 Jeffrey had just woken up and remembered that he had an affair with his father-in-law. But he did remember as well that he had a wife, and he promptly called her to be sure.

Lilly took a minute to answer. 

"Hello, Jeff."

"Lilly. Good morning, dear. Tell me when I should be picking you up at the airport."

Jeff held the phone close against his ear. He rubbed his eyes, while he waited for an answer. Lilly took an awful lot of time. Then he heard the laugh.

It was a male laugh just on the other sound of the line.

"Who is that?"

Jeff's body stilled. He heard Lilly's breath caught.

"Nobody. He's just helping me with work. Uh, listen Jeff, I won't be coming back today. Unfortunately, more work showed up."

"Lilly, what the hell? Who the fuck was that? Who is there with you this early?"

"Jeff, please. I won't talk to you when you're being such a jerk."

She stopped the call. Jeff held himself still for some time, then he stood up and threw his phone on the wall and heard it break, as it left a mark on the white frame. That fucking bitch. He knew their marriage was bad, but that was just...

The door to his room opened, and Richard showed up.

"What happened?" he said. "Son, you look bad." Richard had a key to his house that Jeff gave to him. It's been a while since the big father-in-law had been... servicing Jeff. It usually happened when they were running together, but they decided that in Jeff's home things would be more secure. 

"What happened?" Jeff looked at him. "You fucking whore of a daughter happened."

Jeff didn't expect the punch. It made him turn around and then fall back on the bed. His face pulsed with pain.

"Now, son. You don't go talking this way about my daughter."

Jeff laughed.

"Get the fuck out of my house, Richard."

The big man looked at him with wide eyes. The father-in-law wore the usual running clothes. He would usually wake up Jeff to remind him that he needed to actually go running if he wanted a blowjob. 

"I'm sorry," said Richard quickly. He raised his hands. "I shouldn't have hit you."

"Get. Out."

"Just tell me what happened."

"Richard, I'm not gonna tell you again."

Richard advanced on top of the bed and reached Jeff, he hugged his son-in-law and tightened his grip around his body. 

"Jeffrey, talk to me. Come on, son."

Jeff breathed slowly for a few minutes, comforted by the strong arms. Then he let go of his rage and hugged Richard back.

"Let's go grab a beer."

"Well, I suppose Lilly is being a bitch" said Richard, and gulped his beer. They sat on the couch, side by side.

"I knew we were in bad situation, but... I guess she doesn't care anymore."

Richard caressed Jeff's leg. The man was ready to please his son-in-law.

"I do hate to see you that way, son."

"And yet you punched me."

Jeff's face still throbbed with pain, but nothing was broken, at least.

"It was a father's reflex."

Jeff smiled, then stared at his father-in-law.

"I suppose sucking you daughter's husband is not one of those reflexes?"

Richard smiled in return, his eyes gleaming. 

Jeff turned from him.

"I'm not in the mood to go running today."

"Then we won't go."

Richard's hand reached between Jeff's legs. But the son-in-law stopped him. 

"You deserve a bit of grounding after hitting me, don't you think?"

Richard bit his lower lip.

"What do you have in mind?" Richard said.

Fifteen minutes later, Richard was almost naked in front of him, wearing a one of his daughter's tiny pink underwear. The elasticity of the thing was incredible, however it was not enough to cover all of Richard's hard member. Half of it was exposed, and you could see his balls being smashed. 

Jeff laughed as Richard treated the living room as a runaway. Then he knelt in front of his son-in-law, and took off his clothes. His warm mouth devoured Jeff's cock completely, and he knew minutes of bliss. Richard was a great cocksucker.

"Richard, I want to fuck you."

His father-in-law only mumbled something on his cock. He didn't stop.

Richard sit on the ground and lay his head on Jeff's leg on the couch. His cock was about to tear his daughter's small pink underwear. Jeff was spent, but he watched as his father-in-law took off his cock and jerked it.

"Will you do it for me?" he asked of his son-in-law. But Jeff shook his head.

"Not now."

Richard bearded face looked at Jeff, who only smiled in return and caressed the hair of his father-in-law's head. 

Richard took only minutes to burst, and his juice reached as far as his bare hairy chest. Jeff admired the huge cock of the older man, feeling the urge to touch it, but not wanting to please Richard like that just yet.

He took Richard's head in both hands and turned it so he forced him to look his son-in-law in his eyes. 

"Let's not confuse what's going on here, Richard."

"And what's going on?"

"This," Jeff said, as he put two fingers inside Richard's mouth and fingered his lips hard. "I'm the one in charge. I'm the man here."

Richard nodded, agreeably. Jeff took off his fingers.

"Understood?"

"Yes. You're my man."

Jeff smiled. 

"Then repeat it to me, my daughter is a whore."

Richard's eyes blinked, and Jeff almost thought he would refuse. 

"My daughter is a whore."

"Say it again."

"My daughter is a whore. And you're my man." 

Jeff kissed the big man, then as his cock was hard again, he fed his father-in-law with another load of cum.

Richard took Jeff to his house. He had to change his clothes to appear as if they had gone for a jog. Claire received him with open arms and if she smelled the sweat of her big husband on Jeff, she didn't say anything. 

Jeff told her about Lilly not coming back just yet, and the woman looked at Jeff with pity. But covered it up pretty quickly. Jeff and Richard then proceeded to go out to the porch to drink more beer and talk about life. 

"I'm gonna take a piss," Jeff said, and watched as his father-in-law licked his lips and smiled. "Jesus, you never tire, do you?"

Richard gave out a rough laugh that rumble through his throat. And Jeff was off.

Jeff stood in front of the toilet and closed his eyes. Suddenly, the door opened behind him and Jeffrey turned quickly to see Richard closing the door and coming to him.

"Richard, are you insane?" I said. "Your wife." Jeff would hate to be found here with Richard. Poor Claire also didn't deserve this.

"Stay quiet," he said. He hugged me from behind and inhaled my neck. His hands traveled around my thighs and reached my cock. He grabbed my cock and pointed it to the toilet. "Go on," he whispered. 

"You're mad," Jeff said, while he tried to pull back a laugh. He started to piss and Richard's aim was pretty good. However, his grip on Jeff's cock made it grow hard and Jeff ended up wetting the place all around.

"I think Claire is going to be the mad one... at you."

"Fuck you, Richard."

He laughed tentatively close to Jeff's ear. It made the hair on his body stand up. Richard's hand hardened its grip around the cock of his son-in-law and jerked him off, until Jeff had a full hard on. Then the older man lowered his body and sucked him right there on the bathroom, with the tip of the cock still holding the taste of the piss, and Claire, his wife, waiting just outside, oblivious to her husband's cocksuking habit.

He sucked for a few minutes, until Claire started to call for Richard. She knocked on the door.

"Richard, are you there?"

"No, it's me, Claire. Sorry."

"Oh," she said.

They both heard her steps die down as she moved towards the back of the house, looking for her husband. Richard looked up to Jeff and licked his lips. 

"You go first, and try and stall her."

"You're leaving me with blue balls again?" Jeff said. The old man smiled. He touched Jeff's balls and then, unable to resist, gave one last gulped on the huge hard cock in front of him. 

Jeff hid his cock in his pants and walked off the bathroom. He stalled Claire until Richard showed up and they returned to their normal conversations. Claire, before Jeff left her house, asked her son-in-law to return as soon as possible.

"I certainly will," he said. 

At night of that same day, Jeff fucked Richard. His wife forgotten, Jeff told the big man to undress and get ready. They thought about it and reached the conclusion that the couch would be as good a place as any. So Jeff sat down, legs opened wide, and an erect cock standing up like a tower.

Richard slowly sat on Jeff's cock. The big old man moaned like a bitch as he received his son-in-law's full power. His ass opened up until the cock disappeared inside. Both men lost themselves for a moment. Jeff scratched Richard's back, lust turning his mind into ashes. 

"Fuck" said Richard. "Oh, baby, you're so big," he said.

Jeff thought that being called baby by his father-in-law was something weirdly fascinating, it made his cock itch.

"Mount me, Richard. And keep calling me baby."

"Yes, baby," he said. Richard's cock jumped up and down, as the old man slid his body on top of Jeff's crotch. 

"You know, I have to admit, Richard. I have way too much fun with you. More than with your daughter." Jeff had to say the words loudly. Richard heard them, and they made him more eager. He, for some reason, loved when Jeff compared him to his own daughter. The old dirty man. His little bitch.

Jeff smiled as he heard Richard moan like a cow as he trembled on top of his son-in-law. That was the noise he made when he came. And Jeff couldn't hold himself anymore, he filled his father-in-law with warm cream. Richard slowly stopped his movements, and then removed my cock from inside. 

He opened up his ass so Jeff could see his cum dripping out of the little tight hole. Then he sat down on the couch beside Jeff.

They kissed, their tongues invading the other's mouth. 

"Thank you, baby," Richard said, and Jeff smiled.

"I don't want to let you go back to Claire. I want you to stay with me," Jeff said. 

"What about when my daughter come back? We'll have to find some place else to go."

"We could just stop," Jeff said. Richard shook his head. 

"Don't say that."

"So eager," Jeff said, hugging his father-in-law's huge body, a mingled formula of muscle, fat and maleness, that made him even hotter when he acted like a hungry bitch. "I'm serious when I say that your daughter was never this crazy about my penis."

"Which is probably why you're giving it to me."

Jeff laughed out loud, and Richard's cheek flushed. It was beautiful to watch that grown ass man acting like a shy teenager. 

"I'll have to let you go, then," Jeff said. They both had work, Jeff was filled with commissions. Richard cleaned himself up and dressed himself. Jeff was almost tempted to take it all off again and fuck him on the spot, but they couldn't, so they just kissed for a few minutes.

Richard came early the next day. Jeff was still asleep when the big father-in-law woke him up with kisses on the neck. 

"My daughter called me, talked about you. Said that you were probably mad at her, and that your marriage wasn't going well. She seemed sad."

"And what is she?"

"A whore," Richard said. "She doesn't deserve you. My man."

That made Jeff wake up. They were naked in seconds, and embraced on the bed, two lovers unconcerned with the rest of the world. 

"Fuck me," Richard implored.

And Jeff couldn't refuse his father-in-law when he begged with that voice.

Richard moaned on Jeff's cock more than his daughter ever did. He was lain face down on the bed where Jeff slept with his wife, his face on the pillow that probably had her smell, and while she was away, her father had his ass upwards and getting his tight hole enlarged by her husband. 

Jeff wasn't sure what would happen when Lilly returned. They would probably divorce. He was still mad that she was cucking him, but he could hardly hold her in contempt forever given the fact that he was doing it too, with her father, which made things much worse. 

Still, he looked down and saw his cock entering the abused hole of his father-in-law and fucked him harder.

Jeff nutted him, filled the hole with his cream and removed himself, to watch calmly as his seed formed a little stream out of his father-in-law's ass, and dripped on the mattress. He loved to watch that. 

He slapped that ass. Richard moaned with pain.

"Tell me that you're my little bitch, Richard. Tell me."

"I'm your little bitch."

A funny idea blinked in Jeff's mind.

"Call me daddy."

Richard laughed.

"Seriously?"

"Oh, yeah."

"Okay... Daddy" said Richard, compliant. "Please, fuck me more, daddy."

Jeff smiled, and fucked him more.