 The most memorable afternoon of my life had placed me on a path to sexual adventure and exploration that I had previously been convinced would remain only an imaginary part of my life. 

I had pushed myself far beyond my normal boundaries and into a realm where exposing my smooth naked shaved body to strangers - and then having public sex with them, men and women both, was no longer just an imagined experience. 

I had done it for real, and now I wanted more!

Sucking three cocks, and taking one in deep my virgin ass in a naked public performance of wanton lust would be a tough experience to top. It was certainly an afternoon I would never forget, and just thinking about it makes my blood rush to my cock.

Happily, now I gained an accomplice. 

The girl who had initially been part of the audience, and then an eager participant in my first-ever outdoor orgy had invited me to get to better acquainted.

Of course I was intrigued, and wanted to know more about this petite young nymph who seemed to have a profound fetish for watching smooth-shaven men get naked and suck and fuck each other senseless. She had seemed to take as much pleasure watching as I had taken in sucking a gorgeous shaved 9-inch cock, while another one probed my anal depths for the first time ever.

So we set a date to meet at the beach. Not secluded Peasmarsh where we first saw each other, but a larger beach nearby with an unofficial 'clothing optional' section that was usually sparsely occupied.

I had an idea about her kinks, and her tastes, and so deliberated on how best to present myself to her - and anyone else watching - for our second meeting. 

My pubes had grown out to a short stubble in the three weeks since my first public cock-ring and thong display, so certainly some grooming was in order. 

I carefully shaved my balls, perineum, and ass crack smooth, and decided to leave a v-shaped runway projecting a few inches up my abdomen from the base of my cock, much like an arrow pointing right to where I wanted people to look.

To adorn my cock and balls I chose a chrome triple cock-and-ball-ring set. Lubing myself with moisture cream, I put one ring over my entire balls and shaft. 

The second ring went snugly to the base of my penis, and then the third ring enclosed my smooth-shaven balls.

It showcased and lifted my sex organs in a way that guaranteed anyone looking below my waist would know exactly what was on my mind. I was semi-erect from the moment I put it on. 

A gossamer thin yellow g-string completed the picture, barely covering my bulging balls and shaft and leaving my new landing strip in full view, with the occasional flash of chrome visible as I moved and the tiny triangle of fabric moved with me. 

Off I went to the beach, a pair of running shorts keeping me modest as I parked my car and made my way down to the sand. 

It was an early-summer weekday and I saw no families around, so as soon as I was a few hundred meters away from the car park I stripped off my shorts to reveal the yellow transparent g-string underneath. I really may as well have been naked, and that feeling of exposure caused more blood to flow to my smooth, engorging package straining to escape the tiny triangle of fabric. 

I spotted my new friend lying on her back on a beach towel, clad in a sheer white one piece with super-high cut legs and a thong back that caressed her toned, tight body and barely concealed her smooth-shaven pubic mound and lips.

"Well hello" she shaded her eyes to look up at me." I see you dressed for the occasion."

"As did you. So I'm Edward on my driving licence, but my friends call me Ted. It's nice to see you again."

"I guess I'll call you Ted then. I think sucking your cock and swallowing your cum makes us friends. I'm Nora."

She patted her hand on the sand beside her, so I accepted her silent invite and I spread my towel to next to hers and then lay down on my stomach beside her. It was the less comfy choice given my swollen, steel encased cock and balls, but it did maximize my view of her lithe, near-nude form.

And what a view. My eyes roamed from her half-lidded green eyes and provocative smile, down her long, taut neck and across her small breasts, capped with dark nipples that were now fully hard and visible through her sheer swimsuit. 

She slid her fingers under the bands of the high-cut legs of her suit and lifted the thin material away from her body as my eyes roved south. She then snugged the fabric of the suit up into her shaven slit, her smooth pussy lips mounding out on either side, the whole tableau framed by her slender hips. 

I let out an involuntary groan and rolled onto my side to accommodate my now rock-hard cock. 

"Someone's coming out to play" Nora said, looking down at my throbbing purple cock head, which had popped free of the confines of my tiny g-string. "Lie back. I want to look."

I did as Nora asked and reclined on my towel, my steel-ringed cock shaft now pointing skywards with the yellow strings of my thong disappearing under my smooth, swollen balls.

"There's just no sexier sight in all the world as a hard shaved cock in a cock-ring. " sighed Nora, as she ran a finger teasingly up the underside of my shaft, catching a drop of my leaking fluid and licking it from her finger with a smile. 

"I'll make you a deal"

"Can't wait." I gasped as her fingers continued their feather-light dance up and down my throbbing, aching cock shaft. 

"I'm going to suck your cock and tease you mercilessly, and drive you to the very edge of consciousness before I Iet you fill my mouth with your cum."

I could only moan in reply.

"But while I do, you have to take a big, hard, shaved cock into your mouth at the same time, and lick it and suck it for all you're worth. And I'll only let you cum once I see you swallow his whole load." 

"Oh fuck Nora" I panted "That's the best deal I've ever heard of in my life...but we need another cock!"

"I thought of that Ted. Look behind you." 

I rolled a quarter turn away from Nora, and to my left I saw a medium sized man walking our way, backlit by the sun. I couldn't see his features clearly, but his silhouette suggested a reasonably muscular form. What was clearly visible was the outline of the bright orange thong he wore. 

"Hi Nora. Is this your new friend?" he asked as he drew up to our spot in the sand.

"Cal, meet Ted. Ted, this is Cal. And Cal, that's Ted's gorgeous shaved cock." said Nora, completing the introductions. 

Cal dropped to his knees in the sand and in one quick move put my cock in his mouth, taking me all the way in until his nose rested on my shaven pubic mound. 

"Nice to meet you Cal" I groaned as his lips tightened around my shaft.

"You're out of order there Cal." giggled Nora.

Cal slowly drew the tight, wet ring of his lips upwards along my cock from base to head, releasing my flared cock head with a pop.

"Sorry, couldn't help myself. Ted you have a delicious cock, but our friend Nora tells me your cum is all hers this afternoon."

Still kneeling, Cal leaned back on his heels and scanned up and down the beach, then looked down at my mostly-nude form.

"You like showing off don't you Ted?"

I looked down at the growing tent-pole pushing out the filmy orange material of Cal's thong and replied " I think you might like putting on a display too Cal. Why not let us see the rest?"

Cal stood back up and slowly began pulling the orange thong down, revealing the startling contrast between his tan and the white, hairless skin inside his tan lines. 

As the elastic waistband of the thong continued its slow tease down his body I saw that his pubic area was super smooth, even more smooth than me after a very careful shave.

"I wax him. That's how we met." purred Nora as she stood up and then went behind Cal.

Nora hooked her thumbs into the waistband of Cal's thong and then pulled away in either direction. 

The velcro fasteners made little tearing noises as Nora freed her friend's long, cut and completely hairless cock from its confines and into the open air. 

I was transfixed by the sight of Cal's smooth shaven cock and balls, framed by the untanned triangle of white skin of his pubic area. His cock was about the same length as mine, but his girth was incredible. I couldn't wait to taste his smooth, circumsized soup can cock, if I could get it all in my mouth!

Once again I was kneeling before a naked man, on full public display, ready to lose myself to the burning desire stoked in me by his hard, thick, bobbing cock.

"You know what's next, I think.' said Nora, as she reached around Cal and grasped the smooth base of his shaft. 

"Make this cum, then I make you cum...and take your time." she smiled. 

Rising to kneel in front of Cal, I needed no further guidance. 

I placed my hand over hers at the base of Cal's cock, and gently flicked my tongue under the ridge of his cock-head, tasting his precum, and making his thick pole dance on my tongue while he let out a low, guttural sigh. I bathed the underside of Cal's throbbing meat, licking all the way to his smooth shaven balls, and then as far back towards his ass as my tongue would reach. 

Then I took him in, my lips stretching over his wonderful girth, the hard, yet yielding texture of his fat penis in my mouth making my own cock throb in its three steel rings. 

I gripped his shaft at its smooth base and began slowly withdrawing my lips, keeping a firm suction, then driving my head forward again, taking more of him into my mouth, opening my jaw and throat to try and push his bulbous crown as far into my head as I could. 

I kept up my measured up-and-down, gagging a little each time I throated his beautiful cock until I felt Cal start to trust involuntarily with his hips, grunting with each thrust. 

I knew it was time to shift gears. Nora had clearly suggested this was more marathon than sprint.

I pulled my head away from Cal's smooth torpedo, lips dripping with saliva and his seminal fluid. 

"What a sight" said Nora, looking down at me, panting before a naked shaved hard cock, literally drooling with lust. "But I'm feeling left out. On the sand Cal. Ted's jaw needs a rest." 

Nora stood between us, grabbing both our cocks, mine hard throbbing and be-ringed, Cal's thick and wet and dripping from my hungry ministrations. She lowered us to the blankets by our cocks, arranging me face down on all fours on the beach towel. She guided Cal to lay down in front of me, legs spread to present his cock sprouting eagerly from its smooth triangle of white skin.

I dove back in hungrily, taking him deep into my mouth, then popping it down into my throat. 

I worked him harder with my tongue feeling the silken nexus of his balls and shaft, then withdrew for a breath before dropping him back into my throat, his moaning now a near-constant hum as I worked the hot sauce from his balls towards its eventual target, my mouth. 

"Suck that cock Ted" purred Nora from behind me as she pulled off the g-string that was now doing nothing at all to cover me. "Lick that thick shaved penis. You know how much love that cock - so show me!"

Cal's big shaft filled my mouth completely as I salivated and moaned over him. 

"I can't wait to swallow your cum Cal. Pump that fat cock into my mouth."

Behind me my g-string was gone, and Nora had a clear target as she tickled my pink ring with the tip of her tongue, making me squirm and moan even more wantonly on Cal's unbelievably hard cock. 

I could tell he was beyond ready to fill my mouth with his cum, but I wanted to draw it out some more so I backed off and gripped the smooth mound at the base of his shaft so I could concentrate on what Nora was doing to my ass, first with her tongue and now her fingers, one, then two, then three, stretching me back there, getting me open for Cal's anal torpedo. I pushed back on her hand involuntarily, trying to force more into me

"I'm getting you ready for something really nice Ted." she said as she inserted four fingers inside me. "I'm going to make you cum harder that you ever have in your life, and Cal going to help."

Her fingers stayed in my ass as she slid her head underneath me between my legs, and wrapped her lips around the bouncing head of my cock. I groaned as I felt her tongue circle around the ridge of my cock head. 

"Hump my face Ted, and keep sucking that cock!" 

I did as commanded and began arching my back to drive my shaft into Nora's eager mouth, while resuming my suction on the gorgeous shaved treat straining skywards from Cal's taut abdomen. 

I felt his body tense and saw his smooth balls contract as Cal grunted "Unh, unh, I'm going to blow!"

I hummed my reply and then his engorged tool began spasming as I fought to keep it in my mouth. The heat of his semen filled me up and I swallowed a mouthful, keeping my lips locked on his dancing rod. 

Another, and then another mouthful of his hot cum painted my tongue. The taste of his cum was sharp and sweet at the same time.

"Don't swallow it all." said Nora, moving out from between my legs. She took my head in both hands and pulled it away from Cal's glistening shaft and then locked our lips together, slurping the remains of his cum from my mouth. 

I was now kneeling in front of Cal, who took my throbbing cock in his mouth, even as some of his cum dripped from my chin onto his face. Nora reached down and cupped my steel-ringed balls and watched Cal's mouth engulf me. 

I looked around at the beach and open air surrounding our tableau of raw bisexuality. Here was a sexy, slender shaved young woman watching and helping two hard and horny men drive each other to heights of cock-lust. 

I could see people walking on the beach in the medium distance, and willed them to come closer and watch our next act.

"Cal come here". Nora took the lead again knowing what she wanted to see and do to sate her fetish for shaved gay sex. She took Cal's still-wet cock in her mouth, licking him and making his fat cock start to swell again.

"Time to reward Ted - but I need you hard Cal".

From behind, I felt her tickling my balls, perineum and ass while hearing her slurp on Cal's cock. 

'Mmmmm Cal you're hard again. Ready?" He grunted a reply as she kept sucking his cock while stroking my own from behind, puling my shaft back between my legs.

"OK Cal, lie back on the sand."

She used my cock as a lever to turn me around and positioned me over Cal's once-again rock hard penis. Hand behind me in the sand, I hovered over Cal's thick shaft, knowing I would soon be forcing his cock inside me. 

Nora looked me in the eye smiling with lust and mischief as one hand stroked my cock. With the other she reached into her beach bag and pulled out a tube of suntan oil, squirting a jet between my legs.

"You know how good it's going to feel don't you?"

And I did.

I lowered myself and felt Cal's big purple cockhead pushing at my tight pink opening. I had been well-lubed and stretched by Nora's hand but still the sheer width of Cal's plum-like head was challenging my sphincter. 

I forced myself down harder, and then felt the ridge of his cock head as it popped in past my first ring. 

I wanted him all the way inside me, but I had to go slow.

"This is only the second cock I've had in my ass." I panted. "And it's really big."

Nora smiled. "I know. I was there for the first one. You loved it, and I loved watching you grind your ass all the way down to the base. Keep going, get him all the way in!"

I groaned and lowered myself slowly down onto Cal's smooth pubic mound, his entire seven inches inside me now, my eyes shut as I concentrated on the sensations of pleasure and pain, feeling all of his veiny, thick swollen cock against my tight inner walls. 

I also felt Nora's hot breath as she blew gently on my stretched-out ass ring, multiplying the intensity of Cal's penetration of my body.

Then I looked down just as my raging hard cock entered Nora's hot, wet mouth. She looked up at me and winked as she took my entire length, her nose pressing against my shaved pubis. 

She gagged and her throat tightened around my head and shaft, even while Cal steadily pistoned his meat into my ass. 

I looked around, dizzy with desire and lust, and saw that we had drawn a small audience of three middle aged women who stood transfixed at the sight of me being buggered and fellated simultaneously. 

"Fucking shit that is hot." whispered one of the ladies, her hand reaching down the front of her yoga pants.

"His shaved cock is so hard, and his asshole is stretched right out, see?" her friend replied, pulling the front of her shorts down to expose her own shaved sex, which she began rubbing feverishly. 

I was panting and gasping now at the height of ecstacy, not sure how much longer I could last. 

"Nora, I..."

"Mmmmmmmm" she hummed a reply on my straining meat.

Cal started pushing into me, even deeper it felt, his shaft rubbing the p-spot inside my ass. Nora deep-throated my cock in time to Cal's thrusting, which helped push my dick even farther into Nora's mouth. 

I was being ass-fucked and stretched wide by a thick shaved cock, while watching my own smooth rod pump in and out of Nora's face while she hummed and grunted. 

I felt my cum as it squeezed past the sliver ring around my balls and cock, and surged towards the tip of my shaft.

And I let go.

Jet after jet after jet of orgasmic sensation flowed from my core, driven by the pressure of Cal's cock inside my ass yet restrained by my cock-rings, which prolonged the tide of jizz.

Nora moaned as my cock steadily unloaded, her cheeks puffing out as she tried to contain the massive volume of semen I was pumping into her mouth. She swallowed as fast as she was able, but the spurts kept coming, finally overflowing her lips and dribbling down her chin onto Cal's thrusting thighs below. 

I heard animalistic grunts and moans, realizing they were my own.

Finally, dizzy and tingling, reverberating inside, the spasms abated, and I was left impaled and heaving on Cal's cock, my own smooth shaft still warm in Nora's mouth as she swirled her tongue around the head getting the last drops of my endless orgasm.  

Slowly, arms and legs shaking, I lifted myself off of Cal's still-hard cock, feeling my rear hole gape as it tried to contract back to its normal size. 

I collapsed into the sand, chest heaving, cock still semi-hard and protruding from its silver rings. Nora licked her way up my smooth abdomen, licking semen from my hairless pubic area as she went, then french-kissed me deeply, her tongue still coated in my own cum.

"God I wish my husband would eat cum like that." sighed one of the three middle-aged ladies who had watched our grand finale.

"I want to watch my husband suck a cock and then take it in the ass." 

"And I wish mine would shave his cock smooth like that. I looks so fucking sexy."

Nora looked down at my own cock, and tugged at the little tuft of hair at the base.

"You need a little clean up too mister." she said, with a mischievous grin.

I looked over at Cal, whose cock was still hard and throbbing. He needed relief and I needed more cum.

I leaned over and liked my own splattered cum from his tanned thighs, them moved up and took his juicy pole into my mouth again.

"Oh my god he just had that cock in his ass and now he's sucking it." said the woman in the yoga pants.

"Isn't it great?" replied Nora. "Get a couple of guys naked together and they turn into mindless cum-machines!"

And that's exactly what I was as I cupped Cal's balls in one hand, while gripping his shaft firmly with the other hand, stroking him into my mouth. I was Cal's cock slave, massaging his smooth pubic area and tonguing the length of his beautiful penis. 
