 "Jon, can you please join us here?" I looked up at the professor standing in the front of class. On any other day it would be impossible for me to take my eyes off of him but today was different. He had just handed us our tests back; mine with a big F on the top of it.

"Sorry, professor," I mumbled. He turned and finished up the equation on the board. Professor Bucklord was my favorite professor for more than one reason. Bucklord was 5'11" with a dark tan. His dark hair was cut short and his blue-green eyes kept the attention of most of his students. He almost always wore tight polo shirts that showed off his large biceps and spectacular pectorals. He was not only the boss of the classroom, but also the leading male in most of my fantasies.

An elbow nudged my side. "Good going dumbass," Aaron said from beside me. Aaron was another one of my favorite fantasy characters. He was about 5'10" and probably around 160lbs. He had dark hair, brown eyes, and an almost continual scraggly beard. Sitting in the lecture hall, Aaron had more than once "accidentally" placed his hand on top of mine when it was resting on the arm of the chair. I realized that while I had been daydreaming about him we had maintained eye contact. Blushing, I looked back towards the front of the classroom.

Another 40 minutes of torture and class finally ended. I threw my notebook into my bag and was getting to my feet when Bucklord's voice rang out. "Jon, stay after, please." Of course I had mixed feelings. I would get to be alone with the hottest professor on campus but it was not for any good reason. I waited around until the hall had emptied before walking up to where Bucklord was waiting.

"I suppose you know why I asked you to stay," Bucklord said, crossing his arms. His biceps strained against the thin fabric of his shirt. I just wanted to rip his clothes off!

"Yeah," I said quietly. "I'm real sorry for not paying attention during class and getting such a bad grade on the test." I hung my head and bit my lip.

"I'm afraid there isn't much that you can do now about your grade, Jon. You're almost sure to fail." Bucklord then did something odd, he reached out and tilted my head up so that I was looking directly into his gorgeous blue-green eyes. "Are you willing to do what it takes to pass my class, Jon?"

Our faces were so close that I was finding it hard to breathe, let alone speak so I merely nodded. Bucklord smiled. "Good. Meet me here tonight, around 7 and I'll give you an extra credit assignment." With that, Bucklord picked up his briefcase and walked out.

I meandered down to the cafeteria to have lunch with Aaron and some other friends, the entire time pondering what Bucklord had in mind. I could only hope that he wanted some sort of sexual favor from me. I smiled at the idea.

"What are you grinning about?" Aaron asked. I jumped. I had forgotten that I was sitting in the library with my best friend. I laughed.

"Nothing; nothing at all," I said.

"Sure...," Aaron said, giving me a suspicious look. "We still on for tonight?"

Crap! I had forgotten that it was Thursday! Aaron and I always went down to the bar on Thursdays to meet up with some buddies. "I can't," I said. His smile fell off his face. "I have to help Professor Bucklord with something so that I don't fail his class."

Aaron laughed. "Ok, that's actually a good excuse. Classes come first. But, hey, I got to get going. See ya later." He stood up, hoisting his backpack over his shoulder. I got a glimpse of his amazing 6-pack before his shirt fell back over his stomach. He walked out, leaving me with a partial hard-on. Does he know how he affects me? Doubtful.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 



A few hours later I was sitting in the lecture hall, waiting for Professor Bucklord to arrive. I allowed my mind to wander, considering what my reaction would be if he came in and tried to get me to have sex with him. A smile crept across my face as I imagined him walking in and kneeling right next to me, his muscles stretching against his shirt; his hand would rest on my knee and slowly inch up towards my crotch...

"Good to see you, Jon." I snapped back to reality to see Bucklord standing in the doorway. He had a small smirk on his face. He wore a tee-shirt and a pair of gym shorts which left very little to the imagination. A definite outline revealed where his cock was. I began to get aroused. 

"Uh, yeah hi...," I said, my eyes never leaving his crotch.

"Yeah, Jon...? I'm up here." Embarrassed I looked up, meeting his eyes. He was smiling at me...what did it mean!? It felt like something snapped inside of me. Bucklord had asked me here, after hours, and had shown up in skimpy clothing. He obviously wanted something from me; something that most male professors don't yearn for from their male students. So I stood up. My cock strained against my jeans as I walked over to him, placed my hands on his waist and tilted my head up. His warm mouth met mine, his arms wrapped around my waist, and he pulled me toward him. 

Not wasting any time, I hooked my fingers into his shorts and pushed them down. He released his hold on me long enough to tear his shirt off. My clothes melted off my body and we grabbed for each other again. I didn't have to look down to know that he had a nice, thick cock; it was trapped in-between us, along with mine. My hands explored his muscular back, moving down to his perfect ass. His hands were exploring my body as well. 

I had a fairly well-maintained body; nothing as amazing as Bucklord's but it served its purpose. I felt one of Bucklord's fingers slide in my crack, gently kneading at my pucker. A moan escaped my throat as his finger entered me. My back arched and Bucklord's mouth found my left nipple. 

"Yes!" I screamed. "Take me, Bucklord!" With that, Bucklord pushed me to my knees. In front of me was that which I had always dreamed of. Reveling in the moment, I slowly took Bucklord's cock in my mouth. I was able to take him almost all the way to the base. Hair tickle my nose as I choked on him. I pulled back and licked up the shaft of his cock. His moans from above me told me I was doing a great job. I looked up, over his flat stomach and his amazing chest to his face. His eyes were closed as he began to fuck my face. I opened my throat as best I could and let him pump in and out of my hot mouth. 

"Oh yeah, Jon! You're a great cock sucker. Take my cock, take it." He pumped a few more times before yelling out. "I'm cumming!" I clamped my mouth down around his cock. The first spurt of his cum hit the back of my throat. I swallowed time and time again as Bucklord emptied his juice into my mouth. As soon as he finished he pulled me to the floor and took my cock in his mouth. I moaned as his tongue began to flick around my cock. 

"I want to fuck you." I looked down at Bucklord. He stopped sucking me to look up at me, smile and nod. He then squatted over my cock and slowly lowered his ass until the head of my cock touched his hole. Gritting his teeth he lowered a little bit more and I was forced into his tight ass. 

"Oh shit!" I yelled. I pushed all the way in, enjoying the hot feeling of my professor's ass. I reached up and began to massage his chest. I loved his chest! Gasping, Bucklord began to really ride my cock. 

And that's when Aaron walked in.