 It was Saturday morning and I was starting to drift off again, enjoying sleeping longer than usual, even for a weekend. He was behind me, spooning, with his arm draped over mine. We always sleep naked. 

My first morning sensation was the feel of his groin pressed against my cheeks. He stirred and pressed harder into me. His fingertips caressed my chest and stopped to gently pinch my left nipple. I shivered slightly and felt my own cock start to stir. He kissed the back of my neck and adjusted so that his cock was in between my cheeks, growing to full attention. 

I said, "Hmmm, you're 'up' early. Is it gonna to be one of those weekends?"

"Maybe. Is that good for you?" He nibbled my neck and grinded against my ass. I pressed back, enjoying the feeling of his engorged shaft. 

His hand moved down my stomach and between my legs. He massaged my cock and balls. I closed my eyes and focused on the sensation, my breath becoming shallow. I was fully engorged and throbbing. This always felt good, but somehow nerve endings are always more sensitive first thing in the morning, heightening the pleasure.

He pulled the sheet off of us and laid flat on his back. I turned over, nestled my head into his chest and began massaging his cock and balls. His cock was throbbing and begging for attention.

I rose and straddled him, pressing my cock against his. I sat upright and grabbed both of our cocks together in one hand, stroking both at the same time as I stared into his eyes. His firm cock felt warm against mine. The sensation was almost overwhelming and I knew two climaxes would come quickly at this rate.

Still staring in his eyes, I asked, "Tell me what you want. Do you want to fuck me?"

He smiled. "I want to be inside your mouth."

I smiled and slid down between his legs. I grabbed his cock and took his balls into my mouth one at a time, bathing them with my tongue. He groaned as I ran my tongue up and down his shaft, stopping each time to tickle the strip of skin on the underside just below his helmet. 

I took the head into my mouth and explored the shape with my tongue. I gently nibbled on the soft smooth surface and played with it like a lollipop.

As I engulfed his shaft, he closed his eyes and pressed his head back into the pillow. I massaged his balls with one hand and gently stroked him with the other while my mouth explored. I knew what he liked. I took his full length to the back of my throat and then pulled back slowly, my hand strokes moving in sync. I worked the rim of his head with my tongue, causing him to flinch when I touched his most sensitive parts.

I worked his cock expertly until he groaned loudly and arched upward. He grabbed my head in his hands and took control of the pace, thrusting his hips and fucking my mouth as he pushed my head up and down. I let him take control, receptive to him forcefully fucking my throat. My eyes started to water as he pressed beyond my break point. But I craved him and did not resist.

I reached up and grabbed his nipples between my thumbs and index fingers, vigorously squeezing and twisting. Feeling the pain, he groaned and began thrusting harder. My eyes were tearing, but I didn't want it to stop. I wanted to bring him to a glorious climax and taste his warm seed.

I felt his body grow rigid. He pushed my head down and thrust violently to the back of my throat one last time. I squeezed his nipples aggressively as his climax began in his heavy balls and exploded up his shaft. He yelled "Fuck!!" as he erupted into my mouth, hitting the back of my throat. I let him fill my mouth and milked every last drop with my tongue and hand.

As his orgasm subsided, I massaged his balls and swallowed. He loved that part, knowing I would do that for him. He felt in control. And I enjoyed the feeling of being completely submissive and letting him know I would do it whenever he wished.

I took his cock into my mouth again. I massaged his balls with my hands and massaged his shaft and head with my mouth and tongue. He started to grow hard again, but grabbed me and pulled me up. I laid on top of him.

"I want you naked all day today, he said. You are not allowed to wear clothes until tomorrow."

Always happy to please, I said, "That sounds intriguing. I'm guessing it's going to be an event-filled day."

He grinned, "Uh huh."

I walked to the bathroom slowly, enjoying knowing that he was staring at my bubble ass. He is fond of saying how perfect my ass is and how much he loves watching it twitch as I walk.

I took a long hot shower. Thinking about being naked all day, being vulnerable, and being available to satisfy his every whim and desire, I grew hard. I fantasized and stoked my cock, edging myself over and over until I was afraid I was going to slip and climax. I wanted to maintain this feeling all day, but only climax when he allowed me to. I shaved everywhere, leaving only a small patch above my cock, just as he liked it.

While I was toweling off, he walked in naked, ready to take his own shower. He walked behind me and ran his hands over my ass, saying, "God I love this ass. Do you love showing me your ass?"

"My ass is yours whenever you want it."

He grinned. "And if I offer it to someone else?"

"You know the answer to that. My ass is yours to use as you wish."

"Do you like it when I let my friends fuck you?"

I paused, not knowing where this was headed. "I like it if that's what you like. I crave making you happy."

He smiled. "I love fucking you. And I love watching others fuck you, knowing that at the end of the day you are mine."

"Then I crave having you AND your friends fuck me because I crave turning you on and making you happy. Nothing turns me on more than turning you on. And you know I ultimately belong to you."

He pulled me into him and kissed me aggressively with our cocks pressed together. While devouring my mouth, he grabbed my ass hard and ground his cock against me. Then he slapped both of my ass cheeks. I winced, mainly because it surprised me. I wrapped my arms around his neck and my leg around his thigh. We were both rock hard, grinding against each other. But he pulled away and walked to the shower.

I was in the kitchen making breakfast when he walked out of the bedroom. He wore jeans and a tee shirt, but was shoeless. I was, of course, gloriously naked. He sat down at the table and grabbed the paper.

I brought him a plate of eggs and bacon. He thanked me and smiled, looking me up and down. When I turned to walk away, he slapped my ass. I spun around, my ass cheek stinging a bit. 

He motioned for me to come to him. He grabbed my hand and pulled me to him, kissing me. I could feel my cock start to grow involuntarily. He grabbed it and stroked me as we kissed, but then abruptly let go.

I walked back to the kitchen fully erect. I felt a bit rejected. But my heart was beating because I knew this was only the beginning of a day of games.

Over the course of the day, he continued to tease and take advantage of me. He would grab my ass when it pleased him. He would grab my cock and stroke me to full attention at his whim, always stopping well before I was even close to climaxing. He would grab me and kiss me - sometimes passionately, sometimes aggressively. He usually continued until I was again fully erect and begging for attention.

I enjoyed the feeling of being naked and vulnerable; being gladly, willingly, available to fulfill his desires. I felt captive and free at the same time. I reveled in being the object of his sexual desires. I knew I would do anything for him. I was his to take whenever and however he wanted.

In the early afternoon, he turned on the television and on an old movie. He settled in on the couch to relax. I grabbed a couple of bottles of water and sat on the couch next to him. He reached over and ran his hand up and down my thigh. I laid back as his hand roamed to my cock. He massaged my balls as my cock grew hard for about the 20th time that day. He stroked my cock almost dispassionately as he watched the movie.

I looked over and saw the bulge in his pants. Dispassionate or not, he was obviously enjoying this.

I reached over and rubbed his bulge through his pants. Receiving no objection, I undid his pants and pulled out his cock. It sprung to attention in my hand.

He reached down, pulled his pants off and laid back. Taking the cue, I leaned over and took his cock into my mouth. I worked his balls with my hand and his cock with my mouth. He laid back and watched the movie as I pleasured him.

I thought he was going to finish, but suddenly he stopped me. Then, out of nowhere, he said, "I feel like ordering a pizza." I looked at him quizzically, but had no objection.

He stood, pulled on his pants and walked into the kitchen. I heard him dial the phone and order a pizza, giving them our address for delivery. My mind started racing, wondering whether there was more to this than it appeared. Would it really be a pizza delivery guy? Would it be a friend? Then again, perhaps he simply wanted pizza.

About 30 minutes later, the doorbell rang. We were both sitting on the couch. I didn't move because obviously I was still naked, so... But he didn't get up. The doorbell rang again. 

He looked at me and said, "Aren't you going to get that?"

I said, "But what if... I don't know if..." And now my suspicions were peaked.

Clearly he wasn't going to get up. So I stood and walked over to the door. My hands were trembling because I felt this could go terribly wrong if the wrong person were on the other side of that door. Then, tossing caution to the wind, I took a deep breath and threw open the door.

A sense of relief came when I saw that it was a delivery guy and not a delivery gal. He was good looking. Not ruggedly handsome, but certainly good looking. I guessed that he was 29 or 30. Sandy blonde hair. Super fit. No overly muscular, but taut. He did look vaguely familiar. But I thought perhaps he just looked like someone I had met.

As I stood naked before him, he looked deadpanned and confused. Certainly not shocked. Just confused.

He unzipped the delivery pouch and handed me the pizza box. I asked if he wanted to step in while I grabbed the money. He nodded "Sure" and stepped in. He said it was $22.46.

I closed the door and walked into the kitchen. As I did so, I glanced over and saw that my guy had moved to a chair in the living room where he could watch the entire affair. 

The delivery guy followed me and stopped at the center island. I had my back to him as I walked around the island and opened a drawer to find a stash of cash. Thinking about the situation, I felt a familiar sensation between my legs and looked down to see my cock growing to half-mast. I tried to will it down, but that had the opposite effect.

I was embarrassed to turn around, but I was trapped. So I again threw caution to the wind and turned around. I walked over and handed him $30. As he reached for it, he glanced down at my semi-erect cock. When his glance turned to a long look, I felt myself get harder. 

I told him he could keep the change. His expression of gratitude was followed by a silent moment that that grew to a pregnant pause. He glanced down at my cock again very deliberately. My heart started beating and I felt my cock grow harder. 

He glanced over at my guy in the living room, aware that we were being watched. Sensing no objection, he turned back to my cock. I simply didn't know what to do or what would happen next.

Suddenly, he reached over and ran his fingers up and down the underside of my shaft. My breathing became labored and the sensation of his fingertips on my cock was overwhelming. I was now fully erect and throbbing. I reached for his pants. As I started to unbuckle his belt, he kicked off his shoes, undid his pants and let them drop to the floor.

He had a beautiful cock, already fully engorged. About eight inches and straight with a decent sized, nicely shaped head. I grabbed it and began to stroke him. He leaned his head back and moaned. I dropped to my knees and took him into my mouth. 

Like a sex-starved animal, I devoured his cock, taking him to the back of my throat and working his shaft while I massaged his balls. He moaned in complete ecstasy as I expertly worked him.

I thought I heard footsteps and glanced over to see my guy standing a few feet away watching the action up close. He was enjoying this. It all fit into his fantasy and mine.

I was not sure how long the delivery guy would last the way I was working him. Then all of the sudden, my guy said, "Do you want to fuck him?"

The delivery guy looked over and simply said, "Yes."

At that prompting, I stood up. My guy took me by the hand and led me to the living room. He told me to lean over the back of the couch. He reached for a jar of lube and dipped his fingers. Moving my legs apart, he applied lube up and down inside my crack as the delivery guy watched.

He inserted a finger and worked it around in a circle, demonstrating how inviting my hole was. As he removed his finger, he grabbed my ass cheeks and pulled them apart widely. He looked at the delivery guy as if to say, "Be my guest."

The delivery guy stroked his engorged cock for good measure and walked up behind me and between my legs. While my guy held my cheeks open, the delivery guy placed the head of his cock at the opening and slowly entered me. Two hands released my ass cheeks and two new hands grabbed my cheeks for leverage. He slowly worked his way into me, eventually burying his magnificent cock to the hilt. He felt just a bit larger than my guy. A perfect size for maximum gratification.

He started fucking me slowly, gliding in and out and reaching full depth with each stroke. As he went, he picked up the pace, each stroke becoming more forceful, plunging deeper and harder. As he became more forceful, there was a loud slapping sound each time his groin slapping against my ass. I could feel his heavy balls slapping against mine.

I looked over at my guy who just smiled back at me. Knowing he was getting gratification out of watching me getting fucked made the experience even more erotic and satisfying. I was vulnerable. I was being taken advantage of. I was being fucked by a good looking guy with a glorious cock while my guy was watching. A fantasy come true.

I reached down between my legs to massage the delivery guy's balls. But I felt another hand there. My guy was massaging the delivery guy's balls from behind while the guy was fucking me. The visual was mind-blowing. I wanted to step outside of myself and watch it all. But all I could do was close my eyes and visualize it as I relaxed and enjoyed getting fucked by this magnificent cock.

Suddenly, I heard, "Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum!" He slammed into me several more times and then plunged to full depth and unloaded, shooting ropes of cum deep inside me. From the yelling and groaning I knew he was draining his balls completely. I gripped his cock with my hole, coaxing the last bit out of them.

When he was finished, he slowly withdrew his cock and walked over to his pile of clothes without saying a word. As I stood and turned around, they could both see that I was still raging hard.

Without saying a word, my sandy-haired lover grabbed his pizza pouch and walked to the door. He turned around once, stared at my cock, smiled and mouthed "Thanks" before walking out.

My guy walked over to me and planted a long kiss on my mouth. He grabbed my cock and started stroking, saying, "That was incredible. I never grow tired of it."

I looked into hit eyes. "As I told you, if it makes you happy, then I crave it too. Besides, he had a nice cock. And it was a magnificent fuck." He bit my lip.

He grabbed my hand and led me to the bedroom. He ripped off his clothes and laid on his back on the bed. He motioned me over, saying "I want to be inside you."

I climbed on top of him and lowered myself into his cock. Having just been worked hard by our delivery guy, I took him to full depth easily and quickly. 

He pulled me to him and devoured my mouth as I grinded my hips and worked his cock. He grabbed my ass and moved me up and down at a moderate pace while his tongue explored the inside of my mouth.

I leaned back and picked up the pace. He grabbed my engorged cock and started stroking me. Having my cock stroked while taking him deep inside me was mind-blowing. But when I closed my eyes, my visual was of being fucked by another man while my guy was massaging his balls. I wondered if my guy was mentally returning to the same event.

He grabbed my hips and started slamming me onto him as he thrust upward to meet each stroke. I picked up the pace and started slamming down on him with force, taking his full length aggressively and deep inside me. I stayed upright and started stroking my cock while working him.

I could tell by his eyes that he was close. His mouth opened wide as he thrust his hips and rammed his cock into me. I stroked myself wildly, trying to catch up to him. Finally, he yelled out, closed his eyes and cocked his head to the side. As he began his volcanic explosion, my cock started pulsating and my own eruption began. As he shuddered and filled me with his load, I shot ropes of cum all over his chest, squeezing and milking myself.

When we were both spent, I collapsed on top of him, not mindful of the sticky mess I had made. He grabbed the back of my head and pulled me to him, planting a deep long kiss on my mouth. It was a kiss of passion and aggression. He was dominating me and demonstrating once again that I was his, even if he used me from time to time for his own visual sexual pleasure. And I was happy to be dominated in that way.

It had been a good day. A naked day. A day of passion, pleasure, dominance and submission. I felt used, but fulfilled. And I had a new treasure of memories and visuals to last for a while. But I still looked forward to the next adventure.