 It’s 5am, and I was bored as hell, changing channels on the TV. I’d been watching TV for almost an hour already, finding no good shows. Just then, I saw a chat channel, with chatters advertising themselves as “single, willing, available”.

“This is interesting,” I thought.

I glanced at the names, and saw one particular ad, which said, “Bi male, looking for other bi males, call me” and gave a phone number.

Let me first tell you about myself. I’m 18 years old, 5’6”, dark-skinned. I’m a bisexual male, and I enjoy both the feel of a nice juicy pussy on my lips and a hard cock in my throat.  Also, I am so into being brutalized by a hard cock in my ass, and I come so hard my knees shake and buckle.

Anyway, I listed down the number, and later I called up the guy.

“Hello?” said the guy.

Omigod, I thought, He has such a deep voice. So – manly.

“Yeah, um… I called about your ad on the chat channel,” I stammered nervously.

“Oh, yeah,” he said. “My name’s Joey; what’s yours?”

“Sparky,” I offered. “Um, you’re really bi?”

“Yes, I am. And you?”

“I am. Listen, I’m looking forward to meet you. Can we meet this weekend?”

“Sure thing,” Joey said. “I’d like that.”

“Thanks, bye!” I said, and hung up, my heart pounding like a million drums playing.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

I could hardly wait for Saturday to come. Although I was so incredibly turned on by the prospect of meeting a bi man, I somehow managed to restrain myself from jacking off. I had to go about my weekly business with a very stiff, aching woody.

Finally, Saturday arrived. I called Joey up.

“Hi,” I said when he picked up. “It’s Sparky, I was wondering if we’re still on for today?”

“Sure, let’s meet at that new bar by the airport,” Joey replied. “I’ll be wearing leather clothes, so you won’t have trouble finding me.”

“Okay, I’ll be there at 3pm,” I answered. “Bye!”

I arrived at the bar a few minutes before 3, and ordered a drink. I was halfway into my second drink when a man dressed in a leather bomber jacket, white shirt, and tight leather pants entered. I signaled to him, and he approached.

“Hi, you must be Joey,” I said, holding out my hand.

“And you’re Sparky,” Joey answered with a smile and shook my hand.
“I’m having a scotch, would you care to have a drink?” I offered.

He ordered a dry martini straight up, and it gave me a chance to observe him. He was in his mid-30s, tall, dark, and handsome in a flashy way. His hair was short, and neatly combed. I leaned closer, and he smelled good.

As we drank, we exchanged stories about when we first came out. “I was so shocked when I came out as a bisexual,” Joey related, “my dad admitted that he was also bi, and he fantasized about a family orgy with all of us!”

“Mine was less dramatic,” I said. “It was just all of us sitting at the dining table, and I said I was bi. My dad was like, ‘Yeah? Pass the rice.’ Anyway, good thing is that they didn’t kick up a fuss about it.”

“Okay, so now we’re comfy with each other. Let’s go back to my apartment so we can get more comfy,” Joey said, with a knowing smile on his face.

We got back to his apartment, and he offered another drink. I declined, saying, “I am too horny to drink, I want to make love to you right this instant!” I went up to him and kissed him on the lips. He kissed me back, and our tongues wrestled with each other. Our hands were rubbing all over our bodies, as we continued our passionate kiss.

He broke up the kiss, and said that we should go to the bedroom to get comfortable. I agreed, and followed him to his bedroom.

In his bedroom, I took off my shirt, and pants, leaving only a tiny black jockstrap. He undressed as well, taking off jacket, shirt, jeans, and stood in his glorious hard nakedness. He wasn’t wearing any underwear, and his cock had to be at least 7 inches. I moved up to him, cupping his cock and nut sack, and kissed him again. I moved down his body, pausing slightly to flick at his nipples with my tongue. He groaned as my tongue sent shivers down his spine.

I reached his hard pole, and proceeded to licking it till it was wet with mouth and cock juice. I started sucking on his cock, savoring the musky odor that emanated. I reached around him, and played with his puckered asshole. He sighed as I plunged two fingers inside. I reached his prostate, and started finger-fucking his asshole while he pumped his cock down my throat.

I felt him stiffen, and his cock gave a slight twitch, a signal that he was about to cum. I sucked faster and harder on him, and finger-fucked him faster. Soon, he erupted, sending streams of creamy jism down my throat.

“Wow, that was amazing,” Joey panted.

“If you think that was amazing, wait till you fuck my ass,” I replied. “You have such a beautiful cock.”

“Oh, I’m sorry, I haven’t been a very good host. I let you blow me and I haven’t even asked you to take off your jockstrap. Here, let me help you with that,” he said, and reached down to my already dripping and swollen member. He gave it a squeeze and took off my jockstrap, and started pumping me. I gasped as his ministrations sent jolts of electricity throughout my body. He continued to milk my cock until drops of pre-cum leaked out of the slit, dripping down his moving hand. He stopped pumping me, his hand wet with my pre-cum, and started licking the pre-cum from it. He bent down and kissed me passionately. I could taste my pre-cum on his breath, and I began to move my hand all over his body. 

He moved down my body, and gave lightning-quick flicks of his tongue on my nipples. I gasped as the sensations ran wild all over my body. He continued his way southward, till he reached the area right between my abdomen and pubic bone. He started raining kisses all over the area, and I went wild, almost screaming like a bitch in heat. He took my swollen member, first in his hand, then in his wet mouth. He pumped vigorously up and down my shaft until he had it glistening wetly, like a well-oiled piston. Suddenly he took his mouth away from my cock, and told me to get on all fours. I was only too happy to oblige.

Once I got on all fours, he spread my ass out, exposing the little brown hole. I shivered in anticipation, and suddenly I felt his tongue slither up and down the crack of my ass, brushing against my bunghole. I moaned, signaling my desire for his tongue in my ass, and soon he was tongue-fucking my ass with no mercy. I was in heaven!

He reached for a condom, tore the package open, and unrolled the condom over his member, which was now fully recharged and ready to pound me good. He first inserted a finger in my ass, twisting and rolling it around, loosening my hole. I moaned in ecstasy as he withdrew and inserted two fingers. Finally, he withdrew, and he prepared to mount my ass. I could feel the cock head pressing, and I pressed back against him. It slid in, and I gasped as his dick began entering, and I felt his balls hit mine, and his pubic hair against my ass. He slowly slid in and out, building up a rhythm.

I could hardly contain myself. “Oh, yes, Joey, fuck me hard with that monstrous cock of yours! Fuck me good, feed me that hard snake and make it vomit all over me! Oh, oh, ooooh!” I screamed, while Joey, encouraged by my words, began pumping me mercilessly. For how long, I had no idea. Maybe it was only a few minutes. Maybe it was for four hours. Whatever, I wanted this to go on forever!

He grunted, signaling that his orgasm was near. I quickly moved forward so that his cock got pulled out of my ass, turned around, and took off his condom. I licked the condom while I took his cock in my hand and pumped hard until he let loose another stream of cum, spraying all over my body. I leaned forward, letting his cum hit me everywhere – my face, my mouth, my hands, my chest. After the last drops of cum, he leaned forward, made me lie on my back, and started licking his cum from my body. He reached my cock again, and gave me a blowjob from hell. It didn’t take long, since I was so aroused, and I sprayed cum all over his tonsils and his mouth.

I lay back, and Joey joined me by my side, and we kissed each other. I could taste my cum in his mouth, and we swirled it round and round our mouths. Finally, we fell asleep, with our hands touching each other’s dicks. I knew there’d be more to cum…