 Please note that although this is a true story, I have omitted that we used condoms, we always play safe. Despite whatever Lucy may tell you.

*****************************************

Sometimes in winter, if we're not travelling, I go for long walks down the beach nearest to our house. Dave, my boyfriend, often stays at home but occasionally accompanies me. It sometimes takes me an hour just to get to the coast. There is usually nobody there, save for perhaps the odd dog walker. 

One time in summer some of our friends came and stayed, they were gay but a lot older than us and kept themselves, sexually at least, out of our way. We did the same, I guess they weren't our type and we didn't want to find out if we were to their liking. They had been sunbathing to the beach but went by car, the walk was too far for them both ways and they took a load of stuff- picnic, flask, windbreaks and mats to lie on. On their return, they told us they had parked alongside a car and the driver was naked. I smiled politely, thinking perhaps he hadn't got his top on as it can get warm round here but they were adamant he was completely nude, sat in his car, and hadn't paid them any attention. That part I could believe.

One fine, clear sunny but cold day I set off, taking the main road to the beach. During the week I didn't often see many cars, this day was no exception, and I cut off the road as usual to a track that leads through a small wood and to the back of the beach. The tide was quite high so I looked both ways and there was no one around. I turned right and headed along the narrow strip of sand that was dry enough to walk on with the sea to my left and the wooded area to my right. About 10 minutes or so on foot, the path continues along the beach or turns in to the woods and leads to a car park. I looked through the trees, or their branches as they were leafless, and saw a solitary car parked up. I headed through the woods towards it, thinking the owner(s) would be some way down the beach and probably walking a dog or two. But as I got nearer, I realised there was someone in the passenger seat and hoped I hadn't come across some courting couple who might think I was a voyeur, so I approached from an obvious angle so they could see me. 

I could hear the engine was running too so thought they might also be readying themselves to leave. As I got nearer, I saw there as a guy in the driver's seat and he appeared to not be wearing a shirt. If that was the case, then with the temperature outside I understood why his engine was running, for the heater if nothing else. I wondered if he had participated in some activity in the sea with a wet suit and was warming up before dressing. I got close enough to see he was indeed shirtless, with cute nipples and he smiled at me.

He was a good looking guy, dirty blond hair and about 35 years of age, average build with a no hair on his chest that I could see. He pressed the button for his electric window and it lowered, so curiosity got the better of me and I went and said hello. As I looked down, there was a small towel over his lap, his legs appeared to be also bare.

"Been for a dip in this weather?" I asked.

He pushed the back of his chair down and stretched out his legs, moving the chair backwards too so I could see, under the small towel, he had nothing on and was hard as a rock. The towel raised a little of its own accord, or at least without help from his hands.

"No," was all he said. And to be honest, it was all he needed to say, I coolly and casually walked round the car and got in the passenger side. I was just about to place my hand on the mound of throbbing meat under the towel when a car began to pull in the car park, this time it was indeed a couple with 2 dogs in the back.

"Let's go for a drive," he said and with that, he adjusted his seat and we set off. It was a strange sight, him wearing only the small towel and yet worrying about a traffic infringement and so buckling up his seat belt, checking that I had done the same. I had no idea where we were going and I knew Dave would find him attractive if perhaps a little forward.

"What do you like?" I asked. I don't usually ask, taking things as they come (or cum) but thought if I knew what he was looking for, it might make things easier.

"I like being sucked off and fucked, how about you?" he said.

"I think we can oblige if you want to meet my boyfriend," I told him. 

"Is he good looking like you?" he asked me and, flattered as I was, I described Dave's build, said most people found him cuter than me, and described his shaved, cut little cock and how good he could be with it.

I wasn't too surprised that he agreed to come back and I rang Dave, telling him only that I'd explain everything in 10 minutes but to get naked. Then I gave my nude driver directions to our house, unsure of whether I should start touching him as he was driving. I resisted but really wanted to see what was still standing to attention under that towel. The drive was short and I was amazed that he too was English like us, living in France, albeit down south, but taking advantage of a trip to Paris and the mild weather to flash his sexy body to us friendly northerners. 

We pulled on to our drive, the house isn't overlooked, and I got out first to check he could walk from the car to our door without dressing. He held the towel in front of him but I noticed the smoothness and soft curve of his butt cheeks as he climbed out of the car. He followed me inside and I shouted to Dave to find where he was. He shouted back from the bedroom down the hallway so I headed in that direction and our guest, who still hadn't told me his name, followed.

To say Dave had started without me isn't exactly true but as I entered the bedroom he was already sprawled out in the middle of the bed, atop the quilt, boner at the ready. He had shaved only the day before so was completely bald on his chest, stomach, underarms and of course his rock hard tool, smacking against his lower torso with a drip of precum waiting. There were 2 glasses of sparkling plonk poured at the side of the bed and I saw the lube and poppers.

"We're missing a glass," I said and he looked at me quizzically as our friend entered the room behind me. Dave looked completely surprised but as he gave our guest a good once over, and our guest had dropped the towel in the hallway revealing his own hard tool, he visibly relaxed.

"I'll go," I said and ran back to the kitchen for a third glass and removing my own clothes as I did so. I returned, cock solid and totally nude like the other two, and they had already introduced themselves insofar as they were busy sixty nine-ing each other. The visitor had Dave's cock totally down his throat (Dave is only just over 5 inches when hard) and I could see that the other guy was too long for Dave to do the same to. He was probably seven inches like myself, and cut like Dave. He was slowly lifting his hips and lowering them so his cock was sliding in and out of Dave's mouth and his very smooth, bronzed and shapely butt was facing me. I put the third glass with the others and poured drink for each of us as they greedily sucked away, I noticed both of them glance at me for my approval. They didn't need it, I wholeheartedly approved and was ready to join in.

I went back round to the visitor's smooth crack and rang my fingers down it a couple of times, and he opened his legs to allow me to do so. No need for detail here but I checked he was clean.

I parted his cheeks, and tongued his hole a little as he gently rocked his cock into Dave's face, back and forth. Even with his mouth full, he made a noise of approval so I let them carry on and tongued some more.

"What's your name and how do you want to play this?" I asked.

I thought he said he was called Lucy, not the first guy I've come by with that name, I knew one in London, but with his throbbing hard on, this was no shemale. 

"Dave's gonna fuck you, Lou," I said. "Nice tan, by the way."

"Lanzarote," he said. I smiled as we too had been recently and we too had got an all over tan. And some cock action.

I took a swig of my drink and laid down next to Dave so Lou could take my cock in his mouth instead of Dave's and I was pleased after he stopped sucking Dave's cock that he too took a drink of the sparkling wine. It adds an inexpensive touch of class to any fuckfest.

Dave wriggled out from under Lou and I took his cock in my mouth, it was as bald and smooth and bronze as his arse, and not too wide which was great, I love long, thin shaved cut cocks. (Or short thin cut cocks. And they needn't be cut. Or thin. You get the drift.)

We all took another drink from our glasses and Dave popped the end of his finger up Lou's hole, it wasn't that tight after I'd loosened it with my saliva. He nestled his cock in his crack as we continued our gyrations, his shaft moving up and down between the parted cheeks. He slapped both buttocks playfully which elicited another moan of approval.

Dave got the lube and poppers and made sure plenty of lube was smeared carefully around Lou's ring and I spread his cheeks as I sucked. I wiggled free and turned through 180 degrees so I could kiss Lou and was underneath him, our cocks touching and no sooner was his warm and firm tongue searching my mouth than he froze momentarily. I knew he'd just been penetrated and I knew Dave would go gentle, pausing for the mancunt to adjust at its own pace to having his tool inside him.

I knew I had heard him correctly when he told us his name, so I whispered in his ear "wanna be a naughty girl?"

"Hmmmm," he said.

Dave was too high up to hear what I'd said and was concentrating, as he does, on satisfying Lou's arse without shooting too quickly but he gave me a dirty smile. I reached for the poppers and took a large sniff, holding them to Lou so he could do the same, I thought he'd emptied the bottle with the size of the inhalation he took. I fumbled around for the lube which Dave handed to me, and I squeezed a large amount on my fingers and applied it to my own ass crack and ring, including just inside. I opened my mouth widely so Lou's tongue could really enter as far in as he could stick it, hoping he would get the analogy. And then I manoeuvred myself under him a little more so that rock hard cock helmet of his that he wanted sucking could get really sucked. By my asshole.

Well the lube did the job as I put one hand on the back of his head and pulled his face as far into mine as I could. He certainly put the anal into the analogy as at the same time, his helmet glided into my slippery arsehole. As I said, he was longer than Dave but not any wider so I hoped he'd take it gently. Because Dave is short he loves to come right above my prostrate and the feeling and vibrations of his spunk shooting over it usually is enough to trigger my own man orgasm. 

Lou slid in further and Dave had by now settled himself in his arse, where Lou's ring was clamping down tight on Dave's cock. He took the poppers and took a sniff, instantly warming and letting Lou feel he benefit of the rush of volume to his dick. Me and Lou did the same, loosening me to take another couple of inches of cock up my arse and Lou had double advantage as he swelled in me and relaxed round Dave's cock a little so he could thrust himself a bit more.

"You want to juice me, Lucy?" I asked Lou, flattering his crazy desire to be treated like a fucking girl. I can be a cum slut too and if that fake thought he wasn't going to give me what I wanted- needed- at that moment in time, he was sadly mistaken. But the flattery worked, and indeed juicing me was just what he had in mind.

"Let my hole suck you off as Dave fills your mancunt," I said, and clamped my ring tight around his shaft as he moved it to and fro.

Dave slapped his arse again, playfully and I whispered some sweet nothing in his ear about what a naughty girl he'd been. He fucking loved it, so much so that he began to climax without warning, crying something out through gritted teeth. I felt his cock explode within me, further up and in than Dave does, but knew there was a good volume, and as I was reaching down to wank myself off, I heard Dave's breathing quicken so knew he was about to fill Lou's ass up bigtime.

Now not a drop was spilt, I guess we were just a pair of spunk lovers together and it was far enough in not to leak but I still had my own hard on to attend to as the 2 others softened and slipped out of the respective holes.

However, Lou took my cock in hand and circled his thumb around my leaking piss slit before curling his shoulder upwards and being his head to take my knob end in his mouth. I instantly let go, filling his mouth with my cream, I don't think there was much but it was very fresh, and I was disappointed when I pulled him back to kiss me that he'd already swallowed the lot.

We fell in a naked heap and rested a while, Dave and I finished our wine but Lou didn't as he was heading back to Paris in the car. Eventually, he got up and left the room, I thought he'd gone to the bathroom but remembered he had only worn the small towel which he had dropped in the hall, we heard the engine start and the car drove away.

To this day I don't know where he dressed, if at all, and hope he covered himself on the short walk across the driveway from our house to the car, we aren't overlooked, but neighbours do pass from time to time.

Anyway it was dirty, it was unexpected, it was hot and it was certainly fun. I walk that way often now... and always check out the car park!