 I appreciate all the comments I've gotten and the friends I have made through my stories. Please feel free to become another friend or post a comment!

Gary and I really haven't known each other all that long. Actually we met only recently.  He had sent me a short note letting me know of his appreciation for my erotic writings. After a few correspondences, we figured we could actually be real life friends. Could there be more?

Gary was kind of tied down to his business. So it was up to me to come up with a way for us to get together. After some back and forth emails, trying this date or that, I finally found an open space in my schedule – and a cheap flight to the airport nearest Gary's hometown. It was a date, I'd fly out and he would pick me up and plan an evening.  Since we had not agreed to sex, this was just going to be a friends night out.

On the appointed day, I made all the phone calls I needed to, scheduled my men for the following work day and left work an hour and a half early to catch my flight. Only a two hour flight, I had a couple of cocktails on the way and entertained myself with my iPod to make the time pass. I could feel myself relaxing more and more as my flight progressed.

My flight arrived on time. I left the plane and headed to the gate. There was Gary holding a sign that just said "Birch". It almost made me laugh, what had started as a nickname in college had become my erotica "nom de plume" on the internet. I silently wondered if anyone else had caught on.

After a hearty handshake and a couple of backslaps, we were heading to Gary's car ion the airport's out lot. Ordinarily, I'd be nervous about a meeting like this. Between the emails we'd had and the in-flight cocktails, I had the feeling this was a new friend who just felt like a friend I'd known forever.

Gary suggested we go to a dinner theater place he was well acquainted with. We could enjoy a good meal, some conversation and a live play as a topper. It sounded like a great evening. We stowed my travel pack and ever present camera bag into his car and off we went.

Once we got to the appointed place, I quickly realized that Gary knew everyone there – and everyone knew and loved Gary. We were both treated like visiting royalty – a gesture I surely appreciated.  

We split a bottle of a wine that he had suggested while I dined on a delicate Filet of Sole creation. Gary enjoyed a Shrimp Vera Cruz dinner that looked scrumptious. 

Dinner over, we both had coffees while preparations for staging the play were readied. The theater lights flicked on and off announcing the pending start of the evening's performance. 

Already relaxed, Gary said "You didn't mention what hotel you'd booked. If you'd like, you can spend the night at my place."

"I was hoping you'd ask." I replied. 

At the same time, my heart pounded a bit for the first time that day. My cock also stirred in my slacks.

We enjoyed the show immensely. We both got up to use the gent's room at the intermission. When we returned to our seats, I looked around to make sure no one else could hear me.

"I'm thinking of some ways to pay you back later for your hospitality." I said.

"And I can't wait to thank you for coming out here." he replied.

This was a done deal. We'd be getting some cock tonight. Quite honestly, from that point on, I could hardly wait for the play to be over. It was all I could do to restrain myself from dropping my hand into his lap to see if he was excited as I was about the evening yet to come.

Soon enough, the play ended and we headed to Gary's car. Thanking our evening's hosts for making this a great evening as we exited the theater.

We were both a bit quiet once we got in his car and headed to his place. I decided to break the ice and reached over into his lap to fondle his goodies. His cock stirred instantly and hardened almost as quickly.

I ran the fingers of one hand up and down his cock while my other hand sought out and found his balls. He moaned while driving and slid back into the seat to allow me to better access to continue what I was doing. He reached over to return the favor, but I stopped him saying "Keep your eyes on the road. It'll be your turn soon enough."

We got to his place in about 15 minutes. After a quick tour of his well-appointed abode, I asked if I might take a quick shower to wash away my workday. "Want company?" he asked.

With a smile and a nod I said,"That could be fun." And we headed to his bathroom, stopping for extra towels on the way.

He started the water in the oversized shower while I stripped. He turned back to me in time to see me left in only my underwear, my cock gently tenting the fly. I pulled my briefs off and let my cock spring free to Gary's appreciative gaze. 

Stepping into the shower, I left the door open while I watched him strip down, too. It looked like the attention I had given to him in the car had him a bit more excited than I was. His cock was fully hard – ready for action. Mine raised a notch then, too.

Stepping into the shower with me, we both rinsed off. Taking the soap in his hands he worked up a generous handful of lather and immediately took a hold of my cock and balls. The slick feeling of his sudsy hands had me as hard as iron in seconds.

Returning the favor, I lifted his cock with one hand and soaped up his testes with the bar of soap in my other. Repeatedly I lifted and dropped his sac with the bar of soap while he stroked the length of my erection with his soapy fingers.

Reaching down with the soap, I ran a corner of the bar across Gary's anus. He moaned in pleasure. Realizing I had hit a nerve in him, I released the cock in my hand and rubbed my slick palm up and down his shaft. I moved to trace his asshole with my soapy finger while we stroked each others shafts. "Careful" Gary said, "I'm still a virgin there."

Well, he might have been a virgin, but I knew he liked the treatment he was getting from me right now. Circling his anus, I gently teased his nether hole to open up just a bit. Then I penetrated him with just an inch or so of my digit. I thought he would cum on the spot.

Backing away just a half step, I allowed the water to rinse the suds from his tool. Then I knelt down on the floor of the shower and sucked his penis into my mouth. I detected the slightest taste of pre-cum as I moved my mouth up and down, again and again. Reaching back I nudged his rear hole with my middle finger as I continued my oral ministrations on his cock.  The warm water flowed over us both as I worked on pleasing my newfound friend.

"Stop" He asked "I don't want to cum just yet. If you keep this up, I'm going to lose it any second now."

I got up off the shower floor and took a turn under the shower spray. Closing my eyes for a second as the water sprayed my face. As I turned back, my hard cock nudged Gary's cheek. It was his turn to please me for a while.

He lifted my cock and licked me from the base of my scrotum to the tip of my cock. He did this three or four times, then he completely deep-throated me in a single motion. Back and forth, my cock reached into his throat as his nose touched my pubic hairs then withdrew so that only the head of my penis was still in his mouth.

Each time Gary pulled back, his tongue swirled around the flaring head of my cock. Occasionally he would just lick and suck only the head for five or six strokes, and then he would resume his deep sucking of my cock. I could feel my pulse rate rising rapidly and my balls gather up preparing to spew forth their load into his mouth.

Neither of us wanted to stop now, but we both knew that the game would be hotter if we put a brief hold on the action. I withdrew from his mouth and lifted him to his feet. It was time to turn off the shower before we both turned into prunes.

It was a good thing we had grabbed some extra towels on our way to the shower. I handed one to Gary, threw one over my shoulders, started drying him off with another, then I dropped a fourth one to the tile floor. I worked from a position on my knees drying his legs and feet while his still-hard cock bumped my face, neck and ear.

I dried his cock and balls, and then I put his erection back into my mouth for another round of sucking fun. I concentrated my licking to the inch or so just below the head of his tool. All the while, I maintained a good sliding suck action in and out of my wanton mouth. 

Now it was his turn for his heart rate to flutter. His breathing quickened. His cock began to swell slightly more. I looked up at Gary. By the look on his face, I could tell that this was pure bliss for him. I reached up to lightly grasp his loose balls with my hand as I continued sucking and tonguing his cock. 

Pulling off for just a moment, I said "Look me in the eyes." Then I returned his sex to my mouth.

He looked down into my eyes. Watching his penis sliding in and out of my mouth, there was nothing he could do. Nothing but cum. I felt him get even harder in my mouth for just a second. Then I felt the first generous pulse of warm sperm splash on my tongue. Pulling him from my mouth, I jacked his cock rapidly as he shot three ropes of hot semen onto my face. Not missing a beat, I put his still squirting penis back into my mouth. He pushed his cock deep into my mouth as he continued to drain the contents of his balls into my oral receptacle.

I continued to suck him but licked more gently as his orgasm subsided and his cock slackened. I only let him loose from my mouth when his last drop was spent and his penis was thoroughly cleaned.

Sighing deeply, Gary looked at me for a moment and said "Stand up. There's something I've always wanted to do."

I rose from the floor and Gary gently, thoroughly licked his cum from my face. And this was only the end of the first act of the night.