 This is my first time ever writing a story, and it's basically all true with name changes. There's at least one more part to it (I had no idea how easily these things can get so long). If there's any interest I may release the second part. This happened awhile ago, but this sub's got me thinking bout one of my old coworkers. Also, I'm sure it's a fetish but this doesn't actually have to do with me delivering pizzas. 

Some background first:

I worked a pizza delivery job at the jersey shore every summer during college. It was kinda awesome. The pay was great and my grandparents had a second floor beach house there. So long as I kept their place nice and didn't mind being forced to sleep wherever I could find when family visited I could live there rent free. So, about half the time I was sleeping on a couch, waiting for aunts and uncles and cousins to go to sleep, and the other half I had the place completely to myself. One weekend the summer after my junior year I had the place to myself with the caveat that both of the neighbors (who have known my grandparents and me my whole life and one of whom complains about everything) were also in town, and a family with kids had rented the place underneath my grandparents'. 

My best friend the whole time I delivered was Jack. Jack was a cook who'd worked at the pizza place since he was a kid. He was technically a "local" but his parents' place was a 45 minute drive away so he lived in a complex attached to the pizza place, with a couple foreign workers, a muslim pervert, and Tim, who'd worked there nearly as long as Jack and was a year ahead of me. It was a pretty shitty place, with no a/c and just a general smell of pizza and fish (a seafood restaurant was next door). 

And because sex later: I was 21 about 6'2, thick long brown hair and was probably the fittest I've ever been that summer. Tim was a year ahead of me and a good 5 inches shorter than me, but he was fuckin ripped. 

And Jack—well first of all Jack has the cutest and fucking sexiest grin I've ever seen. He's about a year younger than me with short blonde hair and a tongue ring. He was kinda lanky at 5'11, but he was just so cocky that you never really noticed. He had every waitress wrapped around his finger. The only reason he wasn't drowning in pussy is because he'd been banned from fucking any more waitresses (the last apparently didn't end well) and with the hours he worked he didn't have much time to date. We became super close very quickly, and it didn't take me long to learn that his cockiness was mostly an act. But I gotta admit whenever he turned his grin on me I'd kinda melt, and he knew it. It didn't help that it usually came right before he suggested another beer or shot or bong rip. 

Jack was also the first coworker I came out to my second summer there, and honestly I was kinda worried about how a working class Jersey boy would take it. But it couldn't have gone better—he had no problem or hang ups about it and was super supportive. By the end of the summer he'd actually told me about having a threesome with Nick, one of his buddies I'd met, and told me straight up that he'd want to try messing around with me, but he'd never ask me to. I'd started dating a guy that semester (who I dated for two more years after this stuff happened) and he knew I'd never start anything, but he also knew there was no I would say no if he asked me with that grin. 

Anyhoo, the Thursday before that weekend Jack asked me if I'd have my place to myself. Basically whenever Jack could chill with me he did—he worked six days a week and loved getting out of his hot, shitty cabin. We'd play smash brothers and mario kart, drink and smoke and relax, he'd often spend the night in an extra bed cause I wasn't begrudging him the a/c. That weekend he was having some friends from home (Nick who I'd met and he'd had threesome with and another kid Chris) over to go to a party at some chick's place, and he wanted to know if they could pregame at my place and I could join. He figured we'd go to the party at 11, and I said it was fine except we have to be quiet for the people underneath me and the noisy neighbors (I was pretty adamant about there being no reason for my grandparents to regret having me stay there), which he said was no problem.

So, 10:00 roles around when I hear my door thudding and open it to Jack holding a case of beer on his shoulder and a handle of fireball. Tim followed him, then Nick who's kinda an averagely attractive nerd personified, then a guy who was already stoned out of his mind and his gf (never caught their names, made out the whole time they were there), then Chris. Chris was a big guy—he was as tall as me but probably had 25 pounds on me and was built like a tank. He was also a big personality, giving me a bro hug (he reeked of axe) when Jack introduced us and was the first to call for shots. 

We played drinking games and smoked and by 11 we were all pretty hammered. Nick knew the girl hosting the party, and he was texting her to find out the address. By 11:30 she got back to him that they couldn't host and asked if they could come to us. When I found out there were 6 chicks and three of their boyfriends I said no way—my place was already crowded with 6 people drinking in it, 15 would feel like a rager. I could tell they were all disappointed, especially Jack who didn't really have any other options for his friends. They couldn't party at the pizza shack apartment, and Tim quickly found out his latest fuck bud's parents were home and so they couldn't use her massive house. I told them they're all welcome to stay as long as they wanted but I wouldn't have another 9 people over. While Jack was trying to figure out with his friends what to do the random couple just kinda left (nick apologized for bringing him, apparently he'd had some h). By like 12:30 they decided to just chill and pass out at my place, at which point Tim left cause he had to work the next morning. 

I could tell Jack and Nick were disappointed, but Chris was pissed. When he found out the girls couldn't host he started pacing and calling them lying bitches, and when I said they couldn't come over he got totally silent for the first time all night. When it was just me and the three of them I went to take a piss, and I heard Chris start to whisper/shout and only word I know I definitely heard was "faggot". I took bit of time to let him cool off and when I came out I suggested we role a joint and smoke some cigs. Jack and Nick were totally cool and acted like nothing happened, and Chris had definitely cooled off and was back to talking, but I started to notice him staring at me in quick bursts but he'd never look away just when I looked at him. After a bit we headed in and played some yahtzee, and as we played Chris kept staring at me longer and more openly—I could tell Jack and Nick were avoiding noticing and I didn't know how to react and got a little flustered. When we finished the game it was 1:30. I was really drunk and didn't know how to respond to Chris, so told the guys I needed to pass out and they should just find some beds or blankets whenever they're ready to. 

When I stood up I was drunker than I realized, so I went to the bathroom looked at the toilet and booted—made me feel ten times better, but still pretty far gone (also I'm positive nobody knew—one of my proudest accomplishments is being the most subtle drunk vomiter possible). I brushed my teeth and went to my main bedroom with a bottle of seltzer water. I stripped down to my briefs, put a tiny trash can by the side of the bed and crawled under the covers feeling the spins. I could hear the guys talking and watching tv, then after a bit Chris said really loudly "I need to take a piss."

I could hear him walk right past the door to my room and then he must've left the bathroom door open cause I could hear how hard he was pissing from in bed. I felt like as soon as the sound stopped i heard the doorhandle to my room turn and the hallway light come bursting in. I turned over feeling half conscious when it closes again and its pitch black. 

"You up, Danny?"

I usually go by Dan and introduced myself as Dan,but Jack always calls me Danny and his friends took to it right away. So when I heard Chris say it I got a little startled.

"Barely man, whats up?" I replied and reached for the light next to my bed. I flipped it on and Chris was standing right next to me by the bed, his soft thick dick hanging out of his cargo shorts with a drop of piss still on the tip. He was probably 4" soft but I could tell he was growing, and when I looked up at him he was staring at me like he had been all night.

"Taste it dude" he told me as loudly as when he was talking to the whole group. 

"What the fuck man" I mumbled shocked and tried to turn over to the other side of the bed and lift myself out but he quickly grabbed me by the arm and pulled me back on my back. He clasped his hand over my mouth, climbed up on the bed putting his knees on my arms positioning his balls right at my chin and his semi-hard dick getting harder every second pointing right at my mouth. I could still see the bead of piss on the tip and it looked like it'd fall off any second. 

"Look at me faggot" he growled and I stopped struggling and finally kept eye contact with him, and I could finally see just how furious he was. 

"I know you kept the pussy away so you could get this all to yourself. Well you're lucky I got blue balls bitch, cause you're going to get it."

He took his hand off my mouth and I immediately yelled for Jack but he covered my mouth again, and then he slapped my balls hard behind him, keeping my yelp quiet in his hand. 

"Don't fuckin play with me fag" he hissed at me "Jack told me how thirsty you are for him, I saw how you were looking at all the dudes all night, you fuckin need this don't you."

I tried to mumble fuck you through his hand but he slapped my balls again and I felt like i was going to puke from the pain.

"So be a good faggot and suck a real man's dick." he whispered like he was trying to sound sexy and he gently touched my aching balls in threat as he slowly took his hand off my mouth. His dick was at full staff probably lil bigger than mine but a lot thicker. 

"Lick it."

And so drunk with my head spinning and balls aching I looked past his dick up at his stare and stuck out my tongue and brought it to the tip of his dick. The bit of piss had gotten mixed with pre and it stuck to my tongue leaving a trail of pre that got on my lips. 

"Good boy" Chris said before he spit on my outstretched tongue. Then he grabbed my hair tight by the back of the head and pulled my mouth onto his dick and when he hit my throat he pushed till i gagged. Then he started to fuck my face harder than it ever had been before, and even though I was disoriented and scared and periodically getting gagged his dick was so thick and sweaty and leaking so much pre that it really turned me on. The whole time he was fucking my mouth Chris talked dirty in that same loud conversationalist tone: "yea cocksucker, fuckin open up that throat, gag on my meat bitch, shit aint never had a pussy suck like this before" etc, and honestly after bit that started to turn me on too. I'd never had anybody use me so selfishly before and it was hot. 

Eventually he went too deep and held it in too long and thankfully let go and moved quick enough for me to puke in the trash next to me. 

"White girl wasted" he laughed. 

I'd already got out just about everything in me, so the worst part was just the taste, which is why the seltzer helped (my drunk self is a great planner). As I was gargling the seltzer Chris touched my ass, which had finally come out of the covers and was showed off by my tight briefs as I was laying stretched out. I hadn't even noticed and as I spit out the last bit of water and felt normal again I immediately missed the taste of Chris' dick and pre. Till he slapped my ass hard and loud. 

Not to brag, but I know I have a nice perky bubble butt. When I saw Chris staring at it I realized that he wasn't really staring angrily at me, but more like a predator, and I knew what he was chasing. I looked down and realized he'd taken off his pants and boxers and his dick was hard and still wet. The head was so red it was almost purple and just covered in pre that was already starting to drip off. He saw me looking and, holding my ass with his left hand, reached over and grabbed me by the hair with his right, back onto his dick. 

"This is all the lube you're getting bitch, so make it count."

He was probably the thickest guy I've ever seen and the thought of him ramming into me made me clench right as he started fingering my hole under my briefs. He let go of my head.

"Go on get to work."

I started sucking him as deeply and messily as I could, gagging myself trying to get him covered with my deep spit, licking and drooling all over him. Chris yanked his fingers from my ass pulled down my briefs and grabbed my hair again. He stood up pulling my head over the side of the bed and said "look at me, faggot" as he stared and smeared my spit all over my face. Then he grabbed one of my pairs of dirty underwear from the floor (i wasn't expecting company) and shoved it in my mouth. He then walked around the bed and I felt his legs pushing mine apart. 

"Because I'm nice" he said before I heard him spit and then rub my ass like a pussy, sliding one finger all the way in then out. 

He put his whole weight on me as i felt his dick searching out my ass. Soon as he found what he was looking for he started pushing, and it felt like my ass was on fire. I screamed through my underwear and he grabbed me more by my jaw than mouth and pulled me in close to him as he bit and licked my ear. When the head popped in I thought he had split me open, but all of a sudden he relaxed how hard he was holding me and kissed me almost tenderly on my cheek, even as he still held my gagged face near his. He pushed in like an inch and I started crying it hurt so bad, and he pulled back to just the tip again and kept pushing back in each time a bit further. I could barely stand it it hurt so bad, but he never slowed down. By the time i could feel his balls hanging against my taint I could barely see through my tears. It felt so dry and hot when he first started, but by then he'd leaked so much pre that it didn't sting so much as just ache deep in me. Once he was balls deep though he really got started. He pounded me hard and deep and steady, slamming my butt cheeks with a slap on each thrust. 

I screamed as loud as when he when he started, but it took way less time than I would've thought for his dick to feel good then amazing. He was hitting my prostate just right and it felt like i was pissing i was leaking so much pre in my briefs.He started making quicker deeper thrusts and i swear I could feel the cum filling his dick. It pushes me over and i moan through my underwear and his hand as i shoot underneath him. Feeling me cum pushed him over the edge and he let go of my face grabbed my ass in both hands and sank as deep into me as he could, and literally roared as he kept shooting jizz in me for what felt like forever. He collapsed on my back and I thought for a moment he'd passed out. 

After bout a minute he rolled off of me and posted up against the headboard. 

"clean off my dick, bitch"

Without even thinking I pulled myself up and crawled over to him and started licking up from his balls to his shaft then swirling my tongue around the head. I'd never done ass to mouth before but it didn't taste nearly as bad as I worried it would. I wasn't expecting to get fucked tonight and hadn't thought to douche my ass, so I was glad there was no pieces of shit. Besides his cum and pre were the overwhelming thing I could taste and they were both so sweet. 

Chris pulled me down onto his half flaccid dick and I immediately start sucking, but he holds my head down. 

"You guys like watching huh?"

I looked over and realized the door was wide open and Jack and Nick were both standing there. Well, kinda. Nick was naked and jacking a huge hard dick, and Jack was leaning against the door watching us, stroking a very visible boner through his shorts. 

"Watch this."

And immediately a hot stream of piss shot into my mouth and Chris' hand got hard on the back of my head. 

"Better swallow if you don't want to make a mess, faggot."

So i did. Everything else shut out as I focused on drinking this stream, keeping my lips tight around his dick as I gulped. It kinda tasted like warm weak tea, which realization helped a lot. as the stream slowed down to a trickle he pulled my head off and dribbled the last bit on my hair and in my face. I know he stared at me the whole time cause he'd pull my hair if I looked away from him while I drank. But when he rubbed his wet dick all around my lips he smiled a little and winked at me. 

"Night guys," Chris said like nothing had happened before plopping down on the adjacent twin bed and passing out. I couldn't even move.

"How ya doing, Danny?"

I looked back at Jack, mortified and humiliated, but he just had that fucking grin.