 "Night guys," Chris said like nothing had happened before plopping down on the adjacent double bed and passing out. I couldn't even move.

"How ya doing, Danny?"

I looked back at Jack, mortified and humiliated, but he just had that fucking grin.

_________

I had no fucking idea what to say. I just had the most intense, kinky, and rapey fuck of my life. I was still laying on my stomach with my butt up in the air, hanging over my briefs that were now drenched in my cum. My face and bangs were wet with spit and sweat and piss. When I first heard Jack's voice I was just so embarrassed. Then he looked me in the eyes over that grin and any embarrassment disappeared—I just felt fucking sexy. I could feel Chris' load in me and I was as hard as ever. 

"Looked like you were having a good time, dude," Nick slurred, still slowly working his dick. Now, Nick's a really nice, down to earth guy, and his personality makes up a lot for kinda average looks. That dick, though. Like, closest I've seen to porn stars big. He realized I was staring.

"I think you'd like this too," and he came into the room and stood at the edge of the bed, still stroking.

Jack looked at Nick too and laughed, "I know right? What is it, Nick, like 8 inches?"

"You know it's 8.5 dude, you've choked on it," Nick said not even looking at him but me and my ass. 

That got Jack to stop grinning for a bit, till he looked back at me still laying where Chris left me and said, "you should put it on your face Danny, see just how big it is."

I couldn't help it, I smiled back. I pushed up from the bed and I turned so that my face was right at Nick's hard hanging dick. I gently grabbed and stroked his dick a bit which got a sharp breath out of him. Then I moved my chin down to where his dick and balls meet and let his dick go past my eyes and rest on my forehead. 

"Good, right?" Nick asked. He hadn't moved since I took his dick, letting me do whatever I wanted. I started licking and kissing his shaft while he was covering my face. 

"Fuuuuck dude," he hissed before taking his dick in his fist and putting his balls at my lips. "Give em some love bud".

I opened my mouth and started licking and sucking his balls. He pulled my lips apart when I tried to get both in at once and when I flicked my tongue between them he shouted "holy shit" which made Jack start cracking up. I probably would've too but I wasn't going to stop if I got that reaction. After bit more of me worshipping his balls and him jerking, Nick pulled my head back aimed his dick and started fucking my face. 

Jack sat down on the bed next to me, basically getting his face as close to mine as he could without getting in Nick's way, watching me take it. Nick had a good couple inches on Chris and he couldn't help gagging me more often. I know I should've been embarrassed, literally choking on a dick while my best friend watched, but seriously Jack can have the subtlest little curve in his cheeks and you know he's smiling just for you. That's how he was watching me take that dick and it made me want to suck it even more. When Jack lightly touched my lower back down to my ass I literally whimpered, which got a chuckle from Nick but not Jack. He rubbed and kneaded my asscheek for a bit then moved his hand under the front of my briefs and grabbed my rock hard dick. 

"Little accident, Danny?" he said and yeah—I hadn't really been paying attention but I came a lot when Chris fucked me and the front of my briefs were kinda soaked. I couldn't really answer while I was getting throatfucked, but Jack pulled down my briefs and took em off me. 

"Damn Danny, Chris made you explode," Jack laughed as he saw the tiny pools of cum that hadn't soaked in. 

Nick pulled me off his dick and stared at my briefs and back at me. "Dude, you came from getting fucked in the ass?"

"Yeah" I muttered, feeling my face get red. I'm pretty sure that's the first thing I'd said since Chris came in the room. 

Then I couldn't believe it, but Jack put a little of my cum on his finger and licked it. "That's some sweet jizz," he said and then got some more and offered it to Nick. Nick leaned down and sucked my cum off Jack's finger. 

"Definitely tasty juice, gay boy." It was the first time Nick had called me gay and it turned me on. I sucked the tip of his dick and made him shudder. He leaned over and smacked and grabbed my ass. Then he pulled out of my mouth and walked to the end of the bed. "Get over here, Dan I want that boy pussy," he said. I moved down and laid on my back with my ass hanging just off the bed. Nick pushed my legs up to my chest, then Jack came up on his knees behind me. He hadn't even taken his dick out yet, but I could see it clearly in his shorts and he had a small pre stain near the head. He had a big gob of my cum on 2 fingers and brought it to my mouth. I sucked his fingers slow. Nick leaned down then and kissed me hard right before he started raping my mouth with his tongue. He broke it off and his dick started coming at my hole. When he started pushing in I moaned and Jack stuffed my cum soaked briefs in my mouth. Then he grabbed my feet to hold me open for Nick.

It fucking hurt, but nowhere near what it was like when Chris fucked me. I was slick with his cum but still tight as fuck and Nick just eased into me relentlessly. By the time he was balls deep I was tearing up but i could take it. Nick probably took a minute on that first thrust and even that was pushing it. But every few seconds Jack would rub the inner sole of my foot with his thumb, and he wasn't grinning at me anymore but was staring at me intently, kinda like Chris had been but without any of the harshness, and way more caring, but still he'd bite his lip now and then and the pre stain kept getting bigger. Not that I really cared much because I kept trying to look up his shorts, cause no matter how far I saw I didn't see any underwear. 

Nick started pounding me. He didn't have the same power behind it as Chris, and was about as thick as me, but fuck he's still the biggest dick I've ever had. There's something intense about having a guy that thick and deep in you. 

After a bit Nick flipped me over. I was standing but arching my back on the bed so my ass was on display for him. Jack moved to the other side of the bed sitting against the headboard. He spread his legs out wide so his feet were on either side of my head. He started undoing his belt as Nick slammed his dick back in my ass. I tried to keep watching as Jack unbuttoned his shorts but Nick started pounding me so deep and fast I closed me eyes to focus on taking it. When I opened them Jack was out at full staff, long and thick and fucking uncut (my first uncut guy) with pre leaking from his hood. 

Nick went in balls deep and pushed all my weight down on the bed as he leaned onto me, and rested his chin on my shoulder, staring at Jack's dick with me. He pulled the briefs out of my mouth and started fucking me deep in slow short thrusts.

"How you like my dick, faggot" he whispered to me but loud enough for Jack to hear. I moaned as he went deep in me and gently bit my back. 

"I fucking love it Nick" 

He leaned in close and licked my ear and whispered so only I could hear him "Now tell me how bad you want *that* dick," and he nodded his head at Jack. Jack was stroking his foreskin so that when he stroked down I could see his red and wet dick head. Nick started thrusting deep again.

I'd basically abandoned any sense of humility in the last hour or whatever time it was,and Jack was looking intensely at me past his dick. It was right in between his face and mine cause he'd moved down the bed while he jacked, till he was basically laying down with his his knees bent so his legs weren't on my head. His balls were like a foot from my face. 

"Bad" I whispered in a moan. 

"What was that, Dan?" 

"I want that dick really bad," I almost shouted into the sheets.

"Whose dick" he whispered just to me again.

"Jack's" I said into the bed again.

"look at him and say it all"

So I pulled my head up and looked right at Jack's dick.

"I want Jack's dick so bad" That got his grin back. 

"Would you do anything he wanted to get it?" nick asked loud enough for both of us as he started slowly fucking me faster.

"Yes" I said.

"What if he wanted you to kiss his feet?" jack and nick laughed at that, and I didn't answer. But then Nick gave me a sharp thrust with a "well?" and Jack wiggled his toes in front of my face smiling. I could feel Nick getting close and he was trying to go slow to not bust. 

"Yes" I said. 

Nick was starting to shake when he whispered "You better get on that then bitch" and as he grabbed me under my shoulders shooting in me I kissed and licked the bottom of Jack's foot. 

I didn't feel like Nick came much but he came hard and it wiped him out. Soon as he stopped twitching in me he just said "fuck" pulled out, stood up and gave my ass a smack. He pushed Chris over onto the other side of the other double bed, climbed under the sheets and said "sorry I don't have to pee Dan." 

Me and Jack laughed and looked at each other past his foot still near my face. Literally seconds later Nick was snoring. Jack bopped my nose with his big toe, and smiled at me. 

"Wanna help me out of these clothes, bud?"