 I didn't feel like Nick came much but he came hard and it wiped him out. Soon as he stopped twitching in me he just said "fuck" pulled out, stood up and gave my ass a smack. He pushed Chris over onto the other side of the other double bed, climbed under the sheets and said "sorry I don't have to pee Dan."

Me and Jack laughed at that and looked at each other past his foot still near my face. Literally seconds later Nick was snoring. Jack bopped my nose with his big toe, and smiled at me.

"Wanna help me out of these clothes, bud?"

_____________________

I grinned back and pulled my legs up on the bed so I was sitting at his feet. I went to grab his shorts with both hands but he grabbed me by the wrists and his tongue tsk-tsked. He pushed my hands back down, let go and slowly took off his shirt while I watched. He has an actually pretty tasteful zelda triforce tattoo on his upper arm that he'd showed me before, and I had seen him shirtless, but still. He had a fucking long, lithe, fit torso and he looked like the hottest guy I've ever seen. He laid back down, still smiling at me. 

"Use your mouth."

I've already told you how close I am to Jack and how comfortable he made me. Now that it was just him and me (minus Nick's snores), I kinda felt like myself for the first time since Chris came in the room. I started getting more confident.

"So," I said matter of factly as I leaned down, arching my back so he could have a nice view of my butt. I gently kissed his calf right below his knee, then kissed him a few more times as I moved down. I rested my head sideways on his leg and looked up at him. 

"Did you actually want me to kiss your feet or was Nick just fucking with me?"

"Nick was fucking with me as much as he was fucking you," he laughed. His dick was still rock hard and a string of pre ran from the head to just below his belly button. I sat up and started rubbing his left foot in my hands. I knew he'd gone to get a pedicure with our super flamboyant bulgarian coworker the summer before on a dare. He'd gotten chewed out over it so much though, and got so embarrassed that a manager had to tell everyone to drop it. I'd figured it was a lark, but his feet were so smooth and soft I was pretty sure he'd been back recently. 

"That doesn't really answer my question," I said, brushing my thumb along his curling toes.

"The question is do *you* want to kiss my feet, you little fag," and he stuck his tongue out at me and the light caught the stud with a little flash. I could tell he was sounding defensive and he said fag like he would when he was trash talking during video games.

"That depends," I said as I kissed down his calf right to his ankle and flicked my tongue right above his foot. He gasped a little bit, grabbing his dick and pinching his nipple like he couldn't help himself. "Do you like it?" and I kissed the top of his foot.

"Fuck yes" he exhaled with a moan. 

Just to be clear, I really hadn't done anything kinky prior to that night. I'd never really thought about any guys' feet except if I noticed they were gross, and piss play had never even entered my mind. The best sex I'd had before that was great and everything, but the wildest it ever got was bareback with a boyfriend after a thorough ass cleaning. I didn't even consider myself particularly submissive—I'm vers and yeah I loved being fucked hard but I could get pretty rough when I topped too. I don't know if it was the booze and drugs or if it came out of fear when Chris first held me down and hit me or if I always could've been that submissive, I just know that by the time it was just Jack and me in my bed I wanted to do anything that'd make him feel good. 

I could tell me touching his feet made him feel really good, and for some reason I started thinking his feet looked sexy. They were bigger then I would've thought (later learned size 12), completely smooth and soft and pale. He had long toes, and the second one over was taller than his big toe, and all his toenails were well trimmed. I got under his foot and licked up from heel to toe, making him groan. I started french kissing his toes one at a time then as many as I could fit in my mouth at once, and I sucked on his big toe like it was a dick. He started humping at the air, stroking his dick with one hand and cradling his balls in the other. 

"Fuck, Danny," he moaned and pulled his foot away. He ran a finger between his foreskin and the head of his dick, getting it covered with his pre. He sat up and stuck the finger in my mouth, my head still down on the bed where I was worshipping his foot.  

"See what you're doing to me," he said as he slowly fucked my mouth and I kept sucking and swirling my tongue around his finger. His pre tasted delicious, salty and bittersweet and thick. He pulled out with a pop, leaned down and kissed me. Jack had told me he loves making out and that he's a great kisser—actually that was probably the closest we'd come to messing around before. I called bullshit, said he was all talk, and he looked at me for a minute like he was seriously considering shutting me up with his tongue—eventually he said something like it was too bad for me he'd never kiss a guy. That first, quick kiss, though. It was like he was making love to my mouth. His lips were soft and pliant but adamant too. It felt like his tongue was fucking mine and every now and then I could feel the stud rubbing hard along my tongue and clicking against my teeth. He'd go back and forth between clean shaven and having a chin strap beard, but by this point he'd settled on a chin patch that should've made him look like a douche but actually did a good job of making his chin look more defined. I loved how it tickled my chin. 

He broke off the kiss and I felt like I died a little. He was holding my face in his hand, rubbing my cheek with his thumb, and looking at me really sweetly. 

"You going to get my shorts off or not," he grinned and leaned back. 

I pulled his leg back to me and kissed the top of his foot with a little lick. Then I started doing that over and over as I moved up his sexy muscular and hairy calf, up to his smooth inner thigh, and I kept going under his shorts till my head was basically in the pants leg. Yeah, was pretty sure before but commando confirmed. I went back down and tugged at the hem of his shorts with my teeth. He picked his ass up and let me pull down bout half his shorts partway. Then I went back to his other foot and did the same thing with the other leg, so the shorts were basically hanging just below his ass. I went back up between his legs, running my face along the crotch of the shorts up to the open fly just below his dick and balls. I pushed my nose up against his taint and under his balls as I got the base of the zipper in my mouth and pulled the shorts down to his knees. He bent his knees and yanked em off the rest of the way. He spread out his legs kinda cockily as I was taking in the view: his full, hanging balls those legs leading all the way up to a hint of his ass, his dick pointing straight up hard at his face. His hands were behind his head and even his deep, hairy armpits were turning me on. I started sliding up towards his crotch but all of a sudden a hand was on top of my head. He sat up and kissed me again. Again, a fucking perfect kiss.

"Don't go anywhere I'll be right back," he winked at me holding my chin. 

I probably looked heartbroken or pathetic when I stuttered out, "wait, why? where're you going," cause he laughed and gave me an almost pitying but fond look. 

"I really really need to pee dude, I'll be right back," and he kissed me again and started to move to get up. I don't know what came over me—well, that's not entirely true, I'm pretty sure I'd never been so turned on in my life and I didn't want his ass going anywhere—but I pulled him back and grabbed his dick and held it up to my lips. Even fully hard his foreskin covered the head a good bit. It was soaked with his cum and I started licking and sucking at it. I could tell he loved it but was almost overwhelmed.

"I'm not kidding Danny, I really need to piss," he said actually seriously. 

"I know," I replied, nervous for the first time in awhile. I wasn't sure if it'd gross him out what I was willing to do, but I was pretty sure he never stopped rubbing his dick when Chris made me swallow his piss. I hadn't really minded the taste, and the thought of feeling Jack's dick unloading in my mouth got me excited.

"You sure?" he asked almost concerned. I just licked the tip of his foreskin again. He bit his lip and inhaled. 

"Ask me," he said with a no-nonsense, commanding voice. 

I hesitated and he made like he was going to move, "please piss in my mouth, Jack," I said way louder than I intended. That fucking grin. 

"Ok, put it in your mouth but stop sucking me it's hard enough going when I'm hard," so I held his dick about halfway in my mouth, forcing myself not to lick inside his sticky hood. I could feel Jack tense under me and his dick pulse in my mouth. He grunted as I felt the first shot of piss leak out his foreskin. I kept it in my mouth, actually savoring its salty watery taste. He grunted more as he forced another couple shots out his boner and I started swallowing. I could feel his dick starting to get soft in my mouth as he ran his fingers through the back of my hair and said "get ready, Danny."

I wasn't though. It was like he turned on a hose in my mouth and it started leaking out before I caught up to it. I gulped it down as fast as I could while Jack moaned his release. 

When he was finished I started sucking his semi as hard and wet as I could. He was back at a full boner in like 10 seconds. Then he grabbed my head with both hands and started humping my face, pushing down my throat and growling when I started to choke. He yanked me off and slapped my open mouth and outstretched tongue with his dick. 

"You liked that huh?" he said, still rubbing his dick over my face.

"Yes," I gasped. He pulled me up next to him and put my head on a pillow. Then he held my cheeks hard in his hand, holding my face to look at him. Then he started rubbing the bit of piss on my chin and all my spit all over my face and then invaded my mouth with 4 of his wet fingers. Then he grabbed my cheeks again, making me pucker my lips. 

"You really are a dirty faggot, aren't you Danny." It wasn't a question, and he didn't say it like he was trash talking. Just everything in his voice and face dripped disdain. For a moment I felt totally worthless and humiliated and I regretted ever even meeting Jack and his friends. The cherry on top of this depressing moment was Jack spitting in my mouth like Chris had done. 

At that point Jack was on his side looking down at me next to him, but after he spit in my mouth he jumped between my legs, pushing them apart with his knees, and kissed me the longest and deepest he had yet. He bit at my lip and tongue and it felt like his tongue was looking for every hidden corner of my mouth, but not like Nick's tongue rape. We were sharing spit and I could still taste his piss and pre, but it was probably the most passionate kiss I've ever had (except later times he kissed me). His whole body was on top of me and he grinded his dick against mine as we made out. We were both sweaty and sliding all over each other. I went from possibly the lowest I'd ever felt to cloud 9 in a heartbeat. Right before he broke it off he gave me the tenderest kiss on the lips. 

He pushed my legs down and straddled my chest. He rubbed his leaking dick all along my lips while I kissed at it. He pushed past them, grabbing the headboard behind me for leverage, and started to fuck my face. After bit he pulled out so I could catch my breath, but as I was gasping for air he scooted further up and pushed me down so his balls were on top of my nose. I didn't need an invitation, and immediately started licking and sucking the base of his balls and his taint. I grabbed onto his ass so I could pull myself as deep into him as I could and all I could see or smell or taste was his balls and taint. He pushed his hips forward and I knew what he wanted. When my tongue found his hole he moaned.

"Fuckkkkk, Danny," he said, pushing his ass deeper in my face while he jerked. I pulled his cheeks apart trying to get my tongue as deep in him as I could. "yeah you little slut, eat my ass, fuck yeah Danny that feels so good."

I honestly don't think I'd been rimming him for more than a minute before he started panting and said "fuck, Danny, I'm coming" and he swung a leg over me and aimed his dick at my face. The first shot covered me from my bangs to my cheek right over my eye, the second mostly got in my open mouth except for a bit that hit my nose lips and chin. After that he pushed his dick in my mouth and I sucked him as he shot another 4 or 5 big ropes of cum. 

"Don't swallow it," he said as he shot the last bit, finally sounding like his normal self. I didn't mind. It was bitter but almost creamy and it turned me on to keep tasting it. He pulled out his softening dick and gave me a little slap on the cheek with it. 

"Open up, lemme see," he said grinning, so I did. My mouth felt full to burst with all his jizz. He leaned down and started french kissing me, and we pushed his cum back and forth between his mouth and mine while his face got smeared with the facial he just gave me. Eventually we stopped and both swallowed a good bit. Then he wiped up the jizz that was still on my face and fed it to me. 

"I think you got some on me too" he said laying back. I got up and licked and kissed all along his cheeks and jaw where his cum had smeared. When I started kissing his neck he grabbed me by the ass and pulled me in close so I was laying on his side. He held me for a bit and we were both quiet as he ran his fingers along my back and I touched and admired his chest. We were both kinda zoning out and I might've passed out like that if he hadn't broken the silence. He leaned down his head and gave me a light kiss on the lips.

"So, seriously, how're you doing Danny?" And he wasn't grinning or kidding this time, he wanted to know. But if I had no idea how to answer that when I realized him and Nick had watched me get my brains fucked out I had even less of an answer now. I'd sweated off a lot of my drunkenness, but was still fucked up, and my mind was spinning with all that'd just happened and I was finally starting to notice my eye was stinging from his cum. And the way he asked me brought back that feeling of embarrassment and fear from when I first heard his voice. Then he pulled me in closer to him and I pushed my face against his chest. 

I didn't know it would but my voice was shaking like I was about to cry when I finally said "I don't know."

"You don't know, huh," he whispered while still rubbing my back and then kissing the top of my head. "Any guesses?" he tried to say as lightheartedly as he could. 

I started to breathe heavily and I so did not want to cry cause I knew that'd make the idea I just had and had to say more likely to be true but I couldn't help stuttering out like my voice was about to break "I'm kinda terrified that I just lost you as a friend."

"Hey, hey, none of that," I knew my eyes were starting to tear up and I didn't want him to see but he put his hand under my chin and raised my eyes up to his, "you are my *best* fucking friend dude. I can't tell you how bad I miss you when you leave every year, and you know that." 

I don't know why—it was probably built up from the beginning of the night—but I started to feel as angry as I was sad and pulled away from Jack and laid on my back next to him holding my fingers tight against my eyes as I said "that's bullshit dude."

I couldn't bring myself to look at him but I could hear how hurt he sounded in his voice. "How can you say that, Danny? I've opened up more to you than anybody."

"You've told me a million times Nick was your best friend, man, don't patronize me I'm not some fucking bitch."

"Oh," he sounded kinda perplexed, "is that it?"

"Fuck you dude," and I turned on my side facing away from him towards Nick curled up in a ball and snoring, and Chris looking like he was dead with his dick still hanging out of his pants. Then Jack pushed himself behind me and when I tried to move away he put his arm around me and held me close.

"You see those two guys," he whispered gently in my ear, "they're not my friends, Danny, they're my fucking brothers. I've known them both longer than I can remember, bud, and I trust them with my life. They know me better than I know myself. But that doesn't make *you* any less my best friend, ok?" I nod, feeling like a mopey asshole as he's holding me so close. 

"And I know you're not some fucking bitch, and I'd never let anybody treat you like some fucking bitch." That got a bitter laugh out of me. 

"Tell that to your *brother*, Jack," I mumbled not even trying to move anymore. 

"Chris? what'd he do?" he actually sounded confused.

"Like you don't fucking know."

"Tell me." 

So I pushed him off and rolled on my back and looked at him as I told him bout how Chris had come in and hit my balls and forced me to suck his dick till i booted and finally fucked me and how I tried calling for Jack when he first came in but he didn't come till Chris was done. 

Jack was quiet for a good bit. Eventually he reached for my hand and I let him take it and he held my fingers in his and he kissed it.

"I'm sorry Danny, I didn't think he'd be that rough."

"Wait, you knew what he was going to do?"

Now Jack looked like he was about to cry and I knew I shouldn't have felt bad for him, but it did make me not feel angry anymore. 

"I mean I knew he was angry and had blue balls, and I might've said if he had to get off that bad that you'd probably help him out, and when he asked me to ask for him I told him I couldn't cause I'd promised you I wouldn't ask you to do anything like that. I figured he just asked himself when he didn't come back. We didn't come to check in till we heard the bed shaking and..."

He trailed off and he let go of my hand and he just kinda ran his hand over my chest and across my belly.

"and what?" I wasn't upset anymore. The way Jack sounded and looked at me, it cooled me off and I just wanted to know what he thought now that I told him what Chris had done. My dick had gone soft when we were cuddling, but it was growing again as he kept touching me.

"And it seemed like you were enjoying it," and he moved his hand down and grabbed my dick and slowly started stroking it. He rolled me back on my side and pulled me in close to him and I could feel him getting hard against my back as he kept jerking me. 

"The thing is, Danny, I know I've told you a lot about me and my friends, and I know we've talked about my sex life and stuff," he rubbed a drop of pre all around the head of my dick, making me moan. Then he let go and started fondling my balls. "But I didn't know how to tell you just how horny I can be." He gave them a squeeze and went back to working my dick.

"The three of us were watching hardcore porn together when we were 12 dude," he kissed my neck, "and we got into some pervy shit," he snaked his other hand behind my head and held me firmly but not hard by the throat as he kept steadily jacking. "You remember when Nick said I choked on his dick?"

"Yes," I whispered arching back trying to touch as much of him as possible.

"When the 3 of us are alone we'll sometimes make bets. Doesn't matter on what. But when we're alone and horny we'll bet some football team will win or on the year a movie came out or whether a coin'll be heads or tails. And whoever loses has to do some pervy shit for the winner."

I was getting close and I think he could tell cause he let go of my dick and started just touching me. 
