 Yes, I know that it has been a few years since I last posted. I was busy. I hope, however, that this new story makes up for the delay. It is in a new category for me, gay male instead of gay female like two of my previous submissions.  

Enjoy!

Debbie, er, sexyR2...

*****

Today...

When the somewhat urgent knocking came to the door, Debbie knew in an instant who that it had to be, Candi had been trained to not dare enter their apartment without permission. Displaying less excitement and desire to see the latest result of her experiment than she actually felt, she casually rose from the table, where she had been perusing the new website, took one last dram of coffee, the better to prepare her for the drama that she knew was coming, and with measured patience casually paced over to the door. Just as she reached for the lock, a second round of knocking, even more urgent and louder than the first interrupted her, although she expected as much.

Through the door, "DEBBIE, PLEASE!"

She was enjoying the calm before the storm for one last moment, thence...

...lock un-click,...

...door knob turn,...

...door open.

She was greeted by the sight of a naked man, no, not the correct word, boy, no, not that either, 'boi', dried cum caked his disheveled shoulder length dishwater blonde hair and piebald splotched his face and chest, down to his hormone grown titties, smeared remnants of pink lip-stick which had previously graced his full pouty lips were present on his chin and cheeks, tears and ruined eye-liner streamed down his effeminate yet currently horribly contorted face. What a shame, Deb felt, her experiment has such a pretty face normally. Maybe she could lighten the situation a little. Hence, Deb smiled sweetly at the 'boi' that stood at her apartment entrance.

"WHY!"

Debbie stood in the doorway, not granting the implied and imploring entreatment for entrance into her apartment and out of his predicament, not yet anyway, letting the predicament build in the mind of the young 'boi'. A thought occurred to her. 'HIS predicament', 'HIS mind', no not a 'HIS', not anymore, not after yesterday and last night, nope, not anymore and never again, for sure.

She scanned the sight in front of her up and down. Dried cum didn't just end with his (there is that 'his' word again, maybe 'her') sissy titties, but rather continued down heaving ribs, across smooth flat toned yet unmuscular stomach, over shaved bald pubes and chemically dysfunctional 'boi clitty', and obviously down sexy sleek smooth tanned inner thighs.

Deb tilted her head slightly, which facilitated her gaze down to the parking lot, one floor below. Along with the somewhat bemused stares of a couple stripper club works coming home from a night shift 'at the office', the apartment complex was adjacent to the local red-light part of town after all, she saw Evan wave out his car window at her as he started to drive off.

Evan! Well, Candi (yes, that was Debbie's name for her experiment) would certainly have enjoyed being used one last time this morning by a stud-muffin hunk like Evan!

The smile returned to Deb's lips as she returned to looking back at Candi. "So, what has your panties all in a wad this morning, sweetie?"

"HOW COULD YOU! WHY! WHY!"

Debbie momentarily closed her eyes in frustration, sighed a deep sigh, thence stared deeply into Candi's eyes, and then "calm yourself down, girlfriend! Take a few deep soothing breadths before you say another thing. You will feel better and think clearer. Okay, lover girl?"

The words 'girlfriend' and 'lover girl', a calculated dig by Debbie, almost send Candi off into another screaming jag, however Candi caught herself and did as she was told. Slower, softer, "W-Why? Why did you DO this to me? Why did you let this happen to me?"

Deb was momentarily concerned that Candi was asking about the whole feminization experiment, now so close to a conclusion: the lingerie; the regular lower body shaving; the cross dressing; the make-up; the long months of training; the hormone shots; and so much other as well. If Candi was asking about that, Deb was going to change the subject, not wanting to lose the results just at the finish line. Recovering, she took control of the situation. "You mean yesterday, last night, all of that, right?"

Candi's calmness made her (yeah, 'her' is now the correct word for Candi, Debbie concluded) predicament come into more focus. She was naked, outside, exposed for all who cared to look, and she had been making a screaming crying spectacle of herself and her obviously violated body. Candi dropped her head, slowly, meekly, "yes, OFCOURSE I mean the pool party, with all those men..." And with more of a moan that actual words, "...and you left me there alone, and with THEM..."

"Did you enjoy it? Did you have fun?"

Candi looked up, imploring, "They took turns fucking me, fucking my ass!"

"But, did you ENJOY it?"

"They made me suck there big cocks!"

Debbie took note of Candi's use of the word "big" in front of "cocks", and tried to hide a knowing smile, "But, did you ENJOY it?"

"...one after another, after another, making me suck from one to another and back again, stroking the cocks on either side..."

"Candi, did you enjoy it?"

Head down again, almost a whisper, "...making me swallow their salty loads..."

Debbie decided to remain quiet for the time being, to let the 'tail' "tell the tale", as it were.

"...pounding hard into my ass, shooting their spunk into my hole, using me over and over..."

A smile crossed Deb's face as the pictures and video of what had occurred she had just enjoyed viewing on the new website passed through her memory, scrumptious in her thoughts.

"...two and three or more at a time! Hour after hour! And the five that were there when we showed up? Four more came later..."

Yes, I know how many were there thought Debbie.

"...and that man, wh-wh-who drove me home this morning, just now, down there, h-he made me suck his big thick man-meat one more time in the car. IN THE CAR! IN THE CAR! PEOPLE COULD HAVE SEEN! ...and, right before he shot, he pressed my head down hard against his prick. It went deep into my throat. And it was so big that I couldn't breathe as he fucked my throat."

Somewhat smirking at Candi's use of the term 'man-meat', Debbie decided to gain a response again. "Candi! DID YOU ENJOY IT?"

Candi's head fell. "W-Why did you leave me? Why did you take me there in the first place? W-Why, for goodness sake, why did you make me wear that skimpy outfit and put on that slutty make-up?"

One word, harshly, "CANDI!"

Silence, the effeminate Candi trembling there at the apartment door, the previously bemused onlookers from a few moments ago, having lost interest in this micro-drama, the sight of even a nude faggot not being all too unfamiliar, had all dispersed. The wave of her emotions having crashed and dissipated on the shore, one last quiet heaving sigh, still looking down, then acceptance, faintly "y-y-yes... I did enjoy it."

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

Yesterday...

"NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO! I WON'T GO OUT IN THIS BIKINI!" Candi storming out of the bedroom in a one piece continuous wrap around outfit that started as nothing much more than a G-string, not even large enough to adequately conceal much, made of the thinnest white cotton, attached to white cotton straps that ran between her thighs and up between her naked ass cheeks, then around her hips to join the front straps that rose from the barely there material that was over her mound and from there spun around her midriff and around her back and then around to her front again, to rise to two additional small white cotton covers that widened just enough to cover her easily seen in outline pouty nipples and thickened areolas before once again crossing at the nape and thence to tie behind her neck. She took a determined stance, bare feet, with bright pink painted toenails, at shoulder width, heaving in defiance, fist on sexy naked hips, holding the accompanying 4-inch bright red platform stripper heels in one of those hands.

Deb looked at her. What an erotic sight! Any real man would want to grab and use Candi repeatedly until his lust abated. Long silky smooth shapely bronzed legs cascaded down from that barely hidden equally bronzed torso. Just enough lack of tone that no muscles were outlined on legs or tummy (or arms, for that matter), which gave the image of a weak fragile frame, easily taken if one so wished. Candi's tits were a little disappointing. While the hormone shots had wondrously thickened and lengthened her nipples and areola, now dark reddish brown, from their original pink pin-pricks that were there when Deb had first come up with this feminization plan, the actual bundles of flesh had never really developed beyond tiny B-cups. On top of all, under blonde hair, now tied in pig-tails with pink bows, was 'a face to launch a thousand cocks', full pouty lips, covered in pink glitter gloss, a hint of dark highlight, dark eye-liner, and pink glitter eye-shadow, matching the lip gloss.

Coming back to the moment, Debbie tried to not betray the frustration that she felt at Candi's outburst. In slow measured tone, "Candi, you look absolutely gorgeous in it! Most women would kill to wear something like that to a pool party!"

"BUT I'M NOT A WOMAN! AND YOU KNOW THAT! I'M A MAN! AND WHY DO YOU INSIST ON CALLING ME 'CANDI' ANYWAY? MY NAME IS ALEX!"

Such a drama queen!

"CANDI! You and I have discussed that over and over since I agreed to help you! Alex is such a boring name! A name for a looser, somebody that can never get a date! It's a name of somebody who will never get a girl to go the bed with them, never have sex with them. Remain a virgin his entire life! Just like you were when we first decided that I could help you become cool! Help you eventually have sex, get laid! Alex is plane and boring, correct?"

"BUT, I'M STILL A MAN! CANDI IS A GIRL'S NAME!"

"A man?"

"YES!"

"With tits?"

A pause, and quieter, but still defiant, "well, ... yes!"

"And long hair?"

Quieter still, slightly more hesitantly, "y-yes"

"And smooth curving hips and ass?"

A whisper, "ahm, yes", then with defiance renewed, "but I have a penis!"

"A PENIS! Does it work?" Thence, Debbie went for the juggler, "You are standing there nearly naked in you bikini, here am I, also in a swimsuit" (though nowhere near as daring and provocative as Candi's, although Deb wasn't going to let Candi off the hook). "You have always wanted to fuck me, don't deny it! Well, here we are, alone, what, maybe five feet apart? The object of your lust opened and helpless and nearly naked in front of you. I'll tell you what. Take out what you call your 'penis' and see if you can get it hard? If you can get it up, I will agree that you are a man! Hell, I will even let you hump me!" Rubbing her own crotch with one hand, squeezing at a breast with the other, her hips gyrating, "mmm, baby, I'm so hot, so horny, take me, take me now! Please, my handsome hunk, my stud horse, do me, do me hard and fast! I need it! I need you in me now, now, oh please, now..." Debbie stopped, her arms folding in front of her, "but you can't, can you? That little 'clitty' that you call a 'penis' doesn't work anymore does it?"

"N-n-no."

"And when you masturbate, you have to cow-girl a dildo stuck to the floor, while you stare at pictures of real men's hard cocks. And when you cum doing that, it is a pitiful little dribble from your pitiful little SOFT 'boi clitty', correct?"

Tears welled from Candi's eyes, "but you did this to me. You made me this way."

"Made you? I forced you to wear lingerie? I forced you to shave your body hair? I made you watch gay porn? I held you down and forced you to take hormone shots?"

"N-no", a pause, "but I did it so that I could be with you".

Softer, "And you ARE with me! You are my BFF! My coolest nicest sissy friend, whom I want to be with forever!"

"Really?" Then, wait, what was that about 'sissy', ire built but dispelled just as quickly, acceptance, "yes, we are together..."

"And, just because I don't want to have sex with you, Candi, doesn't mean that I don't want to be around you! All those times that I bring a lover home for a night of good hard grunting and humping, or go to their place for the same, ..., well, all those times are just sex. That's biology! I need a good fuck every once in a while, and seriously, you and I both have known for a long time, as we just demonstrated, that you can't help me there, right? Right?"

Dejection, acceptance, "Right." 

Flippantly, "So, silly girl! I think that your body looks just absolutely fantastic in that suit, and I want you to wear it to the pool party because I want you to wear it to the pool party, simple as that!" A smile, Debbie even made fun of the argument by putting her fist on her hips, mirroring Candi's stance.

Candi smiled, gave an inch further, "but won't the other girls think me silly? Showing up in something this skimpy? They DO know that I'm a guy, cor...", Candi caught herself, adding sadly, "but I'm not a guy, I'm a sissy."

"You are my sexy smoking hot sissy friend!"

"But, won't my pe..., another catch, "my 'boi clitty' show down there?" However, Candi already knew the answer, those hormone shots had all but eliminated her useless testicles and useless pe..., er, 'clitty', allowing them to be pressed and concealed, for all practical purposes, flat into her scrotal sac.

"Silly sissy! Any other girl that is there will be jealous of you, such a hot body in such a skimpy outfit. They will not think twice about what remaining plumbing, indoor or outdoor, that you still have down there. Every other girl that is there will wish that she could entice her boyfriends as much as you in that swimsuit would entice men."

"MEN? THERE AREN'T GOING TO BE MEN THERE, PLEASE SAY NO MEN!"

"Candi? I'm your best friend! You are mine! I only want the best for you! I wouldn't try to hurt you! I want you to enjoy! I want you to be happy! Have fun!" She stepped closer to Candi, poked a finger or two a few times at Candi's ribs, tickling, eliciting giggles. "Okay? Okay?"

Capitulation, never realizing that the question itself remained unanswered.

Not wanting Candi to think the answer through for too long of a time, and not really waiting for Candi to concur, but knowing that she would anyway, "YES! OKAY! Soooooooo, let's see you in the entire outfit."

Candi momentarily had hope that maybe 'he', no 'she', had been mistaken and that there was a further wrap around cover-up or some such to put on, but saw Debbie looking at and nodding toward those stripper heels.

Understanding, Candi dropped them on the floor, kicked them vertical with her feet, then stepped into them, instantly adding definition to her calves, instantly causing her to hold her ass, that scrumptious enticing ass in Debbie's opinion, a little more pronounced, instantly causing her to throw her shoulders back slightly, accentuating her nearly completely exposed breast and those sensitive ever growing areolas and nipples, so incredibly sexy and arousing.

Yes, Deb was sure, Candi would find today oh so very interesting, her hot body all but assuring lust in the minds and loins of the studs that she would soon meet.

With that, Deb grabbed her wrap around, threw it over herself, stepped into her flip-flops, grabbed her keys and told Candi that it was time to go have some fun at the party, hurrying Candi out the door before that unsuspectingly soon to be 'real gurl' could understand why she didn't need a wrap around, why she had to wear 4-inch heels instead of flops, why she was feeling just this side of suspicious...

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

Nine Months Ago...

Like all strippers, Debbie knew him as soon as he came in the door, 'fresh pickings'! "Not sure how thick his wallet is, not much by the look of him, but I'll get first dibs, which means I get it all, or most once the club gets a cut!", she thought as she was nearing the finish of her set on stage three of the strip club. Debbie stepped to the front edge of the stage angled her naked body toward the new guy, seductively swaying her hips while staring, as a hungry shark, willfully drawing her prey to the closest table. The other dancers, seeing her intent, left her to her next victim, er, customer...

Alex was fresh past his eighteenth birthday and on his own, when, having just stepped out of the cross country bus station across the street, and seeing this place, he figured that going to one of these places, too innocent to even mentally think of it as 'a strip joint', was what 'guys just did'. And so he walked in. Twenty dollars admittance fee had shocked him, however he was too embarrassed to turn around and run out, so he dutifully handed over nearly a tenth of the money that he had left to his name. The thought of needing every dollar he had for any chance at room and board while he searched for a job never registered in his innocent mind. He sheepishly stepped into the dimly lit (except for the stages), loud with a throbbing beat, and not too crowded room and looked around, not knowing what to really do next, but he saw a naked vision of beauty looking directly at him on one of the side stages, so he stepped in that direction.

Alex sat, waitress arrived, waitress asked, beer came, five more dollars out of his diminishing reserves. All the while, Deb swayed her seductive naked gash and firm mounds in front of Alex's face, lust in her well-studied gaze.

Finally, her set over, Deb plopped her sweaty and still completely nude body down on Alex's lap, legs agape. "Wow, that was exhausting! I'm Britanie! Buy me a drink, my handsome man", more of a command than a question. Her fingers already were toying with the exposed skin above Alex's unkempt shirt neck opening as she seductively licked her lips.

Waitress arrived, waitress asked, soda water with food coloring came, and fifteen more dollars vanished.

Leaning forward, her moist breast pressing against Alex's chest, "Wow, these mixed drinks make my head spin! I probably won't be able to control myself with too many more! Gawd, you make me hot! How would you like a lap dance?" Twenty more dollars gone.

And so it went. Five here, fifteen there, twenty for another bump and grind, again and again.

In short order, when Alex finally said that he was broke, Deb, her hand resting in Alex's lap contrived a fake frown, "Ah, lover hunk, we were having such fun! But, I like you a lot, you are so sexy, you make me so hot, so come back just as soon as you get paid, so that we can have even more fun together, okay?" She kissed his forehead, and bounced up and left the floor without a look back, mentally adding her cut versus the club cut of the proceeds.

Suddenly, a little confused, a little hurt, Alex watched her go. The waitress showed, already knowing the answer, she asked anyway, "Another beer?"

"No, no, I better go." The hint taken. Alex trudged meekly toward the door. Outside, in the light of day, he became aware of a growing void in his stomach, and, just as soon, realized that he had no money. The word 'refrigerator' flashed in his mind and he realized he didn't have a motel room either. And not even money to get back on the bus and head back home, nor even to call home!

"Money!" He turned and looked back at the entrance to the club, somehow knew that he could go back in.

"Job!" He looked around, mainly box shaped buildings with flashing neon signs. No help there, that is where my money went in the first place. An apartment complex, kind of dingy, over there. Not likely that there is anything they can do.

His mind racing now, "Can I steal some? How? Pick pocket? Maybe rob a store? No, I'm not desperate, I won't do that. Not yet."
