 I work on Wall Street. I work for a hedge fund. I trade options. Picture a Wall Street suit in his late 20s. You're picturing me. I have a beautiful apartment on the Upper East Side.

My wife has been at my side the whole time- no trophy wives and strip clubs for me. I get to lay on top of her, in the very dark of the bedroom for five minutes of very Vanilla, strictly dutiful sex.

I am not complaining, don't get me wrong. There are other associates of mine, in their mid forties, that would be delighted to even get that treatment. And my sex drive had never been that high anyway.

But my life changed completely when I met Martin.

I was chilling out at a Martini bar, not too far from our plush offices. An old school place, with leather, high backed chairs that provide you with a little privacy. I was meeting with a potential lead; a guy who'd made a lot of money in the manufacturing business, and was in a position to kick a couple of mil the fund's way so we could help grow it for him- and make a big commission while doing it.

My eyes started to glaze over a little as I waited, not even able to order until my date arrived. But arrived he did, and I instinctively got up as soon as I sensed movement near my seat.

I was struck to see a much younger man than I had anticipated- he was in his forties, and I'd anticipated 50s or 60s. His hair was dark brown, with a few flecks of gray. He took my hand with a firm handshake, and from his rolled up sleeves I could see he had the muscular arms of a man who had done a lot of hard, manual labour.

I smiled at him, and our eyes met. He boldly captured my eyes, and tilted his head slightly to the left. I felt like I was THE most important man in the world at that very second.

Before I knew what I was doing, I'd ordered two martinis and we'd sat down at the table together. I smiled at the contrasts almost immediately. His 6'3" to my 5'10". His jeans and white shirt with rolled up sleeves, to my Brioni suit.

We started talking business almost immediately, and I found myself incredibly attracted to Martin. I had never felt this way about a man before. I wanted my hands in his hair, and his muscular grip all over me- but I controlled myself. We talked risk appetite- and Martin took me off guard.

"I'm looking to make some serious wagers. High risk."

I smiled. "We run around five funds, each with a range of risk appetites. What sort of bond percentages are you looking at- 20% perhaps might meet your high risk portfolio? Maybe 10?"

He laughed. "There's a reason that I booked this talk with you and not one of your colleagues. You handle the options trading for the firm, right?"

"Yes. We use options to hedge our positions, especially during volatility lulls. Takes some of the risk out of the trades."

He leaned in closer. "What if I told you that I want to go all in on options. A full option portfolio."

I was taken aback. "Well, for the amounts you're looking to invest we can definitely put together a custom package for you. Are you thinking of a mixed basket of options? Some spreads? Perhaps the Iron Condor- or the reverse Iron Condor?"

"No." His voice was so confident it took my breath away. "I'm selling some naked calls on my own time. What I want from you is your expertise trading options and getting the best price. I want out of the money options. One week expiry. What they call 'Faggot's delight.'"

I'd heard the term. "Because if you like buying them, you'd better enjoy getting fucked in the ass". These were the riskiest things on the exchange. If he'd said he wanted to bet his fortune on roulette, it would probably have been about as solid financial advice.

"I'll discuss it with my other partners, and we'll put together another meeting. I think we should be able to work something out for you."

The next morning we were discussing the Bloomberg report from the previous day. Right in the middle of Ford falling three points and Airline stock recovering a bit, he looked at me and said. 

"I want to make love to you."

It took everything I had to keep from choking on my coffee, and to act non-chalant. My heart was racing. I felt like a randy college boy. My cock was so instantly hard, I thanked God, I was sitting down and could be hidden under the table.

But I said yes. We worked out the logistics of our meeting. I would have loved to get fucked by him right then and there.

We met at one of my corporate apartments the very next afternoon. 

I was so nervous as I paced back and forth waiting for him to arrive. The minute he walked through the door though, all nervousness was gone. Replaced with a lust and fire I had never felt before.

I immediately took him in my arms. He kissed my lips, slowly spreading them and slipping his tongue into my warm mouth. I relaxed in his arms as his cowboy hands roamed up and down my body. 

Being the one used to being in charge, I pulled back from him and started to unbutton his pants. He moved my hands away. Looked me right in the eyes and proceeded to take off his clothes. I watched mesmerized as he removed his shirt, his jeans. I was getting the most erotic strip tease of my life, I was rock hard and in awe.

I wasted no time in grabbing my belt buckle. He once again stopped me. I looked at him with a questioning look. He answered by again taking the lead from me and unbuttoning my shirt, my belt, my pants. I followed his every request, although most things I just followed his lead and his encouraging looks.

It wasn't long before we stood naked with each other. He finally came close to me and our skin touched and our bodies were on fire. I knew I had to have him.

Before I could lead him to the bedroom. He had sat in a chair and had pulled me to stand next to him.

He began rubbing and kneading the inside of my thighs. His kisses and soft licks followed his fingers wherever they went. As he cupped my balls, and began gently squeezing, a moan escaped my lips. My head was thrown back. I had totally put myself into his hands. Something I had never done in my life, either in my wife's bedroom or in my firm's boardroom.

His strong tongue found its way to my hairy balls. He opened his mouth and took my swollen sacs into his warm wet mouth. That warm rush of feeling is like nothing I can put words to. He increased pressure and sucked gently on them, one at a time. My cock was jumping everywhere. As he was still sucking my balls, his other hand began to slowly stroke my long shaft. The rhythm he had started had my entire body rocking back and forth to be closer to him.

He let my balls escape his mouth, for him only to capture my now soaked head of my cock. In one motion, he engulfed my entire cock. Just like $MU, or Bitcoin in December 2017 I was going to the moon. Almost immediately, I felt my jizz rise from my balls. I was not going to last for 3 minutes of his delicious sucking. As his would suck my cock down his throat, his tongue would dance around my head and his fingertips started slowly stroking my virgin asshole.

"Martin, if you keep that up this is going to be over before its started" I pleaded with him.

It only fueled him to suck even faster, with more pressure. I thought about Elon Musk but even that did not let me ignore this incredible feeling. The orgasm built from my balls. I knew I was seconds away from erupting. I could tell he did too, as his pace quickened even more. I'd never cum in my wife's mouth before.

To my surprise, rather then him releasing my cock as it began spurting my cum, he swallowed me even deeper into his throat. Sucking and swallowing as I pumped for what seemed like forever. My cock was so sensitive, it was almost painful as he kept sucking me down. I had long since stopped erupting and he kept my cock in his mouth. It wasn't long before I could feel it begin to take form again. 

He released my cock from his mouth and stood up. He pulled my face down to his. I could smell myself on his breath. A thought that I would have possibly thought, would have been disgusting was now an incredible turn on to me. As he kissed me, and put his tongue into my mouth, I now tasted myself on him. The eroticism of it all was incredible.

I led him to the bedroom. A big king-sized bed awaited us. He laid down and I followed suit next to him. My cock had fully regained its hardness at the thought at what was to come. He almost immediately positioned himself over the top of me.

"You want to me to fuck your boipussy don't you?" he asked me, once again looking into my eyes. Past my eyes actually, into my soul.

"Yes baby, please" I found myself answering.

He had positioned himself over me. His body was sliding up and down on mine. His dick touching just close enough to my skin, that I could feel his heat and wetness. Oh God, it was an incredible turn on.

He raised far enough forward so my chest was in his face. "Suck that" he commanded of me.

I gladly sucked it. The nipple came to life for me, hard and firm. I sucked and gently nibbled.

He repeated that with the other side. I took them both and squeezed them together so I could just go back and forth to each now pink and ripe nipple. If I wasn't sucking on one, I would roll the nipples in between my fingers.

"I'm going to fuck you now" he told me. He lubed up his hard cock and positioned it at my now pulsating and greedy ass. I will never forget the incredible feeling as we locked eyes, I spread my ass for him and he started slowly fucking my virgin ass.

I saw instantly in his face and eyes that he was as caught up in the feeling as I was.

He began to rock on top of me. Grinding his pubic bone into my ass. The head of his cock was as deep as it could go. He found a rhythm, I maneuvered myself to take his dick as best as possible. I took his hips and began to help him set the pace. I felt him tense. The look of pure ecstasy crossed over his face, as I felt him start to cum in my tight asshole.

"Not yet."

In an instant, he rolled me over to be on top. The first time since we were together that he had allowed me to be in command. Yes, now familiar territory, I began twerking my ass on his dick, begging him to fuck me.

"Fuck me harder damn it"

He was pulling me deep. His hands were on my ass, pulling me closer. I could feel another orgasm building. His right hand had moved even farther down on my ass, hard and tight from hours in the gym.

Then he came, and i bounced on his hard cock. It felt 12 inches long in my tight, virgin ass.

That was only the beginning of our new "business" relationship.