 I woke up to feel Ronnie beside me. He had wrapped his arm around my shoulder and his cock was tight against my ass. He was still asleep. I didn't have my watch with me so I guessed it would be close to dinner time. I woke everyone up and we had a friendly giggle as we looked at each other. All four of us still had solid erections. 

I was so pleased Ronnie had brought a good supply of viagra. He did say he wanted new experiences this weekend. And so did I, although never imagining for one moment it would be like this. We walked in a line, holding each others cocks, like a line of elephants, as we headed back to the retreat.

Back in our room, Ronnie had run the shower and asked if I was going to join him. I didn't need to be told twice. I rubbed his shoulders as the water cascaded over us. My stiff cock pushed against his ass. He thrust backwards to rub against my cock. He moved his hands behind him and gripped my cock. One hand was stroking my balls and the other, wanking my foreskin over the head in long slow strokes. I reached in front of him and did the same. He was as stiff as I was. He groaned as I rubbed his foreskin. 

'Let's come again, Ronnie,' I said. 'I'm desperate for you.' We finished our shower and dried each other off. He took my hand and led me to his bed and I lay down on my front. He sat across me with his cock rubbing against my back. He massaged my shoulders, working down until he reached my ass. I was moaning as his fingers teased me. He put one and then two fingers inside me, finger fucking me. I thrust my ass up to meet his fingers. I was so sensitive to his touch. Wave after wave of sheer excitement ran through my body. 

I moved up to kneel on the bed, my ass pushed back for Ronnie to take me. Ronnie guided his cock into me, slowly probing with the head and gently pushing further and further until I had all of his lovely long, slender cock inside me. I groaned with pleasure. Slowly he rode me. I could feel every vein in his cock as he thrust inside, withdrawing to the very tip and plunging back inside me. Time and again, I was moaning with sheer bliss at the sensations running through my ass.

And then I felt him twitch and stiffen more, he was going to come. Suddenly, I felt him spurt inside me. I could feel each twitch as he filled me with delicious warm spunk. I thrust my ass back to meet his thrust and squeezed my asshole, squeezing every drop of his come. I was in heaven. We collapsed on the bed exhausted. 

Ronnie wrapped his arms round me, reaching for my nipples which he knew were very sensitive. He turned me around onto my back and sat astride me. He gripped my cock and squeezed it, licking the precome that was oozing out of it. He moved down a little and took me fully in his mouth, wanking me in long quick strokes. Within seconds I could feel the sensation of my cock about to explode. Ronnie quickened his hand and I gasped with pleasure. I couldn't stop myself and moaned loudly as my spunk shot into Ronnie's mouth. Again, stream after stream of spunk as I shuddered with the intensity of my orgasm. Once I had finished, Ronnie looked up at me, his mouth full of my spunk. He hadn't swallowed it, he was going to share it with me. He reached up to kiss me, letting my own spunk dribble into my mouth. It tasted lovely and I rolled it around in my mouth. I swallowed it, every drop. Ronnie reached up to kiss me, both of us could taste my spunk. Could it get any better than this?, I wondered. I had never been this turned on in my life.

Ronnie and I lay in each others arms. We had an hour until dinner. I had my head on his chest, listening to his breathing as we spoke. I told him I would love to suck everyone's cock, particularly Colin's massive cock. Did that make me a slut? Even better, I wanted to feel everyone's cock riding me, all eight of them. I even wanted to be covered in everyone's warm sexy spunk, dribbling out of my mouth and asshole. God, eight cocks in my mouth, one after the other. I wanted all that spunk to myself. I was carried away with raw excitement. 

Ronnie understood my new found enthusiasm with all the sex that had taken place. This was new to me, even at fifty five, I had never experienced such excitement, not even with the women I had slept with. It just felt so free and natural. Nine men, here for a men's weekend, I never expected this. I felt so safe and warm in Ronnie's arms. I loved the manly smell of him and the hairy chest that teased my back. More than anything, I loved the sensation of his stiff cock between my legs, nudging against my balls. 

I could lie like this forever, I thought. Ronnie whispered that he understood and said he would speak to the others and see what they thought. After all, we had only interacted with the one couple so far.

We cleaned up and went downstairs to the kitchen. Neither of us even tried to cover out erect cocks as we walked in and took a seat at the table. Colin walked in just after us and I immediately looked at his cock. He was massive and didn't try to hide it at all. All eyes were on us, wondering what had gone on that they were missing.

After a lovely dinner that Mark had made us, Ronnie talked about the sexual energy and everyone was interested. At our ages, viagra and saved sexual energy could take us to new heights of pleasure. Ronnie talked about the fun we had with Colin and Neil and I could see everyone was getting excited at the open and free way we were discussing things.

I came right out and asked everybody, 'how would we all like to experience sensations unlike anything we had experienced before'. This met with complete agreement from everyone. Ronnie passed out the viagra and we took it with a glass of wine, toasting each other for the fun we would shortly be having. Mark, who had declined to join us, suggested we use the huge lounge, with the log burner to keep us warm. We agreed to meet in an hour.

Ronnie and I went back to bed and this time, I held him. He lay with his back to me, pushing his ass into my cock. I stroked his firm arms and his long legs. I really was very attracted to him. He was in great shape for sixty. I teased his neck with my tongue and thrust my cock against his ass, holding him tightly. The sun was still coming in the window, making me feel very dreamy. Ronnie and I stayed like that, curled up and snoozing in the warmth.

We got up on the hour and got ready to go down. An hour had passed so the viagra was just ready to work. I followed Ronnie downstairs to the lounge. I was caught by surprise as I watched the other couple, Ian and Stephen having fun. Ian was slouched on the armchair with Stephen's head bobbing up and down. Ronnie and I sat down on the two seater settee and watched them. I sat up on the corner of the settee with Ronnie leaning against me. He tensed his arm as I stroked it, letting me feel his muscles. 

A short while later everyone else was gathered and sat down in the lounge. Those having sex stopped and sat up. Ian suggested we have a group hug and we gathered in a group and wrapped our arms around each other. I looked at Colin's cock and shivered at the thought of the excitement I had with it earlier. 

'Let's just have fun in this lovely safe environment,' Ronnie stated. Everyone agreed and sat down. I moved quickly and knelt down in front of Colin before anyone else did. I was first off the mark but the others caught up quickly. We were an odd number so someone was not going to have a partner. As if on cue, Mark walked in. I looked at Ronnie, yes he had given Mark a viagra. Wow, five couples. Everyone had paired off and Ronnie was on his knees with Mark's cock in his mouth. 

I focused on the majestic cock Colin had. Once again, I slowly took the head in my mouth, wanking him with my hands. I couldn't get much more than his huge head in my mouth so I focused on wanking him, hoping he would just explode in my mouth. He tapped me on the shoulder and I stopped. Sexual energy again, I just wanted him to come, not store it up. I squeezed his cock gently and he twitched in response, precome oozing out of the tip. I licked it off and swallowed it. I looked around the room to see what everyone else was doing. One guy, whose name I had forgotten, was laying on his back with another guy sitting up and down on his cock, riding him. I tensed my ass muscles at the thought of the cocks I had inside me earlier that afternoon.

Neil was on his knees giving someone else head so I knelt down behind him, my cock rubbing against his ass. He reached up and passed me the lube. I smothered it over my cock and slipped my finger into Neil's asshole, rubbing it in. He pushed his ass back and my cock prodded his asshole. Gently pushing in, I was so slow and enjoying every intimate sensation I was feeling in my cock. I took my time until my cock was all the way in. I pushed hard and then stayed still, thrills running through me. In and out, I thrust, Neil meeting every thrust. Within moments I was almost there and had to stop. I slipped out of Neils ass and went next door to the bathroom and washed my cock. Ronnie was also there and we laughed. He'd just fucked Ian and was washing his cock. I did it for him and rubbed the warm water over his cock and he kissed me, teasing my nipples with his fingers. We went back into the room and couples were writhing around in ecstacy. Cocks were everywhere and heads were bobbing up and down. 

Ronnie and I joined another couple who were in the sixty nine position and sucking each other's cocks. I wanked one cock as the guys sucked each other. My hand went around his balls, squeezing and cupping them. Ronnie did the same, pumping the cock while the men sucked each other. One came just before the other and I could see their cocks twitching as they pumped spunk into each other's mouths.

I looked around for Colin who was sucking another guy. I wonder if he would mind me interrupting. I went for it and came right out and asked him to fuck me all the way. He stopped sucking his guy and kissed me. 'Let's finish this guy off first', he said. Both of us went down on his cock. Colin played with his balls as I wanked his cock. He was a good size, just a little larger than me and he had a beautifully shaped cock head. Our tongues met as we shared that cock, feeling it stiffen, knowing it was going to explode. I wanked faster and faster and Colin let me take his spunk in my mouth. Once again, spurt after spurt filled my mouth and I swallowed as much as I could, letting the rest dribble down my mouth. I licked my lips.

I led Colin by his huge cock over to the settee and I knelt down and opened my legs. I lay there, my ass in the air resting on the settee. Colin was rubbing lube over my ass, inserting a suçcession of fingers to loosen me up. He knew what he was doing. I looked at Ronnie and he was bent over being ridden by another guy. Suddenly I felt Colin push inside me. My asshole opened up as he tried to get the bulbous head inside me. He was very gentle and slow, taking his time as I tried to accomomdate him. I held my breath and relaxed my asshole, feeling him slip further and further inside. God, he felt tremendous inside me. He poured more lube over his cock and continued to push until, finally, all of his cock was buried inside me. It felt fantastic. Slowly, he thrust in and out and I met each thrust. He was so hard that I could feel every contour of his cock as it slid in and out. It was sore but in a nice way, I was thoroughly enjoying it. I knew from the sudden twitching of his cock that he was almost there and I called out 'In me now, Colin, let me feel your warm spunk shoot inside me.'

He quickened his pace and suddenly, I could feel him spurting. It was intense and he kept spurting in me. I relaxed and tightened my muscles to squeeze every drop of his spunk. Once he had finished coming, he collapsed on top of me, his cock still inside me. I could feel the warmth of his spunk inside me. It was unlike anything I had ever experienced. I could feel his cock relaxing as it slipped out, warm spunk dripping down my legs. I loved that feeling and rubbed the spunk over my balls. I thanked him and we made our way to the bathroom to clean up.

Everyone was still at it when we walked back into the lounge. People were still hard although most of them had come by now. I really wanted to feel Ronnie sucking me again so I walked over to join him. He was lying on his back on the settee with another guy sucking him. He stopped and I took over. I asked him if he would like to fuck me again and he smiled at me. 'Let's go upstairs,' he said, 'where it's quieter, everyone is almost done here.'

I had lost track of how many cocks I had had and how many guys had fucked me. I had done it all on this weekend. I still had my one dream that I could suck all nine cocks, one after the other. Ronnie lay down on my bed and I got in beside him. We held each other, our cocks together. He kissed me, teasing my lips with his tongue, nibbling my neck and thrusting his cock against mine. God, I wanted him so badly. Colin had a huge cock compared to Ronnie but I loved Ronnie's cock more. 

Ronnie turned me over onto my back and spread my legs. God, he was going to take me again. I thrust my hips in the air and he used his hand to guide his cock inside me. I was loosened from the fucking I had from Colin so Ronnie just slipped slowly inside me. He pumped in and out, breathing heavily. Then he stopped, waited for a moment and then continued. God, he's going to hold back for a big one. Time after time he fucked me, stopped at the point of no return, waited and then fucked me again. He did this six times before I felt his cock pulsating and stiffen even more, and then he poured his spunk into me. Spasm after spasm as his hot spunk filled me. I felt him slip out and warm spunk dribbled out and down my legs, tickling my balls. This was so horny and nice.

I lay on my back with Ronnie on his side. He was teasing one of my nipples while wanking me. He traced his tongue over my chest and took my nipple in his mouth. Warm thrills ran through my body as he teased both nipples. His hand was gripping my cock as he wanked me. Just as I was almost there, he moved his head down and sucked me. I came and it was tremendous. I kept spurting into Ronnie's mouth and he was swallowing it, every drop of it.

Spent and exhausted, we lay in each other's arms. My cock was still dribbling spunk and spunk was still oozing out of my ass. I had a warm loving feeling as I held him. I would never have guessed I would have a male lover and it felt so right. My ass was tingling and a little sore, not surprising as I had taken Colin twice in my ass. With so many happy thoughts and excitement, I fell asleep in Ronnie's arms.

**************

If you like it, let me know and I'll write more.