 We bounced up the rutted road in Jarod's old battered pick-up truck until we reached the top of the hill. It was windy and cool but the sky was as blue as glass and brightly colored leaves cascaded down around us. 

"Get ready," he said when we reached the top of the hill and drove between two gigantic oak trees. The trees opened up into a huge field, flat and open and beautiful. The big old weathered barn stood at the far end like a tired old man. 

"Pretty isn't it?" Jarod asked, almost to himself as he leaned on the steering wheel and gazed out the windshield. There was a hint of pride in his voice.

I had to agree. Even though we both worked for the owner of this property, we were all kind of spellbound by the beauty of this mountainous region.

"Sure is," I said, still curious as to why he'd brought me along to do this simple task.

The truck started moving again and we drove along a pathway around the field ending up right in front of the barn.

"Come on," Jarod said, climbing out of the vehicle.

I zipped up my jacket and tagged along. Now, I don't mind following Jarod anywhere. It gives me a chance to watch the way his jeans hug his lean ass and powerful, muscular thighs. Of course, I don't miss the way those broad shoulders taper into his narrow waist either.

He opened the sliding barn door with a loud squeal which sent startled birds flying everywhere. Inside it was dusty and filled with square bales of hay stacked neatly floor to ceiling. A narrow set of steps ran along one wall and he started in that direction. Again, I followed.

"You're probably wondering why I asked you to come with me," he said once we were upstairs. 

There was a huge opening on one end that gave us a perfect view of the countryside below and hay was just scattered around loosely on either side of us.

"I was kind of wondering," I said, following him deeper into the shadow of the barn.

Suddenly, he stopped and turned around. We were nose to nose, toe to toe. "I wanted to see if you'd follow through once you had a chance," he said. "I've seen the way you look at me. I can practically read your mind."

"Jarod, I..."

"Kiss me," he said, grabbing the front of my jacket and pulling me even closer. He took off his hat and tossed it aside. 

Those words were music to my ears. I kissed him, nearly drowning in the sensations flooding over me. I loved the way he kissed me back, offering his tongue and then sucking on mine in return. Soon, we were pressing the full length of our bodies together, his raging hardon throbbing against mine.

"Suck me," he gasped when we finally came up for air.

Again, those were exactly the words I wanted to hear, something I'd dreamed about since I'd started working for him. I pushed him toward a nearby pile of sweet smelling hay and we sank down onto it. I kissed him again and again while fumbling with his belt and zipper. Finally, his thick cock was in my hands already leaking pre-come and throbbing steadily.

"God, it's beautiful," I whispered, kneeling between his legs. I spent a few minutes licking his meat from tip to base making sure it was glistening wet before sucking it into my mouth. It felt even better throbbing against my tongue.

Jarod groaned and fucked my face gently. He lifted his ass to allow me to pull his jeans and shorts further down. Now I could spend a few minutes with my tongue on his balls while I worked the wet skin up and down on his dick. He ran his fingers through my short hair and muttered obscenities as I used every trick I knew to please him. This was the chance of a lifetime and I wasn't about to blow it. Pardon the pun.

And I licked my way up to his the head of his cock again, that sweet pre-come was drooling down the sides. I slurped that up, made a tight little ring with my lips and sucked him deep.

"Ah, yes, Jesus," he hissed and began fucking my mouth.

By this time my own cock was ready to explode and I managed to get my pants unzipped so I could jack off while I sucked him. The hay rustled with our steady movements and just when I thought he was going to lose control he stopped.

"Show me how you jack off," he grunted, his fingers sliding up and down his spit slick rod easily.

Still on my knees between his legs, I pushed my jeans down out of the way and pumped my dick steadily with one hand. 

"Do you think about me when you come?" he asked.

"Yes," I whispered. "I think about sucking you."

"What if I sucked you?" he asked, the hand on his dick moved faster and his free hand cupped his balls.

"Oh, God," I groaned.

"Or maybe fucked your ass?"

"Yes, oh yes," I breathed. Any minute now, I was going to lose it.

Jarod fucked his fist, his beautiful ass bouncing all over the hay. His sweaty face was a mask of lust and his eyes blazed with desire. "Come for me," he grunted.

That was all it took to send me right over the edge. I groaned in release and emptied my balls in the hay right between his legs.

"Now, finish me off," he said, leaning back and thrusting his crotch in my direction. 

I think he started coming from the moment my hot mouth covered the end of his dick. It was all I could do to swallow his hefty load but I did my best to swallow it all. Then I licked him clean afterward.

"I think the work on this barn is going to take longer than I thought," he whispered, pulling me down beside him. "Much, much longer."