 Pete had brought me home with him for the Easter holiday. Frankly, I thought it was a little soon to do the whole "meet the parents" thing. We'd hooked up earlier in the semester and - from my perspective, at least - we were just fuck buddies...MAYBE friends with benefits. I thought Pete and I were on the same page. But, when he'd invited me down to The OC with him for the holiday, I started to realize he was more into me than I was into him. I should've turned down his invitation and immediately ended things with him. After all, guys on campus to fuck around with were a dime a dozen. I'd probably be able to find a new FB before the day was out.

But, the truth was, Pete was a good guy and he was a good friend. I didn't want to hurt him. It's amazing the corners we'll paint ourselves into to spare the feelings of others, isn't it? So, a few days later, I was standing next to him in the foyer of his father's house, having just heard him call out to his dad.

Moments later, the most gorgeous man I'd ever laid eyes on appeared, grinning from ear to ear. His slightly worn face showed that he was probably in his mid to late 50s, but it didn't hide this good looks that could rival even the most attractive model or movie star. I also couldn't take my eyes off of the sleeveless shirt and shorts he was wearing, showing off his absolutely ripped arms and legs. Suddenly, I was glad that I hadn't turned down Pete's invitation, after all.

Mr. Davison pulled his son into a big hug. "Petey! It's so good to see you!"

"Likewise, Dad!"

He patted Pete's shoulder and had the hugest smile on his face. It was actually heartwarming to see a father and son so close. Of course, my mind was already working in overdrive, playing out all kinds of scenarios where Mr. Davison and I had our bodies as close as Pete and his dad were right now. Only, "heartwarming" isn't exactly the right word to describe those fantasies.

Mr. Davison broke the hug and both he and Pete turned to look at me. "Dad, this is Rob."

I extended my hand to him, preparing to greet him. Not breaking that dick-twitching smile of his, Mr. Davison surprised me by pulling me into a hug, too. I was in heaven! "Rob, it's so good to finally meet you," Pete's dad said heartily, as our hug continued much to my delight. "Pete's told me all about you."

For a moment, I cringed. It was just further proof that Pete had a completely different idea about our relationship than me. This whole situation was getting too sticky for my liking...and not the good kind of sticky.

"It's good to meet you too, Mr. Davison. Pete's spoken so highly of you. I've been anxious to meet you!"

Mr. Davison broke our hug. "Rob, please. Call me Ted. Listen, boys. I'm sorry. I'd hoped to be showered, dressed, and ready to head out to dinner when you two got here. Give me ten minutes and I'll be right back here, ready to take you two hungry college guys to dinner!"

"It's no problem, Dad. I'll show Rob around while you get ready."

Really, I would've been perfectly happy helping Ted Davison out with his shower. But, alas, I had to keep portraying the dutiful boyfriend. God, that word made me shudder...boyfriend.

I watched Ted as he ascended the stairs, unable to take my eyes off his body - particularly his shapely, muscled ass in his shorts - as he moved. He must've felt eyes on him because he stopped halfway up and turned to look back, catching my gaze. I flashed him a quick grin, which elicited a questioning look from him. It was then that Pete's voice cut through my thoughts and distracted me. I turned to see him over in the living room, talking to me as if I was right there with him. He was completely unaware that I was still in the foyer, lusting after his hunky father. By the time that I turned back to the staircase, Ted had vanished upstairs to take his shower.

I took that as my cue to join Pete. For the next few minutes, he showed me the living room, kitchen, spacious basement, and backyard complete with hot tub and gazebo. I tried to seem interested. But really, the only thing I was interested in was probably inside right now, toweling off his wet, rock hard body.

We were outside in the gazebo chit chatting when Pete's hand grazed mine. I turned from looking at the beautifully manicured backyard to face him when he surprised me with a tender kiss. It was sweet, but there was no spark. The kiss lingered - I didn't have the heart to pull back from him - when I heard the sound of a throat-clearing behind us. "Save it for later, you horny toads! We've got a 6 o'clock reservation to get to!" It was Ted with a huge grin on his face. Apparently what Pete told me about his dad being super-cool about his being gay was true.

I was embarrassed about being caught like that. Not because I didn't want Ted to think I was disrespecting him by making out with his son openly like that. I was embarrassed because I felt like Ted and I'd had a moment earlier in the foyer and I didn't want him to feel deterred by remembering that his son was into me.

Dinner was fun. Steaks and beer all around. It was obvious seeing them interact that Pete really loved his dad and the feeling was mutual. Growing up in a single-parent home, it actually made me a little sad that I'd never really had that relationship with my own father. We'd just gotten back to the house when Pete's phone rang. After looking at the screen, he remarked. "Huh... It's Aunt Sue..." He took the call and wandered back into the foyer, leaving Ted and I alone in the living room, sitting on opposing couches.

"So, Rob... Petey tells me you're working your way toward a law degree. What kind of law are you looking at practicing the future?"

"Probably corporate," I responded, flattered that he was actually interested in knowing something about me outside of being his son's boyfriend...I shuddered again at that word.

"So, you'll be representing faceless conglomerates, helping them screw over the little guy, huh? He chuckled to let me know he was teasing me and I saw a twinkle in his eye. On top of everything else this stud had going for him, I really loved his sense of humor.

"Yeah. I guess that's what I'll be doing. But, no matter what type of law you get into, you're pretty much helping some asshole weasel out of the type of justice he should be getting."

Ted laughed. "Yeah. You got a point there, Robby!" It made me beam to hear him call me Robby. It made me feel like we'd gotten closer. Now, if I could just find a way to get physically closer to him...

Pete re-entered from the foyer with a worried look on his face. "What's wrong, Son? You look like you just saw a ghost."

His voice shaking, Pete could barely get out the words. "A-aunt S...Susan just s-said...they rushed Mom to the h-hospital."

Ted and I were instantly out of our seats and at Pete's side. Ted comforting his son and me trying to. "My God, Son! What happened?"

"A-aunt S-sue says they think she's going to be fine. T-they think it's just...an allergic reaction. But I'm really worried. I think I'm gonna go to the hospital and see her."

"Do you want me to go with you?" I piped-up. I may not care about Pete the way he cares about me. But, I'm no monster. And I do like him as a friend.

Pete patted my shoulder. "No. It's okay, Rob. I'm just gonna run over there, make sure she's okay. Then, I'll be back."

Ted reached into his shorts pocket and pulled out his keys. "I'm gonna drive you, Petey."

"No, Dad. It's okay."

"I don't think it is. You're still shaking. I don't think you're in any condition to drive."

"I'll be fine. I promise. Besides, this is Rob's first time visiting. You should stay and entertain him while I'm gone. I'll be back within two hours max." In spite of the grave situation involving Pete's Mom, I couldn't help but perk up at the idea of being home alone with Ted.

"Okay, Son. But, if you get there and you're too shaken up to drive home, you call me and I'll come get you. We'll go back later and pick up your car."

Pete smiled. "Thanks, Pop! I'll see you later." He leaned up and kissed his father on the cheek, then leaned in and gave me a quick kiss. "I'll be back soon!"

As Pete reached the door, Ted called after him. "Give your Mom my best!"

And just like that, I was alone with Ted Davison, the object of my lust for the past four hours.

For the next half hour, we sat and talked...just about life. He'd grabbed us each a bottle of beer and we camped out on the sofa. He asked me more about my eventual entry into law school and my family. He told me all about the tech company that he'd owned...and sold a little over 10 years ago. It's what allowed him to live such a comfortable lifestyle and enjoy an early retirement now. Of course, Pete had already told me all about it. He loved to brag proudly about how well his pop had done. I couldn't blame him. Ted was the kind of man anyone would brag about.

Out of the blue, Ted reached over and patted me on the knee. "I don't know about you, Robby. But, I could use a soak in the tub outside. You wanna join me? It'll relax us while we wait to hear from Petey."

He didn't need to do anything further to convince me. Sharing a hot tub with Ted wearing only a swimsuit and getting the opportunity to see him without a shirt on? I was SO there! Plus, I know what being in a hot tub with someone else leads to. It might make it that much easier to seduce him. Yeah. I was a scumbag. The guy who thought I was his boyfriend - shudder - was at the hospital, worried sick about his mother and I was back here, scheming about how I could put the make on his father.

Five minutes later, I was out on the deck, uncovering the tub and firing it up. Moments later, Ted walked out, a beer bottle in each hand, looking every bit the stud that I expected him to look like without a shirt on. God, did I need to grip this man's pecs with both hands while I bounced up and down on his dick! "Thanks for starting her up, Robby!"

"I know my way around a hot tub," I grinned as we both slipped into the tub, across from each other.

He laughed. "I bet you do," we clinked our bottles together and took a drink. The way he looked at me...that same twinkle in his eye that I'd seen earlier. It was starting to feel like sex HAD to happen tonight. But, I had to play this just right. The guy seemed totally devoted to his son. He wouldn't do anything to risk Pete's happiness. I had to figure out a way to make him care more about his own needs than his son's.

I was totally lost in my own thoughts. Between imagining what I'd do to him if I were able to seduce him and watching his sexy face in the moonlight as well as the water playing across his pecs, I didn't notice that he was actually talking to me. By the time I saw his lips moving, all I could say was, "Huh?!" Not exactly the sexiest thing to say to someone I wanted to seduce.

The next thing I knew, Ted moved across to sit next to me. "I guess you can't hear me over all these bubbles." Yeah...that's the reason I couldn't hear him. "I asked you how things are going with you and Petey."

I put on my best smile and said, "We're fine." Telling him that I was starting to feel like I was being trapped into a long-term relationship probably wasn't the best move.

"Are you? I mean, you can be honest with me. Young love is never easy. And I know the world has come a long way. But, young love when it's two guys is that much more difficult to navigate."

Was he asking because he genuinely cared? Or was there an ulterior motive? "What are you getting at, Ted?" I asked. "Has Petey said something to you?"

He chuckled and wiped water over his face. It glistening in the moonlight made him look even more attractive. "No. Petey's really happy. I guess I'm just trying to make sure the two of you are on the same page. I know my son. He's always had a knack for being too eager. He's been through a lot, you know? His mother and I divorcing a few years ago. It turned his life upside down. He had a rough time in high school. But, he was able to get his act together and got into college. He's done really well for himself the past couple years. I want to make sure you're not jerking him around...if you'll pardon the pun."

It was time to be honest. Even if I couldn't do it with Pete, I had to be honest with his father. "Actually, you're not wrong about Pete."

Ted took a drag on his beer. "How do you mean?"

"He's very eager. I get the feeling that he thinks of us as a couple."

Ted chuckled. "I've gotten the same impression from the way he's talked about you over the past couple months. And you don't feel the same way about my son?"

"I like Pete. I really do. Just...not in that way. To me, we're..."

The sentence just hung there in the air. I couldn't finish it. "Fuck buds?" he finished it for me in the form of a question.

For a moment, I hesitated. It was so weird having this conversation with a father about his son. "Yeah," I eventually said, wincing. "I'm sorry."

He reached up and patted my shoulder, sending shocks through my body. "You don't have to apologize, Robby. I get it. Affairs of the heart aren't ever easy. I appreciate your honesty with me. That's why I want you to be honest about something else?"

"Sure. What is it?"

"There's someone else, isn't there?" He wasn't very far off. When I demurred from answering, he laughed. "There is. Listen, Robby. Obviously you and my son fuck. And it certainly isn't appropriate for me to get in the middle of your sex life, let alone Petey's. But please... If you're running around having sex with other guys, please be safe with my son."

I knew what he was referring to. And actually, it was really sweet and cute that he cared about Pete so much. "Ted, I'm not having sex with any other guys."

"Oh... Okay, then."

Whether it was the beer or my rock hard dick trapped in my swimsuit, I felt brave enough to reach over and place my hand on Ted's knee under the water line. "But, there IS someone else that I have my eye on." To bring my point home even further, I let my hand travel farther up his leg to just under the leg of his swimsuit.

"OH...!" Looking as if it had just dawned on him that I was talking about him, Ted gave me a look of surprise. But, curiously, he didn't jerk his leg away or try to push my hand away. "So THAT'S why you were looking at me going upstairs when you first got here. And why I kept noticing you stealing glances at me all through dinner."

"Guilty!" I said with a sly grin, trying appear as non-threatening to this supposedly straight (but now I was starting to wonder...) man.

"I...uh...I don't know what to say."

Adopting a husky tone to my voice, I whispered. "Don't say anything, then." Slowly, I leaned forward and placed my lips on his, kissing him softly.

I was taking a big risk. But, I realized it had paid off when I felt Ted reach up and place his hand on my arm. He also started actively participating in the kiss. Our mouths opened and our tongues began getting involved. Jackpot! I gripped his shoulder with my left hand and then let it drift down his chest, loving the feel of his hard muscles. Being probably a little too forward, I reached lower and let my hand find his swimsuit-covered dick, palming what felt like a large tool.

Upon feeling my touch, Ted jerked backward, breaking the spell of our kiss. "Whoa! Uh... I think I've had enough of the hot tub." Ted stood up and, before he turned his back to me to climb out onto the deck, I caught sight of the huge bulge in his trunks. It was everything I wanted. And it gave me all the resolve I needed to keep pushing this. I was gonna have Ted Davison's dick tonight!

"Me too," I followed him out of the hot tub. He handed me a towel and used another to wipe off his chest. After he wrapped it around his waist - me following suit - I started to reach for his chest to touch it when he grabbed my arm and pulled me with him toward the gazebo to sit down. "Robby, I think we need to have a talk."

"Okay. What about?"

He cocked his head to one side and laughed. "You know damn well what about! I love my son. I wouldn't hurt him for the world. And what was about to happen in that hot tub would've hurt him deeply. I can't let this happen"

"I noticed you said you CAN'T let this happen...not that you DON'T WANT to let it happen." I was trying to sound more smug than I felt

"Please don't make this harder on me than it has to be..." Ted pleaded with me.

I reached over and gripped the still-prominent bulge in his trunks. "It feels pretty hard already."

Ted threw his head back and moaned before regaining his composure and swatting my hand away. "This is exactly what I'm talking about. You can't touch me like that, no matter how good it makes me feel. You're practically my son's boyfriend."

This time, instead of shuddering inwardly at the mention of that word, I shuddered openly. Spurred on by the fact that Ted seemed to be saying that he wanted me but his love for his son was stopping him AND the fact that I desperately wanted him, I scooted closer to him on the gazebo bench. "Pete's a good man. You raised him right, Ted. He'll find another guy...someone who can love him the way he deserves. But that guy isn't me. Yeah. He'll be hurt when he finds out I'm more interested in his old man than him. But, he'll get over it eventually. And, if he loves you even half as much as I can tell he does, he'll want you to be happy too."

"But..." Ted tried to protest.

I interrupted him. "Listen, Ted. Forget that your son thinks I'm his..." I couldn't bring myself to say the word.

"Boyfriend," Ted finished for me, causing me to shudder yet again. Why did I have such an aversion to that word?!?!?!

"Yeah...that. Forget for a moment that Pete thinks I'm that word. Let me ask you something, and please be honest with me. I think you owe me that much."

Hesitantly, as if he knew he'd regret agreeing to forget I meant so much to his son, Ted replied, "Okay."

"Are you attracted to me? When we were in the hot tub and we kissed, did you like what was happening between us and when I touched you?"

Ted was thoughtful for a moment, the expression on his face revealing that he wasn't happy about verbalizing what he was about to say. He brought his hand up and rubbed the back of his head. Even struggling with his emotions like this, he was incredibly handsome. All I wanted was to kiss him. Ted sighed and then looked me directly in the eyes, grinning at me. "Fine. I'll admit it. Yeah. I liked it...a lot. And I felt a spark between us when you first arrived earlier. But, I didn't think it would go any further because you're my son's..."

"Don't say that word!" I interrupted him.

Ted chuckled. "...because Petey likes you so much. But, when I looked back and saw you watching me walk up the stairs, I started to wonder if you'd sensed something between us too. But, Robby... As much as liked what we were doing and as much as I want to do it again, I can't. Pete could be home any minute from the hospital. I'm not going to let him walk out here and find us doing God knows what. I won't hurt him like that."

I leaned toward him, feeling the heat from his body. I reached up and ran my hand across his pecs. "Ted, all I want to do right now is kiss you. Can't we do that? We'll hear Pete's car pulling up the driveway. We'll have more than enough time to part ways and act like we were having an innocent chat.

"Robby..." Ted acted like he was going to try and put up a fight. But, I stopped him the only way I knew how. I leaned in for a kiss. His mouth completely contradicted everything he'd been saying to me when he immediately started kissing me back.

We must've sat there in the gazebo for at least fifteen minutes, making out. It gradually got more intense, moving from regular kissing to French kissing passionately. We'd both untied the towels we had around our waists. Ted had pushed the front of my swimsuit down and was stroking my hard dick as we kissed with one hand. He'd brought his other up to caress my neck.
