 That whole night was pretty awkward. Pete was all over me on the sofa, alternating between having his arm around my shoulders and laying his head on my upper arm, lovingly, while the three of us watched a DVD movie. Ted and I kept shooting each other glances all night. He knew the only one I wanted to be curled up with on the couch with was him. And, for my part, I noticed that Ted looked a mixture of jealous and uncomfortable.

As soon as the movie was over, Pete stretched and yawned. "I think I'm gonna head upstairs. I barely got any sleep last night at the hospital. I really need to crash!" He got up off the sofa and extended his hand to me. "You coming with me, Babe." It was just as shudder-worthy to hear Pete call me babe as it was to hear that I was thought of as his boyfriend.

I was frozen. What should I do? I absolutely didn't want to spend the night in bed with Pete. But he'd certainly think something was off if I said no. I hoped that my facial expression wasn't giving away how freaked-out I was. It was then that Ted piped-up and saved me from my dilemma.

"Uh, Petey... I think you and Robby better do separate rooms while you stay here."

Pete turned to his father and chuckled. "When did you become such a prude, Dad?! You saw us kissing yesterday afternoon. We're two consenting adults."

"I know, bud. Kissing is one thing, but... Look, I'm as progressive as the next guy. You know I love you and I'm fine with you being in relationships. But, I'm your father. I don't think you should be running around here..." He seemed to be searching for the words that would satisfy Pete and also not make him sound like a narrow-minded asshole. "Listen, Son. Please respect my wishes about this."

"But, Dad..."

By now, I'd stood up and placed my hand on Pete's shoulder. "Pete, it's okay. Your dad's right. This is his house. We should respect his wishes. I'll sleep in one of the guest rooms."

"Are you sure, Rob?"

"Absolutely!" I hope I didn't sound too agreeable.

"Okay. I'll see you in the morning, then." Pete leaned-in and kissed me on the cheek before going over to hug his father. Before exiting the living room to the foyer, he turned back to me. "You coming up?"

"Uh, yeah," I said, distracted by the fact that all I wanted was for Pete to hit the stairs so that I could pounce on Ted. "I'm just gonna hit the kitchen for a drink of water first. Then, I'll be up."

"Okay, then. Good night!"

"Good night!"

"Good night, Petey," Ted called after him, his eyes on me as his son exited the room.

I began padding into the kitchen as I heard Pete's footfalls on the stairs. I hadn't even turned around to walk back to the living room before I felt Ted's strong arms wrap around me from behind and felt him nuzzle and kiss on my neck. I spun around in his embrace and began making out with him.

After a few moments, Ted broke our kiss and whispered breathily, "God! This whole evening has been fuckin' torture! Watching you on the couch with him."

"Trust me stud," I said, as I stroked his shirt-covered chest, "I wish it was you over on the couch with me. Thank you for saving me from having to bunk in with him. Sharing a bed with Pete is the last thing that I want tonight. Uh...no offense."

Ted chuckled softly before leaning in for a quick smooch. "No worries, Robby. I want you in his bed as much as you want to be there."

"Any chance of, after he drifts off to sleep, me sneaking over to your room?"

Ted bit his lip and gave me a long, smoldering look. I swear, he almost made me cream my underwear based on that look alone. "I wish. But, we can't risk it. I told you before, I won't hurt my son. And, as bad as I want you, I won't take a chance on him discovering us together."

I pulled myself closer to Ted, so that our lower bodies were pressed against each other. I could feel his hard cock in his shorts and I knew he could feel mine. I continued stroking his chest. "If you were serious when you said you wanted to give this spark between us a chance to grow into something, he's going to have to find out about us at some point, you know."

"I know that. But me sitting him down and softening the blow is something far different from him hearing a noise and walking into my bedroom to discover us together. Now, come on," Ted parted us. "You'd better head upstairs. It's been long enough that you could've had three glasses of water. If Pete doesn't hear up come soon, he's going to get suspicious."

"Fine," I sighed. "I'll see you in the morning."

I started to leave the kitchen to head for the stairs when he grabbed my arm. "Robby..."

"Yeah?"

Ted pulled me back into another lingering kiss. "I'll be thinking of you tonight."

"Me too. Particularly when I'm jacking off before I go to sleep."

Ted grimaced and let out a low, guttural, "Fuck!" Before I left him standing there in the kitchen with a substantial bulge in his shorts.

The night passed without incident. Luckily, Pete never came knocking on my door, wanting to hop in bed with me. Unfortunately, neither did Ted. 

In the morning, I roused myself, got my teeth brushed, and cleaned-up without seeing either Ted or Pete. I made my way down to the kitchen to find Ted pouring himself a cup of coffee. "Morning," he said, giving me that same sexy smile that had first made me take notice two days ago as he greeted Pete and I when we arrived here.

"Hey!" I sidled around the kitchen island and wrapped my arms around Ted to hug him from behind, gripping his muscular pecs through his t-shirt.

"How'd you sleep?" Ted asked, as he let himself lean back into my hug.

"Pretty okay. How about you?"

"Not that great without you there with me." He turned his head to the side and I leaned forward to plant a quick kiss on his lips.

"Speaking of that, where's Pete?"

"Upstairs, asleep."

"Still?! Not that I'm complaining..."

Ted laughed. "Yeah. He was pretty tired from yesterday. He was awake earlier. Got a call from his mother, asking if he'd come over and be with her for a little while later on today."

Ted turned around to face me in time to see the huge smile on my face. "Perfect! That'll give us the kind of alone time I'd love to have with you. It'll be torture having to wait to hit your bedroom until after he leaves. But, I'm not a completely impatient man."

Ted laughed again. "Sorry to disappoint you, Robby. Before his mom called, Pete had planned to take you around the OC and show you the sights. When he found out that his mom needs him today, he asked me to take over as tour guide. And that's what I'm gonna do."

I leaned back and looked at him with what I'm sure had to be confused disappointment. "Seriously...?"

"Oh yeah... You want him to quiz you about the scenery and you only be able to tell him what my bed sheets look like?"

"That's not true. I'll be able to tell him about your sexy gray chest hair, how hot your cock and balls are, and that cute ass of yours, too."

"Mmmm..." Ted let out a low moan before leaning in for a lingering, extended soft kiss. After a few moments, he backed away suddenly. "Nevertheless, I'm going to do what Petey asked of me!" He pulled keys out of his shorts pocket and plopped them in the palm of my hand. "I've got to get a couple things together and I'll meet you out in the car."

I must've lost myself in scrolling through the news feed on my phone, because I didn't even notice Ted exiting the house. It wasn't until he opened the car door and hopped into the driver's seat that I put my phone away. As we pulled out of the driveway, Ted reached over with his right hand and placed it on my left hand. Sweet...

"So, what sort of exotic places are you going to drag me off to see today?"

Ted turned to glance at me, flashing me a smile before turning back to the road. "Just one. We're going to a fairly secluded part of the beach. It's my favorite spot to go to. It's where I want to spend the day with you. But, when we get back, we're going to tell Petey that you enjoyed the spot so much that you begged me to end the sightseeing tour there."

My curiosity was piqued. To me, a beach is a beach is a beach. I had to see for myself the place that Ted found so peaceful that he considered it his favorite spot in this sprawling, diverse, and beautiful county. When we arrived and I lay eyes on it, I immediately understood why he loved coming here. He was right. There was literally no one else on the beach. The waves were calmly lapping against the shore and the blue water looked absolutely stunning.

After a few minutes of standing at the shore, making small talk, Ted knocked me on the upper arm with the back of his hand. "Hold tight here for a minute. I've got something in the car to make this day perfect."

"Lube and condoms?" I teased him.

Ted laughed as he jogged backward. "I'll be right back." He turned around and continued jogging away. I made my way up from the shore near to the empty lifeguard station, sat down in the sand, and watched the waves rolling in. Even more, I understood why Ted liked coming here. The peace of it all really allowed your mind to open up and thoughts to flow freely. I started thinking about how much things had changed for me in the span of just three days. Sure, they'd taken a turn for the better. But they'd also become a lot more complicated. I'd fallen for the sexiest man on the face of the Earth. And it seemed like, at the least, he was interested in seeing if he and I were a match for more, too. Unfortunately, he was the father of the guy who was more into me than I was into him. In fact, Pete thought I was his boyfriend (shudder). Now, Ted and I couldn't move forward without hurting Pete.

As I was sitting there, ruminating on why life had to be so complicated and why, to get to the good stuff, there had to be pain and unhappiness, Ted returned. When I didn't notice that he was standing next to me, he leaned down and placed his hand on my shoulder, causing me to jump in surprise. As he knelt down on the sand, he chuckled. "Where were you? You seemed as if you were miles away."

"Just thinking," I smiled back at him.

"About what? It must've been pretty deep stuff."

"Just about how great today has been so far and how there's nowhere else I'd rather be and no one else I'd rather be spending time with than you." I lied to him. I figured it was best not to bring Pete up and potentially ruin the good day we'd been having. "You're right. This place is amazing!"

"I told ya!" Ted said, as he spread out a blanket on the sand. It was only then that I noticed he brought back a picnic basket with him. I don't just come here to have deep thoughts like Jack Handey, you know. It's a pretty good place to swim, too. I'll occasionally surf some. And I've been known to put on a wetsuit and swim fins to do a little deep sea swimming farther out."

"Really? My, my, Ted Davison. You're just full of surprises."

Ted just grinned at me. "Stick with me, Robby. You'll soon see I'm more than just a piece of meat!"

"I can't wait." I reached over and patted his hand. We had a "moment" as we looked into each other's eyes. I saw such warmth and passion in them. I really couldn't wait to see where this thing with Ted went. I surely hoped whatever we'd found in each other would survive Pete finding out about us. As I helped him flatten the blanket out and then sat on it with him, I gestured toward the basket. "What's all this?"

"Just a little something I brought along to enhance the joy of this scenic location." Ted opened the basket and pulled out a plate of fruit, cheese, and crackers. Then, he surprised me even further by pulling out a bottle of wine and two glasses. "How does a romantic picnic on the beach hit you?"

"Like a bouquet of flowers and a basket full of kittens and puppies that only want to lick your face underneath a sky full of rainbows and sunshine!"

Ted laughed. "That's SO cheesy!" And proceeded to throw a grape at me.

I picked it up out of the fold of my t-shirt, where it had come to rest and tossed it back at him playfully. As if this was some sort of perfectly choreographed scene in a movie or a TV show, Ted caught it in his mouth and, as he chewed on it, wiggled his eyebrows at me, playfully.

We must've spent the next couple hours sitting there. Ted was leaned back against one of the support beams of the lifeguard stand and I'd positioned myself in front of him, leaning back against his chest in his embrace. We split time between eating, drinking wine, having casual conversation about our lives, and making out.

It was truly the perfect afternoon. And, even though we'd sort of taken things out of order by having sex first, it felt like we were on a first date...a really wonderful first date. And, as many first dates tend to, ours eventually ended in sex.

After our food plate was empty, Ted got increasingly frisky, reaching down and palming my crotch, massaging it, and kissing my neck. Of course, I couldn't let that treatment pass me by without returning the favor and reaching behind me to feel him up. Eventually, we both fell back onto the blanket, him on top of me, kissing me passionately. The moment that he broke out make out session to pull his shirt off, I got a little shy. "Ted? Here? What if someone sees?"

"I didn't realize you were so modest. That didn't come across two nights ago when we were in my bed."

"I love sex. But I'm no exhibitionist. And what if the beach patrol or the police happen by? I don't want to get arrested!"

"It's so cute how shy you're being right now. Don't worry. This isn't my favorite place in the world for nothing. I know the patrol schedule like the back of my hand. We'll be fine. And, as far as anyone else seeing us," he gestured behind him. "Have you seen a soul the whole time we've been out here?"

"No."

"That's right!" Ted leaned down and began licking the side of my neck, causing me to wriggle in pleasure. He raised up and whispered in my ear. "So let me show you how being with you makes me feel, Robby? Will you let me do that? Huh? Will you?" He reached down and massaged my straining cock trapped in my shorts.

"Ohhhh, fuck!"

Ted chuckled. "I'll take that as a yes..."

Our kissing resumed until we were both naked. I was so wrapped up in the passion that we were generating that I'd all but forgotten that we were on a public beach. I was only concerned with the naked man I was quickly falling head over heels for. We took turns sucking each other's cocks and Ted laid one hell of a rim job on me before lying flat on the blanket to let me ride him.

Ted and I were literally a perfect fit. Not just cock and ass, but as people. If only I'd met him before I'd met his son. All of this could've been much less complicated. Looking down at his handsome face and into his eyes, I knew I wouldn't mind the two of us ending up together. I was so overcome by the lust and the romance of the moment, I leaned forward, letting all of his cock except for the head come out of my ass, so that I could kiss him. Ted wrapped his arms around me and held me to him as we kissed passionately, our tongues intertwining and battling. I loved the feel of his chest hair rubbing against me and how I felt in his arms. This is what I'd wanted for the longest time.

With his arms still wrapped around me and continuing to kiss me, Ted began thrusting upward and fucking me from beneath me. With most lovers I'd had in the past, it took several times together for us to even begin to understand what each other wanted and to form a decent rhythm to sex. This was only the second time Ted and I had fucked and he seemed to already know what I wanted and what I needed. By the time he shot his load in me, it was a good thing our mouths were glued to each other because he definitely would've had me moaning loud enough for anyone who might have been within earshot to hear me.

Sometime later, with his load deep inside me, my load drying out each of our torsos, and us snuggled together, basking in the afterglow of our lovemaking, warmed by our body heat, I heard the unmistakable sound over the crashing waves of a man's throat clearing. Ted and I both looked up to see a guy...maybe a little older than me, standing down at the shoreline and an older man farther down the shore, looking a little displeased.

"Uh..." I said, not able to form any words.

"I'm sorry to disturb you guys," the younger guy said. Oh great. Here it comes. I'm sure the next words out of his mouth will be about how he's just placed a call to the police and they'll be here soon to haul both of us downtown for public indecency, among other things. "Rick said I shouldn't bother you," he gestured to the older man off in the distance. "But I just had to say..."

I turned to scowl at Ted, who didn't seem the least bit fazed by the fact that we'd been discovered having sex on a public beach. "I told you this was a bad idea!"

Ignoring my remark to Ted, the man continued. "What the two of you were doing was...........beautiful. Don't worry. We didn't see the whole thing. We happened upon you as you were finishing. But, Rick and I both think it's great how connected the two of you are. It's obvious that the two of you are really in love."

Ted knocked me on the arm with the back of his hand and turned to look at me. "See, Hon! Even HE can see how into you I am!" He was grinning proudly at me. Admittedly, I felt like grinning back at him. It looked like our two peeping toms weren't going to turn us in. I was starting to feel a lot less tense.

"You've given hope to Rick and me," the young man kept talking. "We're just starting out as a couple and the Dad/Son age difference thing has been a little hard to navigate. But, couples like you give us hope that, if we can make it through the awkward phase, we'll be into some really great stuff. Thank you!"

"Glad to be an inspiration," Ted called out to be heard above the waves.

"Well, I'd better catch up with Rick. We've got family in from NorCal and we're supposed to go out to dinner with them. See you around!"

"Later!" Ted called out. And we both waved to Rick as the younger man jogged down the shore to him.

I exhaled heavily as I reached for my clothes to hastily put them on before we had any other visitors. "Oh my God! We were so lucky that they were friendly!"

"Friendly, hell!" Ted said, nonchalantly. "The way he was eyeing us, I think the younger one wanted to make it a threesome!"

"Or have you all to himself," I teased.

Ted reached out to stop me from putting my shirt on. "Wait. Don't put that on yet."

"You can't be serious! After what just happened, you really want to risk going for Round 2?!"

He leaned in and kissed me on the cheek. "With you? Any time. Any place. But that's not it. Do you really want to risk Petey being home when we get there and you come rolling in, smelling like sex? Let's take a quick dip in the ocean to clean up."

"Good point!"

After a quick dip in the ocean, Ted and I dried off, got dressed and headed for the car. All the way back to the house, I couldn't wipe the smile off of my face. This was actually turning into the best thing that had ever happened to me. And I wanted it to last forever. Sure. Telling Pete about us would be rough. But, everything had worked out so well so far. I was starting to believe that telling Pete and the fallout from that would be a breeze too.

A forty-five minute drive later and we had pulled into the garage back at Ted's. I was out of the car with my hand on the doorknob, to enter the house when Ted grabbed my arm. "Wait!"

"What wrong?"

"Nothing," Ted grinned at me. "Just this..." He leaned down and kissed me softly and sweetly. God, I was SO falling for this man. "I had a wonderful time today, in case you couldn't tell."

"I didn't really notice. I was too busy having a wonderful time myself. You're a top notch tour guide, Ted Davison."
