 They returned from Matt's CT an hour later. The doctor seemed pretty satisfied that he would recover fully and that he only sustained a minor concussion. 

"You need to be more careful of what and how much you eat. Anemia can turn pretty serious if you don't look after yourself." the doctor said as he was getting Matt's paperwork ready for us to leave.

"Don't worry; he won't get the option of neglecting his diet again." I said firmly. I didn't care if it made me sound like an overprotective boyfriend, I was going to make sure he stayed healthy and strong.

"Good. Now the concussion is only minor, but I wouldn't recommend you sleeping alone tonight. If you start to feel nauseous and have to throw up more than twice, you need to come back in here. Also, I would strongly recommend that you don't drive for at least a week."

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Matt was quiet on the drive over to my house. His eyes were drooping and he looked exhausted. As I parked the car, I suggested he go up to my room and take a nap. We don't have a spare bedroom and I had to get the mattress down from the attic, so he'd have to take his nap in my bed. Normally he would have insisted that it could wait until we'd wrestled the mattress downstairs together, but today he just nodded his head and went to my room.

I decided I could get the mattress when dad came home, so I wouldn't have to do it by myself. Instead I went to the kitchen and got a glass of water for Matt, along with the bottle of aspirin. I found him curled into a ball on top of the covers on my bed. He seemed more alert now, although he looked just as tired. He looked up at me as I put the glass and the aspirin on the nightstand.

"You know, it feels really weird to be so tired after sleeping so well last night." he said quietly.

"I'm sure it does. You've been through a lot since then though." was all I could say in response as I didn't know if we were still pretending that we didn't share a bed last night.

"I think another sleep like that would really make me feel better." he said and shifter over a little bit, making room for me.

I guess we're done pretending then, I thought and silently laid down next to him. I could hardly believe it as he wrapped his arms around me and moved my head to rest on his shoulder the way it had this morning. It was pure bliss and it seemed that he felt the same way; less than five minutes later he was snoring softly. I, however, was way too pepped up to even contemplate napping. 

Laying this close to him was pure bliss and my chest felt like it wasn't properly up to the task of containing all my emotions at the moment. Knowing that he had purposely initiated this made all the difference in the world and I was free to enjoy the moment without worrying about him waking up. 

Much too soon, I heard my parents come home. Every other Sunday, they would walk over to visit some friends that lived just a few streets away. Knowing they would notice our shoes in the hall, I made myself get up and tell them what the doctor said.

"There you are! Where's Matthew?" mom said as soon as she spotted me. 

"He's sleeping in my room. He was really tired."

"What did they say at the hospital?" dad said to my surprise.

"They reckon he's anemic and that he may have sustained a minor concussion when he fainted. They won't know for sure until they get the blood-work back, but a healthier diet should do the trick."

"Oh good, nothing to worry about then." dad said, clearly putting the matter behind him.

"Anemia can be very serious, Phil!" mum chastised. "That boy needs someone to look after him. He may look and sound all grown up, but he can't always be the one who takes care of everyone else."

"His parents are thinking about moving into an apartment in the fall. Matt's not sure they'll get one with room for him." I told her, my anger creeping into my voice. "I told him he can come home with me for the holidays. I hope that's okay."

"Of course it is, honey. That boy has been part of this family since the first day of school. Good thing too, those parents of his don't deserve him." Mum sounded unusually fierce, and I loved her for it.

Hugging her, I said; "Thanks." I would have thanked her for being nothing like Matt's mum, but I was a teenage boy after all; I had to stay somewhat in character or she would die of shock.

"What do you think he would like for dinner?" she asked.

"Not sure, it probably doesn't matter as long as there's plenty of it. Make it something healthy?"

"Steak and veggies it is, then."

"Sounds good. I'm gonna go check on him." I said and headed upstairs.

"I'll start on dinner in an hour or so." she called after me.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

When I got to my room, Matt was awake and sitting on the bed. 

"You're up. How are you feeling?"

"Better." he replied. "I heard you talk to your mom. She's very kind."

"She worries about you." I hesitated before almost inaudibly adding; "Almost as much as I do."

Trying not to blush, knowing it would only make my statement that much more revealing, I sat down on the bed next to him. 

"Dinner should be ready in an hour and half. You wanna try and get some more sleep before then?"

He shrugged. "Not sure. I could sleep more, but I don't feel like I need to."

"I could put on a movie." I suggested.

"Sounds good."

I put on a movie we'd both seen before and sat down next to him on the bed. Five minutes later he was snoring softly. I chuckled and moved a little closer so he could rest his head on my shoulder. It felt so good to be able to look after him that I didn't even feel guilty about it.

When I heard mom call up the stairs that dinner was ready, I gently shook him awake and we went down to dinner where both mom and I proceeded to be pretty obvious about offering him second and third helpings of everything. After dinner, I got dad to help me get the mattress down to my room. As Matt helped me make the bed, I asked him what he wanted to do with the rest of the evening. 

"I don't really know. It's still kinda hard to focus my eyes properly on anything. If you wanna read or watch TV that's fine, but I think I'll just rest if that's okay." he said and lied down on the mattress.

Deciding to read, I got my book from my desk and carefully maneuvered my way around the spare mattress now occupying almost all of the floor space.

"Did you call your parents yet?" I asked as I got into bed.

"Yeah, they didn't answer. I'll try again tomorrow." 

The flatness of his tone made me long to wrap my arms around him; he sounded so painfully unsurprised. "When do they get back?"

"Dad gets home on Tuesday and I think mum comes back Thursday night."

He seemed to settle for the night soon after that and I read for a couple hours before turning off the light. I lay in the dark just listening to him breathe for a while. It turned out he hadn't been sleeping, when he whispered; "You awake?"

"Yeah, what's up?"

"I can't sleep..."

"Did you want me to help you out with that?" I asked, feeling my stomach tighten with excitement. I held my breath as I waited for him to say yes.

He didn't. Instead he just crawled into my bed silently. It took me by surprise, but I was more than happy to make room for him. Because I was already occupying most of the space he was the one to rest his head on my shoulder this time, but that suited me just fine. I put my arms around him and rested my cheek against the top of his head. All the excitement of the day must have taken it out of me too, I was out like a light much sooner than I would have liked.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

The week passed quickly and Matt recovered in no time. He was over for dinner at my house more often than not; mom was hellbent on making sure his blood-work came back normal after his check up next week. His quick recovery meant that he'd slept in his own house, and I was shocked at how much I missed him after such a short time. 

Our schooldays were mind-numbingly ordinary and it was like the weekend had never happened with the exception of the improvement to Matt's diet and the absence of Jane. We excitedly planned for the weekend while I quietly contemplated Jane's advice about telling Matt about my feelings for him. The very idea was terrifying, but there was a hopeful little voice in my head saying that what happened last weekend couldn't have been entirely platonic. It was almost completely drowned out by the other voices in my head screaming that I was an idiot for reading too much into what happened. 

On Wednesday, Jane caught up to me in the hallway with an urgent; "So, have you told him yet?"

"I never said I was going to tell him!" I hissed back at her. We were surrounded by people and I guess you could say I didn't feel entirely comfortable discussing this here. 

"I know, but I thought you might have seen sense since then." She smiled at me sweetly.

"Yes, well I'm not willing to take a risk like that."

"That's a shame." she said as the bell rang.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

Friday afternoon we put our stuff in dad's car and headed north to the cabin. Matt looked pretty exhausted and fell asleep quickly. I drove in silence, content to simply have him near me. It felt right and I was certain we'd have a good time. Jane's advice had stuck with me, but there was no way I was going to take it. 

He woke up as I turned onto the unpaved road leading up to the lake. It was a little after seven o'clock and the golden sunlight streaming through the trees made the whole area look nicer than I'd ever seen it before. It was Matt's first time here, and I was glad that he could see it looking this nice. Hopefully the weather would stay this nice all weekend so we wouldn't be cooped up inside all the time. 

We got our stuff out of the car and settled into the cabin for the weekend. As we were putting the food away we discovered a surprising amount of beer left in the fridge. We decided to make the most of the free alcohol and headed out on the deck to drink and watch the sun go down. We didn't bother dragging the chairs out and just sat down with our feet dangling over the edge.

For a while we didn't say much; I was tired and Matt seemed a little pensive. I was already starting to get tipsy when he asked; "How did it go with Jane at school this week? Are you guys cool?"

"Yeah, if anything we get along better than before. I mean, we're not best friends or anything, but I told her I was into someone else and she was pretty much fine with that."

"That's the impression I got too, but it just seemed a little unlikely that things would go that smoothly." he said while staring out over the water.

"It didn't start out that great. You could say I didn't ease into the whole Steven thing very elegantly. We both got a little angry." I said and washed away my lingering shame from the encounter with a mouthful of beer.

"Fair enough. I'm sorry I doubted her." he said, looking a little shamefaced himself.

"It's fine. Imagine if you hadn't said anything and you were right." I replied calmly.

"I apologized to Jane about it yesterday."

"So are you okay now?" I hadn't noticed any hard feelings between the two of them, so his apology came as a surprise.

"Yeah, she said she would have done the same thing if she was in my position. I actually ended up talking to her for a while." 

"What about?" I asked impatiently as he finished his bottle before continuing.

"The breakup and her fight with Emma, but mostly about you."

"Oh yeah? Do I want to know what she said?" I was starting to feel decidedly uneasy about where this was heading.

"She didn't say anything bad, she's honestly not mad at you. She just said that she thought you were keeping something from me that maybe you shouldn't. She wouldn't tell me what it was though." he said as he got up. "I'm gonna grab another beer. Do you want one?"

"Sure," I said, even as I got my phone out to text Jane. 

"Don't yell at her. She meant well. If you don't wanna tell me, then I'm not gonna make you." he said as he walked back inside.

Letting out a frustrated sigh, I leaned back and watched the early stars coming out while I waited for him to get back with the beers. I knew he meant what he said and that the decision to tell him would ultimately be mine, but I still didn't like having the topic brought up. I was annoyed, but truly well-meaning people are difficult to get angry with and I was having a hard time directing it at anybody but myself. 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~

The night was warm and we stayed outside for the next few hours while working our way through the majority of the beer in the fridge. We talked about everything and nothing, but I couldn't seem to stop thinking about what Jane had told Matt. Eventually, I couldn't help myself anymore and got my phone out to text Jane: "Have you told Steven how you feel???" Sarcasm never travels well in writing, but this time I couldn't think of a way around it.

After a while, we were both on our backs quietly watching the stars spin slightly. Thinking Matt had fallen asleep, I turned my head to look at him. His eyes were halfway closed, but he was looking straight at me. Just as I was working up the strength to look away, he slowly reached out and carefully put his hand on my cheek. I was stunned.

"Why didn't you tell me?" he asked in a whisper. When I couldn't think of anything to say, he continued; "Did you think I'd hurt your feelings?"

It was clear the cat was well and truly out of the bag, so there was not much to do but fess up, so I said; "I didn't want to make it awkward for you. I'd hate it if it ruined everything else."

He was stroking the side of my face lightly with his fingertips now, and it was seriously messing with my head.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"I thought that was obvious." he replied and rolled over on his side so that he was right next to me. "Why do you think I've been single for so long? I was waiting for you." he said simply and leaned down and kissed me with surprising hesitation.

My brain wasted precious seconds just processing what was happening, before I could even begin to register the sensations of the kiss. His lips were feather light, soft and dry, gently coaxing my own to respond to him. All conscious thought left me as I responded to him with every fibre of my being. My hands tangled in his hair, pulling him closer to me. My breath caught as the kiss grew more intense. As my lips started moving in tandem with his, his stubble brushed against them in a delicious and brand new texture.

My enthusiasm seemed to spur him on, and he rolled his body further over so that he was halfway on top of me. I loved it. His hands moved from my face and travelled down my body. I moaned as he squeezed my erection. He chuckled at that and I bit his lower lip gently in return. Apparently he liked that because he let out a moan almost identical to mine. Just as he seemed to really get into it, he stood up and reached out a hand indicating for me to do the same. 

"We better take this inside." he said in response to my puzzled expression. 

It didn't take me long to comply and we practically raced to the master bedroom. I was barely in the room before he started tearing my clothes off. Once he pulled my shirt over my head, his lips bore down on me again. Despite his impatience he was surprisingly tender as he landed a trail of kisses along my jaw before settling just below my ear, nibbling and sucking on that delicious sweet spot. 

I got lost to the bliss of it again until the realization that I was almost naked and he was still fully clothed hit me and shyness set in. Deciding against covering up and instead opting for getting him naked, I started pulling at his clothes. Noticing my efforts to undress him, he somewhat reluctantly ended his efforts to give me a hickey and helped me out. 

Once we were both naked, there was a moment of hesitation. We both knew this was it and that there was no going back if we didn't stop now. It didn't matter how much I loved him or that I was hornier than ever before, I was still terrified. Luckily, Matt took charge of the situation once again. He pulled me in for a hug and whispered almost inaudibly in my ear "I love you." before pulling back slightly so he could look at me. 

The sense of fear and insecurity that I could read in his eyes made all the difference. I practically pounced on him and suddenly I was the one who was in charge. I wanted him so much it hurt, I physically couldn't get close enough. Running my hands through his hair and kissing him like a madman, I could feel my body burning for him. I don't even remember getting into bed, but all of a sudden there we were. He pulled me up short when he got a firm grip on my erection; the sensation was almost too much. I wasn't so much worried that I was going to cum too soon, more that it was going to be painful when I did. I gently moved his hand away and rolled him onto his back. 

Sensing that I was taking charge of the proceedings, he said; "Hey, I was gonna play with that!" and reached for my cock again. I tried to swat his hand away, but he simply rolled back towards me and flipped me on my back and started kissing his way down my chest.

Getting a little frustrated now, I said; "I was looking forward to tasting you."

As he reached my bellybutton, he replied; "I bet I've been dreaming about this for a lot longer than you, so will you just shut up and let me suck you?"

He didn't wait for a response, and all conscious thought left my head as my cock was enveloped in his hot mouth. Just as I was getting into it properly, he lifted his head again and looked me in the eye.

"Shit, I've been dying to do that for so long that I just dove in. I've fantasized about going down on you so many times, I had it all planned out, and now I finally get to do it and I totally lose control."

My heart swelled so much at this, I couldn't think of anything to say so I just stroked his cheek gently and relaxed back against the pillows. If he wanted to take his time and make this as pleasurable as possible, then I certainly wasn't going to stop him.

Grasping the base of my cock firmly, he seemed to savor the taste as he licked me all over. Sucking gently on the head and tonguing the slit, he moaned in appreciation before looking up at me again saying quietly; "You're absolutely delicious, Jake." 

My balls were throbbing, and I found myself groaning; "Please." and resting my hand gently on the back of his head. As Matt swallowed as much of my cock as he could manage and started to suck me in earnest, I found I couldn't help myself from thrusting gently into his hot mouth. My legs, bent at the knees, were spread as far as they would go as I gave myself over to him completely.

I wasn't the only one getting lost in the blow job; Matt was bobbing his head up and down enthusiastically, and every now and then he'd grunt happily. As he got more into it, he was able to take me further into his mouth. Eventually, he moved his hand away and swallowed most of my length. I could feel his tight throat on my cock head and I knew I wasn't going to last much longer.

It didn't help my situation when he cupped my balls gently and started kneading them in a way that made me make a mental note to reciprocate; it was clearly a technique he'd perfected while practicing on himself over the years. It felt absolutely amazing, so much so that I was fairly disappointed when his hand trailed further down towards my perineum. He tickled me there for a few seconds before pulling away. 

He chuckled as I groaned in disappointment and looked at him with grudging eyes. He smiled at me good-naturedly and stuck his finger in his mouth briefly before getting back to work on my cock. My whole crotch was tingling so much from his ministrations that I nearly didn't notice the naughty little index finger trailing downwards towards my asshole. I could feel my balls start to contract as my cum seemed to be boiling to escape my body. 
