 I've been controlling my urges to drive around town naked while stroking my cock for months. It's been a year since I've stripped naked in my car, sitting on a hand towel, and lubed up my cock and drove through the busiest parts of the city naked and hard and masturbating. It's been just as long since I've had strangers cumming on my face, or sucked a cock or groups of men in public. One of the things that has helped me control my cravings has been seeing a psychologist on a regular basis, one who specializes in sex addiction. I have been spending my personal masturbation time at home stroking to porn, safely in my house where I'm not breaking any laws. Being gangraped in jail may serve as masturbation fantasy material now, but at the time I had very intense feelings about never ending up in jail again.

A few days ago, I was home naked and masturbating to porn, girlfriend was out of town so I knew I could get away with something a little extra kinky with her gone. I was turned on, edging, naked stroking my lubed hard cock, when I realized I had to leave in order to make it to my psychologist appointment across town on time. I slipped on a pair of shorts and a tshirt, and sandals, and then grabbed a hand towel and my lube, and went out to my car. I stripped off my shorts and tshirt, sat on the towel, lubed my cock and stroked as I pulled away to drive across town.

I drove on the very busiest pedestrian-friendly streets to get across town, and after a 45 minute drive through afternoon street traffic, I arrived and slipped on my shorts, tshirt, and sandals again and walked into my appointment. Afterward, I got naked again in my car and drove during busy rush hour through the crowded downtown streets, just feet away from cars packing every lane and moving slowly, to hundreds of pedestrians on sidewalks on all sides, while I sat there with no way to cover myself, hard as a rock, stroking myself. I spent nearly an hour just driving through downtown traffic while masturbating, thinking about sucking big black cocks, until finally I headed for a porn place with a big glory hole booth arcade.

When I pulled into the back parking lot of the porn place, it was packed but I was able to find an open parking spot. I slipped on my shorts and tshirt and sandals, put the lube with money in my pocket, car key attached to a sandal, and went inside. I was still so hard it was obvious in my thin little shorts. I paid and went in, walking through a gauntlet of horny men lining the sleazy hallway of the porn arcade with a dozen different booths, along with other types of rooms on other floors. I pulled off my tshirt as I walked into an open booth, didn't close the door, and pulled off my shorts and sandals. I stood there naked in the open booth, and put a $20 in the slot for videos. I sat down and lubed my cock and scrolled until I found a black on blonde gangbang scene. At that moment there were two men standing in the doorway of the booth staring at me. I invited them in and asked if they would cum on my face. They both said they would if I sucked their cocks. I said yes.

Like an eager slut I got on my knees naked for the men as they pulled out their cocks. I stroked and licked and sucked both guys in what I thought was a pretty skillful blowbang on my part. ;) I kept my hands stroking while sucking one cock and then the other, switching which one I suck so they all get a turn. It had been so long since I had a cock in my mouth, I was totally into stroking and sucking these guys. I was enthusiastic with those men and they both were about to cum. I had already started asking if they would cum on my face, so they knew what I wanted. I knew lots of men in the hallway were standing there watching me act so slutty. The men timed it so they told me they were going to cum and stood over me stroking until they both started cumming on my face at the same time. I felt like I hit the jackpot.

When those two guys finally stopped spurting hot thick white cum all over my forehead and face, criss-crossing each other's spurts, I could feel how it was landing on my face and how much they were cumming, and had to take my hand off my twitching rock hard cock so I wouldn't cum right then. I was on my knees moaning like a slut and then a big black cock came through the glory hole. Really big! Like 9 or 10 inches, thick, very smooth and perfectly shaped, so black and brown. I was already on my knees so I turned and sucked the black cock into my mouth and decided I was going to see if I could suck like a porn star. I licked and sucked and stroked, choking and drooling, on an anonymous black cock sticking through a hole in a thin little wall. The door to the hallway was open the whole time, so men came into my booth to play with my body while I sucked the black cock. I thought they were all good candidates for cumming on my face. That's how my mind works. I let them play with me, they all seemed to take turns, until all of their hands seemed to be on me at once just when I was taking the big black cock into my mouth, pushing to get it further down my throat. My hands were up on the wall above me, on the damp sticky wall, while I sucked a black cock up and down over and over, trying so hard to make it explode.

Just then one of the men behind me lined himself up just right, and grabbed my naked hips and shoved his hard cock into my ass. He was very strong and held me so tight I couldn't pull away. He started thrusting his hips harder and harder until he was going deeper and deeper in my tight unwilling asshole. He put his hands over mine on the wall and held me in place like that as he raped my ass with his cock. I struggled to make him stop but he held me down on the cock down my throat and raped me again and again. It didn't take very long for me to just stop struggling and let him fuck me. It stopped hurting quite as bad, and I just wasn't strong enough to stop him and the other men helping hold me in position. One of the men held my mouth to the hole in the wall by the back of my head which let the black guy fuck my throat as deep as he wanted. There was a long period, it seemed, when both guys just fucked my throat and ass as deep and hard as they could.

The guy fucking my ass finally started moaning and pulled out of my asshole and came around to specifically cum on my face. This made me so happy for some perverted reason, especially when he told me to get down low on my knees, and started spraying my face with ropes of sperm. I hadn't stopped stroking the big black cock I had been sucking (more like he had been face fucking me) while getting covered in cum from the other guy. I thought he would cum on my face, his black cock was so hard and throbbing and he was moaning, he seemed on edge. I wanted his cum on my face so bad. But when another of the guys in my booth got behind me and shoved his cock in my ass, I ended up back sucking his black cock through the glory hole some more. He lasted while the second guy fucked my ass like I was some gay prostitute or something, like I was nothing but a piece of fuck meat. Again I was slammed between whoever fucked me next and that black cock in the glory hole. Every guy came on my face, adding to the total mess on my face. After three guys fucked me until they came on my face, the black guy pulled his hard cock back and said through the hole "I'm coming over there, open the door for me"

I did. I hadn't closed the door, and had been fucked by three total strangers in public, while other total strangers watched. I had no idea who was in the hallway watching as groups of men were fucking my asshole while I sucked a big black cock through the glory hole. It could have been anyone, someone who knows me, or knows my girlfriend, or anything. Men could be secretly video recording this scene they're seeing in a porn booth of a naked man getting gangbanged and bukkaked. I hope not.

The black man came into my booth just as the first three guys got done fucking me and painting my face. He was huge. I felt very small compared to him, he was like 6'5" 240lbs of muscle. No wonder he had such a huge cock I had been sucking, and face fucking. He grabbed me by the back of my neck and pulled me to him and started making out with me, his tongue going into my mouth and me letting him, while he reached down and stroked my cock and nearly made me cum I was so on edge. He was totally feeling me up, like I was his little white guy fuck toy to enjoy, which I guess I was at that moment. I have a tendency to just go with whatever is happening, so I let him have his way with me. I was stroking his cock as he groped my naked body for a while and made out with me. Then he bent me over and pushed his big black cock against my now slutty asshole. He spit on where his giant cock was pushing into my hole, and pushed his 10 inch cock into my very very tight asshole. He added more spit and then really just started fucking me harder and deeper every time, not really slowing down for me to get used to him. I had just been ass fucked by three different strangers, who was I to be shown any sexual respect. 

I guess I had shown myself to be willing to do almost anything. Now I was getting ass fucked by one of the biggest black cocks I've ever seen, and he maneuvered me over so that my mouth was at the glory hole again, and there was another cock, a slightly above average white cock, not 10" or anything, more like 7 or 8 inches. I was thinking about the fact that I had become such a slut in one afternoon to the point where I was almost easily deep throating the white cock, and gave him maybe the best blowjob of his life. He was moaning and saying exactly that while I sucked him. The whole time I was getting ass fucked by a huge black cock, and I was loving it. My cock was rock hard, I was trying not to touch it because I knew I would cum instantly. Instead I used one hand to help with the cock through the hole, and the other to reach back and feel the black man fucking my brains out.

The black guy kept fucking my ass until the guy I was sucking knocked on the wall and said he was going to cum. I had to pull myself off the black cock and drop to the floor to get my face in front of the hole in time for him to start pumping out loads and loads of warm cum all over my face. I was so happy, he was cumming like a guy in a porn video. I knew my face must be so covered, looking like a bukkake. I wished I could see. I begged the black guy to just cum on my face, so he stood over me and face fucked me. He pushed me down until I was sitting bare ass on the cold porn booth floor, into the corner with my back against the wall, and face fucked me like my mouth was some slut's sloppy pussy. Finally he pulled out and blew my mind, he jerked out spurt after spurt and spurt over and over, every one of them felt like it was huge, until I couldn't see at all through the thick glaze of sperm over my eyes, my forehead was covered and it was dripping in my mouth. I came all over my chest at that moment.

Before I could even react he made me lick him clean while my face was so covered in cum I couldn't see anymore. I felt two or more men grab me and bend me over and one of them started fucking me. They bent me over and my mouth was pushed onto another cock. I sucked every cock like I was a performing porn actress in the wildest gangbang scenes. I made myself the horny gangbang slut I loved watching in porn, and was already more bukkaked than most videos I've ever seen. I stayed in that booth for nearly 5 hours, and it seemed like an endless stream of men who wanted to fuck me or get sucked.

They pulled me out of that booth and into a room across the hallway, where there were a couple couches made for fucking, and used all my holes at once over and over and over. There were moments when I would sob for how low I was willing to go, getting ass fucked and throat fucked by 20 or 30 strangers, and acting like a total slut the whole time. I was grabbing my phone and taking selfies of myself so I would be able to see how covered in cum my face was during the whole thing. Sometimes I would let the men who just came all over my face to take the picture, but only with my phone. Nobody else's. By the end of the 5 hours I had over 80 pictures of my face coated in cum, or with cocks in my mouth, or of my face as spurts were flying. Men used my phone to take pictures of them fucking me too. It's strange to see photos of your own naked sweaty back and ass while a big hard cock is shoved deep in my asshole and I'm sucking another cock. My favorites were the bukkake shots though, of my face covered in more cum than maybe ever before. It was definitely the most cocks in my ass ever! I had never done anything close to that other than the time I was in jail, and that had only been like 5 or 6 guys in my ass. This time it was dozens of men fucking my asshole. I had turned into a total fuck toy, in public, with strangers. When I came for the second time I started to lose my extreme horniness and realized just how covered in sperm I really was, head to toe, it seemed like an inch-thick layer from my hair to my legs. It wasn't actually a full inch thick on me, but it was close in some spots.

I started looking around for my clothes and couldn't find them. I had grabbed my sandals and phone when I was pulled from the booth, just not my shorts or tshirt. They had been left behind in the booth when I was pulled out into the room. I walked around totally naked soaked head to toe in cum looking for my clothes. My car key was attached to a sandal. I was scared I would get arrested if I tried to walk out of there naked and soaked in sperm. Some of the men said they'd help me get out to my car without getting stopped. I agreed and I walked out of there past the clerk at the ticket counter, surrounded by four of the perverts who had been in there. They got me out past the clerk and then I had to walk naked dripping sperm to my car, while trying to wipe the cum out of my eyes so I can at least see. I get to my car, cock bouncing freely, totally naked, covered in a thick dripping glaze of cum from far more than 20 guys, maybe 30 or more.

I got to my car and opened the door as the four guys walked up and surrounded me. They said I needed to suck their cocks to thank them, and they agreed to cum on my face when I asked. I squatted down next to my car and took a cock in each hand and a third in my mouth, and started giving these total strangers a blowbang right in a porn shop parking lot. It was too risky, so over the top. I had just been to see my psychologist earlier that day, and now I'm naked with no access to any clothes at all until I get home, coated in cum after a gangbang where my ass was fucked by dozen of men, all strangers, all in public. So I sucked and stroked them like a total slut, slurping and licking and sucking and moaning, pumping their cocks with my mouth and hands. Since I could only really pay a lot of attention to three guys at a time, the fourth guy grabbed my hips and pulled up my ass and shoved his cock in me hard and deep. I was being ass fucked in the parking lot while blowbanging 3 other guys. They did this for at least 5 or 10 minutes, it seemed like. I was out of my mind, stroking and sucking like a ravenous cocksucking fuck toy, getting fucked in a parking lot. Finally they all dumped me on the ground, pushed me down low and all started cumming on my face. It was almost totally simultaneous, like 2 guys would be cumming all over my face and a third would start cumming too, adding to the layers of hot sperm on my face. Before the third guy stopped cumming the fourth guy shot out huge thick streams of sperm making stripes over the other layers.

They called me a total fucking slut. I handed one of the guys my phone and asked him to take pictures of me on my knees in the parking lot dripping so much fresh cum all over my face. They're such degrading and amazing photos. I looked around and came to my senses to realize I was still completely naked with no clothes, on the ground in the porn arcade parking lot, with apartment complexes and restaurants all around. I got in my car and tried to get the cum out of my eyes so I could see. I finally pulled out of that parking lot, dripping so much sperm that it made a mess out of my car seat, plus my gangbanged asshole wasn't the freshest part of me either. I drove home that way, more covered in cum than ever before. Ass fucked dozens of times all by total strangers in public. Bukkaked by 30 total strangers in public. Ass fucked out in the fucking parking lot, while blowbanging 3 guys. All strangers, in public. I drove right through downtown and every busy pedestrian street, that completely and irreversibly naked, that soaked in sperm, that assfucked. I got home and was hard again. I walked from my car to my house naked soaked in cum, naked cock getting hard again. I found the spare key and went inside. I wanted to see the pictures of me on a larger screen. They were pure pornography, with me as the star. I got ass fucked, gangbanged, DPd, throat fucked, and bukkaked, all in public with total strangers. It's still so jarring seeing myself getting fucked. 

I didn't take a shower until the next morning before work. I stayed covered in cum all those pervert strangers all night and slept in my bed that way. The DP and bukkake pictures of myself still make me cum.

I guess I feel bad for driving naked all over town, sometimes covered in cum, and for going to the porn place and getting ganged like that, right after I had just been encouraged to be good by my psychologist. I guess I'll get back on the wagon and stop getting gangbanged by strangers, even though with this set of photos of me, I don't know if I'll ever get over it. I want to go back there and have it all happen again and again. I know I shouldn't. What do you think I should do?