 === Friendly warning: Parts of this series include incest between a man and his father ===

*****

I watched the green hills pass by as we were getting further and further away from civilization from my back seat. Wow, this place was really out there... I have to say, I was a little nervous about this whole idea. Two weeks was a long time to be somewhere in the cabin for a vacation. I’m not going to pretend like I’m not a city rat. I’m used to having my warm water, my internet connection, and my comfort. Sure, it’s nice to get out once in a while but for me personally, it gets old pretty fast.

Not to mention the company I was going with... Don’t get me wrong, Hunter - my boyfriend - is an amazing guy! A complete polar opposite of me. A person who only moved to the city because of the job opportunities. In his heart, though, he will always stay a country boy. Still, I love him. We’ve been together for over three years and it’s been my most successful relationship yet. I think this one might be the one. Nice, caring, funny... not to mention hot. Hazel eyes and a buzzcut, a constant five-o’clock shadow on his face, nicely toned body you only get when you grow up on a farm. We started dating when we were both twenty-one years old and we’re still in love. Damn, I would spend a whole month in a tent outside in the woods with him if I had to!

His dad though? He was a bit of a wildcard... I didn’t know him much. Since I was very busy at my job, I barely had an opportunity to spend any quality time with him or the rest of his family. I knew that he was very accepting of Hunter being gay and also of our relationship - all around he was probably a really nice guy, but that wasn’t apparent at first sight. He didn’t really smile much and he was the kind of person who could shut you up just by looking at you the right way.

There were some similarities between him and my boyfriend that I was able to pick up - like the nose and the eyes, for example, they were exactly the same on both of them. What set them apart though was the dad’s rougher face, graying hair, full-grown salt & pepper beard and most importantly his robust figure. Not by any means fat, more like built. He looked like he could crush your skull using just one of his fists. I quickly learned that he wasn’t aggressive in the slightest, but it was still a feature of his that was intimidating.

The distance between my boyfriend’s dad and I was one of the reasons we were going on this trip to their family cabin. Another reason was that Hunter felt that ever since his younger brother left for college, his dad was struggling with a bit of an empty nest syndrome. With their mom being gone for their entire lives, it was up to Hunter’s dad to raise him and his two brothers. Now there was nobody at home and Hunter’s dad was becoming a bit of a recluse.

Hence, this trip with just the three of us. To a secluded cabin with no internet, faulty wiring and probably tons of spiders. Greeeeaatttttt...

It was almost as if Hunter could read my thoughts. He leaned back to see me gazing out of the window and grinned.

“Don’t you worry, baby,” he said in a mocking, overly sweet voice, “I’m sure your Xbox misses you just as much as you do.”

I turned around and repaid Hunter’s grin with my own as I playfully pushed my palm against his forehead and forced him back into his seat.

“Of course, I forgot,” I added, sarcastically, “Being raised in the country makes you sooo much better than me.”

He laughed at that and even his dad let out a little chuckle. That was good. We barely exchanged any words just between us so far. If this trip was to be anything else besides incredibly awkward, that had to change.

“You know, Gary,” his dad addressed me while keeping his eyes on the road, “I don’t know what kind of horror stories my son told you about this place but it’s much nicer than you probably imagine. It was recently renovated. And when you see the surroundings, you’ll understand why did we have to get so far away to see it.”

“Okay,” I smiled, “Thanks for the kind words, but I think you two are seriously underestimating me. I’ll have you know I was in the boy scouts when I was a kid.”

“You were?” Hunter turned around again, surprised.

“Well...” I hesitated, “I mean my parents had to pick me up after about two days, but technically, yes.”

Hunter let out a howling laugh at that and reached back to mess up my hair. He knew I both hated and loved when he did that.

“Aww, that sounds so much more like you!”

“Does my son treat you like this often, Gary?” his dad asked playfully, “If so, I might have done a thing or two wrong when I raised him.”

“No need to worry, Mr. Cooper,” I assured him as I gave my boyfriend a warm smile, “He treats me like a real gentleman.”

“I hope so,” his dad responded. I could feel that the atmosphere was starting to light up already. Maybe I was a little pessimistic about this whole thing...

“And there we are!” Mr. Cooper announced as the car came to a stop, “Please, put your seats back to the upright position. We have reached our destination.”

I looked out of the window and I was surprised to find that this cabin really did look pretty nice! A little small, yeah, but the wooden exterior looked freshly new and it seemed like an incredibly cozy place - kind of like the smaller hotels in the mountains you’d normally pay outrageous money to stay in. But this was just for us - no neighbors, no other visitors... Just me, Hunter and his dad. I immediately felt bad about voicing my uncertainty about this to Hunter the night before. Perhaps we could make this a nice vacation after all!

We got out of the car and my two other companions started unloading everything immediately. Wanting to prove myself I immediately stepped in to help, even though it looked a bit funny - Hunter was carrying a briefcase bigger than my torso and his dad managed to pick up two huge coolers full of food under those muscled arms of his while I had to use two of my hands to carry one medium-sized bag. I was expecting some comments about that but both of them let it pass - they probably appreciated that I got right into it instead of sitting around and watching.

It took us an outrageous amount of time to unpack everything - by the time we were done, we were completely sweaty and panting. Hunter’s dad lost his shirt and was now wearing only a white tank top, showcasing his wide, hairy shoulders along with his pecs and a slight beer belly. If there was a gay slang dictionary, his photo is what you would find under the word “bear”. I felt comfortable having two men like this around me - I knew I was absolutely useless in the wilderness and if I was going to survive, I really needed somebody to balance that out, so to speak.

“I think that’s about it,” Mr. Cooper sighed and used one of his thick forearms to wipe the sweat off his forehead. Then his eyes grew wide as he realized something. “Oh shoot! I just remembered.”

“What is it, dad?” Hunter asked, “Did we forget something?”

“Yeah... I forgot to buy the fuel for the boiler. There’s probably not gonna be any in the basement. Dammit... Hunter, you were supposed to remind me!”

My boyfriend just shrugged.

“Don’t see how this is my fault, old man. It was your job to do.”

“Hey, don’t you get cheeky with me,” Mr. Cooper warned him half-heartedly, “But yes... you’re right. I guess I should drive to the nearest town and get some. Crap... it’s gonna be at least an hour till I get there and back!”

“You need some help with that, dad?” Hunter said, stepping in, but Mr. Cooper shook his head as he started to put his shirt back on.

“No, no, it’s okay. I’ll be back in a minute. In the meantime, why don’t you show Gary around? You guys should probably take the big bedroom. It’s spaciest and has its own bathroom so we won’t have to share.” 

“No problem, pops,” Hunter smiled and put his hand over my shoulders. His dad saw that and frowned a little bit.

“Now...” he said, grinning a little bit, “The room has a king-sized bed. Boys, I hope I can trust you that there’s going to be no funny business going on while you’re there. I know you are together but this is a family trip. Got it?”

“Absolutely,” we replied in unison.

Hunter was already french-kissing me like a lust-fueled animal as we broke into the room that was going to be ours for the next two weeks. We were both painfully horny - the last couple of weeks were a little tough and there was no time for us to get intimate. I respected his dad, of course, but we were supposed to be stuck here for two weeks. And Mr. Cooper’s room was right next to ours, sharing a wall! This was probably going to be the only opportunity we would get.

I felt my boyfriend breathing hard on my neck as he pinned me to the mattress. I could never get enough of his strong arms or his dominant personality. He was a man’s man and he never missed an opportunity to showcase that in bed. Out of the bedroom, I was his loved one who he adored and respected. In the bedroom, I was a cum-hungry slut and he considered it his personal duty to use my mouth and/or ass as his personal sex toys. Needless to say, I wasn’t complaining.

I moaned and spread my hands and legs as his hands nearly ripped the clothes off of me. My man left me bare naked only with a hardon before he started taking his own clothes off. I would never get tired of his body. Nicely toned chest with a bit of hair and a nice treasure trail, leading to a beautiful, 8” cut cock. Over the three years, he has mastered using that thing on me. He knew every single one of my sensitive spots, he knew what tempo was too fast and what was too slow and he was the first boyfriend that I ever had who managed to make me cum without anything touching my cock. He didn’t like to get topped, but since he was such an expert fucker and I was much more of a bottom anyway, I didn’t complain about that too much.

“I’ve got so much in store for you, you little slut,” he whispered into my ear, as he started grinding himself against me, his throbbing cock pressing against my belly, smearing his precum all over me, “I’m gonna give you at least two bull sized loads before my dad gets back.”

“Fuck...” I whimpered. My hand grabbed the sheet while the other one wrapped around him. Then, I realized something.

“Fuck, Hunter. Stop... Man, did we bring any lube?”

His face looked alarmed for a second before he remembered. 

“Yeah! Yeah, I have some in my backpack... Gimme a sec, I’ll go down and get it.”

Still with a hardon, he practically ran out of the room. I was waiting on the bed for a few minutes but then grew a little bored - the lube must have been on the bottom of the backpack or somewhere, hard to find. 

So I started exploring the room a little bit - which is a very fancy word for basically snooping around. The room was nicely decorated and the bed was amazingly soft - there was a lot of storage space under it as well.

I got up and opened a huge wardrobe that was on the side of the room. There were a bunch of clothes in there. What caught my eye was the hunting gear I found there - a camo jacket and a cap, together with a reflective vest and some boots. I got an idea.

When Hunter finally appeared back in the doorway holding the bottle of lube, I was standing in the middle of the room, wearing the jacket, the vest, the cap, the boots and nothing else - all looking very oversized and comical on me.

“Well, well, well,” I said in a comically deep voice, “Looks like the Hunter has become... the hunted!”

My boyfriend lost it and started laughing so hard he almost lost his hardon.

“Dammit man, that had to be the worst joke ever! I guess the elevation is doing something to my brain since I laughed at it...”

He came closer to me and his hands inspected the jacket.

“Where did you find this?”

“In the wardrobe over there,” I said, pointing to it. He looked at it and then looked back into my eyes.

“I’m pretty sure this was my dad’s...” he said, trying to remember, “Yes! He used to take me and my brothers on hunting trips when we were young. He was wearing this exact outfit!”

“Damn,” I laughed, “What a boner killer, then. I’ll take it off.”

Before I could do anything though, Hunter grabbed me by the clothes and pulled me in for a kiss. For some reason, he seemed even hornier than before. I wanted to get out of his grab and take the clothes off but he wouldn’t have that - he pushed me onto the mattress and started making out with me so wildly I was in shock.

“Man,” I laughed as I felt his lubed up fingers prodding around my asshole, “Do you really want to fuck me while I’m wearing your dad’s gear?”

“Do you wanna talk?” he raised his eyebrows at me, “Or do you want to get a ride of your life, slut boy?”

Well, that certainly wasn’t a tough question. I complied and let him lube me up before he slid his cock in. I moaned, my voice echoing around the room. It felt so free being able to be vocal - in our small apartment with thin walls, I was a little afraid to be loud during sex. And with Hunter’s dad out of the way, I could finally use my lungs completely to express how much I loved his cock inside of me.

The thing with the hunting gear made me think for a little bit, but Hunter’s enthusiasm soon made me forget about it. He was crazier than ever, manhandling my body like a pro, thrusting in and out, making it seem like he hadn’t touched another man in years! I moaned and screamed my lungs out, my hands running all over his body and my ass thrusting against his powerful tool. He threw me around like a ragdoll, switching one position after another, and each time he pounded me so hard my knees felt weak.

He was making it very hard for me to hold it. I came after about five minutes in the missionary position, the orgasm causing my whole body to shiver. He had his hands behind my back and fucked me like there was no tomorrow, his balls slapping against my scrotum and his hot breath on my neck. I moaned his name over and over as my cock started pushing out load after load of my pent-up cum, right onto his dad’s hunting gear, spraying all over it. Damn... I sure hoped his dad wasn’t planning any hunting trips while we were here.

Hunter didn’t stop there though - he didn’t even slow down. He knew too well that I didn’t mind being fucked after I came so he gave me ten more solid minutes of fucking before he finally came inside of me. He was fucking me doggy style at the time, slapping my ass and burying my face in the sheets.

“Little fuckin’ slut! Take my load, take all of it! Moan as I breed your ass, bitch boy!”

Wow, his dirty talk game was going strong today! I submitted to his demands and let my man shoot his load deep inside of me. As he did, I felt like I heard something strange... Creaking of the wood, like somebody was walking outside of the door to our bedroom.

It creeped me out at first - luckily, Hunter has finished unloading inside of me at that time and has collapsed onto my back, panting and resting, so I could listen to the sounds. They seemed like they were getting closer and closer to the door before they just... stopped.

Nothing afterward, just silence. I waited for more and felt my heart beating fast - although that might have been caused by the orgasm - but nothing came. Dammit... Was that just a hallucination? I mean we were in the middle of the woods... With this much silence around, you could probably hear every creak in the house from it settling down. It was probably nothing to be alarmed about.

“Is something wrong?” Hunter asked, after noticing me being suspiciously silent.

“No... No. I thought I heard something. That’s all.”

“That’s impossible,” he told me, breathing fast, still deep inside of me, “There are no neighbors around and my dad went to get the fuel. It’s probably the house settling down or something.”

“Yeah, that’s what I thought...” I said before turning around to him with a devilish smile, “You still got enough energy for another round? We still have about forty minutes...”

He chuckled at that before he pulled out.

“Let me just jump into the bathroom and rinse off my dick - then you can use that beautiful mouth to suck on it and get me hard again to give you another ride.”

That sounded like a solid plan! I waited on the bed as Hunter disappeared in the adjacent bathroom for a few minutes. When he came back, he laid on the bed and pulled my head into his crotch. I always loved giving him a blowjob... He leaked like a faucet and I knew exactly what to do to his dick for him to lose patience and either grab my head and fuck it until he came or go for my ass instead.

This time I got both. After I gave his piss slit a little too much tongue flicking, he started calling me names and held my head in place as he face-fucked me. I moaned and gagged, my own dick getting hard again, his precum leaking out of my mouth. For some reason, he was really careful about me not losing the hunting cap and put it back on each time it managed to slip off. He lasted for a pretty long time, wearing out my throat before he ordered me to turn around again. I turned to the door and presented him with my ass. I knew that doggy style was his favorite.

Since he just came, he lasted a really long time. I was afraid that we were going to take too long and his dad was going to come back, but I didn’t hear any more sounds from outside of the door. We were probably in the clear. Hunter took advantage of that and gave my ass some nice, hard pounding. When we finally finished, we were both red in the face and sweaty as hell, lying on the bed in a tight embrace.

“Didn’t expect that we would have to change the sheets on the first day here...” he said, his hand stroking my back.

“I did. I know exactly what kind of animal you are,” I teased him. He laughed and held me even tighter.

“Your dad’s gear is ruined,” I noted. The poor jacket and vest were now drenched in the juices of both me and Hunter. No way was going to go unnoticed - we had to wash it in secret or something.

“Yeah... we can deal with it later,” he said as he yawned. I looked up at him.

“Sleepy?” I asked. He nodded. A whole day of riding in the car - I understood completely. I was also exhausted.

“Let’s have a little nap before dad gets back,” he said, helping me turn over to a spooning position, “I’m sure he won’t mind.”

“Let’s just hope he won’t open the door and find me in his cum-stained gear,” I joked. He chuckled at that.

“Nah, he wouldn’t. He would never invade my privacy like that. Now, close your eyes and fall asleep in my arms, bitch boy.”

“Heh... All right then. Sleep tight, my big hunter!”

After that, both of us started dozing off. I just about almost fell asleep, before I heard something again. This time it was something else though... and it didn’t come from the door, it came from behind the wall that was separating us from Mr. Cooper’s room. Strange, he was already back, but didn’t try to wake us up?

At first, the weird sound didn’t ring a bell, but then I soon recognized it. The rhythmic squishing sound... Was Hunter’s dad jerking off? I calmed my breathing and listened carefully. Yeah, there was no doubt about it! He was stroking his meat in a pretty fast tempo. After a while, I heard him grunt and sigh softly. My face went red as I realized I was witnessing my boyfriend’s dad reaching his orgasm!

I tried ignoring it, but it just wasn’t possible. Hunter was already sound asleep, but for me, it was loud enough to keep me awake. Plus... there was something strangely intriguing about it. It made me wonder. Hunter’s dad was a huge man. Was his manhood as impressive as the rest of him? I didn’t really pay attention to his bulge before, I didn’t want to look like a pervert. But now I couldn’t get it out of my mind. How did he look naked? What kind of stuff would he like to beat off too? Was he anything like his son in the bedroom?
