 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

I wake up with soreness all over my body, my memory of last evening's struggle is also a little cloudy. The experience of being manhandled by my own dad is a new one to me, and there's something to it that arouses my half-sleeping brain. Without realizing it, my hand is already groping at my own manhood while my other hand is rubbing my soft belly. I wish it was as strong and as hairy as Dad's. Within a few minutes, I am already approaching the climax. My entire body shudders as my fat prick releases its white hot seed all over my hand and briefs. For a moment I feel like I'm in heaven, but then the euphoria goes away as quickly as the guilt that is replacing it. No, this isn't right, I think to myself, what happened yesterday was not right. Dad was not supposed to take it that far. I have to talk to him and sort this out.

I get off my bed and proceeded to change my clothes. I then go to the living room where Dad usually spends the weekend watching TV. When I enter the room, Dad is already waiting for me. He is wearing his usual cargo shorts and a white tank top. He is resting his butt on the back of the sofa with his beefy arms crossed. Oh right, this is the man who just kicked my ass in a wrestling match. I swallow my saliva as I approach him nervously. Our eyes meet and he brings his arms down to his side.

"Son..." He says, his hands clutching at the sofa. "I'm sorry for what happened yesterday. I, uh, got too excited because of all the adrenaline and forgot that it was just a regular wrestling match... But I understand if you're not willing to forgive me. I was not supposed to do that to anyone, let alone to my own son. So, anyway, sorry if I'm not making a lot of sense right now, I just wanted to apologize to you."

Oh, wow, this is not what I was expecting at all. I haven't seen this side of Dad in a really long time. Now that I mention it, I can't recall the last time I had a meaningful conversation with him. I guess we are not as close as father and son are meant to be. I take a deep breath. "Okay, I understand," I say, "I don't like what happened yesterday as well, but I understand."

"Really? Does that mean you're not mad at me?" 

"A little bit, but since you seem to regret it I'm mostly okay with it, Dad."

Dad lets out a breath, his body perks up a little bit as if a heavy weight has been taken off his shoulders. "That's... good to know."

"But," I continue, "I would like to make a request before I can fully forgive you."

"Oh?"

I turn my gaze away from him. "I would like... you and me... have a rematch..." I stutter.

He mulls over this for a few seconds. "You mean you wanted us to wrestle again? There's no need to prove your manliness to me, son, I already get that you're no longer a child."

"No, I mean, that's not the reason. It's, um, it's just that I want to... wrestle... with you. But not the kind of wrestling you usually do for your day job, I want the kind of wrestling you do with your friends down in the basement, if you know what I mean..." My face begins to glow red as I try to comprehend what I just said.

"Uh... I don't understand what you're talking about, son." Now it's Dad who's turning his gaze away from me, his face turning red as he tries to feign ignorance.

God, this is so embarrassing. "You know, 'first to cum loses' or 'losers get fucked.' Sorry, I've been spying on you."

"Oh..."

"Nevermind, forget everything I just said." I turn around hastily and start walking toward the door, right now there's nothing I want more than to find a really tall cliff and jump from it.

"No, wait!" Dad shouts, I freeze in place. "If that's what it takes for you to forgive me then I'll do it. Just tell me when you want to do it."

I turn to face him. "How about now?"

...

I enter the basement wearing the same clothes I wore yesterday, which is just a classic pair of gym shorts. Dad is already warming up by the ringside with a new attire. Instead of the blue wrestling trunks he wore yesterday, he is now sporting a pair of black trunks as well as a wristband on each arm. I realize that it is his professional attire (minus the boots), the one he likes to wear in his pro matches whenever he's playing the heel. Upon my reaching the bottom of the stairs, Dad gets to his feet and turns to face me.

"Before we start," Dad says, "If we're going to wrestle for real you'll need a proper gear. Here, try this out." He grabs something blue and tosses it toward me. I catch it with one hand and immediately recognize what it is. It's a pair of pro wrestling trunks with the same color as the one he wore yesterday, though this one feels brand new.

"Is this yours? It looks a bit too small for me." I say.

"Just try it out first," He says, turning to face the wall.

I take off my shorts and put on the wrestling trunks. It fits surprisingly well. I adjust my package which has grown a little bigger after seeing Dad's burly form. "Alright, let's do this."

We meet face to face in the middle of the ring. Standing this close together, I notice how similar we are in terms of size. He may be a bit taller than me, but I probably have the weight advantage. I have to keep that in mind if I want any chance of beating him.

"Just to make this clear," He says, "first to cum loses and the loser must service the winner. Is that correct?"

I added, "Also no knockout or submission."

"Right. Well then, why don't we start with a test of strength?" Dad lifts his hands just above his head. I take the cue and raise my hands to meet his warm, meaty hands. "Now try to push me back as hard as you can," he continues. I kick the ground and thrust myself forward. Dad is prepared, however, and he held his ground firmly. He then starts pushing forward as well, slowly but surely reversing the situation, and I am forced to take a few steps back before I could plant my feet firmly on the mat. We hold this position for at least half a minute, neither of us is able to push the other back, both of our heads turning bright red and beads of sweat start to appear on our foreheads. Eventually, Dad tires out and I am able to force him down onto his knees. Having proven that I am the stronger man, I finish it off with a kick square on his chest. Our hands parted as he falls and lands on his butt.

"Not bad, son. You've got potential." He says, still sitting on the mat.

"Well, I've worked hard to build these bad boys," I gloat, giving him a double biceps pose. While I am busy posing over him, Dad kicks my leg hard enough causing me to lose balance and fall sideways on top of the mat. With a speed that belies his size, he pounces on me, grabbing my legs and rolling me on my belly.

"Rule one of fighting, son." He says. "Don't get cocky until you win." He grabs one of my feet and puts it in an ankle lock.

"Ahh!" I groan. I instinctively use my free leg to thrash around. Pain shoots up from where my leg got stretched more than it should be, but I hit Dad hard enough for him to loosen the hold. I free my foot with a kick, then spin around to slug him in the face. He manages to catch my fist. I use my other hand to try to slap him, but he catches that one too. We engage in a grappling match, of which he quickly gains the upper hand. He locks my right arm under his armpit and my right leg behind his leg. I'm now in an abdominal stretch!

Dad puts his hand on top of my belly. "Are you sure you're exercising correctly? How do you still have all this fat?" He says, pinching some of my love handles.

"Hey, you're just as flabby as me!" I retort.

"The difference between you and me, son, is that my gut can take a beating. Let's see if yours can!"

I realize what he's about to do in time to flex my abs as hard as I can. His oversized fist lands with the sound of flesh meeting flesh. Oof— okay that one wasn't too bad. He prepares another strike, and there's nothing I can do to avoid it. With me securely locked, Dad decides to take his sweet time softening my belly, delivering punches after punches all while verbally mocking me. After about a dozen punches, however, I am forced to relax my gut muscle in order to breathe in some air. Big mistake. Dad delivers one devastating blow that sinks deep into my belly, driving a lot of air out of my lungs. I moan as he keeps forcing his fist deeper into my belly. He then opens up his fist, turning it into a brutal stomach claw, forcing even louder moan out of my mouth. I can't believe how much this is turning me on. My dick is starting to strain against my light blue trunks.

"Getting excited, aren't we?" Dad says. He takes back his hand that was abusing my defenseless belly, only to put it right on top of my crotch. He then starts kneading my package which isn't used to this kind of treatment and is growing hard at record speed. Damn it, there's no fucking way I'm going down this easily! I desperately search for a way out, and suddenly my free hand manages to go under his knee. I pull his leg up, causing him to lose his balance and falls onto the mat with me on top of him. I roll on top of his body and ended up pinning his upper torso with my girthy frame. My hand accidentally falls on top of his groin and to my surprise Dad is already rock hard. I decided to work over his gut instead as payback, but I could only put a couple punches in before Dad pushes me off of him. However, my fingers manage to catch the top of his briefs, and as I am being pushed away from him I am able to take his briefs down with me, revealing his mighty hard pecker. Dad realizes what has just happened and quickly try to pull it back up, but I have a head start so I decided to take it off of him completely.

"Who's getting excited?" I ask jokingly. I twirl his underwear once around my finger before tossing it out of the ring.

Dad leaps on top of me with lightning speed and before I know it his hands are already holding on my new shiny trunks. He pulls it off of me with one smooth motion, my semi hard dick springs to life upon release. He gives me a shit eating grin and throws the trunks out of the ring, leaving both of us naked.

Dad decides to get back on his feet instead of fighting me on the ground. I do the same and take a few steps back, trying to keep my distance from him in case he's trying to lunge at me again. We end up circling each other for a tense few seconds, each of us trying to find an opening. But then he closes the distance with a few quick steps and thrust his hands toward me. Somehow I manage to catch both of them in time, and suddenly we are engaged in another test of strength. This time, however, I am exhausted and caught off guard. Dad pushes me all the way until my sweaty back hits the rope and our bellies come into contact with each other. He then releases his hands so that he can perform a vicious claw hold on both of my nipples. 

"Oooohhh," I moan. This is turning me on big time. I don't want to give him the upper hand just yet so I send a jab at his belly. He clearly wasn't prepared to get hit, because his double nipple claw goes weak, allowing me to pry his hands off of my nipples. Now is my chance! I charge at him, tackling him right in the gut. His back hits the mat with a thud. Sensing that he isn't going to get back up anytime soon, I decided to position myself so that I'm sitting on his big belly, my balls resting on top of his forest of chest hair and my semi hard prick pointing at his face. Feeling confident that I got him good now, I flex my biceps once more as a show of dominance.

Dad's hands traverse their way up against my belly. Whatever he's planning to do, I'm not going to let him do it. I slap his hands away from me and instead give him a vicious pec claw. Dad writhes in agony as I squeezed his big, beefy pecs. Then I remembered that Dad is especially sensitive on his nipples. I quickly change my target from his pecs into his nipples. 

"Oooohhhh..." His groans turn into moans as I keep on putting the pressure. I let go one of my hands to reach back and grab his swelling cock. I can feel that it's already leaking even though I only played with his weak spot for a little bit. Dad doesn't seem to put up a lot of resistance, maybe he has already given up? Whatever, I'll just make him blow his load right now and claim the victory. That's when I feel something weird on my belly. I turn to face him only to see that he has just plunged his thumb into my navel. Not only that, his other fingers are also massaging my soft, flabby gut. The navel thrust is especially effective at sending electric pleasure all over my body, and my dick quickly reaches its maximum size.

"Aha! Found your weak spot!" Dad exclaimed. Fuck, how does he know? My belly is indeed unusually softer than most people, and it has caused me a great deal of trouble when playing football. Even Coach knows about it, and he has a special training session just for that.

I stopped playing with his junk and decided to stop him from exploiting my weakness. But before I can do anything Dad's forearm is already coming my way. I have no time to mount up a defense, the forearm hits my already damaged gut like a sledgehammer. WHAM! I instantly crumpled under the blow. A bit of saliva leaks out of my mouth as I rest my head against Dad's chest. That hit took a lot of air out of me.

Dad rolls himself forward, which causes me to roll backward. Our position is now reversed, me with my back laying on the mat, and Dad on sitting position looking down on me. My balls and fully erect cock rest against his stout, hairy belly. He deftly moved his limbs so that my legs are trapped between his waist and elbows, while my arms are pinned under his legs. That left my gut wide open for all to see.

"Any last words, son?" He asks mockingly.

I grit my teeth and look up at him. I say, "Screw you." 

"No, I am going to screw you!" Both of Dad's hands turn into a fist, and I instantly know where it's going to go. Unfortunately, there's nothing I can do except flexing my abs as best as I can. Bam! Bam! Bam! He hits me with a barrage of jabs, all of them landing somewhere on my broad belly. He is unable to produce a powerful enough force because his elbows are busy pinning my legs. Despite that, my gut has already taken a lot of beating throughout the match, and it wasn't long before it caved in to the relentless beatdown. Oomph! He hits the middle of my breadbasket and his fist sinks a couple of inches into my belly as if the outer layer of fat is trying to swallow it whole. I cough. Dad stops the beatdown and instead continues prodding my navel with one hand while the other is rubbing my sore tummy. My dick jerks and shoots out some precum. Seeing this, Dad stops the rubbing and instead uses that hand to stroke my manmeat. Oh shit, I am really close to blowing my load. I tense up in anticipation and Dad realizes what is about to happen. He pushes his finger deeper into my navel while his meaty paw goes from the base of my shaft all the way to the top in one final stroke, and then I shoot my manseed all over his hand and my belly. He keeps his hand there, squeezing and milking my cock until it has released everything. The euphoria lasted for a while, and then it was followed by a warm feeling throughout my body.

"How are you feeling, son?" Dad asks.

I have to take a deep breath before I am good enough to reply. "Simply amazing."

Dad smirks. "Heh, glad to hear that. But I believe you still owe me something."

He doesn't need to remind me. Dad releases me and I manage to get onto my knees with a bit of a struggle. He is lying on the mat facing at me, his elbows propping his upper body up, his legs are spread out and his fat prick is pointing at my face. I remember how I was so anxious yesterday, but now I'm fully eager to have him all for myself. I place myself on top of him and start sucking. Dad is not telling me what to do this time so I relied fully on my instinct. He moans and starts moving his crotch forward and backward. It doesn't take long before he lets out a loud moan and blows his load inside my mouth. I greedily swallow it all. 

After he's finished emptying his own pouch, he rests his back on the mat and spreads his arms apart. A feeling of exhaustion starts to spread over me so I decided to rest my head on top of his strong belly.

"So... are we good now?" He asks me.

"Yes, Dad. Yes, we are."