 PRELUDE

Martha Borg pulled in her driveway and even though it was raining she did not put the car in the garage. She was hoping that her son and her daughter's boyfriend were having sex and could spy on them again. The garage door would make noise and signal them that she was home and she didn't want to interrupt them in the act. She quietly entered the house, stood in the foyer and listened for the sounds of sex. The two young men often had sex in different rooms and different positions. Finally, she heard her son's voice and it came from the lower level.

Quietly walking down, the carpeted stairs, she paused at the landing briefly. Then peeking around the corner, she spotted the objects of her desire. Her 19-year-old son Christopher was standing with his hands on the wall. His back was arched emphasizing the shape of his curvy bottom. Her daughter's boyfriend, the muscular 21-year-old Aaron, was behind Chris driving his big cock into her son's ass. She had the perfect vantage point to watch them without being detected. On the floor were towels, wet bathing suits and a tube of lubricant. She assumed they were swimming before the rains came. 

Her daughter, Ingrid had an opportunity to study for two months in France. Shortly after she was gone, Martha discovered her gay son Chris having sex with Aaron. The first time she witnessed them it blew her mind. It was one thing for her son to suck the big cock but when he asked Aaron to fuck him, she was shocked. She witnessed her son take the impressive organ in his bottom and beg Aaron to fuck him. Now as she watched, she slipped her hand in her panties and rubbed her pussy. Chris was often vocal during sex and he was encouraging Aaron to fuck him.

"Oh Aaron, your cock feels wonderful in my ass. It always does."

"It's easy to fuck your ass, you have a great looking ass."

"Is it as nice as Ingrid's?"

"Just as nice. You both have nice asses and your mom does too. That's where you and your sister get it from, your mom."

"I'm getting tired standing. Let's fuck on the floor."

Aaron moved back and his thick, nearly 8" cock came out of the curvy ass. Martha almost gasped aloud when the big cock came into view. She had seen it many times before but she was always impressed with it. Her son had a boner but it was more the average size of 5-6" and not as thick. Her ex-husband's cock was also that size and she wondered how Aaron's cock would feel in her pussy. She was amazed that her son could stay hard while he was being fucked. 

Chris moved to the floor and lay face down with his knees spread and slightly bent. That way he could push his ass up to receive the big dick. Aaron knelt down and slid his stiff dick back into the receptive scrumptious ass. Keeping his weight off of the pretty gay teen with both arms extended on either side of Chris, he fucked the sweet ass slowly. He loved watching his cock slide in and out between the hairless flawless buttocks.

"Oh Aaron, I love this."

"You do have one superfine ass."

"Cum on me this time and then put it back in, okay?"

"Sure, I like doing that."

Martha was thrilled as she liked to see the young men shoot, there was always so much of it. The two of them had established a good rhythm and it was an erotic sight. Each time Aaron thrust forward, Chris pushed his ass up to receive it. The cock totally disappeared and then the full length nearly reappeared. Aaron made sure that the spongy head of his cock remained in the gripping sphincter. The pace increased and Martha knew that Aaron was close. Her fingers increased their pace in her pussy. 

Aaron pulled out and aimed his cock at the shapely buns and shot several forceful streams onto the smooth flesh. Chris cried out with joy as he reached back and rubbed the semen into his buttocks. Aaron squeezed every drop out of his cock and then re-entered the sweet ass. He pushed some of his seed back in and Chris cried out.

"Oh my God, I love it when you do that. I'm going to cum. Let me turn over."

Aaron pulled out and Chris rolled to his back. Aaron put his dick back in and fucked him missionary style until Chris came. His hand flew over his cock and then it exploded sending ropes of semen onto his body. The syrupy liquid coated his smooth flawless body landing on his chest, abs and pubes. They stopped moving momentarily with Aaron's cock still in the lovely bottom. 

Martha had not cum. So as not to be discovered, she quietly ascended the stairs. She left the house and returned to the car. It was raining quite hard then and she finished masturbating in the car. Her skirt was pulled up and this time she lowered her panties. It didn't take too long as she had been charged up from watching the young men. Her eyes were closed and she pictured Aaron's big dick driving in and out of her pussy. Then she lost it and had a massive orgasm drenching her fingers. 

She composed herself after a satisfying climax, pulled her panties and smoothed out her dress. Pressing the remote sent the garage door up with a familiar sound, hearing it Aaron and Chris reacted. When Martha entered the house, she found the young men in the Jacuzzi tub in the three-season room. They acted as if they had been in there for a while. Martha went to her room to change clothes.

INTRODUCTION

The Borg family was of Swedish descent and they were an attractive blonde-haired family. Henrik and Marta got divorced because he couldn't keep his dick in his pants. He was always fucking younger women and finally she had enough. He did not protest and left her a very generous settlement. Both Christopher's and Ingrid's college educations were included as was the stately home. Marta was thrilled with the settlement as there was no reason for her to have to work. 

She loved art and she volunteered at the art museum on Tuesdays and Thursdays. A 45-year-old sophisticated looking lady, she wore her long blonde hair in a twist and dressed very conservatively and she looked professional. Most people did not know about the fit 35-28-36 figure that existed under those clothes. From hours of swimming in her pool at home, her 5"7" and 135-pound body was well-toned.

Ingrid was a carbon copy of her beautiful mother. She appeared to be the same height and weight and she was very fit. She had been dating Aaron since the senior year of high school but now they attended different colleges. When they were home on break they got together and fucked like rabbits. They engaged in vaginal, oral and anal sex. She was not a big fan of anal but went along with it because Aaron liked it and he took such good care of her pussy.

Christopher had always liked boys but he had been timid in high school and had not had gay sex until he was in college. He was a handsome blue-eyed blonde with a slender body. It could be said that he looked like his mother and sister except he was missing tits and had a cock. It was obvious that he got his shapely ass from his mother. During his freshman year in college he hooked up with two gay students that were roommates. It was easy for them to be discreet and have sex in their dorm room. Chris had his first oral and anal encounters at college. He loved to have a cock in his mouth and ass at the same time. He also liked receiving oral and fucking his classmates.

Aaron was the picture of fitness. He was an athlete in high school, playing soccer, basketball and tennis. At 6'2" and 185 pounds he had a chiseled physique. He worked out and stayed active at college and when he was home. He dated other girls at college but when he was home it was only Ingrid. He was well-endowed and the girls loved his cock. A few girls came onto him at work but he deflected them knowing that it would get back to Ingrid if he fucked any of them. He had a summer job working as a waiter at an upscale restaurant Tuesday through Saturday evenings.

AARON AND CHRIS FIRST TIME

It had been two weeks since Ingrid left for France and Aaron missed her desperately. He hadn't had sex since she left and he was not about to with another girl in town. They all had big mouths and he knew it would eventually get back to Ingrid. He began hanging out the Borg residence more frequently as he liked to use their swimming pool and hot tub. A couple of times, Martha was outside with him and her son Chris. She looked good in her two-piece swimsuit; in fact, for 45 she looked fantastic. Aaron admired her figure particularly her shapely legs and curvy ass.

Martha volunteered at the Art Museum on Tuesdays and Thursdays. One Tuesday, Aaron was at the house by 10:00 AM and swam for nearly 30 minutes before relaxing in a lounge. Chris had come out and for some reason that day; Aaron paid attention to the gay teen's curvy bottom. Chris's ass looked as good as his mother's and his sister's. When the handsome teen had his back to Aaron, he looked just like Ingrid. Aaron felt his cock twitch and wondered how it might be to fuck Chris. He knew the teen was gay as Ingrid had told him months ago.

His horniness won out and he decided to test the water with the pretty teen. He slipped his cock and balls out through the leg opening in his snug Speedo and stroked it into hardness. As Chris came out of the pool, he saw Aaron jerking off and he was amazed by the impressive cock. He didn't know what to say or do, so he just watched. Chris felt his own cock stir when he thought what it might be like to blow Aaron.

"Come on over Chris. You don't have to stand there and look at my dick."

Chris got closer and his dick got hard too. "What are you doing Aaron?"

"I think that is obvious. I haven't sex since your sister left. I could use a good blow job. Are you up for that?"

"I couldn't, I mean I shouldn't. You're my sister's boyfriend."

"That's exactly why you should. I don't want to cheat on her. You will be doing both of us a favor. Come closer; take it in your hand."

Chris knew that if he took a hold of the big cock that he would be hooked. Still he was mesmerized by the size and appearance of it. He moved over and sat on the foot of the lounge and took the stiff shaft in his hand. He loved the feel of it and he began to stroke it up and down. Unable to maintain any self-control, he moved his face toward the spongy soft mushroom head and took it in his mouth. He swirled his tongue around the head before taking a couple of inches in his mouth. Then he licked the shaft up and down as if it were a stick of candy. 

Aaron had his eyes closed and he enjoyed the attention to his cock. Chris was good, every bit as good as his sister. Chris was able to take five inches of the thick meat in his mouth without gagging. His head bobbed up and down as he was now intent on making Aaron cum. His hand went to his crotch and he freed his cock from the swimsuit as he continued to suck on the one in his mouth. Chris stroked his cock as he worked on Aaron's. Patting him gently on the head, Aaron warned that he was close. 

Chris removed the cock from his mouth and stroked it rapidly. Then it exploded and streams shot out hitting the teen on the side of his face. Semen was in his hairline, on his cheek and chin. Remaining shots hit his neck and chest. Anxious to taste the seed, he took the cock back in his mouth and sucked it dry. Aaron sighed as it had been even better than he had hoped. Chris was a fantastic cock sucker. The teen was stroking his dick and then he sprayed his seed onto the pool deck. It too was a substantial load.

"Oh wow, that was amazing. I love your cock Aaron."

"You did a great job, every bit as good as your sister."

"I need to rinse off."

Chris got up and jumped in the pool to cleanse his body of the semen. As he walked to the pool, Aaron admired the shapely ass again. This time he slipped off his Speedo and stroked his cock again. When Chris exited the pool, he smiled at Aaron and assumed that he would suck the cock a second time. However, Aaron had other plans for Chris.

"Chris, take off your swim suit and show me your ass."

The teen was hesitant but did as he was told. He slipped off the swimsuit and turned his back to Aaron.

"Beautiful, you know from behind you look just like Ingrid. Have you been butt fucked yet?"

"Yes, many times at college but not with a cock your size."

"Well we will use plenty of lube. Don't worry; if your sister can take my cock in her ass, you certainly can too."

"My sister does anal?"

"Oh yeah, she does and I miss it with her gone. Kneel down there on a lounge cushion."

Chris was apprehensive about the thick 7+" cock but he did as he was told. Aaron took the moisturizing lotion and rubbed all over the sweet buttocks. He fondled the cheeks for several minutes savoring the gay teen ass. His one finger slid in easily and he added a second. Soon he had both fingers sliding in and out of the lovely bottom. Kneeling behind Chris, he eased the head of his cock in passed the rubbery ring and felt the snugness. He allowed Chris to adjust to the thick dick and slowly fed it to him.

It seemed like an eternity before the entire dick was buried in the sweet ass. Chris had adjusted and handled it easier than he expected. Aaron then began to move in and out, picking up the pace. He pulled out but left the head in and then drove all of it back into the receptive bottom. He lovingly caressed the curvy buttocks as he drilled the sweet ass. Chris was moaning with each thrust and he was stroking his cock again. Aaron felt that familiar sensation and this time he would cum in the pretty teen. 

He grabbed the slender hips and drove his cock in all the way. Chris could feel the pubic hairs on his buttocks and then he felt the surge in his rectum. Aaron shot a huge load into the snug chute causing Chris to moan loudly. Streams of warm semen filled the passage and they both remained still for several minutes. Aaron then backed out and rocked back on his heels. Chris flipped over and stroked his cock as he now needed to cum. He looked so sweet that Aaron put his cock back in the teen. Then he shocked Chris when he took a hold of the 5" cock.

"I'll do that for you."

Chris closed his eyes as he savored another hand on his cock. Aaron was still hard and Chris liked to cum with a cock in his ass. A few minutes later, Chris was spewing his load all over his chest and abs. Aaron did not seem concerned that some of the semen got on his hand. He eased his cock out of the teen and stood up.

"Let's cool off in the pool and then sit in the hot tub."

They both relaxed in the pool letting the cooler water lower their body temperatures. Minutes later they were in the Jacuzzi enjoying the hot bubbly water. Aaron told Chris to use one of the jets to douche his ass. Chris had used the jets before to tickle his anus and massage his perineum but never to douche his anus. Of course, he wasn't having sex at home to need that.

"Oh, that does feel good and it works!"

"Yeah, your sister did that all the time after I came in her ass."

"Are we going to do this again Aaron?"

"Sure, I liked fucking you and you give great head. We should do it every Tuesday and Thursday when your mom is at the museum."

"Oh wow! This is going to be a great summer. I don't have sex when I'm home from college. I don't even know any gay guys around here."

"Well you can now with me. It will be a great arrangement."

"Are you hungry? I can get some lunch for us."

"Sure, let's do that. Then I'm going to fuck you after lunch before I leave." 

Later that night when they were both in their own beds, they thought about that afternoon. Chris was overcome with joy that Aaron came on to him. He liked the bigger thicker cock and he was looking forward to the next time. Aaron was pleased with his ability to fuck a gay man. Of course, with Chris it had been easier than expected, mainly because he resembled his sister so much. 

MARTHA'S DISCOVERY

For a couple of weeks, the two young men had sex every Tuesday and Thursday while Martha volunteered at the museum. One particular Thursday she was not feeling well and decided to stay home. She called the museum and then went back to bed.

Aaron arrived around ten as always and within the hour he had his cock in Chris's mouth. They didn't know that Martha was home. She was always gone by the time Chris got out of bed. The two of them were on the pool deck again with Aaron lying in the lounge and Chris sucking his cock.

Martha stirred and got out of bed. She drew the drapes in her bedroom and then gasped aloud at the sight before her. There on the pool deck was her son sucking Ingrid's boyfriend's cock and what a cock it was. Even from a distance it looked huge and Martha had never seen one that size. She was mesmerized by the scene taking place and at that moment she became a voyeur. She slowly closed the drapes but then peeked through them to watch the sex act.

As Chris sucked the big dick, Aaron began fondling the teen's sweet ass and toying with the anus. He put lotion in his hands and rubbed it in. Next, he put his fingers in the cute bottom preparing it for his cock. Chris stopped sucking cock and got on the lounge cushion as he had so many times. Aaron got behind him and eased the stiff dick into the lovely bottom.

Martha's hand went to her mouth as if to stifle a gasp of shock. She could not believe that her son could take something that large in his ass. Immediately she wondered if her daughter did that too. She watched the two of them engage in anal sex and even though she was a bit under the weather, she got excited. Letting her hand slip under her nightgown, she rubbed her pussy. She continued to masturbate as she watched the young men.

Aaron pulled out and shot his load onto the teen's buttocks and back. Then he put his cock back in and fucked Chris who was stroking his cock. Chris then ejaculated, spewing his load onto the pool deck. Minutes later they both jumped in the pool as they always did after sex outside.

Martha went back to bed and lay still staring at the ceiling. She was still coming to grips with what she witnessed. It was still difficult to accept that Aaron was now fucking her son. She knew that he and her daughter were intimate but now her son too? Chris was gay and she knew that but she had never witnessed him having sex with anyone. She assumed that they were getting together when she was at the museum. Oddly she wanted to see them do it again. She decided to tell Chris that she was going to volunteer on Wednesdays too in the hopes that Aaron would come over on that day as well. Of course, she would stay in her room or she would leave and then sneak back home. 

As her mind raced through all sorts of thoughts, she wondered where they might have sex next that day. She was curious but did not dare leave her room immediately. First, she finished masturbating and then she put on her full-length robe and headed for the kitchen. Not feeling well, tea and toast were the order of the day. 

As she headed for the kitchen, she heard voices coming from Chris's room and she was tempted to peek in on him. Quietly she approached her son's room and looked in. She was relieved to see them in Chris's bed facing away from her. Chris was holding onto the head board as Aaron drilled the teen's ass from behind. Martha did not watch until they came this time and headed for the kitchen. 

She put the kettle on to boil water for tea and she made toast. As the water was boiling she purposely made noise in the kitchen hoping it would be heard. It worked and minutes later Chris and Aaron appeared in the kitchen. 

"Mother, you're home."

"Yes, I'm not feeling well. Hello Aaron."

"Hello, Mrs. Borg."

"Aaron came over for a swim today," Chris stammered.

"Oh, that's nice, well enjoy yourselves. I'm going back to bed after I have my toast and tea." 

They left her alone in the kitchen and went to the three-season room to sit in the hot tub. After they were in the hot tub for about 10 minutes, Chris asked.
