 CHRIS' WEEKEND

On Monday morning Chris was in bed somewhat awake and replaying the weekend in his mind. His gay friends Matthew and Nevin had left early Monday morning and Chris had gone back to bed. He didn't sleep but he rested his body after a marathon of sex. He recalled everything in detail.

His classmates had arrived on Friday evening and at first sat around with drinks and engaged in conversation. When it was time for bed they all slept in Chris' king size bed. However before sleeping there was plenty of sex. They each took turns being in the middle with a cock in their mouth and one in their ass. All three of them came twice before calling it a night. It was the first time they could all sleep together in the same bed. The beds at college were designed for one person so after sex, everyone returned to their own bed.

On Saturday they stayed naked most of the day. It was only when they ate or relaxed in the family room that they wore clothes. They slept naked together, sun bathed naked and swam naked. One of the hottest things they did was to have sex in the pool. There was a silver rubber raft on which Chris loved to relax and float in the water.

The three of them put the raft in the shallow end and took turns lying across it with a cock in their mouth and one in their ass. First it was Chris getting fucked by Matthew and sucking on Nevin's dick. Then it was Nevin getting fucked by Matthew while he sucked on Chris' cock. The last coupling was Matthew sucking Nevin's dick while getting fucked by Chris. It was an incredibly hot sequence of sex for the three gay students.

Saturday night, back in bed, they spooned together taking turns being in the middle. After that they were drained and slept soundly. On Sunday they all slept in as they were tired and sexually sated. They eventually woke up and took turns in the bathroom. Chris got breakfast going and the three of them enjoyed a leisurely meal. They all pitched in cleaning up after breakfast and then went to the pool deck.

They gave each other massages which really behaved like foreplay. They took turns being the one massaged who always ended up sucking cock and getting fucked. They sat in the Jacuzzi and Chris told them about using the jets to douche their anus. By early evening on Sunday, they teens were sexually fulfilled and tired. They got in bed and listened to music until they dozed off. 

Monday, they left early but not before one last encounter. Matthew fucked Chris while he and Nevin sucked each other's cock. After his friends left, Chris cleaned up, douched his ass and returned to bed. He was not expecting to see Aaron or his mother until late afternoon.

AARON RETURNS HOME

Aaron arrived at Martha's house around 11:00 AM and he knew that Martha would not be home for hours. He had been thinking about Chris' ass the entire time he was driving home. He entered the house and when he didn't see Chris up and about, he checked the bedroom. 

The pretty blonde gay teen was in his bed naked. He was sleeping on his left side having dozed off after returning to be. He looked so fuckable with his right leg bent slightly and his curvy ass on display. Aaron took off his clothes and crawled in bed with Chris. He saw that the teen had a boner and guessed he was having a sexy dream. The lube was where it always was on the nightstand and Aaron used it to grease his dick.

He moved in close, parted the buttocks and aimed his cock head at the pink aperture. He pressed forward and the rubbery ring spread to accept the stiff shaft. Chris gasped when he felt the penetration and he immediately knew that it was Aaron. No one else who fucked him had a cock like that. Chris then thought of his mother and panicked briefly.

"Where's my mother? Is she home too?"

"No, she won't be home for hours."

Chris sighed and relaxed. He moaned softly when Aaron grasped his cock and stroked it. He turned his face back toward Aaron and they kissed. Chris rotated his body to a modified spoon position. He twisted his upper part to lay on his back and put his arm around Aaron. In that position they kissed as Aaron fucked the sweet ass and masturbated the slender pecker.

"I missed you ass. Did you miss my cock?"

"Definitely but I'm not missing it now."

Aaron had not cum that morning and he had been thinking about the sweet ass. As a result, he came quickly flooding the warm rectum. Chris used his sphincter as he always did to milk the shaft. Aaron went right on fucking Chris as he knew he could come again without removing his cock. He continued to stroke the teen's cock and they resumed kissing one another. 

Chris came before Aaron's second discharge and he ejaculated onto his bedsheet and coated his lover's hand. Aaron then rolled Chris to his belly and pummeled his ass from above. The stud kept his weight off the slender teen as he drilled the gorgeous bottom. The sounds in the room were made up of Chris' moans and their skin slapping together. Finally, Aaron came and he pushed his dick all the way into the sweet ass. 

Chris felt the second round of semen being shot into his chute where it joined the earlier load. Aaron rolled them back onto their sides so as not to crush the delicate body. They stayed coupled together until Aaron's cock softened and slipped out of the lovely bottom. Chris could feel the void in his rectum and the warm semen oozing out and trickling over his buttock. 

"Jacuzzi time," Aaron whispered.

"Right but get me a towel first. I don't to drip on the floor."

Aaron got Chris a towel from the bathroom and then they walked naked out to the Jacuzzi. Chris was looking forward to the feel of a jet on his anus. They only stayed in the hot tub for about 20 minutes but that was long enough to relax and for Chris to douche his ass. They went back in the house and Chris made the coffee. They were stull naked and Aaron loved looking at the scrumptious ass as Chris moved around the kitchen. They took the coffee outside by the pool and relaxed in the lounges. They wanted to hear about each other's weekend.

"Tell me about your friends and what you did. I'm sure you had a great time."

"It was good to see them. It was better than college as we had so much freedom here. We were naked almost all the time."

"Are they hung?"

"Not really, their cocks are like mine, more the average size. They would have been impressed with you."

"So, tell me some of the fun things you did."

Chris told Aaron about the encounter in the shallow end of the pool where they took turns laying across the rubber raft. He told him about other threesome positions and Aaron took it all in stride. He got a boner listening to Chris but he would save it for later.

"That encounter with the raft sounds like fun. We'll have to do that some time."

"How about you? How did things go with my mother?"

Chris did not know that Aaron was fucking his mother and he wasn't about to spill the beans. "She's a nice lady. We spent Sunday together and went for a boat ride."

"Aaron, did you stay over? Did you sleep with my mother?"

"No, I had to work Saturday and Sunday. I didn't stay over."

"So, you are not sleeping with her?"

"That's right."

"I want you to know that if you were, I'm okay with that. She could probably use some loving."

"I appreciate that and if that opportunity ever comes up, I'll remember that I have your permission."

Chris giggled and said, "You're fucking my sister and me, you might as well do mother too."

Chris still didn't know that his mother knew that Aaron was fucking him. He also still did not know that Aaron was fucking his mother. Aaron wasn't going to let him in on either situation, he assumed that in time Chris would figure it out. Chris then suggested lunch.

"Are you up for some lunch?"

"Definitely and then I want to fuck you again before your mother gets home."

"Let's hurry then," Chris said with a giggle and swayed his ass on the way into the house.

They both tossed on shorts and tees to wear while they ate. Once they finished lunch and cleaned up after themselves, they went to Chris' bedroom. Just in case Martha got home earlier than expected, they didn't want to be having sex outside. They shed the tees sand shorts and Aaron got in bed with his back propped on pillows up against the headboard. 

Chris knelt on the bed sideways to Aaron. He leaned over and took the impressive cock in his mouth. He sucked lovingly on the big dick as Aaron reached over and fondled the lovely ass. Retrieving the lubricant, he applied it to Chris' anus as the teen continued to suck cock. He caressed the smooth buttocks and fingered the rubbery ring. Unable to resist any longer he told Chris to get on all fours. 

Chris positioned himself and he looked incredibly desirable. His head and chest were on the bed with his angelic face turned to the side. The irresistible bottom was turned up with his back arched emphasizing the shape of the superfine ass. Aaron rubbed his cock with the lube and then moved into position. He absolutely loved fucking Chris in this position. It was such a turn-on to watch his cock slide in and out between those glorious globes.

The erotic sight before him was too much for Aaron and he felt that familiar surge in his loins. Seconds later he was coming in Chris' ass for a third time that day. He pressed his body against the smooth butt cheeks as he emptied his balls into the receptive chamber. Once his cock was drained he eased it back out and let it rest between the cheeks. Chris was hard but he had not cum. He rolled over on his back, raised his legs and asked Aaron to fuck him some more.

Aaron pushed his still hard cock back in the gay teen ass and fucked him slowly. Chris stroked his dick rapidly as he needed to cum. With his left hand he reached up and pulled Aaron's face towards his. They kissed again and this time Chris wrapped his legs around Aaron lower body. The two of them were rocking now and Aaron was driving his cock into the sweet bottom as Chris urged him on. Suddenly, Chris felt his imminent release and he pulled Aaron down on him. They kissed and pressed their bodies together as Chris ejaculated. 

Aaron could feel the semen spurt out between their bodies. They stayed coupled together for several minutes cuddling and kissing, Eventually the parted and headed back to the hot tub. A few minutes in the Jacuzzi and then they put on their swim suits and sat by the pool. First, they took a dip in the cool water to lower their body temperatures. They were only seated by the pool for about 20 minutes when Martha arrive home. She was not at all surprised to see Aaron at the house.

"Hello mother, get yourself a drink and join us."

"I will, you boys look relaxed."

"While your mother is changing clothes and before I forget, wear something new from your sister's wardrobe tomorrow."

"Okay, I'll surprise you."

Martha changed into a lounge outfit, got a glass of wine and joined the young men on the pool deck. She was sure that Aaron got his anal fix before she got home. The three of them chatted and it was apparent to Martha that her son did not know about her and Aaron. She hoped to keep that way.

TUESDAY IS DRESS UP TIME

Chris was dressed in one of his sister's outfits before Aaron arrived that day. He had selected and very short pleated mini-skirt, a tube top and a thong panty. He just wore flip flops bypassing any socks or hose. His tan shapely legs looked good beneath the short skirt. He knew that the cheeks of his lovely bottom peeked out when he bent over slightly. Now as Chrissie, he hoped to appear alluring to Aaron.

Around ten, which was the usual time, Aaron arrived and as soon as he saw Chrissie, he felt his cock stir in his tan shorts. 

"Oh good, you're here, I was just about to make the coffee."

Aaron sat down at the kitchen table and watched the pretty blonde gay teen move around the kitchen. Every time Chrissie bent over to reach for something, his curvy buttocks peeked out below the skirt. Aaron was turned on by the display and was rubbing his cock through his shorts. Finally, unable to control his desire, he stood up and walked up behind Chrissie. He reached under the short skirt and cupped the sweet cheeks in both hands.

"We're a little cheeky today, aren't we?"

"Do you like my outfit?" Chrissie replied as he wiggled his ass.

"Very much, I particularly like your choice of panties today."

Aaron had Chrissie lean over the kitchen counter and flipped the skirt up exposing the lovely ass. He massaged it for a few more minutes and then he had to be in it. He dropped his shorts and underwear to his ankles, stepped out of them and kicked them to one side. He spotted the lube that Chrissie had placed on the counter and retrieved it. Pulling the thong to the side of a buttock, he lubricated the irresistible bottom.

His cock was throbbing and he wasted no time putting it in the curvy derriere as soon as it was lubricated. The front part of the thong concealed Chrissie's cock and balls. However, his arousal was evident by the bulge in the thong. Aaron held to the slim hips as he sawed his cock in and out of the receptive chamber. Chrissie was leaning over holding onto the counter, moaning and cooing as he was fucked. Once again, the eroticism of the moment with Chrissie dressed like his sister, sent Aaron over the edge.

One more deep thrust and then he held still pressed against the smooth cheeks as he filled the warm rectum with his seed. He wrapped his arms around the teen's upper body and hugged him tight. Aaron kissed Chrissie on the neck and cheek. Once he finished shooting, he eased his cock back out and watched as it re-appeared. It was a very erotic sight. He quickly grabbed the paper towels and held them against Chrissie's bottom. Then Chrissie took over and walked to the ½ bath holding the paper towel in place. Minutes later he returned.

"Quick thinking with the paper towel, otherwise I would have been dripping all over the kitchen floor. That was a huge load."

"Yeah, you really got my juices going this morning."

"Let's have our coffee and then I want you to fuck me again and this time play with my clit." 

With his ass clean of the semen, Chrissie let the skirt fall back in place and the thong was in the crack of his ass again. He felt so sexy and liked the effect that his dress up had on Aaron. After coffee, they straightened up the kitchen and Aaron kept fondling and squeezing Chrissie's ass the entire time. Within minutes they were both ready for more sex.

Chrissie lay back on the kitchen table and Aaron lifted the skirt, pulled the thong to the side and shoved his dick back into the receptive ass. Chrissie's erection was now visible and Aaron stroked the cute dick as he fucked the pretty teen. Chrissie came quickly and spurted ropes of semen onto his pubes and Aaron rubbed the syrupy cum into the smooth skin. Deciding to wait until later, Aaron pulled out much to Chrissie's surprise.

"Don't you want to cum?"

"Yeah, but I will later. Let's get cleaned up and go out for a late breakfast."

"I can't go out dressed like this?"

"I know that. Put on some shorts and shirt."

Chris went to his room to change. At home he didn't mind being Chrissie, in fact he liked it. However, going out in public was another thing and he was afraid that he would be recognized. He left the thong panty on and put on snug fitting shorts and a tee shirt. Aaron drove them to a small quaint coffee shop in the mall. 

"They have the best specialty coffees and great pastries here."

The two of them had flavored lattes and a pastry. It was relaxing to be enjoying coffee with each other and chatting about college. They stayed for about an hour and even had a second latte. As they walked back to the car the skies were looking ominous and then it started to rain. They had just made it to the car when it began to rain harder. Aaron started to drive but had to pull over as it was nearly impossible to see and unsafe to drive. He parked in a remote spot and turned off the engine. It was raining so hard that they could not see out the car windows and conversely could not be seen in the car. Aaron got bold, freed his cock and told Chris to suck him.

"We're not going anywhere for a while, so let's pass the time and have some fun."

Chris smiled as he leaned over and took the big cock in his mouth, Aaron let out a soft moan. He closed his eyes as the teen sucked his cock. He played with the testicles and rubbed the perineum and Aaron knew that he would cum soon. Then it was Chris who got bold.

"Let's get in the back. I want you to fuck me."

Chris climbed over the front seat, dropped his shorts and got on all fours across the back seat. Aaron joined him in the back and fetched the sport cream from his gym bag. He used it to lubricate the teen's anus. Chris fingered the ass with one and then two fingers. He had his fingers moving in and out easily when Chris spoke.

"I'm ready for you. I'm ready for you to put your big dick in me. "

Staring the entire time at the beautiful curvy ass, Aaron knelt on the back seat and moved his body in close. He held his erect cock in his hand and guided it to the twitching rubbery ring. Chris held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up the anus and stretched the sphincter. Aaron, as always, was thoughtful and gentle as he slowly penetrated the marvelous ass. It opened up and welcomed the thick cock into the warm snug passage. Aaron held still at first and let Chris move back and forth. Once he was satisfied that the ass had loosened up he began to fuck him with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together and were oblivious to having sex in parking lot as they were lost in the moment. Chris was on his knees while keeping his chest and head lower. This move accentuated the round shape of his shapely ass. Aaron like the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. Chris groaned repeatedly each time the stud buried his cock in the sweet ass. Moans and groans were only audible inside the car as the pounding rain drowned out any sounds.

Every time Aaron drove into the receptive bottom, Chris pushed his hips back to receive the cock. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Aaron wrapped his arms around the slender upper body. He was so wrapped up fucking the hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning he shot a massive load into the gripping clenching rectum.

Chris groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Aaron moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated until he was nearly drained. He pressed his body into Chris and remained still as the teen clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around the pulsating shaft. Aaron was still hard when he removed his cock. Chris turned over and lay across the back seat. He took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. 

"Put your cock back in me. Fuck me until I cum."

They had done that many times at home. Aaron moved back to the pretty teen who lifted his legs to receive the cock yet again. He eased his cock back into the well-stretched, lubed passage and began to fuck him again. Chris stroked his cock as his lover fucked him. Aaron watched as the pretty teen closed his eyes and then he felt sphincter tighten around his cock as Chris ejaculated. The load shot out in four or five streams and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. They were not done.

"It's still raining, fuck me again."

"Okay but get back on all fours."

Aaron looked at the hot curvy ass again and within minutes he was buried balls deep again in the tight ass. Chris was now flattened on the backseat face down as Aaron drove his impressive cock deep into the pretty gay teen. Powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled the incredible ass. His thick cock drove in and then retreated until only the head remained in the rectum. Chris felt the powerful shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing him to cry out.
