 CHRIS MEETS A NEW FRIEND

Chris and his mother had a good meeting after Chris witnessed Aaron fucking her. She told him that she knew that Aaron was fucking him too. That cleared the air and from then on there would be no need to sneak around. On Tuesday while Martha was at the museum, Aaron and Chris had their normal get together. Aaron, after cumming the first time, had stayed in Chris' ass until he came again. Even after the ejaculation he remained in the teen's ass. Aaron stayed hard and he jerked Chris off twice and then he came a third time.

On Wednesday, Aaron was back at the house but this time to see Martha. Chris didn't feel like hanging around while they were having sex, so he went to the mall. He didn't really need anything but he liked looking in the stores. At lunch time he went to the food court and got something to eat. He had just finished eating and was sipping his soft drink when a good-looking teenager approached him.

"Hi Chris, you probably don't remember me. We went to the same high school. I'm Robby."

"Hi, you're right I don't remember you."

"I graduated this year, a year after you."

"Oh okay."

"Can I join you, I was just going to get a soda?"

"Yeah sure."

Robby went to the counter to order a drink. Chris watched the handsome teen. He noticed that Robby was about the same stature as himself. His hair was brown and although not as long as Chris' it covered the nape of the neck and ears. Robby was wearing tight slacks and he had a cute round bottom. Chris felt his cock stir and then thought it was too much to expect that Robby might be gay. Robby returned with his drink and sat down.

"Chris, you go to Williams College, right?"

"Yes, I'll be a sophomore this year."

"This is crazy, I'll be a freshman there this fall."

"Congratulations, it's a great school but expensive."

"Yeah, I got a scholarship otherwise I wouldn't be able to afford it."

"Good for you."

"Chris, don't get mad but are you gay?"

"Pardon me!"

"It's okay, I am too. I just haven't come out in town."

"How old are you?"

"I turned 18 last February."

"You look more like 16."

"Yeah, I get that a lot."

"Where did you come out if not here."

"In Lake Tahoe, we took a family ski trip during spring break."

"So, you met another gay guy?"

"Yeah, actually more than one. Would you like to hear about it?"

"Sure, you touched my curiosity."

"I took a ski lesson from this really good-looking guy Andre. He was the type that all the girls go gaga over. He invited me to a ski instructors party."

"Did he turn out to be a gay guy?"

"Yes, and it was only gay guys at the party. Until that night I had never touched another cock other than mine."

"Did he just assume you were gay?"

"I guess so. I had always had a thing for boys and I didn't date in high school but I was still a virgin and unsure."

"So, tell me the whole story."

Robby began and told the about the night in detail. At the party after about an hour of drinking and talking, Andre steered me into a bedroom. It was dimly lit but I spotted silhouettes in the room but they were unidentifiable. Upon closer inspection, once my eyes adjusted, I saw that there were two naked men having sex. It was clear that one was fucking the other. I was shocked, frightened and felt uncomfortable in the room. I turned to leave. Andre stopped me and turned me to watch the two gay ski instructors engaged in sex.

Andre said, "Robby, relax, they are not doing anything that we won't soon be doing."

I told him that I couldn't. I had never done anything like that."

"Of course, you can, it's what you want. It's what you always wanted." 

I wanted to leave and told him that I should get going. My parents would be worried.

He scolded me and said, "Nonsense, now drop to your knees and take my cock out. You know you want to."

I hesitated as I was scared to death. I didn't know what I wanted, yet here I was at a gay party with my gay ski instructor. I allowed himself to be pushed to my knees by Andre's strong hands. Now with my face level with his crotch, I froze. Sensing the apprehension, Andre unzipped his fly and pulled his cock and balls through the opening. I stared at an erect cock, other than my own, for the first time in my life.

Andre told me, "Take it in your hand Robby, stroke it. Get a good feel for it."

I took the cock in my hand and for the first time ever, I was holding a cock other than my own. I liked the feel of the thick hard shaft and stroked it as I would my own when I masturbated. Suddenly, I wanted it to cum. I wanted his cock to shoot just as mine did when I jerked off. 

"Robby, take it in your mouth," Andre ordered.

I said that I couldn't.

Andre coached me, "Of course, you can, start with just the head and get comfortable sucking cock."

Once again, I followed instructions. I found that I liked sucking on the head and without being told, I took a little more in my mouth. I reached down and freed my own cock through the fly in my pants. Now I was jerking off as I sucked my first cock. I felt Andre's hands on my head holding me in place.

"Oh Robby, here it cums," Andre announced.

The first shot fired into my mouth and I nearly gagged on it. I learned quickly to block the next discharge with the underside of my tongue and let the semen run down his face. Several more shots bounced off of my tongue and I was amazed at the force and volume of the ejaculation. I could not help but the taste the seed but decided that it was not so bad. My own cock was throbbing and I began stroking it as I wanted to cum too. Andre surprised me by dropping down and taking my pecker in his mouth.

I was getting my first blow job and I was ecstatic. I never knew anything could feel that good. I was very turned on and it did not take long to cum. I fired rounds of my youthful semen into his mouth. I was really surprised that Andre swallowed every drop. Once my cock was drained, Andre moved away and I rocked back on my haunches. I looked over at the other two in the room who were now fucking in the bed. I then felt Andre undressing me and soon we were both naked. Andre guided me to the bed.

Once again, I was apprehensive and nervous about what may happen next. I was lying face down when someone pulled me to his knees and began to wash my bottom. I felt the warm soapy wash rag glide over my anus and then there was slight penetration. It felt very erotic and I got another boner. I realized that it was the tip of someone's tongue that penetrated me. I felt the tongue run up and down along my perineum and dip into my anus. My body responded and I rotated my desirable ass. I was incredibly turned on but didn't know what I wanted next. My cock was still hard and I was tempted to grab it but just then I felt another sensation. A cool substance was being applied to my anus and I panicked when I heard Andre speak.

"Relax Robby, we need to get your ass ready to be fucked. You do want to be fucked, don't you?"

I didn't reply but sensed my fate was inevitable. I liked the attention to his anus but wasn't sure about getting fucked. The finger in my ass felt good but then it was just a finger. I didn't know who was fingering my bum because Andre was kneeling alongside and directing the action. A second finger was added and I felt the increased pressure. More lube and constant penetration opened my ass for my first butt fuck. Whoever it was that eased a cock into my ass, I was grateful that it didn't feel any different than a finger and there was only a slight discomfort, no pain.

Andre announced "Stevie will fuck you first. He has the perfect cock for your first butt fucking. He is slender and not too long. It will stretch you without any pain."

I felt the slender dick slide in and out. Andre was right, there was no pain just a feeling of fullness in my rectum. I felt hands on my buttocks caressing them and then Stevie said in a soft voice.

"You have a beautiful ass. I could fuck this ass all night."

The fucking and caressing continued and then I felt a hand on my cock. I didn't know who it belonged to but it felt good to be stroked while being fucked. Another guy appeared on the bed in front of me and pushed his cock toward my face. I again heard Andre's voice.

"This is Randy. Suck his cock and get him hard and wet for your ass. He will fuck you next."

I took the cock in my mouth that was thicker and longer than Stevie's. Suddenly I felt a void in my ass and the next thing I felt was Stevie's warm seed landing on my back and buttocks. After ejaculating on me, Stevie put his cock back in my ass and my sphincter milked it free of the remaining sperm. He pulled back out and he was quickly replaced by Randy but not before my ass was lubricated again. 

This time I felt the soft mushroom head straining to get passed the taut rubbery ring. I was scared. My hands gripped the bed sheets as this time I felt a slight pain. The cockhead popped through but Randy remained still for a few seconds letting me get used to the thicker cock. Slowly he fed the stiff dick to me a little at a time. Each time he went deeper, he paused until he felt that I was ready for more. Another guy appeared on the bed and offered his cock to me.

Again, it was Andre's voice, "This Chris, suck his cock and it will take your mind off the pressure in your bottom."

I took the even bigger cock in my mouth as Randy continued to work his in deeper. Vaughn was the biggest so far but he was still not as big as Andre. Suddenly to my surprise and immense pleasure, a mouth enveloped my cock and began sucking it. I was overcome with lust and relaxed as Randy's cock hit bottom. Randy fucked my ass and caressed it just as Stevie had. 

It didn't take long for me to cum as I was overwhelmed having my cock sucked while I was sucking cock and getting fucked at the same time. I couldn't imagine anything more pleasurable and exciting. Once again, the cock left my ass and sprayed my body with a massive load. Randy too, put his cock back in and let it be milked by my clenching gripping rectum. Chris's cock was pulled from my mouth and I knew where it was headed. More lube was applied to my anus and then the big cock wormed its way in.

Another guy was now on the bed and he had me suck him off. This time the guy came in my mouth while Vaughn drilled my ass. Vaughn followed suit and pulled out to shoot. I felt more semen hit my body and mingle with the other loads. I felt the cock re-enter and once again I instinctively squeezed it with my sphincter. Chris's cock left my ass but it was quickly replaced with one thicker and longer. I knew that it had to be Andre.

"I think that you are ready for me now. As much as I would have loved to been the first, I did not want to hurt you. You are truly beautiful Robby and you have a marvelous ass."

There was no other cock for my mouth and no one was sucking on mine. It was all about Andre fucking me slowly and methodically. He was in no hurry to cum as he told me that he wanted to savor every moment in my incredible teen ass. I had already cum three times and I just went with the flow as the big dick reamed my no longer virgin bottom. In and out the impressive cock moved until Andre was ready to cum again. For the first time in my life, I felt a guy cum in my ass. Streams shot in filling my rectum creating a feeling that I actually liked. The semen seemed to sooth my ravaged ass and felt good in my rectum.

Andre moved back and let his cock slip from my ass. I was overcome with lust and I remained on all fours. Then I was aware of other gay guys around me and once again I had a cock in my mouth and ass. There was also a mouth on my cock and the sensations were indescribable. There were so many cocks over the next several hours that I was sure that everyone at the party had fucked me or I had sucked them off. The last thing I remembered was flopping down on the bed. 

Later my need to pee woke me up. I made his way to the bathroom and took a long rewarding piss. I returned to the bedroom where I had been ravished and found my clothes. I got dressed and started to leave the house. I ran onto Andre on the way out.

"You were a big hit tonight Robby," Andre said, "You should come back tomorrow and visit us. You will get to fuck some of the guys if you return."

Chris was almost in disbelief after listening to that story. He had to know.

"Did you return to the house?"

"Yes, in fact I returned each night we were in Lake Tahoe. I got to fuck several guys and I loved it. Needless to say, I was very experienced and well-broken in by the end of the week."

"Jesus, Robby that is some fucking story. Christ, I have a boner now."

"Do you want me to take care of that for you?"

"Here at the mall?"

"Sure, I know of a place to go. We just can't take off our clothes."

"Lead the way."

The two pretty teens walked to a secluded end of the mall and there was an abandoned room thy they entered. Chris wondered how Robby knew about it but didn't ask. At the moment he was anxious to have his cock sucked.

"We can't be naked so just pull your dick out of you fly," Robby whispered as he fished his own cock and balls out.

Chris noticed that Robby was a tad smaller than him. He took his cock and balls out through the fly opening and watched as Robby squatted down to take the cock in his mouth. Robby was a very good cocksucker as good as anyone that had ever sucked Chris off. In no time he had Chris ready to blow his load. Chris tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Robby massaged the head of the cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled the cock with his tongue and Chris felt the light scraping of teeth. Chris knew he was going to shoot soon.

Robby then took the cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked it hard. he reached under Chris's balls and rubbed the hardness between the sac and anus. Chris felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping him. Robby grabbed the ass cheeks with both hands as Chris exploded in his mouth. Chris fired round after round of cum into the warm mouth and Robby sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into the oral cavity as Chris seemed to have an endless supply. Finally, the barrage subsided and he stopped cumming but Robby continued to suck on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from the dick. 

Then it was Chris's turn to pleasure Robby. The scene was repeated until Robby came and shot a huge load into the succulent mouth. They tucked their dicks away and walked back into the mall. Robby then invited Chris to his house.

"Do you want to come over for a while? My folks work and they won't be home for hours."

"Sure, why not? I would like to fuck your cute ass."

"Good, I then I get to fuck you."

"Deal!"

AN AFTERNOON WITH ROBBY 

They arrived at Robby's house which was considerably less stately than Chris's home. That didn't matter as they headed for the bedroom anxious to fuck each other. Chris was still savoring his good fortune as he now had someone in town like himself. He would invite Robby over to go swimming but for now he was focused on fucking that cute ass. They were naked in bed within minutes and Robby's ass was lubed and ready.

Chris's cock slid in and out of Robby slowly until he had finally buried all 5+ inches in the curvy ass. Robby could feel his friend's balls resting on his ass. Robby experienced that wonderful feeling to have a cock completely inside him. Chris pulled out a little and then he stopped and pushed back inside. The feeling was fantastic and Robby began to rotate his hips again. Chris pulled almost all of the way out and then plunged inside fucking his new friend senseless. Robby moaned in response to the pounding and they began to make love. Chris leaned over him and Robby wrapped his legs around the slender body, hooking his ankles together and they began rocking and moving beautifully together. Robby was being fucked again and he loved it.

Chris was fucking Robby hard and fast and he reveled in each thrust. Robby looked down and watched his balls and erect cock bounce around as Chris fucked him. Robby soon felt another buildup in his balls. Chris began to moan louder and louder as he fucked harder and faster. Robby felt the cock swell in his rectum as blonde teen rose up on his knees. Robby knew that he too was close and he began to pump his cock with his hand. Chris grunted and Robby felt hot cum fill his ass. He pumped his cock harder in search of his own release. When he came, he shot his cum all over his chest, abs and pubes. Chris had filled the rectum up with his cum but he remained hard and continued to fuck the sweet ass. He pushed his cum around in Robby's ass and some of it escaped and wet the bed. Due to their horniness and youthful recuperative powers they continued to fuck until Chris came again. Robby's rectum was overflowing with semen.

Chris collapsed on top of his new-found lover and then they kissed. Chris lay on top with all of his weight resting on the slender teenager. Robby wrapped his legs around tighter and he reveled in the feeling of the big cock growing soft inside him. They stayed in each other's arms for a long time and no words were spoken. They just held each other, kissed and ran their hands over each other. Chris's cock softened and slipped out and it felt like a plug had just been pulled from Robby's asshole. Cum ran out onto the bed and he felt the cool air caress his no longer plugged asshole. 

"Robby, I want you to fuck me now. Would you like to fuck me?"

"Oh yes! Do I ever."

Robby knelt behind Chris and he began to caress his lover's beautiful ass. Robby used an ample amount of lube and rubbed it all around Chris's bung hole. Then he inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing the lovely ass for his cock. As he sawed his fingers in and out, he realized that Chris had bigger dicks than his in there. Robby was getting turned on by the thought of burying his cock in the shapely ass. He moved closer to the blonde teen, lined up the head of his cock with the anal opening and began to ease it into to him. 

The cock head easily cleared the sphincter and it slid right in without resistance. The ass chute was warm and slick as Robby went deep into him. He was all the way in Chris's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Robby continued to pump the scrumptious ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as he caressed the smooth round buttocks. 

Chris said to fuck him harder and quicker. So, Robby picked up the pace and he started pounding the ass faster and faster. Chris was moaning with each thrust of cock. Robby could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed into the receptive ass. Robby tried to make it last as long as possible but he was too excited.

Robby fired a barrage of cum in his lover's ass filling it to overflowing. As he continued to fuck Chris, the seed backed up in the rectum and began to ooze out flowing over their balls. Chris used his talented sphincter to milk the cock and drain it of all its seed. Robby didn't think that his cock would ever be soft again as he remained hard in the tight gripping sheath. The milking action weakened him and Robby collapsed on top of the blonde body. Chris flattened out on the bed with Robby on top, the cock still buried in his ass. Robby rolled off and his hard cock slipped from Chris's ass. Chris rolled to his back and spread his legs lifting his knees to his chest.

"Fuck me again," he commanded.

Robby moved between Chris's legs in the missionary and lined up his still erect cock with his new lover's anus. Chris was also as hard as a rock and his beautiful cock pointed toward his head. Robby pressed slightly forward and his cock moved into the hot ass. Chris's ass seemingly pulled Robby inside and his cock went all the way in the hot bottom.
