 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This will be the final chapter. The voting on the last few chapters has waned and it's time to close out the series. Thanks to all who enjoyed it.

*****

WINDOW OF OPPORTUNITY

When Chris got the phone call from his mother that they were staying overnight at the airport, he turned to his new-found lover and shared the good news. Robby immediately called his parents and let them know he was staying at Chris' house that night. The two pretty gay teens had had sex earlier but now they could relax and enjoy each other for hours. 

"Oh my God, this is so cool that I'm going to stay here tonight in your bed."

"I was thrilled when my mom called and I couldn't wait to invite you."

"Would you fuck me on my back this time? I really want to watch you shoot."

"Of course, then you can fuck me the same way."

"This is so hot. Will we do this in college?"

"Definitely and with Matthew and Nevin too."

"I am so looking forward to that but now I'm ready for your cock."

Robby raised his legs and Chris moved into position. He eased his cock into the receptive ass and placed his hands on the back on Robby's knees. Robby stroked his own cock but not in an effort to cum as he still looked forward to fucking Chris again. Chris fucked his lover slowly until he came in the sweet ass. He stayed buried in the cute bottom until his cock softened and slipped out. 

It was Robby's turn and he wanted Chris on his belly. He loved looking at the scrumptious ass when he fucked it. Chris lay face down but pushed up on his knees enough to raise his ass emphasizing the curvy shape of it. Robby eased his stiff dick into the marvelous derriere and began to fuck it slowly. He lovingly squeezed the shapely buttocks as his dick slid in an out. It was a glorious sight and sensation.

Looking at the incredible bottom as he fucked it sent hi over the edge quickly. He stayed in the gripping rectum as he released a substantial load. Chris moaned aloud when he felt the voluminous discharge flood his passage. He squeezed the throbbing cock with his sphincter and they both moaned loudly. Robby lay on top of Chris and kissed his neck in a moment of passion. Eventually he moved off of Chris and they face each other, embraced and kissed.

They would have sex again before they went to sleep. This time they would fuck each other in the spoon position and cum for a third time that day. Then they slept soundly in each other's arms. During the night they would separate and have a wonderful night's rest.

MORE FUN ON SUNDAY

They woke up together on Sunday morning and they both had piss hard-ons. They grabbed each other's dick and laughed. Then they went to the bathroom to pee and returned to bed. They hugged, kissed and got hard. Robby asked Chris about his first time.

"I was still a virgin after high school graduation. I was still attracted to guys but hadn't done anything. Now that I was 18, I hoped something would happen but I was afraid to make a move on anyone and I wasn't going to do it at home. Martha and I took a vacation for two weeks in the Caribbean and it was a blast."

"Did it happen there?"

"Yes, we met this man and his 19-year-old son and hit it off with them. He would take my mom dancing in the evening and then back to his room. His son Benjamin and I had a lot of fun during the day and then we ended up in my mom's room after dinner. He asked me if I was gay."

"What happened?"

"I told hm that I thought I was but hadn't done anything yet but jerk off. He told me that he would show me but I had to agree to reciprocate. I agreed. So, we stripped and we were both hard. He sucked my cock and I came quickly. He took the first stream in his mouth and then he stroked my dick until I stopped shooting. It was a massive load and I came harder than ever."

"Did you blow him?"

"Oh yes and it was great. I sucked his dick and he too came quickly and flooded my mouth. I loved the feel of his cock in my mouth and the taste of his seed. I kept him in my mouth and swallowed as fast as I could. He was thrilled that I took it all. We were both still hard and then he let me fuck him. He handed me a tube of lube and knelt on the bed. He told me to lube his anus and get him ready. I loved fingering his ass and my cock was throbbing. I lubed my cock and entered him. It was the most glorious feeling and erotic sight."

"Did he have a nice ass?"

"Yes, not as nice as ours but it was still curvy. I loved watching my cock slid in and out between the buttocks. I liked caressing his buns as I fucked him and then my release snuck up on me. I fired a huge load into his ass and filled him with my jizz. He squeezed my shaft with his sphincter and it felt wonderful. I leaned over him and hugged him keeping my cock in his ass. I was savoring my first ass fuck."

"Did he fuck you that night?"

"Oh yeah, I wasn't getting away with out giving up my ass."

"How did it feel? Did it hurt?"

"Yes, it hurt at first but then it felt great. I had put my fingers in my ass many times when I masturbated. Still my ass wasn't stretched enough for his cock. Thank fully he wasn't huge. His cock was more like our size. He lubed me thoroughly and he was gentle but that initial penetration hurt like hell. I was determined to got through with it and eventually loosened up and enjoyed it. When he came in my ass the feeling was marvelous. I loved the sensation and the semen felt soothing."

"Wow, that sounds really sensuous."

"It was and we loved having sex with each other. Over the next ten days we got together every night and would cum at least twice and a few times we managed three. We sucked each other in a 69 position and trued a variety of positions for anal sex. Benjamin told me that he could fuck my ass forever it was so beautiful. By the time vacation was over, I was a very experienced gay young man."

"What did you do when you got home?"

"Nothing, I didn't want the word to get around town that I was gay. My mother knew by then but she was pleased that I didn't make it known to others. My next time was at college with Matthew and Nevin."

"How did you discover them?"

"We were friends at college and I suspected that they were lovers. They were in the same dorm room but like me they were discreet. One Saturday morning after breakfast I went to their room to see if they wanted to do anything that day. I knocked on the door and then tried the door handle. It was open and I waked in the room. The two of them were naked in one bed in a 69-position sucking each other's cock. It was a very erotic sight. I locked the door and stood there watching them."

"What did they do when they saw you?"

"They didn't know I was there until they stopped sucking cock. They were going to fuck each other next and saw me when they moved. I told them the door was open and they blamed each other for not locking it. Nevin noticed that I had a boner in my pants and he asked if I wanted to join them. I stripped quickly and got in bed with them. The bed was small so we took turns sitting on the bed getting our cocks sucked while the one sucking it got fucked from behind. It was a wild morning and we really got into it."

"I guess you continued having threesomes in college."

"Yes, every weekend in their room. It was fantastic sex. Occasionally we would get together during the week but it was mostly Friday night, Saturday and Sunday."

"I can't wait to meet them."

"They will like you and we will have some great times together. I need to get off now, let's suck each other."

They moved into a 69 position and sucked each other off cumming in the other's mouth. Then they showered tossed on nylon shorts and tank tops and ate breakfast in the kitchen. Robby giggled when Chris served the coffee and joked.

"We've already had our cream."

"Funny, that clean up the dishes and hang by the pool."

Outside on the pool deck they sunbathed and swam naked. They put lotion on each other's back, legs and of course buttocks. They played with the other's ass fingering it and caressing the smooth globes. The ass play was a turn on and they ended up fucking each other again. Then they were off to the Jacuzzi to douche their asses. They stayed outside until 1:00 PM and then ate a light lunch. 

Later they enjoyed a few beers in the family room before they went back to Chris' room for one more butt fuck. They moved into a 69-position and sucked each other's cock as they fingered each other's anus. Chris then fucked Robby in the spoon position. When it was Robby's turn, he wanted Chris n his belly again with the ass slightly raised. It was a stimulating sight and Robby loved looking at the marvelous ass as he fucked it.

They were done after their third cum that day. They showered, dressed and Robby went home before the Aaron, Ingrid and Martha got home. Chris was dressed and sitting in the family room when they arrived. He greeted everyone and they all enjoyed a cocktail together. No one would have suspected that Chris had fucked his brains out the past two days. 

AARON SURPRISES CHRIS 

Monday was very routine as the family and Aaron hung out by the pool. He has stayed over in Ingrid's room and they had fucked like rabbits. Tuesday, Martha went to work, Aaron and Ingrid were at it again and Chris went to Robby's house. On Wednesday, Martha and Ingrid went shopping and spent the day out. Chris was sitting in the shade on the pool deck reading when Aaron showed up unexpected.

"Hey Chris, what's up?"

"Oh hi, I didn't expect to see you today."

"Yeah, I know but I was sitting at home thinking about your ass, so I decided to come over. I know the girls will be gone all day."

"Really, I didn't think that once Ingrid got home that you would be interested in another ass."

"You all have fantastic asses and are great butt fucks. I like fucking all of you."

"I'm flattered. So, do you want to go to my room?"

"No, here is okay. Let's get naked."

Aaron took off his clothes and Chris shed his swim suit. Aaron had Chris lean over a patio table and used the lotion to lube the scrumptious ass. He then surprised Chris by entering quickly and pulling him to a standing position. He wrapped his arms around the pretty gay teen and kissed him on the neck. Aaron's hand found the stiff dick and he stroked as he fucked the lovely bottom. 

"Oh yeah, oh fuck, oh my god!" Chris uttered as the massive cock filled his rectum.

"I love the feel of your curvy buns against me," Aaron whispered. 

Aaron kissed and tongued Chris' neck and ear sending chills through the sensuous teen. Chris loved the sensations running through his body and the presence of the big dick in his ass. He was very turned and he came quickly shooting his load onto the pool deck. Aaron continued stroking the smaller cock until he had squeezed all the juice from it. He brought his cum coated hand to Chris' mouth for the teen to taste himself. Chris licked the hand clean and then felt he surge in his rectum.

Aaron had stiffened and shot a massive load into the sweet bottom. Chris' sphincter instinctively clenched around the spurting cock. Aaron hugged the teen tightly as he emptied his balls into the receptive chamber. It was the first time that Chris had ever been fucked standing up and it as an exhilarating experience. Aaron slowly backed away and his huge dick slipped out. He looked at the beautiful ass and watched as his seed oozed out and dribbled down on the pool deck. 

"Oh Aaron, that was fantastic. I have never ben fucked standing up before."

"I liked it too. I've done it with your sister before but this was great."

"I certainly know that I have been fucked when you do it. Oh my!"

"Let's take a dip in the pool and rest up. Later I want to fuck you in the pool with you lying on the rubber raft."

They both entered the pool naked and let the water cool their bodies. Chris wondered to himself what his sister's reaction would be if she came home and saw them fucking. His mother already knew but would his sister be cool with it? 

After a brief dip in the pool they relaxed in the lounges until Aaron was ready to fuck the pretty blonde gay teen again. He walked over to the pool, dove in and swam a few laps before relaxing in the shallow end. Chris also entered the pool. Aaron told him to lay on the rubber raft. Chris paddled around the pool and Aaron watched him closely. Chris was face down on the raft with his legs dangling off the end. His gorgeous ass seemed to rise up higher than his head. Aaron studied the curvy bubble butt and he felt his loins stir with desire. It was time to fuck Chris in the pool. 

Aaron got out and retrieved the sun tan oil and returned to the pool. He oiled up his cock as Chris paddled around. When the raft got close to Aaron, he reached for it and pulled it to him. Moving between Chris's legs his big thick cock brushed against the lovely buns. Chris turned his head to the side and smiled as he knew what was coming. Aaron guided his slippery oily cock between the scrumptious buttocks and pushed the head past the rubbery ring. Chris raised his bottom the best he could to facilitate the penetration.

Inch by inch the thick cock disappeared into the warm receptive channel. The look of the oily distended anus wrapped around the base of his dick and framed by those gorgeous splayed ass cheeks was incredibly erotic. However, it was nothing compared to the feel of being buried to the hilt inside Chris's beautiful perfectly shaped ass. Not in his wildest imagination would Aaron have ever thought that fucking Chris would bring him so much pleasure. 

"Aaron, this is awesome to be fucking in the pool. I love doing this and you are so hard and big in my ass!"

"This is fantastic, Chris! I wish you could see how good you look with my big dick in your beautiful ass."

Aaron was holding onto the raft as he drilled the sweet ass. The sight was incredible and one of the most ever.

"Your ass is amazing Chris!" Aaron exclaimed as he started to gently hump into the perfect bubble butt. "I mean it, this is so fucking hot!"

Chris panted, looking back with a look of desire on his beautiful face. "Really fuck my ass now; I want to feel all of you in me!"

Aaron let out a contented sigh and started moving inside the warm oily chute. He fucked him slowly, gently, savoring the heavenly tightness and losing himself in the spectacle of the dilated anus. Aaron moved the raft back and forth in the water withdrawing and then pushing his cock all the way back inside Chris's rectum. As Aaron made love to the sweet ass, Chris was overcome with pleasure and his cock stiffened below raft in the pool water. 

Chris urged Aaron to cram his dick harder and faster into his slick anal tunnel. Aaron released the raft and grabbed the firm round bubble butt in his hands. They butt fucked like marine animals, grunting and gasping together. Aaron loved the rubbery grip that Chris's snug rectum had on his shaft. Chris reached under the raft and stroked his own throbbing cock as the one in his bottom drove in and out with longer and faster thrusts. 

Aaron picked up his pace even more and started to really pound the pretty teen, burying himself as deep as he could inside the steamy rectum each time. Chris just moaned louder as Aaron slammed against his perfectly shaped tush. Chris stroked his erect cock ever more desperately as Aaron reamed the desirable ass. Aaron found it immensely erotic to watch their anal coupling, his clear appreciation of their ass fuck fueled his ravenous desire to stay in the beautiful bottom forever.

The two lovers were totally consumed by their shared anal lust and they were impervious to anything else. The only sound other than Chris's moaning was the water splashing against the sides of the pool. Chris's sphincter clamped firmly around the big dick and milked the big cock with suctioning squeezes. It was all Aaron could do to ride out his imminent climax and he bucked his hips harder to keep driving his pole in and out of the contracting snug anus. He grabbed onto Chris's round buttocks and jammed himself forcefully inside his ass over and over again. Aaron, sensing that Chris was close, was desperate to cum with him. 

Chris released the hold on his cock as it spewed semen into the water below the raft. Aaron felt the twitching anus signal that Chris was cumming. He then watched as the milky substance floated just below the surface like some sort of marine life. Lost in his mind-blowing orgasm, Chris collapsed on the raft as Aaron pillaged the twitching ass, butt fucking with all he had. Spreading his legs wide as he lay on the raft was all Chris could while Aaron's huge cock glided in and out of his clenching rectum at a furious pace. 

Aaron went rigid as his balls drew up and his cock started to flex erratically in the depths of the marvelous ass. Chris moaned loudly with the sensation of an ejaculating shaft throbbing crazily inside his spasming hole. Aaron's cock swelled during his climax and felt even bigger and harder as he kept spraying a torrent of warm semen deep in Chris' ass. 

For several minutes, the sated lovers could barely move as they were drained and breathing raggedly. Motionless with Chris on the raft and Aaron standing in the water, they enjoyed the afterglow of their raw sex. Aaron pushed the raft away and let his cock slide out of the distended asshole. He stared at the dilated anus and watched as his semen oozed out as Chris used his sphincter to expel the huge load. The milky substance trickled between the shapely legs and into the water to float away as if it was swimming. Aaron massaged Chris's buttocks and relished in the eroticism of the moment.

"That was the most incredible fuck in my entire life. It has to be the sexiest ever," Chris said letting out a deep sigh. 

"It definitely was for me," Aaron added.

They exited the pool and Chris gingerly walked back to the lounge. He plopped face down and groaned, "I don't think that I can move the rest of the day."

"Just relax in the shade; I'll get a couple of beers for us."

Up until early afternoon, they rested and enjoyed the beers. Chris even dozed off as he was absolutely sexually sated and exhausted. Aaron let Chris snooze as he read the daily newspaper and enjoyed his beer. Occasionally he would look over at Chris lying on his belly and admire the pretty blonde's ass. It was so inviting that Aaron wanted to fuck it over and over but he had cum twice already that day and he would have to wait until later. Still he knew he would take Chris's ass one more time before he left that day. 

ROBBY ON THURSDAY

It started with the normal Thursday morning ritual with his new lover Robby. The two lovely gays were in Chris's bed in a 69-position sucking each other's cock. That was just the warm-up though as they were anxious to fuck each other. 

First it was Chris who moved to all fours and had his bottom well-lubed. Robby's cock was throbbing with the anticipation of fucking the sweet ass again. In fact, he never tired of fucking the pretty Chris. He eased his cock into the experienced ass and moved slowly as he tried to make the anal sex last as long as he could. He loved watching his cock slide in and out between the curvy buttocks and he loved caressing the smooth cheeks. 

As much as he tried to make it last, he came quicker than he had wanted. His cock pulsated and he shot a huge load deep into the clenching rectum. He pressed forward and felt the shapely buttocks against his pubes as he emptied his balls into the receptive passage. Chris groaned when he felt the surge of semen shoot into him, a feeling that he cherished. Robby felt the sphincter tighten around his shaft and milk it free of his remaining sperm. 

Then it was Chris's turn to fuck his gay friend. It was like a repeat performance except that it was a different cock in a different ass. Chris loved Robby's ass as it was nearly as nice as his own. He too loved watching his cock move in and out as he fondled the sweet cheeks. It didn't take long before he came and drenched his lover's rectum. He always had a voluminous ejaculation when it was the first of the day. Robby's channel was flooded and the seed seeped out past Chris's smaller cock. The two boys used towels to wipe their bottoms. 
