 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

"Where are we going, Uncle Greg?" I asked curiously. We had been in the car for nearly an hour. My dad, uncle and I had been planning this trip for months but they wouldn't tell me any details. All I knew was that it was an important family tradition.

"We're nearly there, Ben," Uncle Greg replied, meeting my eyes in the rear-view mirror. "We're pulling in now."

I peeked out the window. We seemed to have arrived at some kind of motel. It didn't look too seedy, but I knew we could afford a better hotel than this. What were we doing here?

We checked ourselves in and then headed to our room. To my surprise, there was only one, king-sized bed. I guessed I would be sleeping on the couch. I sat down and stretched my sore limbs. When I looked up, Dad and Uncle Greg were standing over me, looking at me with serious expressions. Sitting down, with them looming over me, I was once again uncomfortably aware of the size difference between us. Uncle Greg and Dad were both huge, over 6 feet, with broad shoulders and muscular arms. Meanwhile, I took more after my petite mother. I was only 5'7, and no matter how much I exercised or dieted I could never put on muscle. To my shame, one of my ex-girlfriends had even called me a twink. It was hard not to be jealous of them.

"So, are you finally going to tell me what's happening?" I ask, trying to sound light-hearted. I don't know why, but I'm beginning to feel somewhat nervous.

"Yes, son," my dad says, sitting down next to me and slapping an arm around my shoulders. "As you know, you're 18 now."

I nodded. I had celebrated my 18th birthday over a week ago. "What of it?"

Uncle Greg and Dad exchanged a look. "That means you're now old enough to take part in our oldest family tradition. Our dad initiated the two of us, his dad initiated him, and one day you will initiate your son. Greg, can you turn on some porn?"

Porn? I had known about the tradition but no matter how I pressed they would never tell me anything about it. Was the family tradition just watching porn together?

I watched curiously as Uncle Greg turned on the cable TV and began flipping through the pay-per-view channels. "Do you have any preferences, Ben? It's up to you." I shook my head.

Finally, Uncle Greg settled on a channel. "Naughty Asian housewife gets fucked up the ass by poolboy!" the title proudly proclaimed. The sound of the hotel room filled with the sound of moans and skin slapping against skin. Uncle Greg sat down next to me and we all watched in silence for a few moments. Anal is one of my favorite porn categories, and despite the presence of my Uncle and father, I found myself becoming hard. I shifted in my seat uncomfortably, trying to surreptitiously adjust my boner.

Dad saw me adjusting myself. "It's okay son, there's no need to be shy." He nodded to Uncle Greg and before I knew it they were both unbuttoning their jeans and pulling out their hard cocks. My mouth dropped open and I couldn't stop staring at their dicks. They were as big as they were, as large as anything I'd seen in porn, and uncut. The movie must have been really good, because Dad's dick was already dripping with precum. "Go on, you too, son."

I looked at Dad nervously. "I don't know about this, Dad. Watching porn is one thing but this is just weird."

"Don't be nervous," Dad shook his head. Before I could react, he was unbuttoning my jeans for me and pulling out my semi-hard dick. As I watched he started stroking it a few times, pulling on the foreskin. I squirmed uncomfortably and tried to push him away but it was no use. My body reacted by becoming even harder.

"He's ready." I heard Uncle Greg's voice behind me. I whipped my head around and my mouth dropped open again. While I hadn't been looking, Uncle Greg had taken off all his clothes. He was completely naked, in his full glory, with his large dick jutting out proudly before him. I started struggling anew, and Uncle Greg grabbed me by the shoulders, forcing me down against the bed. Then he started removing the rest of my clothes.

"Help! Help!" I screamed, flailing wildly. I had started to cry, big fat tears dripping down my face. "Why are you doing this?!" I sobbed.

"This is just the way things are. Don't worry, son, I'll make sure you enjoy it," my dad replied calmly. "There's no use screaming. No one can hear you, and we've informed the hotel workers not to disturb us."

I cried silently as Dad let go of me and went to the suitcase. He took out what I recognized as a large butt plug and a package of lube. When I saw it, I started crying even harder.

Uncle Greg turned me over so that I was lying on my front, my mouth pressed into a pillow and my ass jutting out on display. Dad started pouring copious amounts of lube on his fingers, and then on my bare asshole. I flinched as the cold fluid dripped into my asshole. "Please," I tried one more time. "Dad, I'm not gay."

"Neither are we, but that doesn't mean you won't enjoy this." I looked to Uncle Greg desperately, but he just grinned at me. He looked as excited as my dad did and even though no one had touched him his dick was coated in precum and twitching with excitement.

I pressed my face into my pillow, crying, as dad pushed one of his lube-coated fingers into my virgin ass. Immediately, I clenched hard around him, vice-like. My dad hissed. "Jesus, you're tight son. I can't wait to fuck your virgin ass." After a few moments, he added another finger and began scissoring his fingers inside me.

After fitting three fingers inside me, he pulled them out. I only had a second of relief before I felt the butt plug pressing against my stretched-out hole. "NO!" I screamed loudly. But it was too late. He had already pushed the plug inside.

It hurt. I cried miserably, burying my face into my pillow as Dad and Uncle Greg caressed me, praising me and telling me what a good boy I was. 

"God, I can't take this anymore." I heard Uncle Greg say. Suddenly I felt my head being lifted up. I opened my bleary eyes and came face to face with Uncle Greg's hungry, fat dick in front of me. "Here, Ben, suck this. It will make you feel better."

I struggled but Uncle Greg's hand was like a vice around the back of my neck. Finally, I gave in and opened my mouth. Uncle Greg slid his dick into my mouth easily, his way made easy by all the snot and saliva. His dick tasted salty from the precum. I held my mouth open, trying not to gag as he started fucking my mouth.

I was just getting used to the sensation of having a dick in my mouth and a butt plug in my ass when the vibration turned on. Against my will, I moaned throatily around the dick in my throat and started pushing back against the butt plug. I had never felt anything like this before. God it felt good!

"God, you look hot like this." I heard my dad grunting. "But there's something missing..."

The next thing I knew I felt a hand smack against my ass. "Ow!" I gasped, releasing the dick in my mouth. "What was that—?" Before I could finish my sentence Uncle Greg was shoving his dick back into my mouth and there was another loud smack against my ass as i whimpered in pain.

I don't know how long I spent like that, on my hands and knees with a butt plug in my ass while my dad spanked me and I sucked my uncle's dick. My dad would alternate between smacking me hard, and then rubbing the stinging flesh. The sensations were overwhelming, and before I knew it, I was cumming. I soaked the bedsheets, with wave after wave of cum, more than I had ever produced before.

My uncle spotted it too. He stopped thrusting into me to point at the wet patch on the bed. "Look, Caleb," he said. "I think he's ready for the next step."

"So he is," Dad replied. For a second, everything stopped and I whimpered from loss. When the butt plug was removed from me, my ass clenched around it as if reluctant to let go. Dad pulled me over so that I was on my back, facing him. My dick flopped on my chest, oversensitive and twitching from my orgasm. I flushed in embarrassment.

Uncle Greg was still holding me down, but I wasn't struggling, I didn't need it. Dad pushed my legs apart, holding me open for him. He kept eye contact with me as I felt his dick starting to press into my virgin asshole. For some reason the eye contact turned me on even more. But despite my earlier readiness, I started to panic. "No, Dad—"

It was too late. Dad pressed all the way in and I screamed. He started fucking me hard, pushing into me ruthlessly and pressing into my prostate. Soon, the pain was melting away until nothing remained but pleasure. I forgot all my earlier shame and protests and started fucking myself against Dad's dick eagerly, meeting every one of his thrusts. Uncle Greg's dick appeared in front of my mouth and I eagerly opened my mouth to take him. This wasn't just me responding to pleasure. It was impossible for me to deny any longer that I was a cockslut. This time, instead of just holding my mouth open, I responded to Uncle Greg's thrusts, licking and sucking his dick. Before any time had passed, he was shooting down my throat. The salty taste of his cum set me off and I started cumming again, spraying cum all over my chest. At the sight of my orgasm, Dad started fucking me even harder, twisting his hips so that he could piston into me forcefully.

Finally, there was a pause and I felt Dad's wet semen splashing against my used asshole. I let out a sigh of relief and flopped back against the bed as he pulled out of me. Finally, it was over.

"My turn." I opened my eyes in horror to see Uncle Greg positioning himself behind me, rubbing his dick which was somehow still hard. He sat down on the bed and picked me up as easily as if I was a 90-pound girl, then positioned me on top of his glistening dick.

"Nooo!" I gasped. "It's too sensitive!" But Uncle Greg paid no heed. My eyes rolled back into my head as Uncle Greg pushed me down on his dick until I was fully seated on his lap. I whimpered as he started bouncing me up and down on his dick and played with my nipples. When he started jerking my oversensitive dick, I started to cry again. "It's too much..."

They took turns fucking me all day and all night and I eventually lost track of how many times I came. I must have passed out at some point because when I woke up it was to Uncle Greg's mouth wrapped around my sensitive penis. I whimpered and cried as he wrung one last orgasm out of me.

The three of us took a shower together that morning and it ended with me on my hands and knees again, Uncle Greg's dick in my ass as I sucked Dad's dick.

"Are we going to do this again?" I asked curiously as we were checking out of the motel.

"Every month, son. That's the tradition." I smiled. I couldn't wait to become my Dad and Uncle's bitch again.