 Authors note: I started this story about a year ago and finally have it finished. I hope you like it as it is one of my favorites.

sexygirl76

*

Chapter 1

The year is 2275, and life is a lot different from what we know today. Mars has been colonized and anyone who is anyone goes there for vacations. You can visit the lost colony and discover old ruins or you can just hang around the tourist areas and have all your fantasies fulfilled. Have sex with an alien, or with a porn star, anything can happen on Mars if you have enough credits. It isn't for the weak hearted, or those who want a normal life. Mars is for the adventurous, so come visit today and have all your dreams come true.

25 year old Michael turned off the view screen and sighed. Mars, what a place to go. Where you can fulfill any fantasy or dream. You can be with anyone you want for a night or longer, it just depends on how much you are willing to spend on fantasy. 

Mars was for the rich and famous, normal people never left Earth. Normal people had dreams as well but they rarely came true. You got up, went to work and tried to survive. Nothing spectacular there.

Michael lived in West block; it was one of the lower income areas in what was now New Las Angeles. Las Angeles and San Francisco had become one town in the big quake of 2190. It had been the biggest quake on record and there had been a lot of casualties. It had taken a long time to rebuild and they were still rebuilding quite a few things almost a hundred years later. 

Michael hadn't exactly grown up poor but he hadn't grown up rich either. His mother was a school teacher, his father an architect. He didn't have the best of everything, but at the same time he never went without either. He and his brother Terry had thought they had it all when they were kids. Clothes on their backs, food in their belly's, anything their hearts desired within reason. 

For Terry he had gotten everything he wanted out of life. He had gone to college, gotten a law degree and was a very successful lawyer now with a loving wife and two kids that adored him.

Michael on the other hand wasn't so lucky. He had dropped out of high school when he was 16. He had gone to work doing construction and had made a good living at it. He was still single; he hadn't found the right person to share his life with yet. He had his personal android that cooked, cleaned and did everything a wife would do for him but it wasn't human. There were no feelings involved.

It didn't help that Michael was gay, he had known for as long as he could remember that he wasn't interested in girls. He tried dating a couple times in high school but there was no spark, no connection. He just wasn't interested. There were a couple of guys he had thought were cute, but he never had the courage to approach them. 

His parents still didn't know he was gay, he was afraid they wouldn't approve. They were curious on why he got a male droid instead of a female one but when he explained that he wanted the companionship more than sex they had let it go.

He sat back on the couch and sighed, why couldn't he find love? He had been to every gay bar in town but none of the guys ever struck his interest and he always left alone. The truth was Michael was very particular about the guys he was interested in. They had to be tall, slender and well built. He liked big cocks shimmying inside him. When he got his droid he had specified that it had to have a cock at least 9 inches in length and 2 inches in diameter. Sex wasn't the problem, he got that whenever he wanted, and he wanted more. He wanted someone to come home to every night, someone to cuddle with and say I love you. 

The problem was Michael had already found his dream man, 5'10", slender, with jet black hair that hung down his back in waves and piercing blue eyes that seemed to see right to your soul. He also had a 9 inch cock that made your mouth water every time you looked at it. From the video's Michael had seen he also knew how to use it and use it well. 

His name was Johnny Fang and he was 28 years old. Never married, no kids, and as gay as Michael was. He was also a porn star and made his living on Mars.

Michael had first seen him when he was 18. He had gone to a porn shop to see what kinds of movies they had since he was legal and there Johnny was on the view screen. 

His first movie, "Blazing Cocks." It had been a huge success. As soon as he saw him on screen, Michael's heart started hammering in his chest and his 8 inch cock got rock hard. It was so hard it was threatening to tear through his jeans. Michael had been so embarrassed he had left the shop without buying anything. 

A week later he had gone back to the shop and bought every Johnny Fang movie he could find. He had locked himself in his room that night and jacked off over and over watching Johnny suck cock, get fucked up his ass and even fuck a couple of guys. Michael's eyes were glued to the screen; he couldn't get enough of watching that hot body move. 

It wasn't long before Michael realized he was obsessed with Johnny. He would dream about him at night, dream of Johnny fucking him up the ass. He woke with cum on his sheet so many mornings that he knew he had to do something or he was going to go insane.

Six months after he discovered Johnny Fang, Michael knew he needed a real cock inside him. The dreams were getting more intense by the day. He knew he would never meet Johnny but that didn't stop him from watching the video's over and over again until he had to buy new ones because he wore out the old discs. 

He was lying in bed one night stroking his cock for about the hundredth time watching Johnny getting reamed by an older guy when he felt his ass twitching. He rolled over onto his side and pressed his finger against his asshole. It was tight and he couldn't push his finger inside so he wetted his finger with his saliva and tried again. This time his finger slid inside and he damn near creamed the sheets at the feeling of intense pleasure coursing through him.

He closed his eyes as he slowly worked his finger in and out of his tight asshole. It felt amazing and as he sped up the movement of his finger he reached down and started stroking his cock once more. He tried pushing a second finger in with the first but had to stop when it hurt. He pulled his robe on and went down to the kitchen and grabbed the vegetable oil out of the cupboard. He quickly put it in his pocket then raced back to his room praying no one saw him.

He closed his bedroom door as quietly as he could then stripped out of his robe and climbed back onto the bed holding the vegetable oil. He opened the bottle and poured a little on his fingers then lay down on his stomach and once again pushed his fingers into his ass. "Ugh, oh...oh god." He moaned quietly slowly working his fingers in and out. He worked his fingers in his ass moaning as the feelings intensified, he loved stroking his cock but having something up his ass made the feelings stronger. His cock was rock hard and leaking precum all over the sheets as he worked his ass. He lifted against his hand as he moved his fingers faster. "Oh...oh yes," he cried feeling the pleasure intensify.

He slid a third finger in with the other two and cried out. His ass felt so full and yet he wanted more. He worked his fingers furiously in and out of his tight hole as he pressed his cock hard against the mattress, making fucking motions with his hips. He humped hard against the bed as he worked his hand furiously. Cries were escaping his lips and his eyes were screwed shut as his breathing became ragged. He humped harder against the mattress feeling his cock getting harder and harder by the second. It was leaking like crazy and his fingers were flying in and out of his ass, making squishing noises. "Ugh...Fuck, god that feels good." He panted lifting his head and tossing it back and forth. He felt his balls start to tighten and growled as he pushed harder and faster. When the release came it shook him it was so intense. He cried out and jammed his fingers hard into his ass, holding them buried inside him as he felt his ass tighten around them. He coated the sheets with his essence then collapsed in the middle of it completely spent and sated.

After that night Michael tried various ways to fill his ass. He grabbed a banana and a cucumber from the fruit bowl his mother kept. He would work them in his ass and cream so hard he was sure he was going to pass out from the pleasure of it. Even with all the items he shoved up his ass he realized he wanted more. He wanted to feel a real cock up his ass, to feel it harden and squirt inside him. He would lie in bed at night thinking about it until it too became an obsession.

The night of his 19th birthday he made a decision. He told his parents he was going out with friends then headed for one of the seedier parts of town. He was terrified as he drove down the dark streets but he knew this was the only area to find what he was looking for. Prostitutes weren't prominent in his neck of the woods. In fact they were few and far between, the cops ran them off most nights saying this was a nice area and they didn't need riffraff like them hanging around. 

He drove down the strip for almost an hour looking for something. He wasn't sure exactly what he was looking for, only that he would know when he found it. There were plenty of women walking the strip dressed in next to nothing but he passed them all by. He wasn't interested in pussy. He was about to give up and go home when he saw him. He was standing on the corner all alone, his leather pants looking like they were molded to his body. He wasn't wearing a shirt even though the night was cool and his nipples were rock hard in the light wind. His dark blonde hair was flowing around his shoulders and he was smoking a cigarette and looked bored. 

Michael watched him for about 10 minutes before he built up the courage to drive towards him. When the man saw the car he smiled seductively and sashayed over to the passenger side door. He leaned in the open window and smiled at Michael. "Hey honey, looking for some fun?" he asked with a deep penetrating voice.

Michael swallowed a couple of times before he could find his voice. "Um...yeah I think so." He said softly.

The man looked at him for a minute and licked his lips. "What's your name honey?"

Michael looked down at the steering wheel. "Michael." He said softly.

"How old are you Michael?" The man asked reaching in the window and lightly brushing Michael's arm.

Michael jumped at the touch and looked at him. "Um...1...19." He stammered.

The man pulled his hand back and smiled softly. "Mind if I get in the car? It's a little chilly out here."

Michael swallowed and nodded, he was terrified but he was also excited at the same time. When the man slid his lanky form into the car Michael looked at him. His cock was pressing against the crotch of his jeans and Michael licked his lips as he looked at it. He heard the car door shut and lifted his eyes. The other man was close and he leaned back. "I'm Mitch." The man said with a soft smile. "So Michael, you ever been with a man before?"

Michael blushed and looked down at his hands. "N...No...I've put stuff up my ass but that's it."

Mitch smiled and reached out and cupped Michael's face turning his face towards him. Michael looked at him in the darkened car then his eyes widened as Mitch leaned forward and brushed his lips against Michael's. When he felt Mitch's tongue pressing against his lips he thought about pulling back but instead slowly opened his mouth and moaned as Mitch's tongue swooped into his mouth.

The two men kissed long and deep, holding onto each other. Michael wrapped his arms around the other man and held him against him as Mitch deepened the kiss. Mitch held his face for a minute then let his hand explore over Michael's body. He moved his hand down over his stomach and cupped Michael's cock through his jeans, gently squeezing it. Michael gasped and moaned as he pulled back, his eyes hot with heat.

Mitch gently stroked him through his jeans. "You have a nice package baby." He said huskily running his fingers over the material.

Michael felt his cock harden and closed his eyes as pleasure coursed through him. He tipped his head back and whimpered as Mitch reached up and undid his jeans. He felt the cool air in the car touch him as Mitch pulled his jeans open reached in and touched his bare cock. Michael sucked in his breath as he felt the other man's hand surround him. He had never had anyone touch him but himself but he had to admit that Mitch's hand felt a lot better than his own. When Mitch gently ran his hand up and down over the length of him, Michael cried out and leaned his head back against the window.

Mitch gently stroked him while he looked at Michael. Michael's eyes were closed and his breathing was ragged. Mitch leaned forward and dropped gentle kisses on Michael's chin and mouth. "What do you want baby?" he asked huskily tightening his grip on Michaels' cock.

Michael was having a hard time catching his breath. His cock was so hard that he felt it was going to burst any second. He opened his eyes and looked at Mitch. "I...I want to be fucked." He said softly then blushed.

Mitch smiled at him and squeezed his cock a bit again making Michael whimper. "I can do that for you honey. $100.00 and I'll stick my cock up your tight little ass."

Michael thought about it, he had enough. He had been working three days a week and had just gotten paid. "I...I've got enough." He said huskily bucking up against Mitch's hand.

Mitch stroked him a bit harder, nipping at Michael's lips with his teeth. "You ever had your cock sucked baby?"

Michael blushed and shook his head.

Mitch grinned, "for an extra 20 I'll give you a blow job you'll never forget."

Michael was breathing heavy. Mitch's hand felt like heaven on his cock and he could just barely imagine what his mouth would feel like. "O...Okay." He said huskily.

Mitch grinned and scooted back in the seat so he was pressed up against the passenger door. He grabbed Michael's pants and pulled so Michael lifted his hips and let Mitch pull his jeans down around his knees. Mitch reached out and grabbed Michael's cock slowly stroking it for a minute then he lowered his head and kissed the tip. Michael shuddered and closed his eyes. When he felt Mitch's mouth wrap over the tip of him he cried out and bucked up with his hips.

Mitch worked his tongue back and forth over the tip of Michael's cock as he jerked his hand up and down over the base. He sucked at the tip for a minute or two then slowly lowered his head over him taking more of the cock into his hungry mouth. Michael growled and rested his head against the window as he tangled his fingers in Mitch's hair. He held him against him as Mitch bobbed his head up and down over him taking his cock far into his mouth and working his tongue over him making sure to hit every sensitive spot he could find. Michael had his eyes squeezed shut and bucked up with his hips pushing more of his cock into Mitch's hungry mouth. When he felt Mitch pull his cock into his throat he let out a strangled cry and leaked precum down Mitch's throat. "Ugh...Oh god, that feels so good." He panted slowly fucking the other man's face.

Mitch bobbed his head faster over Michael taking as much of his cock into his mouth as he could, he jerked his hand back and forth over him as he took Michael to new heights. Michael cried out and tightened his fingers in Mitch's hair as he bucked hard with his hips burying his cock into Mitch's hungry mouth. Mitch groaned and whipped his tongue over every bit of flesh he could reach. He slid Michael's cock into his throat, holding it as long as he could, his nose in the other man's pubic hair. When he did this, Michael gave a strangled cry and hit his head against the window as he fucked Mitch's face like a mad man. His balls were burning and he knew it wouldn't be long before he gave the other man a mouthful. His breathes were coming out in ragged pants as he fought to control his body.

Mitch went to town on him, licking, sucking and pulling on the hard meat in his mouth. The precum was so good he was dying to taste the real thing. His fingers were digging into the hard flesh as he jerked with his hand. Michael cried out and slammed his hips upward hard. "Ugh, oh god, I think I'm going to cum." He cried feeling like his balls were about to explode.

Mitch tightened his lips around the hard meat in his mouth and sucked harder. At the first shot he relished it in his mouth then swallowed quickly barely emptying his mouth before Michael sent another shot of hot cum between his lips. When it had dropped to a drizzle, Mitch licked up all he could get then slowly pulled his mouth away. Michael was leaning against the door his eyes closed and his breathing in ragged pants. "You taste good baby." Mitch said with a grin.

Michael opened his eyes and looked at Mitch. "T...that was amazing, I have never felt anything like that before."

Mitch grinned and sat back in the seat. "Well I'm glad you enjoyed it. I do work to please my customers."

Michael smiled and took a shallow breath. "That was so good, I'm almost afraid to see what comes next."

Mitch laughed and sat back against the door. "You really are an innocent aren't you?"

Michael blushed and looked down at his lap. "Yeah, I guess I am."

Mitch reached out and cupped his face. "It's okay, I like virgins."

Michael lifted his eyes and looked at him. "I...I..."

Mitch leaned forward and kissed him softly. "You don't have to say anything I understand I really do." He reached down and squeezed Michael's leg. "You ready to get fucked?"

Michael's eyes lit up and he smiled as he felt his ass start to twitch. "Oh hell yeah."

Mitch laughed and scooted as close to the door as he could get. "Roll over onto your knees facing away from me and let me look at that hot ass." He said huskily.

Michael felt a small fission of tension but shook it off and did as he was told. He rested his head against the window as he knelt on the seat feeling the steering wheel pressing into his side.

Mitch pushed Michael's jeans down further so his whole ass was exposed and ran his hand over the bare flesh. Michael shivered at the other man's touch and when he felt his ass cheeks spread open he started to tense up. "Relax baby or it will hurt." Mitch said softly gently pressing his finger against Michael's hole.

Michael closed his eyes and took a deep breath. This was what he wanted; he could feel how hungry his ass was to be filled. He forced his body to relax and when Mitch's finger slid inside him he moaned and pressed back against him. "God you are tight baby." Mitch sighed slowly working his finger in and out.

Michael sighed in pleasure. "I've only had fruit up there." He admitted sheepishly.

Mitch smiled and reached into his jacket pocket. He pulled out a tube of lube and liberally coated his fingers. Then he spread Michael open once more and pressed two fingers against his tight hole. As they were enveloped inside Michael whimpered and pulled them in deeper. "Oh...oh that feels good." He sighed rubbing his face against the window.

Mitch worked his fingers in and out trying to stretch Michael out. He pulled his fingers free, lubed them up again then pressed three fingers into the other man. Michael cried out as he felt himself being stretched. It didn't hurt parse, but it felt strange feeling the other mans' fingers inside him. "Oh yeah, that's it, now your loosening up." Mitch said with a smile.

He worked his fingers in and out, spreading them open so he was able to stretch Michael out better. Michael was whimpering and pressing back against him. When he was sure he was loose enough, he pulled his fingers free and wiped them on his jeans. "Ready baby?" he asked huskily, undoing his jeans and pushing them to his knees as he moved up behind the other man.
