 PRELUDE

Two things caused Kurt to wake up slowly on Saturday morning. The pressure in his bladder and the steady sound of the heavy rain. He knew that tennis would be rained out that morning and he wished that he could just lay in bed and listen to the rain. However, the need to take his morning piss won out and he rolled his legs out of bed. That's when he remembered that he was not in his own bed. He wasn't even in his own condo.

He stood up and looked at the naked bodies of Carey and Jerry in their king size bed. They were still sleeping and looked so sweet and innocent. Their curvy, hairless bodies with smooth flawless skin glistened in the soft light. Looking at their lovely shapely asses was a reminder that Kurt had fucked them both the night before. The pressure in his bladder signaled that it was time to relieve himself.

He left the bedroom and went in to the bathroom where he took a lengthy piss and washed his cock and hands. Returning to the bedroom he saw that the cute gays were awake now and engaged in morning anal sex. They were both on their sides in a spoon position with Carey fucking his roommate. Kurt watched them briefly and stroked his cock into hardness. Locating the anal gel, he greased his cock and joined them in bed. 

Snuggling up to Carey, he eased his impressive cock into the sweet round ass. He entered the receptive bottom slowly and steadily so as not to cause any discomfort. Carey moaned audibly as the big dick filled his ass yet again. He had stopped briefly while letting the cock settle in his chute and then he resumed fucking Jerry. Kurt loved anal sex and was open to it with both women and cute gays as long as they had nice asses. Carey and Jerry met the criteria as their curvy bottoms were about as alluring as any could be. Kurt liked it when he remained almost still as Carey moved back and forth fucking Jerry.

"Get ready Jerry, I'm going to cum soon now that Kurt is in my ass."

Seconds later Carey's body stiffened as he ejaculated into his lover's rectum. "Oh wow, I feel it Carey, I love it,"

Carey remained in Jerry's bottom allowing the sphincter to grip his cock and squeeze the semen from it. He had stopped moving so Kurt had picked up on that and began fucking the lovely bottom. When Carey's cock slipped from Jerry's ass, he told his roommate to switch with him. Kurt removed his cock so that Jerry could fuck Carey. Once they were in position, Kurt got behind Jerry and began fucking him. Jerry's release was triggered quickly with the presence if the big cock in his ass. He came quickly but this time so did Kurt.

"Oh Carey, I'm cumming. Kurt's cumming too, I feel it."

Both rectums were flooded with substantial loads and Jerry's rectum was overflowing with the two in his bottom. "Oh man, I really felt that Jerry, you came a lot."

"Not as much as Kurt, I feel like a hose was turned on in my ass." 

The three of them remained in the spoon position for several minutes as they recovered from morning sex. They separated and lay on their backs.

"What's on the agenda today?" Carey asked Kurt.

"Well, tennis is rained out and so is a day at the pool. I'll probably eat breakfast and go to the gym for a workout. How about you two?"

"Since it looks like rain all day, we'll probably stay in watch TV and fuck all day. You're welcome to join us." Carey offered.

"I might take you up on it but first breakfast and a workout."

"Let's go out for breakfast," Jerry suggested.

"Sure, I like that. Then I'll work out later."

"Are you sure you don't mind being seen with us at the café?" Carey questioned.

"Of course not, we've been there before, not a problem."

The three of them got up and Kurt returned to his condo to shower and dress while the other two got ready. Minutes later they were dashing for Kurt's car and then heading to the café. They didn't expect it to be busy that morning due to the crummy weather and they were right. It was a perfect day in that regard to enjoy several lattes and breakfast. That was six weeks after Kurt first met Carey and Jerry the day they moved into the complex.

MEETING THE NEW GAY NEIGHBORS

Kurt was returning from his tennis match on Saturday morning when he noticed new neighbors moving into the condo across the street. At first he thought it was a couple but a closer look revealed that it was two guys. They were both built about the same and appeared to be around 5'6" tall. They had slender bodies and the tight shorts they were wearing showed off their curvy buns and shapely legs. They could have easily passed for young women. After putting his tennis racquet in his condo, he walked across the street to introduce himself. 

"Hey guys, welcome to the neighborhood. I'm Kurt, I live right over there."

"Oh hi, I'm Carey and this is Jerry."

Jerry nodded in Kurt's direction as he walked by carrying a box into the condo. Kurt noticed his ass again as Jerry seemed to sway it more than necessary. Both guys wore their hair long but not too long covering their necks and ears. Jerry's hair was very light, nearly blonde and Carey's was a darker brown. 

"Do you want a hand moving in he addressed Carey?"

"If you like, that would be great and very neighborly."

"Sure, I was going to work out at the gym but I'll help you guys instead."

They had rented a U-Haul truck and it was still nearly full. With Kurt's help they had finished unloading it in two hours. During that time Kurt kept checking out their super fine asses and they in turn were impressed with his muscular 6'2" 190 pound chiseled physique. Kurt had suspected that they were gay but when they set up the king size bed in the master bedroom and used the other bedroom as an office, that conformed it. 

Once the truck was unloaded the guys returned it but not before inviting Kurt over for beer and pizza later. Kurt accepted and then got in a quick run before showering and changing clothes. As he soaped his body in the shower he thought about the pretty gays and their curvy asses. A big fan of anal sex and someone who had popped a few cute gay bottoms in the past, he knew that he would fuck these cuties in a heartbeat given the opportunity. He finished showering, dressed and headed over to the new neighbors.

Jerry greeted Kurt at the door and invited him in. They hadn't started on the boxes yet but the furniture was in place and things looked very organized. Beers were served all around and Carey called out for pizza. They drank and got acquainted while waiting for the pizza delivery. Kurt gave them a run down on the condo community and they were pleased with all the social activities that took place there. Kurt noticed that both of them looked at him with interested but that was a far as anything went. The pizza arrived and they sat at the dinette table and continued their conversation while they ate.

"Kurt, I'm sure that you have figured out that Jerry and I are gay and lovers."

"I suspected as much, yes."

"You seem to be okay with that, I mean you seem comfortable with us."

"I am. I'm not gay but I have some gay friends and co-workers. We all get along. In fact, one of the guys in our tennis group is gay."

"I think that is really cool," Jerry offered.

"Hey, we can all get along. How long have you guys been together?"

"Just about two years now. We met at this figure skating club. We don't compete anymore, it's just a good place to skate."

Kurt knew the skating accounted for their lithe toned bodies and killer asses. Carey anticipated Kurt's thoughts and offered."

"We didn't know each other before we met two years ago. Although we both knew we were gay, we had never been with anyone before that." 

"We got to take each other's virginity," Jerry added.

"Wow, how old are you now?"

"We're both 23, how about you?"

"I'll be 26 in September."

"Just so you know, we don't sleep around and don't have wild parties. Jerry and I have only been with each other."

"That's cool, wild parties don't sit well with the condo association. However, there are plenty of social events."

They finished the pizza and Carey cleaned up afterward. They sat on the sofa and had one more beer before Kurt excused himself. "I should get going and besides I'm sure that you two are tired."

"We are, thanks again for your help today."

"Oh you're welcome, I'll see you around."

Kurt left the condo and walked across the street to his own. He liked the new neighbors and he was glad to hear that they had not slept with anyone but each other. If he had been asked he would have definitely fucked both of them as he was in the mood for sex. He got back to his condo and called Celia who was usually home and always ready for a roll in the hay. As it turned out she was not home so Kurt flopped on his couch and watched TV. He was not in the mood to go out and chase pussy.

FIRST NIGHT TOGTHER IN THE CONDO

After Kurt left the two lovers were ready to go to bed and make love. Even though they were both impressed with Kurt they had not made any overtures towards him. However, if there was one person whom they might invite into their bed it was him. They still had never been with anyone else or ever had a threesome but their desires had been stirred. 

They got in bed naked and Carey took Jerry's cock into his mouth and Jerry followed Carey's lead. The two of them sucked cock and they relished the feeling of the soft mushroom heads in their mouths. They took the similar 5" cocks as deep in their mouths as they were comfortable with doing as they made love to each other. They held to each other's ass cheeks as they sucked each other. Carey moved a finger between his lover's ass cheeks and tickled his anus and again Jerry did the same thing to his lover. Jerry felt a surge pass through his loins and his testicles tightened signaling that he was about to cum. He felt his cum travel from his scrotum through his cock and blast into his lover's mouth. Carey just held onto the twitching ass and swallowed the load as it shot into his mouth. He then rubbed his lover's balls as he drank down every drop of cum. Jerry was in ecstasy as he always enjoyed ejaculating into his lover's mouth. 

He had stopped sucking cock briefly as he savored the moment of cumming in his lover's mouth but then at Carey's urging he resumed sucking cock. Carey shot his load shortly thereafter and flooded Jerry's mouth with cum. Jerry did just as his lover had done and swallowed as fast as he tried to capture every drop of cum. They continued to hold to each other and suck each other in the 69 position. They were both so turned on that they remained hard. They could have cum again in each other's mouth but Carey wanted to fuck. 

"You really came quick tonight."

"So did you, I guess we were really turned on."

"I'm going to fuck you Jerry and then I want you to fuck me."

The two beautiful gays separated from their 69 position and Carey told Jerry to get on all fours. He did as he was told and positioned himself on all fours. He looked back over his shoulder with excitement at his lover. Carey played with the curvy bottom a long time as he loved fingering his lover's bung-hole and caressing his shapely ass. Jerry stayed hard throughout the foreplay and at one time he thought that he might cum again. It was just then that Carey told him to turn over. Jerry lifted his legs and placed them on his lover's shoulders as directed.

"I love to watch the expression on your face when I fuck you," Carey said in a raspy voice.

Carey placed the head of his cock at the anus and pressed forward testing the resistance. Every few seconds he would push inside and then pull back out stretching him a little wider each time. It was quite a turn-on for Carey watching his rigid cock between Jerry's raised and spread legs. Carey's next thrust was with purpose and Jerry felt the surge as his lover's cock pushed passed his sphincter.

"Oh yeah," Jerry groaned. 

Carey remained inside and did not move for several seconds allowing Jerry to adjust to his cock. Jerry wrapped his ankles around his lover's ass and pulled him in deeper. Carey stopped once again and remained still for a moment and waited for a reaction. The feeling of pressure was replaced by desire and Jerry rotated his hips and arched his back to get the cock further inside him.

His body opened up to his partner and he felt the cock stretch him open. The shaft slid in and out slowly until he all five inches were buried in the receptive ass. Jerry could feel his lover's balls resting on his ass. He couldn't believe what a wonderful feeling it always was to have a cock completely inside him. Carey pulled out a little and then he stopped and pushed back inside. The feeling was fantastic and Jerry began to rotate his hips again. Then Carey pulled almost all of the way out and then plunged inside fucking his lover senseless. Jerry moaned in response to the pounding as they began to make love. Carey leaned over him and Jerry wrapped his legs around him, hooking his ankles together and they began rocking and moving beautifully together. Jerry was being fucked again and he loved it.

They were fucking hard and reveled in each thrust. Jerry looked down and watched his balls and erect cock bounce around as he was fucked. He soon felt another tightness in his balls. Carey began to moan louder and louder, and fucked harder and faster. Jerry felt the cock swell in his rectum as Carey rose up on his knees. Jerry knew that he was close and he began to pump his own cock with his hand. Carey grunted and Jerry felt hot cum fill his ass. He pumped his cock harder in search of his own release. When he came, he shot his own cum all over his chest, abs and pubes. Carey had filled the rectum with his seed but he remained hard and continued to fuck the sweet ass. Carey pushed his cum around in the rectum and some of it escaped and trickled out. 

Carey collapsed on top of his lover and then they kissed. He lay on top of Jerry with all of his weight resting on him. Jerry wrapped his legs around him and he reveled in the feeling of the cock growing soft inside him. They stayed in each other's arms for several minutes and no words were spoken. They just held each other, kissed and ran their hands over each other. Carey's cock softened and slipped from Jerry's ass and it felt like a plug had just been pulled out. Semen ran out onto the bed sheet and he felt the cool air caress his dilated anus. 

"Jerry I want you to fuck me now. Are you ready to fuck me?" Carey asked.

"Oh my God, yes!" Jerry gasped.

Carey got on all fours and handed his lover the lotion. "Put plenty of that stuff on your cock and in my ass."

Jerry knelt behind Carey and he began to caress his lover's beautiful ass. He loved it that Carey's body, just like his, was delicate, hairless and flawless. Jerry put an ample amount of lotion in his hands and rubbed it all around the anus. He inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing the sweet ass for his cock. As he sawed his fingers in and out of Carey's anus, Jerry was getting turned on by the thought of burying his cock in the shapely ass. He moved closer to his lover and lined up the head of his cock with the anal opening and began to ease it into to him. 

Jerry's cock head cleared the gripping sphincter and it slid right in without resistance. The ass chute was warm and tight as Jerry went deep into him. He was all the way in Carey's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. He continued to pump the lovely ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as he caressed his lover's smooth round bottom. 

Carey asked Jerry to fuck him harder and quicker. So, Jerry picked up the pace and he started pounding Carey's ass faster and faster. His balls started bouncing off of his lover's balls and Carey was moaning with each thrust of cock. Jerry could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed into the hot ass. He tried to make it last as long as possible but once Carey started to contract his clenching sphincter, he lost it.

Jerry fired a barrage of cum in his lover's ass filling it to overflowing. As he continued to fuck Carey, the seed backed up in the rectum and began to ooze out flowing over their balls. Carey used his talented sphincter to milk the cock and drain it of all his seed. Jerry didn't think that his cock would ever be soft again as he remained hard in the tight sheath. Carey flattened out on the bed with Jerry on top but Jerry rolled off of him and his hard cock slipped from the well-fucked ass. Carey rolled to his back and let out a big sigh.

"I wonder how Kurt's cock would feel in there," Carey sighed.

"You probably won't find out, he's obviously not gay," Jerry replied.

"Too bad, did you see the outline of his package? I wonder how big it is?"

"Yeah, I did. The one time he had a boner and it looked pretty big."

"We've never done it with anyone else but he turns me on."

"Me too, I would do it if you would. Do you think that he would?"

"I'm not sure. Although he seemed to be checking out our asses all day."

"I wonder is he has ever fucked another guy."

"If he has then I bet he'd be willing to do us. I still have to think about it as it would be a big step for us."

"I agree."

The two of them remained in bed and cuddled together until they went to sleep. They were unconcerned about the semen drying on the bed sheets and their bodies. They would clean up in the morning. Being tired from the move and sexually sated, they slept soundly.

A WEEK LATER

On a Saturday morning, just after tennis Kurt arrived back at his condo. Carey and Jerry were just leaving theirs and they were dressed for the pool. Kurt called out to them.

"Hey are you headed for the swimming pool?"

"Yes," Carey yelled back.

"Save me a lounge chair, I'll be there as soon as I shower and change."

"Okay, will do."

Kurt went into his condo to shower and change into his swimsuit. The pool always got busy on Saturday particularly when it was a nice day like that day. Knowing that the guys would save a seat for him, he didn't have to rush and even had time for a quick snack. He put on his snug Speedo swim trunks which hugged his thighs and showed off his package. He was proud of his prowess and liked showing off but in good taste. By the time Kurt got to the complex swimming pool it was packed and he was glad that the guys had saved him a lounge.

He approached the two cuties and saw that Jerry was lying face down. His ass looked great as it reached toward the sky. Carey was sitting up and engrossed in a book. He glanced up when he saw Kurt and his eyes went right to the crotch. Kurt smiled as he knew his gay neighbor was checking him out. He dropped his stuff on the lounge chair and playfully slapped Jerry on the ass.

"Hey thanks for saving me a space. You can see how crazy it gets here on Saturdays."

Jerry was red faced as no one had ever touched his ass before except Carey. He smiled at Kurt and then turned his head away. Still he felt a surge in his loins to think that Kurt might be interested in his ass. 

"Do all these people live here?" Carey asked.

"No, a lot of them invite guests and family. The rules are no more than three guests per condo but some people stretch it. Saturday is always a zoo, Sunday it's not as crowded."

"I'm going to lay on my stomach for a while. Jerry, would you put lotion on my back?"

"I'll do it. I'm already sitting up," Kurt offered.

Nervously Carey rolled over on his stomach and Kurt took the lotion and poured some on the slender shoulders. His hands then massaged the lotion into the flawless skin and he liked the feel of the smooth texture. As the hands work the lotion in, it was more of a massage then an application. Carey was getting a bit turned on as the strong hands moved over his body. He was relieved when Kurt finished with his back.
