 James was desperately excited and desperately nervous. Sat in a cafe in the gay district of Toronto, freshly landed from a flight from Heathrow, he was trying to both sober up and revive himself after a late night and very early morning flight. Across the table sat Daniel, a very confident, very gay guy who James knew wanted to bury his huge cock in James's tight little ass. 

James, who was an enthusiastic drinker, had met up with a few friends in London the evening before flying out and had got absolutely plastered, trying to shake off the nerves which had arrived knowing he was soon to fly out and meet Daniel, who knew all about his curiosity and was very, very happy to 'show James around', as he put it. 

The drinking had helped with James's nerves initially, but as the alcohol wore off he was left with the inevitable hangover and the equally inevitable raging libido. Whenever James was hungover it seemed a switch had been flicked somewhere inside him and he became desperate for sex, to the point of ignoring law, decency and privacy. 

Right now he was trying very hard to a) not seem nervous and b) not reveal to Daniel that he couldn't stop fantasising about being stripped completely naked by him and used for Daniel's pleasure in whatever way he wanted, whether swallowing his hard cock deep into his throat or being told to lean against the wall of the downstairs toilet cubicle and have Daniel strip off his ridiculously tiny, tight, baby blue Calvin Klein briefs and slide his hard cock between James's tight and oh so willing ass cheeks. 

James was 5'9", of medium build, with dark blond hair, cut quite short, and eyes which seemed to change colour with the weather. Though very low on self-esteem, he was in many ways a stereotypical twink, of the kind guys like Daniel enormously enjoyed bending to their sexual will. He had an ass to die for and unfortunately for him, Daniel had already seen a picture of his bare cheeks on their mutual friend Rebecca's phone.

"This is all Rebecca's fault", James thought, as he glanced up to see Daniel smiling at him, saying: "You look lost in your thoughts James, hope they're nothing TOO distracting." James blushed impressively, trying to tell himself that Daniel couldn't know what he was thinking, but squirming uncomfortably anyway.

Just as he was regaining his poise, Daniel said: "Come on James, get your cute twink ass to the bar and let's have a proper drink to welcome you to town." Rebecca, the other person sat at the table and the puppet master in arranging this situation, vainly tried to stifle her uncontrollable giggles as James immediately blushed again, saying: "Daniel, you promised you'd be good and not embarrass my friend!"

Daniel leapt on this, immediately replying: "What? I'm not allowed to compliment your friend, Ry? You know you've looked at his ass too, I've seen you, we both agree it's hot, and you always say James is low on confidence, so why can't I tell him he has a cute, delicious, fuckable, twinkboy ass? You don't mind, do you James?"

"Umm, well no, I-I guess not." James said, trying not to blush again and shift the conversation on as he avoided Daniel's gaze, afraid otherwise he might drop to his knees right there at the pavement cafe and swallow Daniel's cock. "Right, kk, what drinks do we want?" James said, praying that he wouldn't get hard as he stood up, his pulse racing at the thought that Daniel found him attractive.

Rebecca, who was drop-dead gorgeous in every respect, looked over at James with her beautiful dark eyes, smiling the secret smile that told James she was enjoying this and knew he was too. She was fully aware of how easy James would be for Daniel to seduce, and of the effect hangovers had on him, and was already getting moist as she fantasised about what Daniel would do with James's cute, supple, willing body.

Later that day, James's pulse was racing faster than ever as Daniel's strong hands bent him over the arm of the sofa in Daniel's apartment, his hands confidently and quickly unbuckling James's belt and yanking down his jeans. 

James, already topless, was now wearing just those baby blue Calvins, the thin material stretched across his firm, tight ass cheeks, leaving very little to the imagination. James's mind was still reeling at the speed of what had happened, he could still taste Daniel's pre-cum on his lips as he felt Daniel's lips kissing down his spine, making James moan and arch his back in pleasure "Ohh fuckkk Daniel", he said, feeling one of Daniel's hands squeeze a pert buttock through his briefs as the other toyed with his rock-hard cock, which was trying desperately to escape the restrictive confines of his underwear. He felt Daniel's hot breath on his ear, his tongue tracing the lobe as Daniel whispered: "I had no idea you'd be quite this willing, you sweet UK twink boy. You liked my cock in your mouth, we both know that, and I'm very much going to like putting it in your curious ass." 

James could only moan with need as Daniel's hands slid to James's hips, his thumbs hooking into the waistband of the Calvins and pulling them down James's thighs, revealing his smooth, completely bare and supple ass cheeks to Daniel's lustful gaze. "Oh my" Daniel breathed, his hands kneading the firm globes of James's ass, "You really do have an ass that was made for cock, don't you, twinkboy?" James groaned once more as he felt Daniel's lubricated cock head run up and down his ass, then jumped as he felt a smack on his buttock and whimpered in delight at being spanked by this strong, confident, older guy. "Answer me, twinkboy. Was your ass made for cock? 

James shivered as lust coursed through him, his cock dripping precum and harder than ever before, as he found himself blushing and moaning "Yes Daniel, please. Please show me how much my twinkboy ass was made for cock." 

As James uttered the words, he moaned loudly as he felt the head of Daniel's big, thick and very hard cock slip into his virgin ass, causing momentary pain that was soon replaced by unbelievable pleasure. 

James had waited for this moment for so many years, a confident, dominant guy to use his ass like the curious little twinkboy he was, to fuck him hard and fast. He started to moan as he felt Daniel's thick cock sink deeper into his tight little ass, slowly at first, but gradually getting faster. The pleasure was overwhelming James, the sensation of being fucked simply too much as he felt every inch of Daniel's big, thick, very hard cock sink in and out of his no-longer virgin ass. 

The feel of Daniel's strong, masculine hands pressing into his hips, occasionally spanking his buttocks, caused James to lose control "Ohhh..unnhhh..Daniel..fuck..unnh..unhh..yess.yess..yesss.. fuck me..fuck...yes...unnnh" Words were spilling out of his mouth without him realising as this gorgeous cock slid in, then out, in, then out, pleasure increasing, over and over.

James imagined what he must look like now, totally naked, bent over the arm of a sofa in the apartment of a man he'd known half a day, his ass, previously untouched by anyone else except his girlfriend Georgie's tongue, being ploughed repeatedly and to his delight by this relative stranger's cock. 

James wondered what anyone would think if they walked in, his tight, if honest fairly slutty, briefs still around his smooth thighs, Daniel's powerful body thrusting back and forth, his balls slapping against James's tight ass in, out, in, out, metronomic, Daniel's grunts of pleasure louder, his palm spanking James's ass, just as he'd imagined it. "Oh... unnhhhh...pleassee" moaned James, trying to keep his balance leaning over the couch, worried about how loud his uncontrollable moaning was getting. 

His own cock was harder than it had ever been and he could feel the precum leaking all over his head. He was unable to stroke himself and bring some much-needed relief, however, as he needed both his hands to brace himself against the power of Daniel's thrusts. Even with both his hands braced, James still gradually found himself bending further and further over the sofa as Daniel, whose toned six-foot frame was far more powerful than James's, fucked him. 

As James's moans increased in volume and Daniel's pace slowed to more deliberate, deep strokes, a bolt of shock shot through James as he heard the outer door to the apartment open and shut. James panicked as he heard soft footsteps approach the second door, but Daniel was pinning him to the sofa, increasing the pace of his thrusts into James's tight ass once more.

James tried to get up, bracing his hands against the sofa cushions once more, thinking how embarrassed he'd be if anyone was to see him like this. However, his sex-scrambled brain failed to process that the more he pushed up, the further Daniel's cock sank between his cheeks.

The effect of this was to leave James delirious with pleasure, literally shuddering with delight as the regular slapping sounds of Daniel's balls and thighs against his buttocks got louder, mingling with his own guttural moans of pleasure as the door opened to reveal Rebecca stood in the doorway, her face registering no sign of shock at the graphic sight that met her eyes. She was stunning, wearing a short skirt that revealed her long, toned legs to mid-thigh, with white thigh-high stockings that came to an inch below the hem of her skirt.

A simple white blouse, a couple of buttons open to reveal a little of her white bra and perfect breasts, completed the ensemble, contrasting with her darker hair and eyes. The eyes that were locked with James's as the friction of his cock against the sofa, caused by Daniel's relentless pounding of his tight little ass, finally caused him to tip over the edge.

Moaning loudly, not controlling the words spilling from his lips, he came explosively, almost blacking out from the pleasure as thick ropes of cum burst from his cock head, over and over, as he couldn't tear his eyes away from Rebecca, whose eyes finally left his to watch his cock spurt the biggest load of cum she had ever seen on to the sofa cushions, all the while Daniel's cock still fucking him relentlessly. 

An adorable smile trembled across Ry's face as she watched the completely naked form of James shuddering with the power of his climax, finally collapsing down to slump in his own cum as Daniel pulled out of his ass and stroked his own rock hard cock, grunting as he began to cum himself, painting James's round, white ass cheeks with a heavy load of hot cum as James shuddered with pleasure, smiling shyly up at Ry as the realisation of what she had seen caused him to blush for what felt like the 500th time this hour.

*****

Rebecca was giggling to herself as she opened the outer door to Daniel's apartment, her pussy already getting wet as she wondered what would meet her eyes. 'I bet he's sucked Daniel's cock already' she thought to herself, remembering the hours of skype conversation with James about cock-sucking that had always ended with James's cries of pleasure filling her earphones as she told him how a guy would cum in his throat or on his face or ass.

Even though she knew James was a fair bit easier to seduce than she had let Daniel know, she wasn't quite prepared for the intensity of the moans that met her ears as she entered the apartment: 'Unnh, unnnnnnh, ohhh god, yessss..Daniel...oh fuck my ass..yess...harder...unnnhhh...' Ry had to stifle a moan herself at the slutty sounds, her nipples hardening at the prospect of what she was about to see as she opened the door to Daniel's lounge. 

The first thing she noticed was the musky smell of sex permeating the room, the second James's baby-blue Calvin Klein briefs lying discarded on the carpet. The rest of James's and Daniel's clothes quickly made an impression on her, carelessly littering the floor, and as one of the items was Daniel's briefs, she knew the sight that would meet her eyes as she lifted them, even without the moans.

Daniel was stood side on to her, completely naked, his muscular thighs moving back and forth and his shaved balls swinging to and fro, making a slapping sound every time they made contact with the top of James's equally bare thighs.

Sweat sheened the powerful body of Daniel, his biceps slightly tensed as his hands roved over James's ass and hips. He was grunting with pleasure, and Rebecca stood transfixed for a second, watching his thick, rock hard eight-inch cock disappear in and out of James's sweat-covered buttocks with apparent ease. 

Daniel gave her a swift nod of greeting but was too intent on fucking to give her much of his attention. As she watched, his palm smacked onto James's tight ass cheek, leaving for a second a red mark of fingers as James moaned sharply in response, Her eyes finally moved on, travelling over James's cute body, seeing it naked for the first time, bent over the arm of a sofa, his buttocks flexing each time Daniel's cock was buried balls deep in his tight hole. 

Travelling up James's stomach and chest, she could see the curve of his back and could only imagine the intensity of the two men's fucking to coat them both with sweat like that, hearing James's ragged breaths as his ridiculously hard cock pulsed in time with the other man's thrusts, his fingers clenching and unclenching with pure lust. 

As Rebecca met James's eyes, she saw his eyes widen in recognition and a wordless cry escape his lips. With a shock of delight she realised she'd arrived just in time to see him climax, his 'unnhhh..unnnh..unnnh' so familiar, his face contorted with lust as his cock exploded. She watched as his pulsing cock began unloading shot after shot of thick cum on to his own tightened stomach and the sofa cushion, Daniel's greater weight pushing him against his own exploding cock and the sofa, looking with a mixture of shame and sexual pleasure into Rebecca's dark eyes.

*****

Daniel had had complete confidence in his ability to fuck James, but even he'd been a little surprised by quite how easy and slutty this shy-seeming UK guy was. His accent had Daniel melting from the start, and he knew from Rebecca's hints that James was more than a little curious. However, James's willingness to submit to him sexually, the way he hadn't protested at all when Daniel shut the door to his apartment and told James to take off his shirt before pushing him to his knees, delighted Daniel.

He could see the nervousness in James's eyes as his hands fumbled with the buttons before pulling his shirt off, but James didn't protest at all when Daniel's hands went to his shoulders, pushing him to his knees in the middle of the living room. The unspoken message was obvious and James finally understood the meaning of the phrase 'You could cut the sexual tension with a knife'. He knew just how attracted he was to Daniel and how long he'd been waiting to try sliding his lips around another guy's cock. 

Daniel also, somehow, seemed to know James wasn't quite as unwilling as he might have seemed. Any doubts he may have had would soon have been laid to rest as James eagerly opened his mouth and engulfed the head of Daniel's hot, hard cock with his warm mouth

"Oh fuck yes" James thought, as his lips slid around the firm, soft yet hard, pulsating shaft of another guy's cock for the very first time. He could hear Daniel's low moan as he felt the older man's thick cock slide deeper between his lips, tasting precum for the first time on his tongue. James closed his eyes and savoured the experience, gliding his hands up Daniel's muscular thighs and feeling the firm globes of his buttocks as he gamely tried to take Daniel as deep as he could. 

After watching more than one adult film in his life, James was amazed at how big Daniel's cock felt in his mouth and how difficult it was proving to get even half of the thick cock in his mouth as he felt the head brush against the back of his throat, causing him to gag slightly and pull away.

He heard Daniel's low chuckle and looked up, feeling his cheeks redden with a blush as he sat back on his haunches and smiled nervously up at Daniel, saying 'Sorry, Daniel, I'm sure I'm not very good at, well, you know...' even now, kneeling topless before a completely naked man whose cock had just been pressing against his throat, James couldn't bring himself to say the words. Daniel chuckled again, saying: 'Well my cute little UK twink boy, I think all you need is practice at sucking cock. You do want to practise sucking my cock, don't you?'

James blushed deeper and stammered: 'Y-yes Daniel, god I really do want to.' Knowing how dominant Daniel was and how much he enjoyed the innocence of first-timers, James breathed a sigh of relief inside that Daniel hadn't made him spell it out, but couldn't stop his already rock-hard cock from pulsing with desire at the thought of Daniel ordering him to beg for his hard cock. 

As James leant forward to slide his lips over Daniel's cock once more, he felt Daniel's hand cup his cheek to stop him. Inches away from Daniel's shaft and desperate to continue, James looked up in surprise and disappointment only to see Daniel looking down with a smirk on his face. 'Now, now twinkboy,' he said, his eyes boring into James's 'I'm not so sure you really want to suck my big hard cock again. I think you should convince me.'

James's brow wrinkled as he looked up, thinking: 'he can see the tent I'm making in my jeans, how can he possibly not think I want this?'

Daniel's next words made it all clear, though. A shiver ran down James's spine as he heard the naked man towering over him say: 'I want you to say the words "Can I suck your cock?" James. I want you to convince me that you want my hard eight-inch cock to fuck your mouth and later your ass.'

James was unable to stop a moan of pure lust escaping his lips at these words, despite the fact his face was now glowing with embarrassment. Daniel, however, was not done, finding himself getting more and more turned on with making this cute, clearly cock-loving twink boy confess his true desires. 

James bit his lip, his eyes travelling up Daniel's naked thighs to his erect cock, over his taut stomach and pecs to his smirking face. He took a deep, shuddering breath, then started speaking the words he'd never said aloud, confessing the desires he'd tried so long to deny, saying: 'Oh g-godd Daniel, please. P-please let me worship your hard cock with my mouth, throat and tongue. Let me suck your cock and taste your cum, feel it on my bare skin, my ass, my face. I need your gorgeous cock inside me so badly, i want to feel your shaft split my pert buttocks as you fuck me hard.' 

Now James had started to speak, his lust was all-consuming and he knew that, finally, every single one of his late-night fantasies, discussed with Rebecca in the small hours when he should have been sleeping, were about to come true. And this was only the beginning.