 The hot water felt great running over my body. Both shower heads were set perfectly. The one in front struck my chest, while from behind the water hit high in my back and neck. Just standing there, naked, was very relaxing. I ran my hands through my hair than brought them down to my chest. Gently caressing my chest and nipples as the water ran over me caused my mind to wander. 

I was alone, but as my mind drifted I wanted someone else there with me. 

His hands were gently massaging my nipples, now growing hard. First one hand moved down across my stomach, the finger tips brushing my trimmed pubic hair. Soon the other had followed. One encased my balls while the other began to softly stroke my hardening cock. 

I broke my trance and reached for the body wash and sponge. The soapy sponge felt great as it moved across my body. Running it across the backs of my legs and lingering ever so long on my ass, it was wonderful.

As I stood, letting the hot water wash the soap from my body my phantom returned.

I could feel his cock pressing against my ass as his hands again softly caressed my chest. Again drifting down to take my cock full in his hands, slowly stroking its growing length, gently caressing the bulbous head, now soft and smooth from the soap and warm water. 

With the hot water striking me in the back and chest, I closed my eyes and envisioned him pressing into me from behind. 

His hard cock moved between my legs, its engorged head resting between my asshole and balls as I squeezed my butt cheeks together locking it in place. 

My cock was hard as I was seemingly rushing toward orgasm. Taking a deep breath, I turned the water off and reached for a towel.

I dried off, catching glimpses of my naked body in the bathroom mirror. The shower was relaxing, but my fantasy visions had made me hot. My cock was still semi-hard and wanting relief. After I finished drying off, I headed into the bedroom. 

Even though the window coverings were opened, I lay on the bed, my head resting on the pillow. Again I began to lightly touch my chest and nipples. And again I let my mind run free.

Turning my head to the right I envisioned a naked man, his hard cock positioned in front of my face. 

I brought my tongue to its pink head and licked the pre-cum. Licking my lips I got my first taste of him. I leaned my head closer and ran my warm tongue down the length of the hard shaft. I wanted it all in my mouth.

My hands moved down my body to my hardening cock. While my right hand gently stroked its length, reaching down to rub the perineum, my left reached into the storage space in the headboard of the bed.

I engulfed the hard cock, taking it all in my mouth. My lover moved his hand to my chest and began to stroke and lightly pinch my hard nipples. His hips thrust forward pushing his cock deeper into my mouth, as my tongue worked its shaft. I paid particular attention to the distended head; my tongue flicked at it and licked it with each deep thrust of his hips. 

His hand was now on my cock, gently stroking its hard length, rolling his fingers across its swollen head. The pre-cum from my linking member lubricated his hand as it quickened its pace. I reached between his legs and stoked his balls and ass. He continued to fuck my mouth.

My left hand found what it was looking for. I moved my head back to the pillow as I spread my legs open. 

I felt the tip of his cock press against my hot, wanting ass hole. His hands moving my legs farther apart and lifted them slightly, moving my ass up off the bed and closer to his hard cock. 

The lubricant felt good in and around my opened, waiting hole.

It was an interesting little device, a medium sized anal plug with a handle attached. I pushed the tip against the lubricant and into my asshole. Pushing against slight resistance it slowly moved deeper into me. With one hand working the anal probe and the other stroking my hard cock, I let my fantasy take over again.

His condom covered cock slid into my ass. I thrust my hips toward him, he pushed into me. As I relaxed he drove deep, beginning to slowly pump into my ass. His balls were slapping against my ass. Arching my back I tried to meet his thrusts. I knew he was going to cum soon. I wanted him to shot his load in my mouth. I wanted to taste his hot cum. He pulled out of my ass and quickly pulled the condom off. But it was too late.

My body stiffened as cum shot over my belly and chest. My hand continued to pump my cock dry. I relaxed my hand on the anal wand, letting it rest deep within me. Closing my eyes I laid still. I was going to need another shower.