 It's amazing to me how a brief off hand comment or fleeting thought can take hold of a person and grow into a full blown obsession. This happened for me and it had led me, an otherwise straight, married, father of two, to become obsessed with idea of sucking a beautiful cock and swallowing its cum. I phrase that obsession carefully, referring specifically to the cock and its cum, not to the man attached to that cock. It could be any man, tall or short, blonde or brunette, slim or husky, black or white, just so long as he has a nice looking cock. I just want to feel that beautiful flesh sliding between my lips and savor the feeling of it depositing its load on my tongue. 

So, how did I get here? It all started recently, just after my wife had finished giving me one hell of a great blowjob. With the remnants of my cum still on her lips, my wife gave a deep kiss, sharing the taste of my cum with me. When I responded eagerly, she offered me her fingers, with a few strands of cum that had escaped her mouth clinging to them, and told me to lick them clean, which I gladly did. 

This was not the first time I had tasted my own cum, nor even the first time my wife shared my cum with me post-blowjob. But something clicked this time for me, and as we shared a passionate few minutes kissing and holding each other tightly my cock remained hard and ready. We proceeded to make love with a passion like we had when we first started dating, before kids and jobs and responsibilities made our sex life more about routine and less about spontaneous lustful passion. Actually that's not true. We didn't make love. We fucked. Raw, dirty fucking. 

In the aftermath of our sex, my wife leaned over me, smiled and said, "So, that just happened." She looked at me with curiosity and asked, "What got into you tonight, Mister Two Times?" It had been awhile since I had gone twice in a row like that. So long awhile I couldn't have told you when the last time was. At least one kid ago. 

"I dunno. Something just me going tonight, I guess. The blowjob, the kissing, your hot sexy body...". That earned me an elbow in the ribs and a sarcastic snort. My wife is gorgeous, curvy and sexy, a true MILF, but she sees herself as a thicker than she used to be mom of two. I kept going, "Honey, you know I think you are the sexiest woman alive and I love, really really love, having sex with you."

"Yeah," she asked, "but tonight was different, wasn't it? It seemed like something came over you, something wild and raw."

I knew exactly what she meant, but I wasn't sure I could or should tell her what it was. Could, because I have trouble articulating into words exactly what it was. Should, because in reality I know in my mind exactly what it really was, but it was too embarrassing, too private to share with the person I had been married to and shared a bed with for over twelve years. How do I tell my wife that what got me so hot and horny was the taste of cum, and the fleeting thought that I wanted to be the one to give the blowjob and swallow the cum. 

***************

I guess I should back up even further. When I earlier said it "all started recently ", I may have lied just a little. The start actually goes back to my earliest years of puberty. For as long as I have been getting boners, I have always wondered what it would be like to suck a cock. Not obsessively wondered, more of a mild curiosity. I was not sexually attracted to guys, didn't want to be with guys sexually, had no interest in kissing guys, but the penis was interesting. In my mind, I was and I am heterosexual, attracted to all parts of the female and wanting only to date, have sex with and marry a female. But...the penis. I am fascinated by the penis.

Looking back, I remember sneaking peaks at my dad's Playboy magazines and falling in love with every centerfold girl. My mom also had Playgirl magazines. The men did nothing for me, but I always got hard looking at their dicks and imagining touching them. When I was old enough to understand sex, I would occasionally masturbate to mom's magazines and imagine sucking those dicks. 

I played sports all the way through college, and while showering with my teammates I was never attracted to the boys, but I did like seeing their cocks in all their shapes and sizes. Again, on some occasions, my masturbation fantasies included sucking some of those dicks. But, it was just the dick in my fantasy, never the man. 

As life progressed and marriage and kids came along, I have continued to have this one secret fantasy. My wife is my partner, my soulmate and my best friend. We have shared dozens of our dirtiest fantasies and role played them all. Cuckold, hotwife, group sex, swinging, public sex - we could and did discuss them all, and role playing them made our sex life fun and spicy. But, for some reason I could never tell her about my cock sucking fantasies. Maybe I was afraid she'd think I was turning gay - not that there's anything wrong with that (thank you Mr. Seinfeld). We have several gay friends, so I know she's no homophobe. So, why not share it with her? I just can't answer that. 

***************

Back to that night. As I mentioned, something clicked when she shared my cum with me. I still could not explain it to her, but I knew there was more to it than just a rekindled fantasy. It was an re-awakening of my long held fascination, and it would grow to a full blown obsession with me finally fulfilling my desire for sucking cock.

For the next few weeks I could not get the fantasy out of my head. I found myself looking at cocks when I checked out porn on Tumblr and Reddit. I browsed gay chat rooms for straight men wanting to experiment. When my wife would give me head I would try to concentrate on what I liked best in her technique so I could duplicate it if given the chance. I made it clear to her that I really liked when she shared my cum from her lips and fingers. I was so horny for dick, I started masturbating daily while imagining being on my knees with a big dick in my mouth. 

My wife isn't stupid. She noticed the increase in my sex drive. We had gone from once or twice a week to four to five times, with the occasional two time in a night action. She joked that I had secretly been popping Viagra. I think she was enjoying the increased activity, too, or at least she wasn't complaining. But, at some point she was going to put two and two times in a night together and get four. And, eventually, I made it easy for her.

My job occasionally allows me to take half days when I can come home and enjoy having the house to myself without a wife and kids around. On one such day I was enjoying my alone time sitting on the couch in my boxers and a t-shirt, watching ESPN and browsing Literotica on my IPad for stories about straight men sucking cock. I found a good story, and secure in the knowledge I had the house to myself, I pulled my boxers down and started to rub one out. The story was hot as fuck and I was so completely engrossed in it, along with the sound of the ESPN talking heads discussing the upcoming baseball season in the background, that I didn't hear my wife come home through the garage door. She knew I was home, so she also left work early, wanting to surprise me with an afternoon delight. 

So, there I was, rock hard and beating my meat like it owed me money while my wife quietly watched. I had been edging for awhile browsing the stories, so when I finally popped off I produced a pretty good load. I set my IPad aside and started to sample my cum from my fingers and then nearly jumped through the roof when my wife started clapping. My face was red, my heart was racing and I had cum all over myself. All I could manage to say was, "Uh, hi honey."

"That was so fucking hot!" My wife was clearly enjoying the moment and started peppering me with questions. "How often do you do that? Can I watch again? Do you always taste your cum when you masturbate? Can you get it up again, because seeing that I really want to fuck?" And then, finally, she asked, "What were you reading?"

I was so stunned I really could barely speak. I had a towel nearby (I was well prepared for my wank session) and reached for it to start cleaning up. Big mistake. I should have gone for the IPad. As I was wiping up my cum, my wife started reading the story. Her eyes got really big, and I blurted out, "I can explain!" 

She smirked at me. "Okay, explain."

Well, she had me there. All kinds of explanations, all except the truth, ran through my brain. As I tried to formulate my thoughts, she kept reading. I stammered, "Uh, well, let's see. Well, you know what I was doing, obviously. And, uh...". She stopped me short. 

"Babe, I want to go change and then read some more of this story." Now look, we have both enjoyed reading Literotica, even reading stories together, but I had never strayed to Gay Male with her. But there I was, pants down, cum covered and caught with a Gay Male story. I was stunned into inaction as I watched her head to our room while still reading the story. I finished cleaning up and watched ESPN not really comprehending the words they were saying while waiting for her to return. 

Several minutes or maybe an hour passed (I was too stunned to know for sure), and my wife came out of our room completely naked. "This story is so incredibly hot! Babe, I am going to need you to eat my pussy while I keep reading this." Still stunned, but happy she wasn't throwing things at me, I let her settle in on the couch then crawled between her legs and went to it. She was very wet and very horny. I don't want to brag, but I am pretty damn good at oral and can almost always make her cum. This time it took less than three minutes before she clenched her thighs around my head as she orgasmed.

"Oh, yeah, Babe, that was so incredibly good." She pulled me up and kissed me deeply, her tongue dancing around my mouth, tasting herself on my lips. 

"So, you said you could explain. Let's hear it. I want to hear all about how my hubby gets off reading about men sucking off other men." 

At that point I figured "what the hell", she isn't screaming or crying, she even seems excited by it, so I might as well tell the truth. For the next several minutes I told her everything. My youthful fantasies, looking at mom's magazines, checking out friends in the shower and my recent obsession. I told her all of it. While I was telling her everything my cock started getting hard again. Very hard.

She smiled, looked at my hard dick, took me by the hand, led me to our bedroom, stripped off my minimal amount of clothes, pushed me onto our bed, climbed on top of me and said, "I'm going to give you the fuck of your life on the one condition that you tell me one of your current fantasies of cock sucking until we both cum." And then she took my cock and placed it against her warm, wet pussy, looked me in the eye and waited. 

So I told her my favorite, the one that was a sure fire cum producer. It revolves around a business trip, a stranger in the bar and giving him a hotel room blowjob. She worked my cock deep into her and started riding my prick. Just as I described swallowing his load she picked up her pace and I exploded deep inside her. My orgasm touched off hers and she cried out in pleasure as she came on my cock. 

Next, she did something truly amazing. She crawled up my body until her cum filled pussy was over my mouth. It was clear what she wanted, and I wanted it, too. I grabbed her ass and pulled that soaking pussy down and started to eat my cum out of her. I kept going until she was clean, and then kept going until she had another orgasm. It was amazingly sexy.

As we lay next to each other in the afterglow of our lovemaking, she kissed me gently, tasting our combined juices on my lips. "Babe, that was fantastic. I love that you love eating your own cum. We are definitely doing that again!"

***************

That day started us down a new path. Over the next few weeks we continued to discuss and explore our fantasies, as well as to fuck like we were newlyweds again. The only difference was now there was a lot of cum play between us. Snowballs and creampies became the norm in our sex play. 

One night, after a particularly vigorous session she told me she thought it was time for me to live out my fantasy.

I sat up in bed, "You have to be kidding, right? There's no way I can do that for real. A) I have no idea how to set something like that up. Secondly) you know I love you too much to ever cheat on you."

The second point was actually something we had discussed many times. Among the many fantasies I had shared with her during our marriage, one of my favorites was the typical hotwife thing, along the lines of me watching her fuck and suck another man. She loved the fantasy, and we role played it with toys in place of lovers, but she would never do the real thing because it would be "cheating". 

She put her hand on my chest, looked me in the eye and told me, "Babe, this wouldn't be cheating." Seeing my look of doubt and confusion, she continued. "If I slept with another man, even with your permission, that is cheating. There's nothing another man can give me that you can't. Same if you slept with another woman. I know you think sex is sex, but what we are talking about here is totally different. If either of us had sex with someone else of the opposite sex there would always be that lingering doubt that it was better than what we have together. There would be the worry that we could end up with the other person."

"You clearly want to suck dick. I know I can't give you that. But, I also know you would never leave me for another man, no matter how much you may like sucking his dick once you get the chance. So, why not give it a try? Plus, thinking about you doing it gets me hot as fuck. Some guys like lesbian porn, some girls like gay male porn. I'm one of those girls."

I was silent for a long time as I digested what she was saying. The idea of her letting me try out my fantasy was appealing and exciting, but I wasn't convinced. "Honey, your logic makes sense, but I'm still not sure I buy it. Plus, it's not likely to ever happen."

She dropped her hand from my chest to my cock. It had started to grow thinking about having the chance to go through with my fantasy. 

As my wife stroked my growing erection, she whispered in my ear, "Just keep an open mind, and if the opportunity comes along, take it." 

***************

Life went on as usual. I kept an open mind, but no opportunities arose. Our sex life stay strong, we discussed and role played fantasies, Spring turned into Summer and her encouragement became a fond but distant memory. 

During the last week of a June I had to take a business trip to Southern California for an annual trade show. I would be traveling with my good friend and co-worker Sean. 

Sean and I had been close friends since we started at our company together, and we had both worked our way into management positions. We shared similar backgrounds, both of us having played sports in college (I was a soccer player at a big public college in the Northwest, he had played baseball at a private university in Northern California). We were both married to pretty girls we had met in college, both with kids (we had two, they had four) and we both stayed in shape by running and working out in the same gym. Our families were close, often dining together or having barbecues at each other's houses.

My bags were packed and waiting by the front door when Sean pulled up. As he took my bags to load in his car I gave my wife a hug and a kiss goodbye. She pulled me close, gave me a full tongue, open mouth kiss, then pressed her lips to my ear and in a sultry whisper told me, "Keep an open mind."

As she stepped back I gave her a puzzled look, and she winked and shooed me out the door. 

Sean punched my arm and joked, "I think if my wife kissed me like that I would never leave the house."

The drive to the show was about five hours, which we spent discussing our favorite baseball team (they sucked this year), our kids (all super stars in our eyes) and our plans for the three days we would be away. This was the fifth year we had gone to this particular conference together and we had a pretty good routine. We confirmed our plans, discussed which vendors we had to meet, which we could ignore and which had the hottest saleswomen that we had to visit. 

When we got to the hotel and checked in we were placed in rooms side by side with adjoining doors. We dumped our luggage and headed out to stock up. Our routine included keeping the room refrigerators stocked with beer and having plenty of snacks if we needed to bring customers or vendors back to make deals, so we headed to a local grocery and loaded up. Then, it was time to work.

The show started the first night with a hosted reception, followed by two days in the large convention center with booths, private conference rooms for demos and lots of complimentary swag. The second day was a long one, so we always booked our room through that night, so we could have some fun that evening and get some sleep before heading home. 

Everything went great at the show. Sean and I had planned well, and we accomplished everything we needed to do by mid-day of the second day. With time to kill, we spent the afternoon flirting with the cutest of the saleswomen before calling it a day. 

Our tradition was to go out the last night for a great steak dinner and then hit a strip club to blow whatever was left of our per diem. Back in my room I had a momentary hope that Sean would beg off this time. My wife had planted a seed and over two days it had grown into a flower of a thought of maybe hitting the hotel bar and finding an out of town salesman interested in a blow job. But that ended when he knocked on our adjoining door and shouted, "Ten minute warning, Bro, then it's steak and tit night!" Oh well, I thought, it wasn't going to happen anyway.

A quick shower, shave (gotta keep those cheeks smooth for the dancers) and some fresh clothes and we grabbed an Uber and headed out. 

The steak house we frequented was awesome as usual, great food and non-stop Moscow Mules. Then, full of steak and pretty drunk, we headed to the strip club, which was filled with gorgeous dancers, and we enjoyed more than our share of attention from them. In California, the topless clubs serve alcohol, the fully nude clubs are dry. Our philosophy had always been go nude or go home. As a result, there was no booze at the club, and the vodka started wearing off before midnight. Strippers are way more fun when one has a good buzz. So, before becoming completely sober we called up another Uber and headed back to the hotel.

We were both ready for a nightcap, and since we had run through our per diems, Sean suggested polishing off the beers in our rooms. We headed up, opened the adjoining doors and started drinking in my room. It wasn't long before we had a few beers in each and both had our buzz back.

Sean started to wonder out loud which of the strippers we saw gave the best head. "I know we had no chance with them," he complained, "but seeing all that great nudity had me horny as hell, and it has been a long time between good blowjobs for me."

The comment caught me off guard. "Come on, are you telling me that hottie of a wife of yours doesn't give you good head?"

"Sadly, no," he confessed. "Look, I love her more than anything, and she's a great mom, but she is really uptight about sex. Oral from her is a special occasion thing, like Christmas or birthdays, and about that frequent." We must have been drunker than I thought, because this was new ground for us. We never talked about our sex lives like this. "Thankfully, I have, from time to time, had a friend or two help me out in that regard."
