 Thanks to everyone for reading. Feel free to drop me a line with any comments.

* * * * *

Jean had been living with a fantasy for as long as he could remember. He had always wanted to be with a man, but rarely had acted on it. His experiences consisted of a few Internet hook-ups, most of them disappointing. Occasionally he would see a guy on the street that he would fantasize about having sex with, but for the most part his desires were dormant, and he tried not to think about them. From time to time he would drive by a porn shop and would be seized by the urge to get a tape. He'd go in, rent a gay video, watch it in a booth in the back, masturbate, and then go home feeling uncertain and trying to pretend that it was just a passing desire.

One day as he was reading the paper, he came across a story about a local park that the police were trying to clean up. It was reportedly a popular gay spot, and in the morning there were often used condoms strewn in the bushes and on the grass. Reading the story, Jean felt a twitch of desire. It was something he had often fantasized about: walking up to a man he'd never seen before and having sex with him. He noticed that the park was not far from his house. Putting the paper down, he began to picture what it must be like. The excitement, the danger, the fear adding to his horniness and making the activity that much more enticing.

Jean was driving home from a restaurant when, stopped at a red light, he realized that he was just blocks away from the park. He felt an overwhelming urge to go there and take a look around. His cock began to move in his pants, and absentmindedly his hand drifted downward to squeeze his growing erection. Looking over his shoulder he saw that the turn lane was empty, and making a quick acceleration through the intersection, he drove down the dark road that led to the park.

There were few streetlights on the narrow road. The darkness added to his excitement, and he could feel his cock now fat and straining against his briefs. His hands trembled as he pulled into the parking lot. There were a few cars scattered throughout the lot, parked outside of the dull patches of light cast by the tired looking light-poles. Before exiting his car, he took a look around, wary that a police cruiser on patrol would spot him and ask what he was doing there at such a late hour. Satisfied that no one was around, he quickly opened his door, locked it, and scampered into the grass away from the illuminated parking stalls.

Jean had never been to the park before, and was uncertain where to go. The grass was damp, and there was a slight chill in the air. The cold accentuated his lust. Though the rest of his body felt cold, he could feel his cock, warm and erect against his leg. His eyes had not yet adjusted to the dark, and he stumbled blindly forward.

After walking for a minute, he saw what looked like a bench. As he drew closer, his guess was confirmed, and he took a seat. Jean was shivering slightly now, and he began to regret his impetuousness. He had no idea where he was going, and he regretted not bringing a coat. Glancing around, he decided that he should just head back to his car and go home.

Just then, he saw a dark shape moving toward him from further inside the park. His eyes had by now adjusted to the blackness, and he could tell that it was a man. He looked to be about 40, and was wearing a long coat and what looked like sweat pants underneath it. Seeing him, the man stopped and looked around. He stared at Jean for a moment, as if trying to determine why he was there. Then he moved toward him, stopped a few feet away, and opened his coat. Jean's attention was drawn toward his crotch. It was obvious that he wasn't wearing any underwear, as beneath his sweats, Jean could see the outline of his hard dick. Certain now that he knew what Jean was looking for, the man stepped forward to stand between Jean's legs. He pulled his pants down and thrust his cock forward.

Jean's nervousness and horniness had returned. He licked his lips, which had grown dry, and stared at the man's cock. It was very thick and cut, about six inches long, with an enormous purple head. It was wet, as apparently the man had already been using it that night. As he stared, it began moving toward Jean, and without thinking, Jean grabbed it and began to run his hand up and down its shaft. The man responded by giving a low moan, and Jean watched as his cock head throbbed and swelled. The smell of cum wafted up toward him, and tentatively he moved his mouth next to it. Sticking out his tongue, he lapped at the head, and was rewarded with a spurt of pre-cum that shot out from the tip and coated Jean's tongue. Jean closed his eyes, and thrust the man's cock into his mouth.

The cold and his excitement made him aware of everything around him. He could feel his own cock growing harder. He could smell the night air and the grass, and the scent of the man's balls. But most of all, he could taste the salty heat of the man's rod. His excitement grew, and Jean began to bob his head back and forth rapidly, loving the spongy feel of the man's cock head hitting the back of his mouth. He rolled his tongue around it, teasing him, tasting him, licking around the base of his head and then pulling his mouth back and running his tongue up and down the length of his shaft. With his other hand he was squeezing the man's enormous balls, and sliding his fingers down his crotch toward his asshole. He lifted the man's cock up, exposing its underside, and began to lick his balls, tugging at his sagging sack, and sucking his hairy nuts into his mouth while his thumb caressed the mushroom head.

The man was thrusting his hips toward him now, breathing heavily and muttering, "Oh yeah, that's right, suck my fat cock you cocksucking whore, just like that." When Jean wrapped his mouth around his cock again, the man grabbed his head with both hands, and began pulling Jean's head toward him as he swung his hips in a fucking motion. Jean almost gagged as the enormous cock pushed into his throat. The man was fucking his mouth harder and harder, growling "you're my bitch." The man's cock was pushed so far into his mouth that Jean's nose was bumping against the man's chest. As he fucked him, the man's balls were slapping against Jean's chin. Jean was so turned on that with one of his hands he reached down inside his pants and began to jerk off in time to the man's fucking.

Suddenly the man moaned and whispered to him, "You're going to drink my cum, you whore." He pushed his cock as far into Jean's mouth as he could, and with a gasp he shot stream after stream of cum down his throat. Jean could feel the man's cock throb after each load, followed by the feeling of his hot jizz trickling down the back of his throat. He was right, Jean thought. I am a cocksucking whore. He reached out his hands and grabbed the man's ass, pulling his cock into his mouth as far as he could. He felt two more bursts of cum shoot into his mouth, and then the man sighed and let go of Jean's head. He slowly pulled his cock from Jean's mouth, until it fell out with a wet plop and swung gently between his legs.

"Be a good little slut and lick off your chin," the man said. Jean reached up and felt the cum that had been slathered all over his face. He had been so busy sucking the man's cock that he hadn't noticed. He swirled his tongue around his lips. "That's better," the man said. Jean still hadn't looked up at him. It was beginning to sink in that he had finally done what he had always wanted to do, and he had loved it. Now he wanted more.

The man laughed. "I can tell you want some more, don't you bitch. Well I'm played out for tonight. But if you wander a little ways into the park I guarantee you you'll find a stud that will use you all night." Jean nodded. The man laughed, and then turned and walked toward the parking lot. Jean sat for a moment on the bench, reliving the moment in his mind. But both the cold and his yearning for more pushed him up and into the park.

As he walked, he began to notice patches of bushes scattered around the area. Far ahead was what looked like a small forest. To his left was a group of picnic tables, and behind them some shrubs. Remembering that he had read about the picnic tables in the article, he strolled toward them. They were empty and there was no sign of anyone in the area. He glanced around for a minute, and was startled by the sound of rustling in the bushes. As he walked toward them, he could see what looked like a man lying on the ground. Jean pushed through the tangled branches, and after advancing a few feet, was suddenly knocked to the ground.

"What do we have here?" he heard a deep voice say. "Looks like we got us a stroller," another man replied. Jean tried to raise his head and look around, but a large hand reached down and pushed his face into the wet leaves and dirt. "We know why you're here, and we're going to give you what you're looking for. You're going to be our cock slut." Rough hands tugged at Jean's pants, while the large hand continued to press his face into the ground. Jean squirmed and tried to cry out. "You'd better be quiet," a warm breath whispered in his ear, "or we'll give your ass a second round."

Jean's pants were pulled down to his ankles, and a pressing weight sat on his legs, holding them to the ground. Jean was trembling, but at the same time he could feel his cock growing, pushing into the wet leaves beneath him. As terrified as he felt, he was filled with a growing lust. He had gone looking for a man to take his virgin ass, and it looked like he had found not one, but two.

While the one man sat on his legs, he felt the other move upwards, seizing his arms and pinning them to the ground. Jean tried to raise his head, and bumped it against the man's crotch. "Lie still bitch or you'll be taking a cock in your mouth too," the man said. A cold finger began to toy with his asshole, pushing inside it and rolling around. Suddenly Jean felt something warm, and realized that the man was licking his ass. The tongue licked below his balls and circled his asshole before plunging inside him. The man's tongue pushed inside his asshole and slowly fucked him. Jean's hips began to rock as the warmth of the man's tongue moved into Jean's balls and cock. He moaned, and the man stopped for a second. "Yeah, that's what you want, don't you?" Jean nodded, though he doubted that the man could see his head with it sandwiched between the ground and the other man's crotch.

Jean heard the man move, and he knew what was coming next. Something wet was poking at his ass and sliding between his ass cheeks. "Can you feel that? That's my fat cock," the man hissed. Jean felt a poking at his asshole, and then the man lunged, pushing his cock all the way into his ass. Jean moaned in pain, and the man responded by pulling out and plunging his cock all the way in again. "You're real tight," he groaned. The man's licking had lubricated him a little bit, but Jean's ass still felt like it was being penetrated by fire. Ignoring his moans, the man set up a steady thrusting, and began to fuck Jean with all his weight, slapping against his ass cheeks and pushing his cock as deep as he could.

At first, Jean was biting his lip and hoping that the man would cum quickly. But after a few minutes, he began to feel a warm pressure filling his ass. Without thinking, he moved in time with the man's thrusts, pushing back against him as he moved forward, savoring the feeling of the man's cock sliding against his fleshy opening. "Yeah, take my cock, bitch," the man moaned, and Jean lifted his hips off the ground. The man responded by spreading his legs, and slowing his motion, pausing as he fit the entire length of his cock in Jean's ass. As the man pulled out, Jean could feel the pulsing of his cock veins, and when he reached the end, the ridges of his cock head pulled at the opening of his ass. Jean could no longer stand the feeling of emptiness. He rocked his ass back, and was rewarded with a tunnel full of hot thick meat.

"This bitch wants my cum," the man said, and he once again began to fuck him hard. Overwhelmed and drowning in the pleasure of having a man fuck him, Jean surrendered entirely to the moment, moaning and stroking his own cock with one hand while his body shook with the weight of the man's thrusts. With a last low moan, the man shot his load into Jean's ass, straining to push his cock even further inside of him as his juice coated the walls of Jean's rectum. Then he collapsed, pushing Jean's bulging cock into the ground, where leaves and bits of grass stuck to its wetness.

"My turn," the other man said, and the two switched positions. Jean didn't even bother trying to get up. He still hadn't cum, and his ass was ready for another thick shaft. He didn't have to wait long before the other man entered him. He had a massive tool also, a bit longer and just as thick. Jean lay on the ground, shaking, feeling his new partner go to work. His asshole was now slick with cum, and the man's cock was sliding in and out like he was fucking Jean's pussy. Jean could hear him talking, saying "mmm" and "oh yeah." The man stopped for a moment, and said, "I'm going to fuck you like a woman." In the dark, Jean felt himself being pulled up and seated on the man's lap, though his back was still toward him. With one hand the man held his cock straight, and with the other pushed Jean down onto it. Jean felt the cock enter him, and now that his ass was fully exposed, the cock head pushed even further up into his ass than Jean thought it could go.

The feeling was indescribable. As the man bobbed his cock up and down, Jean began to slide himself along the wet pole, riding it like he'd been fucked many times before. "That's what I'm talking about," the man said. Jean ignored him. He had never felt anything like it. As he slid up and down the man's cock, something was unleashed inside of him. He fucked the man like he couldn't get him far enough inside of him. With his left hand he reached down to feel the cock entering his ass, and with his right Jean began again to beat his own meat. Completely lost to the world, Jean felt nothing but the cock inside of him and the cock in his hand. He heard a voice say, "I'm going to… " and then his ass was filled once again with streams of hot cum. At that moment, Jean squeezed his balls, sending himself over the edge. A thick stream of whiteness shot out of him, followed by another and another as his cock was seized with a tremendous orgasm.

Jean opened his eyes and looked down. He had cum all over the newspaper. Getting up from his chair, he walked into the bathroom, took off his clothes, and entered the shower. The hot water streamed down his body, washing the sweat and the cum from his chest. Jean stroked his cock, thinking of the long walk back from the bushes to his car, his cock covered with leaves and dirt and his ass full of the cum of two anonymous men. But most of all, he thought of the drive that he was going to make that night to a park he'd never visited before.