 I don't know what originally possessed me to post the ad, but after months of denying my secret desires it became a thought that filled my waking moments, and even my dreams. As I stood in the bathroom just out of the shower I felt the cool air hit my freshly shaved balls, and I looked into the mirror into my own eyes.

"You're going to go through with it Jeff." I said to myself. "There's no reason you shouldn't indulge yourself. Harold's coming over, and you're going to suck his cock."

I looked down at my now smooth balls, and cock. They had been hairy for so long that I forgot how the skin itself even looked. My cock looked huge without the obstruction, and my thoughts of my new internet friend finally coming over was making me grow hard with anticipation. I reached down, and ran my fingers over the now barren skin, and it felt amazing. The sensitivity was something I never expected, and as my penis grew rigid, the visual effect was wonderful. I looked two inches bigger!

I imagined Harold's lips pursed around it, the feeling of his breath on my pelvis, and the scratchy sensation of his mustache on my shaft. For the first time since my teens, and my first time with a girl I has performance anxiety. Would I be able to hold on and not blow my load right away? Would the excitement get to me? Would I even go through with it?

The last question was answered for me as my doorbell rang. My stomach lurched and tightened as my cock almost instantly jumped to granite-like attention. I slipped on my bathrobe and walked to the door, my pulse pounding in my ears. I peeked out of the curtain, and saw Harold standing outside, his hands in his pockets of his jeans and looking nervously around. He saw me through the curtain, and waved before pointing to the door. I quickly went to the door, and opened it cautiously. 

"Hey Jeff." He said with a big smile. "Can I come in? It's kinda cold out here."

"Sure. Sorry." I said as I stepped back and opened the door. I closed the door behind him, and steadied myself before I turned to look at him. "I'm kind of nervous Harold, hope you understand." And with that I turned to see him just a few inches away from me, a huge comforting smile on his face and his hands reaching for the belt on my robe. 

"Don't be nervous Jeff." He said as he pulled me close to him and undid the knot holding the belt on. "We've been talking about this for months. We both know what we want. Let's have fun." And in a sudden rush of cool air I was naked, and his hands were on my crotch, cupping my balls and fondling my growing cock. I looked into his eyes, and he leaned forward, and kissed me on the lips. For the first time ever I was kissing a man, and enjoying it. 

There was a power to it, an animalistic quality that I really enjoyed. He was kind, but not gentle. He pulled me close, and his hand went from my cock to my bare ass. He wrapped his other arm around me and I embraced him back. My cock was pressing into his crotch of his jeans, and I could feel him growing hard as well. When our tongues entwined I knew I would enjoy what was to come.

"Let's go to the bedroom." I said as I pecked him on the lips again. 

As we walked to the bedroom he stripped out of his clothes. His body was firm for a man in his early forties. He had a thick mat of chest hair, and a curly but neat hair style. His mustache was also trimmed, and like me he had shaved off all the hair on his cock and balls. 

His manhood was massive. Maybe anticipation made me perceive it as bigger, but wide at the rim. He had veins that protruded, and let me know he was as turned on as I was. 

When we reached the bedroom I knew in an instant I wanted to suck his cock. I turned, and kissed him again, our cocks rubbing against each other and for the first time I felt another man's aroused member. I pushed him back from the kiss, and knelt down in front of him. His penis looked monstrous up close. His head was wide, and a deep shade of red. His balls had a slightly sweaty smell that was charged with arousal. I closed my eyes, reached up, and grasped his shaft as I opened my mouth wide. 

In one motion I slid his head and part of his shaft into my mouth, and paused. I tasted his skin, felt his heat, and the throbbing of his cock. I felt my own arousal reach a new height as he moaned and ran his fingers through my hair. I ran my tongue all over his head, and let my saliva coat his shaft. My hand slid up and down as my mouth went wild on his knob. 

Harold moaned, and gasped as I sucked him deeper and deeper into my lustful mouth. I could feel his pulse in his rod and it was quickening. His shaft was slick with my saliva, and my hand slid freely up and down it's length just ahead of my hand. I felt Harold's fingers twitch in my hair, and his breathing pause. The vein under his shaft grew harder. And I knew he was about to blow. I kept his head in my mouth, and jerked him off fast and hard. He grabbed my head, and thrust his hips forward as I felt his balls jump and he shot his load into my mouth. 

I had tasted my own cum before, but for the first time I had the hot jizz of another man in my mouth. I savored the taste, and let it roll around my tongue. I tasted the saltiness, and the slick feeling of it coating my mouth. I let it slide around and when he was done cumming, I looked up at him and smiled as I swallowed It all. 

"Sure that was your first time Jeff?" Harold asked through deep breaths.

"Yeah. How was it?" I asked with a smirk.

"Fuckin' amazing." He said as he pulled me up and kissed me again. His tongue probed into my mouth and seemed to seek out the taste of his own cum. He broke the kiss, and pointed to the bed. "Sit down." He said, and I did .

Harold knelt in front of me on the floor and licked his lips. He grabbed my shaft in his hand, and lightly stroked it up and down a few times. He lowered his head to my crotch, and in one motion swallowed my cock whole. I let out a moan that came from a deep place in my body. It was guttural, and long, and put a primal word to how good Harold's mouth felt on my throbbing cock. He swallowed me deep into his throat, and just as I had imagined, his mustache grazed my pubic bone, and felt amazing. 

He knew how to make short work of me, and in a few minutes I felt my own orgasm welling up. He slid his mouth in long deep strokes the full length of my cock, and just at the moment when I was about to explode he shoved it once again deep into his throat. His tongue and mouth milked my manhood as I shot my load into his throat. He fondled my twitching balls and squeezed every drop from me he could get. I moaned a loud resounding moan of pure ecstasy as I emptied my nuts into his mouth. 

When I had finished he looked up at me, and into my eyes. "Are you OK Jeff?" he asked with honest concern. 

"Yeah Harold. I'm more than OK. That was amazing." I said as I pulled him on top of me. 

We embraced, and kissed. Harold spent the night with me. The next morning he had to leave for work but we agreed to have another date soon. I have to figure out what this all means, but I am proud I took control of my fantasies, and had this wonderful adventure.