 To the ones who like gay stories, please forgive me if I've botched this up. I'd like to know if I've missed the point for this kind of story, and I'll try not to feel hurt if you'll tell me where I've gone astray. Of course, if you like it, I know I won't be hurt if you'll tell me. Remember, for us unknowns, the voting does little but give us whiplash when we see the score go from awful, to stratospheric, then back to awful with no discernable logic. 

A single feedback, good, bad, or indifferent, is worth a hundred votes. 

Thanks, I hope you enjoy it.

Margo_x_x

It was beyond surreal. My mind couldn't believe what my eyes were seeing. 

My husband, the world's most homophobic man, was on his knees, sucking a dick. 

"Brad?" 

His eyes turned to me, but he didn't stop sucking the dick. 

"Is this your boyfriend?" she asked. 

She had her fingers resting lightly on the top of his head, coaxing him to go a little faster, and she gave me a friendly smile as her dick went in and out of my husband's mouth. 

"It's my husband," I said, blinking, wondering if I was seeing things. 

"Oh, I'm sorry, honey. The way he was coming on to me, I thought he was single. I guess I should stop, huh?"

"Ah, well…" 

My thoughts were a jumble. She was a strikingly attractive woman. Tall, lithe, well endowed with a sultry look. Everything about her screamed ultimate womanhood, except for that large cock in my husband's mouth. 

What had she said? He was coming on to her? That son-of-a-bitch!

"Your call, hon. I'd like to finish, but I'll stop if you want." 

"How are you making him do that?" I asked. 

"Oh, he's just a little faggot," she said, and gave me a warm smile.

She'd been friendly enough before, but she really seemed to open up now. She motioned me over, and in a soft giggle said; "I can make him do whatever I want. Would you like me to have him do something for you?"

Brad is an asshole. I've wanted to leave him for a long time, and that's before I knew he was screwing around on me. I could hear a whimper of impotent frustration from him as his head bobbed on her cock, and my expression must have been clear to the 'woman' who was fucking his face. 

Her arched eyebrow and warning look told me that she wouldn't pass on an order for him to cut his own dick off, so I tried to think of something else. 

"Can you make him do things and forget parts of it, like the fact that he was ordered to do them?" 

"I think so. Let me give it a try. I'll be done with this in no time." 

Her gentle looking hands slid around to the back of his head, and she pulled him onto her cock until he started gagging. A faraway look of ecstasy came over her face, and she humped him so hard that her dress fell down over his head. There was something nasty and exciting about him kneeling there, head up under her dress, arms hanging limply at his sides, and knowing what was going on under there. 

I couldn't help myself. I stepped over his legs, pressed myself up against the back of his head, and kissed her with his head trapped between us. 

Finished, she let Brad slip to the floor, and stroked a finger down my cheek. 

"Would you like to make love to me without my special powers?" she asked. 

"Yes, I think I would," I said, brushing the protrusion in her dress. 

She smiled, then turned her attention to Brad. 

"Stand up, Brad." 

He stood. 

"None of this happened. Go back to the party, get a large, empty glass, and come back here. You will believe whatever I say, and not see anything unusual about anything your wife or I do. Now go." 

"I must be coming down with something," Brad said as we made our way to the bar. 

"What's wrong," I asked, sweetly. 

"Throat's so sore, it feels like I've been punched. Just started," he said. 

"What'll it be, folks," the bartender said. 

"Long Island Iced tea," I said. 

"Just give me a big, empty glass," Brad said. 

The bartender raised an eyebrow, but did as he was asked. Brad paid him for two drinks, and added a tip. 

"Hello," she said, when we walked back into the room. "Hi, didn't know anyone was in here," Brad said. 

"You want me to fill that up for you, don't you?" she said. 

"My name's Brad, and this is my wife, Clair," he said, handing her his glass. 

She lifted her dress, stuck her dick in it, and filled it with pee. 

"Hi, Brad, Clair," she said, handing it back to him. 

He took a sip, and made a face. 

"It's a new drink, called fag pee. It's very good. You like it, don't you?"

"Yeah, this is great!" he said, taking another long pull. 

"Go lock the door and stand over there. We're going to be sitting here, talking, and you're watching a television on that wall. It's a very interesting movie, and you won't be able to take your eyes off it." 

We made slow, gentle, love. She had cum so recently, that there was no urgency in her lovemaking. For my part, I reveled in her every touch. I don't know if she was using her magic on me, but if she was, it was magical anyway. She got an erection at last, and I must confess that it thrilled me. I held her close as we fucked, and all the past years of frustration melted away. 

I was kissing her forehead as she rested beside me when she asked, "What did you have in mind for the piss drinker?"

I smiled. He didn't seem all that important, anymore. 

"He hates queers. He's been persecuting a young man that works for him, and making his life miserable."

"I can't say that I'm happy to hear that," she said, giving him a hard look. 

"I have to check with Danny, make sure that he really is gay, but if he is, I have a wonderful idea."

They both giggled as Clair reveled her diabolical scheme, and within three days, they had everything set up. They had to prove to Danny that they had the power they claimed, but once he was convinced, his attraction to Brad, and his personal fantasy, made their plan even better. 

The big night arrived, and at a warehouse out of town, the two 'girls' sat in a comfortable couch and waited for the drama to begin. 

"No use yelling, no one can hear you out here," Brad said. 

The gag in his mouth muffled Danny's realistic cries. He was tied hand and foot, and slung over Brad's shoulder as he came into the little bedroom they'd set up in a corner of the warehouse. 

Brad was very gentle putting him on the bed, and was careful taking the gag out. 

"What are you doing, Mr. Johnson?" Danny asked. 

"Brad. Call me Brad." 

"Let me go, Brad. Please, let me go." 

Brad sealed his mouth with a kiss, and got on top of him as he struggled. His hips moved sinuously as he held the younger man down, and it was plain to see how Danny's struggles excited the bigger man.

The kiss, delightful as it was, wasn't enough for Brad. He had to see the flesh of this Adonis, touch his secret places. He slid down, caressed the belt that was guarding heaven, and pressed his face to the bulge between his legs. 

"No, stop, don't do that," Danny said. 

He hadn't been struggling very hard up until now, probably afraid he'd make it too hard for Brad, but now he realized how strong Brad was, and could live out his fantasy with abandon. He was twisting and kicking with all his might, while Brad held him in place, nuzzling his crotch. 

"Let me see," Brad said, undoing Danny's belt, his voice hoarse with lust. 

The top button opened under Brad's fingers, and the zipper was pulled down with agonizing slowness. Danny fought him every inch of the way, and even tried to pull his rock-hard cock away from the mouth slowly closing over it. 

"You can't do this. It isn't right. Stop, please, stop." 

Brad stopped, but very slowly, and only to pull Danny's pants a little further down. The white, cotton briefs seemed to intrigue him, and he put Danny's raging cock back into them and nuzzled the bulge they made. He rubbed his hands on it, sliding them up under Danny's shirt, and it brought an involuntary sigh from Danny. 

"I love you," Brad said, trailing kisses down Danny's belly. 

He reached the waistband of the underpants, and eased them down, little by little, kissing every new inch of nether belly as it was revealed. Danny kept struggling, and protesting, but his hips moved outside of his control. 

Without warning, Brad suddenly stopped. He got up, as we all stared at him, and got undressed. 

"You're going to rape me," Danny said, as if it was a shock to him. "You can't rape me, I'm another man, and you could go to jail." 

Brad would remember that, along with everything he did to Danny. Only a few things would be forgotten. The way Danny waited while Brad retied a knot that came loose, the fact that his wife and a she-male were sitting on a couch less than three feet away, and the circumstances of how they'd gotten there. 

Pre-cum glistened at the tip of Brad's cock as he climbed back on the bed and rolled Danny to his stomach. White cotton stretched over the young man's ass, and Brad kneaded the flesh under them as he stroked his cock. Teasing himself, he slowly pealed the underpants down, revealing the smooth globes of his employee's ass a little at a time. 

Dimples formed in that perfect ass when Brad slid the tip of his finger into the hot cleft. The hard buns were squeezing, trying to keep out the searching finger, but it was looking for something delightful, and soon found it. 

"Oh no. Not there. Anything but that." Danny said, but Brad was rubbing oil up between his cheeks, and more on his cock. 

"What are you going to do? Tell me, what?" Danny said. 

"I'm going to fuck you," Brad sighed. "Long and slow, deep and hard. I'm going to put my cock inside you and fuck you 'till I come." 

Danny winked at the 'girls', then started crying out, "No, anything but that. Nooo!"

Danny put his heart into it, fighting wildly, madly twisting, and doing everything to escape the cock sliding in and out of his ass. He bucked, wormed his way up the bed, and even tried to turn over, but Brad kept him impaled, relentlessly probing his depths. 

Brad was up on the inside of his knees; legs wide, the only point of contact his dick inside Danny. Danny's ass moved wildly, trying to escape, and his cheeks jiggled every time Brad slammed into them. Brad was getting close, everyone could see it, it was in the very air. 

He settled down on Danny's back, wrapped his arms and legs around him, holding him tight, and started the final strokes that would bring him release. 

It was amazing that Danny had any strength left after struggling so hard for so long, but this was the part he'd dreamed of most of his life. To be raped by a big, strong man, who only wanted to have him, not hurt him. Brad was his perfect lover, and would be fulfilling his fantasies forever. 

"No," he cried, lifting them both off the bed. "Nooo." 

Mad with passion, Danny writhed like a human dynamo as Brad spilled his seed deep in his bowels. 

Dripping with sweat, a puddle of his own cum under his belly, Danny stayed in the warm cocoon of the lover who had taken him. Shuddering aftershocks came down through his body from above, answered by his own. 

He'd be getting a pay increase at work tomorrow, and Brad would start grooming him for a higher position. His future was assured, but that paled next to the important part. From now on, whenever he needed his fantasies fulfilled, three magic words whispered in Brad's ear would make them come true. How would it feel to have those lips around his cock and watch the horror in those eyes as he did the unthinkable? How delightful to tell his boss to drop his drawers and bend over any time he wanted to. 

His new position was nice, but it was a good thing it was assured. He'd be spending a lot of on-the-job time thinking, and it wouldn't be about company business. He could make Brad do anything he could imagine, and Danny had a vivid imagination.

"That was beautiful, Danny," Clair said. "Will you be by his side at the divorce hearing?" 

"If it's okay," he said. 

"I think you deserve more than Brad, but if you're happy…" 

"I've never been so happy in my life," he said as Brad licked him clean.