 Sorry for the long absence. As this was the most requested sequel, I made sure Ryan's adventure to be the first now that I have spare time to write again.

ALL Characters are over 18.

*****

I had to strip the sheets the following morning and found two slaves kneeling outside the bedroom door as I carried the damp, sticky bundle.

"Alpha Chef, we will take care of the washing. Master has asked that you shower and meet him in the central courtyard." The boi speaking was a chubby Hispanic kid with no accent at all. He might have been 18. His black hair had been buzzed off to less than a quarter of an inch, and his dark eyes showed he was still new and scared to death as he looked up at me.

"What's your name given in old life??" I asked handing him the bundle of linen. 

"Roberto, Alpha. I came here after I got your message" He looked up at me a second time. That was illegal.

"Do not look at me boi unless I invite you to." I cautioned. "What do the other house slaves call you, and how many house bois did Master get while I was away?" 

"This one," Roberto nodded toward the skinny older boi, at least 30 next to him. "And Christopher, who was named Beta in your stead. Oh and they call me "Gambler", and this ones old name was Ben, but because he talks too much we started calling him "Mouth". Gambler looked at the sheets in his arms. He could smell the sex in the cloth, I was certain.

"Mouth, you will show me where the central courtyard is, and Gambler you will get Master's bed remade, and bedroom spotless." I said as I grabbed Mouth's collar and brought him to his feet. I made my way to an upstairs bathroom with the helpful pointing of Mouth. 

For a slave that talked too much, Mouth nary said a single syllable. There had been some training done. He pointed to a door while dropping to hands and knees and I opened it. It was a large bathroom, 

I showered, did my enema and then lubed and replaced my plug to it's rightful spot. It was good to be home...wherever this home was. 

I followed Mouth down the stairs to the first floor. Here slaves were painting drywall, staining moldings and putting them up. In the first floor guest bathroom, I saw something that I didn't understand. 

"Mouth, do you know what that is?"I pointed to an elevated box. 

"That is where the toilet boi will live. Master is installing a non flushing urinal that will be funnel directly into the toilet slave." He shuddered.

"Toilet slave huh, what sin must a boi commit to end up in the box?" I asked.

"Unauthorized eating, or sex with a fellow slave." He pointed toward the front door of the unfinished house.

"Master is getting creative." I said quietly. He opened the front door. 

The first thing to hit me was the sunlight. I squinted against it, and the second thing to barrage my senses. The noise of power saws and hammering. The wind was cold to my naked skin even with the sunlight. The wood on the porch was yet untreated, but had been sanded. 

Mouth pointed to an empty spot among the houses and barns. I looked and saw many of the officers of the Company talking and smoking.

"You are excused Mouth, get back to your tasks." I said firmly. It was weird leading slaves myself. It would take time to get used to it. I had good teachers however.

The roads between the houses, barns and the square had not yet been paved, or even graveled. It was rutted paths, where the old vegetation had been replaced by loose soil. Even ponies pulling a cart kicked up fine dust. If it rained it would turn into a muddy quagmire.

I walked toward the square. Every slave that passed me addressed me like an enlisted man would an officer. 

"Good morning Alpha." A pony. "Morning boi."

"Good morning Alpha." One of the Senators bois. "Morning boi." On and on it went. It was only 50 yards to the square and I had to address nearly a dozen slaves. I heard John the cops hearty laugh, and doubled my pace.

"Hey Chef, welcome home." It was Gary he was riding a cart full of bricks pulled by a team of six ponies. I smiled and sneezed as the dust was getting thick. I waved and pointed to the square. He understood that I had been summoned. His nipples had been pierced and from his clit hung a large ring, clearly pieced above his urethra behind his clit head. It was a thick gauge, and was as big around as a wrist cuff. The ring made it impossible for him to fuck anyone or get sucked ever again. I wondered what crime he had committed.

I finally made it to the six Masters in the square. I found mine and knelt at his feet. 

"Well Ryan, what do you think?" Master asked.

"Master, I am glad I am an indoor slave. It is impressive Master." I shivered. It was about 55 degrees Fahrenheit. 

"We need for those that don't know who you are, to recognize your authority among the cunts and ponies. Would you prefer that you and the other Alphas have a different collar, or a piercing?" He asked. 

I thought of what I had just seen on Gary, which was clearly my Masters doing. 

"Collar Master, if the slave has the choice." I said in monotone.

"I told you, none of them want pierced tits. The Judge gave mine a gold collar, I think that works, and should be universal." Master said to the other men. 

"You are in love with your boi, and don't want him in pain" A Master I had never seen before said. 

I saw Master's fist clench.

"Fuck you Dale, I pierced my field Alpha so badly he can no longer have any clit enjoyment. That was your suggestion. That slave is fighting infection and is having issues pissing. You sir, are a true unsafe sadist. When you lose a slave to medical reasons because of your ignorance, I will see you voted off this property, and then we will have to keep you quiet ...permanently." Master lifted his fist.

John the cop, and president of the Company, grabbed my Master and held him back.

"Dan, you call yourself a Master. You don't know shit about running a household, let alone this farm." Dale mocked. 

"Dale, I think I hear your wife calling you. You better go before she gets pissed and spanks you!" Master sneered, then chuckled. I heard a female voice. Master wasn't bullshitting. 

"Dale! That garden boi came and then pissed all over the floor!!" The shrill voice exclaimed a second time. I looked in the direction. A woman in what could best be explained as "Amish" clothing, was standing in front of a half built house. Dale retreated. I was completely confused.

"I told you he was going to be trouble John. You are the President. Do something!" Master said.

"I can't, you all voted to accept his money. He gets to live here with his woman. How he treats his slaves is his business. Dan you didn't HAVE to take his advice on Gary. I mean really, you were a bit cruel too. The Alpha was only fucking a low level labor slave..." John reasoned.

"Yes but he was supposed to be in my room that night." Master cut in. "I have since come up with a better punishment for that crime."

"Yes we heard." The Senator chimed in. I felt so privileged to listen to this conversation. I was certain that they had all forgot that I was was there. They were talking about the human urinal, I was certain.

"So gentlemen, gold collars for the Alpha's or what?" John asked. 

"I'm for it. I move that we set down some laws for this farm so that there are no more issues." The Senator said.

"Agreed. Lets have a meeting tonight when Dale is finished with that woman." John said.

"Not sure why there is a woman here, this was supposed to be OUR paradise." My Master remarked. 

"We can discuss Dale's wives tonight, and why they are here." John the President said.

"Wives? Plural?" My Master's fist clenched again. The wind was picking up, and I was now shivering.

"We will discuss it tonight." John said. Master tapped my shoulder. I stood. 

"Get on the computer, get back to recruiting. After you serve lunch find me a jeweler or goldsmith in the Company records. Bring whatever you find to me. Understood?" 

"Yes Master."

"Off you go Ryan."

I bowed and ran back to the house. 

I was working at the computer for a few hours when Gambler entered the office.

"Alpha, it is noon." 

"Thank you houseboi, do you have any chores currently?" I asked as I got up from the computer.

"No Alpha."

"Okay Gambler, I want you to finish this letter and send it. If Master finds you here, tell him I instructed you to do it." I said as I showed him the form letter that he was to type.

"Remember to include his interests like I did with you, in your letter."

"Yes Alpha, I remember our correspondence." Gambler said. I glanced at his cunt. His plug was not visible. His ass was as full and as round as mine. Smooth and brown skinned. I felt my clit twitch. My mouth watered. I broke my gaze and headed toward what was a functioning kitchen.

As I made a meal for Master and then us four slaves, I felt Mouth tap me.

"What is it?" I said annoyed. I just wanted to finish cooking as I was hungry.

"Master said you are to cook for the 6 ponies working on the house as well." Mouth informed me. I rolled my eyes.

"Dammit. Fine. Let Him know I am on it." I opened the refrigerator to get more ingredients to double the meal.

"Yes Alpha."

I watched Mouth walk away and wondered why he was a houseboi. He had much less of an ass then Gambler, Christopher, or I. He was taller than all of us. Not very attractive either. It hit me. I had not seen Christopher since I had gotten back.

"Mouth stop!" Mouth turned on his heel and stood at attention. 

"Alpha?"

"Where is Christopher?"

It had taken Christopher two hours to sneak off the property. He put the clothing on he had stolen from Dan's dresser and closet. They were way too big. He would have to remain barefoot as his size 9 feet were not going to work in size 13 shoes. It was close to noon, and he was thankful he had grabbed warmer clothing. Before he dressed he pulled his plug out and left it on the ground.

From the hill he just climbed he could see the entire farm below him. What he was looking for was a real road. Nothing but prairie in all directions. The only path visible was the dirt road created by the trucks from the farm. They would be looking for him there. 

If he could find a river, he could follow downstream to civilization. He looked for the lowest laying land opposite the farm and ran down the high grass covered hill. His feet were cold even with two pairs of socks on. The thorns from thistles penetrated the socks as he ran. If he could make it to a town or city, he could free the rest that had been tricked into joining the farm. 

Christopher ran for almost three hours before his feet began to bleed badly. He had to stop and pull the thorns out. He tried to clean the tiny wounds with the clean side of the socks. He opened the water bottle he stole and drank from it slowly. He poured some water on his feet and then cleaned the wounds better before replacing the socks. Though he figured he was now a mile away from the farm, panic still ran through his veins. 

He tied the ends of the over sized pants and used the jean material as added protection over his feet. After retying the khaki colored cloth belt that kept the pants on his waist, he stood, capped the bottle of water and decided to walk carefully, spreading the grasses and looking for thistles as he walked.

My Master wasn't angry. He seemed to be curious. He'd never had a broken slave try to escape before. I had just finished compiling the results of my hunt for jewelers or goldsmiths when Mouth reported to me that Christopher was not on the property. 

I handed Master my findings and informed him about Christopher.

"Mouth searched the entire farm?" Master asked.

"Yes Master, according to Mouth, the boi is not on the property. Gary and his crew were also asked to help in the search on my recommendation." I answered.

"How bizarre." He said in a faint voice. He seemed to be lost in thought at his desk. I waited a couple minutes in front of him. My knees told me how long I had been there. 

"Master?" I brought him back from his thoughts.

"Yes, right, have Gary's crew follow the road out, and come with me to the Presidents house." he said as he stood. 

"Yes Master." I got to my feet and ran through the house and out of the front door. I ran to Gary's barn. His crew should be eating dinner about now. The air was a bit warmer then earlier, but not by much. The soft dust under the balls of my feet and my toes made it hard to run at full speed. When I got to the barn I was actually winded.

"GARY!! GARY!" I yelled as I walked into the 10 stalled barn. Hay was all over the floor. That didn't cover the smell of piss that was already heavy.

"Chef?" His head popped up from the three foot wall of the first stall.

"Alpha, Gary, and yes it is me." I noticed his nipples were bandaged. As I walked toward him I saw that the ring through his clit had been removed and was replaced by bandages. 

"Sorry Alpha, just happy to talk to you." His face held a smile. He looked good with the weight loss. 

"Master wants your team to search the road out of the farm for Christopher. I would have your two fastest runners go straight down the road, and have the other 8 search on the sides of the road." I told him.

"Supper is over bois. We have a mission!!" Gary barked, then smiled at me. The ponies assembled quickly and Gary led them out of the barn. His ponies were large men. Aged 25 to 40. All wore wide black plugs, and heavy banded steel collars that glinted in the sunlight. A couple had large clits.

My clit twitched again. I felt my cunt clench against my plug. I needed to be fucked. I walked to the Presidents house. His house was completely finished. I could hear yelling inside from the porch. The houseboi that answered the door was one I had seen before. He was beautiful. I didn't know his name, but I wanted to. 

I followed him through the house staring at the glass plug he wore. When he turned and pointed at the closed door where the yelling was coming from, I saw his tiny clit. I wanted him badly. I wanted to fuck him, fill him with my clit juice. I wanted to taste his piss, then eat my juice out of his amazing looking cunt.

I opened the door. My clit shriveled.

"YOU made it OUR problem Daniel!" John was yelling but not at my Master. He was just angry. "Good your best pet is here. Chef, go to my barn, send my ponies east, then go to the Senator's barn and send his ponies west. Are you following me slave?"

"Yes Master President."

"Good then go to Dale's barn and send his ponies north. Get a proper horse from that barn and ride between the four teams. Your ponies already have covered the south...and boi, if you don't find the escaped slave, I hope you are nice to that horse, cause you will be IT'S slave. Understood?"

"Yes Master President." I said. Oh gawd. I wasn't THAT horny. I rasn out of the room and out of the house after my Master nodded at me. We had maybe 5 hours of daylight left. I made my way from barn to barn. 

Sir Dale was not happy when I set his ponies free.

"Talk to the President Sir!" I yelled as I rode off on the horse toward Gary's crew.

Christopher was sitting again. The jeans were doing the job, but his feet were in terrible pain. He sat in a patch of high grass. He figured he had made two miles, but the sun was setting. He began to wonder how he was going to stay warm once the sun set. He picked some dandelions and ate the stems. He was drifting off to sleep when he heard footsteps. Then felt hands grab him.

The next thing he felt was a fist in the face. 

When he woke he was tied up and on the back of a horse. He was laying on his stomach, and couldn't move. His eyes were blindfolded, but he could tell it was night.

"Get him down." It was the Presidents voice.

When I returned with Christopher, there was a bit of cheering and revelry. I was send back out to retrieve the crews that were still searching. A couple hours later I was back at the farm. I was instructed to return Sir Dale's horse and go to the meeting house. 

I was a bit scared. I had cum 3 times while on horseback. My plug was pounding into me every time the horse made contact with the ground. That horse's saddle, back, and my legs were covered in my clit juice. 

I opened the door to the finished meeting house next to the square. All of the Masters were there, as were a couple Alphas. Two of Dale's wives were there. They wore hoods over their heads, and long dresses that made it so they showed no features of their bodies...other then the fact that they were very pregnant. 

The tables were set in a horseshoe shape. At the middle table was President John. His Alpha sat on the floor below him. Next to President John was my Master, and on the other side was the Senator. His Alpha sat on the floor between his legs as well. To the Senators right was the other table. Here sat Sir Dale and his two cloaked women, and another Master whom I didn't know. 

To my Master's left on the last table was the Master from Texas I had met, and another Master I had never met. I went into the inside of the horseshoe shape and sat at my Masters feet. Where the other Alpha's where. When no one was looking I shook hands with the other Alphas. 

"This is the third meeting of the Company farm. It is my recommendation that records are kept. I nominate "Scribbler", Alpha to the Senator to be the Companies secretary of these meetings." The President said. I watched as Scribbler got out from under the table and stood in the middle of the floor.

"I second the motion". Said one of the Masters I didn't know.

"Lester has seconded the motion, all those in favor?" The President asked.

"Aye!" All the Masters said. Someone, a slave I had not noticed, handed Scribbler, or Kevin, a laptop. Kevin opened a program and began to type. Kevin's cunt was facing me. He wore a glass plug. I was beginning to wonder why I didn't have one. All the Senators bois seemed to.

I looked at Sir Lester. He had no Alpha with him. He was a scruffy looking man, but his shoes said he had a lot of money. 

"Second order of business! So that we do not have to police the grounds ourselves, we should nominate a strong, loyal pony to do it, and to pick his police force. Any suggestions?" The President paused to wait for an answer. None came.

"Come on now, one of you has to have an Alpha capable of this. What about Chef, Dan?"

"No. Ryan is more detective then enforcer, plus I need him in house. He is our top recruiter." My Master said. I smiled. I picked at the dried cum on my legs and sucked it. 

"Anyone have a nominee?" The President asked. I knew of one. I looked at Master Tex. He didn't seem to want to give it up.

"Do any of the Alpha's have a suggestion?" I knew that Master Tex might beat me for this later but I tapped the Presidents leg.

"Chef?" The President asked.

"Master Tex owns Trigger. He is a imposing pony that would be good at the job, and respects Alphas and all Masters." I said. I looked at Master Tex and saw his legs getting fidgety. His hands said he was not happy. I didn't dare look at his face.

"Master Jeff...er Tex, do you have any problem with Dan's property calling your boi an 'Imposing pony that would be good at the job."?

"Mr President, I do not want my boi to be that busy. It will keep him from my team of ponies. However, the housecunt is right. Trigger would be very good at the job." Tex said with a bit of annoyance. I could feel his eyes burning through me as the vote was taken. I may have made an enemy. I touched my Master's leg and squeezed, letting him know I was scared.

"All in favor of Trigger being the head of the slave police force?" The President asked.

"Aye" Came 6 voices.

"Chef, what color collar should the police force wear?" The President asked me from above the table. I thought quickly.
