 Kevin was miserable as he stood in the damp, cold drizzle and held out his thumb. Not many vehicles went by, and those that did pretended not to see him. He was about to give up hope of getting anywhere when a beat up pick up truck slowed down.

'Thank you.' Kevin gushed to the driver.

'Where are you headed?' the friendly face asked.

'Anywhere to get out of the wet.' Kevin replied.

'Well, you might as well come back to my farm' the man said. 'You look like you could do with some warmth.'

'That's for sure.' Kevin said. 'It's very kind of you.'

'The name's Geoff.' the older man said as he thrust out a hairy paw.

'Kevin.' the young twink replied as he hopped into the cab, grateful to be out of the cold and wet of South Island New Zealand on a miserable day.

'So, what are you doing out here, all alone?' Geoff asked.

'Travelling.' Kevin replied. 'I'm taking a year off before going to university.'

'Sounds interesting. But where were you planning to get to tonight?'

'Nowhere in particular. I just go anywhere I can get to.' Kevin replied.

'Sounds interesting.' Geoff said. 'Only problem is it's pretty isolated around these parts; we don't get many tourists around here. There aren't that many places to stay so you're welcome to stay on the farm overnight if you like.'

'That's very kind of you.' Kevin said, not for the first time.

When they got to Geoff house Kevin expected to be introduced to Geoff's wife and family, but there didn't seem to be any. Instead Geoff gave Kevin a towel and a bathrobe and told him to go take a shower to warm up. The warm water quickly got him feeling human again and the young stud's thoughts turned to sex. His cock was hard as he soaped it up. He debated whether to have a wank but decided against it. 

When he got out of the shower he found that Geoff had made a fire and brewed a big pot of tea. He also poured him a small shot of neat brandy. Kevin shuddered as he glugged back the dark liquid. He wasn't really keen on booze, but it soon gave him a wonderful warm glow. He took a good look at Geoff, as he lay Kevin's clothes out to dry in front of the fire, and began to wonder if possibly they might have something in common. At eighteen Kevin had only had sex two times before, but he thought about it constantly. His first time had been with a guy his own age, the second time with a girl. What would it be like to go with a full grown, hairy guy like Geoff he wondered.

As they chatted Kevin was more and more aware of his desire for this handsome, hairy farmer stud and felt he ought to get out of the robe and into his clothes. On the other hand he enjoyed the way Geoff's gaze fell upon him from time to time, almost undressing the younger man with his eyes. If only he knew that for sure, he could do something about it. But what if he had got it wrong, if Geoff was simply being friendly. When Geoff went into the kitchen to put some food in the oven Kevin racked his brains trying to think of a way to seduce the older man. But in his experience he didn't know how.

'I'd better go put my clothes on.' he said to Geoff, when he came back into the room.

'Why?' Geoff said 'If you're warm enough why not let your clothes dry out completely.'

'But I'm almost naked. It's not polite.' Kevin said, as he blushed.

'So I'll get naked too.' Geoff said.

Kevin's heart thumped in his chest, his mouth went dry with excitement. He wouldn't, would he.... But he would indeed.

Geoff stripped off in next to no time, revealing a hairy chest and belly. A big floppy uncut cock jutted past a pair of goose egg sized nuts, and out of an enormous black bush. His legs were well muscled and covered in fur too. It was more than Kevin could bear. He got to his feet, meaning to flee the room, but as he did so his robe feel open revealing his very hard cock.

Geoff gasped. He took in the fresh, six inch long cock jutting out of a delicate little blonde bush and pointing up at the ceiling. Kevin's cock was very pale but the head was very red and shiny.

'You're fucking beautiful.' Geoff gasped.

Kevin blushed and stood rooted to the spot. This was exactly what he wanted to hear.

'So are you.' he told Geoff.

Geoff walked up to Kevin and slipped the robe off his shoulder. It fell to the floor along with all of Kevin's uncertainty. He crushed his slender, pale, smooth body up against the older man's tanned, hairy, beefy frame and the pair shared their first kiss. It was electrifying. Kevin could hardly breathe, he was that excited. He slid down on to his knees and pressed his face into Geoff's hairy crotch and inhaled the scent of a man. It was like sniffing the stuff of lust itself. He opened his mouth and took that fat cock into his mouth but almost immediately Geoff stopped him and pulled him to his feet.

'Did I do something wrong?' Kevin asked.

'No.' Geoff lied. 'I just want to look at you.'

The young stud had been all teeth, but he had plenty of time to learn.

Geoff looked closely at his gorgeous new friend. Kevin had long, long eyelashes and a delicate bone structure that made him look almost feminine, just the way Geoff like his men. His ash blonde hair had been bleached almost white by sea and sun. His lips were full and shapely, his wrists and ankles slender. Everything about him turned Geoff on and he wanted to prove it.

Geoff got down on his knees and took the strawberry cock into his mouth and began to give Kevin the best blowjob he knew how. Holy shit! the young stud yelped as his jism blasted out of his cock less than two minutes later.

'Shit, I'm sorry.' Kevin whimpered. 'I didn't mean to cum so soon.'

'Don't worry about it.' Geoff replied. 'Let's go have something to eat.'

Geoff opened a bottle of wine and fussed over his young lover as they ate. He listened with interest as Kevin told him about all the places he had been and things he had seen. And in return Kevin wanted to know all about this sexy farmer that good fortune had brought his way. By the time the meal was over Kevin was tipsy and horny and wanted more of the Kiwi stud. This time he knew how to ask for it.

'Could you fuck me?' he asked Geoff as they kissed and cuddled on the sofa.

'Have you ever been fucked before?' Geoff asked.

'No. 'Kevin replied. 'I've only had sex twice before.'

'Well in that case, perhaps you should fuck me.' Geoff said.

Kevin's cock lurched in Geoff's hand. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. Was he really going to fuck that full meaty bum? Geoff's arse was pale in comparison to the rest of him and it was covered in soft fur. It just looked so deliciously rude and masculine and Kevin couldn't wait a moment longer.

'What do I have to do?' he asked.

'Wait there, I'll do it all.' Geoff said.

He went into the bedroom and came back a few minutes later, carrying a sheepskin rug. He lay the rug down in front of the fire and knelt down.

'Come give it me.' he told Kevin.

Kevin's skin was covered in goose bumps despite the fire. He was about to fuck a man. He got behind Geoff and pushed his hard cock up the older man's chute. With one quick lunge he was buried to the hilt. Geoff gritted his teeth to stifle a groan of pain. The young stud started fucking like crazy, stabbing ever deeper into Geoff's ass. Geoff knew that this was one fuck he would have to give away for free; there would be nothing in it for him, except enjoying his partner's excitement. For Kevin it was the fuck of his dreams; he was turned on by the older stud and now his cock was buried in Geoff's ass and he was close to getting his rocks off.

It happened all too soon. Kevin squealed like an outraged pig as his balls blasted off. He collapsed on top of Geoff's strong back and lay panting for a while. It was five minutes before he though about Geoff's pleasure.

He told the farmer to turn over and started to stroke his hairy chest. It was unlike anything Kevin had ever experienced in his young life and he loved it. Geoff's large nipples jutted skyward, demanding some attention and with a little coaching from the older man Kevin was able to do what was needed. Geoff's cock was rock hard now and Kevin started to wank it slowly, using both hands, and enjoying the heft of it.

In no time at all his own cock was hard again. He lay his cock alongside Geoff's and wrapped two hands around them. It felt to Kevin like he had one humungous cock in his hand and it was just the best feeling in the world. He worked their cocks slowly and after a while he couldn't tell which was his and which was Geoff's cock. All he felt was pleasure and when he heard Geoff's breathing change he knew what it meant. He could almost feel Geoff's orgasm in his own body as it built, taking him closer and closer.

Kevin looked down at his handsome partner who had his eyes closed. He was really close. Kevin increased the pace of his stroking and Geoff's eyelids screwed up and he grunted as a thick rope of clotted cream shot out of his cock and onto his belly. It was just the sexiest thing in the world, seeing and smelling that hot jizz exploding like that. Kevin's body was suddenly convulsed by yet another orgasm as he too blasted out his fuck sauce onto Geoff's stomach.

He lay down on Geoff and began to slither around, spreading their cream between them and cementing them together briefly.

'I wish you didn't have to go away.' Geoff said.

'I don't have to, if you don't want me to.' Kevin cooed.

He knew that the only university that he would be attending was the one that taught practical farming skills, and how to keep a hairy, hung farmer happy in bed.