 The next morning, I woke up around two in the afternoon. I was still a bit buzzed from the Fasching party the previous evening. I tried to replay the events of last night and remembered sucking cock in the men's restroom, returning to my table with my lovers, Helmut and Johann, drinking a lot more and... not much else. I did not remember leaving the party or getting back to Helmut and Johann's apartment. But here I was alone in the bedroom and I finally sat up and felt the hangover wave. I was nearly naked, save for the stockings and garter belt from my maid uniform, the rest of my costume was laid neatly on a chair, the five inch slut heels on the floor. I started to stretch my neck when I heard faint laughter coming from the front room. I listened intently and realized Helmut and Johann had guests over, my naughty mind went to work.

I dressed up as a maid again, reapplied my slut red lip stick, placed the expensive blonde wig on my head and then fastened the bonnet. As I donned my lace gloves, I already knew what I was going to do, take a deep breath and then opened the bedroom door and exited. The hallway to the front room was empty and the murmurs of conversation were more audible now. I sauntered towards the front room and paused. I was still feeling the effects of last night's alcohol, but breathed deeply and made my grand entrance.

There were a total of four gentlemen in the room, one of my lovers, Helmut and three guests. I spotted Helmut and sauntered toward him. The look he gave me was classic as if to say, "What in the fuck are you doing?" the rest of the room went abruptly silent.

"Guten Morgen mein Herr," I greeted Helmut with a good morning sir. 

Helmut quickly caught on and replied in his gruff German voice, "Es ist keine Morgen, Schlampe!" Helmut barked out that it was not morning, and pointing out that I am a slut, humiliating me in front of his guests. My knees buckled ever so slightly.

"Entschuldigen Sie mein herr," I apologized in a weak voice and then, "Darf ich dir noch ein bier holen?" I asked reaching for his empty bottle of beer.

Helmut continued with his berating of me and asked if I was blind and did not see his guests in the room. I profusely apologized and turned to my left where there were two gents sitting on the sofa. The first gent smiled and waved me off and the second gentleman just silently shook his head. Finally, I looked at the third guest, who was sitting on the opposite side of the sofa, in a single seat.

Our eyes met and I could not help but feel an instant attraction to him. I gulped hard and asked weakly if he needed anything and that I was at his service. He just stared hard at me with his steel blue eyes, I looked down at the floor in submission. He cleared his throat and I looked up to see him holding his empty bottle in the air.

I reached for the bottle when he pulled it back and said he wanted a fresh glass as well. I placed my right foot behind my left heel and did a slight curtsy, reached for the bottle and replied, "Sehr gut mein Herr." I grabbed the empty bottle and glass and turned toward the kitchen to fetch Helmut and his guest another beer.

Once in the kitchen, I started to tremble, but not from the previous night's alcohol, but from sheer excitement. Helmut is not one to play along with a charade, but he knew very well what kind of a slut and whore I am, and he was going to treat me as such. I was being treated like a lowly house maid, and was fully prepared to serve him as well as his guests.

I placed the two freshly opened beers and another glass on a serving tray and walked back in the front room. The conversation was flowing as if I was not there, but the guests knew I was and stole glances at me when they thought I was not looking. Helmut ordered me to serve his guest, Manfred, first. I obeyed and walked over to where Manfred was sitting, set his glass down and poured beer in to it. I asked him if there was anything else I could do for him, he nodded his head, but verbally said no and turned his attention back to the conversation at hand. I walked toward Helmut. I bent over lewdly pointing my ass towards Manfred as I poured beer into Helmut's glass.

Walter, the first gent who just smiled and waved me off, was in his mid to late fifties, but one could not tell by his brown hair that did not have a one gray hair in it. A medium build with a slight paunch that was accentuated by the way he slouched on the sofa. What appealed to me about him was his handle bar moustache and what it would feel like to kiss him.

Friedrich, the silent gentleman to Walter's right, was a lot older, maybe in his mid sixties, but rail thin like the gray hair atop his head. He had gentle eyes and seemed a bit reserved, and I would catch him shooting darting glances my way, as if to ask, was I really a woman or a very good looking man dressed as a slut maid. Friedrich's question was about to be answered by Manfred, just as I finished pouring Helmut's beer.

"Also Helmut, was kann deine Magd außer Bier einschenken und mir seinen Arsch zeigen?"

Oh shit! Manfred just asked Helmut what else I, his maid, could do besides pour beer and show Manfred my ass. In German, most words are gender specific, and Manfred used the male pronoun to define my ass. I quickly glanced over at Friedrich to see his reaction, his jaw dropped a bit, looked at me and I winked and blew a small kiss at him. He blushed. Walter seemed amused.

"Lass mich dir zeigen," Helmut gleefully answered that he was going to show his guests what else I could do.

Helmut ordered me to turn around. I did as I was told and stood facing the three guests, but did not make eye contact with any of them, instead, I looked submissively at the floor. Helmut's next command was for me to bend over and once bent over, he raised the back part of my uniform, exposing my round, firm ass. I began to protest and quickly held my tongue as Helmut's meaty hand delivered a burning slap to my ass cheek. Then another, followed by another and still yet another. My ass cheek felt hot and glowing!

Friedrich winced at each slap, Walter seemed content at Helmut's abuse of my ass cheek and Manfred just sat on his seat stoically. 

Helmut asked me a rhetorical question if I enjoyed it. I did a courtesy and softly answered that I was here to serve and please him in any way I can. He retorted that he knew that, and asked again if I enjoyed the humiliation I was receiving. When I did not reply, Helmut delivered another hard slap and then grabbed my g-string panties and tore them off! They fell silently to the floor in between my stiletto heels. 

Now he ordered me to stand up and lift the front part of my uniform. I did and exposed my raging erection. There was an audible gasp from Friedrich, Walter bent forward and took in a good eyeful of my cock, smiled and nodded approvingly, while commenting that he did not realize maids had big, hard cocks.

"Here you little bitch!" Helmut said in English.

I turned around as I let go of the front part of my uniform, which did not go back to its original position as my hard cock held it up. I looked at Helmut as he had undone his zipper and his fat cock was out. My knees buckled and I fell to the floor in front of him. I felt as if I were transported back to the train station's bathroom, where I first gave Helmut head. He told me that I knew what to do and to start.

Before Helmut could finish his sentence, I had his fat dong in my mouth and started to work on it. I closed my eyes and replayed the time I first sucked him off; I was sitting on the toilet seat, my pants still unzipped, cumming on the floor as I gobbled Helmut. Just as I had done in that toilet stall, I was moaning in sheer delight and could not get enough of Helmut's cock in my mouth.

Helmut groaned in delight as he came quickly and like in that stall, I swallowed every delicious drop of cum! Once again, as in that stall, I wanted and needed more cock to suck, more cum to swallow. Helmut did exactly like in that stall, he gently pushed my head back, but this time he reached for my chin and turned it toward Friedrich and Walter.

Both Walter and Friedrich's mouths were agape. Walter made the first move and quickly undid his trousers, slightly sat up and pulled them down a bit. Walter's cock was semi hard and I was readily going to change that. He motioned with his index finger for me to approach and I sexily crawled to him. I grabbed his hardening prick and looked over at Friedrich, who had his hands over his crotch as if he was trying to hide his cock. I smiled at him as I gently jerked Walter's now fully erect cock

With my eyes darting from Friedrich's hands to his eyes, I opened my mouth and gobbled on Walter's beautiful cock. Walter enjoyed the sensation of my wet mouth on his cock and I started to bob up and down, still maintaining eye contact with Friedrich. Walter's hand found a resting place on the back of my head and controlled my bobbing speed. We were definitely enjoying one another's company as I turned my full attention to Walter's throbbing cock and closed my eyes, moaning like the whore that I am.

"Ja, ja," Walter breathlessly acknowledged my oral skills and started to fuck my mouth as he had both of his hands on the back of my head. Blindly, I reached over to Friedrich's pants and felt his hand around his cock, stroking it. I wrapped my hand around his hand and stroked his cock with him. Friedrich's cock was definitely longer than, but not as thick as Walter's.

Friedrich let go of his cock and I took over and continued to stroke him, as my mouth was still enjoying the mouth fuck from Walter's thick dick. I pulled back and looked over at Friedrich's cock and saw the familiar pre semen developing on the tip of his long cock. I started to melt and my face showed it.

"Komm her Süße!" Friedrich whispered out, 'come here sweetie' and still holding and stroking Walter's cock, I positioned myself to lick the pre semen from Friedrich's cock head. That salty goo is such an aphrodisiac, that I completely let go of Walter's dong and started mouthing Friedrich's long cock. I desperately needed Friedrich's long cock in my mouth and down my throat. Licking the entire length, getting his cock sloppy wet, I deep throated Friedrich's dick all the way down and stayed on it, until I needed air.

I felt Walter rise from the sofa as I continued to deep throat Friedrich, again and again, savoring the sensation of his gorgeous cock filling my throat. While sucking Friedrich's cock, I felt two hands lift the back of my uniform as Helmut did moments ago, cold lube being squirted on my asshole and then the sensation of a thick finger rubbing against and deeply in it. I was being prepared for an ass fucking and my moans became even louder. 

I felt a thick head knocking on my ass door, so I reached around with my hands and spread my ass cheeks, inviting the cock to enter in me. I continued bobbing on Friedrich's cock, hands free of course, as I felt the thick head slide slowly in my ass. The head was thick and stretched my ass and as the shaft made its way in my butt, it was just as thick!

I let my ass go and another pair of hands took over until his cock was buried deep, then the owner of the hands slid them to my waist. I could tell I was going to get a thorough fucking and was curious to see whose cock was buried in my tender ass. I was hoping that the thick cock's owner was Manfred. When I started to turn around, Manfred was standing next to me, glass of beer in his hand looking down stoically at me being sandwiched. Our eyes met and I knew that I wanted him sexually more than ever.

My attention was quickly broken by the furious pace Walter was doing in my ass and I looked at Friedrich who was waiting patiently for me to suck him off. I obliged him and went back to working on his tool and Walter's was working my ass.

I could tell Friedrich was about to cum in my mouth as he started to buck up and down, when I felt Walter pull out, grab my blonde wig and pulled me off Friedrich's cock, stood in front of me and started jerking on my face. I was not having it and mouthed his waving cock and swallowed his dick inside my mouth so he could cum in me, not on me. 

I love hot, thick facials, but I was extremely hungry and wanted to swallow cum. Walter filled me up and I still wanted more! Once Walter drained his hairy balls into my mouth, I quickly turned my attention back to Friedrich who was also cumming! I quickly swallowed him whole and all the way down. The awesome sensation of a spurting cock in my throat was euphoric! When he was done cumming, I slowly slid back up and off his cock and it flopped from my mouth almost completely limp onto Friedrich's thigh.

There were tears welled up in my eyes from having Friedrich's long dick in my throat as he came. I looked over to Manfred anticipating that he would have his cock out, ready for me to service him. To my surprise, he did not and I felt disappointed as he looked at me, drained his glass of beer and then returned to his seat.

"Jetzt räum das auf!" Helmut barked out for me to do my maid duties and clean up the floor.

I did not need to see what he was talking about as I already knew that I had had an orgasm on the floor as both of my slut holes were occupied by dick. I reached for my ripped panties and started to clean my own cum off the hardwood floor. I glanced up at Manfred and saw that he was watching me and before I started to look back down at the floor, I swore I saw a slight grin and a fleeting wink from Manfred.

I stood up with cum filled panties in my hand, turned to each of the guests, curtsied and thanked them, and then finally to Helmut and asked for permission to leave the front room. He looked at me, nodded and waved me off with his hand. As I sexily sauntered out of the room, the conversation between the boys returned to normal.