 "Fasching" is the German word for pre-Lenten festivities that starts in November and ends before Lent begins. Fasching has lots of parties where the norm is to dress up, dance, eat and drink and have a wonderful time. Some parties have contests for the best dressed, most original or outrageous, etc. One year I dressed up as a French maid. My outfit was hot; sheer black with white trim, lace gloves, bonnet, and fishnet stockings held up by a garter belt and five inch slut heels. I also dropped some serious money on a wig and not a cheap one, I wanted it to look natural. I also found a pair of rubber tits to put inside my top.

I left for the party with my lovers Helmut and Johann (pronounced yo-han), who were dressed up as a pair of monks. We got there around 8 pm and the party was in full swing inside of a school gymnasium. It was an eclectic mix of people, old, young and everyone else in between those two age groups. I scouted for cock that I desperately wanted to suck!

About thirty minutes into the party and sitting with Helmut and Johann's friends, I was approached by a few older gents to dance with them. I eagerly danced with them and grinded hard against them to feel them. They grabbed my ass, kissed my neck and some even fondled my fake tits! I was having a great time but the five inch slut heels were getting uncomfortable and I had to sit down.

After my second beer, I made my way to the toilet which was located down the hall. I turned heads of both men and women as I sexily sauntered to the toilet. I slowed my pace a little to see who was entering and exiting the men's room. A young guy exited dressed like a scarecrow and I made eye contact with him but he just gave me a quick glance and headed back to the party. 

Then I felt a nice little slap on my ass and quickly turned around to see who it was. It was the older gent who I danced with, that felt my fake tits. He was more shitfaced now than when we were dancing together.

"Hallo schatzie (pronounced shot-zee)!" he smiled and then pursed his lips at me with the odor of beer emanating from them. I quickly kissed him and he moaned.

"Want a blow job?" I asked coyly.

With that he grabbed my hand and led me into the men's room. We walked to the end of the restroom to the last stall door. He pushed at the door to the last stall but it failed to open and he cursed. I whispered into his ear that he had to pay thirty pfennig to get the door open. He dug into his pockets, swaying on his feet, for thirty pfennig. Finally he found some change and held his hand open to me. I fished out the correct change, slid them into the door and pulled the handle to open it. We quickly ushered ourselves in closing the door behind us.

We started kissing deeply, our hands roaming freely over one another. I reached down through his pants and felt a thick bulge and I started getting hard too. My mouth was aching to suck his cock but every time I tried to sit on the toilet seat, he held me tighter and kissed me harder. I fumbled for his zipper and pulled it down and reached in. He was commando and I felt his hard, warm cock and started stroking him. He quickly pulled away and I was able to sit down.

With my gloved hands I continued to stroke him and then swallowed him all the way down and he grunted hard. I softly moaned and continued sucking his gorgeous cock. I bobbed a few times and his stomach started to tremble and I knew he was about to cum so I slowed my sucking down but to no avail. He started cumming in my mouth. I swallowed every delicious drop of his thick cum then without warning he pulled out of my mouth and nearly fell out of the stall as he opened the door. 

The door swung open wide enough that a gent dressed as a clown, who was pissing in a commode across from the stall was able to look in and see me sitting. The door closed with a slam and I sat there, hungry. I waited to see what might happen next and only heard the flush of the commode, the door open and foot steps going out. I reached in my apron pocket, pulled out my cigarettes and fished one out of the box. I started to light it when I heard a soft knock on the door which I quickly opened.

I smiled at the gent who was dressed as a clown when he reached and grabbed his crotch. I nodded and he looked towards the door and then entered. I reached for his zipper and pulled out his flaccid dick. I gobbled him immediately and he moaned in delight. I pulled back slowly with his dick in my mouth. His moans of delight were getting louder as his dick started to stiffen and my head bobbing got deeper and quicker. I pulled back and started stroking him which led him to start cumming too. I quickly swallowed him into my mouth and let him finish unloading in my mouth. 

I lit my cigarette waiting for him to exit the stall, but he balked. He zipped up but was afraid to leave and I was getting very annoyed. I whispered for him to get out and leave me alone to smoke my cigarette but he didn't budge. I took a deep drag, blew out the smoke and unlocked the door and pushed it open. He smiled weakly at whoever was out there pissing in a commode. I gently pushed him out of my stall and he hurriedly left. 

I peaked out and nearly dropped the cigarette out of my mouth...there were twin brothers both dressed as superheroes. I watched in awe as they finished urinating and then turned and spotted me. I smiled shyly at them and they looked at one another with sinister grins. I quickly dropped my cigarette into the toilet bowl as they started walking towards me and my eyes zeroed in on their bulging crotches. 

They wasted no time in shoving their way inside my stall and quickly locking the door. My hands were upon both of them. I looked up at their masked faces and knew exactly what they wanted and they knew what I desperately needed! I kept massaging their growing bulges and felt weak in my knees at the thick outlines their sexy cocks were making against the shiny fabric. I couldn't wait any longer and needed both of their cocks in my mouth!

I started to pull down one of their briefs that were on the outside of his costume and his brother hurriedly did the same. Oh fuck! These brothers were definitely gifted! They both sported long, thick cocks that curved downward! I quickly gobbled one into my aching slut mouth. I gobbled down a good four to five inches and there was still more of his cock to be eaten. His brother was patiently stroking his cock waiting his turn to be devoured. I reached over and felt his hand stroking himself. He let go and I took over stroking him with my velvet-gloved hand, he moaned.

I gobbled his brother's cock all the way down to the thick base and he started moaning. I pulled back looking up at him but his eyes were closed. I flicked the head of his cock and he opened his eyes, looking down at me. I quickly swallowed him whole again never taking my eyes off his. He quickly grabbed the back of my head and started bucking. I let him ram his gorgeous cock into the back of my throat. Finally I pulled back and turned to his brother's thick meat stick.

The thick head was oozing pre-semen and I quickly gobbled it into my mouth and sucked. More pre-semen oozed into my mouth, I moaned as the salty flavor entered my mouth. I started performing deep throat on him and he whispered out obscenities calling me a filthy whore and cock gobbling slut and I loved it! 

I started sucking one cock then the other but that wasn't enough for these young eager studs. They wanted more and both started shoving their cocks into my mouth at the same time. Oh I treasured every thick inch being shoved into my mouth at the same time!

"Oh yeah!" I moaned out, "Fuck my face!"

They didn't need much encouragement as they had a nice little sword fight in my mouth. I didn't dare stifle my moans and they attracted attention outside my stall. There was a knock on the door and a voice asking what was going on inside. I didn't care and let these two hot studs with gorgeously big dicks face fuck me. Another knock on the door and a demanding voice wanted to know what was going on inside, now I was irate.

"Either wait your turn or get the hell out of here!" I shouted back and let the twins continue their cock assault in my mouth. I heard the door to the next stall open and someone stepping up onto the toilet seat. With both cocks in my mouth I looked up at the intruder. His eyes were wide in surprise as I winked at him. He continued to watch and I continued to suck their dicks. The twins were ready to cum and one of them pulled out his cock and started stroking and I continued sucking the other. 

"Open your mouth whore!" commanded the brother who was stroking himself. I obeyed and he squirted hot, thick globs of cum onto my tongue. He continued to cum on my tongue when the first hot spurt from his brother's cock started squirting the side of my face. I quickly grabbed both cocks and aimed them at my hungry mouth. These two studs continued cumming and I felt as if I were drowning in thick, gooey cum!

I used my gloved fingers to scoop cum off the side of my face and into my mouth as both superheroes started to put their gorgeous cocks away. They smiled at me as they exited my whore stall. I glanced up at the peeper who was still watching in awe of my oral prowess and nodded at him to come into my stall. He smiled and disappeared. I waited for him to show but he balked.

I fished out another cigarette and started smoking again as I sat their and pondered on the delicious cocks I just sucked off. The twins were definitely the highlight of my evening so far. I stood up and stretched my legs a bit and threw the cigarette in the toilet and flushed. I straightened out my outfit, opened the door and stepped out. The restroom was empty and I walked to the sink and looked in the mirror to see if I had cleaned off any cum from my face, when the door opened.

I looked and saw the peeper and another two guys enter with him. I stood my ground and looked at them before I coolly turned my attention back to the mirror. I slowly pulled out my lipstick and started applying it when they walked up and surrounded me. I finished applying lipstick, pursed my lips at the mirror and turned around. I looked at each of them with a hard stare but they just grinned at me.

"Excuse me gentlemen." I said condescendingly with an audacious look on my face.

A bearded gent to my left started to laugh that made his fat belly shake, the peeper, standing directly in front of me joined in and the oldest looking gent dressed as a priest standing to my right smiled nervously. I was trapped and tried to put on a tough act by pulling out another cigarette. I knew what these horny old bastards wanted but I was going to make them work for me. I placed the cigarette between my lips.

The bearded guy smacked it out of my mouth then in a stern voice, "They got something better to put in your mouth slut!"

I quickly looked at the peeper and then the priest. Peeper had a wide smile on his face and the priest wasn't looking nervously anymore, now a lecherous sneer occupied his face.

"What do you mean, they?" I asked hoping it would come out strong, but my voice betrayed me and I sounded weak. 

Peeper and the priest each grabbed me by the wrist and led me towards my stall. The bearded leader marched behind the three of us, I looked back at him who seemed to have a scowl on his face.

"What do you mean by them?" I pleaded seeking and answer to my naughty thoughts. "What about you?" but he didn't answer me and the four of us reached my favorite stall. The priest opened the door and the bearded gent entered first.

Peeper and priest let my wrists go, they knew I wasn't going anywhere but in that stall with the three of them. I watched in eager anticipation as the bearded gent undid his pants and pulled them down. I raised my hands to my mouth feigning shock as the bearded gent unleashed his gorgeous cock from its underwear.

"You like what you see?" asked the priest in my right ear as he reached up and pulled my hand from mouth and placed it on his hard cock. I looked down and saw that his cock was poking through his zipped pants. Instinctively, I lowered my left hand found peepers cock and latched on to it. I stroked them both, glanced at peepers cock before turning my full attention to the bearded gent's throbbing dick.

Stroking both cocks in my hand, I walked into the stall, bent at my waist and started sucking bearded guy's cock.

"That's it you dirty whore, suck my cock!" bearded guy groaned out as he placed his hands on the back of my head. I moaned at being commanded what to do. "Yes! Get it nice and sopping wet you lil' bitch!"

I drooled over his cock coating it thickly with my saliva. I spit on his cock and stood straight up with the other two cocks still in my hand. I looked at bearded guy, let go of the cocks in my gloved hands and turned around and faced peeper and priest. I lifted my maid's skirt revealing a g-string underwear to which bearded guy reached up and pulled it to the side.

"You are a filthy lil' whore!" he growled out as he placed his hands on my hips lowering me to his hard dick. I felt his thick head part my ass cheeks and nudging on my butthole as I leaned forward and started sucking the priest off while stroking peeper's dick, but he wanted more and quickly slid his cock in my mouth next to the priest's dick. I loved they way they started fucking my mouth, each trying to stuff their cock deeper into my mouth. I reached back with both hands and parted my ass cheeks, inviting bearded guy to fuck my butt. I grunted hard as his thick cockhead entered my ass and he pulled me down on it. He had total authority of my hips and slid me back and forth on his thick dick at will. The sensation of having a very big dick in my ass while gobbling down two cocks at the same time was euphoric. I love being humiliated by the bearded guy when he smacked the cigarette out my mouth and ordered me around like the cheap and easy slut that I am. Now with his big dick fucking my ass and two cocks doing the same to my mouth I started cumming in my g-string panties!

The warm, sticky sensation of my own cum drenched my panties made my knees buckle. Bearded guys held my hips firm and slammed his cock deep in my ass. I grunted hard at having my ass completely filled with cock. The priest gently, almost lovingly held my chin and started cumming in my mouth, I moaned as I swallowed his offering. Peeper took his queue and stroked his cock until he started decorating my mouth, lips and face. 

Bearded guy pushed me into a semi upright position with his cock still in my ass. I knew what he wanted so I placed my hands against the stall door as he started to pound my ass mercilessly. I felt his heavy hand send a hard, burning slap to my ass. I held my hands harder against the door when he slapped my ass in the same spot even harder, I winced but thoroughly enjoyed the sensation of his big cock fucking my butt! He continued fucking me harder and faster and thought he was ready to cum, but he kept up the torrid pace on my ass.

"Turn around my lil' fuck slut!" he commanded as he finally pulled out of my ass.

I turned around as he sat back down on the toilet seat, I quickly dropped to my knees. I performed ass to mouth on him which we both enjoyed. I kept sucking him off when peeper and the priest exited the stall, leaving us alone.

"That's a good lil' whore, lick me clean!" he grunted out heavily.

I knew he was about to cum so I started deep throating him, long and slow. He tried to put his hands on the back of my head but I was quicker and held them down holding onto his wrists. My g-string panties were still pulled to one side and I knew my five inch slut heels were sticking out under the door. I could hear the restroom door opening and closing as I was still giving bearded guy head. Murmurs were in the air as I gobbled bearded guy's cock all the way down and let him cum deep in my throat. 

His body jerked and twitched as he finished cumming. When he was spent, I slowly, teasingly slid off his cock, saliva mixed with cum coated his big dick. I grabbed onto it, opened my eyes and stared at him. His gaze was soft with content as I gently kissed the length of his cock. When I stopped kissing his cock, I stood up and walked out of the stall. Some of the looks I got were classic but I ignored them and walked back to the sink and stood in front of the mirror. I redid my lipstick and sauntered out the door. 

I saw the two superheroes on the dance floor with some cute looking girls. Peeper and priest were sitting at a table together with their wives and a third woman at their table was glaring at me so I smiled sweetly at her. She rolled her eyes in disgust and turned away. Finally, I reached my table.

"Where have you been?" asked Helmut as I sat down.

"In the restroom." 

"For over two hours?"

I looked at my older lover smiled and winked.