 The Trip Begins

When my wife and I moved back to Denver from Las Vegas, her mom and dad flew down to help us with the move. After a few days of packing, the moving van arrived and we basically got out of the way while the company loaded up the truck. While the movers were busy doing their thing, Edward and I dropped the girls off at the McCarran airport for their flight to Denver.  Edward and I were going to drive the car to Denver and meet up with the girls in a few days. 

Back at the house the movers were just about finished but it was around six pm by the time they pulled away in their truck. With everything finally taken care of we just needed to drop off the keys with the realtor in the morning and hit the road for Denver as early as possible. So Edward and I settled in, setting up an air mattress on the living room floor and a portable TV to watch the ball game.

That night in the vacant house we rested in the solitude atop the air mattress with out backs propped against the wall watching the small TV that was elevated on a suitcase at the foot of the air bed. The cheers of Dodgers and Rockies fans echoed in the empty room as we shared a case of twenty four Bud that was on ice in a cooler next to Edward. After five beers I began to feel the pull of the void and I let go and fell into a dreamless sleep.

When I awoke later I was alone in the room. The light from the TV flickered into the darkened room but the volume was turned all the way down and the ball game was apparently over. Upstairs a toilet flushed and I could hear the faucet turn on in the bath tub. A few seconds later I heard the clunk of the lever to engage the shower, followed by the sound of the spray hitting the bottom of the tub.  Still feeling good from the beers I decided to make my way upstairs and get ready for a shower in the master bath. Upstairs the door to the main bath was wide open and I stopped and leaned against the door frame, rubbing my eyes. 

"About time you got up," Edward chuckled, "I'm gonna take a quick shower tonight so I can just get up and go in the morning." He turned and pulled his golf shirt off over his head to reveal a perfectly furry chest and a fuzzy, full belly. Ed was about 5'6'' and though his brown hair was really thinning on top he was hardly grey at all for being 66 years old. He had the build of a small bull and aside from his obvious beer belly he was in great shape. I watched him check his beard in the mirror as if he was contemplating a shave. He turned sideways to me, facing the steaming shower, and began to remove his pants. I watched closely as he lifted each leg out of his trousers and I stared at the crotch of his underwear - he sported a sizable pouch in his white cotton BVD briefs. 

"I think I'll go jump in the shower in my bedroom," I said while watching him, "I'll see you down stairs in a few minutes." I turned and made my way toward the bedroom, but before I entered I glanced back down the hall. From the shadows I could see directly into the bath room where the door was still wide open. I thought it was a little strange that he didn't shut the door, but without the girls around I guess he figured he didn't need to. Overcome with lust I unbuttoned my jeans and let them fall to my ankles and began pulling my cock slowly while I watched the show.

Edward slid his briefs down off his smooth white ass and flung them onto his pile of clothes with a flick of his toe. I could see the perfect trail of black hairs marching down from his navel to the broad patch of his chest-nut-brown pubic hairs. His cock was a big, fat nub sitting atop a nicely hung pair of big, furry nuts. His portly frame was sexy, no doubt, but he carried himself with confidence that always made him seem sexy to me. He was a man's man, who prided himself in his raw sensuality and I wanted to be just like him. He loved to please women, and he took great pride in his attention to the female orgasm. I knew because he'd tell you all about it if you asked him, especially after a few beers.  I guess that's what made me so curious in the first place. Edward had told me stories on several occasions about how he would make the girls crazy with his big cock and how we could make love for hours, often cumming multiple times. "Hosing them down," he called it. Wow! I tried not to appear too interested those times as I listened, but I always got an erection while watching him tell those stories. As he spoke in his deep, soft voice he had this habit of adjusting his balls with a tweak of his hand every so often, making anyone with him momentarily shift their attention to the outline of his nuts filling out a nice package in whatever pants he wore. Still, aside from my constant "crotch watch" campaign, I had never seen him fully naked until then.

I watched, captivated. He raised his leg to step into the tub and I could see his dark balls hanging against his other thigh. He stepped into the shower and aimed the shower head on an angle toward the wall - there was no shower curtain because everything had been removed when we packed. I watched him wash his hair and lather up his chest and rinse the shampoo from his head. He reached down and turned off the water but he continued to lather his body with a bar of soap. There is something incredibly erotic about watching a man wash his cock and balls and seeing the white suds swept over their chest and pubic hairs. He raised his feet, one at a time to the edge of the tub to soap them up and it was then that I was given a better view of his soapy cock, suddenly grown thicker and longer since entering the shower. Even semi aroused his cock surpassed mine in length and thickness. I remember thinking that all the stories must have been true. Edward really did have a monster cock that would make the girls scream.

He soaped up his butt cheeks and worked a hand in deep to clean his ass. With his other hand he began stroking his cock, pulling it, stretching it out and cleaning around the head. I could see he was almost fully erect as he slid his soap cover hand over his slippery cock. I was waiting for him to really get going on it, but instead he turned on then shower and began to rinse off the suds. My God he was beautiful: so thick and portly and rugged, glistening under the rivers of water streaming down his back and over his chest. He was so self confident and horny. He was perfection. 

I wanted to stay and watch him dry off but I knew if I waited much longer he'd catch me wanking myself in the hall way. While he was busy rinsing I hurried into my old master bedroom - there was a glass shower stall there and I stripped down and got in and began washing up. My cock remained hard as I went about my shower routine.  I washed my hair last and when I was done I twisted the water off and reached for a towel.

My eyes were three quarters closed when I saw Edward step forward and hand me a towel.

"It's a little wet from when I used it but it's the only one we got," he said, "Guess we didn't think we'd be having one last shower here."

"Thanks," I said and I took the towel and held it so the length of it draped down in front of me blocking his direct view of my hard cock.

"What goes around comes around," he said with a smile and I watched him turn and leave the room wearing nothing but his clean, white BVD's.

A few minutes later, holding the towel around my waist, I headed back to the living room and I could hear the TV again as I made my way down the stairs. Edward, still wearing nothing but his briefs, reclined on his side of the air mattress with his back propped up against the wall, his legs out stretched and crossed at the ankles. He looked like a big furry bear in underwear! When he saw me he tilted his beer and finished it, then he reached into the cooler beside him and fished out two more.

"We gotta finish these tonight," he said, "we can't bring these with us in the car and I don't plan on throwing em away."

I took the beer from him and popped the lid and took a deep drink. I gazed down at him as he watched the TV and in the flickering light I swear his briefs were so full that they couldn't possibly hold any more.

I dug a pair of underwear out of my small suitcase and turned my back to him and slipped them on.

"No need to be shy around me, boy," he said, "Hell, you got no need to be shy packing they way you are. I seen you in the shower."

I wanted to say something about seeing him too, but I let it pass with a laugh. I made myself comfortable on the mattress beside him, sitting as he was with my pack against the wall, wearing nothing but my briefs. 

We watched an old rerun of Hawaii-5-O and drank our suds and I was really starting to get a buzz after my seventh beer. No longer sleepy after the shower I laid awake watching TV until Edward slid down further on the bed and fell asleep on top of the blankets. After he had been snoring for a few minutes I adjusted myself to get a better view of his cock and belly. Once again my cock was as hard as a rock and I pulled it out from the top of my underwear and began to pull it slowly, savoring the masturbation while looking down at Edward.

I stopped to finish off the bottom of my beer and realized I was getting a little drunk. I wanted another beer. I slid up close to Edward, close enough that I could feel the heat from his skin down the length of my body. I picked a spot over his groin and leaned over him slowly to reach into the cooler for a beer. I lingered there, feeling his package pressed under me, feeling the hairs on his belly bristle against mine. I remember the heat - his groin was so hot that I could feel its radiance against my abdomen. He stirred and I quickly pulled a beer out of the cooler and sat up-right, dripping a trail of ice cold water across his chest. He was startled awake and looked over at me with wide eyes, but still half asleep.

"Sorry, just getting another beer," I said. "Oh, no problem," he said, relaxing again, "I just needed a little nap. I think I'll join you."

Ed got himself a beer and sat up a little to drink it.

A couple more beers flowed into us and all our cares slowly drifted away.

"Tell me one of your stories," I asked, "one of your 'girls gone wild' stories. A real good one."

At that point the beer was really talking and Edward began recounting a trip to Germany when he was in the army and how he screwed two girls at the same time in a barn behind their father's house. 

As he told the story I watched him lower his left hand onto his crotch, cupping his package and rubbing his thumb back and forth over the top of the white cotton.

I slipped my hand into my underwear and began rubbing myself and I whispered to him, "Jesus I can't stand it. I'm just way too fucking drunk and horny."

As if I hadn't said a word, Edward just went right on with his story, which ended with him blowing his load twice, once on each of the girls.  

I pulled my cock out and began stroking its full length beside him and that got his attention.

"There," he said, "I told you there was no need to be shy around old Edward. But unless you're quick to reload I'd slow down a bit."  

I stopped stroking myself and looked down at Ed, drinking him up with my eyes, feasting on his image before me.

"Have you ever done a three way where the woman was fucking another man at the same time?" I asked, probing for a bisexual type encounter.

"There have been a few times where that's happened, but it was never by choice. Sometimes you find yourself in situations where the best thing to do is just to go with the flow," he said, "If it feels good do it! ...those are words I live by."

"God, I'm feeling good right now," I said, stroking my cock again.

"Me too," Edward said, "but I never get off alone, so if you don't mind?" He spread his leg over to my side of the bed and crossed his leg over mine down near the ankle. I watched him slip his hand down under the elastic waist band of his briefs to fondle himself.

I leaned toward him and whispered in his ear, "I thought you'd never ask," and I moved down next to him, putting skin to burning skin. I rolled onto my left side and leaned my body toward him as he lay on his back. I hiked my right leg up over his thigh until my knee made contact with his hand that was still in his underwear. I ran my hand over his hairy chest and gently pinched both nipples, and then I rubbed my hand down over his furry belly until my fingers entered into his thick, brown pubic patch. I raked my fingers though his pubes for several minutes - I was enchanted by the softness, thrilled by the sensation of heat so near by. I lowered my hand on top of his underwear, where I could feel his hand caressing himself beneath. 

"Now see what you're doing to me?" he said. 

I propped myself up on his chest to watch him. He pulled his hand out of his shorts and the thick mushroom head of his cock was poking up under the elastic waist of his briefs. I watched his dick grow and stretch until the shaft was lying up on his lower abdomen and his cock head had extended beyond his belly button. It was the first time I had watched a man get an erection, but I knew in my heart that this was no ordinary man. I moved my hand down to feel his balls under the soft white cotton briefs and they felt big and hot under my fingers. I slid my hand up and grasped his throbbing organ and jacked him slowly, savoring the sensation of having the largest cock I had ever seen sliding under my palm. "Sweet Jesus, look at that, " I said, stroking his rock hard member.

I slipped off my underwear then helped Edward remove his as well. I got down between his legs and pushed his knees up to his chest to help serve up his ass hole and Ed looped his arms down under his knees to help hold the position.

I licked around his hairy ball sack. He smelled faintly of soap and old spice. I made my way down to his perfect rose bud, licking the rim around and around.

"Ohh, yeah.... Niiiccccce," Edward groaned, "I guess you _can_ teach an old dog new tricks." 

I grabbed hold of his big, old cock and began pounding on it, stroking it's full length while continuing to rim him. I worked my tongue in and around his hole as best I could and I sucked and nibbled at him, pressing my face down hard on his ass.  I looked up to watch Edward: his eyes were closed and his head was lying off to one side, his mouth was open and his tongue was swirling around his lips. I slid my middle finger past his sphincter muscle and began fucking him with my finger. 

"Ohh, that's it!" he said and he grabbed hold of his cock and milked it, hard.

His body tensed beneath me and a couple of minutes later his cock exploded. I watched his cock fire a stream of cum like a rocket - a line of thick, white ejaculate flew up onto his chin and down on his neck. The second string flew onto his chest, spanning from his left nipple half way down his belly and it lay, suspended, on his carpet of body hair. The final spurts left a big puddle of cum just above his belly button.

I leaned over him and sucked up his pool of cum and swallowed. I sucked up the rivers of cum, up over his chest, up the side of his neck and onto his chin. Edward grabbed my head and pressed my cum covered lips onto his month and filled me with his tongue, sucking and kissing his own seed from my lips. He embraced me and continued to make love to my mouth.

I rolled over onto my back as Edward sat up and began digging through his overnight bag. Seconds later he was kneeling at the foot of the mattress with a small tube of Vaseline. I didn't think it was very funny.

"This has come in handy a few times and now I never leave home without it. The old girl gets dry and this makes getting into her a whole lot easier," he said, "Want to try it?" His cock was still rock hard and throbbing as he smeared it with the Vaseline. 

"Sure, I have always wanted a lubed up nine inch beer can shoved into my ass," I said sarcastically. But that's about what it looked like. He had grown so long and thick that I couldn't imagine getting it inside me. 

"Just lean back like I was and we'll take our time," Edward said, as he slipped a couple of slippery fingers into my ass. He worked it, nice and slow until he was pressing the tips of four fingers past my rose bud. I watched his every move with wonder. He seemed to know just what to do and I trusted him to be gentle. It felt nice, but I wanted more. I reached down and pulled his hand away.

"Please... try it now."

"Now you just relax and enjoy it, boy. Once you get past the burn you let me know and I'll ride you as long and as hard as you like. You take the reigns now, cuz this old stud is gonna make a mare out of you."

Edward leaned back and dropped his cock head down against my gaping ass hole and began to slowly mount me. The pain was intense and it burned like mad. He moved the head completely in and out a few times, but on each re-entry he pushed a little harder and a little deeper. After about 20 minutes of this he began to pick up the speed a little and I could really feel him filling up my ass with his big cock.

"Nice," I whispered.

"You ready now, son?" 

"Ummm," I moaned.

"Your as ready as your gonna be," Edward said. 

He held my legs up by the ankles and with a thrust of his broad hips he dropped his cock into me all the way. I felt like I was going to split in two and I gasped as the pain spiked up through my spine.

"Fuck!" I hissed, unable to say another word at that moment. I reached up and dug my fingers into his back as he began to pump his monster cock into me. Faster and faster he slammed, in and out - empty, full, empty, full. The sensation was both sensual and terrifying. 

"Faster," I said, "Fuck me harder. HARDER!"

Edward shifted his weight and suddenly he was like an engine firing all it's pistons at once. 

My hard cock, laying on my belly, began to spray cum up onto my chest as Edward continued his final assault.

He rode me without mercy, hard and deep, pounding his cocks full length into my ass for a good two or three minutes.

"Christ, I can't take any more!" I cried.

"Ok, boy," he said, "all you had to do was say so." He leaned back onto his knees and quickly withdrew his massive organ and began pumping it with his fist. I looked down to watch him and it almost didn't look real the way his hand was only covering about half of his shaft. I watched him work his big, purple cock into a frenzy until his juice began to fly. He tilted his head back and opened his mouth and groaned as he held his cock steady. I watched the piss slit on the head of his cock gape open as jets of clear cum... sprayed... out.... over me. 

Edward was glistening with sweat all over his hairy chest and his cock dripped like a faucet with a bad gasket. He leaned forward and pressed his body on top of mine, sliding his board chest through our mingled juices.  I raked my fingers across his back and held him tight, savoring the weight of his big, burly frame.

"That was beautiful," I said.

"That... was some honest to goodness man sex," Edward said as he rolled off of me onto his back, "Welcome to the family."