  I wrote this after getting so much positive feedback on my first gay male story. This is another story with Ben, though unfortunately not with Max. It will give you an idea on what kind of man Ben is. I was rather surprised myself in discovering his true character. Please feel free to leave coments or send me a personal message to tell me how I did. I hope you enjoy. 

*

My name is Ben. Some of you may know me, may have seen me in passing at a bar. I'm a social guy, not to mention that my work brings in all kinds of customers. To many a package outpost seems a bit of a low end job but it pays well and you get to meet all kinds of people; plus I own the business so I get to set my own rules and hours. But that's not why I'm talking to you this night, tonight is about the story of an exceptional young man. His name is David and he's a good ten years my junior. A sophomore in college, he was as awkward as an ugly duckling could get.

Funny thing is David isn't anything like the ugly duckling. David stands around five foot eight, with long sandy blonde hair that was styled in that skater/punk hairstyle that seems to be in fashion. It looked good on him though, even if it did hide his beautiful dark brown eyes. I know most people go for blue but since I'm forced to look at them all day the appeal has sort of worn off. But dark eyes are mysterious, bottomless pits; though David's managed to communicate so well with me. He wore baggy clothes, though, hiding away the lanky form you wouldn't believe for a second hid anything worthwhile underneath but you're wrong.

I should probably pause for a second and explain something. I'm bisexual with a preference for men; but my sexuality isn't the real important fact, it's the fact that I'm a top. I was born and raised to believe that a man was the one to take his partner out on a date by picking them up, paying for dinner, movie, whatever; then seeing that they got home safe and sound. Originally my father had taught me that with women but I expanded that to include all genders. I'm not just a gentleman though; I like control because I enjoy opening my partners to new ideas and experiences. Now that is my true passion. I love watching pleasure bloom on someone's face, mixed with surprise and the hundred other myriad of emotions they might currently be experiencing.

And that's how David fits in. I found David bussing at a restaurant and bar one night; his expression miserable. I could tell that he was one of those late bloomers. The area around us is pretty rural so no doubt he went to school with the same kids since kindergarten and whatever social stigma that had been pasted on him early in life had stuck. He wasn't anti-social, I could see that he talked with his co-workers, but he never managed to break out of his shell. 

My original intent when I approached David was to just help a fellow guy out. He was dressed in clothing that was oversized for his frame and he slouched a little. I'm not going to brag about myself but I do know a thing or two about appearance and how it can affect your life. Originally I had planned to take him under my wing but the kid just, well...

My wonder of David's sexual orientation wasn't brought into question until one night when he was over my house drinking a few beers. After our initial meet and greet, the few awkward coffee dates, and so on we had come to hit it off. David and I shared a passion for jazz music and each dreamed of one day traveling down to Louisiana to enjoy a little R&R there. Of course, with the mess of Katrina still being cleaned up we both wanted to wait until the beautiful city was back to her former glory before doing that. The music of Louis Armstrong was filling in the silence at my apartment and my fingers were tapping to the beat as we watched the current football game on mute. It had become a ritual of ours, a way for us both to unwind even if tomorrow was the beginning of a fresh work week.

David had had a pretty rough night of it last night. He had explained upon arriving that this group of girls from high school had basically made him the laughing joke of the night. They shared humiliating stories between the five of them and any coworker who happened to pass by their table. In retrospect David realized that the night hadn't been that bad but it was enough that he wanted to get drunk. Perhaps I'm a bad influence for giving a nineteen year old alcohol but hell, it wasn't as if he couldn't find worse on campus.

I was on my second beer while David was on his fifth or sixth. The game was being paused for commercials and zooming in on some of the cheerleaders in their tiny little outfits. David scoffed as he glared at the TV, his gaze dulled a little by the beer. "Fucking women... I hate them all."

I couldn't help but laugh, though it was in a good buddy sort of way as I then joked with him. "What? Are you saying you're into men now?"

Now, remember, I enjoy both forms so that coming from my mouth wasn't a sneer; but as I watched David sucked down more beer as a flush filled his cheeks and began spreading down his throat. I had to take a quick swallow of mine as well as I realized the importance of his reaction. I could feel that wonderful tingle along my spine at the thought of David doing anything remotely sexual with a man. Of course, just because it had become a new fantasy for me didn't mean it was his. I had to get a clearer answer.

"Do you?" My tone was sedate, serious, as I passively stared at the young man. I watched his gaze flick to me then away; the color deepening in his face.

I let the music swell into the silence, watched him squirm under my unwavering regard. Finally pulling the bottle away from the vicinity of his mouth his words came out low and defensive. "So what if I do?"

I shrugged, taking another sip as I felt myself grow a little chubby in my pants. "Nothing; I enjoy men from time to time."

That seemed to shock the boy and I saw him sit up from the corner of my eye.

"You do?" The question came out a bit higher than his usual tenor, the words breathless and shocked.

I only grinned at him as I drank from my bottle again.

Another silence ensued as we enjoyed our beers but I felt his gaze on me rather than on the screen. As the game ended I turned off the TV and stretched. "Well... better pack it in for the night. You've had enough to drink."

I plucked the bottle from his limp grasp, noting that he didn't take offense to my high handed behavior. Instead he rose, adjusting the fitted polo shirt that I had helped him select out then the jeans. He began walking towards the door and I followed behind until he reached for the handle. My hand slammed into the door itself, keeping it shut as he looked from my hand to my face over his shoulder. I watched as David turned around, his gaze hopeful and frightened at the same time. I felt for the kid, I really did, but I wasn't going to back down just because he might run off.

I pinned him more to the door with the bulk of my body, not touching him in any way. I watched him wet his lips, his gaze jumping from mine to my lips, over the rest of me then back to my face. I knew then that he wanted me and I was more than willing to give it to him. Leaning in I let my lips brush against his, using my mouth to nudge his head back to adjust for the slight height difference. David relaxed back against the door, his head tilted for me, lips slightly parted. I took the invitation, slowly sinking my hot tongue into his mouth; tasting his lips then skimming it over his teeth before letting our tongues play together.

David moaned into the kiss and I'm sure I made some sound of pleasure but I was too caught up on what we were doing to notice. It took only seconds to coax his tongue into my mouth and I caught it in a rough suck, the hand that had been loose at my side moving to cradle his jaw so he couldn't back out of the kiss while I pinned my hips to his. He was hard, I could feel it, but then so was I and as I gave him my tongue to play with I let our bodies grind together.

When the kiss broke, David's cheeks were flushed and his lips were a little swollen. He reminded me of so many women I had kissed senseless. He had that dazed, soft look that basically told me I could do anything to him and he'd accept; mewling with pleasure the whole way. It made me the aggressor more now than ever before. I was so caught up in my arousal that I wanted David beneath me in every way possible. I wanted to hear him say he was mine. I'm not usually one to claim a person or ask them to place themselves in that kind of situation but really, that's what I wanted.

My hand on David's jaw relaxed and skimmed down the front of his body to grasp the hem of his shirt with my fingertips; dragging it up to expose the hard abs beneath. My little duckling had a solid body that had been built with social-less nights and a home gym from his father's hay days. I grinned as my fingers traveled lower, popping free the button of his jeans. I didn't pull at his zipper, just let my fingers tease right where they were; playing with the waistband of his boxers.

I imagined that he was throbbing like I was; a hard rock that was snaking down my right thigh. Bringing my attention to his face I spoke, my voice soft; coaxing. "Do you want to strip for me?"

David's only response was a nod. I could have kissed him, watching him worry his bottom lip between his teeth as he gave me that simple answer. I stepped back, sliding my hands into my pockets. I didn't give him much space; I wanted to be the only thing in his line of sight as I watched him first pull the polo from his body then reach for his pants. He was shucking his shoes off at the same time; kicking them to the side before his pants dropped down around his ankles. I looked over the black boxers that were tented and simple white socks he had on.

He paused, waiting for approval but I only motioned that he finish the job. As David began to tug the socks from his feet I began unfastening my belt, whipping it free of my pants while I watched him bend down, pulling his boxers free of his body. David was shy, his hands trying to cover the surprising length of his cock. I think that's one of my favorite things about men. Each man was a different length, width, style. Some were cut; others waxed clean their pubic hair. It was like the erotic version of Forrest Gump's box of chocolate.

Carefully I nudged away his hands, looking at the ruddy shaft with the thick, bulbous head. His sac was heavy beneath the root of his cock, dark blonde hair trimmed down around the area. I wondered how he tasted but I forced myself to wait.

Looking at his face I played with the fastening of my own pair of jeans. "Do you want to play with your first cock?"

It was a dirty tease, I knew, but I wanted to see that color flag in his cheeks. He gave a nod and I drew him closer by his hips. "Then open my pants."

I felt his hand fumble against my restrained dick when he reached to do as I instructed. I flinched a little, trying to keep my breath steady. I wasn't going to waste myself in my pants, not when I had all of David before me to do it on. Once he reached the button, he was rather quick to get inside; taking my instructions a step further by pushing my jeans and boxer briefs down in one fell swoop.

With my pants around my knees and my cock raging almost an inch from his, we both watched as he gathered up my balls with one hand and my cock with the other. My cock was a mix of girth and length. I could pass for six and a half inches and had a good size but what my partners liked about me was the veins that popped out. David was no exception to that and his hand lightly glided over the sight before him before he took a firmer grip.

I had only meant to let him toy with me a bit, to get in his head just what we were going into but he beat me to the punch, dropping down to his knees so he could get up close and personal with my one-eye monster. 

"David..." I managed to groan out but I was silenced by the hot swipe of his tongue. "Shit." I muttered next, one hand shifting into his long hair as the other braced against the door; elbow locked.

I forgot how youths tended to jump the gun a bit but I wasn't going to complain. His tongue felt fabulous soft and rough at the same time, bathing the head of my cock with attention to detail. He lapped over the lip of the helmet, swirled his tongue over the spongy tissue before using the tip of his tongue to stab at my piss hole until a drop of precum came out. David was going to be the death of me if he kept this up, and I couldn't have cared less. He kept a tight hold on the base of my shaft as his fingers tickled my balls; his mouth trying to suckle every little drop from my cock it could get.

I finally dragged his mouth from my cock, holding his head locked in place with a fistful of his hair. I took a moment to catch my breath, watching his lips flutter against the tip of my cock before I straightened. "Did you like your first taste of cock?" 

David nodded his head, his hands working my organ since I refused to let his mouth near it; his attention focused on his task. "Yes, I love the taste of you."

"Good." I couldn't help the egotistical praise and I reached down to drag him up. "Now I think it's my turn."

I didn't drop to my knees, though, but lead David to my bedroom; pausing after a few steps to strip me of my clothes before taking the lead again. My apartment was simply furnished with black leather furniture and dark wood. Once in my room I pushed David onto the bed, crawling up after him to give light nibbles over the underside of his shaft. Her shivered and squirmed; taking the light abuse with a gentle moan. I didn't give him time to settle down but caught his hips and used my tongue to pull his cock into my mouth.

I loved sucking a cock to the point of climax, feeling the hungry throb against my lips and the taste of the precum that would liberally coat my tongue. But I had different plans for David and his cock so I just gave him a warm up; letting him feel what it was like to have a man sucking on your prick. It's different for the same reasons women say about another girl eating them out. A man knows the basic points of the male body; knows the general signs that tell him when to stop and when to push forward.

I sucked on David until his hips were straining to fill my mouth and enter my throat, gradually drawing my mouth off him until it released with a pop. He was red faced and his cock looked like it was ready to burst. Frowning at him I gave his cock a light, playful spank. "If you cum before I'm ready for you to you're going to be in some serious trouble."

David moaned against at the words, his face a mix of need and mortification at the very thought of premature ejaculation. God, he is so hot, I thought to myself. I wanted to see a puddle of his seed on his stomach, his fingers swirling in his cum while he begged for more. I'm sure at his age he could easily keep an erection after ejaculation. It was one of the benefits of youth.

Bending down, I let my tongue lap at his balls, playing with one and then the other while I forced his hips to curl. I took my mouth away long enough to tell him to grab the back of his knees before working over the juncture where his sac met his shaft. David did as told without hesitation and my hands cupped his small ass with my thumbs drawing the crevice open to expose his dark star.

I didn't allow David any moment to think of what my plans were for that forbidden orifice. I was going into an area of taboo for some and I have long since learned it is easier to beg forgiveness than to ask for permission. My tongue stroked over his taint, teasing that small section of space before swiping my tongue over his anus. I could feel the very breath in David's body still, knew that he was trying to come to terms with what was happening and deciding if he liked it or not. I used that time to my advantage, lapping at that space as I urged my saliva down my tongue.

It glistened in the dim light of the room and the muscles flexed gently against my wiggling muscles. I patted and flicked my tongue over that point, paying it all the attention it deserved. When I took a moment to swallow and recoat my tongue, I glanced up at David's face; making sure he was watching me as my face dipped down again and my mouth made contact. I sucked as I began to like poke at the opening, gently willing his ass to open to my tongue.

I can't tell you how long I spent there tonguing his ass but I know that his body had begun to accept my tongue up into his body and that was the sign I had been waiting for. Sitting up, I teased my nails over the back of David's thighs as I looked at him. "You ready, baby? You ready for me to take your ass?"

As I spoke I let one finger tease the ring of muscles, keeping it warmed up by introducing the tip of my finger to it.

"Oh God yes. Please, Ben, fuck my ass." David's words were slurred with passion and the beer but hearing him ask me to use his ass had me even closer than before.

Opening the bedside table's drawer I looked over the various colored bottles of lube. What did I want to use on a virgin asshole? I suppose it would be only nice to use one that would help diminish any discomfort but I wanted David to feel every inch of me.

I promised myself that I would take it easy on him as I took out the heating one. I poured some in my hand that I quickly worked over my length then squirted some onto his wet, puckered hole. It was just to give the tip of the bottle leeway as I stuck it up his ass and gave a hard squeeze. David cried out, his hips bucking as I filled him up with lube. I kept squeezing as I took it out, drenching him further before trailing the lube up to cover his balls and prick.

I closed the bottle before dropping it off the bed to the side, one hand moving to hold his right leg up as the other came to begin working a finger then another into his ass. I was panting as I felt how tight he was, listening to the grunts and sobs of pleasure that he made. He was squirming where he lay, his jaw clenching as I began to beat my fingers against his prostate.

I could help the sharp smile that claimed my mouth, working that bundle of nerves with no mercy. "You feel this, David? You feel what I'm doing to you? I'm going to bang this spot with my cock until I cum in your ass. Do you want that?"

David could only whimper and nod, his eyes almost closed. I removed my fingers and took hold of his legs, pulling his ass higher up until his hips were braced against my thighs. Tucking his calves against my shoulders I worked the tip of my cock against the snug ring of his ass, alternating between pushing and rubbing until his body began to give way.

As expected, he was tight and I used my weight to gradually grind my cock into his body. I used one hand to brace my body against the bed so my weight didn't fall on him too quickly, the other a tight vice around his cock to help minimalize any pain. When my hips were pressing against David's ass I gave a few shallow strokes, making sure I was completely inside before stopping my fist.

"David," I called to him, "David. I'm deep in your sweet ass. Tell me, do you like it? Do you like having my hot prick up your needy hole?"

David was tugging at the short, wooden headboard as his back bowed off the bed. I loved it, loved watching every second. It made me want to lick and bite every inch until I had made all of him mine. Instead I slowly drew out; only push back in with a little more speed. My next withdrawal matched the speed I had pushed into him with, speeding up yet again as I pumped my hips forward. I kept this until our hips were meeting with light slaps, my hands back to holding him slightly curled up so I could take full advantage of my length.
