 Jake went up the stairs to rake a shower. As he climbed into the shower he couldn't help but think about what he just experienced. It didn't feel wrong per say but he didn't exactly feel right about it. In other words he had no idea how he felt about it. Well Dad did say it was going to happen again so I can think about how I feel about it then.

Washing his body he made sure to get every piece of sweat and lube that was on his body. When he got to his ass he wasn't exactly sure how to clean it out so he did his best to get out everything. Though there wasn't much left since it had all run down his leg. As he climbed out of shower he took his time drying his body with the semi-fluffy towel. 

When he walked out of bathroom with the towel around his waist, he had only taken five steps towards his bedroom when his father had exited his own bedroom fully clothed in sweats and freshly showered. As Jack walked past Jake he stopped and turned to him.

Jack: "Do to what happened today whenever you are in the house I want you to wear a jockstrap under all your pants. Weather they are sweatpants or jeans."

Jake: "Why do you want me to wear a jockstrap?"

Jack: "Well I want to be able to have direct access to that ass of yours with only the pants being in the way. Unless you want to cut holes in all your pants and briefs so that I can just have access that way."

Jake: "No I will wear the jockstraps."

Jack: "When you finish getting dressed come downstairs. I have called for a pizza and it should be here by then. I also have a surprise for you."

Jake: "Ok."

Jake walked into his bedroom and started to get dressed. Looking for a jockstrap to wear was hard since he only had three but at last he was able to find one that was clean. Grabbing the black jockstrap he put it on and grabbed the other black and white one and put them in the laundry to get those clean for tomorrow. Grabbing a pair of black sweatpants and a white shirt Jake put them on and grabbed the basket of dirty clothes. 

Jack: "Jake where are you going."

On his way to the laundry room Jake walked past the kitchen where his father was laying out the pizza that had come.

Jake: "I have to wash some clothes so that I can accomplish your orders. Also I will need to go out tomorrow to get some more jockstraps."

Jack: "Ok. Glad that you are actually listening to my orders. And you can take the car and go to the store but make sure you come right home afterword."

Jake: "Why?"

Jack: "I have to do some work but by the time you get back I should be done and your brother shouldn't be home so we can have some fun while he is away and we are all alone."

Jake: *gulp* "Ok I will be sure to come back as soon as I can."

Jack: "Good now hurry up so we can eat and then I can give you that surprise."

Jake nodded and went to the laundry and set the washing machine to wash all the clothes he had brought down. Heading back to the kitchen he grabbed a few slices of pizza and headed to the family room and sat down on the couch near his father. Though; by close I mean the opposite end.

Sitting down on the couch the two of them were watching the first half of the football game. Jack yelled at the T.V. when the refs made a stupid call. Jake just sat on the couch occasionally yelling but mostly changing the way he was sitting because his ass hurt so much from the pounding he took earlier. He was also wondering what this surprise was but he had a feeling he wasn't going to like it at all. Or maybe it will be something he isn't use to.

With the game now being at half time, they decided they will take care of their dishes. 

After three minutes the plates were cleaned up and the pizza box was in the recycle bin. Entering the kitchen Jake wasn't sure if his father had remembered about the surprise or not and was hoping for the latter. About to walk out of the kitchen he was stopped by his father.

Jack: "Jake. Are you forgetting about that surprise I had for you."

Jake: "No I just assumed you were going to give it to me in the family room.'

Jack: "Nope it will be easier to do in the kitchen."

Jake: "Easier... to do?"

Jack: "Yep. Now pull down your pants spread your legs and bend over the table."

Jake: *fearful look crosses face* "Please don't fuck me again my ass is already sore from the two times earlier."

Jack: "Don't worry the earliest I will be able to fuck you will be tomorrow because I am simply spent from today. I haven't cum so many times in years and am not use to it. Now stop worrying and do what I told you."

Jake with no other option went over to the table and did what he was told to do. Pulling his pants down to his knees he grabbed the edge of table and bent over with his legs shoulder width apart.

Jack: "Nice jockstrap frames that ass perfectly. Oh I will have fun taking that again."

Jack walks up behind Jake and starts caressing his ass. All of a sudden he brings his hand back and

SMACK 

Jake yelped in surprise and pain.

Jack takes the small vibrator with the remote control activator out of his pocket.

Jack: "Now open your mouth and suck on this."

Jake not having any other choice opened his mouth to except the vibrator. Though he doesn't know what it is.

When Jack feels it has gotten enough saliva to get into his ass he uses the string to signal he wants to take it out. Understanding that he has to let the vibrator out of his mouth, he opens his mouth. Jack then once again moves to his ass. Peeling apart his ass cheeks Jack slowly starts to put the vibrator into Jake's ass. Since Jake it still slightly loose from the earlier fucking's the vibrator easily enters his ass. Now that the only thing is the string Jack grabs the string and starts to wind it around the strap of the jock that Jake is wearing so that it doesn't get in to much of the way.

Jack: "Now what I put in your ass is a vibrator and it is controlled by a remote that I have. So whenever you are in the house I will activate it. Sometimes it will be for my enjoyment but if it is when you are alone or I am then that will be signal for you to come to me so that I can either fuck you or you will suck me off. Got it?"

Jake only nodded.

Jack: "Good now that that is settled lets head to watch the rest of the game."

With that said Jack started to head to the family room to finish watching the game. Leaving Jake to pull up his pants. Suddenly turning around Jack stopped and looked back at Jake.

Jack: "Oh and after a week or so we will change the vibrator for something else or nothing at all. It depends on how I feel at that time."

Jack then headed into the family and started to watch the game that had just restarted after halftime. Jake following behind sat down on the couch with the weird feeling of something stuck in his ass. Finally finding a comfortable position Jake sat down on the couch and enjoyed the rest of the game.

~40 minutes later~

Jake has been sitting on the couch watching the rest of the football game. Surprisingly it has been calm and comfortable because his father hasn't turned on the vibrator yet. It has only been sitting in his ass and as long as he doesn't move too much then he can't even tell it's there. 

As the game was getting down to the last five minutes Alex finally came home from his girlfriend's house. Walking into the family room he sat down and started watching the last of the game with the other two. When the game talk show came on Jack decided they were all going to actually talk.

Jack: "So did you have fun over at your girlfriend's?"

Alex: "Yeah I had fun. We had a nice time."

Jack: "What did you do?"

Alex: "Oh, you know we had some pizza, watched some movies; talked. That was about it."

Jack: "Sounds interesting."

The way he said this had a knowing sound in his tone. Looking out the corner of his eye Jake made eye contact with his father. There was a gleam in there that made Jake slightly uneasy but he just dismissed it as him being nervous of his brother possibly finding about what happened today.

When Jake had turned away from his father he didn't notice Jack moving is hand toward his pocket. Wrapping his hand around the remote Jack pressed the button. 

YELP

Jake was so surprised he had jumped out of his seat and bit down on his tongue.

Alex: "Jake you ok man?"

Jake nods his head yes because he can't talk his mouth his hurting so bad.

Alex: "What happened?"

Jake: "I bit my tongue by accident and the pain shocked me for a second so I yelped."

Alex just takes the story in and accepts it without any further questions. Though the vibrator is still going inside of him and he is somehow managing not to fidget in discomfort from the damn thing. Though his dick is starting to harden from the vibrator moving on his prostate.

Alex: "Well I'm tired so I'm going to go to bed. See you guys tomorrow. Good night."

Jack/Jake: "Good night."

The two of them stopped talking until they heard the door to Alex's room shut. Jake had finally given up on not fidgeting and had started the minute Alex had left the room.

Jack: "So how does it feel?"

Jake: "It feels weird and I wish you had given me a heads up so that I had known that that was going to happen."

Jack: "I already told you that now your ass is mine. So that means that I can turn the vibrator on or off when I want to. I can also change the intensity of the vibrations. So you should watch what you say because you are already hard and leaking and I can make it a lot more painful and long lasting with just one remote control."

Jake letting it all sink in can only stare at his father and nod his head in understanding. He was really hoping his father hadn't seen his little predicament but he did. Now all Jake wanted to do was to release.

Moving his hand towards his sweatpants Jake was just about to shove his hand in there to take care of his hard-on when he felt a strong hand grasp his wrist.

Jack: "Don't touch your dick until I say so."

With wide eyes Jake just sat on the couch and tried to get some blood rushing back to his head. The Jockstrap he had put on already soaked from 

the pre-cum. Sitting back and trying to minimize the fidgeting that he is doing he watched the clock. 

The first minute just ticked by slowly. All the while he tried to touch his dick twice more but every time he was stopped with a firm hand grabbing his wrist. Finally deciding that he should just sit back and wait for instructions on when to touch his dick he leaned back.

By the second minute he was wondering if his father was ever going to let him relieve himself or make him just continue to leak into his jockstrap that was completely soaked now. Then all of sudden the intensity of the vibrator increased. With it still resting against his prostate Jake was about to let out a giant moan, when his father placed his hand over his mouth.

Jack: "No moaning to loud. We wouldn't want your brother to get curious and come looking downstairs."

As Jack removed his hand he increased the vibrator a little more. As this led to him having to replace his hand on Jake's mouth; Jack went digging through his pockets for something to put in his mouth. Finding a small ball gag in another one of his pockets; he took it out and got ready to give it to Jake.

Jack: "Since you can't seem to be able to keep your mouth shut. Let's try this."

Leaning over Jack inserted the ball gag into his mouth and fastened behind his head so that he wouldn't have to hold it. Increasing the vibration once again, Jack just sat back and watched the pleasure ripple across his son's face.

Jack was slightly uncomfortable with the addition of the ball gag in his mouth. But with the incretion of the vibrations once again, Jake was glad for the ball gag because he couldn't hold back the moan anymore. Thanks to the ball gag it was softer then it would have been otherwise. 

After a minute Jake couldn't hold it back any longer. His dick started twitching in the jockstrap and he was cumming. Shooting six ropes of cum into his jockstrap, Jake slouched down in his seat. Basking in the afterglow, even as his body shook from the intensity of his release.

Jack seeing that Jake had finally finished cumming reached over and unhooked the ball gag that was around his head and removed it from his mouth. Getting up he went to the kitchen and washed off the spit that was on the ball gag. Once it was clean he replaced it back in his pants heading back out to the family room, he saw his son still sitting on the couch. Remembering that the only way his son can clean himself he would have to replace the jockstrap that the vibrator was tied around.

Going over to his son Jack grabbed the band of the sweatpants and pulled them down to his knees. Jake realizing what was happening tried to move back from his father. Jack on the other hand grabbed his legs and pulled him back down to where he was before he noticed. Lifting up his legs and pulling his ass to the edge of the couch, Jack grabbed Jake's hands and placed them on his knees.

Jack: "Now hold your knees so that I can take out the vibrator."

Jake realizing what his father is going to do grabbed his knees harder and pulled his legs back further to give him better access. Jack moved his hands down to the waistband of the jockstrap and started to untie the string attached to the waistband. Once it was fully unfurled he gently tugged on the string until the vibrator was at the point of coming out of his ass. Pulling a little harder on the string the vibrator started to make its way out of his ass. After a couple of seconds it was fully out of his ass and there was nothing else to do. 

Jack: "Ok you can let go of your legs now."

Jake understanding what he said let down his legs and pulled his pants back up then slumped back down on to his seat.

Jack: "Go change out of that jockstrap and put on whatever you want. Then go to bed. If you want to stay up later then you can but since you came three times today you should be very tired by now. But I am going to bed so try to keep it down. See you in the morning. Good night."

With all that said Jack left the room and went to his bedroom to crash for the night. Jake still trying to process everything just sat there for ten minutes. When his jockstrap started to harden to the point where it became uncomfortable he got up and left the room went to clean up. Heading to his bedroom he took off the sticky and hardened jockstrap. Not bothering to put on his sweat pants again he grabbed a pair of briefs and went to the bathroom. Walking to the bathroom naked 

Jake entered and closed the door behind him. Grabbing one of the spare cloths Jake wet it and cleaned around his dick and balls. Once he was clean he put on the briefs and through the wet cloth into the towel hamper. 

Heading back to his bedroom, he immediately fell onto his bed and fell asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.

The minute Jack got into his room he fell asleep too.

The problem is that both of them realized that Alex was very confused, about why his brother was being so quiet and the unusual squeak he heard from him as well. Then the way his father was acting towards Jake as well. So as soon as he went up to his room he shut the door and waited a few minutes until he heard them start talking again. Sneaking out of his room and down the stairs to a good vantage point, he watched and heard the entire escapade from the stairs. After the last remark from his father, he saw him heading towards the stairs. 

Sneaking back into his room he closed the door and leaned against the door waiting for his father to pass. Opening the door again, he saw his brother head into his room and come back out naked from the waist down. As he saw him head back to his room, Alex went and laid down on is bed thinking about what he just saw and heard.

The only thing he couldn't stop thinking was

'Why Jake and not me too?'

With those very confusing thoughts going through his head Alex fell asleep on his bed. Thinking about how to get the same thing to happen to him tomorrow.

He'll find out tomorrow.