 Jack woke up at eight in the morning because he had to do some work. Heading down to the kitchen he started to make some eggs for himself. While the eggs were cooking he made some coffee to. 

Once both things were done he went to his office and pulled up some assignments that he needed to work on. 

~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~

Jake woke up earlier than normal at around 10ish which is very unusual. Remembering that he has to go buy more jockstraps he changed into a pair of jeans and shirt and went to the kitchen to get some breakfast before leaving.

Jack finally finishing his breakfast while doing his work went to the kitchen to clean up the glass and plate he had used for his breakfast. 

When he walked into the kitchen he noticed Jake standing in front of the fridge trying to decide on what to eat. He also noticed that he was dressed in street clothes ready to go out. 

Jack: "Where are you going?"

Jake startled jumped in the air from his father's voice. Luckily he didn't scream out.

Jake: "You scared the shit out of me. Remember I told you that I had to go shopping today to get more jockstraps to follow your orders on what to wear around the house."

Jack just stood there smirking as Jake got out his frustration and explained where he was going.

Jack: "Ok. When you get back put on a jockstrap and some sweats and come find me. By then I should be done with my work and we can have some fun. Just don't take too long."

Jake: "Ok. I'll be back as soon as I can."

Jack: "Good boy."

Jake not knowing how to react to that last statement just walked out of the house with a small smile on his face.

Jack went back into his office and worked for another hour before he finished all his work. 

Since he was all done with his work Jack started to surf the internet looking at random postings that the news feed had put out and all that.

~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~

After Jake had left and Jack was almost done with working, Alex woke up. The night had not been very kind to Alex all he could do was think about what he had saw his father do to his brother. The other was that he could only think about how he wanted to join them to. His girlfriend had been stingy with the sex lately. Then because he is a young college student he had certain needs that he needed to take care of. Fortunately he has experimented with sex with the same sex. Usually he is always on top. That is the only part that is worrying him about this entire situation is because he doesn't know what position he would be in. He knows that if he entered this situation his father would be in charge and there would be nothing he could do about it.

Sitting in bed Alex started thinking about what he saw yesterday. Thinking about everything he heard and saw, his hand started to work its way down to his dick. As he re-imagined what he saw, his hand entered his briefs and grasped onto his half hard cock. With his memories surfacing on how his brother squirmed with that vibrator in his ass. The moan that had started then immediately cut off got his cock to full staff. 

Moving his briefs to underneath his balls he started stroking his cock. Remembering the ball gag that his father put into Jake's mouth he started to move faster and faster up and down his cock. After two minutes his strokes started to get faster and faster. When the part finally came for his brother to come, he was at the brink but it wasn't enough to put him over the edge yet. 

Then the final part came. Seeing his brother's legs in the air with his whole ass exposed, the vibrator coming out of his ass. This scene is what sent Alex over the edge. Spraying ropes of cum over his stomach and chest, Alex slipped into the blissful afterglow. 

After five minutes of lying on his bed he started to get a chill from the cum that was hardening on his stomach. Getting up he headed towards the bathroom, and climbed into the shower. While scrubbing his body he thought about what just happened in his bedroom. Since he hasn't gotten any action from his girlfriend lately and they were on the verge of breaking up. Plus let's face it his hand is just not as satisfactory at all. 

As he dried his body off, he continued to think about his whole lack of sex situation. When he got back to his room he took off the towel and was heading towards his closet to get some fresh sweats for the day. Just as he was about to reach for a pair of briefs he finally came to a decision. 

He was going to get his father to let him fuck his brother too. 

Not really understanding why he was hesitating on grabbing the briefs, he suddenly saw something out of the corner of his eye. Turning his head he saw one of his eight pairs of jockstraps. 

Suddenly the part about the jockstrap from yesterday all of a sudden popped up into his mind. Thinking it would be easier to get his father to let him in on the action he grabbed a black pair and put them on. Grabbing black sweats he put those on along with a black muscle tank top.

Heading down to the kitchen he grabbed some breakfast in the form of pop-tarts with some orange juice. Going back to the bathroom he quickly brushed his teeth and rinsed out his mouth.

Now all he has to do his find his father.

~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.

Jack was sitting in his study still searching the web when all of a sudden Alex came into the room.

Jack: "What can I do for you Alex?"

Alex: "Oh nothing I just wanted to talk to you about something dad."

Jack: "Um... sure I finished my work so I'm free for the rest of the day. What do you need to talk about?"

Alex: "Well you see, when you and Jake thought I had gone to bed I snuck back down the stairs and heard and saw everything that happened after I left the room."

Most people would have paled at this little revelation but not Jack. In fact his head started spinning trying to think of what could possibly happen that will bring him more pleasure besides fucking Jake.

Jack: "Is that so?"

All Alex could do was nod. He knew that something was going on. He could practically feel his father's mind turning on the other side of the desk.

Jack: "I'm assuming you're not going to tell anyone. So what do you want?"

Alex: "I want you to let me in on the action. I want to be able to fuck Jake also."

Jack just stared at Alex for a minute. The he started laughing. Needless to say Alex was very confused.

Jack: "Apparently you weren't listening very well. If you were you would have heard me say that I was in charge of Jake and this escapade. Which means if you want in you could only do what I say not what you think you can do. Do you still want in knowing that?"

Alex didn't know what to say. He was already expecting that answer. He just wasn't sure he was ready for that. While contemplating he felt his pants tighten once more and knew that this was going to be his only chance to get any action in a while once he breaks up with is girlfriend. 

Alex: "Yes I understand. So what do you say we should do?"

Jack just smiled a very Cheshire grin. Walking in front of Alex he stopped in front of him. Leaning over he looked him directly in the eyes.

Jack: "We are going to have some fun."

Grabbing onto Alex's arm, Jack dragged him out of his office and headed down to the basement. 

Heading to the door that led to the room with all the fun toys for sex, Jack grabbed the keys and started to unlock the door. The entire time this was happening Alex just followed along with a confused expression. When they came to the door Alex's confused expression turned to curious because he had never been in this room before. When Jack had finally finished unlocking the door he led Alex inside and turned on the lights.

The moment the lights turned on Alex's jaw dropped open. As he surveyed the room all he saw was multiple types of dildos of every size and color. Not to mention other toys he couldn't identify. In the middle of the room was a swing that someone could be tied to suspended over the floor. In the corner was a table with straps where someone could be bent over and tied to the table. There was also just enough space for someone to fit behind the table for the person on the table to be able to suck a cock or something else. As Alex was surveying the room Jack came over and knocked him out of his stupor. 

Jack: "Take off your clothes and out them in this bucket."

Alex looked over and saw some buckets lined up against the wall next to the door. He walked over and started taking off his shirt. After placing the shirt in the bucket in a heap he took off his sweatpants and threw those on top of the shirt. As he was about to take off the jockstrap he was stopped.

Jack: "Leave on the jockstrap."

Alex following the order turned around and looked over at Jack. Jack had stripped down in the time that Alex had and was waiting at the table with the straps. Walking over to Jack, Alex swallowed in apprehension when he saw the semi-hard dick his father currently had. Stopping in front of him he waited for his next order.

Jack: "Get on your knees and suck my cock."

Alex immediately followed the order and dropped to his knees. Leaning over he grabbed his father's dick at the base and started sucking on the head. Moving his tongue around the head he kept himself from moving down the cock to much from lack of experience. Though he didn't have to worry about that for too long. After about two minutes of sucking on the head he felt his father's hand behind his head encouraging him to go farther down.

Jack: "Come on suck the dick. I could always just have you open your mouth and face-fuck you like I did with your brother."

Not really liking the idea of the face fucking, he hesitantly started to suck more of the cock. As he started to bob his head up and down he felt the cock starting to grow more in his mouth. 

Deciding that he should, he tried to deep throat the dick. Since he wasn't used to it, the moment the dick hit the back of his throat he chocked and had to pull back. Planning on not trying that again for a while he continued to suck the cock. 

Jack was getting a lot of pleasure Alex, but he didn't want to come too soon. After another couple of minutes Jack pushed Alex off his cock.

Jack: "Bend over the table and put your hands out to the side."

Alex immediately obeying did as he was told. He had no idea that giving oral pleasure to another man could be so pleasurable for both sides. In his jockstrap his cock was already rock hard. He had an 8-inch cock that was pulsing pre-cum into his jockstrap. 

As he was thinking about this he didn't notice his father moving his arms and securing them to the table. When he finally did notice them, he tried to pull on his arms but to no avail they were stuck where they were. After he stopped trying to move his arms he noticed that something had been wrapped around his ankles but he couldn't see what it was.

Jack had moved Alex's legs apart and had fastened a pipe in between his legs with leather cuffs, so that he couldn't try to close his legs. Walking away from him he grabbed a ball gag and placed it in his mouth. Now Alex couldn't move and couldn't talk.

Jack moving back to behind Alex grabbed a few things to make this more fun.

Jack: "So you wanted to have some fun. Well I'm glad it didn't take too much to convince you that you were not going to be in charge. But I need to assert this a little more. After all I don't want you going to fuck your brother in the middle of the night."

Grabbing a small paddle he lifted his hand back and

SMACK. UNHH.

Alex was very shocked that he had just been hit with a paddle. He honestly thought his father wouldn't do that.

Jack: "Don't worry this is only to let you know what will happen if you do anything without my approval first. Right now you will only get a couple paddles but try my patience and it will be more."

SMACK. UNNHH.

SMACK. UNNHHH.

SMACK. UNNHH.

SMACK. UNNNHHH.

Jack: "That's enough for now. Oh would you look at that only five hits and your ass is already red. Well wait until I fuck it then it will be a lot more."

After replacing the paddle, Jack grabbed the lube and went back over to Alex. Pouring some on his fingers Jack placed the first one at his entrance. Pushing his index finger in, he felt some resistance but not a lot. Slowly pushing in and out he worked his entire index finger in. Some the ass was loose enough he took his middle finger and started pushing that one in to. Doing the same thing he gently finger fucked until it was all the way in. Once the fingers were moving easily in and out he started to scissor his finger to open the ass a little more. Once that was loose he started to add in a third finger. Repeating the same process of in and out and scissoring, he eventually made the ass loose enough to get his dick in. Pulling his fingers out he stood up and grabbed the lube and coated his cock. 

Jack: "have you ever been fucked before?"

Alex shook his head.

Jack: "Good then I'll be the first to break open this virgin ass."

Lining up the head of his dick with his ass, he surged forward. Pushing forward he met little resistance with most of the head. But longer than it should have been, the head finally popped into his ass. Moving deeper every couple of inches he would pull out and push back in another couple of inches. Continuing this for ten strokes he finally got all ten inches of his cock into Alex's ass. 

Leaving his dick there he waited for Alex to get used to the feeling. When he felt he was relaxed enough he pulled back out and then pushed back in slowly. Keeping up this rhythm, he moved for a few minutes. 

After twenty strokes, Alex started to enjoy the feeling. Moving his hips back a little he started to fuck back onto Jack's dick. Jack realizing this pulled himself all the way out until only the head was in. Placing both his hands on Alex's hips he slammed himself back in.

UNNNHHHH.

Alex so surprised from the action grunted out in both pain and pleasure. 

Jack continuing to move in and out noticed that Alex wasn't making a lot of noise. Moving around his own hips he tried to change position trying to find something specific.

UNNNHHHHH. 

This time it was just pure pleasure. Jack had hit what he had been looking for he hit Alex's prostate. Staying in that position, Jack continued to fuck Alex at that pace. Hammering in and out of his ass, Jack was getting really close to shooting his load. 

Alex was in pleasure town. His dick was pulsing in his jockstrap and was pushing so much pre-cum that he could already feel that his jockstrap was soaked through. Alex was also getting close to the brink. 

Unnhhh.

UNNhhh.

UNNNHHHHH.

Alex had finally cum in his jockstrap without being touched at all. Slumping on the table Alex just enjoyed his father still fucking his ass.

Jack had felt Alex cumming from the sudden tightening of his ass muscles around his dick. 

This sent him off the edge a couple strokes after Alex.

Cumming inside Alex's ass Jack continued fucking him until he had shot all loads deep inside. 

Pulling out his dick he grabbed a butt plug and inserted it into his ass to keep as much cum as possible in ass.

Just as Jack was finishing with that he heard some noise upstairs.

Jack: "Looks like your brother is home. I'm going to go grab him and see if he wants to fuck you to. But before he does I just might fuck you again, then him and then maybe you can fuck him too."

Alex hearing his plan got hard again. Then when he glanced at his father's dick he saw it was in fact hard again and could go for another round.

Leaving Alex tied to the table he walked back to the door. Grabbing a washcloth he cleaned off his dick and put back on his sweatpants. Opening up the door, he turned back around and looked back at Alex.

Jack: "Be right back."

Alex just watched as the door closed and tried to get more comfortable on the table but he was tied to it and couldn't do much anyway. Plus whenever he moved the butt plug moved to and felt weird.

Not moving anymore he just waited until his father came back and waited for whatever is going to happen with his newly revived cock.