 Jack closed the door to the room and headed up the stairs. When he entered the kitchen he paused and listened to where Jake could have gone. Hearing a thump upstairs he figured it out pretty quick. Sitting at the Kitchen table he waited for Jake to come back down.

~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.

Jake had just gotten home and went up to his room immediately. Opening up the new packet of jockstraps, he grabbed a black one and put it on along with a pair of sweatpants. Throwing on a white V-neck Jake headed back down to the kitchen. 

When Jake walked into the kitchen he saw his father sitting at the table without a shirt on. If he looked close enough he could see a slight sheen of sweat on his skin. Walking over to him he grabbed a seat at the table next to him.

Jack: "Did you get enough jockstraps at the store?"

Jake: "Yeah. I just went up to my bedroom and changed into a new one."

Jack: "Good. Now are you ready to have some fun."

Jake: "Sure. Whatever you say."

Jack: "Now, you have to know that your brother found out what is going on when we had that little scene on the couch yesterday."

The minute Jake heard that all the color drained from his face.

Jack: "Don't worry your brother came and talked to me today. We have agreed on a little arraignment. Your brother is going to join us. So let's go have fun."

With that Jack got up and headed towards the basement stairs. Opening up the door to the room Jack kept off the lights except for ones right at the doorway.

Jack: "Take off your clothes and put them in one 

of the buckets. Leave on the jockstrap."

While Jake was once again taking off his clothes, Jack was also taking off the sweatpants that he was wearing. During the time that he was waiting for Jake his partial hard on that he had went away.

Jake: "So what are we doing today?"

Instead of responding Jack turned on the lights. Smirking he started to walk over towards the table where Alex was still tied down. 

When Jake spotted Alex tied down to the table his jaw dropped down to the ground and his dick started to get hard.

Jack: "Your brother decided to join in our fun. I have already fucked him and I must say his ass could rival yours. Now I want you to take out your dick, remove the ball gag from his mouth and get him to start sucking your dick." 

Jake's dick started hardening when he heard that. Walking towards Alex, Jake stared into his eyes. Alex was looking at him in slight fear and apprehension. Jake walked around the table and stood right in front of Alex's face. The gap between the table and the wall was very slim so he could just lean against the wall if the pleasure becomes too great. Standing in front of Alex, Jake wasn't too sure what he should do right then.

Jack: "Just unstrap the ball gag and remove it gently from his mouth. Then just pull your jockstrap to the side and let your dick hang out. Then place it in front of his mouth."

Jake listening moved his hands towards the straps around Alex's head. Finding the buckle he started to gently remove the ball gag. The gag made a slight popping noise when it was removed from his mouth.

Alex: "I thought you were going to let me fuck Jake?"

SMACK

Jack: "I told you that I was in charge. Do not question me again. Now you are going to suck Jake's cock and then he is going to fuck you and you are going to love it and learn your place in this situation."

Alex just nodded his head. A little bit in fear of getting slapped on the ass again. Mostly it was lust from the domination his father was showcasing over him and his brother. Turning his head back towards Jake, he noticed that Jake had moved his jockstrap to the side and his cock was jutting out in front of him hard. Apparently he wasn't the only one turned on by their father's assertion over them. 

Jake moved completely in front of Alex's head and was waiting at the entrance of his mouth. After a couple of seconds Alex gave in and opened his mouth for Jake to enter.

Jake started to push into his mouth and was only partially the way in. Alex was starting to get into it though. Doing as best as he could in the position he was tied down in he started bobbing up and down on his cock. Moving his head back so that only the tip of Jake's cock was in his mouth, he started moving his tongue around the head. Jake was just leaning against the wall enjoying the sensation. Alex started moving up and down the rest of the length. Alex knew he couldn't deep throat the dick but he was going to try anyway. Moving down the length he got towards the end and right when the tip hit the back of his throat he started gagging. Moving a little off the dick he started to move back down. This time he learned and somehow found a way to suppress his gag reflex. Deep throating Jake's cock was such a wonderful sensation for Alex that he started to moan.

The vibrations of Alex moaning was too much for Jake, that he all of a sudden grabbed onto Alex's, held it into place and started face fucking his mouth. He wasn't deep throating his mouth but he was going far enough in that it was getting a little uncomfortable for Alex. Alex started moaning trying to get Jake's attention but nothing was working. 

After five minutes of getting face fucked Jake was on the verge of shooting into Alex's mouth.

"Jake. Jake. JAKE."

Hearing Jack's voice Jake stopped face fucking Alex and just held still buried in Alex's mouth. Alex was a little out of it because of all the lust overriding the brain that he didn't even notice that Jake had stopped at all.

Jake: "Yeah, dad?"

Jack: "You don't want to come too early. You're going to have to pull out of his mouth and then come back here and fuck him."

Jake: "Will I get to fuck him often?"

Jack: "That depends. He also wants to fuck you, you know."

Jake: "Ok I'll come back there and fuck him now."

Jake started to pull out of Alex's mouth. Alex didn't even notice because he was so out of it. Jake walked around to Alex's ass and started tapping on the butt plug. Grabbing onto the end he started to pull the plug out. Feeling the plug being pulled out, Alex started coming back down to Earth. Moaning out loud Alex laid his down on the table and shut his eyes. Once the plug was all the way out of Alex's ass, Jake stuck one finger in to see how loose his ass was. The first went in easy, so did the second. The third had a little bit of resistance. Scissoring open his fingers he stretched open his ass more. Once he was able to do that with ease he grabbed the lube and covered his cock. Positioning his cock at the entrance he slowly started to enter Alex.

"OOOOHHHHH"

Yeah, Alex was feeling it, definitely. 

Jake entered him completely and waited for a couple seconds. Not being able to resist any longer he pulled all the way out and slammed back in. Keeping this up at a steady pace, he fucked Alex up the ass.

Jack enjoying the show so much needed to do something. And his hand was no longer working the way that it should. Giving up on stroking himself, he moved around the table and stood next to Alex's head. His erection was pointing out and lying next to Alex's head. The only problem was that Alex was facing the other way. Grabbing on to his head, he turned Alex's head back around until it was facing his cock. 

When Alex saw the cock he gasped. Jack used that opportunity to stick his pulsing rock hard dick into his mouth. Holding his head in place he started to slowly face fuck him. 

"OOHHHH, UUUUNNNNHHHH"

Alex was in pure ecstasy. He was getting plowed from behind while he was sucking a cock in the front. He would never admit it out loud but he loved the fact that his younger brother was fucking him from behind. He could still taste his ass juices, the lube, and his father's cum on his cock. He knew he should probably be repulsed by that but he was in too much pleasure to care at the moment. 

Jake was starting to pick-up speed with the fucking. He was getting really close to the brink. 

Jake: "I'm going to cum."

Jake was panting so hard that he was lucky it came out in one sentence. 

Jack: "Don't worry just keep going you got a whole ass you can fill with your sperm."

Nodding, Jake picked the speed once more. He was thrusting so hard that the table was starting to creak. He was grabbing Alex's hips so hard that he knew that there was going to be bruises there tomorrow. A couple more thrusts later he slammed back into Alex's ass and stayed flush with his skin as he spilled his sperm into him.

"AAAAHHHHH"

Jake was shaking so hard that he almost fell over. Well he did, he just fell over onto Alex. Waiting a couple minutes he held hid cock in there until it stopped pulsing and releasing cum up his ass. Finally he stopped and started pulling out.

Jack: "When you pull out, put the butt plug back in."

Not wanting to anger his dad, he quickly grabbed onto the butt plug and when his cock flopped free, he quickly reinserted the plug.

Alex: "OOOOHHHHH My ass is really sore do you have to put that back in there?"

Jack: "Yep, wouldn't want you to have to finish this without that cum sloshing around in you."

Jake: "What do you mean?"

Instead of answering Jack moved from behind the table and grabbed Jake. Bringing him back over to the swing he bent him over the swing so that he was also bent over doggy style. Walking from behind him he grabbed onto his wrists he quickly tied them above his head. Heading back over to Alex he quickly removed the iron bar from around his legs. Going back to Jake he fastened it around his ankles. Now that he was secured in place. Jack went over and untied Alex from the table. 

Jack: "Are you ready for what you wanted?"

Alex just nodded his head enthusiastically. He couldn't say much because his cock was still rock hard because he still hasn't cum yet despite being fucked twice. Releasing his cock from the jockstrap he moved towards Jake's head and put his cock head at the entrance. Jake opened up his mouth and started to take the cock into his mouth. Alex couldn't handle the time it would take for Jake to acclimate to his cock; he grabbed onto his head and started face fucking him. Going in slow and long strokes he was enjoying the sensation very much.

Jack was hard to and moved to Jake's ass. Since he was already lubed up from Alex, he took his index finger and started to insert it in his ass. Feeling that the ass was still loose from the night before, he quickly removed his finger and positioned his cock head at the entrance. Slowly pushing in he was met with little resistance from Jake's ass.

Alex was feeling good. When his father had entered his ass Jake had released a moan that sent vibrations up his cock. That felt really good. 

Jack was moving steadily, with long and slow strokes. He had a death grip on Jake's hips. Mostly it was to make sure that he wasn't moving a lot. The rest was to make sure that he didn't cum to fast. He was already close to the brink from when Alex was sucking him earlier. 

Knowing that he was going to cum soon, he started fucking Jake faster. His fingers were starting to lose their perch on his ass. The sweat was slicking up his fingers pretty well. Feeling that sensation he slammed into Jake one last time and started cumming up his ass. When he was completely empty he pulled out and walked up behind Alex.

Jack: "Your turn Alex. You get to fuck him now. Don't worry he is lubed up already."

Alex pulled out of Jake's mouth and started to head back towards his ass.

Jack: "Now you get to suck my cock clean once again. Hope you enjoy."

Jack placed his cock in front of Jake's mouth and he started to bob his head up down the cock.

Alex however was having fun down at Jake's ass. Wasting no time he shoved his cock in all the way to the hilt. He met no resistance. But as he waited the only thing he could do was wait for the immense pleasure to pass him by so that he didn't cum to soon. As soon as it passed he started moving in and out of his ass. His grip was a death grip on Jake's hips and didn't seem like it was going to loosen up any longer. Jake was going to have some serious bruises. 

It took a few minutes but Jack's cock was clean. Because of the multiple orgasms he has already had he was not going to be getting hard again tonight. Pulling away he went back over and started to put his pants back on. Once he was done with that, he went over to the table over on the side and grabbed a ball gag. Heading back over to Jake he went in front of him again and placed the ball gag into his mouth. Having the multiple orgasms catch up on him he walked over to the chairs on the side so that he could sit down and just watch. 

Alex was still going at it. At first he was enjoying watching Jake suck the cock as he was fucking him, but the moans that were coming out were just as exhilarating as well. No girl he has ever been with before was making noises like these before. Then when the ball gag was added and the moans were a little more forced and now between moans and grunts just added a new sense of pleasure. It was doing just a little bit too much and was seriously affecting him. Only ten minutes of fucking Jake and he was already close to coming. Knowing that he was getting close he grabbed harder onto the hips and started slamming into him with no mercy. The thrusts were getting shorter also. A few minutes later and he was coming into Jake's ass. As soon as he was done he was slowly still fucking his ass. He didn't notice that Jake was feeling the effects of his own orgasms that had happened at the same time. 

Pulling out Alex was just about to grab his cock when he noticed a butt plug in front of his face. Following the arm that was holding it he stared into Jack's eyes. Not completely comprehending what he was supposed to do, he kind of just stared at him with a dumbfounded expression. 

Jack: "Well come on and grab the butt plug and put it up his ass."

Moving right away he took the butt plug and put it up Jake's ass. Moving away he went to go stand on the side of the room as Jake untied Jake from the swing. He went to go sit down on a chair and that is when he remembered that he has his own butt plug up his ass. Feeling weird he managed to sit down as did Jake but he seemed more comfortable.

Jack: "As soon as you two can walk hurry up and put your clothes back on so that I can lock up the room. Then go shower. When you do I want you to remove the butt plugs at that time and suck them clean. After that then go get something to eat and we will discuss where we will go from here. And don't forget I am in charge here. This means that you are not to fuck each other unless I say so. Got it?"

Alex and Jake simply nodded and started to head to their clothing and put on their pants and shirts. After fixing their jockstraps, of course. Walking up the stairs they started to head to their separate bedrooms to take showers and to be the first into the bathroom. Alex got there first. Jake just sat down on the bed. Once he was lying on the bed he noticed that the ball gag was still in his mouth and he had completely forgot about it. Unstrapping it from his mouth he grabbed some of the Kleenex that is in his room and wiped it off and hid it under his mattress. Next time they had one of their sexcapades he will return it to the room.

Jack just locked up the room and took a quick shower to get rid of all the sweat that this afternoon brought. Heading down to the kitchen he made himself some food and waited for his sons to finish. All the while he started thinking about what would happen next.