 Mark was 19 and he was average. Everything about him was average. He was average height, average weight, average IQ and sick of it. After finishing 6th form college, Mark had decided to take a gap year before going on to University. He'd had it all planned. He'd sold his car, sold his guitar, worked cutting lawns for the old people near his house and ended his one-year relationship with his girlfriend. He was young, free and single and he had enough money to book himself on a to pretty much anywhere in the world.

Every penny Mark had raised for his trip was in cash. It was sitting in the back of his wardrobe, counted and ready. The only thing he had to do now was stick it in his bank account so that he could book everything and that was it. He was out of this crummy town for a year before going to Uni down south.

On Thursday morning, Mark put the money into an envelope along with his bank card and went downstairs. His mother heard him. "Where are you going at this time of day?" she asked him suspiciously, "I know you've quit working and you aren't seeing that dumb bitch anymore!" Marks mum had always hated his ex but if you asked him, it was because his mother didn't want anyone taking her boys attention off her.

"I'm going to the bank to drop that money off mum," Mark said through gritted teeth "Just like I told you last night." Mark heard his mother make a comment but didn't quite catch it. 'Evil old bitch' he thought to himself as he slammed the door on his way out.

Looking at his watch as he walked, Mark realised that he'd missed the bus into town. Since passing his driving test 2 years ago, he'd never got on a bus until he'd sold his car a week ago and he still couldn't manage to figure out the timetables! He decided that it was a nice enough day to walk, despite being the middle of November, and he could cut down the alley between his street and the one it backed onto and then through the rugby ground and cut a few minutes off his journey. Rugby had never interested Mark, the thought of having a bunch of sweaty blokes grabbing him and pulling him around did less than nothing for him. 'Give me football any day' he thought as he cut across the field and saw a couple of guys practicing tackles. Suddenly he heard a shout from the direction of the players and saw one of them jog towards him.

"What are you doing here? This is private property you know?" asked the guy.

"Sorry," replied Mark "I didn't realise, I thought I could cut through here to get into town...you always used to be able too but I've been driving for 2 years and you know how it is, the novelty doesn't wear off and before you know it, you don't know how to walk!"

Not normally a big talker, Mark was surprised to find himself chatting so easily with this guy but he figured that if he could make him laugh then he might get away with using this short cut.

"Are you new around here?" asked Tony (as the rugby player had introduced himself)

"Kinda," replied Mark "Me and my mum moved here about 3 years ago after my dad died. Too many memories back home but I miss it."

Before he knew what had happened, Mark found himself pouring out everything to this random stranger. He told him all about his fathers' death, his problems with his suffocating mother and his travelling plans.

"Fancy a drink?" said Tony "We've just finished training and I was going to have a walk into town and see if anyone was out."

"Fuck it, why not?" Mark was feeling oddly happy about the offer. It was almost as if he'd been asked out on a date! 'Get a grip' he thought 'You're behaving like a some weird homo'. It wasn't that Mark was homophobic, he just didn't really get the concept and found the thought of it faintly disgusting although he'd once looked up some videos on the 'net and thought about experimenting. His experiments ended after he'd tried fingering himself and figured that it wasn't worth the effort.

At 5 to 5 that afternoon, Mark and Tony rolled out of the pub and staggered up the high street to the bank. They reached it just as the doors were locked.

"Bollocks!" yelled Mark. Tony started laughing hysterically "What's so fucking funny?" Demanded Mark swinging towards his new friend and glaring at him.

"You're out with a rugby player mate, everyone knows we have funny shaped balls! Wanna see?" There was a pause for a couple of seconds while Mark turned this thought over in his mind. Suddenly he realised he was over thinking this, why the Hell would he want to see some other blokes nuts? He hoped that his silence could be blamed on the drink and Tony wouldn't figure out what he'd been thinking.

"Shut up you idiot, this is serious!"

Mark laughed as he said it still hoping that Tony wouldn't have noticed the pause. Tony had stopped laughing and was giving Mark a strange look. He reached out a hand as if he were going to grab Mark and then seemed to change his mind.

"I've got to go mate, got a match tomorrow and....well...y'know...stuff to do. I'll text you next week and we can go out for a drink or something." Tony walked off leaving Mark feeling a bit stunned and vaguely disappointed. 'What the fuck was that all about?' Mark asked himself.

Realising that he wasn't going to be able to sort out his cash until the following day, Mark started walking towards to bus stop. He was a few yards away when he saw the bus move away 'It's not my fucking day!'. It was dark and freezing cold but it was either wait here for 20 minutes freezing his nads off or do the 15 minute walk home 'At least if I'm walking I'll be warm!' Mark decided. When he reached the rugby ground, Mark checked to see if anyone was around before he jumped the fence. He figured if anyone said anything he could tell the he was a friend of Tony's and, hopefully, get away with it. There was no one around though 'Lucky old me' thought Mark as he crossed the field to the alley behind his house. Suddenly he heard a noise. It was the quiet kind of noise that someone makes when they're trying to be quiet. 'Idiot kids' Mark thought before heading down the alley. Within moments, Mark realised his mistake. He felt the cold pressure of a knife against his neck and a leather gloved hand slipped over his mouth.

"Don't make a sound," said a voice "Don't speak, don't move." The hand that had covered his mouth now started slipping down his body to his crotch. "If you do anything silly I'm going to squeeze, understand?"

"What's the knife for then?" demanded Mark.

"Insurance," came the reply "Now, you're going to hand me that envelope I saw you with in the pub tonight and you're going to do it now."

After the first defiance of asking what the knife was for, Marks confidence had left him and he fumbled to get the envelope out of his inside pocket. He realised that it had been stupid not putting some cash in his wallet. He'd had the whole damn lot out in front of everyone in the pub! With shaking hands, he passed the envelope behind him to the man with the knife.

"Please, please...don't hurt me." He begged. He'd never been mugged and he had no idea what the Hell was going to happen next.

"Hurt you? You've been such a good boy, I'm not going to hurt you." Came the reply. Without the knife ever moving from his neck, a blindfold was slid over Marks eyes. He felt himself being turned round. His fear mounted and he thought he was going to wet himself and then...he felt the lightest kiss on his lips. Mark jumped in surprise. He hadn't known what to expect but this certainly wasn't it! However, if the choice was kissing another man or having his throat cut, Mark would kiss him and like it!

After a few seconds, Mark heard a noise like a zip being unfastened and felt pressure on his shoulders. With a sinking feeling, he realised what his mugger wanted him to do. He wanted a blowjob and there was no way that Mark was going to get out of this.

"I've never done this before," he whimpered "I'm not gay, I don't know what to do."

"Well you'd better learn." Came the reply. Mark got to his knees and tried to remember what his girlfriend had done to him. He gave the cock in front of him a few, tentative licks. It wasn't too bad he thought. If he could get away with this and not have to do anything else, he'd be fine. He heard his attacker moan slightly and then whisper:

"Take it into your mouth and suck it bitch! I'm gonna cum easy or hard. This is easy, you don't want to know what the hard way is!"

Mark could figure out what the hard way was and there was no way he was doing that, knife or no knife. He took the semi-hard cock in his hand, closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He remembered his girlfriend going down on him and tried to do the same. He gently sucked on the head and then moved his mouth part way down the shaft and began moving his head back and forth. He desperately wanted to look up and see what his assailant was doing but knew that if he made a move towards the blindfold, he risked getting his throat cut.

He felt the man move slightly and hoped that he was nearly finished. He could taste pre-cum in his mouth and was convinced it wouldn't be long now. He sped up a bit to try and hurry the process up and felt the guys hand grip the back of his head, slowing him down. This bloke was going to drag it out! He was in the middle of an alley with people's bedroom windows looking down on him and this guy was making him go slower! There was nothing Mark could do but carry on. He tried letting his mind wander. He thought about his girlfriend and wondered if she had found giving blow jobs this bad. Surely not, surely she would have stopped if she didn't like it.

Suddenly he realised that his mind had drifted to Tony. He imagined it was Tony's hand on the back of his head, Tony's heavy breathing above him and Tony's long, hard cock sliding in and out of his mouth. The shock of realising he was fantasising about a man almost made him stop but a warning grunt from above made him carry on.

After several minutes, Mark felt the grip on his hair tighten and realised that his attacker was getting close to the edge. Before he knew it, the man was slamming his cock into Marks throat. He couldn't breathe and his gag reflex kicked in. He knew that if it didn't stop soon he would pass out. Stars burst in front of his vision and all he could hope for was that, once he had cum, the man would leave him alone. He prayed, for the first time ever, that his attacker would leave him alone if he collapsed and wouldn't do anything else.

All of a sudden he heard a shout "What the Hell do you think you're doing?!" His attacker pulled his cock out Marks mouth and ran. Mark collapsed on the ground, fighting against the urge to vomit and gasping for breath. Footsteps approached him and he heard a familiar voice say "Shit, Mark, what happened? Are you OK?" and felt the blindfold being lifted. He opened his eyes and looked straight into the eyes of the last person he had thought he was going to see...it was Tony.