 This party's great, Mike!" Brett shouted in Mike's ear over the loud music thumping through the speakers of his stereo. "I wish you could get a new place every week!" Brett smiled and patted him on the shoulder and danced off into the crowd of people in the room. 

Mike had invited all of his old collage friends to his house warming party. The old apartment he'd been living in had been a real dump. This was a larger, quite nicer one. 

This new place was very nice, actually. Exactly his style. Clean cut, classy, but still kind of cosy, in lack of a better word. He didn't have time to dwell over the matter, though, as his guests were busily tugging at him, wanting him to be everywhere at ones.

Justin eyed the crowd in the living room from his slightly higher position in the balcony doorway. The crisp night air cooled his back as the heat from inside warmed his face. His eyes had fallen on the host of the evening, Mike's mind-melting grin grazing everyone in his path as he made his way over to the drinks table. God, the boy was a sight for sore eyes… 

Justin's eyes left Mike temporarily to let them wander over the interior of the apartment he had gotten. It was a very nice place, with the kitchen, living room and balcony at the ground floor and an open stairwell leading to a loft where the open bedroom was looking over the living room. With the open fireplace and the huge panorama windows at the balcony, it made quite the place. It fit Mike to live in a place like this. Very masculine, but still with a lot of style and class.

The sound of a crash woke Justin out of his thoughts and his gaze sought the source. His eyes were met by the sight of Mike on his knees, picking up pieces of glass from the floor by the stairs. Justin put his own drink down and took some quick strides through the crowd over to the scene and bent down to help Mike.

"Be careful, there." He said as he picked up some glass at his feet. "Don't wanna be cutting your fingers of, now do we?"

The dark, rich voice woke Mike from his mantra of cursing himself and he looked up from his nice handiwork and met Justin's deep blue eyes.

"No, I guess not." He smiled at the unexpected help. The others were to busy with dancing, talking and laughing, so no one had offered to help him. Except Justin. "I feel so clumsy. There really wasn't any reason for me to drop the glasses to start with!" 

He balanced back on to his feet and stood as Justin did the same, assuming most of the shards had been removed from the floor. 

"Thank you! Really appreciate it!" Mike flashed Justin a grin and inclined his head backwards. 

"Follow me!" He held the pieces of glass in his cupped hands and turned to walk to the kitchen.

Justin followed Mike past their partying cast mates and put the glass in the bin Mike held out to him ones they'd reached the kitchen. Mike put the bin back in place under the sink and turned to Justin.

"So, what do you think of my new place, Justin?" He asked him as he leaned back and supported his hands on the edge of the sink, facing Justin. Justin crossed his arms in front of his chest comfortably and put his weight on his left leg, giving his hips a nice tilt. Mike noticed and swallowed quickly, his gaze returning to meet Justin's.

"Well… I was just thinking back there how much I liked it. It's very…Mike!" He flashed him a grin and gesticulated with one of his hands in front of him to emphasize the point. Mike returned the grin and nodded.

"Yeah, it is, isn't it?" He chuckled and lifted his wrist to get a look at the time. "I guess the others like it too… It's past 3.15, for Christ sake! I'm never getting these people out of here!" he said in mock despair and rolled his eyes at the crowd they could see through the wide kitchen door way. Justin chuckled.

"Well, just let me know if you need any help throwing any of them out the door. I'd be happy to assist you!" He smiled, padded Mike's upper arm gently and threw him a wink before leaving the kitchen to head for the balcony again, not knowing why he suddenly felt like he was in desperate need for air.

Mike followed Justin's retreating form with his eyes and felt kind of left alone. The spot where Justin had touched him still tingled and he felt goose bumps rise all over his body. He tried to tell himself that this was insane. 

The possibility of Justin returning his feelings where at the absolute minimum. He'd developed this crush on Justin since their first meeting as room mates in college and it didn't show any signs of being lessened with time. Quite the opposite, actually. The broad shouldered, proud, dark beauty that was Justin seemed to be crowding his thoughts more and more lately. 

He shrugged off that line of thought and returned to the living room.

The first person he got hold on was Brett.

"Hi, Brett! Having a good time? Excellent! Hey, don't wanna sound rude, but don't you think you should be getting yourself home soon?" He smiled at him and before Brett had a chance to reply, he added "And be sure to get some of the other guys with you!" 


Mike padded his shoulder. "Great! Thanks, buddy!" He left Brett standing and continued his path into the crowd. Brett snorted and muttered under his breath, shaking his head slightly.

Justin had seated himself on the balcony with a fresh drink in hand. He sighed and closed his eyes as he leaned back into the comfortable chair and took a long draught of his quite potent drink. He was all alone out in the brisk night air, his thoughts returning to the boy his mind had seemed to have fixated itself on lately. The expressive brown eyes, slim body and that cute tussle of hair on his head… My, my… What a beauty he was.

He could hear the volume of the music lower inside the apartment and looked over his shoulder. He saw Mike and it looked like he was trying to get people out, without being too pushy.

Justin got up from his seat and slowly followed the steady stream of merry party participants towards the front door, where Mike was standing, hugging people and waving them off. Most of the guests had left, when it was Justin's turn to say goodnight to Mike.

"Terrific party, Mikie! Got to do it again some time!" He smiled at Mike, who smiled back. "But now I guess I'd better get going…" He started to walk through the door, when suddenly Mike took hold of his arm and drew him back inside.

"No, stay!" When Justin's eyebrows lifted questionably, Mike realized how that had come out and abruptly let go of his arm. 

"I mean… I was hoping someone could stay and keep me company while I cleared up the worst of the mess in here… I mean, if it's not too much to ask… I could fix you a cup of coffee or tee or…" He smiled shyly and lowered his face a little, looking at his feet in embarrassment.

"Of course I'll stay! I'll even help you with the clearing! And a cup of coffee sounds great…" Justin smiled when Mike lifted his head and grinned widely at him. 

How could he deny the incredibly beautiful man anything? And besides…the prospect of being really alone with Mike for the first time since his realisation, and it was something he didn't want to miss! 

As the last of the guests left Mike's apartment, Justin started to pick up glasses and cocktail napkins. Mike closed the door, leaned against it and sighed heavily.

"God, I never thought they'd leave!" He chuckled as he walked up to the stereo and put on some mixed CD with slow songs he had gotten from a friend ones. 

He looked over to the other side of the room, where Justin was busy scraping peanuts of the snack table into the bin he held in his hand and Mike drank in the sight of the very nice behind presented to him. 

He shook his head, smiling slightly and started picking up the empty beer bottles standing on the nearest table. They went about in the apartment and managed to get it pretty much in shape again, except for the dishes… That, Mike would have to deal with in the morning.

"Go get yourself comfortable and I'll put on the coffee!" Mike waived Justin out on the balcony, dimmed the lighting and headed for the kitchen. 

Justin sat in the chair he had left earlier and glanced at his wrist watch. It was nearing 4.00 a.m. No point in going home and getting to bed at this hour. If you're awake now, you might as well be awake the rest of the day, he thought as he sat and watched the stars. 

After a while, Mike arrived with two mugs in hand and handed one to Justin.

Mike seated himself in the chair next to Justin. Mike blew at his coffee and took a small sip, almost burning his lips.

"Thank you…" Justin said and turned to look at the sky again. "It's quite the view you've got here." He inclined his head at the scene in front of them and Mike made a sound of agreement. 

"Yeah, it is…" 

A couple of minutes passed quietly between them as they listened to the music coming from inside and taking in their surroundings. 

Mike didn't know if it was because of the warm coffee he was drinking or Justin's presence, but he felt himself heat up slightly from inside. 

It was nice, having Mike this close, yet it wasn't close enough. Or at least that was what Justin's body was constantly reminding him of. The urge to reach over and pull Mike closer and snuggle up with him was getting unbearable. 

Or maybe he could be brave enough to steel a kiss from his lips before he left… His line of thought was interrupted when Mike spoke again.

"Oh, I love this song… Listen…" Justin listened to the song playing on the stereo inside. It was a slow, relaxing beat that met his ears and a bright female voice started singing, giving it a sexy feeling.

"I think I've heard it before…but I don't remember where."

"It's from the ‘City of Angels'…"

"Yeah, that's right…" Justin trailed off as he tried to hear the text.

At that instant, Mike made a desition. *It's now or never* he thought to himself before taking a deep breath, going for the dive.

"Come." Mike took the cup from Justin's hands and set it down on a small coffee table next to his own and stood up.

"Where are we going?" Justin looked up at Mike with a questioning look on his face.

"Just…come." Mike offered his hand and Justin took it, standing up and following Justin inside. 

The room was dark except for a couple of lights that lit up the corners. Mike stopped in the middle of the room and turned to face Justin. He still held his hand as he said "Dance with me."

"I'm sorry… What?" Justin must have heard him wrong. Mike couldn't just have asked him to dance with him.

"Please, Justin. Dance with me…" Mike was looking pleadingly into Justin's eyes. "…just this song…" 

A thrill shot up Justin's spine as Mike stepped in closer and took hold of both of his hands and placed them around his slim waist, resting them on his hips. Mike then slowly drew his own hands up along Justin's arms and wound them around his neck, never breaking their gaze.

They were exactly the same height, their faces hovering close. 

Mike slowly started swaying his hips and leaned in to rest his chin on Justin's strong shoulder. Justin's heart beat sped up and he swallowed hard. 

He slowly followed Mike's example, swaying his hips from side to side and tightened his arms a little, wanting to feel Mike closer, the heat from their bodies intermingling. Mike's sweet breath tickled his neck and he closed his eyes.

This was really something! Mike had known that it would feel this good, having Justin this close. 

As they slowly turned on the spot to the beat of the music, he carefully inhaled the intoxicating scent that surrounded Justin. Justin's scent. My God, that he even dared to do this! He never thought he'd have the courage to ask, but this felt so right. So good. 

Mike felt Justin pull them closer together and relaxed more into their embrace, leaning more fully against Justin's body, their hips brushing together slightly at times. 

The seducing song that surrounded them seemed to make Mike bolder than usual and he carefully started to draw small, feathery light circles with his fingers on Justin's neck. He noticed goose bumps rising lightly under his fingertips and he felt a shiver pass through Justin's body. 

He himself had to bite his lip to keep from uttering a low moan when the hands resting around his waist started to move of their own accord, slowly, oh, so slowly, creeping down the small of his back and sliding down the round of his bottom, coming to rest there. 

Mike lifted his chin from Justin's shoulder and leaned back to look at him. 

When their eyes met, he saw want in Justin's eyes that he knew mirrored his own. His pupils were almost covering the blue of his eyes and they shone with what Mike could only describe as lust. 

Without conscious thought, Mike's tongue came out to wet his lips and his heart skipped a beat when he saw Justin's eyes follow the movement, then dart up to focus on Mike's eyes again. 

They had stopped moving, but the music was still beating, a daze in the background as blood surged in Mike's ears. 

"Justin…" he whispered. The rest went like in slow-motion. He forgot to breath when Justin leaned in and pressed his lips against Mike's in what would be their first kiss. 

Mike sighed and opened his mouth to welcome the moist tongue that lapped at his lips. They moaned simultaneously as their tongues met and Mike's eyes drifted shut. 

He tightened his hold on Justin's neck as the teasing tongue coaxed his own to follow in their own private dance, caressing each other. Justin was kissing him in way that he'd never been kissed before. Demanding and needy, yet very soft and careful.

It was unbelievably sexy and he could feel his awakening cock pulsate with need. This was ‘being swept away'.

Mike was everything he'd ever dreamed of. Innocent, yielding and incredibly sweet, both in taste and in his responses. 

Justin carefully squeezed the firm cheeks in his hands and his knees went weak when the sweetest whimper escaped Mike's lips. He wanted to feel Mike fully against him, and with a quiet groan he gave a quick flex to his wrists, which caused their hard erections to crash together.

The keen cry that erupted from Mike at the sudden contact caused them to break their kiss.

"Holy shit!" Mike panted as he tried to regain some of his stolen breath. He was looking at Justin with wide eyes, as if in astonishment. A smile grazed Justin's features.

"I quite agree." he said in a voice darkened by arousal. "I've wanted to do that for the longest time now…" Mike blinked.

"You have?" He hadn't exactly been oblivious to the flirting he had gotten from Justin, but he hadn't dared to think that it ever meant something, that his feelings could be returned.

"Yes, I have." Justin smiled wickedly, unconsciously making himself, if possible, even more sexy.

"Me too…" Mike gave him a small smile before he leaned in and captured Justin's lips again. 

As they melted into another kiss, their hands started roaming over each others bodies. Mike's left hand massaged Justin's shoulder, while the other tangled it's fingers in his soft, dark hair, caressing his scalp. 

Justin's hands found their way in under the hem of Mike's shirt and caressed a strong back covered with the softest skin he'd ever touched. 

All the time they were grinding their hips together, Mike stroking himself like a cat against Justin, a moan escaping them both every time they felt the press of the others hardness. 

Mike's world was spinning out of control, and finally he had to break away from the kiss so he wouldn't black out from all the sensations. He leaned his forehead against Justin's to catch his breath.

"My god… This is amazing!" Justin said breathlessly as Mike panted with a slightly open mouth.

"I know what would make it even better!" Mike said in a low voice, meeting Justin's gaze steadily. 

He leaned in and gave Justin's ear a feathery light kiss, whispering. "Make love to me, Justin… Please." 

A wave of warmth flowed through Justin at hearing those words from Mike. The thought of them being together made his stomach contract deliciously and made him deliriously happy.

But he was not laughing. He was looking at the young man in his arms with hot intensity, and it seemed to make Mike a little unsure. When Justin spoke again, it was with utter seriousness.

"Yes." He said simply, yet it was obvious how much he needed it too. "Yes, Mike, I will. God knows how much I want to." He leaned in and captured Mike's lips again, and this time the kiss held a promise.

A promise of pleasure, given and taken. It made Mike clutch at Justin's shoulders and moan weakly. 

Justin's hands roamed lower and he dipped two fingers under the waistband of Mike's jeans and into his boxers. He caressed the sensitive area just above the curve of round, firm buttocks, his touch whispering across the little dimples there, lightly tracing the beginnings of the path between Mike's cheeks. 

Mike whimpered helplessly, enjoying the light, yet very arousing, touch. He broke the kiss and gasped as another hand crept to the front of his pants to cup his painfully hard cock.

"Come." Justin smiled at the sight of a Mike with lips swollen from kissing and a glazed pair of eyes. "Let's get to bed before we're unable to move from the spot!"

The bed was reached with frantic kissing up the stairs, fumbling with buttons and clothes flying through the air. 

Finally, they stood beside Mike's big bed and looked at each other. Mike's lips formed into a teasing smile as he sat down on the edge of the bed. He held Justin's gaze as he slowly slid further into the middle. 

The vision of Mike lying wantonly on a bed, his elbows supporting him, a knee drawn up slightly, a bulge showing in his boxers, his eyes still locked on Justin's, was the most erotic thing Justin had ever seen. 

A groan escaped his lips as he leaned down and started to crawl towards Mike, never breaking their eye contact. 

Mike watched with hungry eyes as Justin drew closer, the fine muscles flexing in his chest. He crawled until he hovered over Mike, leaned down and captured his lips in a slow seducing kiss. 

Mike's muscles went week, and with a moan he reached his hands up and held Justin's neck as he slowly settled his head down against the covers. Justin lowered himself and covered Mike's body with his own.

It felt good, having the weight of Justin's body pushing him further into the mattress and he spread his legs so that Justin could settle between them.

When Justin's lower body sank in between Mike's open legs, their erections met unyieldingly, a moan escaping them both. Justin slowly broke their kiss and looked down at Mike, a teasing smile grazing his lips as he rolled his hips slowly, sliding his hard cock over Mike's. 

The sensation was great, even though they still had their boxers on.

"Mmmmm." Mike moaned and slowly slid his hands down Justin's back. 

"D'you like that?" he asked teasingly, his eyes glittering with mirth.

"Uh-huh!" Mike panted and nodded. He reached into Justin's boxers and caressed smooth cheeks, feeling the strong muscles flex as Justin moved over him. 

He clasped the flesh in his hands and pushed down, pressing Justin hard against him. Justin drew a gasp of pleasure as his eyes drifted shut.

He kept up the movement as he started to kiss his way down Mike's neck, lapping at a very tempting collarbone. Mike closed his eyes and enjoyed everything Justin was doing to his body. And right now, his body was on fire.

Justin continued his exploration of Mike's beautiful, slim body and soon found a nipple to worship. As his tongue teased the peaked nipple, his hands went on their own route down the body that writhed under him. 

They stopped to rest at the hips and when Justin's mouth continued down Mike's lightly muscled stomach, he hooked two fingers under the waistband of the boxers and slowly slid them down and off his legs. Mike gasped when his erection sprang free.
