 FELLATIO CAFÉ: A SECOND HELPING

This story was edited by 'RedGirl'

It had not even been twenty four hours, but I couldn't keep myself away from Alan. Our first encounter had been one of the most thrilling sexual experiences of my life, and I couldn't wait to get my hands (and mouth) on his beautiful cock. I showered and shaved and put on a pair of shorts (no underwear) and a tank top. I slipped on some sandals and headed to the Fellatio Café. 

I walked into Alan's coffee shop right before closing, as I had done the night before, only to find a handful of customers there. Alan was, again, behind the counter, and he greeted me with a welcoming mischievous smile. We chatted briefly as I sat at the counter, both of us happy to see each other again. 

Alan was again dressed comfortably in jeans and a t-shirt. I admired his torso as he attended to his few remaining customers while I waited. There weren't that many people left – a couple in a corner booth, a young guy at another table, and a middle-aged gentleman at the other end of the counter. 

After some time, the young guy left, as well as the couple. The other guy didn't look like he was going anywhere as he sat quietly drinking his coffee. I was getting anxious – I needed some cock. Alan starting closing up shop, closing the curtains and locking the front door--I was hoping this would get our last remaining customer out of here, so Alan and I could get to business. 

But Alan had other ideas – with a naughty glance, he introduced me to our remaining patron (and his friend) – Mark. I had been too preoccupied to notice before, but Mark was an attractive guy. Like Alan, he was tall and fit and he wore snug, flattering jeans. He had a bigger frame than Alan, however, and his reddish-brown hair was much thicker. He had a friendly, clean-shaven face and his blue eyes gave him a thoughtful demeanor. His handshake was firm and his smile genuine. 

Mark and I sat next to each other and amicably chatted, our introduction an obvious sexual setup by Alan. I noticed Mark's large masculine hands, seemingly double the size of my smallish hands. His shoes were also quite large, perhaps a size 13, dwarfing my size 8 sandals. Could the rest of him be so large? I was hoping to find out. 

Alan continued to clean up as Mark and I waited – our conversation stilted in awkward silence. Alan soon joined us – he placed a small bowl of vanilla ice cream in front of me and topped it with a generous helping of whipped cream. 

"Show Mark how you like to eat ice cream," Alan said with a sexy smile. 

I smiled a shy embarrassed smile, but was excited by Alan's encouragement. Emboldened, I scooped some ice cream onto a spoon and gave my new friend a show – being even bolder than I was the night before. I licked the spoon like a cock, twirling and flicking my tongue as I maintained eye contact with Mark. I cleaned the spoon dry, save for a few drops that I suggestively let run down my chin. 

Mark didn't need any more encouragement. He very quickly undressed, tossing his shirt and jeans to the side as he released his extraordinary penis. I have been an active cock-sucker for almost ten years, and I had never seen a member like this. It was as thick as Alan's but considerably longer, easily ten inches. 

My jaw literally dropped, my eyes fixated on this masterpiece of manhood. Mark stood up, his cock eagerly pointing at me. I dropped to my knees, mesmerized. 

I slowly kissed the head of his penis, working my way down his shaft inch by inch – savoring the sensation on my lips. His balls, proportionate to his cock, were large and inviting, and unlike Alan, his cock and balls were shaved clean. I enjoyed the smooth skin of his ball-sac with my tongue, caressing each testicle with my lips while gently stroking his cock. 

I was so engrossed in Mark's cock that I had almost forgotten about Alan. I was reminded of his presence, however, when I felt his cock on my shoulder. I turned around to see Alan standing behind me, naked and smiling, his cock hard. If there is anything better than sucking a cock, it's sucking two cocks! 

I quickly slipped out of my sandals and undressed, using my clothes as a cushion for my knees. My six inch member was free and hard as I attended to the two larger cocks in front of me. Alternating between leisurely and frantic, I spent the next twenty minutes or so kissing, licking, stroking, and sucking Alan and Mark. It was a magnificent sensual delight, and it left my well hung friends ready to burst. 

I was more than ready to take their loads right there and then, but Alan, again, had a better idea. Using all of our clothes as a makeshift sheet, he had me lay down on the counter. He then straddled me, positioning his cock in front of my face. Mark stood on a step-stool behind the counter, his cock directly to my right. 

Alan fucked my face as Mark gently slapped my cheek with his cock. As Alan's body tensed, I opened my mouth even wider, hoping to take in every last drop. As he came, I swallowed quickly, but couldn't take it all. Cum dripped down my chin as Alan pulled out of my mouth. 

Mark quickly took Alan's place. I turned my head to face him as he gently fucked my mouth – his big cock hitting the inside of my cheek with each stroke. I made eye contact with Mark and this must have sent him over the edge. 

His orgasm was as enormous as his penis was large. Seemingly rivers of cum flew out of his cock, filling my mouth quickly and causing me to gag. It poured out of my mouth and coated my lips and chin like paint. 

Mark kept his slowly-softening cock in my mouth as Alan playfully slapped his semi-flaccid penis against my chin. Beads of cum splashed onto my chest. 

As I walked home that night, I felt deliciously lewd--the distinct taste of semen still in my mouth. I no doubt would see Alan and Mark again – and who knows? Maybe next time they'll have another friend waiting for me.