 Sighing as I walked through the woods I realised there was a deathly calm feeling about the night that was unnerving to me. Whenever the woods where this quiet and calm it meant something was coming and that something was usually trouble. As I walked closer and closer to the ancient tree of our world it began to take shape, it took the shape of a young woman and she smiled and said to me as I bowed to my knees "Cyric why are you bowing, you are my child you do not bow" 

I smiled and said a I looked up at the woman "your are the wisest Fayerye in our world, I show respect where it is granted and earned.............momma" 

She smiled and said as she held out her hand for me "come my child there is much for us to discuss this night" 

I nodded and replied as I rose up "indeed there is momma".

We walked along the silvery waters near her home and she sighed and said softly "soon he will be free and soon he will come for you my darling" 

I nodded and replied "I know momma but what am I to do, a deal is a deal, grandmother made the spell so that he would be trapped in the cave for the last twenty years and that when he was free he could take them as his lover, I must abide by the rules of the deal"

She sighed and said softly as we sat near the water, letting our feet rest into the soothing warm water "I know but I'm your mother child, it is my job to worry about you, in any situation, and this one is a very worrying one to me indeed" 

"Momma I am the most powerful earth fayerye ever to live, you know this as do the sidhe, they told you this whilst you where pregnant with me and they told me once I reached my eleventh birthday, I have been trained by them to use and own my power to its fullest, what ever I face I will be safe and protected by nature herself, I know this to be true" 

She nodded and replied "I know darling but I still worry about you, your still just a child your to young for what has come to pass" 

"Momma I'm eighteen I'm hardly a child any more" I said softly.

She smiled and replied "I know, are you sure you are ready?"

I nodded ad said softly "yes momma I'm sure" 

"that is good, the day after tomorrow it will happen, that night your life will change forever my darling boy" she replied. 

I sighed and said softly "I understand momma, I better get back master Bowen does not like it when I am out to late" she nodded and replied as we walked back to her home "I understand, I will see you tomorrow at the gathering" as she said this she took he place where the tree had been and transformed back into it, I smiled an said softly "see you at the gathering momma, I love you" and with that I headed back home.

  A long time ago their lived a fayerye who had the element of fire. His name was Ciaran. He was so powerful that everyone was scared of him, even his own family, there was one person whoever who wasn't scared of him. His lover, they had been lovers for almost five years and the young fayerye was able to make Ciaran do anything for him. One day the young fayerye took Ciaran to the cave where they first met and a dark witch entombed him. Ciaran cried in anger and pain as he saw his lover kiss the witch on the lips, that was the last image Ciaran ever saw before darkness overwhelmed him and he was imprisoned. Ten years later my grandmother made a small crack in the cave and made a deal with Ciaran, if she set him free in twenty years then she would give him a new lover, but the deal was that Ciaran would have to live in the cave, he would be able to come out any enjoy the forest as usual but he still had to live in the cave for his home. He had agreed and asked my grandmother to make sure no one imprisoned him again, and that the lover wouldn't do what his old one had, she agreed and the deal was struck. 

  My name is Cyric and I am nineteen years old. My mother is one of the wisest fayerye to ever live and she is also one of the most powerful tree spirits. She has the power to turn into a tree and also has the power to communicate with them. My father was killed when I was sixteen by the witch who had imprisoned Ciaran but not before he also killed the witch. I am 5'8 and my hair is a dark purple that goes down to my waist. I have lavender eyes and a slim toned body. My skin is pale to and seems to add to the "beauty" that people say I have. When I was thirteen my grandmother told me off the deal and I didn't even flinch, I said that I understood and would accept it when the time came. She smiled at me and said that she was proud of me for accepting it; I just laughed and said what choice did I have?

My life as out of my hands the moment I came into this world ad there was nothing I could do about it. 



The home I lived in was one of the oldest willow trees in our land, I lived here with my teachers and the Sidhe, the house itself was build inside of the tree and my windows allowed me to climb onto the big branches and sit comfortably on them. I sighed happily as I pushed the door open and then walked up to my room. 

When I got to the top of the stairs I was stopped by one of the sidhe. His name was Silver and he was the same height at me, at 5'10. He had long silver hair down to his knees and dark grey eyes mixed with gold. 

He smiled as he saw me and said softly "my friend how are you" 

"I'm well master Silver how are you?" I said softly. 

"Well also, how is your mother" he replied.

"She is fine but nervous she is worried the day after tomorrow" I said with a smile. He nodded and said softly "I understand I am to worried for you, your so young and you should not have to go through this"

I smiled and replied "I'm fine with it, honestly." 

Neither one of us said anything for a while. I sighed softly after a while and said softly "is he truly that bad?" 

Silver sighed and said softly "in truth to the person he cares about no he is not, but to anyone who crosses him and angers him yes. So do your best not to ager him my young friend" 

I nodded and replied "I understand, thank you master Silver for telling me a little about him, no one else seems o want to"

He smiled gently and said "it's my pleasure Cyric sweet dreams" 

I smiled and replied as we began to part ways "sweet dreams master Silver."

Later that night I was sitting in the tree branches outside my room when one of my mentors, a man named Master Bowen came into the room. Master Bowen was an earth fayerye like myself, he was taller then me at 6'2 and he had a slim build and a tanned skin, he had deep greens eyes and jet black hair which also had strikes of dark green through it. 

He smiled and said as he saw me "how was the meeting with you mother child how was she?" 

"She was fin thank you and it was ok master Bowen, how was your evening how was the meeting with the other Masters?" I said.

"I'm glad and it was eventful lets put it that way" he replied.

"How come?" I asked.

"It has been must of debate between us fayerye and the sidhe about wither or not we should indeed let you go through with the bargain your grandmother struck" I nodded and replied "my mother and I have had the same discussion, I will tell you what I told her master Bowen, I must honour the arrangements of the deal my grandmother made, despite who doesn't want me to I will go through with it" 

He nodded and said "you are indeed your mothers son, as stubborn as her and as will powered" 

I smiled and replied after I heard this "yes so I have been told, has anything else happened tonight?" 

"No just the usual meetings and such" he replied. I nodded and said as I climbed back into my room and pulled my window shut "ok well I'm going to bed Bowen" 

"Goodnight my friend" he replied "good night" I said a he left me alone. 

I sighed softly as I looked at myself in the mirror, my pale skin seemed to be paler and my dark purple hair looked a mess, my eyes were reddened as apposed to their normal lavender colour. I sighed once more and then stepped under the water and began to shower. 

When I got out of the shower I gasped as a voice flew into the room on the wind "soon precious, soon" I sighed and said softly "I know". I sighed once more and then went to bed and fell into a deep slumber.



The next morning I woke up and sighed and pushed the satin sheets off of my body and pushed my feet to the floor and sat up. Just like last night a voice say as the wind flew into my room "precious" 

I laughed and said "ok this is strange even for Fayerye standards" just as I said this master Silver came into my room. I smiled and he smiled back at me and said "I have an idea" 

"What is it?" I replied. 

He smiled and said "you and I are going dragon riding" I stared at him open mouthed and he laughed and said "you are going to catch flies with your mouth open like that" I laughed and said "when are we going" 

"As soon as you are ready my friend" he replied,

I smiled and said "I'll take a shower and then come find you when I'm ready Master Silver"

"As you wish see you soon my friend" he replied. I smiled and then went and got into the shower as Silver left. 

I smiled softly and happily as the water hit my skin; it felt so soothing and relaxing. I sighed softly once more and stepped out of the shower when the water stopped running. As I got dressed I decided to wear my black silk robe. I stepped into my robe and then went to find Master Silver. 



When I fount Mater Silver he smiled and said as he saw me coming towards him "all ready to go"

I nodded and replied "yes lets go" he smiled and then said as to dragons descended behind him "you can ride the white one, his name is Julo" I smiled as I looked at the white dragon and said to it "nice to meet you Julo" 

"Nice to meet you also Cyric, have you ridden a dragon before?" he said using their psychic link.

"Not since I was younger but I have a griffin and have ridden her well over a dozen of times" I replied. 

"Well then hold on to the handles on my saddle and you should be fine" he replied to which I smiled and the mounted him. I did as he said and gripped the handles tightly and gasped as we flew up into the air. 



Flying on a dragon was nothing like flying on a griffin, Dragons where much faster. Julo did a number of twists, swirls and dives as we flew that he had me laughing breathlessly at one point. I smiled as I looked at Master Silver, he smiled back ad said "enjoying the ride?" 

"Defiantly, are you?" 

He nodded and replied "yes I always do when I ride with the dragons" I smiled and said "as do I, I do love riding with my griffin but I have always loved dragons to" just as I said his we both began to descend to the ground.

When we got back onto the ground and I dismounted Julo said to me "so who was the dragon you used to ride?" 

"Her name was Zara" I replied with a smile. 

Julo exhaled a warm breath over me and said "you know Zara, she is the ruler over us dragons now and a dear friend of mine" he replied in shock and awe I laughed and said softly "she wants more then your friendship Julo I can tell you that now" 

"I know I do love her but I'm scared of ruining what we already have" He said. 

"You won't know if it will work until you try my friend" I replied softy. 

He nodded and replied "you are wise beyond your years Cyric; you are indeed your mother's child" 

I smiled and said softly "thank you Julo I will see you around" 

"Come to the dragon world whenever you want my little fayerye friend" he replied a Silver and I walked back in and I said as the door open and Silver walked into the house 

"I will Julo goodbye" he replied. 

"Goodbye" he replied as I walked inside. 

When we got inside Silver smiled and said as we headed up the stairs "are you nervous about tomorrow?" 

"A little but I'm ok, why do you ask" I said honestly. 

"I worry about you, you know that" he replied.

I smiled and said "I know you do master Silver but I'm going to be fine" 

"I hope so" he replied. I smiled and then went my way to my bedroom.

As my door closed I gasped at what was on my bed. On my pillow there was a pure white rose, steam and leaves included, with a red ribbon around the steam. A note was lying under it also. I sighed as I felt tears come to my eyes as I read the note, it was from my grandmother "my darling grandchild, if you are reading this then it means I am not their to be with you around this time and for that I am sorry, but remember that I love you with all my heart, you are the child of my heart and soul. The man you will be with from now on is indeed a kind man, when I got to know him whilst he was in the cave I knew he had been hurt deeply, so he may not be so up front when it will come to his feelings due to his old lover betraying him so you must work with him and show him you will not betray his heart, he knows what you look like as when you where sixteen I gave him a locket with you picture in it, he gasped so I now that he loved how you looked, but remember this, when in the dark he will be your light and when he needs shelter from the storm you will provide it. This is something to remember me by. All my love your grandmother x" 

I sighed softly and wiped the tears that were falling down my checks. I smiled happily as I saw that my grandmother had left me her locket. Inside was a picture of us and on the other side was a picture of my mother and me. I sighed and placed it around my neck and put the rose into the vase near my bed. 



Later that night I was sitting on the tree branch outside my room once more when I sighed and said softly "come out from the shadows Leandra". As I said this a young girl materialized in front of me giggling. 

She smiled and said as she sat down near me "so how was your day" 

"You mean how am I for tomorrow," I replied saying her true question. 

She sighed and said "yes." 

"I will tell you what I have told everyone else Leandra, I am fine a little nervous but I'm fine"

"I'm glad but can I tell you something" she replied

At my nod she said "he is a kind man in truth, I was alive when he was first around and I was friends with him, he will treat you well" 

I nodded and said "my grandmother said something similar to"

"And it's true, I will leave you to rest Cyric goodnight and good luck my friend" Leandra said softly. 

"Night Leandra and thank you" I replied as she vanished from sight. I sighed and climbed back into my room and went to bed.



The next morning when I woke up I sighed softly as I saw that there was a dark purple robe on my wardrobe with a note attached to it. I sighed and got up to read it. It was from the other Sidhe, master River, "Cyric this robe is what you need to wear when we take you to the mountains, I will come by and see you closer to the time, we leave at dusk but until then make sure you prepare yourself, take a swim and relax or read as I know how much you love you books, my best wishes River" I smiled and then went too go for a swim. 

There was a pond near the willow tree of my home and I sighed happily as I stepped into it. The water was enchanted to always be warm ad soothing, the steam that lifted off of it added to the relaxation of the waters. 

I swam in the water for what seemed like an hour but when I saw Master River coming over I knew it had been longer. I smiled slightly as master River came to the edge and said softly "it's almost time Cyric" I nodded and said as I climbed out and he handed me my robe "I know, do I have time to shower?" 

He nodded ad replied "you do but hurry there is a lot to do to get you prepared" I nodded and then ran back home. 

Later I was dressed in the dark purple robe when Master River, Master Silver and Mater Bowen all came into my room. I smiled and Mater Bowen said softly "its time Cyric" 

I nodded and replied "I know" and he nodded softly and then took hold of the purple ribbon and tied it in my braid in my hair. I smiled softly and said as we bean to lave "thank you" with that we left. 

On the way to the cave we went and called upon my mother, she transformed back into her fayerye form when Master Bowen told her we where there and said as she aw me "are you sure you want to go through with this?"

I nodded and replied "I'm sure momma; I'll be fine I promise don't worry so much" 

She sighed and said "I'm your mother I will always worry about you" 

I nodded and said as we hugged one another "I know and I will about you to momma"

When we got to the cave Master silver said softly to Master River "how will he get inside" 

"I do not know, that part was never shown to any of the sidhe, they just said Cyric would know how to get to him" Master Silver said and my mother sighed in annoyance and said "what good is it if they can not even show us how to get inside if he dos not know then he doesn't have to go I say!" 

I smiled and said "momma I know." 

"How?" she replied in shock. 

I smiled and then went and said into the whole in the cave wall "Ciaran, Ciaran are you there?" 

There wasn't any reply for a while and I looked at the others in a confused sort of way and then a voice said softly and almost ghostly way "who is that?" 

"My name is Cyric, my grandmother was named Rosetta she made the deal with you to be freed when the twenty years where up by her grandchild" I replied. 

Ciaran gasped as I said this and said firmly "let me out now!" 

I sighed and said "I don't know how, no one ever told me" 

"Your power is over earth is it not?" He relied to which I said "it is but how will that help" and then my brain clicked and I laughed softly and said "an earthquake right?" 

Ciaran chuckled and replied "smart little fayerye".

I smiled softly and said "thank you, if you're near the front stand back I'm gonna make the quack". 

I moved away and said to my momma, Master River, Master Bowen and Master Silver "hold onto something and keep a tight grip, things are going to get a little bit shaky" as I said this I felt m eyes changing and my power coming to my aid. My eyes change from lavender to a deep green when I use my power. I lifted my arms in the air and then shouted as I pointed to the cave "crack!"

As soon as I said this, the earth started to shake and things stared to fall down and everyone behind me shouted and screamed in fear. Rocks fell from the top of the mountain and the ground shook violently. A thin line crawled is way down the mountain and I gasped as the cave busted open. 

"Stop!" I shouted once the hole was big enough for people to move in and out of the cave easily and still have room above their heads. 

The ground and everything else stopped shaking and I gasped once more as I looked back at my friend and momma. They had all fallen over and now were covered in mud, leafs and small twigs. I couldn't help the giggle that let my lip as I said playfully, "sorry guys." 

"You will be" River replied with a smile.



A moment later a man emerged from the cave and I gasped, he was with out a doubt the most beautiful man I had ever seen in my whole. He was taller then River, I would say at 6'5, he was muscular but not too much that he looked to scary to talk to, the muscles suited him just perfectly. He had a nice tan skinned and his ear where pointed at the tops also. His hair hung down to his waist and was a mixer between light and dark blue, his eyes were aquamarine colour. Two vine tattoos decorated each arm, the one on his left went from his wrist to his elbow and the one on his right went from his elbow to his shoulder, they where both painted in a dark and light blue to match his hair. In his right hand he held a dark blue snake shaped bow and on his back in a dark blue bad laid hunters arrows. The robe he wore was dark blue and showed of his chest perfectly I could see he was hairy but not to hairy, you could still see through the hair. It looked beautiful on him. He was so breath taking.
