 I'll keep this short and sweet, my stories contain a lot of detail and dialog so you can get to know the characters on a personal level. This story will bring you out of your comfort zone as it is more realistic than your typical gay romance. This is a gay romance story, so if that is not what you like then turn away now. All persons, places and events are strictly coincidental. All persons in this story are over the age of 18.

Okay, now that's all taken care of. Sit back, relax, grab a drink and enjoy chapter 3 of Field of Blooms: Summer's End....... 

Three weeks had passed since some of Austin's memory had returned. Still suffering from horrible nightmares and flashbacks, Austin was starting to fall into a deep depression. He didn't want to go out at night, since headlights seemed to be a major trigger, and forget watching any type of movies with loud special effects or someone being beaten. Most of the time he would stay sequestered in his room with the curtains drawn. Eric tried everything he could to get Austin to leave the confines his room but to no avail; Austin just refused to come out, even for meals. Eric was growing increasingly concerned and decided to contact Dr. Stratford.

"Hi, Dr. Stratford, thank you for taking my call."

"No problem Eric, that's why I gave you this number. Now tell me what your concerns are?"

"It's Austin; he's getting worse as time goes on. First, it started with him not wanting to go out at night. From what I can gather headlights seem to be a major trigger. It started off with just bright ones but now, it seems like any set him off. The nightmares aren't getting any better but they aren't getting worse either, so I guess that is at least one good thing."

"I had a cancellation this afternoon; do you think you can bring Austin in? I would like to see him."

"I can try. Getting him to come out of the room is like trying to stop the sun from coming up."

"Okay. The appointment is at two-thirty. I will let the receptionist know that you will be by with Austin."

"Thank you so much, doc."

Eric was able to coerce Austin to go with the promise that afterwards he would give him a full body massage. When they arrived the parking lot was full of cars, as they waited in the waiting room, Eric could see Austin was getting nervous and jumpy. He took his hand in his and kissed it gently telling him that he was right by his side and that he wasn't going to let anything or anyone hurt him. That seemed to calm Austin down enough so he at least stopped shaking. After a few minutes they were able to be seen.

"Hello, Austin. Tell me, how you've been doing since we last saw each other."

"Honestly? Horrible! The flashbacks have become so real that sometimes I can actually feel them beating me, like I am back in the woods reliving it all over again." Austin's eyes started to well.

"Austin, you never told me they'd gotten that bad." Eric turned to him, clearly concerned.

"I didn't want you to be any more stressed out than you already are." Austin started to cry.

"Austin, Eric is there to help you. If your symptoms are getting worse you must let someone know. PTSD can be very serious and if it goes untreated can lead to suicide."

"Can't you just give me a pill to make it all stop?!"

"There are medications available that can help lessen the affects of the flashbacks, but there is no miracle drug to make it all go away."

"Will it stop me from being so damn jumpy?"

"Yes, it will. I can write you a prescription for Zoloft."

"I'll take it."

"Wait, Austin shouldn't we talk this over? I mean some of these drugs have some pretty bad side effects." Eric offered.

"I don't care! If it means that I stop being such a pain in the ass for everyone then that's good enough for me."

"I will write the script but I want to see you back here in two weeks. I also want you to keep a journal, with dates and times, of any episodes you have.

Eric, I want you to also keep one of any changes in his mood or behavior. Then, when you come back, I will go over both of them in case I have to change the dosage or the medication. Not all meds works for everyone." Dr. Stratford started writing out the script. "Now make sure you both read the side effects that could occur and if you experience any major ones, call me immediately. Also, please remember that it takes time for the medication to get into your system so don't expect the results to be immediate."

They both thanked the doctor for his time as they walked out of his office. Eric honestly hated the idea of Austin having to take drugs but if it was going to help then he was just going to have to deal with it. Once they had the prescription filled and were back home, Eric sat down and read the list of side effects to Austin.

"I think we need a vacation." Eric suggested as he handed Austin his first dose.

"It's summer; it's been nothing but a vacation."

Eric rolled his eyes, "If this is what you call a vacation! I think we need to spend some time down at the shore, I know how much you love it there."

"I do love the beach, but where are we going to stay?"

"My family has a beach house there; it's only five blocks from the boardwalk."

"I'm sure your mom wouldn't like the idea of me being in that house."

Eric pulled out his phone and called his dad. He asked if it was okay if he and Austin spent some time at the beach house. His father told him he had no issue with it as long as they cleaned the place up after, especially if they had any parties. Eric told him that there wouldn't be anyone else there and that it was just going to be the two of them. After Eric was off the phone, he told Austin to go and get ready. While Austin was packing, Eric made a few phone calls and arranged for someone to come over and clean the pool while they were gone, he didn't want the Montgomery's to have to do it while he was away.

"Do you feel up to driving, or do you want me to?" Eric asked as he folded some clothes into his suitcase.

"I'm a little nervous but it feels like I need to at least try." Austin smiled.

It was a hot and humid day so they rode with the air conditioner on for most of the ride down. Once they got onto the Ninth Street Bridge, they turned it off and opened the windows. The sweet, salty sea air filled the car letting them know they had arrived at the shore. Eric had Austin drive by the front of the house, before parking out back, so he could see its beauty.

It was a grand four story house painted in light cream with red accent trim, neatly kept landscaping and a red brick walkway. When they entered Austin was met with seven flights of stairs.

"Your family doesn't own the entire house, do they?" He asked as he started for the steps.

Eric stopped him, "No, we own the third and fourth floors. There's an elevator over here."

They stepped inside and when the door opened, onto the third floor, Austin's jaw dropped at the magnificent beauty before him. Gorgeous, pristine hardwood floors led the way to the grand room, which held the master kitchen with state of the art appliances, next to a glass table large enough to seat eight adults, and the lounge area with overstuffed leather furniture.

"Wow, this place is fancy!"

"Not bad for a beach house." Eric smiled as he took Austin's hand to show him the rest. "Each of the five bedrooms has their own private balcony. There are two bathrooms on this floor and upstairs the two rooms have their own. Come on, I want to show you the master bedroom."

The master bedroom was just as grand as the rest of the house. Tall vaulted ceilings with ornate crown molding over a four post California king bed. When Austin saw the master bathroom he fell in love.

"Oh, my god! That shower could hold the entire football team, and that tub!"

"It's large for both of us to fit."

Since it was already past five o'clock they decided to order some pizza and spend the night in. Austin took their suitcases upstairs while Eric called for a couple of pizzas. He returned downstairs wearing only a thin pair of white basketball shorts.

"Damn, I love it when you wear that." Eric whistled. "I just love how they show off your ass and that great package of yours."

Austin grinned as he ever so slowly bent over, pretending to pick something up. "Why sir, I have no idea what you are talking about."

"The pizzas won't be here for another thirty minutes." Eric walked over and grabbed Austin's ass.

"Hmm, just enough time for you to fuck me." Austin gave an impish grin.

"Is that what you want?" Eric asked as he started to massage his ass.

Austin backed his butt onto Eric's erect cock. "I want you to bend me over the couch and shove that massive cock in me."

"As you wish, superman." Eric bowed at the waist before him and gave Austin a big smile.

Eric turned Austin around and started passionately kissing him. Their tongues darted in and out of each other's mouths as Austin started to unbutton Eric's shorts. His shorts hit the floor with a thud as he was left standing in a tight pair of grey briefs.

Austin breaking the kiss, "Fuck, I love it when you wear tight underwear. You look fucking hot as hell."

"If you like it so much, why don't you suck it?"

Austin dropped to his knees and freed Eric's steel hard tool. The musky scent of Eric filled his nose as he started sucking. Austin loved the feeling of having Eric in his mouth; he could do this all day long. Eric started to moan as Austin deep throated him but knew if he didn't stop him soon, he would be shooting down the back of Austin's throat.

"Okay, you are just too good at that."

Austin whimpered as Eric pulled his dick from his mouth. "Then fuck me for heaven sakes!"

Eric turned Austin around, pulling his shorts down and leaned him over the couch. Austin having already gotten his dick nice and slick, he pressed into Austin's entrance and with one hard push, broke through the tight ring. Austin groaned and tried to push Eric back, but he grabbed Austin around the waist and pulled him farther onto his cock. This time he wasn't as gentle and started pounding away. The burning sensation didn't go away as fast as Austin would have liked and he tried to tell Eric as tears filled his eyes.

"Eric, please slow down. It really hurts."

"Shit! I'm so sorry." Eric almost jumped in stunned regret as he slowed to a calmer pace.

Gradually, the burning was replaced with feelings of intense pleasure and Austin started meeting Eric's thrusts. Soon they were in perfect rhythm and Eric was able to go balls deep. Austin was moaning with every pass of Eric's rock hard member against his prostate causing his erect cock to leak precum, he could feel his orgasm building.

"Eric, I'm getting close." He panted. "Fuck me harder!"

"As you wish!"

Eric grabbed Austin's waist with both hands and went to town. He would pull almost completely out before plunging back in. It only took a few good strokes before they both were shooting their loads. Eric shoved every last inch he had deep inside Austin as he started to erupt. Just as he was pulling out, the doorbell rang. Hurriedly, he pulled on his shorts as he walked over to the intercom and let the pizza guy know he was on his way down. Austin went to clean up while Eric got the pizzas, and he noticed a trace amount of blood. He wasn't too sure if it was something he should be concerned about. He decided to keep an eye on it and if it got worse then he would say something to Eric.

 

They had worked up quite an appetite and each ended up eating five slices of pizza. After they finished dinner, they stripped out of their clothes, laid together on the couch and watched TV. Coming across one of Austin's favorite movies, Jurassic Park, Eric wedged himself behind Austin putting his arm over his chest, as Austin snuggled back against him.

"I love you superman." Eric kissed the back of his neck.

"I love you too." Austin smiled.

Having been through so much in the past few months, they were both exhausted and soon fell asleep as Eric continued to embrace Austin.

The next morning, Austin woke to the smell of bacon frying. As he got up off the couch he saw Eric cooking in the kitchen.

"What's this?"

"Well, I figured we could have a nice breakfast before heading to the beach." Eric smiled as he flipped the bacon.

After breakfast was over they got ready to head out. Austin packed a cooler with some sandwiches, snacks and drinks. He slipped into his red and white bathing suit and was surprised to see Eric had one just like it. Eric laughed and told him he thought it would be hot if they both matched.

Once on the beach they found the perfect spot and laid out their towels. They took turns rubbing sun tan oil on each other before stretching out to catch some rays. It was another hot day but the breeze coming off of water kept it comfortable. After an hour of sunbathing they decided to take a dip in the ocean. The water was cold at first but they warmed up to it quickly. When Eric wasn't looking, Austin slipped under the water and pinched Eric's leg. He could hear Eric yelp and as soon as he surfaced burst into laughter.

"That is not funny, Austin!" Eric exclaimed as he was trying to act like he didn't just scream like a girl.

"You're right, it's hilarious!" Austin roared.

"Remember darling, payback's are a bitch." Eric grinned as he swam towards Austin, thrilled to hear his boyfriend finally laughing again.

Austin took off, and being on the swim team, easily out swam Eric. "Come on slow poke, try and catch me!" Austin giggled as he hadn't in ages.

"I know where you sleep mister!" Eric laughed back.

They horsed around for a good hour before they went back to shore and had lunch. Austin had packed them each two ham and cheese sandwiches and a bag of Honey BBQ chips, they ate and talked under the summer sun. It was the first day in awhile that neither of them worried about anything, no flashbacks, no jumping, just an all around great day. A little after three o'clock they decided to head back to the house and get ready for their evening on the boardwalk. It was still warm so they each dressed in tank tops, basketball shorts and flip flops. They spent the night walking up and down the boardwalk, eating junk food, playing carnival games and riding the rides. As they were walking, Austin spotted an old time photo booth and insisted they take some pictures. It was the kind that you got four black and white pictures on one strip. They sat in the booth and got ready, the first three they made silly faces at each other. When the time came for the final picture they decided to make it romantic. Eric sat behind Austin with his arms wrapped around his chest and his head resting next Austin's on his shoulder, they both looked straight at the camera and smiled.

"That's perfect." Eric smiled as he looked at the last picture. "You look beautiful."

Austin blushed crimson, red. "Thank you. Let's go find a frame."

They walked into the little shop next to the photo booth and browsed the different types of frames. Austin stopped and picked up a silver frame with "Ocean City, NJ" engraved on it.

"You like that one?" Eric asked as he looked at it.

"Yeah, I do." Austin smiled.

"Then that's the one!" Eric took the frame up to the counter and handed the man the money.

"If you boys would like, I can engrave a special message on it?" The clerk asked.

They thought for a moment then, Eric spoke up, "Can you put, Forever in Love, then our names?"

"Sure can. Give me a few minutes and I'll have it done for you." He smiled as he took the frame to the back. "By the way, would you like the date on it?"

A few minutes later he returned with the newly engraved frame with the picture in it. On the top was the phrase; "Forever in Love" and on the bottom were their names in a beautiful cursive font with the date, August, 13th 2007. The clerk wrapped it up in paper, put it in a little brown bag and handed it to them. They walked hand in hand all the way down the boardwalk. Just before they got to the street to go home, Eric suggested they take a stroll on the beach.

Once they had gotten away from the lights and the noise of the boardwalk, Eric sat down and invited Austin to do the same. They listened to the crashing of the waves under a star filled sky. The moon had just begun to rise; it was large and bright orange. Eric put his arm around Austin and they both laid back looking up at the stars.

"I love you Austin Montgomery."

"I love you too, Eric Montgomery." Austin giggled.

"Montgomery, eh? That has a nice sound to it."

"You'd really take my last name if we ever got married?"

Eric propped himself up on one arm and looked deep into Austin's emerald eyes, "I would give you my last breath if it meant you would live another day."

"Oh Eric." Austin's eyes welled up and a tear slipped down each of his cheeks.

"Austin, you are my world, the light of my life. I don't know what I would do if I ever lost you. I can be having a bad day and all you have to do is smile, then it all melts away. You are my last thought at night and the first when I wake."

"You are going to make me cry." Austin said wiping the tears away.

"I just want you to know how much you really mean to me."

Austin, was so moved and filled with emotion, he couldn't bring to words his feelings so he just put his arm around Eric and held onto him as tight as he could.

That week was filled with fun and romance. Eric had kept his promise about no parties, no friends, just the two of them. Their days were spent down by the ocean horsing around, catching some sun, but most of all enjoying the time alone with each other, it was the perfect vacation.

It was Friday and the weather decided it wasn't going to play nice. The sky was grey, the wind had picked up, and there was a light drizzle.

"Well, it looks like the beach is out for today." Eric said as he got back into bed.

"That's okay. I don't mind spending the day in bed with you." Austin smiled as he laid his head on Eric's chest. "Eric, I've been thinking about something for a while now."

"What is it, superman?"

"What's going to happen when we go back to school in September?"

"What do you mean?"

"Like, are we going to go back to how it was last year pretending to be just friends?"

"Never, I plan on walking hand in hand with you on the first day of school, and each day after that. I want to be at all of your swim meets, cheering my sexy boyfriend on. We are going to winter formal as a couple and make sure we take pictures."

"I can already hear what people are going to say."

"Last time I checked, they don't have my heart, and what they say doesn't matter to me. You've made me the happiest I ever thought possible, and that's all that matters."  

"What if people try to start something with me? I don't want there to be any drama."

"Then they will have me to deal with. There are a few things you never mess with in my life, my friends and the ones I love, so if they are stupid enough to even think of messing with you it will be the biggest mistake of their lives!" Eric added fervently.

"I don't deserve to have a boyfriend as great as you." Austin looked up and kissed him.

"No, I am the one who doesn't deserve this."

They relaxed in bed most of the morning, watching TV and taking little cat naps. Around noon Eric went downstairs and made them a light lunch of grilled cheese sandwiches and tomato soup.

While Austin was napping Eric snuck out of the house and ran a few special errands. On his way back, he stopped by the florist and picked out a wonderful arrangement of summer flowers. He crept up the stairs and placed a card next to Austin for him to find when he woke up. After he put the steaks in the fridge to marinate, he started cleaning up the main room. He wanted tonight to be perfect so he took extra care while cleaning.
