 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome. 

Damon Reid vs Tristan Thomas

***

Damon stood in the foyer of the Thomas Mansion staring at the spectacle before him. Tristan Thomas, Caleb Thomas' son, not only had his tongue down the throat of a curvy young lady, but had his hand under her blouse as well, obviously feeling up her tits. At this time of the day? Seriously?

The girl moaned loudly and suddenly tried to push Tristan off when she caught sight of Damon.

"There's someone here TT." She managed to get out breathlessly.

Tristan cursed and turned around to see who it was, drawing his hand from under Amber's blouse. 

"Damon Reid." Tristan said with a sneer in his voice. "What do you want?" Tristan asked angry at the interruption. His dislike for the man was obvious from his body language. 

And why the hell not? Tristan asked himself. Damon thought he was a god. Handsome, rich, intelligent...you name it. The reason why Tristan disliked him so much was that his own father never failed to throw Damon's accomplishments in his face.

'Why can't you be more like Damon? He's responsible, reliable, he's got a head for business, any father will be proud of him...'

Yeah yeah yeah yeah...too bad his father was dead so couldn't be proud of him. Tristan knew he was being mean but he could take so much. Heck he was only twenty-one. And how old was Damon? Twenty-fucking-six. Damon wasn't this responsible five years ago was he? He had to grow up when his father died and take over the running of their empire. Who else was there to do that but him? He was an only child after all so he had no choice but to grow up right? So where does his own father get off expecting him to act like Damon-fucking-Reid? He just finished college for fuck's sake...time to have some fun.

"I have to talk to you Tristan." Damon said in that sexy baritone of his, making Tristan even more angry. Does the guy have any flaws? And why the fuck does he always call him Tristan instead of TT like everyone does?

"So talk." He all but growled.

Damon turned to look pointedly at the lady standing beside Tristan, staring at him like she was going to eat him up any second.

"Amber go wait in the car will you?" Tristan told the flustered looked girl. He knew she was all gaga over the hunk standing in front of them. She was gaping like an utter idiot. Girls! 

But then Damon was known to have that effect on ladies. He was huge—very tall, about 6'2', broad, bursting with muscle. His dark blond hair had been cut brutally short, exposing the strong column of his sun-kissed neck. One of Tristan's own sisters had once said Damon's deep, powerful voice alone was orgasm-inducing. And that face...even he would admit, was simply beautiful.

"So...what does my father want?" Tristan asked knowing very well Damon was there on the instructions of his father. The two of them wanted to enter into some sort of business and his Dad had told him the day before that he wanted him to handle it. He had promptly told him he wasn't interested but his dad had cut him off saying Damon was going to get in touch with him. Now here he was. Just great!

"I presume he told you about Albatros." Damon stated looking intently at Tristan with eyes so blue Tristan couldn't help but admire.

"Is that what you guys are calling your business venture? Well he did mention something...not Albatros...but I did tell him I wasn't interested. So this meeting is not necessary is it?" Tristan retorted.

"Look here Tristan..."

"No you look here. If you think you can just walk in here and expect me to leave whatever I'm doing and concentrate on some business with you, you have another thinking coming." Tristan said heatedly.

"Oh so that's what this is all about huh?" Damon said with a chuckle.

"What is what about?" Tristan asked with a frown.

"You are pissed off because I interrupted your little..." Damon waved his hands in the direction of the car in which Amber had gone to wait.

"You've got no ri..." 

"Oh but I do Tristan. When are you going to grow up huh? You think the world is always going to be at your feet? Because Daddy will always be around to see to your needs? Let me tell you something boy, that's not how it works. So you..."

Oh did he just call him 'boy'? It was on!

"Oh and how did you know this? When Daddy dearest died on you? Is the mighty Damon wanting his daddy back? To tell him bedtime stories?"

The muscles in Damon's jaw tightened and contracted. Tristan could tell he was struggling to control his emotions and immediately knew he had gone too far.

"Look, I'm sorry dude. I didn't mean it like that." He tried to apologize.

"Yes you did." Damon said in a deceptively calm voice. Abruptly he turned to go. "7 p.m. In your father's office this evening. Don't be late." Damon threw over his shoulder and was gone.

"Shit shit shit!" Tristan muttered to himself. Why couldn't he shut his big mouth? What he had said was downright cruel. In a way, because of that, he knew he had to meet Damon as he had requested. He was feeling downright guilty. Dammit!

***

As Damon got into his sleek black Jaguar XF and sped off, he was fuming. He literally had to hold himself back or he would have sucker-punched that brat in his own home. What the fuck was wrong with Tristan? Now he understood what Caleb was talking about. He had told him he didn't know how to get his son to take up that responsibility for Albatros. But he was trusting Damon to get him to do it. He had assured Caleb he was going to get Tristan to do it but it looked like he had bitten more than he could chew. 

Tristan was one spoilt brat. His parents had spoilt him so much so that they didn't know what to do to get him to be a responsible boy. He was their only son, who had been born after three girls...so the whole family had dotted on him...treated him like an egg. The annoying part was that Tristan was a brilliant boy. He had actually graduated at the top of his class. It looked like naturally, the kid had a high IQ because he didn't strike Damon as the type of person who would go out of his way to study. He just had the brains but probably thought all he had to do was study and spend daddy's money. 

Oh and did he know how to spend the money. With his good looks, he could have any girl he wanted. Tristan was about 5'8' tall with his dreamy green eyes, blond hair which was always tapered on the back with side swept bangs which seem to fall in his eyes all the time. Tristan Thomas was a handsome, intelligent spoilt brat. Damon laughed to himself. Handsome? Hell yeah. To him, Tristan was devastatingly handsome. He had always thought so. Not that he fancied him or anything. He had never looked at him in that light before. He was just a kid. Or so he had thought till he had seen him today. He was all grown up and boy was he hot. 

Damon's penchant for dating both men and women was known by those close to him. But Tristan was way out of his league. In fact he couldn't stand the boy. But he had promised his dad who was a good friend of his late father. So he really hoped Tristan drugged his stubborn arse to Caleb's office as he had told him to because he didn't want to see the hope die in the older man's eyes. 

***

When Tristan stepped into the elevator in his father's office building at six o'clock that evening, it was with the intention of having a serious talk with his dad about his disinterest in his project before Demon the Mighty showed up. The last thing person he expected to see inside the car was its blue eyed lone occupant. Blue eyes clashed with his green ones.

"Damon." Tristan greeted curtly.

"Tristan." Damon answered equally curt.

Then the doors closed and the elevator began its ascent.

Neither man said anything. Tristan noticed that Damon was still in his jacket but this time, there was no tie. Standing there with his jacket open and his hands shoved casually into his pants' pockets, he looked relaxed but so in control. Why was he here this early anyway? The meeting was supposed to be at 7 p.m. right? He was just about to ask him when he heard the noise, then the movement of the elevator ceased and there was total darkness.

"The fuck...?" Damon growled.

"Oh my God." Tristan groaned. "I th...think there...there's a problem." He stuttered sounding like he was being strangled. 

"Let's hope they sort it out soon enough. Just what I need." Damon muttered.

All that could be heard in the car was their breathing. They waited. Then Damon heard it. A tiny sound...like someone was sobbing.

"Tristan?" He called.

Nothing.

"Come on talk to me man. Are you okay?"

But all he could hear was muffled sounds coming from Tristan. Then it just came to him...Tristan probably had a phobia of darkness.

"Tristan, are you Nyctophobia? Come on talk to me."

But he still wouldn't say anything. Damon took out his blackberry Z10 phone hoping to use its flashlight application for the first time. But his battery was down to one bar. Damn!

"Come on give me your phone Tristan." He demanded of the man, who he could see from the little light emanating from his phone, huddled in a corner of the car.

"I didn't bring it." He sniffled. 

Didn't bring it? Who the fuck goes around without their cell phone? Damon shrugged off his jacket and put it on the floor. Then went to Tristan.

"Come here." He said reaching for his hand and pulling him up. Then he drew him into his arms. Tristan clung to Damon and buried his face in the crook of his neck. Damon felt him trembling all over and rubbed his back whispering soothingly into his ears.

"Shhh... I've got you. You'll be fine."

After a while the trembling stopped and Tristan started getting embarrassed. But the last thing he wanted to do was get out of Damon's embrace. He felt so safe. But then he started feeling other things as well. Like how warm Damon felt, his tight sexy body, his slight breathing on his neck which was making him tingly all over. Damn, he smelled good. Tristan's pulse sped up. He knew what was happening to him and he wasn't amused. He was getting aroused. 

Shit! 

What the fuck was wrong with him? He was doing his best to ignore the erection in his pants growing bigger with each stroke of Damon's hand over his back. He held his breath, shifting so his lower half wasn't pressed against Damon. The hard-on would be a dead giveaway of how he was feeling and it was very embarrassing.

"I need to move." He said in choked voice trying to move away.

Hearing the unsteady nature of his voice, Damon pulled him tighter to him. Damn he felt good. All sleek and hot against him. 

"You sure you're okay Tris?" He asked huskily.

God, the way he said his name made his stomach flutter. Tristan's heart pounded rapidly. Damon sounded so sexy and his name on his lips...he didn't know how to describe it. He held his breath, cursing his traitorous body as his cock pulsed and throbbed.

Then Damon dropped a kiss on his neck. Tristan couldn't help the moan that tore out of his throat. He wondered what would happen if this man kissed him. He wanted Damon to kiss him. Turning his face, he sort out Damon's lips but his movement caused him to grind against Damon.

"Fuck!" Damon swore, trying to avoid grinding the bulge of his own erection against Tristan's.

"Stop it." Damon growled. His hot breath singed Tristan's cheeks. 

But Tristan could hear the arousal in his voice, and wouldn't have been able to stop even if his life had depended in it. He drew Damon's head down and took his lips, tongue stabbing deep inside without asking for entry. Silent screams of protest, of fear, ricocheted through his mind, but his body, his flesh, ignored every wailing demand that he stop. His tongue swept into Damon's mouth, a cooling relief against the fiery ache of his.

Damon moved a hand from around Tristan's waist and sunk it into his hair, fingers digging into his scalp and took over the kiss. And damn he could kiss. An electric longing jolted through Tristan's body making his toes curl inside his boots. He was lost.

They both moaned, reeling under the intense heat. They were both fighting for breath within minutes. Bodies strained to get closer, the air heating with a primitive lust that Damon had no idea how to fight. He shoved a thigh between Tristan' thighs, pressing against the balls drawn up to the underside of his cock. Tristan rode that thigh, moaning and shaking as he lost himself in Damon. He was lost in all the delicious sensations. His cock strained against his zipper, leaking. He curled his tongue around Damon's, sucking hard. He knew he was going to come any second.

His body burned, need overwhelming him, he tore his mouth from the kiss and threw his head back.

"Damon, fuck." He screamed and came hard! 

Damon latched his lips onto that sensitive spot between Tristan's neck and shoulder and sucked hard, prolonging his ecstasy. He held him throughout his orgasm, felt the tremors that shook his lithe frame. God he was sexy as fuck. After that intense climax, Tristan went completely lax against him. The only thing holding him up was Damon's strong arms around him.

"Oh God." Tristan groaned breathlessly.

"Are you okay?" Damon chuckled, but Tristan made out the strain in his voice and caught the tremor in his body. He was still hard.

"That was...I've never felt anything like that before. You didn't..."

"I'm okay." Damon quickly assured him. He had gone far enough as it was. He should have known better. How the fuck had he allowed this to happen? 

As if on cue the light suddenly came back on and the elevator started moving. Tristan moved away from Damon, his face on fire, his hands shaking badly. What the hell just happened? Did that make him gay? Was Damon gay? He was totally confused. He turned to look at Damon and saw him fully composed, shrugging into his jacket. 

"Damon..."

"Let it go Tristan." Damon said gruffly just as the elevator opened on Caleb's floor, and strode out of the car. Leaving a confused Tristan behind.