 It was hard to concentrate on washing the breakfast dishes and cleaning the kitchen. Mister G was in one of his playful moods and couldn't seem to keep his hands off me.

He massaged my shoulders and back and occasionally a hand would slip beneath the waistband of my shorts and claim possession of a buttock, squeezing and pinching it.

Needless to say, I wouldn't have objected even if I wanted to, which I didn't. I had begun enjoying his attention so much I would have been hurt if he ignored me.

Finally, when I was finished, he came up behind me, pulled me back to him with a hand on my chest and a hand inside my shorts, and massaged my breasts, pinched my nipples until they were hardened little nubs all the while massaging my bare buttocks.

"Ohhhh, Johnny," he sighed into my ear. "I love how soft and smooth your skin has gotten...softer than any boy I've ever known..."

He ground his pelvis into my butt and I felt his hard-on press against me.

He whispered, "You're coming along very nicely..."

I didn't know what he meant by that comment and didn't have time to think about it because suddenly the front doorbell rang and the door swung open and in came the cleaning crew.

"You may want to watch and listen to me and little Tony in my bedroom this morning - I give you permission to masturbate while you watch us" were his parting words to me before he released me from his strong grip.

I was breathing hard and gulping for air when 'Little Tony' giggled and pointed at the small bulge in my shorts.

"Ooooooo, looky-looky - his tiny clitty is hard!" he said laughing out loud.

I blushed a furious red and rushed off to my bedroom without saying a word.

Did I imagine what Mister G had said to me? Does he really want me to masturbate while watching them on the security monitor?

I switched on the monitor and turned to channel 65. Mister G's bedroom channels are 65 to 69.

When I saw Mister G holding Tony's hand in the bedroom I experienced a twinge of jealousy.

I can make him happy, he doesn't need that little pipsqueak, I thought. I can do whatever that little faggot does for him.

He was naked in a matter of seconds and stood before Mister G. The older man took the boy's erection in hand. The size of Mister G's hand made the boy's hard penis small in comparison.

"Sweetie..." he said to the boy.

Why hasn't he ever called me 'Sweetie'?

"Sweetie...how long did you tell me your little clitty is?" he asked the boy.

"My clitty is three-and-three-quarter inches, daddy," answered the boy.

DADDY? HUH? WHAT? Oh my hell, that's exactly the length of my own hard prick!

"...and you admitted to me your little clitty was never able to satisfy a girl, is that right, sweetie?"

"Oh no, of course not, daddy...they laughed at me when I wanted to stick it inside them...they said I was born to be a man's queerboy - that I should learn how to suck cock and take a manly cock in my ass - it was humiliating, daddy..."

"But they were right, weren't they, boy?"

"Ohhh, yes, daddy...I l-o-v-e sucking cock and getting fucked in my boypussy..."

I experienced a deja vu moment. A couple girls had made similar comments to me in the past. My face burned red. I briefly wondered if this little melodrama was for my benefit.

The boy dropped to his knees and pulled down Mister G's boxers. My heart skipped a beat when his manly erection sprang into view.

"May I please massage your cock and balls with my hands, daddy?"

"Yes, you may, boy."

"Thank you, daddy."

The boy's hands caressed and fondled Mister G's manly equipment for thirty-seconds before he spoke up again.

"May I please kiss and lick your manly balls, daddy?"

"Yes, you may, boy."

"Thank you, daddy."

My hard prick was uncomfortable inside my jockstrap. I pushed the shorts and jock to the floor and stepped out of them. I took my own three-and-three-quarter-inch hard-on in my hand.

A heavy fog was settling in my brain as I watched Little Tony's lips and tongue wash over Mister G's manly balls. I could almost smell the manly aroma wafting from his crotch into the boy's nostrils.

After a couple minutes, Mister G's hand lightly tapped the boy's head.

Little Tony stopped licking and immediately said, "May I please suck your manly cock and swallow your cum, daddy?"

"Yes, you may boy, but you know what needs to be done first."

"Yes, daddy."

I watched the boy scramble on his knees to the bottom drawer where I knew the 'sex toy's' were stored.

The boy pulled out not only a leather scrotum strap, but also a dildo identical to the one I had used last night.

I don't know why, but I too retrieved those items from my bottom drawer, and when daddy, err, I mean Mister G ordered him to "Cinch your balls, boy" I obeyed the command too.

"Good boy...good boy," I heard Mister G say.

My imagination was running wild. I dreamed Mister G was talking to me.

My swollen balls looked huge beneath the strap.

I ran my hand back and forth over the six-inch dildo just like Little Tony was doing.

Suddenly, the boy, still on his knees, moved to the heavy, iron stanchion in the corner. My breath caught in my throat and I thought, "Good - I'm finally going to see what that piece of equipment is intended for."

I watched Tony screw-in the base of the dildo knee-high.

I examined the end of the dildo in my hand and, sure enough, there were metal threads with which to screw the dildo to the heavy stanchion.

When I attached my dildo to the stanchion, I heard Mister G say, "Good boy...good boy."

I fantasized he was saying it to me.

I watched with rapt fascination as the boy wet his lips then slid them over the flared head of the fake cock.

I followed his example and soon found about three-and-a-half inches of the dildo in my mouth.

With my eyes trained on the monitor, I watched Little Tony move his head back and forth as though it was a real cock in his mouth. I did the same.

I heard Mister G giving instructions to the boy.

"Always keep your tongue moving on the cock in your mouth..."

I plastered my tongue on the fake cock and licked at it while moving my head back and forth.

"Good boy...good boy," said Mister G to Little Tony. "Remember, boy, practice makes perfect!"

This went on for a couple more minutes until I saw Mister G hand something to the boy.

"Here you go, sweetie...it's time for your treat!"

Oh my hell...he'd given Little Tony a pair of lime-green nylon panties and the boy was quickly working them up his legs.

I had seen the same color in my panty drawer and found them and put them on, too.

"Good boy...good boy," said Mister G.

I watched Little Tony unscrew the dildo and wondered what he was going to do with it now. I watched puzzled as he dipped the dildo into the familiar tin of oil until it was glistening wet.

He then moved it lower on the stanchion and screwed it in there. I found there were two slots on the stanchion: one knee-high, and one much lower. I quickly pulled out the tin of oil and copied the boy's actions and screwed it into the lower slot.

The boy positioned himself on his hands and knees facing away from the dildo.

"Push your boypussy back onto the cock, boy."

"Yes, daddy," replied the boy.

Oh my hell, that's why all the sexy panties had slits cut into them. So a boy can get fucked while he's wearing them! Ingenious!! I tentatively backed into the dildo.

Can I go thru with this? I squirmed until the very tip of the fake cock was just past my sphincter. It didn't hurt as much as I thought it would.

In this position I had to turn my head to watch the monitor. What I saw made me wince and cringe.

Mister G was actually laying on his back on the floor, legs spread wide. Suddenly, he pulled his knees back to his chest and there was his asshole totally exposed directly below the boy.

"You know what to do, boy...lick my asshole while you pleasure yourself!"

I thought for sure Little Tony would refuse that order but no, the boy buried his face between Mister G's wide-splayed buttocks and I watched the boy snake-out his tongue and begin licking the older man's anus.

With a grunt of effort, the boy thrust his hips backwards impaling himself on the six-inch, fake cock.

It took some effort on my part, but I very slowly managed to work the entire dildo inside me. My ass felt full, but there was very little pain.

"Good boy...good boy...go ahead and fuck yourself silly until I give you permission to cum in your panties!" said Mister G.

"Yes, daddy - thank you, daddy!" the boy enthusiastically answered momentarily removing his mouth from Mister G's asshole.

Wow...this was positively the dirtiest sex act I could imagine.

I couldn't fuck myself as quickly as Little Tony. I was sure his hole had been stretched wide by real cocks so he was feeling no pain at all. In fact, between licks at Mister G's anus he would moan and murmur the pleasure he was receiving.

I soon discovered the real pleasure came not from the dildo sliding in and out of my asshole, but rather the exquisite sensations the nylon panties were giving my hard prick.

In fact, I found myself thrusting my hips harder and faster simply to feel the panties rubbing on my throbbing erection.

I no longer watched the monitor. Instead I concentrated solely on my swollen balls, and silently begged daddy, err, I mean Mister G to give the command to cum in my panties.

I was going out of my mind with a lust and ecstasy I had never experienced before.

On one particularly brutal thrust backwards, the flared head of the fake cock struck my prostate with such force that when I shouted my excitement out loud, I could have sworn I heard laughter coming from the monitor, and Mister G saying, "Good boy...good boy."

I knew it had been a figment of my imagination, and undeterred, fucked myself harder and faster, deliberately trying now to feel the tip of the dildo strike my prostate.

My brain turned to mush. Drool escaped my open lips and fell to the floor below me.

Suddenly I heard the command I'd been pleading to hear.

Mister G shouted, "Unfasten the strap and cum in your panties!"

I was new to this and had great difficulty opening and removing the scrotum strap. I had to shove both hands inside my panties to work on the strap. By the time I had it opened, I heard Little Tony shouting.

"I'm cumming in my panties, daddy - I'm cumming in my panties, daddy - I'm-cumming-in-my-panties-I'm-cumming-in-my-panties-Imcumminginmypanties-Imcumminginmypanties-YES-YES-YESSSSSS..."

It took me a half-minute longer than Little Tony before the fierce explosions began wracking both my head and hugely swollen balls.

I followed Little Tony's lead and shouted: "I'm cumming in my panties, daddy - I'm cumming in my panties, daddy - I'm-cumming-in-my-panties-I'm-cumming-in-my-panties-Imcumminginmypanties-Imcumminginmypanties-YES-YES-YESSSSSS..."

By the time my body came to rest, my panties were so flooded with sperm and semen it seeped down my legs to the floor below.

Suddenly, I heard laughter from the monitor and turned to see Mister G and Little Tony smiling and clapping their hands.

Their heads were turned as if they were watching something.

HUH? WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON HERE?

I become overwhelmed with a panic so intense my entire body quivered and shook with an all encompassing fear.

UH-OH - If I could see everything Mister G did in his bedroom, isn't it only logical he can see everything I do in mine?

Oh-no - oh-no - oh-no - this can't be real...oh-my-hell-oh-my-hell-OHMYHELLOHMY HELL!!

My sad, pathetic life suddenly flashed before my eyes. My mind exploded and seemed to burst into flames. I clearly saw who and what I really am - it was a moment of personal clarity so strong and vivid it was impossible to reject or deny. 

Yes, I am a panty-loving, submissive faggot and there is no going back to my old life.

To confirm my worst fear they had watched my performance on the big screen in Mister G's bedroom, I heard Mister G suddenly say, "JOHNNY!!"

I wasn't sure what to say. "Yes, sir?" I finally answered.

"I would prefer you call me 'daddy'," he corrected me.

My shame and humiliation was so thorough and absolute, I never hesitated to obey his command and answered, "Yes, daddy - I'm sorry, daddy!"

"Good boy...good boy," he said with a smile. "Little Tony is going to suck my cock now - I want you to watch and learn how he does it...okay, boy?"

I couldn't look at him directly. I spoke to the floor when I said, "Yes, daddy, I'll watch him and learn how I should suck your cock, daddy."

"Good boy...good boy..."

By the time daddy shot his load inside Tony's mouth, I not only had a pretty good understanding of how to suck cock, but also found I was envious and jealous that Little Tony was chosen to swallow his man-cream and not me.

***

I think Mister G knew the next few days would be the critical turning point for my acceptance of and transformation into a lifestyle I had for years so vigorously denied, but I am getting ahead of myself.

Just three-hours after my lewd performance, when I was finished cleaning up after lunch, Mister G silently took my hand in his and led me to his bedroom. My heart was pounding with anticipation.

I swooned when he took me in his arms and pulled me close to him. I gazed adoringly up into his handsome face and clear blue eyes.

"I want to kiss you, sweetie...I've wanted to kiss you since the moment we met," he said softly.

Ohhh-yes...my heart melted when he called me 'Sweetie'.

He cradled my head in his hands and lowered his face. I parted my lips - he pressed his to mine - and I saw stars dancing before my eyes.

It was the sweetest kiss I'd ever known. I hugged him tighter. When he pushed his tongue in my mouth my own lapped greedily at his.

My prick stiffened in my jock while jolts of electricity raced up and down my spine.

He lowered his hands and pushed my shorts and jock to the floor. He glanced at my boner and smiled.

He gave me the scrotum strap and said, "Cinch your balls, boy. It wouldn't be right for you to climax before your man does, would it?"

"Oh no, daddy, no, it wouldn't be right," I said and did as I was told.

He took my prick in his hand saying, "What a cute little clitty you have...when the time is right, I'm going to make you cum-and-cum-and-cum..."

He stared into my eyes and said, "...but first..." and I felt a slight downward pressure on my shoulders.

I knew what he wanted and my heart skipped a beat.

I dropped to my knees and hooked my fingers inside the waistband of his shorts. Before I could pull them down he stopped me.

"Sweetie, what is it you want to do for daddy?" he asked with a smile.

"Ohhh daddy...I want to suck your manly cock, daddy - please let me suck your cock!"

"Is that all? What else do you want to do for daddy?" he teased me.

"Ohhh daddy - I want to suck your cock and swallow your cum...oooo daddy - please let me suck your cock and swallow your cum - pleeezzzzzzzz..."

He fondled my hair and simply said, "You may lower daddy's shorts now."

"Thank you, daddy - thank you," I said and obeyed his command.

I thought I would pass out when his manly aroma wafted into my nostrils. My hard prick, err, I mean 'clitty' throbbed. I don't know why the smell of his crotch gets me sooo excited?

I rounded my lips to slide them over his cockhead but again he stopped me.

I whimpered with frustration.

He then lifted his scrotum to my face and softly said, "Sweetie, ALWAYS lick the man's balls before you suck his cock, okay?"

His aroma was making me dizzy. "Ohhhh, okay, daddy."

"Get the man's balls nice and wet before you take his cock in your mouth, okay sweetie?"

"Ooooooo, yes daddy..." I said and immediately licked at his scrotal flesh.

I swooned again when I tasted his saltiness. I loved it! Only the scrotum strap prevented my little clitty from shooting-off.

When I had his scrotum glistening wet, and was about to kiss his hard penis, he said, "Sweetie, ALWAYS take each ball in your mouth and give it a good sucking, okay?"

"Ohhhhhh, yes daddy," I said and immediately obeyed his command.

Daddy's balls were big, but I was able to fit first one then the other inside my mouth.

When it occurred to me I was sucking a man's balls for the first time, my only thought was "Isn't it wonderful?"

I was so dizzy and weak when daddy finally said, "You may suck my cock now, sweetie" I could only manage a deep moan and a small "Thank you, daddy."

***

I sat naked on daddy's lap. He had retrieved a pair of red panties from the drawer and wrapped them around my clitty.

Oh my God, it felt wonderful, but unfortunately, the strap was still secured around my out-sized, swollen balls.

The fresh taste of his sperm and semen in my mouth increased my excitement.

My mind was lost in that now-familiar fog of lust. He was speaking to me, but the feel of the panties stroking my clitty was so indescribably delicious I had to concentrate hard on his words.

"Sweetie, that was a pretty good blow-job for being your first time," he said.

Yesterday, those words would have made me wince and blush a furious red, but now they caused my heart to flutter with pride.

"Sweetie, you know what I like to say: practice makes perfect..."

Oh my, I waited with bated breath for him to complete his thought.

"I want to give you as much practice as possible...and I would l-o-v-e to watch you suck other men's cocks...sweetie, will you do that for daddy?"

His panty-covered hand stroking my clitty was making me sooo horny, I would have agreed to suck-off the entire Marine Corps.

"Ooooo, yes, daddy, I will do whatever you want me to do, daddy!" I answered. Suddenly, my feverish mind was filled with images of hard cocks and manly balls. 

"You're such a good boy," he said. "Starting tomorrow, you will join me and the cleaning boys for Happy Hour out at the pool, okay?"

"Yes, daddy."

"You're going to do for them what you just did for me, okay, sweetie?"

"Ohhh-yes, daddy," I moaned thru gritted teeth.

"You will lick their scrotums wet then suck on their balls before you take their hard cocks into your mouth, okay, sweetie?"

"Ohhhhhh, yes, daddy - yes!"

By the time daddy unfastened the scrotum strap, I was delirious and out-of-my-mind with lust and desire.

My climax was so intense and wonderful I cried out without even being told,"Imcumminginmypantiesdaddy-Imcumminginmypantiesdaddy-Imcumminginmypantiesdaddy-Imcumminginmypantiesdaddy..."

When my body finally came to rest, daddy handed me the soaked panties and I greedily cleaned the pools of cum with my lips and tongue.

"Good boy...good boy," he whispered while stroking my back and shoulders.

***

That night, after my bubble bath, I returned to daddy in the living room wearing only the scrotum strap and pink panties he'd chosen for me.

In the short walk from my bedroom to the living room, the feel of the nylon fabric rubbing on my smooth flesh had given me another boner.

As I approached him, I saw his eyes fixated on my hard little clitty straining against the crotch of the nylon fabric. His lust-filled gaze and beautiful smile warmed my heart.

When I noticed his manly cock tenting-out his shorts, I too smiled...a smile of pride. It thrills and excites me every time daddy gets an erection simply by looking at me. I made a vow to myself to exercise hard and keep my body in the shape he likes to see me.

He patted his lap and I gently settled on his thighs, intentionally brushing against his manly hard-on.

I threw my arms around him and he pulled me close for a kiss. A long and lingering kiss. By the time he withdrew, I was dizzy and we both were breathing hard.

If I'd known kissing a man was so erotic and wonderful, I would have turned queer years ago.
