 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome. 

Damon Reid vs. Tristan Thomas

***

"Have you tried calling him?" Cole asked a worried looking Damon.

They were sitting on the beach after ten p.m. Tristan was still not back from his meeting with Chloe.

"I have Cole. It goes straight to his voice mail. Maybe he needs time. Maybe he's..."

"We both know Tristan loves you Damon. I haven't known him for long, but I know genuine love when I see it. He adores you. He wouldn't need that long a time to set whatever straight with that girl. You have to go look for him dude." Cole said, his voice stern.

Cole remembered his conversation with Tristan that afternoon when he met Tristan on his way out to meet with the girl. He had told Tristan in no uncertain terms what to expect from him if he dared to break Damon's heart. 

"So help me God, I'm going to thrash you to within an inch of your life if you dare break his heart." Cole had said to Tristan, his voice lethal as he stared Tristan down. "Oh and consider that as both a promise and a threat."

Cole had been surprised at the amused smile that had spread across Tristan's face. He thought he had managed to look frightening enough.

"Why the fuck are you smiling?" Cole had snapped.

"Finally." Tristan had said, shaking his head in amusement. "Finally, someone threatens me on his behalf. He will be thrilled to hear this."

"He's my best friend Tristan. I've known him for years. And I've never seen him this crazy about anyone. So I need to make sure you are taking this just as seriously as he is."

"Don't worry Cole. I'd rather die than hurt that jackass. I love him too fucking much. His is my life." Tristan started walking towards where Étienne was parked. "And guess what Cole, I do value my life." He threw over his shoulders.

Cole hadn't been able to stop the smile that spread across his face. Damon was in good hands and that was all that mattered.

Now sitting on the quiet beach looking at his friend, Cole was ready to bet on his life that Tristan wasn't doing anything deliberately to hurt Damon. There was a good explanation for his silence and absence. Maybe the battery on his phone had run down, maybe he was hurt somewhere, maybe he... There just had to be a good explanation for Tristan's MIA act.

"I don't even know where he went." Damon said quietly.

"Étienne drove him there right? Call him. If you don't, and anything happens to Tristan, you will never be able to forgive yourself Damon. Trust me on that."

Damon felt his heart begin to beat faster. What if Cole was right? What if something bad had happened to Tristan? Well, what if Tristan had decided he preferred to be with Chloe after all, and they were celebrating with a marathon of sex somewhere? What if..."

"Damon, snap out of it. Stop thinking too much and act. What is the worst that could happen? He prefers her so chooses her over you. Big deal!"

"What are you now? A fucking mind reader?" Damon muttered.

"I could see the wheels turning inside your stupid head by looking at your ugly face dude. You just have to move on if that happens. It will be difficult but you have all of us. We will help you get through it. But what if he needs you right now? Call Étienne now Damon."

"Okay I'm calling him." Damon said dialing Étienne's number. They were supposed to have gone to the house for dinner but had to cancel when Tristan was not showing.

Étienne picked up on the first ring. "Monsieur Reid?" He said too brightly for someone who was supposed to be sleeping. After all, it was late.

"Étienne, I need you to take me to wherever you dropped off Tristan please." Damon said.

"I'm at the parking area Sir. Ready when you are." The chauffer replied brightly.

"What? Why are you still here?" Damon sounded surprised.

"Let's just say I didn't trust the little Miss. I've been waiting for this call. Come, let's go bring him home Mr. Reid."

Damon laughed softly, feeling lightheaded. It looked like he was the only one who hadn't been thinking of going on a rescue mission. Did he have such little faith in Tristan? Well that stopped now.

"I'll be there in five minutes Étienne. Thanks."

"Want me to come with you?" Cole asked falling into step beside Damon.

"No. I got this. Thanks buddy."

"Keep me posted. And tell Tristan I said he had better have a good explanation for this ready before I see him in the morning." Cole said giving Damon a one-armed hug.

"Will do. See you later." And with that, Damon went to his room to quickly grab his wallet. 

"You better be okay Tris." He muttered under his breath.

***

"Wait here." Damon told Étienne, who looked like he wanted to follow Damon to the door.

Damon pressed the door bell and waited. And boy did he wait. After a really long time, during which he thought no one was home after all, the door swung open to reveal a flushed and disheveled Chloe. She was holding up the covers that was loosely wrapped around her, holding it against her breasts. She looked...freshly fucked. Damon's heart was beating so fast, he wondered whether he was having a heart attack.

"Uh-huh?" She said looking like she was irritated for being interrupted from whatever she had been doing.

"Hi, I'm looking for Tristan. Is he here?" Damon asked peering discreetly behind Chloe.

"And you are..."

"Damon. His boyfriend." Damon said, his expression, blank. 

"Oh. The boyfriend." Chloe smirked. "What do you want with him?" Her eyes flashed with disdain as she kept the door partially closed and leaned into the jamb.

"May I come in?" Damon asked tightly.

"It's best if you didn't." She said looking like she was trying to protect someone. Tristan!

Damon congratulated himself on his outward calm because inside, he was a quivering mess. His brain taunted him with images of his Tristan entwined with Chloe in a heated sexual dance.

"Please." Damon said quietly. "I promise this won't take but a minute."

"Suit yourself." She opened the door wide to allow Damon to enter. 

Damon couldn't help but notice Chloe's smug attitude. It was almost as if she had Damon right where she wanted him. He had a feeling something wasn't right but he couldn't put a finger on it. He steeled himself, waiting for his world to come crashing down around him. 

"You can make yourself comfortable." Chloe said.

"Thanks but I don't think that's necessary. Just call Tristan for me and I will be on my way." Damon said in a normal voice, not betraying the fact that he was confused and numb inside.

"Oh but you need to sit for what I'm about to tell you now that you're here." Chloe said sitting in the couch and tucking her feet beneath her.

"Go ahead and talk. I'd rather stand." Damon said folding his arms across his chest.

"Have it your way."

"What did you have to say? I'm all ears." Damon said casually.

"You know Tristan is not gay right? I mean I know you guys probably have sex so you probably think he is. Well he is not. I should know. I'm his girlfriend. You see...we love each other. Whatever he had with you, was just him being adventurous...a fling. So I will urge you...actually we will both be better off if you forget about him and move on. I know who you are. And I know you can easily manipulate and influence people to do what you want. Well, not this time. He is mine and that's how it's going to stay."

It took a while for Damon to realize Chloe had stopped talking. He cocked an eyebrow and cleared his throat.

"I understand all that you've said. But don't you think it will be more realistic if Tristan told me all this himself? Huh?"

"Well he's asleep so you just have to take it from me." Chloe retorted.

Damon shrugged. "I'm not leaving till I see him lady."

Chloe stared at Damon for a while, and then stood up. "I just thought I'd spare you the heartache but if you insist, follow me." Chloe turned and headed towards what Damon assumed was the bedroom."

"I insist, thank you very much." He drawled, following Chloe into her bedroom.

The sight that met Damon made his breath catch in his throat. Tristan was sprawled on the bed on his stomach, his naked body partially covered with the covers. He was fast asleep. Damon almost turned on his heels and left but had to remind himself that he had told himself before coming that he was going to have faith in Tristan. Much as the obvious was staring him in d face, he still had to hear it from Tristan. He just stood and stared at his lover, sleeping so peacefully, his face looking angelic. He was beautiful. Even at a point when Damon felt like screaming in anger, he couldn't help but admire Tristan. Damon smile humourlessly. 

"So what exactly went on here if I may ask? Is it that he's sleeping because he's drunk, or the sex was too great so he just had to fall asleep?" Damon asked in a loud voice.

Chloe smirked and shrugged daintily. "What do you think?"

Damon laughed. "Yeah. Silly me huh?" He slapped his hand against his forehead. "What was I thinking? Of course he probably passed out after some great sex."

Chloe shrugged again, looking as though she believed Damon had genuinely made a mistake. 

Suddenly, Damon felt calm. Whatever was going on there was not as it seemed. For one, Tristan was a very light sleeper. No matter how tired Tristan was, there was no way he would sleep through all that talking. That simply wasn't Tristan.

"So, care to wake him up? I would like to hear everything from...how do they say it...the horse's own mouth." Damon said, inching closer to the bed.

"That's not necessary. I've already told you all there is to know. Just go and look for another boy-toy." Chloe hissed.

"Ow come on, humour me hon. He's breaking my heart here. The least he could do is tell me himself." Damon sat on the bed and shook Tristan gently but he didn't stir.

"Whew! That must have been some sex." Damon muttered. 

"We aim to please. He was obviously not getting anything hot enough." She sneered.

"Obviously not." Damon sighed. "Okay sleepy head. Time to wake up." He shook Tristan harder, but he still didn't move. What the fuck! 

Damon quickly pressed his fingers to the base of Tristan's neck and gave a sigh of relief when he felt his pulse. He then tapped Tristan on the cheek continuously, calling his name the whole time. When Tristan started stirring slightly, Damon breathed another sigh of relief. He knew Tristan didn't do drugs. But the scene had 'drugs' written all over it as he couldn't smell alcohol.

Damon pulled Tristan's slack body towards him and flipped him to sit on his lap. "Hey baby, open your eyes." Damon said lightly tapping Tristan on his cheek.

"Damon?" Tristan said groggily. 

"It's me baby. Look at me." Damon said softly. 

"Feel so weak." Tristan whispered. "Drug."

That's when Damon felt it. He felt wetness on his cheeks. He took a swipe at his cheek and realized he had tears on his face. Shit! He didn't remember the last time he had seen his own tears. 

"What did he take?" He asked Chloe quietly. 

When Chloe remained silent, Damon looked up at her and saw how terrified she looked. He got all the answer he needed then...she had drugged Tristan "What the fuck did you give him?" Damon bellowed, startling Chloe.

Chloe whimpered, knowing she had messed up. Tristan had spoken the truth. He and Damon did love each other. She didn't need to be a genius to know how Damon felt about Tristan. It was right there in the way he was acting. "I...I am so...sorry." She started twisting her fingers in the covers wrapped around her. 

"You can be sorry later. Just tell me what you gave him Chloe. Please." Damon pleaded. He didn't know what he was going to do if whatever drug had a severe effect on Tristan.

"Ecstasy." Chloe muttered but Damon heard her perfectly.

"Jesus! How many hours ago did you give it to him."

"I didn't give him much. It was just to make him..."

"I know exactly what you wanted from him lady. Just tell me how many hours ago he took them and give me his cloths." Damon said dialling Michael's number in the U.S. 

"I...about seven hours ago." Chloe said quickly giving Tristan's cloths to Damon who immediately started dressing Tristan up.

Michael picked up on the second ring. "Jesus don't you sleep Damon?" Michael laughed on the other end of the phone.

"I need your help Michael. Tristan has been drugged. Ecstasy."

"Christ, Damon. What the fuck are you idiots do..."

"Shut up and listen Dr. Twerp. From what I'm being told he didn't take in a lot. But I'm not comfortable with the way he looks. He took it about seven hours ago."

"Have you checked his pulse?"

"It feels normal. He tried to talk and said he felt weak. Hasn't opened his eyes though."

"Is there an increase in his body temperature?"

"No, he feels fine."

"What did he take it with? Alcohol?" Michael asked.

"What did he take it with?" Damon asked a quietly sobbing Chloe.

"Orange juice." She said in a small voice. 

"Orange-fucking-juice Michael." Damon muttered into the phone which was tucked between his ear and shoulder.

"Is the person you're talking to the one who drugged him?"

"Yes." Damon was busily putting Tristan's cloths back on him.

"Let me talk to him." Michael said.

"Her." Damon growled. "Hold on." Damon handed the phone over to Chloe. "He's a doctor. You better tell him everything."

After talking to Michael for a while, during which time Damon finally got everything back on Tristan, Chloe handed the phone back to Damon, looking relieved. But then, she had known Tristan wasn't in any real danger.

"Don't worry Damon. He will be fine. She gave him just a little. She did give him Hydromorphone when he complained of headache a while after taking in the ecst..."

"What the fuck is that?" Damon bellowed.

"That's a really strong painkiller. Don't know how she got them. That's probably why he got knocked out. Damon don't panic, he'll be fine. Just keep an eye on him and allow him to sleep it off."

By the time Damon was done talking to Michael, Chloe was dressed. Damon carried Tristan fireman style and stormed out of the bedroom into the hall and headed for the entrance.

"Are you going to take him to the hospital?" Chloe asked quietly, handing over Tristan's cell phone which had been switched off, to Damon.

"For your sake, I hope it doesn't have to come to that. What the fuck did you want to achieve? Is sex so important to you that you would endanger someone's life just to have it?" Damon asked looking incredulous.

Chloe shook her head vigorously. "It wasn't just for sex. I didn't intend to harm him. I would never do that. I love him."

"And if you had to drug him to have sex, what does that tell you?" Damon roared. 

Chloe started sobbing quietly. "I'm sorry."

Damon sighed and took pity on the sobbing girl. "It's okay. He will be fine. He just has to sleep it off. Just don't pull that stunt ever again. You could kill someone. Alight?"

"Okay. I'm so sorry. Listen, if it's any consolation, he wouldn't do it. He..."

"Wouldn't do what?" Damon sounded impatient. He just wanted to get out of there.

"He wouldn't touch me no matter what I did. He wanted to leave but I wouldn't let him. I locked the door and hid the key. I might as well have allowed him to leave because he ended up giving me the highest insult ever. And that really pissed me off."

Damon's raised an eyebrow, wondering what his brat had said to piss off the 'nice' lady.

Chloe smiled bitterly and whispered. "He attempted to wank off. Said if I wasn't going to allow him to leave, then he had to take care of himself. 

"Well I'm sure the ecstasy was working." Damon muttered.

"You are missing the point." Chloe said in a hard voice. "He had me. You see, he made it clear immediately he got here, that he loved you and that there was no chance for us. I just wanted to remind him how it was between us but he said he wasn't interested." Chloe laughed bitterly. "He wouldn't even share my favourite wine with me for old times' sake. So I told him to have some orange juice then. He really likes that brand."

Damon made a mental note to ask Tristan what brand of orange juice that was.

"I meant it when I said I didn't mean to harm him." Chloe continued, looking at Damon. "You see, I use Ecstasy all the time. Tristan was never a user. I knew I didn't have to give him much to get him in the mood. And it worked too. Only problem was, he wasn't going to allow me anywhere near his dick, even after he realized I had drugged him and he didn't have any control over his erection. He preferred to take care of his hard-on himself. I saw red. I...I hit him on the head."

"You did what?" Damon growled, startling Chloe. Damon couldn't stop the anger that was bubbling up within him all over again at that news. "Are you crazy? Christ!" Damon placed Tristan in a chair and quickly started checking his head for a cut or a bump. "What did you hit him with?" 

"My...my iPad." Chloe stuttered. "He didn't get any cut or swelling. But he did complain of a headache."

"And that's why you gave him the painkiller. Where the fuck did you get those anyway? My friend says you shouldn't have that kind of drug on you."

"A friend gave them to me. I have severe headaches at times." She whined.

"Some friend you got there. They are dangerous and you shouldn't be taking them without a doctor's prescription. Is your friend a doctor?" Damon asked tightly.

"No."

"You have issues lady. What happened when he took the painkiller?"

"He slept some few minutes after. Well I did coax him to go lie in bed so he could at least be comfortable. He was too drowsy to protest."

"Thanks for telling me. I'm still pretty pissed off though. That was a shitty stunt you pulled off." Damon bent to pick Tristan up. "Wait, did you tell my friend you hit Tristan on the head?"

"Yes. I'm surprised he didn't tell you though." Chloe frowned slightly.

Damon gave her a slight smile. "He probably thought I'd kill you."

Chloe smiled back at Damon. "One more thing." She said, laughing softly when Damon groaned. "He was fully clothed when I put him in bed. I stripped him when I saw you at the door."

"You mean all that look," Damon pointed at Chloe, referring to how she looked when she opened the door.

Chloe nodded sheepishly. "I thought if I could convince you we were already...you know, then you would break it off with him and I... that sounds stupid now." Chloe ended with a groan making Damon laugh. No wonder Chloe had taken so long to open the door when he came.

"It sure does. Listen we gotta go. But get off the drugs will you? It will destroy you." Damon advised.

"I will." Chloe said in a small voice.

"Promise?" Damon insisted.

"Promise." Chloe smiled.

"Good." Damon winked at Chloe making her smile through the fresh tears brimming in her eyes.

"You are a good person. No wonder he loves you so much. Tell him I said I'm sorry will you?" She said quietly.

"I will. You take care." And with that, Damon stepped out with Tristan tugged safely in his arms.

***

Tristan woke up with a groan, feeling his stomach heave and knew he was going to throw up. Crap! He quickly rolled off the bed and staggered into the bathroom, barely making it to the toilet before he was retching violently. Damon was hot on his heels. He held Tristan throughout, messaging his back and murmured soothingly to him as horrible dry heaves wracked his body. Tristan tried awkwardly to push Damon away, but he wouldn't move. 

Tristan's head hanged over the toilet as he panted for breath. As soon as he knew he wasn't going to bring out anything again, he sat back against Damon's chest and laid the back of his head on his shoulder, loving the feel of Damon's fingers running through his hair. They stayed like that till Tristan's breath was back under control.
