 Hey guys! Longtime member, first-time publisher! I am already working on part 2 so if you love this which I hope everyone does don't worry part 2 will be finished quickly! I gave myself a deadline of 11/20. Nerves are wrecked publishing this constructive criticism is always welcomed! Thank you! 

Updated as of 11/07

This was supposed to update on 10/31

I am submitting a newer version as I completely posted the wrong unedited version by mistake. And as a Commenter Pointed out that I had used a very well known name for a character who I am a huge flipping fan of, this was not my intention, I had used it in the unedited version as a placeholder and the wrong version got uploaded my apologies to Robcub32 i am truly sorry it was my mistake. I will be working with an editor going forward, so please bear with me on this one! 

Enjoy!

*****

Detention.

The underworld of high school. Where you're punished for things that are or aren't your fault. Like for instance, when your school bus misses your stop completely all the time and you have to walk the 6 miles to school. There are perks to being invisible and then there are downsides. Perks like never really having to converse with others and never really being noticed to the point your principal thinks you're a new student instead of being a senior never having moved at all in your life. The downside is when you're an omega and he is an alpha and you open your mouth to correct him...instant detention. 

After my last class, I made my way to the detention room, the teacher hadn't even arrived yet. So I took the liberty of tucking myself away in the back corner. I took out my notebooks and immediately started on homework.

"Well, well, well," A deep voice called in front of me. "Looks like we got fresh meat boys." I looked up into Charlie Tufts face. He was flanked by Donnie Weis and Jordan Baker. 3/4s of alpha misfits in our town.

"Excuse me?" I asked. Charlie was a short alpha, but was bulky he definitely had a Napoleon complex. His blonde hair was shaved into the typical military high and tight style. With piercing jade green eyes, he was definitely a looker, but a big bully.

"Oh, an omega too!" Donnie smiled as they began flanking my desk. Donnie was freakishly tall he was really lanky with shaggy brown hair and brown eyes.

"So how do we welcome this beautiful omega boys?" Jordan spoke. Jordan was average height with some good definition of his muscles, he was pale with flaming red hair and icy blue eyes...

Wait did he just call me beautiful? I thought.

"He ain't fucking new." A deep scratchy voice called from behind them. Logan Piers aka the missing part of the group, aka top alpha in the group no scratch that the whole school. 6'5 of perfection. Sun-kissed skin, midnight black hair honey golden eyes a square jaw and the plumpest lips ever. He was the fire chief's son so he got away with everything. Some whispered that he was so in tune with his wolf that his eyes sometimes glowed.

"What you mean he ain't new I ain't never seen him before?" Charlie asked.

"God are you dense? He is Cortland Helms' son Liam." Logan growled. "We've gone to the same school since kindergarten idiot."

"But if Helms got a son, then why are you in the running for pack alpha?" Jordan asked.

"You smelled the guy he is an omega." Logan sighed. "Helms' mate died before he could have any other kids."

I flinched. I missed my omega father so much. I was always on the small side just like him. I was 5'8 a Justin Bieber haircut with almost platinum blonde hair. And dark blue eyes. I tried to blend in with outfits and hairstyles never really wanting to stand out even though if I had the courage I would be so pretty. I had spent years looking at magazines with pretty clothing that would show off a figure instead of hiding it. And makeup! Oh my god, lots of makeup! But since my alpha father was the pack alpha, literally the top dog, most of those things were frowned upon as well as apparently talking to me as well, as half of the pack refused to acknowledge me unless I was also in the presence of my father, so instead of spending years becoming who I wanted to be I spent years trying to hide myself away.

"Boys sit down!" Mr. Faulkner voice boomed with a smack of a hand on the desk. Mr. Faulkner was the football coach, was a huge guy, but in the sense, he was chunky in the stomach, but he carried the weight well. The gang dispersed Charlie ended up in the seat in front of me, Donnie behind me, Jordan next to him, and Logan right next to me. "Now you're here till 5 pm, I don't want to hear a peep understood!?" With that, he sat at the desk and immediately stuck his nose into the newspaper.

I don't know how much time had passed as I focused on my history paper when I felt eyes on me. I looked up to see Charlie turned in his seat staring at me. A quick glance over to the desk showed me Mr. Faulkner had stepped out.

"Omega huh?" He asked with a crooked smile. "What's a heat like for you guys?"

"I heard it is amazing at least for the alpha." Donnie chuckled.

"Yeah, the omega presents himself to any alpha just begging for cock." Jordan laughed.

"I wouldn't know, never had one." I swallowed. Charlie and Donnie both leaned close to me and took in a big breath.

"Oh you're close," Donnie whispered in my ear. "Any day now." My anxiety started to skyrocket. 

That's when a growl so powerful it vibrated the desk sounded. Charlie immediately jumped facing forwards again and Donnie sat straight back in his chair.

I felt my now clammy skin returning to normal and my heart beat slowing. I turned to look at Logan he was just casually flipping through a magazine. I could see the muscles in his jaw ticking a sign he was clenching his teeth.

What the fuck was that? I thought or at least I did until Logan responded.

"They will leave you alone now." Logan growled as he flipped the page, not even making eye contact.

"Wait how did you guys learn about omega heats and stuff?" I asked curiously. I loved my alpha father, but he had no clue what to do with an omega son. This time Logan's head popped up as he stared at me.

"You seriously don't know?" Logan asked. I shook my head no. He sighed and stood up. 

"Get your shit." He spoke as he made his way to the front door. "Fuckner comes back tell him Liam puked." He said to Charlie who nodded. I was still stunned when he turned back to me. "Are you coming or what?" He then walked out of the class as I shoved everything in my backpack and raced after him. I finally caught up with him as we neared the library.

"What are we doing here? They don't have books on omega stuff like that." I asked in a whisper, and I knew that because I had looked... A lot. 

"Not in the main part no." He smiled and my heart stopped his teeth were perfect and straight and oh so fucking gorgeous. He pulled the door open and pushed me through it, shutting it behind us; immediately walking to a door labeled employees only.

"Are you insane we will get expelled!" I yelled only to have his Logan clamp his hand over my mouth.

"We will if you don't fucking keep quite!" He growled into my face his eyes glowing. I was immediately enthralled by them. He let go of my mouth and jimmied his knife, that he grabbed from his pocket, into the door lock, the door popped open very quickly. 

"So how many times have you done that before?" I asked with an eye roll as he pulled me into the dark tiny room.

"You'll understand once you see this video fucking better than porn." He laughed as he began rummaging around. "It was supposed to be used as a sex education film, but the parent thought it was too graphic for our younger minds." He laughed as he popped in a DVD into the player and cut a TV on. He leaned back against a countertop that was connected with shelves as the movie begin to play.

Clearly, what was an omega came onto the screen, clearly also in the middle of a heat. The omega was in the middle of a huge bed with his face down and his ass sticking up as far as it would go with three, no four fingers, buried in his hole. I stepped closer to watch.

"An omega in heat will become driven by the need to present to an alpha." The voice-over begins. "In the early stages when an omega is still coherent may try to stave off the need for an alpha, but using replacements such as fingers or alpha dildos but eventually the need will be too much for the omega to fight any longer and will seek out his rightful alpha."

"Rightful alpha?" I asked not taking my eyes from the screen.

"When an omega goes into heat he begins to search for his Alter Fatali, fated one." The voice-over continued. "Most packs now have trials once an omega goes into heat they are placed in an arena where alphas can begin their rut."

At the time the screen panned to the left to see three naked bulky alphas eyes latched on the omega but one seemed to be boiling with anger.

"When an alpha goes into a rut around an omega in heat he becomes hostile of any alpha, beta, or even other omegas until he can claim his Alter Fatali."

The alpha in the middle let out a growl, and the camera panned back right just in time to see the omega whimper, pulling his fingers out of himself and shifted his hole towards the awaiting alpha.

"At this stage, the omega knows his mate is around and presents even more at this stage. Pay close attention to the alpha as he approaches his mate."

The alpha immediately drops to his knees and begins licking up his omegas wetness swallowing mouth fulls, before standing and quickly pushing his cock into the waiting omega.

I felt a hand graze over my ass.

"You're drenched baby." Logan's voice growled in my ear. Suddenly I could feel the wetness pouring out of me, my pants were soaked. I felt Logan's hand glide down and reach the front of my junk. As I continued watching the video as the alpha pounded away at the omega.

"At this stage, the omega is calming, the panic is fading, replaced with a primal urge to breed as much as he can over the next 3-5 days or until a pregnancy takes place." 

The voice faded away as you could now hear the whimpers and grunts of the couple.

I now felt a cold hand on my bare ass. I jumped.

"What are you doing?!" I shouted as Logan clamped a hand over my mouth.

"Be quiet!" He growled. "Now continue watching the video," I felt 2 of his fingers slip inside of my hole. "God baby your dripping." He twisted his fingers and pushed deep inside me. My knees gave out and I caught myself in the countertop the TV sat on. "My pretty little untouched Fatali, have you had your first orgasm yet?" He asked slowly dragging his fingers in and out of me.

In our culture the first orgasm was sacred for omegas and belonged to your alpha it was called, Voluptatem. It was a way to keep omegas pure of heart until mating. It was an ass-backward tradition considering that alphas were pretty much told to sleep with betas and widowed omegas until they found their mate.

I shook my head no as I began to push back against his fingers. "Logan?" I asked in a moan.

"Shh baby keep watching I'm going to make you feel so good baby watch." He pointed my face back to the screen.

"As the alphas' thrusts become more irregular you noticed a strain this is called knotting."

Logan's fingers pushed into me, causing me to gasp with pleasure as I gripped harder on the counter.

"Knotting is when an alpha begins the final stage and begins to fill their omegas with their semen, in hope of reproduction. The base of the alphas' penis begins to swell with blood creating a balloon of sorts locking the alpha and omega together until it finally deflates. At the time of inflation is when the alpha should deliver the mating bite, sealing their souls together as one."

Suddenly I was pulled back into a hard chest.

"Do you feel that baby?" Logan growled in my ear as he pressed against that place again causing me to shiver. I nodded. "No, use your words, baby."

"Yes, I feel it." I gasped again as he began furiously rubbing that spot. I feel a tense insane pleasure building.

"I can't wait for you to go into heat because mark my words Liam you are mine and I will give you my knot in front of everyone here to see." His breath was right in my ear, as he bit down on my neck I could now feel the precum dripping from my cock.

"How do you know if you're my Alter Fatali?" I moaned, trying to take Logan's fingers deeper.

"I don't" Logan stuttered "and just in case your Voluptatem, is mine." He growled biting back down.

"Fuck Logan more, please fucking more I..I...I can't please!" I was now screeching. He lifted his hand and clasped it around my throat as he added another finger in. I felt so full but it wasn't reaching where I needed it to be. I whimpered and groaned thrusting my ass backward. I felt another finger slip inside of me.

"Oh fuck baby you're about to take my fucking fist." He groaned. Then his hand tightened around my throat as he fingers were now able to reach deeper.

"Fuck!" I screamed as cum came rushing out of my cock and wetness drained out of my hole. "Logan! Fuck! Don't stop!" I screamed. As Logan continued his assault on my ass with his fingers. My whole body began shaking and clutching. "Logan!"

"Hold still baby I've got you." He groaned as I begin to come down for the earth shattering orgasm. I felt his fingers pull out of me releasing me from my orgasm. As I heard a slapping sound from behind me filled by a long drown out groan and warm wetness painted my ass.

"Logan?"I whispered. Trying to lift my body, but just couldn't.

"Stay still baby, let me clean you up." He whispered back and soon I felt his tongue lapping against my hole causing me to shiver more. The warm wetness had its place taken with a drying coolness. So I was pulled up and spun around and Logan's lips crushed mine, I soon felt something warm and salty mix with my tongue. I realized I was tasting both of us and damn it tasted amazing.

Suddenly the alpha on the video roared clamping his teeth down in the omegas neck ceiling the bond, making me jump, which in return caused Logan to laugh.

"What just happened?" I whispered, looking up at Logan.

"It's a long story, baby." Logan sighed cupping my cheek rubbing his thumb against my lips. I smiled at what he called me. I glanced down and saw that Logan's cock was still standing at attention. I gasped as huge as it was if the time came and he was my Alter Fatili how would that even fit? I looked back up locking our eyes together, he smirked and began to push his cock back into his jeans as I reached down to pull my back up, they were somewhat dry thank god slick dried fast.

"What do I tell my father when I get home?" I asked in a whisper.

"Nothing you don't mention this," I made a face at that. "You'll find out soon enough okay, just act like normal, your father will be able to smell your heat on you."

"And then what happens?"

"And then your father will arrange the tournament. And all eligible alphas will compete for you." He sighed, looking deep into my eyes his.

"Compete? I thought it was just to see who was my Alter Fatali?" I stepped back. Logan sighed and rubbed his hands over his face.

"Liam whoever mates you is the next pack alpha."

"Okay so?" I place my hands on my hips.

"Okay so, they're not going to let you mate in some wimp." He growled. "Whoever reacts to you will have to fight each other or your dad." Logan sighed again.

"But I thought only one alpha will react?" I gasped.

"Yeah if you weren't the alphas heir. Your Alter Fatali will but others will fake it, but if they win and all they need to do is seal the bond with a bite and it forever severs your bond with your Alter Fatali." My world stopped.

I had forgotten about that fact. If a mating bond was placed by anyone other than your Alter Fatili, it will sever and connection to them. While over the decade's omegas have definitely gotten more rights there were still so really ridiculous traditions that definitely favored the strongest of the alphas. And me being the only heir whoever I mated with would eventually take over for my father. But still I wasn't a prize to be won, I was a person, and as of right now I had no say over my future.

"Are you fucking kidding me?!" I screamed. Logan's hand immediately clamped over my mouth.

"Jesus Liam!" He growled in a hushed tone.

"Well, well, well, what do we have here?" A voice called from the door. I shifted my eyes to stare at Brady O'Connell. The star quarterback. Alpha douche....entitled douche. He was big as a mountain. A giant red mountain with his flaming red hair. His eyes resembled mud and his skin was pale but covered in freckles.

"Fuck off Cuntell." Logan growled dropping his hand off my mouth and wrapping his arms around my waist pulling me in tight.

"Wait until his daddy hears about this." Brady laughed. Brady's dad John was best friends with my father. And his second in command.

"Hears about what?" I asked twisting in Logan's arms.

"That his perfect angel was deflowered in a school closest." Brady laughed.

"For your information, I was not deflowered." I put air quotes around deflowered. "And if you tell my father about this I'll tell yours about Mr. Cains tractor!"

A year ago when I was helping out with my dad on old man Cains' farm I had caught Brady on Cains' $6000 tractor drunk. After several attempts to get him off, he successfully drove said tractor into the lake. Threatening that if I told anyone it would be the last thing I did.

"Oh I can't wait to breed your little ass finally find a fucking use for you," Brady growled. 

"Only if someone already hasn't." He eyes cut to Logan.

"You aren't touching me ever!" I shouted, Stomping my foot.

"Oh, honey you've been promised to me since day one the tournament is just for show." He threw his head back and laughed.

"We will fucking see about that," Logan growled this time. I started stomping past him when I felt a hand grab my arm.

And then all chaos broke out. Logan dove for Brady and then the fists started flying. I tried to pull them apart but ended up catching Brady's elbow to my mouth. And then Logan turned feral tossing Brady threw one of the library stacks. His eyes were glowing his wolf was close to the surface. He turned towards me and before he could even step towards me and an electric shock sound dropped him to his knees.

"Logan!" I screamed as I rushed to him. Mr. Faulkner stood over him with a taser.

"My office now!" He growled and yelled at the same time. I gulped helping Logan up as Brady stood up in what was left of one of the stacks, eyes daggered at Logan.

We all marched towards the main offices all waiting on the doom we were gonna face as all our parents were being called. Logan's father was the last to arrive, I didn't know our fire chief was an omega. I stared at him in shock as he smiled gently at me. Logan looked like the more muscular and refined version of his omega father but where he had honey gold eyes, Chief Piers had deep blue eyes. He stood about close to my height as well if not an inch or two shorter.

"So who wants to tell us what happened?" My father asked. My father was a gentle giant huge mountain of a man but wouldn't hurt a fly unless provoked. He was about 6'6 with dark brown hair massive shoulders, a square jaw, green-brown eyes, and tan as all could get out. He had the dominating presence that just made everyone just want to pay attention to him. His alpha influence was strong with one word could bring the strongest alpha to their knees.

"Well obviously if that feral mutt is involved we know who's fault it is." John spoke first, Logan growled. His father immediately reached out whacking him on top of the head.

"Knock that the fuck off." Chief Piers growled. "And you," he put his finger right in Johns' face. "Don't you dare blame this on my son!" I couldn't help but smile at how feisty he was being.
