 Hello everyone! 

So sorry it took me a month long to get this out then I expect had personal issues come up. But I am back and here is part 3! Part 4 will hopefully but out shortly! 

Thank you everyone for your kind words and support they mean everything to me!

Enjoy,

L. Darling

*****

I awoke Friday morning and my body was tense, a warmness had settled into my body. I sat up remembering that tomorrow was the tournament before I could think about it more a knock sounded at my door.

"Liam you up?" my father's deep voice called.

"Yeah," I called back. My father stepped into my room, his massive frame took up most of the doorway.

"Your principal called yesterday to inform me that they suspended you until you're mated." 

"Yeah because of your announcement." 

"He also informed me that you were seen leaving the school grounds with Logan Piers?" He asked, I just stared at him. I wasn't going to lie or even try to defend myself. The sigh my father had just made, told me he already knew the truth. "Dammit, Liam I thought we spoke about this!" 

"No, you spoke and expected me to listen and follow blindly like always!" I screamed back, jumping out of bed. "I am not mating Brady, I feel nothing towards him, he is arrogant, and a complete and total ass!" I began counting on my fingers. "Logan is my Alter Fatili and you know it! Everyone knows it!"

"Luna give me strength! You're going to the doctors to confirm you're not already pregnant!" He growled.

"Are you fucking kidding me right now?!" I screamed. "I haven't fucking slept with him!" 

"You expect me to believe you?!" he growled. "Logan will never be the alpha of this pack! And until the tournament you are staying in this fucking house!" he yelled slamming my door. 

I was flabbergasted. My own father didn't believe or respect a single word I had said. He and Papa raised me to know better. I wasn't a stupid kid anymore! And I was going to prove to him I wasn't. I quickly got dressed, throwing on my jeans and a baggy hoodie and slipping on my sneakers. I marched out my door and down the stairs to face my father in the kitchen. 

"Look I get it, okay I honestly do, you want to protect me because you feel that you couldn't protect papa." My father opened his mouth to speak but I raised my hand up to stop him. "No, let me finish. Ever since I was little, I thought something was wrong with me but recently I felt free for the first time in my life. I am happy, father. You may have your mind made up about Logan and fine because I can't change your mind, but I hope this isn't the case. He is a strong alpha and you know this. He makes me happy and yes you can argue that we don't know each other well but who's fault is that?" I asked. "You kept us apart knowing there was a pull between us. I am not a kid anymore you have to let me make my own mistakes okay? Tomorrow the tournament will happen, and you will have no say in who I pick but let's be honest we both know who it will be. So, you have about 24 hours to pick a side father, your pack or your own flesh and blood." And with that, I turned on my heels and ran out the front door.

I had started walking down the street when I heard footsteps behind me. I turned and saw Charlie walking behind me. 

"What Charlie?" I stopped and asked as he jogged to catch up with me. 

"Nothing I was put on babysitting duty," Charlie said nonchalantly as he kicked the sidewalk with his boot. 

"Babysitting duty?" I asked confused. He couldn't mean me?

"Before your wheels start turning omega boy, any unmated alpha right now can smell you from miles away you really shouldn't be outside." He explained. "Logan is busy at work right now, so he asked me to make sure you were accompanied anywhere you went today. 

"Fuck!" I stomped my foot. "I got into it with my father and completely fucking forgot." Even though I was set to be mated off which protected me from alphas in our pack. Our pack backed up right into the outlands if there was a feral alpha anywhere within miles, they would be able to smell my heat. "Where does Logan work?"

"Downtown at Mack Garage," Charlie spoke. "If you wanna go, my car is parked around the corner." I nodded and followed Charlie to his car.

**

Upon arriving, I immediately scented Logan as soon as I opened the passenger car door. And I simply just followed my nose. Which lead to me finding Logan covered in grease bent over a car, hands buried deep in it as he tightened something. He looked like he has stepped out of one of those movies, the moment I saw him I could feel the slick starting to drip out of me, and Logan scented it immediately marching forward towards Charlie growling. 

"Dude chill I brought him to you!" Charlie growled back as he stuck his hands up in surrender. I whimpered as my nose caught wind of the pheromones Logan had just released to prove his dominance over Charlie. Logan immediately turned towards me. 

"What are you doing here?!" he asked in a condemning tone like I had done something wrong. I was immediately taken back by his tone. 

"Well if that's how you are going to speak to me, I'll just go then." I scoffed as I turned to walk away Logan grabbed my arm and pulled me back towards his chest. 

"Stop." He growled in my ear. "Until tomorrow you are not going anywhere alone." I jerked out of his grip.

"Don't you think I know that! I am not a child and I fucking wish everyone would stop treating me that way!" I screamed and stomped out of the garage. I needed fresh air my head was spinning ,I walked down the side of the garage. 

I felt like I was going insane, my body was heating up, I felt like I was on fire. I couldn't handle how everyone was treating me like I was some stupid child. Okay so maybe I was acting like one a little bit, but I had every right to... Right? God, it was times like this I wished I had my papa around. I had looked up and seen that the back of the garage had lined up perfectly with the park. I found a nice shady tree and plopped my ass down.

The park was peaceful, you could hear the squeals and laughter of children across the pond that divided the park. I absentmindedly place my hand on my stomach realizing that in a few short days I would be carrying a pup or two. That thought made my heart happy. I thought about my life and where it was going. The unknown scared me I did not like it, but knowing that Logan would be by my side, made it seem less scary. 

"Over there is where it all happened, you know?" Logan's voice called as he sat down behind me, pulling me in between his legs, wrapping his arms around my shoulders. He was referring to the day when he shifted as a pup. 

"Sorry for storming out... Lately, my head has been a mess." I said as I snuggled back into him. 

"I know baby, and I'm sorry I shouldn't have talked to you like that." He kissed the back of my head. "Charlie told me you had a fight with your dad?"

"Yeah, the principal called him to inform him I was seen leaving school grounds with you. He wanted to take me to the doctors to see if I was pregnant yet." I rumbled.

"He just loves you baby."

"How can you defend him when he condemns you?" I asked sitting up turning to face him.

"Because in his eyes no one will ever be good enough for you. All he wants is what's best for you."

"You mean best for the pack." I scoffed. 

"No baby for you." He smiled. "Think about if you had a son that had little to no respect in a community you ran only because his ability to make beautiful babies, wouldn't you want to make sure that whoever your son grew up to be with was going to make sure he got that respect but was also protected?" 

"Well, I never thought of it like that." I sighed. Logan was right. "God I'm a bitch." I laughed as the tears started rolling down my face. Logan cupped my face wiping the tears as they fell. 

"No, you are not. Your dad knows that with me there is a chance people could turn on us and force us out. Brady is the safer choice." Logan explained. 

"But he is not my choice," I said staring into his honey gold eyes. 

"No, you are mine, Liam," Logan growled as he crushed his lips against mine. I will never understand how someone's lips could be so soft. Logan rolled us over as he perfectly settled in between my legs. His kiss was demanding, and it felt like his life depended on the kiss itself. I could feel the love as his tongue traced over my bottom lip. I felt the hunger as his teeth nibble on my lower lip. I felt Logan's rough hand slip into the back of my jeans. I felt his fingers caressed my crack. "Soaking wet," Logan mumbled into my lips. 

"All for you baby," I mumbled back. The amount of slick I was producing was embarrassing, I could feel the back of my pants were soaked. Logan's fingertips grazed my hole when we heard the clearing of a throat behind us. 

We both looked behind us to see Mr. Piers, Logan's dad, standing behind us. 

"Boys," He started. "What on earth do you think you are doing?" He asked as Logan pulled back sitting on, he heels helping me up with him. "Mr. Helms you shouldn't be out here, it is not safe." I could feel my skin blush as I took hold of logans arm trying to hide behind him. 

"Papa stop," Logan sighed running his free hand over his face. "I was just about to take him home." 

"Well see that you do The Alpha is worried about him." Mr. Piers sighed and turned and walked back toward the garage. 

"I guess that's my cue to get you home then," Logan said pulling me back around the front of the garage. 

"But I don't wanna go home." I pouted. 

"Baby, 24 hours and I promise you'll never have to leave my side again," Logan said as he pulled me into a hug. I sighed and climbed onto the back of his bike.

Once we reached my house, I saw my dad standing at the window. Once he caught sight of us, he rushed outside. 

I had climbed off the bike by the time he had reached us as he pulled me into a hug. 

"My god you're okay, all I could scent was you and alpha and exhaust I thought you had been kidnapped!" 

"No, it was just Charlie he took me to Logan." I tried to calm my father. My father pulled back from me now eyeing Logan, who had also climbed off his bike. 

"Thank you for bringing him home." My father said tucking me into his side. 

"We've never really been properly introduced," Logan said stepping forward holding out his hand. 

"I know who you are." My father growled. 

"No, you do not," Logan growled back. "You know of me, and not even of me, you know the angry pissed off teenage little shit I was. That is not me anymore." 

"Still disrespectful I see." 

"Dad!" I yelled. 

"Give respect to get respect, Mr. Helms isn't that your motto?" Logan sneered. 

"Would Y'all stop!" I screamed stepping in between them. "And I thought I was the immature one." 

They both muttered sorry and took steps back from each other. I turned towards Logan, who immediately grabbed me up and kissed me like he had never before. It was so passionate when he pulled away my lips followed to try to continue it. He gave me a light peck before releasing me. 

"Tomorrow." He stated. 

"Tomorrow." I copied. He turned and threw one leg over his bike starting it up with a quick nod to my father, he zoomed out of there. 

I turned on my heels and glared at my father, before marching back into the house. I went straight to my room and flopped down on my bed the quicker I fell asleep the sooner tomorrow would come. 

I awoke with shortness of breath. I could feel the sweat pouring off my body. In my head, all I could hear was a chant saying Alpha repeatedly. 

"Logan!" I called out to the darkness. My door cracked open to reveal Mr. Piers. He rushed to the side of my bed. 

"Oh, sweet angel your heat is in full swing." Mr. Piers said as he brought a cup to my lip. "Drink this it will help you stay alert and calm." It was bitter but as soon as it hit my stomach, I felt my body cool. 

"I want Logan." I whimpered. 

"I know sweetheart, but you can't right now." He sighed as he pushed my hair out of my face. 

"Where's my father?" I asked. 

"He couldn't stay in the house with you once your heat went into full swing. He is at the arena making sure everything is good to go. Making sure the alphas are there." He explained. 

"Why are you here?" 

"Someone needs to get you to the arena." He chuckled. 

"What's it like?" I asked as he stood and turned towards my closet.

"Well, I wouldn't know how the arena feels." He said as he began pulling out clothes for me. 

"What?" I asked confused every omega had to go through the arena. 

"I was mated to someone before my first heat and on the day of the tournament, I ran. I knew the person who was going to be forced into mating me if my Alter Fatili didn't present himself was in love with another omega. I ended up escaping and was found by Lucas," He explains. I looked at him confused. "Lucas was, is, Logan's father my true alter Fatili." 

"Do you miss him?" I asked in a whisper. 

"All the time, I can't be mad at him, because the members of this pack are jackasses. He was an amazing mate and an even better father." He answered as he helped pull a shirt over my head. "He loves Logan more than anything in this world."

"Then why doesn't he come around?" 

"Because it would mean certain death. Ferals are not allowed on pack lands without the Alphas consent." It had clicked in my heat-addled brain as to why everyone was so against Logan being pack alpha. 

"Wait is that why- "I started.

"Yes, everyone thinks that when Logan becomes Alpha, he will allow the feral to roam the pack lands." Mr. Piers sighed, as he helped me slip on sweat pants. 

"That is ridiculous Logan would never do something like that." I gasped. 

"People are scared of the unknown and they know Logan will be loyal to his father." 

"But- "I began to once again defend him when Mr. Piers shh me. 

"Now is not the time. Let's get you to the arena." He smiled at me and ushered me out of the house. Today was going to be the first day of the rest of my life.

The heat scorched across my body as I stood in the middle of the arena. My cock was hard, and my hole was aching to be filled as I stood with every eye in town on me, I had to refrain from dropping down and shoving my fingers inside of myself. 

"Release the alphas!" A voice I believed was my father was announced over the intercom. A door started to slowly shutter open as all eligible alphas started filling in. My eyes scanned the crowd until my eyes had landed on one alpha, Logan. 

My wolf immediately wanted to run to him. But I couldn't. He had to make it to me. Alphas parted for him as began making his way towards the front. My lips tingled with the reminisce of his kiss last night before he dropped me off. He had grabbed me and kissed me with everything he had in him. And in that one kiss, I knew that he was mine and I was his. 

Logan's posture changed as his eyes locked into mine, his body started shaking, his rut was starting. He threw his head back and roared with so much power the alphas around him dropped to their knees and a whine released in my throat. My feet were moving before I had any inclination of what I was doing when another roar stopped me dead in my tracks. 

No, is all I could think. It was Brady who let out the roar. While it was powerful it wasn't as loud as Logans. Logan's eyes immediately shifted from mine to his. Logan's eyes glowed with anger. All the other alphas began to back out of the arena, scattering. I knew I had to stop this, I knew Logan would not rest until Brady was done for and at that point no matter if he was my Alter Fatili he would be exiled. 

They both squared off, circling each other. Brady lunged. My heart stopped for a moment but Logan side stepped landing a blow to Brady's jaw which caused him to land awkwardly on his face. I whimpered which caused Logan to take his attention off Brady. And it clicked on how I could get his attention. I started whimpering louder and whining. I dropped to my knees presenting my ass high in the air and Logan immediately zeroed in on me. Brady still hadn't moved until Logan went to step over him and Brady grabbed his leg. Logan immediately turned fist flying and my whimpering wasn't helping, scrambling what to do I screamed. 

"Alpha!" It came out more like a roar than a scream. But Logan immediately froze and turned toward me and then as quick as lightning he was on me. 

"I need to be inside you now." He growled I knew his wolf was very close to the surface. I moaned and pushed my ass back toward him. My slick was pouring out of me this point. I immediately felt Logan's tongue against my hole as he drank in my slick. 

"Logan, I can't it's too strong please!" I whined. He got on his knees as he pressed the tip of his cock against my hole. I screamed as he shoved it all the way in. 

"Baby I can't hold back." Logan moan as he accented each word with a thrust of his cock. 

"Don't you dare." I moaned as I pushed myself up on my hands and rocked back with each one of his thrust are bodies synching in perfection. I felt his front touch my back as his arm circled my chest pulling me back with him. At this angle, his cock was reaching deeper into me. I could feel his knot beginning to swell. 

"You feel that don't you Liam," Logan growled in my ear as his tongue traced the ridges of my ear. I nodded vigorously trying to push myself further on to his cock. "This is going to go fast but don't worry you are going to spend the rest of your life on my cock." I shivered as his thrusting picked up. I could feel my orgasm building and when Logan shifted his hips his cock began ramming that magical place inside of me. 

"Yes, Logan right there please don't stop please don't I'm going to cum." I moaned as his hand moved from my chest to my throat. I felt his breath on my neck as his cock swelled inside of me more keeping constant pressure on my prostate. 

"I am going to cum and you are going to cum with me," Logan instructed as he pulled all the way out forcefully slamming into my stretched hole roaring at the skies. His seed flooded into me as his knot swelled locking us together. My orgasm snapped causing me to scream and shake. I felt Logan's teeth sink into my neck, the pain and euphoria cause my cock to shoot more cum. Logan thrust once more shoving his cock further in me as he sank down in exhaustion to rest on his feet.

"My alpha." I sighed and relaxed back into him. His arms closed around me as the mating bite started to heal, he snuggled his face into my neck. 

I felt him tense behind me and that is when I heard the roar. A huge auburn wolf was racing towards us and we were helpless. Logan nor I could shift without hurting each other. I recognized the wolf it was John O'Connell. I screamed, and Logan twisted us sideways as it lunged for me. As we tumbled the pull of his knot made me scream in pain. We landed with my face down as I felt Logan cover me with his body. I heard the snapping of jaws and then a growl and then Logan howled long and hard in pain. 

I could feel the thumping of paws on the ground as more wolves approached but with another bite, I knew they wouldn't get here fast enough. 

"Logan shift!" I pleaded. 

"NO! I will hurt you." He screamed as the wolf landed another bite. 

"I'll be fine fucking shift!" I could feel the warm blood that belonged to Logan trickle down my arms. I felt Logan began to shift as he pulled out of my body knot and all causing me to scream once again in pain. Once he was out, I scooted backwards out of the way as a massive black wolf now stared down the smaller auburn wolf. 

Logan lunged knocking the wolf backward. Teeth snapped, and claws scraped. I then could scent the wolves that had come upon us. They were all grey, all with their own markings and they stood in front of me creating a wall and I realized that it was Charlie, Donnie, and Jordan. I glanced over to see Brady starting to stand on his own he quickly shifted once he caught a glimpse of his father being pinned. 
