 The motorway stretched out darkly before my headlights. A quick view of the fuel meter told me it was time to pull over at the next services area before I ended up walking the rest of the way to Scotland.

I was in the rental car I had picked several hours before at Heathrow and was headed up to a little rendezvous in Scotland. Business mixed with pleasure. I had stopped a few times earlier for some munchies and petrol, but I guess time had just slipped away from me on the drive. It had gotten darker and the sky was just entering those last longing moments of daylight called the gloaming.

The landscape was beautiful - if not a little deserted. 

Fortunately after another twenty minutes I happened upon a little hole in the wall petrol station. The motorway was completely deserted, but the lights of the station were bright and welcoming.

I got out and after fiddling with the damn pump for a moment finally got the juice flowing.

It was then that a car roared to a stop at the pumps opposite to mine. Now I can act as straight as the next jock, but I don't know jack shit about cars. Just never that interested I guess. I did know enough to realize it was a 'muscle car' and that it sure wasn't typical for these parts.

The driver got out. My heart skipped a beat.

He was one long tall drink of water. His back was to me as he stepped out of the car. I watched the black leather of his jacket and it bunched and stretched over his broad shoulders. As he turned to look over the pumps I saw his face in profile. His strong firm jaw, slopping softly enough to avoid appearing too hard, complemented his handsome face. His thick delicate lips, far to luscious to belong on a man were far more suited for a woman. They were actually pretty.

His dark hair was styled just right, but with enough strands out of place to make it look really cool, and just enough curl to make my pulse faster. I couldn't see his eyes for the dark shades he wore (as late as it was) to complement the bomber jacket.

He bent in to select his nozzle and leaned forward enough for me to see his tight jeans painted on the curve of his finely shaped ass.

I think my mouth may have actually been watering at that point.

He turned around and put his nozzle into tank and it was only then that he seemed to notice me standing at my own vehicle. He appeared to be looking right at me, but I wasn't sure with the shades on.

I thought to myself, 'Man, you have got to pull yourself together.'

The clanking noise of my pump stopping brought me shockingly back into reality. As straight acting as I could possibly be, I swaggered over to the door to pay the attendant. I gave him the stranger a nod as I passed, which he smoothly returned.

Trying to put him out of my mind, I paid the cashier the money I owed him. I was momentarily put off by the price of petrol and the rude behavior of the attendant. The guy was pretty young, in his early twenties presumably, and handsome in a cold sort of way. If I could have gotten past his unpleasant demeanor I would have liked his red hair. He probably had some Irish in him somewhere.

On the other side of the counter I absent-mindedly adjusted my package and realized I was starting to pack a water woody from all that I'd drunk earlier in the car. I looked around for the john and found it on the far side of the station.

As I walked to the bathroom door I noticed the guy was walking in towards the main door. I tried to steal a casual glance without making it look like I was watching him.

The john in this place, like most public bathrooms in petrol stations, had seen better days. On the wall near the door was a machine offering a choice of extra safe condoms or ribbed condoms for extra pleasure each for a pound. Well my pocket was jingling with pound coins, but alas there wasn't an eligible lass or lad waiting for me. There were two rusty urinals that looked more like holes in the wall than the ones I was used to in the States. At the far end was a stall with the toilet.

I chose the urinal closest to the door, and with great relief took out my pecker for a nice long piss. It wasn't five seconds from the time that my hot stream had hit the porcelain, than the guy gave the bathroom door a mighty swing and swaggered over to the other urinal. I heard him unzip and in a second his stream began to flow as well.

"Nice night for it," he said jokingly, in this sultry low voice and with an accent I couldn't quite place - somewhere in England I guessed.

"Yeah," I managed to mumble back to him.

I wanted desperately to look over at his outstretched equipment, but I had no clue what might happen if I did. I wasn't really looking for any kind of fight tonight.

When I could no longer resist I glanced as casually as possible over at him only to see that he was unashamedly looking over my equipment!

I was so shocked at first I couldn't find the any breath to form a coherent word. His green long lashed eyes lingered into mine for a moment before returning their piercing gaze at my now stiffening cock.

I was still embarrassed by my display, but his erotic behavior was turning me on more and my dick hardened more rigidly.

He moved in towards me, his flaccid penis hanging out from his tight jeans. I wasn't really looking at it though, because he had me fixed in his sights by this time. Those gorgeous green eyes were hypnotic. Gracefully he was managing to corner me against the door, and I was letting him.

Now I'm not a small boy. I played football in high school and in college, but this guy was my equal and more. I felt like a hooker in a bar full of sailors. He put his hand against the door so that his arm blocked my only avenue of escape. As if I even wanted to leave. My mind was still reeling from the surge of adrenaline. I still knew nothing about this guy and I wanted to avoid some violent scene. My heart on the other hand was aching to stay.

His free hand reached down to caress my now raging boner. His meaty hand firmly encircled my thick dick. His thumb gently massaged the underside of my massive mushroom head.

There was not point in trying to stop anything now. He was not to be denied and I didn't have the will or the desire to try.

I melted into him as he pulled me in to kiss him deeply and firmly on the mouth. His strength jerked me like a rag doll against his powerful body. Our lips and tongues were desperate to devour and taste each other's mouths.

I desired him desperately, I needed him now, and I wanted him here. His kisses had long put all thoughts of propriety out the window.

"I want to be thoroughly fucked," I moaned in his ear. I began clawing at his clothing trying to get off his jacket and shirt. His hands slipped under my t-shirt to grope at the muscles of my chest.

I got his jacket off and it fell to the floor, flowed by my shirt. Why the hell was he wearing a button down shirt under that jacket? He and I fumbled for what seemed like hours trying to undo all the little buttons. Soon we were both standing in our jeans, sporting mammoth erections and admiring each other's bodies. He was a magnificent piece of work, built like a sculpture with classical lines. I wanted to get to know the feel and shape of every muscle.

He was in total control of the situation. He reached into his pocket and took out some shiny gold pound coins and walked over to condom dispenser and got some packets of the extra safe.

Anticipating this, I was removing my jeans and boxers down from around my own straining manhood. I watched him peel those jeans off his ass and down to the floor. I lowered myself down onto his jacket and he towered above me, his dick giving a sporty salute as it bobbed around over his two hairy balls.

I couldn't wait any more and I moved up to suck those balls into my mouth, one at a time, working them delicately around over and under my tongue. He gave out a low groan of pleasure. I moved up to work on the shaft of that mighty prick, caressing it, sucking and licking it from the base to purple cut tip, tasting the salty pre-cum as it began to ooze out of the hole at the end. Oh, god I wanted that thing inside me.

As if he knew what I was thinking he interrupted the blowjob I was giving him and gently pushed me away. I reclined to floor, steadying myself with one hand and I used the other to spread the slick pre-cum of my own dick around my shaft, jerking off. He grinned as he turned fully towards me and removed the foil from two of the condoms, rolling them with patience down his mighty prick. The two sheaths strained around his size and length.

He climbed on me delicately considering his strength, roughly trying to take me with his tongue and dick at the same time. His mouth enclosed mine and we were breathing as one person. I felt, rather than saw, his tool below stroking against my own needy member. Then he lifted my legs over his shoulders, exposing my naked ass for his amusement. His condoms were tight and rubbery against my flesh.

Our hands groped over each other bodies, feeling every valley and ridge of muscle. My sparse chest hair brushed up against his smooth chest. My hand reached down to help guide him towards my rosy ass, and he repositioned himself for access.

Our immediate pleasure wasn't to be realized when he stalled at the entrance to my hole. Although I'm no stranger to sex, his thick, unlubricated tank couldn't penetrate my barrier without something to oil the way. He tried his spit, but that just wasn't enough to slick down the friction of the condoms. Finally he took a handful of pink soap from the dispenser near the sink and smeared it over his cock and over the opening of my ass.

I looked into his eyes as I finally felt that glorious longed for penetration, filling me fully and completely; there was no pain after he allowed me to contract around his size before he began moving in and out. His face was awash with pleasure, and it satisfied me to know that I was the cause of it.

His strokes moved in and out, slowly and evenly at first. His groans became more demanding as he moved faster, harder. My ass was getting the most exquisite pleasure from the tool sawing into my insides.

His breathing became more ragged after several minutes and I sensed that he would cum soon. Then suddenly I felt him stiffen and shudder, as he must have cum deep within me, those condoms holding back the waves of his sperm. He pulled his enormous dick from me and looked down lovingly at my face.

My need had been completed ignored in this entire exchange and the sudden swelling of my cock was painful, as it demanded attention. Suddenly docile, he leaned back as he knew it was his turn to be the bitch. I rolled him on his stomach, running my hands over his powerful ass, admiring the valley created by the crack. I stroked my naked cock against him, moving it up and down as he tightened and flexed his ass for my benefit, firmly pulling my cock in between those two cheeks. I happily allowed the tugging to continue around my stoking, savoring the feeling.

I pulled myself closely into him, plowing strongly against him lost in his warm moist ass crack. Then it was all too much for me. I knew I wanted more that to ride this stallion bareback.

I moved over and grabbed one of the condoms that lay next to us on the floor. Using my teeth I ripped away the foil in my haste to fasten the thing over my throbbing dick.

His well-used asshole was quickly speared in my urgent need to fill him up. In the second that it took for his butt to adjust to my size, I had begun to thrust in and out of him, savoring the tight fiery tug around my dick. At that moment it felt like the tightest place I had ever been into.

I grunted loudly as I moved my massive tool in and out in long slow strokes. The stranger was talking dirty to me, like we were in some kind of porn film.

"What the fuck is going on?" came a shout that brought us both back to grimy bathroom stall where we rutting like rabbits.

I looked up to see the attendant staring down at us.

I reluctantly, but quickly quit my game of hide the sausage as we both stood up, our proud naked bodies on display before this guy.

"This is illegal, I'm going to phone the police," he said.

"Whoa there mate," stated my fuck buddy as he grabbed hold of the attendant's arm, "Where do you think you're going?" He roughly pulled him back into the restroom.

The attendant as if seeking escape broke free from the stranger's grasp and inched over to the stalls.

"We were just having a good time," he told the attendant, pulling off his used condom as he spoke and tossing it aside, "Why don't you relax and join us?"

"I'm no faggot," the attendant stated firmly.

"Neither am I," said the stranger, "Neither is he," he indicated me.

The attendant looked spooked and unsure. No doubt he was weighing his option as I'm positive the two of us standing there in front of him were pretty menacing.

"Why don't you just blow me and we'll forget the whole thing even happened?" the stranger suggested to the attendant.

To emphasize he offered up his large boner, but the guy didn't move.

"OK, if you play that way, fine," the stranger said to him. Then he firmly walked up to the attendant and started undoing his jeans, shoving them down around his ankles.

"I know what you really want," he said to the attendant.

Then he forced him down onto the floor and pushed his dick into his mouth, almost face-fucking him. His ass waved up at me.

It wasn't a bad looking ass at that, though not as fine as the one I had been fucking earlier. The stranger as if anticipating my thoughts gestured at it and said, "Hey, mate, why don't you finish up?"

The attendant had seemed very reluctant, but was getting into his job of sucking off the massive cock before him. My cock twitched at the idea of raping this rosy ass before me.

I decided not to waste anymore time, for good or ill I shoved my mighty cock up into that tight hole where no man had gone before. He screamed in pain, but no more was said about it because I thrust home until I finally came, shooting my load into my straining rubber sheath. The stranger also deposited his load of cum down the man's throat. During this time I noticed that the attendant had gotten off by jerking his cock while we speared him with our other two cocks.

None of us said anymore when we were finished. The attendant pulled his pants back on ashamed at his enjoyment of the experience and went back behind the counter. No police office was going to believe he wasn't a willing participant in the whole thing. We cleaned up and left the restroom.

As for the other guy, I never saw him again. I got in my car and headed up the motorway to Scotland while the mysterious man peeled off down the highway in the other direction, his dust following him into the night.