 Monday December 17th, 2012

Tonight was amazing!

Okay, so we're all gonna die this weekend and I've put off too long facing this hunger I have. Tonight was the night I decided to do something about it. I've been "straight" all my life and even though I still enjoy looking at naked women and the taste of a wet pussy, it doesn't mean that parts of me haven't felt neglected.

I wasn't sure how I was going to do it. First, I tried Craigslist. There were so many guys online looking for someone to suck their cocks that I got scared. What if they were lying in wait to beat me up and rob me? What if they were cops? I know that you're thinking, "What's it matter? We're all gonna die soon, take the chance." I thought that at first too but then I thought, it'd suck to mess up on my first try and lose any chance to have it. I even called an older guy and talked with him for a couple of hours this morning, and he got me off with just his voice and a promise to "swallow me up" but I still felt that I needed someplace that was more secure.

It was on a whim that I looked up the gay bar's address. They always name the fag bars something obviously gay like "Club Cruise", "Rainbow Room", "Pegasus" or "Danny's" so it wasn't hard to figure out which one would have a higher possibility of finding some cock to suck. There was one nearby but I had to be discrete because of my family.

The place I picked was just off the expressway about 40 minutes away. There was no cover charge and it looked kind of like a place where you'd imagine a bunch of gay guys meeting to exchange stories. When I arrived, I was happy to discover that they'd been having happy hour all evening. I sat at the bar and the bartender, an older, balding gentleman that greeted me warmly when I came in, engaged me in conversation. "I've never seen you in here before," he said, interrogating me slightly.

"It's my first time," I admitted.

"Well, I'm Matt," he said as he set my beer in front of me. "What brings you here tonight?"

"The end of the world," I said.

"I see," he said, rolling his eyes. "Want to get some last minute loving from the boys?"

"I've never been with a guy," I said shyly.

He smiled slightly and looked to the back of the bar at a booth. I turned to see what he was looking at in time to see a guys head come up from another guy's lap.

"I've been kind of relaxed about certain rules this week," he said as he rubbed his cock through his jeans. "A big, bald guy like me doesn't get a lot of action but this week has brought out every closet cocksucker in the neighborhood."

I looked at his bulge, admiring how his fingers outlined it.

The guy from the booth came over and ordered some drinks and I watched as he and Matt flirted with each other. The patron went around the bar and I watched him rub Matt's crotch. I'd never seen anything like it. At least not in person. I'd watched a lot of porn. Gay, bi and straight. I'd seen stuff like that in pornos but in real life...

The patron returned to the booth and after he swigged from his drink, his head returned to the lap of the man beside him.

"He showed up yesterday," Matt said. "He said he wanted to suck cock before we all died. For a guy that had never had it before, he swallowed my load like a champ."

I looked back at Matt, surprised by his vulgar choice of words.

"You should go sit next to him, he'd suck you off without question," Matt suggested. Matt was white. The patron that came over and flirted with him was white but the guy that was currently getting a blowjob from the patron was an older black guy. Mid fifties, at least. He was leaning back and I watched as the guy's head bobbed up and down.

It was glorious.

Whenever I had fantasized about cock, it was almost always black. I wanted so very badly to go over and help that guy suck that juicy black dick but I was also very much interested in seeing Matt's cock. 

You see, I don't like pretty boys. I never found twinks appealing nor do I think they'd be fun in bed. Matt was a bear. He was balding and chubby and I wondered if his cock was fat and hairy.

"I didn't come here to get sucked," I said to Matt, as I looked at him. "I want to suck cock."

Matt grinned. He unzipped his pants and I watch him pull his thick cock through his zipper opening. It was uncut and as he tugged his balls through the opening, I could see it was quite hairy.

"Come around here and put your money where your mouth is," he said.

I chugged the rest of my beer then went around the bar and got on my knees. It was almost automatic as I took the head of his cock into my mouth, tasting the raw tissue of his foreskin. I pulled it back, revealing the head and tasting his piss hole. I was sucking my first cock and I wanted so much to feel his balls on my chin. I sucked him in deep and I could feel his cock swell in my mouth.

"Damn," he said in a slight moan as he leaned up against the bar.

I gripped the waist of his pants and pulled him into my mouth. I imagined the other guy's mouth around Matt's dick. I pushed his belly up and felt his cock ooze pre-cum into my mouth. It's sweet taste made me even hornier. I became aware of how much noise I was making when it seemed that the rest of the bar had grown quiet. Slurping and gagging, I hungrily swallowed Matt.

I could feel him moving and I looked to see that he was opening a bottle of beer and he set it on the bar. I looked up and saw that I had an audience. 

I sucked him even harder. His cock tasted like lust.

After giving his cock a break, I sucked on Matt's hairy nuts. He worked to undo his belt while I coated his ball hair in a thick, sticky saliva. I pulled his pants down and he spun around and spread his hairy ass and let me tongue at his asshole. My tongue became a tiny cock and I tried feverishly to stuff it inside him, tasting the manliness of his hole. I could taste how sweaty his hole was and it turned me on even more.

All of those hours imagining and I considered them wasted hours. I should have been busy doing, instead of imagining. 

He spun back around and stuffed his cock back into my mouth. It had been dripping pre-cum over the ice bin. I don't think anyone there would mind.

Soon, I could feel his balls tense and though I wanted to continue sucking his cock all night, I longed for the taste of his hot seed. I wondered if it tasted like mine. The first squirt shot to the back of my throat and I gagged suddenly, causing spit to run down his shaft as more of his cum filled my mouth. It was far better than mine. When he was done, he pushed me away and pulled his pants back up. 

Everyone in the bar had come over to watch and I know I blushed when I stood back up, especially when my eyes caught the eyes of the older black man. I paid my tab and left.

I can't believe it was just an hour ago. When my wife asked me where I had been, I told her I had gone to see that new Bond film at the cheap theater. 

Tomorrow night, I'm going to go back and this time, I'm going to suck some black cock.