 I have been happily married for over 10 years. My wife and I are sexually adventurous and open-minded. We have always openly shared fantasies. My wife always makes an effort to realize all of our fantasies. My wife, Anne, is a beautiful woman who takes very good care of herself. She is a natural blonde with natural 36 D tits and firm, muscular legs. Out in public with my wife loves to tease. She and I enjoy noticing most men and even some women checking out her nice figure. Most men would cum in their pants if they knew what a kinky, sexual women I am married to. She loves to dress provocatively and knows I am turned on by her antics. 

Over the years of marriage and lots of experimentation, we tried most couples' fantasies. We both love to be tied up, although, I am much more submissive than my wife. We both enjoy anal sex, and I have had my ass fucked by Anne numerous times with her strap on. Over the last few years we've become increasingly turned on by bisexuality. We are turned on by lesbian and gay sex. Although my wife is turned on big tits and feminine women, she is most turned on by gay sex. Her hottest fantasy is watching as a dominant, muscular man sexually dominates another man. She has orgasmed many times thinking about me sucking cock. She wants me to be sexually submissive to some stud. I must admit the idea turns me on as well. 

We both enjoy eating sperm. Anne loves to suck my cock until I erupt in her mouth and then she kisses me sharing my load with me. My wife gets hot when I eat my own cum. Her favorite ways of feeding me cum are after cumming in her shaved pussy, sitting on my face while I suck and lick her clean. She also loves having me cum in a glass and then watching me drink my own cum. 

All this has led Anne to taunting and teasing me about sucking another man's cock and then swallowing his load. I admit that when she talks to me, my cock gets hard and we have blistering sex. Anne has been trying to get me to suck a guys cock. She has proposed going to an adult theater with me and watching me suck cock in a gloryhole. She has begged me to find someone on-line and then set up a meeting to suck another man's hard cock. Although I am quite turned on by it, I am also too scared to actually follow up on sucking a real cock. I keep hoping that Anne will be satisfied with making me suck her strap on and eating my own cum. 

My wife has been teasing me in bed about wearing women's panties and sucking another man's cock. She calls me a "sissy slut" or "a cocksucker" as she teases my hard cock until I shoot a huge load of cum. She has purchased me 6 pairs of very feminine, sexy women's panties. All of them are string bikini types with lots of satin and lace. The panties barely contain my hard cock. I wear women's panties about 5 days a week.

This past week, I had traveled to Chicago for business. I was staying at a very nice downtown hotel for the week. When I was unpacking, I found a new pair of thong panties. On the panties were the words, "I love cock". My cock jumped in my khaki's. I also found a sexy picture of my wife in a tight pair of jeans, one of my dress shirts tied up around her waist and a very obvious large cock shaped bulge in the crotch of jeans. On the back of the photo were the words, "Think about a cock like this in your mouth!" and a bright red lipstick print. My cock began throbbing in my pants. 

My wife had made sure before I left for my trip that I did not take any male underwear. I knew that all week I would be wearing only sexy panties. 

The next couple of nights, my wife and I enjoyed phone sex. She made sure I was stroking my cock through a pair of panties and catching my load in a glass. She teased me hard with all kinds of stories about sucking cock. She asked me each night what I would do if a man approached me very directly and asked me to suck his cock. Thinking my wife was just sex talking, I would always answer that if he appeared to have a large cock, I would beg him to feed me his cock and cum. She loved to hear my responses and would make me tell her over and over again how I would kneel submissively and lick and suck his hard cock. On Thursday night, about 9 pm, I heard a knock at the door. At this point of the night, I was wearing the new panties my wife had sent me, with a robe over it. I was a little unsure who would be knocking at my door at 9 pm at night and I also knew Anne would be calling any minute. 

I went to the door and opened it. Standing there was a large muscular man with another man standing behind him. "Can I help you?" I asked. The muscular man stated rather loudly,

"Are you Michael?"

"Yes, how can I help you?" I answered

"You want to be a cocksucker?" he answered way too loud for my comfort.

"What!? Who the hel.!" I started.

"Your wife told me you wanted a mouthful of cock!" he interrupted.

"Wait, what, um, wait, come in." I said nervously, not wanting anyone else to hear this conversation.

Both men came into my room. The smaller man was carrying a couple of large cases. I quickly closed the door. "Who are you?" I demanded.

"My name is Jack and this is Steve. So do you want to suck my cock or not?"

"Where did you get that idea?" I responded defiantly. 

"Your wife, Anne, told me that if I came up here, you'd be my personal cock slave." He demanded.

"Well, I'm not so sure..." I stammer when Jack's face went from friendly to angry.

"Listen, faggot, I didn't come here to be denied!" Jack spits angrily. He grabs me around the throat and backs me up against the wall. I realize quickly that there is no way I could defend myself against these two studs. "You're going to be my cocksucker!" he states. At that point everything changes because we both realize my cock is hard. Jack grins wickedly as he looks into my face and grabs my hard cock. "She told me you're a little sissy slut! Steve this faggot is wearing panties and is rock hard! So, are you ready to suck cock, faggot?" 

My face is red with embarrassment, and I hang my head and answer, "Just tell me what to do." 

"O.K., Steve, get set up." Jack says as he smiles at me. He walks into the room and looks around. Steve begins opening up his cases and starts taking out video recording equipment. I realize that Steve is there to video tape my humiliation. I watch with dread as Steve sets up. 

"Yep, your wife paid to have your first cocksucking experience recorded so she could see it later." Jack grins menacingly. "Get me a drink slut!" he demands.

I mix a few drinks for Jack , Steve and myself. Within fifteen minutes of the knock on the door, Steve is finishing up his set up, Jack and I are drinking our drinks and my cock is still hard. 

"Take off your robe, sissy." Jack demands. I do as told. I am now standing in front of him in a thong with the words "I love cock" on them. My own cock is barely contained by them. "Wow, your wife was right, you are truly a sissy faggot." Steve is now recording with what looks like professional video equipment. Jack stands and strips down until his naked. He is completely hairless including his shaved cock. I find myself staring at his manhood. His cock is huge and it's not even hard. 

"You want it in your mouth, Michael?" he asks. I don't respond, but I lick my lips. I really want his cock. 

"I want you beg for it, cocksucker, I want your wife to hear you on film begging to suck cock!" Jack demands. As he says this, Jack puts his hand on my shoulder and with little effort pushes me to my knees in front of his huge cock. "Beg to suck my cock." He demands again.

"Please, Jack, I want your cock. I want to suck it! Make me your cock slut! I want to suck you off and have you feed me your cum! I beg as my cock jumps in lust again.

"Very good, Michael, I'm about to turn you into my personal cocksucking sissy slut!"

Jack grips the base of his cock and begins gently spanking my face with his still soft cock. As he does this, his cock begins filling with blood. He begins rubbing his cockhead against my lips. I moan. 

"Oh, you like that don't you slut, you like my cock against your lips, don't you?" 

Jack continues to rub is his massive cock against my cheeks and lips. I begin licking his cockhead and shaft without taking it in my mouth. Jack's cock quickly gets rock hard as my tongue dances all over his cockhead. "MMMMMMM... that's good, slut. Lick it!" Jack moans. I lick his cock and shaft another 5 minutes and then notice pre-cum begins to leak from his huge mushroom head. He smears it around my lips. "MMMMMMM..." I moan as I taste his salty-sweet pre-cum. 

"You like that, don't you cocksucker? Are you ready to suck it?" he asks.

"MMMMMHHH" I moan.

Then I look up into his eyes as he grips the base of his cock. I open wide and for the first time, another man slides his cockhead into my hot hungry mouth.

"MMMMMMMM..." I hear Jack moan as I begin to suck. I am kneeling in my hotel room in front of a muscular man who is standing above me and sucking his cock while wearing women's panties and being video taped. He holds my head and guides me as I suck my first real, hot, cum filled cock. 

The phone rings. This stops the action. Jack pulls his cock from my mouth. He sits at the headboard of my bed, against my pillows and points between his legs. I lie down on my belly between his muscular legs and hungrily start sucking his cock again. Jack's hand gently holds the back of my head. The phone is still ringing and Jack answers. This is what I hear.

"Hello"

"I'm sorry, Michael is a little busy right now."

"Yes, this is he, Hi, Anne."

"Yes, right now, yes, he's quite good...MMMMMMM..."

"Let me put it on speaker phone."

As I suck Jack's cock, I hear my wife's voice. 

"Oh, baby, I am so glad you're doing this. Do you like it?" 

I pull off Jack cock to say, "Yes!"

"I knew you would, Oh, Michael, I am so wet right now... I can hear your sucking right now! I can't wait to see the video." Anne moans over the phone. 

"Do it, baby, suck that cock – be a cocksucker for me, Michael, make Jack cum with your mouth, faggot. I want to hear Jack fill your mouth with his cum – I can't wait to hear as your mouth is filled with another man's cum!" 

The room seems loudly filled with sounds of sucking, slurping and soft male moaning. 

"Oh, that's it, faggot, suck me, you keep that up and I'm gonna cum!" Jack moans.

"Please, Jack, do it, cum in my husband's sucking mouth! Make him your slut! OOHHHH..." I hear as Anne orgasms over the speaker phone. I continue to suck, lick, and slurp on the throbbing stiff cock in my mouth. Jack continues to hold my head and pushes my hot mouth down on his stiff cock. Steve is right beside the bed obviously getting a close up of me sucking cock.

"Are you ready cocksucker – I'm about to cum in your mouth – do you want it?" Jack demands. I pull off his cock, "Yes, please, Jack, I want your cum – please cum in my mouth!" I beg.

"Ohhhhhh... baby, that's so hot! Make sure you swallow it all honey. Make sure you get a good taste of Jack's sperm. I want you to remember what his cum tastes like!" Anne says over the speaker phone.

I keep up my sucking, and licking and am quickly rewarded with another man cumming in my mouth. "Oh, shit, here it cums!" Jack moans. Jack shoots thick spurts of sperm into my sucking mouth. My mouth quickly fills with cum and I swallow, then swallow and swallow again, hungrily drinking Jack's surging cum load. As Jack finishes cumming, he pulls his oozing cock head from my sucking lips, and smears and oozes his slimy cum all over my lips and chin. Steve is right there to capture it on tape.

I lick his cum up from my lips and then suckle his cockhead, cleaning the remaining cum from it. 

"Wow, honey, you just sucked another guy off and swallowed his load. How did you like it?" Anne asked. I was still in a daze of lust and my own cock throbbed in my sissy panties. "It was great..." I say dreamily.

"How did he do, Jack?" Anne asked. "He's good, are you sure this is his first time – he gives great head." Jack responds. "Well he does like sucking my strap on, so he's had some practice and he loves eating his own cum!" Anne taunts. 

"Well, that explains, maybe, why he is such a good cocksucker, and he had no problem swallowing my load – I had saved it up for a week just like you asked." Jack responds.

"Thank you so much Jack, I can't wait to see the tape. Michael, honey, make sure you thank Jack for letting you suck his cock." She tells me over the phone. 

"Thank you Jack for letting me suck you off and letting me eat your yummy cum." I tell Jack. 

"My pleasure, cocksucker, and Anne if it's O.K. with you, I promised Steve a blow job if he videotaped Michael sucking me off. So I'm going to record your husband sucking off my friend too." Jack explains.

"Oh, please do, Jack, make my husband your cock slut tonight. I want him to be taught to be a complete cocksucker and slut. Another fantasy of ours is for him to get assfucked by another man too. So, if you guys are up for it, you can fuck his ass too. He'll love it. Michael, make sure you take good care of the guys. I look forward to hearing all about it when you get home." Anne organized and then hung up.

I looked over at Jack and then Steve. Both were smiling. Jack took the camera from Steve. Very quickly I was on my knees, with my own hard cock straining against my panties, my head back against the edge of the bed as Steve began face-fucking me. Jack videotaped as I was mouth-raped. After about 15 minutes of face fucking, Steve pulled out and shot a load all over my face. When I had finished cleaning up the cum with my tongue, Jack had me lay face up on the bed and begin stroking my cock through my panties. 

As I approached orgasm, Jack straddled my chest and pushed his semi-erect cock into my face. I began sucking him off again. Then Steve came over and pushed his cock into my face from the side of the bed. I took turns sucking first Jack's hard cock and then Steve's hard cock. After about 15 minutes of duel cocksucking, Jack got on all fours and began fucking my mouth. I felt Steve lift my legs and smear lube all over my asshole. Then I felt a hot, cockhead against my hole. Without much patience, Steve pushed his cock into my ass. Here I was in my hotel room getting a cock in my mouth and ass at the same time. My own cock remained hard as a rock. I was getting fucked savagely by these two studs and the room filled with sounds of male moaning. 

After about 20 minutes of getting doubled, Steve buried his cock in my ass and began pumping my ass full of hot sperm. This set me off and I began shooting cum without even being touched. My moaning as I came was rewarded by Jack my shooting his wad deep into my throat and then pulling out enough to fill my mouth with hot, sweet, gooey sperm. 

Both men got off me and continued videotaping as I lay on my hotel bed with cum all over my face, and my own cum all over my "I love cock" panties and belly. As I lay there recovering, Jack and Steve packed up. 

"Thanks for the fun, cocksucker!" Jack said and he led Steve out the door. As I lay there, I realized about an hour had passed, and I was in my hotel room quiet. The only evidence left that I had just had gay sex with two different men was the semen all over my face, the taste in my mouth and lastly the gaping asshole I was left with.

I couldn't wait to get home to Anne and talk about my gay experiences. I knew we would be having some great sex in the coming weeks as we discussed the details.