 It was creeping up to the five o'clock hour and we were all pretty tired from a long day of work. It was me, John, Steve, and my brother Nate. We were part of John's construction crew from northern Pennsylvania and were doing a job out of state. We were all staying in a small trailer in the middle of nowhere. The snow was coming down and we were all hungry. John suggested that we all go to the store. I was extremely tired and had just showered, all cozy and didn't want to make the 30 minute drive to town in the snow. 

"I will stay behind just in case if Chris shows up he won't think we are still at the job site" I suggested.

They all agreed and were on their way. 

I watched them drive off as my cock began to harden. I was wearing a pair of sweat pants and a T-Shirt with no boxers... good thing I hadn't gotten hard while they were still here! I was so damn horny! My girlfriend was 100 miles away, we had no phone or TV and I hadn't had the chance to jack off in 2 days!

I started to rub my cock as the truck drove out of site and started to think of how to make this last! I was turned on by the fact that I was all alone in this trailer in the woods! I started thinking really dirty thoughts. I had never had a gay experience but always seem to think about it when masturbating. So I found myself thinking of sucking cock and started feeling my ass. I like spontaneous sex, like on the kitchen table, or in public places, and the fact that I was on the same couch that everyone sits on turned me on. I pulled off my pants and threw my shirt over my head. I was ready.

I put one leg on the floor and one on the foot rest and started stretching, pushing my head down as close to my cock as possible until I could reach it with my tongue. I started to lick the head of my cock. I was massaging my balls and licking my own cock. I spit on my cock and my left hand. One finger slid into my asshole as I finally was able to get the whole head of my cock in my mouth. I feel gifted!

So here I am sucking my own cock with my finger in my ass thinking about how I would make love to another man. I was so involved I hadn't noticed that Chris had pulled up the drive and was coming in the front door. It was too late... he rushed in to find me in this awkward and embarrassing position.

"Oh my god!" Chris gasped. "You can suck your own cock?!"

I was a little struck by his reaction.

"Yeah... ummm.. I mean, I try to. I guess I can't try to say I was just stretching!" I squealed as I pulled my finger from my ass.

"So do you need some help with that?" asked Chris

Here it was, the experience I had dreamed about for so long. The thing is, no matter how engrossed I get in my gay fantasies, as soon as I am done cumming I immediately feel gross for thinking the thoughts.

"Oh, I don't know Chris, I'm not gay you know."

"Me neither, you know that, I'm married! I was just kidding.!"

"You were? Could have fooled me!"

"Where's everyone else?" he asked as he dropped his bags.

"Went to the store, just left about 10 minutes ago."

"Oh yeah, so do you want help with that then?"

"What the fuck Chris, I'm not a faggot.... I'm just so fucking horny!"

"Me too. Been a long drive"

"Well, maybe we could just jack off together or something" I suggested, trying to tame the situation and not give in to the burning desire to suck a cock.

"Ok. We could do that I guess."

Chris took off his shirt, kicked off his boots and undid his fly. I was so turned on I had to look away or I would cum. Chris sat on the loveseat while I was on the couch. 

"So, with no porn or magazines what were you jacking off to?" Chris asked while rubbing his cock to attention.

"Just thinking about stuff."

"What kind of stuff?"

"I don't know" I sighed.

"Come on dude... were you thinking about guys or girls."

"Alright that's it Chris". I couldn't take it anymore, I lunged toward Chris and stuck my tongue down his throat. Straight my ass... he showed no hesitation! I kissed him while my hand slid between his legs and rubbed his 8 inch cock. 

"You want me Chris? Huh? Tell me you want me... Tell me you want me to suck you cock!"

"Suck it man, suck it! I want you! I want to be in your mouth!"

That was all I needed. I dropped down to my knees between his legs. First I kissed his inner thighs. I ran my tongue down his leg until I met his balls. I took his balls in my mouth ever so gently. I slid down and tickled his ass hole with my tongue. I knew what he wanted. I made my way back up to lick the trickle of precum from the tip of his dick. It tasted good, salty, yummy. I knew it would be good, I have tasted my own cum but it wasn't the same. I slid his cock into my mouth. I was cool to be able to get it all the way in... it filled my whole mouth up! I held the bas of his shaft while I bobbed up and down. I loved this. He loved it too, I could tell by his moan. 

"Oh yeah man, I wan to cum in your mouth!"

I stopped. I looked at him straight in the eyes, smiled and then went right back to work! I knew he was close so I stuck my finger up his ass and pumped his cock with my mouth. I felt him spasm and a huge load of hot cum shot down my throat.

"Oh man! I'm cumming! Ohhh.."

I pulled him out of my mouth and jacked him off all over my face, cum dribbled down my neck and all over my mouth and tongue. It wasted better than I had imagined. It was yummy!

Part 1... more to come!