 This is a totally true story.

My first time was about 6 months ago. I was out of town on a business trip, and was just getting out of a marriage. I had always fantasized about sucking a cock, and had looked at Craigslist and jacked off thinking about it. While I was away, I got drunk one night and passed out in my hotel room. When I woke up, I was horny as hell, and still pretty buzzed. I checked out CL, and created a fake email address. I finally got up the courage to reply to one of the ads, and I got an email back in 10 minutes. 

I couldn't believe I was going to reply back, but I said "fuck it" and just replied. The guy said he could be at my hotel in 20 minutes, and I said ok and gave him my room number. When he knocked on the door, I had no idea what to do. I just let him in and sat on the bed with my laptop out and a porno playing. Without looking over, I told that we should just go ahead and take our shorts off. When I turned my head, he was totally naked with a nice, 7" cock that was already hard just hanging there. Right next to me! I thought it was now or never, and reached over and wrapped my hand around it. It was so hard, but soft at the same time. I've never felt my own dick like that before! I leaned over and licked the underside of it. It felt so good against my tongue. I repositioned myself onto my knees and elbows and finally took as much as I could into my mouth. I couldn't believe my mouth was full of hard cock! I wanted to cum right there...

I stroked his shaft with my right hand while I bobbed up and down on his hard dick with my mouth. I loved the feeling of it reaching the back of my throat, but took time to lick it from base to tip every now and again. As I kept going, I looked up at him, and his closed eyes and open mouth told me he was enjoying my mouth on his cock. 

I stood him up next to the bed and got down on my knees in front of him. I wanted to feel like a real cocksucker. I slid that hard, wet cock in my mouth again and slid all the way into my throat. I felt his knees get weak, so I pushed him back on the bed and laid on my side between his legs. I suddenly remembered to lick his balls. After all the blowjobs I have had before, and wanting the girls to lick my balls, I couldn't believe I forgot! I kept my right hand wrapped around his shaft, jerking it slowly. Then I lowered my tongue to the bottom of his heavy, hairless balls. I heard him breathe deeply as I ran my tongue around them. It made me so horny I had to shove his dick in my mouth again. Now I could hear him breathing heavy and I knew how good it must feel.

I bobbed up and down, sliding his cock between my lips and into my throat as I started to jack him off harder and faster. As he started moaning, I knew he was ready to cum. I hadn't thought about what I was going to do at that point, so I figured I might as we go all the way. I just hummed "ok", like I've heard so many women do, and went a little faster. I could really feel his cock swell in my mouth, and then he groaned as a warm, slippery sensation filled the back of my throat. It quickly filled my entire mouth, and I just swallowed as fast as I could...

I laid down next to him and tried to comprehend what I had just done. I was confused and also excited that I had finally gone through with what I had wanted to do for years. My cock was aching so bad that when he slid down and took it in his mouth, I almost had to stop him. I almost came as soon as I felt his mouth, and then only held on for maybe 2 minutes before he pulled my cock out and 6 or 7 giant spurts of come shot out of my cock like a cannon. I got up, and went into the bathroom and I heard him get dressed and close the door quietly. I have never heard from him since.

I haven't done it since then, but if I can find a guy that will let me...