 ... Hello, this is the first story that I am posting on literotica. I write erotic love stories because that is what gets me off the most, and it is very hard to find those here. This chapter may be a bit rusty and a bit short but I will get better while I practice. This is the first chapter to a long love story. There is not much sex in this one but it will get much more erotic as the chapters go on. Thank you for choosing my story! Feedback is very welcomed!!! .....



Cole

It was 4:30am Tuesday morning when the alarm clock rang in my ear. I got up and brushed the sweat off my forehead from last night's wet dream. Just another hot chick giving me an awesome blow job. It was starting to get boring though. I have always considered myself totally straight but lately women were just starting to bore me. Knowing me, I just figured my balls were a little too blue and I was going sex crazy. So I decided I would go out that night, after work.

I crawled out of bed and pulled my tight boxers over my rock 8 inch hard cock. I decided that a cold shower would be a good idea so I pulled my boxers off and went into the bathroom. I walked in and looked in the mirror. Dam, I think I'm a pretty hot guy. I'm about 5'11", short black hair, bright blue eyes, sharp cheekbones, pretty hot. My body is in pretty good shape. I work out when I can and I eat healthy. I hopped in the shower and turned the water on freezing cold and my hard on started to shrink, this was going to be a long day.

Jason

My phone rang and I jolted out of bed, I looked around and grabbed my phone.

"Hello?"

"Jason, get the hell up and get your ass to work stupid fuck!"

Then silence. 

Wow what a fucked up dream. But that's normal since I got back from the hospital. I got into a huge accident at a mall about a year ago. Some asshole had planted a bomb right under the store I happened to be shopping at and it blew up. I wasn't extremely hurt but I had some 3rd degree burns and a few scratches and bruises, but I'm ok. 

I got out of bed and pulled a pair of briefs on. I looked down at my scars and frowned. How would any man love me when I looked like this? I crawled into the bathroom and ran my fingers through my brown hair while I looked in the mirror. Well, at least my face didn't get all messed up. I brushed my hair and teeth and splashed some water on my face. 

By the time I got in the kitchen, I was starving. I fried up some eggs and bacon, shoved them down my throat and ran out the door. My boss was so close to firing me it wasn't even funny. I looked in the car mirror and thought about how I looked lately. I wasn't a super handsome guy, just kind of cute. But since the accident I had tried not to look at myself to hard. I'm about 5'9", light brown hair, dark brown eyes, and medium build. I have a cute little face that is manly but not to sharp. I'm an ok guy, but I'm so late for work.

Cole

I HATE WORK. It is like hell everyday and I swear it will put me in an early grave. I shuffled in my seat, trying to get comfortable and forget about my raging hard on that came back. If I don't get some soon, I swear I'm gonna explode. The sweat started to get more consistent and I decided that I needed to take the rest of the day off. I got up and put my jacket in front of me so no one could see my dick pushing through my thin dress pants and walked to my boss' office.

"Hey, I got to take off early; my Mom just called and said she needs me to help her with some stuff." It was the best thing I could come up with.

"Alright, man, but you sure have to help your Mom a lot lately, is everything ok?" Ok, maybe I had used that excuse one too many times.

"Yeah, everything is cool; she is just getting to old to do stuff anymore."

"Alright, I'll see you tomorrow. Tell your Mom I said hey."

I have always thought my boss was pretty cool. We have been friends since I started working there and we get along great. He has short amber hair and big green eyes, a little shorter than me, but all together a good looking guy. He is happily married to a wonderful woman who is 7 months pregnant with her first child. I don't think I want kids, but who knows, I might one day.

I left the building at about 6:45pm and decided to go get changed and go out to the bar. I've always picked someone up to have fun with there, and I didn't think I would fail tonight. I put on a really nice pair of light blue tight jeans and a black tight t-shirt that snuggled my chest just right. My Pecs are the best thing about me; at least, that's what I think. I looked pretty good and I reminded myself to stop at the drug store on the way there to pick up some condoms.

Jason

When I got home from work, I was wiped out, and extremely lonely. I really just wanted somebody to hold me when I got home from work and let me fall asleep in their arms. So, I decided to get all my frustration out by going to a bar and taking in a few alcoholic beverages. At least if some guy does hit on me I won't care if he just wants sex, because I'll be to out of it to think too much about it.

I decided to wear something that wasn't too sexy but still looked good on me. A button up grey long sleeve shirt and worn out jeans. I tucked the shirt in, brushed my hair, put on my favorite cologne and went out the door. I took a taxi, so I wouldn't end up driving home drunk and I got to the bar in about 10 minutes and I was ready for that first drink. I walked in and took a seat at the bar and ordered a scotch on the rocks. I don't really drink all that much but one every once in a while definitely calmed my nerves for a while. I was really stressed when I noticed all the hot guys, all hitting on gorgeous women. It was like the gay species was dying off more everyday! I was checking out all the men when I noticed a great looking man walked in and my cock rose quickly in my jeans. OMG. He was everything I have always found attractive in a man. He was about 5'11", with short wavy black hair, a great body, great Pecs, but, wow, those blue eyes were amazing. They were the kind of blue that was almost pure ice. 

He walked over to the bar, close to me, and ordered a scotch on the rocks, wow, what a coincidence, that has to be a good sign. He stood, leaning over the bar, and started checking out all the hot bodies everywhere. As I followed his eyes, I noticed he was only looking at women. Well, FUCK. I started to give up hope and looked down at my drink. I swear can anything go right in my life? Oh, wait, NO.

Cole

I was getting hornier and hornier by the second, but it wasn't from looking at the girls. There was this guy that was sitting at the bar not too far from me who kept looking over at me and I swear I saw lust in his eyes. I must have been going insane but every time I looked over he was looking at me from the corner of his eye and it was intoxicating. It was hard to tell how tall he was because he was sitting down and hunched over but he had soft looking messy light brown hair with brown eyes. He looked a little sad, and I wondered why. Maybe he was gay and sad because he didn't think that I was? No, that was ridiculous, he probably just had a hard day, besides, and I wasn't gay, was I? I scooted closer to him down the bar and he looked right at me.

"Hi, my names Cole." I said, trying to start a conversation, not really knowing what I was doing. He got a weird look in his eye like he was nervous but he recovered quickly.

"Hey, my names Jason, nice to meet you."

"You too." I sat down next to him and looked around some before looking at him again. He was staring at me and suddenly I got really uncomfortable. "Am I bothering you?"

No answer. He just had the same confused looking stare.

"I'll leave you alone if you are waiting for someone or something."

No answer and I was starting to get a little mad. "Lose your voice?"

NO ANSWER.

Ok, I was irritated so I stood up and started to walk away when he grabbed my arm and spun me around, it kind of hurt, so obviously he was strong, and I felt my cock twitch. When I looked at him, he looked like he was about to cry. My automatic instinct was to wrap my arms around him in a big hug to comfort him, but my self control took over and I simply said, "What is the matter?"

"I...I..."

"Yes?"

"I'm gay." I smiled. I was totally right, but I still don't know if I am gay or not.

"Are you...uh"

"No, well, sort of, it's confusing, I guess, yak." I had no idea why I had said yes, I was straight, or so I thought. Then he got this big smile on his face and relaxed a little and let go of my arm. He sat back down and took another swig of his drink. I sat back down and did the same. I looked over at him and couldn't help but stare. He was so cute! His skin was absolutely flawless and slightly tanned, but he had slight dark circles under his beautiful coffee eyes. He was obviously not very happy right now and I wasn't sure how to fix it, and I wanted to, soooooo bad.

"Why are you staring at me?" 

I jolted out of my day dream and looked him in the eye. He looked so confused and so kissable, God, what was I thinking!

"You're cute."

"Oh... uh, thanks, you're pretty hot yourself."

I ACTUALLY BLUSHED. I like men, well; at least I liked this one.

"Thank you." I stammered, "So, what are you doing in a bar tonight?"

Jason

I couldn't believe this guy was actually talking to me. He was so hot and perfect, and he was gay. Or, at least, I think he is. His answer to my questioning him about it was a little confusing but it came off as a yes, I think. O crap, he asked me a question.

"Uh... (Cough)... I'm not sure."

"Well, there must be some reason.

"What's yours?"

"Uh... Honestly?"

"Yeah."

"Sex."

"Gay sex?"

"Well, not at first, but after meeting you, then yes."

I swallowed hard, I guess loud too because he looked at me weird and said,

"Sorry to be so forward,"

"No its ok, I guess that's the same reason I came. But, I started out looking for gay sex."

He laughed; his smile was so awesome, perfectly straight white teeth. And his laugh was amazing, so perfect and it melted right through my veins. I could fall for this guy, oh no.

He kept staring me, right in the eyes, and it was definitely starting to get to me. I thought this guy was the cutest thing ever. Just the stare he gave me made my cock move in my pants and it was amazing. I kept thinking about what it would be like to be wrapped up in his strong arms after a long days work and have him stroke my hair and tell me he loved me and I fall asleep while looking in his eyes. I started to seriously zone out and I think he noticed.

"Everything ok?"

I woke up from my fantasy and looked at him, my tongue got a little twisted and I said something like,

"Yeah, man, I, uh, yeah, uh, imp good."

He laughed, this time totally at me and I got a little self conscious and ordered another drink but he told the waiter to hold that order.

"You want to go back to my place and have some free drinks?"

"Yes."

He laughed, again, "Well that was easy, let's go, you mind taking one car?" 

"Yeah, we would have to; I rode in a taxi here."

"Oh, alright, then let's go."

When we got back to his place, he opened my car door like a gentleman and took my coat once we got inside. That had to be a good sign too, right? He sat on the couch and patted the place next to him. His house was nice, not too big but a good size which meant he made some good money. From what I could see, it looked like there was two bedrooms and a bathroom, but there might be another bathroom in the bedroom. The couch we were sitting on was a dark blue color and really soft. There were two recliners the same color that were facing a big screen TV in the front of his living room, the same direction the couch was facing. 

"Would you mind if I took my shirt off?"

OMG. I just remembered that I had not been with a guy since the accident. What would he do when he saw the scars? 

"Yeah, I don't mind, it's your house, after all."

He chuckled a little bit. "Cool, thanks."

I was so nervous I could hardly breathe. What was I supposed to do when he wants me to take my shirt off? I was tempted to leave when he looked at me with a caring look in his eyes and said, "If you don't want to, than we don't have to."

"Oh, it's not that it's just...I'm... well..."

"A virgin?" Now that was a good excuse, even though it was a blatant lie.

"Uh...Yeah."

"It's ok; we can just talk if you want. Maybe watch a movie, I got plenty of DVDs." And he smiled that beautiful smile at me again and I had to say yes.

"That sounds great thank you." I smiled back at him and we locked eyes for a second. He was so handsome and kind looking, I hoped one day he could accept what I look like now, under my clothes

Cole

I could just stare at this guy all night long. He was the cutest looking guy I had ever met and I still couldn't believe I was this sexually attracted to a man. But this man had me hooked. We were still looking in each other's eyes and. even though he was smiling, his eyes still looked a little sad. God, I just want to make him happier, no matter what it takes. He said he was a virgin so I didn't want to rush him into anything that he wasn't ready for. Before I got up to pick a movie, I reached out and took his hand in mine.

"Would you like anything to drink?"

He blushed and looked down at our entwined fingers, "Yes, please."

"Come on; let's see what is in the kitchen that you would like."

I stood up and pulled him with me. We walked into the kitchen and looked through all the wines I had. I love wine.

"Wow", he said, "There are a lot of expensive wines here."

"Yeah, it's kind of a hobby, but you can have anyone you like."

"Oh, no, I couldn't possibly, the cheapest wine that you have here had to cost at least $70."

"Stop. You can have the most expensive one if you would like it, anything for you."

In the duration of this whole conversation, are hands were still locked together. I raised his hand to my lips and gentle kissed the knuckle when he looked at me after I just told him he could have anything he wanted. I felt him shiver and try to pull away but I just held his hand tighter.

"Why did you try to pull away?"

"I...um...You just shocked me with the kiss, that's all." I could just tell that there was more to this story but, for now, I brushed it off.

"Ok, well which one will it be?"

"I really don't know much about good tasting wine, why don't you choose."

He was obviously dodging the fact that I wanted him to pick the best wine and I looked at him and rolled my eyes. He grinned and blushed a little. I grabbed the most expensive wine on the rack and two glasses and walked him back to the couch and told him to wait while I picked out a movie from my bedroom. He looked up at me and nodded. I went in my room and chose a romantic comedy, maybe that would loosen him up a bit. I got back in the living room and put the movie in. When I sat down by him on the couch I noticed that he had already poured himself some wine. I took the liberty of pouring myself a glass and put my arm around his shoulder, he looked surprised but didn't pull away, and instead he snuggled up closer to me and rested his head on my arm. It was a nice position and as the movie played a toiled with his soft hair and he smiled. 

"That feels really nice." He told me, kind of in a whisper.

"I'm glad. Are you comfortable?"

"Yes, very, thank you."

About an hour into the movie, I heard a snore. He had fallen asleep, in my arms, after drinking expensive wine and watching a romantic comedy, how much more romantic could you get. He looked so peaceful and I didn't want to wake him up so I gently lifted him in my arms and carried him to my bedroom. For a guy, he was pretty light, and he smelled so good. I laid him down on the bed and started to unbutton his shirt so he could be more comfy but I didn't want to disturb him so I pulled the blanket over him. After I was satisfied that he was comfortable, I went out and turned the movie and all the lights off and took my pants off. I crawled in the bed next to him and spooned him tight up against me. 

When I woke up, I was shocked to see that it was 11:32. I haven't slept passed 8 since I was in college, but I also haven't spent the night with someone in a while. Granted, I have had sex with plenty of women since college, but I haven't had one stay the night in quite a while. I hadn't even had sex with this guy, and I slept well, even though I had a raging hard on pressed up against his ass. God that ass was so round and perfect, and it felt so nice jammed up against my hard cock. I just wanted to rip his pants off and fuck the daylights out of him. But, I knew I couldn't do that so I slowly got up and went to the bathroom to relieve some pressure.

I locked the door and stood in front of the mirror while. I slowly pulled down my boxers and my rock hard dick jutted out in front of me. I looked down at it and wrapped a hand tight around the head. I began to work at the head slowly and my eyes rolled in the back of my head. I began to imagine Jason on his knees in front of me in the bathroom sucking on my tight knob. Pulling it in his sweet mouth and licking the sensitive under skin of it. When I wrapped my hand around the shaft, I pictured Jason wrapping his hand around it and stroking it for me while he licked my balls. I pumped myself faster and I was so caught up in my fantasy that I didn't realize I was moaning quite loudly. That's when I heard a light knock on the wood door and the sweetest voice in the world say my name.

"Cole?"

"Hold on one second." I gasped out as I tried to pull my boxers back on.

"Cole let me in."

"No, hold on.

"Cole, Now!'

And for some reason, while my boxers were kind of on but still revealing a lot, I grabbed the doorknob and yanked it open. He looked at me for a second and then looked down at my cock halfway sticking out of my underwear. I was all sweaty and my hair was slightly stuck to my forehead. He reached up and brushed it away before he cupped my sweaty cheek and kissed me. I was so surprised I didn't know what to do. He continued to kiss me while he slowly pushed us into the bathroom and closed the door. He shoved me gently against the wall and began kissing me harder. He was slightly shorter than me and the fact that he was taking over I didn't like. So, I wrapped both hands around his head and pulled his head back so I could kiss him deeper. He groaned in my mouth and let my tongue invade.

After a few minutes of that, we were both so worn out we pulled away for air and his face collapsed against my chest. I held him there while we both panted heavily and it was so nice. By this time, my cock was so hard I thought I would come without even touching it. Right then he looked up and smiled at me, and then he looked down at my dick, which was now all the way out of my boxers, and wrapped his hand around it. I flung my head back and I guess it hit the wall pretty hard because I blacked out. When I woke up I was laying on the bathroom floor looking up at the cutest face in the world, crying. I jolted up and wrapped him in my arms and held him tight while he cried. He sobbed for a long time before he finally calmed down but I didn't let go. I just rested my head on top of his and closed my eyes and he rested his head under my chin. 

He looked up at me and had the saddest look in his eyes and I knew he wasn't crying just because he had caused me to hit my head and black out. He started to stand up and I did so to. He slowly unbuttoned his shirt and I saw the reason he was so sad all the time. He had scars that ran from right below his chest, down his stomach and into his waistband. His arms were also scared, which explained the long sleeves. He unbuttoned his pants and pulled them down and I saw the scars on his legs that went down to his feet. Then he pulled down his boxers and revealed his entire naked scared body to me. He turned around in a 360 with his arms straight out so I could see his whole body. It was so sad to see that this had happened to him, but it wasn't ugly, not in the slightest, it might be to someone who didn't care but I did care. When he was facing me again, he pulled his boxers and pants back on and buttoned his shirt, looked me in the eyes and walked out of the bathroom. I ran after him and grabbed him. He spun around and gave me a sharp look, 
