 After cleaning his cock with my tongue, I went to the bathroom and cleaned up and got dressed. By the time I got dressed, he was sitting on the couch watching ESPN. I walked into the family room and he quickly stood up as I walked to the door. I left his place and headed back to the office. There was a lot of regret going back to the office and not staying with Robbie a little longer. I wanted to get him hard again and so that he could fuck me longer. I felt empty the rest of the day and when I got back to the office I went to the bathroom and finger fucked myself for a few minutes. At that point, I told myself that I would make sure to see him again. 

Robbie and I emailed each other often over the next couple weeks but our schedules never seemed to work out in order to get together. A little more than two weeks after our first meeting, I called him up to see if he was available. He answered the phone and I got a twitch in my backside. He told me that he had a couple things to take care of but that he would be free around 1PM. He told me to meet me at his apartment around 1:30. I quickly finished up everything that I needed to get done and left the office for the rest of the day. 

At 1:35 I knocked on the door of his apartment and he let me in. As soon as the door closed, I dropped to my knees. He snickered as I pulled his shorts to the floor. His cock dangled between his legs. He spread his legs a little and I dropped my head down and took his cock into my mouth. Feeling him get hard in my mouth was incredible. I really enjoyed sucking on his cock. I bobbed up and down on his shaft slowly, each time burying my nose in his pubic hair and enjoying his musky scent. Robbie put his hands on the back of my head and moved my head up and down on his cock. He was fucking my face and I was loving every second of it. 

Within minutes, Robbie was leaning back on the wall while I was sucking his member into my hungry mouth. I was twisting and slurping on his big purple head and kissing and licking his slit. He told me that he could not believe that I had never done this before and I insisted that I watched too much porn. Moments after telling him that, the head of his dick parted my lips and exploded in my mouth. I felt his hot seed hit the back of my mouth and slide right down my throat. Robbie did not cum a lot but what he did shot out like a cannon. I continued milking him and increased the suction. I wanted every drop I could. I finished swallowing him down and he sighed. He stood me up and escorted me to the bedroom. He helped me undress and then bent me over the side of the bed. He already had the lubricant sitting next to the bed. With me bent over, he applied an excessive amount of KY Jelly onto his fingers and into my crack. 

I spread my legs as far as I could so that he could have easier access to my asshole. He slid one finger into my asshole and began probing around. He worked it in and out for a few strokes and then I felt another finger invade me. He was twisting and turning his fingers while moving in and out of my ring. I turned to look at him and told him that I wanted his cock inside me. Without another word he slid his fat cock next to my hole. He started pushing in and the pain hit me. I don't know how far he got in, but it felt like he was ripping me in two again. I couldn't believe how much it hurt again. I begged him to stop so that I could adjust. He completely pulled out of me. A few seconds later, he lined his cock up again to breach my ass. I relaxed and he slid in slow. I was still on my stomach and had my face turned and my eyes closed as he entered me. I was biting my lip and he continued asking if I was ok. I just nodded for him to continue. 

Robbie spread my ass open with his hands and eased his cock further into me and then stopped. I could feel his legs on the back of my ass so I knew he was in me to the hilt. He then backed out and slowly drove back in. I opened my eyes and told him it felt wonderful. I began picking up the pace and before I knew it his balls were slapping off the back of my legs. I felt like such a slut and I loved it. It was like something snapped in me and I realized that this is what I have always wanted. I have always wanted to have a man inside me, treating me as if I were his girl. And here I was with the taste of his semen still in my mouth and my ass conforming to fit his cock; his balls slapping off of my leg and he grunted every time he filled me. This was the greatest feeling I have ever felt and I did not want it to end. I knew that he was not ready to cum yet because I emptied him when I got there so I just enjoyed the pounding.

After a little while, he pulled out of me and emptiness came upon me. He stood up and then pulled me to him. He rubbed his cock along my crack and then slowly slid inside me as his arms were around my waist. He then licked circles around my neck and I thought I was going to shoot all over myself. We then moved to the end of the bed and he must have seen the precum pooling at the head of my cock because he took it into his mouth. I put my hand on the back of his head as he bobbed up and down on my cock. I allowed him to control his pace and do as he wished. He then pulled me into him and he began finger fucking my hole with one hand while the other began playing with my nipples. The whole time, my cock was buried in his hot mouth. I kept asking myself how in all the times I have had sex with women, nothing ever compared to the feelings and sensations I was having at this moment. Being submissive to Robbie was the greatest thing in the world and I wanted him back in my ass. 

I moved him off my cock and slowly laid down on the bed. He lifted my legs into the air and again pointed his wand at my eager hole. It was at this moment that I realized that he was fucking my brains out with no condom. I quickly got nervous but when he started fucking me, I forgot about it. He left off right where he was and drilled his cock into me like a jack hammer. It felt so good to have him drive into me and I began rocking with him, meeting his thrust and driving his cock deep into my ass. He fucked me for several minutes and then started to slow and I thought he was ready to cum but he just looked at me and told me that he wanted to climb in bed with me. 

I slid to the side of the bed and he moved in behind me in a spoon fashion. He slowly entered me and it the feeling was again unimaginable. He did not pick up the pace at all, instead began moving in and out at a love making pace. It drove me insane. I loved feeling him slip out of my hole and then back in over and over. Feeling his cock bury all the way into me and then slide all the way out was amazing. I could tell that he wanted to slow down so that he could catch his breath, after all, we have been fucking for almost thirty minutes and he was rocking my world. I reached around and put my hand on his hip and began milking his cock with my ass. He just laid there and enjoyed the feeling of my tight ass squeezing his cock up and down. I felt like a queen and wanted nothing more than to make my king happy. I wanted to feel his cock explode inside my ass but was scared because I didn't know if he was "clean" or not. 

He moved again and stood up next to the bed. He pulled me to him and again had me bent over the bed. He began fucking me doggie position again and I felt my eyes roll back into my head. I was completely unable to piece words together and somehow managed to yell, "Oh my God Robbie, FUCK ME HARDER". Other than that, I only managed to get out two words at a time as he fucked me senseless. Within minutes he told me he was going to cum. I had made up my mind; I wanted him in my mouth. He pulled out and no sooner did I open my mouth did he deposit his seed on my tongue. I closed my mouth to swallow and he oozed more of his seed onto my lips which I quickly devoured. 

Like the last time, I went to the bathroom and cleaned up and got dressed. I again found Robbie sitting on the couch, this time with a drink in his hand. He was completely exhausted and was smiling from ear to ear. I walked over to him and put my hand on his thigh. I told him that was the greatest experience that I had ever had in my life. In past conversation, Robbie told me that he had been with two other guys and like me, several other girls. He told me that was the best he had ever had. It really made me smile a lot that he enjoyed himself as much as I did. He leaned back on the couch and closed his eyes. I sat there with my hand on his thigh and watched his cock begin to stir again. I leaned down and kissed the tip of his cock and took him in my mouth one more time. 

With that, I got up and left. Robbie and I continued to write each other back and forth for the next couple weeks but within two weeks of our second meeting, I moved to Tennessee. Unfortunately I have never been with anyone else. I don't know that I ever will either. I know that I had the time of my life with him but I don't think that I could ever get that again. I knew that if I ever did get to meet him again, I would have begged him to plant his seed deep inside my bowels. I thought about that a lot on the ride home that night. What if I would have let him explode inside my ass? I guess I will never know. I miss him so much.