 It had been too long. I needed it. I wanted it. There wasn't anything else I could think of. It had been too long. I needed him in me. 

Just a few weeks before, we started talking. He told me how much he wanted me. How he wanted to control me. How he wanted to use me. And I wanted him to use me just as much. It's what I had become. It raced around in my mind. All the fantasies that I knew I had to make come true. It was a part of me now.

I woke up, feeling more submissive than ever. I texted him, "Hey, are you free tonight."

"Yes"

"Do you want to meet up?"

"Yes"

There was a pause. 

"Tell me what you want."

"I want you in me, Sir. I need you in me. I need you to make me feel like the faggot I am. I need your cum in me." 

"Be here at 8 o' clock sharp. Wear a jock strap just like you asked for. And be ready to serve me. The way I want."

"Yes, Sir."

I got out of bed and ran a couple errands. I went to the store and bought myself a couple of jockstraps. Something about being fucked in them made me feel even sluttier than normal. Having a man inside me with my dick covered made me so horny. I couldn't help it. It's what I needed. It's what I had become.

I headed to the gym and changed into it while parked in the parking lot. I I knew someone there would appreciate it, and I was right. I did squats and some other exercises that we're sure to show it off a little. As I started them, one man stopped at the rack of weights "trying to decide which was best and to take a rest in between." But, I could see him in the mirror staring. Knowing what I wanted. He had a longing look that told me he wanted to be inside me. His state lingered for a while. As soon as I was done, he grabbed his weights and continued his workout. It made me so hard. He watched my ass as I left.

Over the next couple hours, Sir was texting me and I couldn't help but finger my hole thinking about what was to come. After what seemed like forever, the time rolled around. I drive over and was greeted by Him at the door. 

"Get naked." 

That was his only command. I stripped to my jock strap and he went upstairs to wait for me. 

I walked up the stairs to find him laying spread eagle on the bed, butt naked. 

His cock laid on his stomach, not yet hard. I walked in and kneeled on the ground waiting for his command. He just stared into my eyes for a few minutes. 

"Get on the bed and suck my dick, it's what you came here for, right?"

"Yes, Sir" is all that left my mouth.

I crawled on the bed and started to suck his soft dick. He moaned. As I sucked, his dick began to grow. Soon, I couldn't even fit it in my mouth. I sucked on his balls and he moaned.

"You like that huh?"

"Mmhmm"

I pulled off for just a second and admired his dick. It was way bigger than the pictures looked. At least 10 inches and hard as a rock. I couldn't believe it.

"You think you can take it still?"

"Yes, Sir. I will do my best."

"Good Boy. You want to be my bitch don't you?"

"Yes, Sir."

"Good. Get on all fours."

I did as I was told. I could here him get the lube as I lay face down, ready for him. He reached around and lifted a bottle of poppers to my nose. 

"This will help."

I inhaled deep. The rush system red to hit me. I needed him in me. I needed his seed in me, I wanted to be his.

His cock touched my hole. I moaned. He ran his fingers up and down my hole. "Please fuck my pussy." The words just escaped my mouth. I couldn't control it. He knee he had me. 

He began to push inside me slowly until I felt his body against mine. He held it there. He reached over and put the bottle to my nose again. I felt my hole relax. I began to pump his cock slowly in and out of my hole.

He grabbed my hips. He does the pace up until he was pounding me hard and fast. He grabbed my neck and pulled me against him. He grabbed my hair, pulled back and stuck his tongue into my mouth. He made out with me as he continued to work away at my hole.  

"You're tight. I love it. That feel good."

"Mhmm"

"You wanna be my bitch boy? Make you mine?" 

"Mhmm"

"Tell me. What do you want?"

"I want your cum in me. Please cum in me."

"Not yet."

He pushed me toward into my stomach, grabbed my legs, and with one motion flipped me onto my back. He entered me again, this time with ease, and kissed me deeply again.

"I'm gonna make you mine. I'm gonna take care of you and make sure you always feel good. Make sure you always crave my cock and my cum. You want to make me feel good."

"Yes, Sir. I want to make you feel good. My hole is yours whenever you need it."

He slapped me across the face and started to choke me. I've never been so turned on in my life. He told me to open my mouth. I did. He spit right in my mouth. He was going to mark me in as many ways as he could. And I loved it. 

"You ready?"

I could only moan as he drilled my hole. He was close and I was tightening my hole around his cock as hard as I could. I reached up and pulled him into me more and more with every pump. 

He pushed his cock in me one last time and held it there. I felt his cock pulse over and over. I could feel him pumping his cum into my used hole. He held himself in me as he continued to cum and leaned in to kiss me. It seemed like he just kept going. He explored the rest of my body with his hands as he moved to kiss my neck. He finished cumming, but didn't pull out. He just looked into my eyes. He could see the lust. He kissed me again. 

"Feel good."

"Yes" 

"Good. Because I'm going to be using this hole a lot more often."

He held himself inside me for a couple more minutes until his cock slipped out of my hole. I just laid there with my legs back and hole exposed. His cum started to leak out. He reached down and caught it. He lifted it to my mouth and I happily licked it all off.

"Good boy."

He reached down again and this time smeared it all over my face. Then my chest. I loved the smell. It was intoxicating. He played with my hole as more of his cum dripped out. He pushed the rest of his cum back in my hole. 

"I've got a surprise for you."

He reached over and opened a drawer. He pulled out a plug and brought it to my mouth. I open and he shoved it in and out a couple of times before pressing it inside of my hole. 

"You are going to keep this in until you wake up tomorrow morning. I want my cum to stay in you. Got it."

"Yes, Sir." I would do anything for him at this point. It felt so good. So right. The plug was the perfect size for my hole. 

We laid in bed together for a while longer as he continued to make out with me and explore my body. He kept whispering how perfect I was and how much he enjoyed it. I told him I really enjoyed it too and that he could call me anytime he needed it.

It was late and I had to leave. He walked me to the door. Before he opened it, he grabbed me and pulled me in close. He kissed me one last time and reached into my pants. He pressed on the plug and I moaned.

"Remember." That's all he said.

"I don't know how I could ever forget."

He opened the door and I left, happy and used. Ready for more. I looked forward to next time. So did he. I drove home and got off on him using me. When I woke up the next morning, I had a text from him. "What are you doing tonight? I got some friends that want to meet you." I texted back immediately. Now, I only had to wait for the time to come. And boy was I ready.