 In one smooth, steady motion I felt you lean over me. The hairs on my neck stood up as I felt the warm tickle of your breath. Goosebumps spread all over my body as I felt you pin your arms around my hips, and your stomach press against my ass and lower back. You had fully mounted me and I wasn't going anywhere... pure heaven! I could hear you grunt and groan as you slowly pressed your cock deep into my ass. Your balls met my skin and I knew you were fully in. I wish I could have turned around to see you enter me, but there was a cock in my mouth that required my attention, apparently. 

I wanted to scream in pure lustful ecstasy, but the stranger's cock in my mouth wouldn't allow it. Though he felt my attempts as my mouth vibrated over his cock. He enjoyed the sensation so much he gently slapped me on the cheek begging for more of it. You whispered in my ear to give him what he wanted. You enjoyed having this much power over me - the power to have me fucked in front of you with no questions asked. I obeyed you to the letter. Every time you told me to moan, I moaned. Every time you told me to smile up at him or bat my eyes, I listened. Every time you instructed me to change my attitude, I complied immediately. 

"Look me in the fucking eyes, boy... I want to see those cute little slutty eyes of yours." He grunted as he continued to push into me. 

I smiled and looked up at him. I didn't know anything about him, but within a few hours of meeting me he had managed to get his hands all over me and his cock in my mouth. I can't begin to imagine what a conquering, powerful feeling he must have had, but I can confirm that being on the receiving end is simply wonderful if you're into that sort of thing. Every time you pushed deep into my ass I winced slightly but that didn't seem to bother him. It may have encouraged him, to be completely honest. He pulled his cock out of my mouth for the first time in what felt like ages and instructed,

"Lick my cock, boy. Don't be afraid to spit shine if needed, make it look pristine, ha ha". The two of you both shared a laugh that time. 

"Fuck, I gotta watch this." You exclaimed, pumping one final, stern time into my ass.

I didn't yelp, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't want to. You pulled up one of the chairs in the motel room and stroked your cock as you watched me work my tongue up and down the stranger's cock. 

"Mmm, such a different angle... I love it!" You joyfully remarked. 

"Isn't he so fucking sexy like this?"

I loved the attention, I smiled and bent my legs back, my feet danced back and forth in the air. I was enjoying all of this, perhaps too much? He popped his cock out of my mouth and playfully slapped my face with it. My saliva mixed with his pre-cum splattered sticky dots all over my face. He loved it. You loved it. I loved it. God, it was such a perfect moment... 

"Time to get back to work, boy" You smiled as your returned to your post at the rear (so to speak). 

You pinned me down again, you leaned into me again, and it wasn't long before I felt your sack brush up against me. You were fully inside me, sliding in and out. Every vein, every pulse, every throb, I felt it, and it felt beyond anything I had imagined before we met. But truly, I didn't know how much more I could take; it was a little exhausting being a toy for two horny old men. You didn't cut any corners, either - I could feel you jam your cock into me till your balls slapped me, and I could feel you slowly steal your cock from my ass till only the head was inside. 

But something was changing... your smooth, steady pumps became slowly more and more erratic. Your breathing grew heavier and you laid into me more, I could feel your weight on my back a little more than before. I could tell what was building when you gripped me by the hair and began to talk dirty into my ear. The stranger kept slapping my face with his cock, occasionally rubbing in between. You told me how good my ass felt, how obedient I was being and how proud of me you were. You shared your anticipation for how it would feel to finally breed my ass like you had always wanted, and how excited you were to see a strange man fire his seed all over my innocent face. 

It turned you on to know you two were my first. I enjoyed it too, if I'm being completely honest. Neither one of us felt the need to waste our time with a romantic dinner, a movie, or debating whether or not to come inside at the end of the evening. This was purely about our primal, sexual needs. Not desires. Needs. I craved an older cock inside me, and you craved a younger guy's ass around your cock. The stranger? Eh, who knows. Right time right place, I guess, and he just needed his cock played with and sucked on for a bit. Lucky for him you were in a sharing mood. 

Speaking of moods, the mood kept building and building. You were fucking me harder than usual - I could tell you were close. This was the moment everyone had been working towards. The years of you seducing me online. The time we spent setting everything up. The sneaking behind our friends and family to finally meet. Then the moment came almost as hard as you. I felt you shudder behind me as you yelled in ecstasy. Your hands clamped around me harder, your body shook and you fell on top of me, pinning me to the bed. Your warm semen shot off like a rocket inside me, holy fuck if I could only do the sensation justice. Seconds after, the stranger couldn't take any more of the scene playing out in front of him and he came as well.

His load landed squarely on my face. He must have had four or five spurts of cum in his balls, I felt him spray me so much. At least that's what it felt like! I closed my eyes after the first rope landed on my cheek, then the second hit my forehead and the bridge of my nose. The remaining load was scattered across my lips and chin. I could feel the cum on my forehead drip down. I kept my eyes closed because I didn't want an cum in my eye, of course. 

"FUCK, boy... holy FUCKING shit, boy..." you groaned in my ear. 

"Fuck is right..." the stranger chimed in. "I didn't even fuck him and that was the best fun I've had in months!" 

"Daddy?" I asked, with cum on my lips.

"Yes, boy?"

"Could I please have a towel to clean up?" 

You grinned at the man as you reached for the nightstand. "Of course, one sec." 

My heart dropped as I heard a phone camera shutter ding once. Then twice. And another, and another. 

"I'm going to enjoy these for awhile, son. Hey, get him a towel, will you? Don't worry," you reassured me as you patted me on the head, "these won't go to anyone. Personal use only, of course."

I can't say I was thrilled at the reality of my cum covered face and busted ass being digitally documented, but it was a hell of a thought. Shortly after receiving my towel the stranger gathered his things and exited the motel room. He was very kind to me on his way out, he thanked me for my time and playfully swatted my ass once before chuckling out the door. As I toweled off and cleaned up my part of the bed, you put a hand on my shoulder. 

"Once your done with that, boy, come join me in the shower. I need to scrub you clean, up and down, head to toe..."

"Yes, sir" I replied. I tried to hide a grin as fantasies danced around in my head...

[Fin! Thank you to everyone who's been reading along the past few weeks, this has been much fun! If you're interested in any other stories, do feel free to reach out and share suggestions, ideas, or even critiques via PMs or commenting below.]