 My name is John and this is a true story about the first really big cock I sucked. I am 34 year old white male, married to a wonderful woman. I had thought about giving another guy a blowjob for years and never acted on it. I love to watch my wife suck my cock and always thought it would be great to give it a try. I finally sucked my first and then a second cock about a month ago, both guys were about 6 inches and not real thick. What I was craving now was a really big thick cock to suck on and try to deepthroat. Well, I'm here to tell you...be careful what you wish for.

I put an ad up on a local website for people looking to hook up. I said I was looking for a big, thick cock to suck and deepthroat. I received a bunch of b.s. replies, some guys that had some really weird fantasies, and then one that caught my eye. It was from a 23 year old college student named Matt. He was going to college in the next town, said he was packed just over 9 inches, and sent a pic that made it look like he had a telephone pole sticking out of his groin. We traded a few emails and next thing I knew I was driving over to his apartment. I was kinda nervous when I knocked on his door but that went away when a good looking guy opened the door. He introduced himself as Matt and invited me in. 

"You want a beer or something?" Matt asked. 

"No I'm cool." Was the only reply I could come up with. 

Matt was wearing an open button up shirt and a pair of loose shorts. "If it's ok with you we can just do this here in the livingroom, my roommates aren't home so it should be safe." Matt said as he walked over to a big chair against the wall. 

"Yeah, wherever you want is ok with me." I said, as Matt casually dropped his shorts and took a seat in an overstuffed chair. His cock was semi hard and it looked about 7 inches, he also had a set of huge balls hanging nice a low. 

With Matt sitting in his chair the only way to do this was on my knees in between his legs. As I got down on my knees Matt scooted down until his huge balls hung down over the edge of the cushion of the chair. I moved down and started to lick his balls and I saw his cock twitch. "I love a blowjob that starts with a good ball licking." Is all Matt said. I worked my tongue around each of his balls and then starting sucking them in and out of my mouth. 

This went on for about 2 or 3 minutes when Matt spoke up. "My cock isn't going to suck itself." 

I looked up and Matt was staring at me. His cock was fully hard now and it looked absolutely huge, I would bet he wasn't lying about being 9" and it had filled out very thick. 

I ran my tongue up his balls onto the shaft of his cock and then to his cock head. I arched by head to I could take the head of his cock in my mouth without using my hands (I love when women do this to my cock, so thought I would give it a try). Matt took in a quick breath when the head of his cock was in my mouth. I really had to open wide to accommodate the thick head. I started to move my head up and down his cock, going a little deeper each time. I didn't know if I could deepthroat 9 inches but was going to give it one hell of a try. The first time his cock head hit the back of my throat I gagged a little but gave it another try and after about 5 minutes I had about 7 inches in my mouth. I tried several times while fighting the urge to gag to fit the huge head of Matt's cock into my throat but it was just too big. Matt noticed and spoke up for the first time since his cock went into my mouth. 

"Too much cock for ya?" I heard him chuckle a little bit and then he sat back in his chair again. I continued to suck his cock, sliding my lips up and down his shaft while working the those last few inches with my hand. Matt didn't seem to be getting any closer to cumming and I knew this was going to a long blowjob.

Just then his cell phone rang, I started to come up off his cock as he reached for his phone. Just when my lips reached the head of his cock, Matt's hand came down on the back of my head and he pushed me down deeper on his cock. 

"Hello" Matt answered his phone. He kept his hand on the back of my head pushing me up and down on his cock. "No just hanging out." Matt said to whoever called him. Matt continued to control the pace of the blowjob while he talked on the phone for about 10 minutes. My jaw was really starting to get sore by this point. Finally I heard Matt say "Hey, I gotta get going. I'll be over later." With that he hung up his phone and took his hand off the back of my head. I pulled off his cock to give my jaw a rest.

"Looks like you need some help getting my cock down your throat. Let give this a try." Matt stood up and told me to get up on the coffee table on my hands and knees. 

"This should give me a straight shot right down your throat." Matt said as he looked down at me. 

With me in position Matt stood in front of me. His huge cock lined up with my mouth. I open wide and Matt grabbed the sides of my head and slid his cock into my mouth. In this position I had no control as Matt started to push his cock in and out of my mouth. He went a little deeper each time and soon his cock head was bumping the back of my throat. I gagged a little but Matt just kept pumping his cock deeper into my throat. Finally, with one quick push I felt the head slide into my throat and my nose touched his pubic hair. 

"Oh yeah, there it is." Matt said and then he rammed his cock deep again this time it went all the way down my throat and my nose was being held against his abdomen. Matt was relentless, for the next 5 minutes he fucked my throat. I was in a daze at this point. I've had his cock in my mouth for about 40 minutes by this point and Matt didn't seem like he was ready to cum yet.

I was startled when the door to the apartment opened and in walked a tall black guy. Matt never stopped ramming his cock down my throat and the guy who walked in didn't seem phased at all about the sight before him. 

"Hey, Matt" the guy said while dropping a bookbag onto the counter. 

"Hey, Joe." Matt relied. "Oh, this is Joe. My roommate. You think my cock is big you should see the monster he is packing" 

Matt talked to me like it was nothing to have a person walk in on him with his cock rammed down a guys throat. Matt's was moving his cock quicker now and with more force. My jaw was killing me, my throat was on fire, and I was in a daze after being face fucked for the last 20 minutes. Matt's cock started to swell in my mouth and I knew he was close to cumming. Finally with a grunt Matt buried his cock as deep as he could in my throat and shot a huge load straight down my throat. I was starting to feel light headed and thought I was going to pass out from lack of oxygen when Matt pulled his cock out of my mouth. I rolled off the coffee table and onto the floor gasping for breath. 

After a few seconds I caught my breath and thought it might be time to get going. I looked up and there was Joe with about 8 inches of semi-hard black cock hanging in front of my face. Looks like I still had some cock to suck. I just hope Matt doesn't have any more roommates.