 You've heard the line before: "I'm married to a beautiful woman and am mostly straight, but every once in a while I'm overcome by that craving and I simply must suck cock." That's pretty much been the story of my life ever since I discovered my first glory hole at an ABS, when I was 18. It wasn't until recently though, maybe in the last year, that my cravings started to change. 

For the past few months I've become increasingly obsessed with the idea of being a slut. The more I thought about it, the more it turned me on. I wanted to become a filthy, dirty, insatiable, cocksucking slut, and I wanted to find a dominant man with a fat cock who would recognize what I was and use me like a worthless whore should be used.

I started posting ads online, describing what I wanted. Of course I received a lot of responses, but most of them were worthless. Most guys were either too old, too fat, or too fake. I also didn't want anyone who was too nice, too polite, or too cautious. I was looking for a real man who knew what he liked and was aggressive about taking it. Over the following months I arranged several meetings, but they all failed to live up to the fantasy in my mind. That's not to say that I didn't have fun. I always enjoy being on my knees with cock in my mouth. But for various reasons none of these encounters satisfied my craving. That is, until last Monday....

I had the day off and my wife was at work, so I decided to post another ad. His email was the first to arrive, and it immediately got my attention. 

"42, GL professional black man. Glad to see your ad, I've been looking for a white bitch. I'm at work right now near your location. Come by, close my office door, and submit to me. No more talking, no pics, no stats, no bullshit. A real slut doesn't give a fuck about any of it, she just wants the cock. 8 inches, cut, and thick. I'll expect you here within 30 minutes. Don't be late." He included his address and directions. 

I was blown away by his approach. So dominant, so confident. I had no idea what he looked like but I already couldn't wait to suck him off. He was absolutely right: if I wanted to be used like a true slut then I had to start acting like one. Without even thinking about what I was doing I grabbed my bottle of poppers and got in the car. 20 minutes later I was standing outside his office door, shaking with nerves and trying to build the courage to continue. Finally, I took a deep breath and knocked on the door.

"Come in."

I opened the door and stepped in without looking up. I knew that if I could just close the door behind me then I'd be trapped, and I'd have no choice but to go through with what I had come to do. What I needed to do. As the door clicked shut behind me I finally lifted my eyes and looked up. I nearly came in my pants right there.

The man was gorgeous. Even sitting behind his desk, I could tell he was tall. His skin was dark and contrasted beautifully against his white oxford shirt. He wore a power tie, deep red. He had the aura of a successful executive, a powerful man that was used to getting what he wanted. He looked at me without speaking. Neither of us said anything. With each passing second the silence became more deafening to me, tearing at my already thin nerves. By contrast, he seemed perfectly comfortable. It was like he controlled the air itself and was using it to break me down and establish his dominance. I was in the presence of a superior male and we both knew it. As expected, I broke down first.

"Is everything OK?" I asked.

"Shut up, bitch." His words were aggressive, but his voice was calm and controlled. "You're not here to talk, are you?"

"No, sir." I replied.

"What are you here for, then?"

I hesitated, never having actually said the words out loud before. Just then I heard voices outside the door, two women talking as they walked past and down the hall. I suddenly remembered where we were and I felt a jolt of excitement run down my spine and into my cock.

"I asked you a question. Why did you come here today? I'm not going to give you want you want until I know you're ready to commit to it. My cock doesn't have time to waste on scared little bitches. It takes a true slut to suck out my seed. Now say it!" His voiced raised slightly at the end, and I knew he was serious.

"I'm here to worship your cock like the filthy whore that I am. I'm here to submit myself to your cock and balls, and to be used like a worthless fuck toy."

"OK then." He said, "Come over here and get on your knees."

I did as he instructed, walking around his desk and kneeling on the floor in front of him. The feeling of the hard floor on my knees sent another shiver to my groin. He got out of his chair and stood up, towering over me. His crotch was at eye level, inches in front of me. I looked up at his face and we made eye contact. His dominance over me in that moment was absolute. I have never been more turned on in my life.

"Take the poppers out of your pocket." He said.

How he knew I had poppers with me I'll never know, but the fact that he knew me so well took my arousal to a higher level. He knew exactly what he was doing.

"Close your eyes and take one deep, slow hit." He told me. "Very slow, like you're barely even breathing. Then hold it until I say you can release."

I obeyed without hesitation. With one nostril covered I proceeded to take the deepest, longest, slowest hit of my life. Once my lungs were full, I held my breath and replaced the cap on the bottle with my eyes still closed. The effects were immediate, and intense. My favorite thing about poppers is the way they heighten all of those dirty little sex feelings. A good hit of poppers could turn me on in a church full of screaming babies on Easter Sunday. In this case I was already aroused beyond belief, and the massive hit nearly caused me to pass out with excitement. All of my senses went numb and the world around me melted away as I drifted off towards nirvana. Somewhere in the distance I heard a voice.

"Exhale."

The sensations intensified further as I released the air in my lungs. In that instant I achieved a moment of perfect bliss. That's when I felt it.

THWACK. THWACK. THWACK.

Three dull, but deliberate slaps fell on my face. I opened my eyes just in time to witness heaven on earth. His semi-erect cock, all 7 beautiful black inches of it, was flying through the air coming down to land directly against my face. 

THWACK.

He held it there this time, resting his shaft across my face, from chin to forehead, with his smooth balls resting against my chin. In that moment I shot a load in my pants, without ever having even touch myself. He moved the shaft from side to side, rubbing his length across every inch before tilting my head forward. He placed his scrotum at the top of my forehead and let it sit there for a full minute before slowly, agonizingly slowly, dragging his balls down the full length of my face. It was exquisite. 

"Hand me your cell phone." He ordered. "Activate the camcorder feature."

Every ounce of common sense in my body screamed for me not to do it, but common sense was no longer calling the shots. I did as he asked and handed him the phone. He pointed the camera down at my face and cockslapped me several times.

"What are you?" He asked.

"I'm your whore." I replied.

"And why are you here?"

"Because I'm an absolute slut who will do anything to suck your cock."

THWACK. THWACK. THWACK.

I moaned like a bitch in heat, knowing that my complete humiliation was now being filmed.

"Put your hands behind your back and open your mouth."

This was it. My quest to become a submissive slut was about to be complete. My face was his to use.

I don't know why I had expected him to be gentle, but I was sadly mistaken. He plunged his tool down my throat in one swift motion and I immediately started to gag and cough. He pulled back for a moment to let me breathe before shoving it back in. Again, it was more than I could handle and I instinctively pulled back and started to bring my hand up. He must have been expecting it, because he intercepted me and squeezed my wrist with a vice-like grip. His strength distracted me and he used the opportunity to slap my face with his cock again, this time hard enough to really hurt. 

THWOMP. THWOMP. THWOMP.

With my wrist still in his grip he leaned in close to my face and said, "You will not disobey me again, understand? You are here to be my personal fuck toy, and fuck toys don't resist. They just lay there and take whatever I want to give them. Besides, real filthy sluts don't fight against the cock, they beg for more."

I had never known that a person could be scared out of their minds and insane with lust at the same time, but I experienced both just then.

"I don't like the way you're sucking it right now, bitch. You'd better get better real fast. Get up and lie down on my desk, with your head hanging over the side."

I got into position and opened my mouth. As soon as his cock was in my mouth I began to recognize the benefits of this technique. With my head hanging back, my mouth and throat now formed a single, straight opening. I felt the head of his cock enter my throat and slide all the way in. I had his entire cock sucked down to the base, and I felt a surge of pride. I was in ecstasy with my mouth and throat completely stuffed full of man meat. I looked up, past his sweaty balls resting on my nose, and saw that he still had the camera in his hand, pointing down at me, capturing every degrading moment. I came again.

The next few minutes were a blissful blur of primal, uninhibited, and unrelenting facefucking. He used me, totally and completely. I have no idea how long the assault lasted, but by the end there was no doubt about exactly what I meant to him. Nothing. Absolutely nothing. I was nothing but a warm, wet hole. The savage raping he gave my face was all the proof I needed to know that he was the real man, and I was just his sex object.

When he finally pulled his cock out it was like having my soul ripped out. I half cried, half whimpered as my lips chased after his retreating dick, desperate to replace what I had lost. He grabbed a fistful of my hair and walked around his desk, forcing me to sit up. Without warning, he yanked me off the desk by my hair and threw me to the ground. My head hit the floor hard, and I completely lost my bearings for a moment. I sat up and leaned back against the wall. Suddenly, his strong hand was on my face, pinching one nostril closed and holding the little brown bottle under the other. 

"Deep breath now."

I inhaled fast and deep, like a drowning man fighting for life. The combination of the oral assault, the blow to the head, and the huge hit of poppers proved to be too much, and the world started to slip away. My eyeballs started to roll back. The last visions I saw, before losing consciousness, were long, thick ropes of sticky cum erupting from the head of his big black cock and flying towards my face. ..

When I woke up he was sitting back at his desk, doing something on the computer. 

"You were good today, slut, so I'm going to give you a special reward. I copied the video from your phone and saved it to my computer. I'm going to show it to some friends of mine that I know will like what they see."

I was still hazy as I struggled to get up. I could feel something wet all over my face, and I perked up when I remembered what it was. I sat down in the chair across from his desk and listened quietly. I reached up and scraped some of the cum into my mouth using my finger. The taste alone nearly made me cum again, but I was too exhausted. I continued feeding myself cum as he spoke.

"Sometime over the next few days I'm going to email you a time and place. I don't give a shit what else you have going on, you WILL be there. The boys are going to love passing you around. You'll be the dirtiest, most submissive slut any of them have ever had. Now get the fuck out of here. I'm done with you and have shit to do."

That was two days ago. As I was sitting here writing this story I got an email notice. I haven't check it yet, but my balls are tingling with anticipation. I cannot fucking wait!