 It has been many, many years since I have been with a guy. I've wanted to have a cock in my mouth and my ass for a long time but it just had not worked out. I had responded to numerous ads on a popular hook-up web site but nothing materialized. 

By way of introduction and explanation, I am bi-sexual. I have sex with women and cherish my relationships with them but sex with a man is an amazing turn-on. I have had sex with three different men in my adult years and it always involved me sucking them and them sucking me. In two of my male-male relationships, there was a corresponding amount of anal sex, with each of us cumming in the other's ass. I love the feeling of a hard penis in my mouth and I've always looked forward to being penetrated. It always hurt a bit when my partner first inserted his penis but, as those who have been there know, the discomfort quickly fades and pleasure soon becomes the overwhelming sensation.

It had been more than twenty years since I had a meaningful sexual encounter with another man. That all changed during the spring of 2011 when I met Greg online. He had placed an ad with two pictures of his cock. The pictures were small and not of high quality, but the cock looked very appetizing. No need to describe it in detail here, but it was a cock that I found to be quite attractive. The hair was neatly trimmed and the shaft appeared to be smooth and capable. My own cock is 7" to 7.5" hard, smooth, cut, and it stands perpendicular to my body when hard. My cock is about as thick as the diameter of a toilet paper tube.

I contacted Greg and he seemed interested. I sent him some pictures of my cock and he wanted to get together. It actually took a month to make it happen, however. During this time, I texted him a number of pics of my cock as I was masturbating. We had a number of email discussions about things we had done and I learned that he was not into swallowing cum. This disappointed me because I love cum. I've had one other guy's cum in my mouth but I've eaten my own for years. He also told me that he wasn't into being a bottom, which didn't really phase me because I wanted to be the bottom. I wanted a cock in my mouth and I wanted to feel a thick, hard cock penetrating my hole. I wanted that cock to slide in and out until it exploded with cum and passion deep inside my hungry body.

The day finally came when Greg and I were to meet. I arrived at my hotel and I took the usual preparatory steps: enema, shower, clean up on my shave. I have shaved my man bush for years so I simply had to drag the razor over a few times to get rid of any shadow that had accumulated since that morning. By 5:00 I was ready to go.

I was really disappointed when Greg texted me at 5:30 and said that he had to work late and that he wouldn't be ready until 7. I made use of the time by logging on to my XTube account and watching some of my favorite videos, getting myself prepared and worked up for the evening's activities.

The time finally arrived. I met Greg and we went back to my hotel. We sat across from each other, one on each bed, and chatted for a few minutes. Prior to me meeting him, I had cued up one of my favorite XTube vids on my laptop. This particular video is simply amazing. The scene opens with an extreme close up of an anal hole at the bottom of the video frame. The hole is very delicious: it's clean, absent of any hair, and the structure of it makes it a thing of beauty. The anal hole is there and soon a tongue appears and it performs an amazing rim job. After several minutes, an erect penis appears from the top of the video frame and it descends on the hole. It enters the hole with ease, which always sends me into orbit. The initial entry is my favorite part of any anal sex video and it is also my favorite part of any sexual encounter I have of the anal type. In the video, the penis enters the partner's ass and it slides in and out until it cums, both inside and outside of the anal cavity. I had the video cued up to the end of the portion that features the rim job. 

As Greg and I were talking, I mentioned that I had an awesome video ready to go. He was eager to see it. We went over to the desk and I sat in the chair, with Greg kneeling to my right. I played the video and all he could say was, "Hot. Totally hot." After about two minutes of watching the tongue do its thing and the transition to full anal penetration, Greg put his left hand on my right quad. At this point I knew for certain that a memorable event was about to happen in that room. I reached down and untied my shoes. Greg was rubbing my leg and within five minutes I had stood up and faced him as he knelt beside me. I undid my pants and slid them off as I stood before him. I pulled down my underwear and he said, "Oh, that's nice" when my semi-erect penis was freed of its confines.

Greg knew exactly what to do. He put his right hand around the base of my cock and used his left hand to guide my cock into his mouth. The initial feeling of his warm, wet mouth enveloping my engorging penis was amazing. I moaned as he slid my lengthening cock in and out of his mouth. Within two minutes I was fully hard, and I could tell that he liked it very much. Knowing that you are doing something that makes another human being sexually aroused is a great feeling, and I am sure Greg was very pleased with his performance thus far. 

After I was fully erect, I backed up and removed my cock from his mouth. The reason this whole adventure started was because I wanted a cock in MY mouth and I wanted a cock in MY ass; I was about to make that happen. I backed up and my cock stood straight out from my body. I took Greg's hands and pulled him to his feet. I knelt in front of him and quickly undid and removed his pants. He pulled his shirt off and I pulled down his underwear. His cock flopped down and the slit of his penis was staring at my face. At this point I did what any self-respecting cock admirer would do: I stared approvingly at the cock before me and I put it in my mouth. It felt glorious. Greg's cock was not very long or thick, but it did pretty much fill my mouth. I had my right hand at the base of his cock and my left hand was on his right butt cheek, holding and pulling him into me. It had been so many years since I was in this position, yet I still knew exactly what to do.

A male's erect penis is an amazing work of biology. It is stiff and hard, by virtue of the blood that fills all of the vessels, but the skin that surrounds that shaft is soft and warm. It seems to be contradictory that something could be soft and hard at the same time, but that's exactly how an erect penis feels when it's in your mouth. I swallowed his cock all the way to its root. By now I had both hands on his butt cheeks. I worked his shaft with experience and precision. In and out; in and out. My tongue swirled around the head of his cock and it was obvious that he was really into our situation. I used my right hand to hold his penis up against his abdomen so I could lick the underside of his shaft. This is perhaps my favorite thing when giving a blow job because it allows me to admire the cock and I get to use my tongue in a way that elicits great pleasure in the one I am servicing.

After several minutes, Greg removed his cock from my mouth and laid back on the bed, his knees bent at the edge of the bed. I spread his legs and crawled in between and I engulfed his cock as he lay on his back. My own cock was like a piece of steel. As I was blowing Greg, I stroked my smooth balls and shaft with my right hand. I spent many minutes running my tongue up and down the underside of Greg's shaft. He was moaning and I knew I was succeeding at the task at hand. After about 10 minutes, I stood up, turned around so the backs of my legs were against the bed, and I took Greg's cock in my right hand. I stood it up and lowered myself onto his cock in a reverse cowboy position. Perhaps it was because his cock wasn't terribly large or perhaps it was because I was so prepared for anal sex that night, but, for whatever reason, Greg's cock slid in with no resistance at all from my sphincter. I sat down on his cock, wiggled a bit to make sure it was fully seated, and sat there for a moment to savor this spectacular event.

I rose up on his cock and then slid back down, feeling my insides part as his cock penetrated me to its full length. After several minutes, I leaned back, moved my feet from the floor to the bed, and I continued to ride Greg's cock for my own, selfish pleasure. His cock felt really good inside my hungry, willing hole. As I was riding him I expected him to start reaching the point of his pleasurable, explosive release. He didn't give any indication so I continued to ride. After another 7 or 8 minutes, he guided my butt off his cock. We stood up and he lightly pushed me back onto the bed. I lay back on the bed and he moved to a standing position between my legs. I raised my feet because I knew exactly what was going to happen next.

As if we had practiced this to perfection, Greg moved in just as I was raising my feet and legs. I put my ankles on his shoulders and raised my butt off the bed. Greg took his cock and entered me again with complete ease. I was not prepared for how this would feel. Greg pushed his hard cock into me and, in the process, the tip of his cock rubbed my prostate. I almost went through the roof because the pleasure was so complete and overpowering. Greg pushed his cock all the way in and pulled it out. I did not expect the same level of pleasure when he pushed his cock back in, but that wave of intense sensation and ecstasy filled me once again. I simply laid back and let him have his way with me. He ran his cock in and out of my accepting hole, each stroke bringing intense pleasure as the head of his cock grazed and pushed against my prostate. My own cock started leaking pre-cum because of the attention my prostate was getting. I began to wonder if I were going to climax from being drilled. This was a beautiful scene. Greg was positioned between my spread, raised legs. My ankles were resting on his shoulders and he was thrusting in and out of my rectum, with semen dripping from the tip of my cock in not insignificant amounts. 

Finally, the moment I knew would come was upon us. I could feel Greg's cock swell within my cavity. His strokes became rhythmic yet more intense. I knew he was going to explode. I wanted him to seed me in the worst way. Our encounter did not have much dialogue at all but I knew I needed to encourage him to ecstasy. I said, "Yes, oh yes! Yes, fill me!!!" Greg definitely responded in a positive way and pumped with more ferocity. I raised my voice, "Yes! Greg! Do me!! I want to feel your cum inside me!!" Faster; faster; even deeper he thrust. He reached that point that men know so well. He hesitated momentarily and then I felt him erupt inside me. Spurt after spurt went deep inside me. I exclaimed, "Oh, yes! Yes! Shoot inside me! Cum for me! Cum IN me!!" Greg's hands were gripping my quads and he stood there as his balls emptied millions of sperm inside me. Meanwhile, my cock exploded, too. I couldn't believe it! I was cumming because another man was pumping me and cumming deep inside me. I cried out, "Oooooh YES! Oooh YES!! I wiggled my ass around on his still-erect cock as he stood there and savored his moment. 

Greg finally went limp and he pulled his wet, dripping cock from my ass. I had cum all over my stomach so I scooped it up and ate it. I sat up and took Greg's cock into my mouth and I cleaned him completely. As I tasted his juices mixed with mine, my own cock twitched back to life, mere minutes from its own sensory explosion. Greg had made his own plans for the evening, and I was ok with that. As he dressed, I slid my pants back on. I walked him to the door and we shook hands. I said, "That was really fun. I'm so glad we finally got together." He replied, "Yeah, it was great!" He gave me a smile and left. I went back to my computer and watched that video again. By the time the cock in the video was ready to explode, I was hard again and I jerked off onto my stomach. I ate my second load of cum for the night and then drifted off to sleep, reliving every moment of the past 90 minutes.