 He slowly moved his hand along the full length of his swollen seven inch sword as he turned the pages of the magazine he was reading. He paused, put his finger to his lips and moistened the head of his organ, and continued to stroke. I pushed the door open slowly and entered the dimly lit hotel room. He brazenly continued to stroke his oozing member as he patted the pillow beside him. As I slid the terry cloth robe off of my shoulders to expose my rock hard member I thought back.

My wife and I had moved to the small town nestled along the river bank. Quiet, peaceful, caught in a time warp of old values. We purchased an old three story house, built at the turn of the century, just a couple of blocks from Jeff and Joan. My wife had known Jeff and Joan from high school, so we stopped to say hello. Soon we were fast friends, going to church together, games with their teenaged boys. We spent most of our free time together. Jeff and I worked on the same floor of the General Office building, and occasionally spend lunch together. After work, we would sometimes go to the gym and play volley ball or basketball. Nothing like a good game of one on one, to get the sweat boiling, the blood racing. The hands on contact of blocking out, pushing sweaty body, against sweaty body, trying to impede his path to the basket. Some times his hands seem to caress my buttock, instead of push me, steer me away from the basket. That was the game though. 

Jeff and I were about the same build, but Jeff was handsome, lean, and his golden locks made him nice to look at but he sometimes acted so effeminate, it made you wonder if he preferred boys to ladies. Jeff and Joan had been married for 12 years and had four boys of varying ages. Jeff constantly reminded me that all his wife liked to do was run the house like a drill sergeant, and make love all night long as they watched adult movies. 

We would sometimes escape the endless banter our wives seemed to enjoy in Jeff's basement workshop. It was in a quiet corner of the basement next to the boys room. Small and cramped, really built for one. We would spend hours talking, while Jeff worked on a project, or showed me his latest accomplishments. Often moving around the shop he would brush against me as he slid by to get a hammer or screwdriver. Occasionally I swear his hand would accidentally slide across my ass, or he would rub his crotch across me as he squeezed by. It excited me, confused me. Yet I continued to play in his workshop. 

One day while Jeff was upstairs answering the sarges call, I opened a drawer and found tucked in the back a men's magazine. Fifteen pages of not young, bare breasts and pussy but shiny, glossy pictures of young men. Men with there cocks being sucked, licked, and stroked. My heart raced, as I turned the pages. My cock leaped to life. I hurriedly replaced the books as I heard Jeff coming down the stairs. When he squeezed by and his hand lingered on my ass. I unconsciously pressed back to enjoy the contact a fraction longer. He smiled knowingly and went back to his project. 

Saturday, the wife was at work and I heard Jeff knock at the back door. He often came over on the weekend, we would talk, watch movies, plan our day. This morning I had other plans. I was still in my robe as I let him in. Apologizing for running late I told him I needed to take a quick shower, before we went golfing. I told him there was a few new movies on the TV stand, every thing from Bambi, to XXX, make himself at home, while I showered and dressed. I watched him pour a cup of coffee as I headed up the stairs to the bathroom. As water filled the tub, and I listened for his footsteps on the creaky stairs, my heart pounded, and my knees trembled. I took a deep breath to relax when I heard the stairs creak, and climbed into the shower. As I heard the floor board outside the bathroom door squeak, I turned the water off and stepped naked out of the shower enclosed claw foot tub. My cock half hard knowing Jeff was looking through the keyhole of the old bathroom door. I dried my self slowly, offering many different views of my ass, but only quick glimpses of my now turgid manhood. Completely dried, I slowly applied hand and body lotion to my arms and legs, then turned openly to apply the lotion up and down the full length of my shaft. Slowly stroking it for the benefit of the keyhole, smiling as a little pre cum oozed out the head. I set the lotion down and reached for the bath towel. As I wrapped it around my waist, I heard the stairs creak as Jeff bounded downstairs to the TV room. 

As I strode into the TV room wrapped only in my towel Jeff was sitting on the love seat watching the XXX movie. I stood nonchalantly beside the loveseat, drying my hair with a second towel. I watched the TV and heard the moans as the couple on the video exchanged spit. As the male exposed his cock on the TV to her waiting lips, I sat on the arm of the loveseat, just inches from Jeff's face. I saw Jeff look at me. 

"Nice!" I said with a tremble in my voice, as the cock on the TV disappeared into the TV vixens wet lips. My hands shook and my knee trembled visibility, as Jeff's hand brushed my leg. The towel fell away exposing my trembling hard-on to his gaze as his hand confidently traveled to my crotch. I turned my hips toward him and his tongue reached out and licked the sensitive head of my cock. 

He swiveled and knelt in front of me licking up and down the full length of my shaft. He caressed my ass as he wrapped his lips around my dick and swallowed it to the base. I fucked in and out of his mouth as he became the willing slave to my needs. I exploded deep in his throat when he slipped a finger into my asshole. As I pumped hot wet sticky cum down his throat, he slid his finger in and out of my ass matching the pumping of my ejaculating cock. He clutched me tight and squeezed my cock head with the muscles of his throat. 

He stood and kissed me. Slipping his tongue in my mouth as he unzipped his pants. I could taste my own cum on his lips as we shared his wet hot breath. My pulse still raced, I trembled and shuddered all over as he bent me over the arm of the couch and placed his huge cock head between my ass cheeks. Using his fingers he collected some spit from his mouth to lubricate my virgin asshole and his cock head. He pressed against my rectum and I moaned, groaned loudly as he slid past my sphincter muscles, filling me, tearing me, yet he pressed insistently on. Soon I was pushing back wanting to feel his balls slap against my ass. He rocked in and out, humping, pumping, enjoying the ride. He slapped my ass and bit my neck filling my body with pain and pleasure. He exploded in my ass, throbbing, pumping, jerking, spewing his hot sperm. Then collapsed in a sweaty heap on my back. 

That was two long weeks ago, we hadn't been alone since. We exchanged knowing smiles at the office, but suddenly not finding time to be alone. My mind raced when the boss told me he wanted me to visit the district office on the coast. That was the office that Jeff did the budgeting for. When I told Jeff he smiled. Two days later I learned that he was to be in the district office as well, conveniently doing a recount of the army base for budget projection purposes. He left a copy of his itinerary on my desk with a little smiley face, circled the hotel name with a notation "if you like, we can meet for dinner, talk about what comes up."

Sunday finally arrived, and I thought long and hard about all the signs, I should have picked up on the six hour drive to the coast office. How could I have missed so much, wasting three months of pleasure. 

As I chatted with the lady at the check in counter she laid an envelope in front of me. Your friend said to give this to you when you checked in. Making conversation, trying to hide my little blush, I asked her what she did for fun. She quickly recanted her story. She would be fun to get to know I though so, nothing ventured, nothing gained, I asked her if she would enjoy meeting for lunch or dinner some time. Maybe help ease a lonely travelers, day. 

She hesitated, "my husband would kill me if he found out." she smiled with a twinkle in her eye. "Hey it only lunch. How about tomorrow?" she snapped back. She pressed a card with her number on it into my hand, "ask for Cheryl." 

I laid my bags on the motel bed, and opened Jeff's envelope. "Room 912, 9:00 o'clock, was written on the back of the Polaroid. As I flipped it over there was a close up shot of Jeff's 7 inches. 

This was going to be a busy week.