 This is the true story of the time I lost my virginity to Mike, an older man I met on the internet. I will always remember my times with Mike. His cock was one of those rare, perfect cocks that you can always recall in your mind in a second, so every time we fucked was memorable. I hope you enjoy our first time as much as I did.

*****

For as long as I can remember, I craved cock. And I mean I really craved it. By the time I was a senior in high school, my sexual fantasies revolved around big, juicy dicks with cum cascading down them for me to lap up. I practiced blowing anything vaguely cock-shaped and I'd swallow my own cum. I dreamt of a cock swelling and emptying cum into my virgin asshole. Instinctually, I knew I was a total bottom. In the core of my sexual identity, I always knew my truth. I was the submissive receiver. I think any total bottom will back that up, pun intended. 

What was strange about all of this was the fact that I wasn't attracted to any guys my age. I wasn't really attracted to any gay guy, I just found the prospect of getting fucked and sucking a cock intensely arousing. I felt so slutty with no avenue to be slutty. With no idea how to solve that problem, I was a virgin who watched vanilla gay porn and jerked off. 

Once I got to college, I found other ways to explore my gay side. As a slender white boy and total bottom, I had no desire to use my cock as anything more than a clit with guys. Living in a single dorm had its perks. I began smoking weed in college; being high makes me so submissive and horny for cock it's absurd. I became insatiable when stoned. After jerking off to the idea of fucking myself, I caved and bought myself a real 7 inch dildo; I had it in my ass 24/7. I would get high and use gay chat roulette, riding my dildo for anyone with a nice cock to watch. I never showed my face though. 

One day, I stumbled across a video that started me on my life-altering course towards Daddy cock. Videos seem to have that power over me. It was a video of this slender boi moaning as an older man fucked him bareback in missionary. The older man grunted as he fucked the boi roughly until he shoved his dick balls deep. The boi responded by moaning, "Daddy," as the older man seeded his hole. 

My entire identity came into sharp focus as I watched the cum dribble out. I liked older men! That was it! I was a fucking slut for older men! I wanted to date them, I wanted to cuddle with them, I wanted to call them Daddy. I wanted to be their boy to dote on them, run my hands through their hair or their beard, feel their rough skin against my smooth skin. It was so simple, how did I never realize it? 

Pretty quickly every older man became the sexiest creature alive to me. I loved everything about them, their graying hair, their slight wrinkles, and their veiny, rock hard cocks. I wanted to learn how to get them. Tumblr used to have fantastic daddy/son and sissy porn. It was ridiculous, I found every picture and video of older men fucking sissies who looked just like me. One picture drove me wild. A small twink making out with this older and muscular daddy while the daddy's thick cock is buried to the hilt in his ass. The twink was sitting on his daddy's hairy, thick legs in what seemed to be the perfect union. I was struck because I immediately thought of my anthropology professor, Steve. He always wore a well fitting dress shirt and tight dress pants during office hours, and his leg muscles stretched the fabric. This guy's legs looked just like Steve's.

Steve was a large man too, in his mid 50's, but built. He taught me anthropology 101. I smiled involuntarily while I thought of him, which was weird because I was always a basket-case of nerves around him. He was an attractive man, but comfortably attractive, like your friend's hot dad. His face was warm and inviting, and he had a cute twinkle in eye when he got excited about anthropology things. I thought about Steve's fit body. I always saw him running around campus and he'd come talk to me on the quad covered in sweat. I looked at the picture and thought, "I wonder if Steve fucks like that?"

Holy shit, why was I thinking about how he fucks? This could only end poorly. Admittedly, during our meetings, I would look for his cock's outline, because duh, horny 18 year old college freshman. But it was in a mindlessly horny way. But sitting there, stroking my little cock, looking at this daddy making love to a boy just like me. I was rethinking him. True, I was always impressed by him; he was in great shape and was pretty cute... Suddenly, the picture transformed into me and Steve, with me making love to Steve, milking his weighty cock with my ass, begging for his seed. I shook as a massive orgasm rolled through me and my cock exploded, sending cum all over my body. For the rest of the year, classes became hard for me, if you catch my drift. I unfortunately never got the chance to see Steve's cock, but he was the first real person I ever masturbated to while imagining him fucking me.

------

I turned 20 and decided enough was enough, I was an adult and I wanted to get my ass fucked by an older man before I was too old to be a boi. I needed to lose my virginity fast because I knew part of my whole fantasy was being a young, small-framed boi. I wanted to be able to beg for a Daddy to pick me up and fuck me, and I wanted to beg him cum deep inside me while holding me. 

In my desperation for cock, I signed up for a gay hookup site. I created a profile, listed my interests, and had a few nearby guys in the works. But nothing that really excited me. Then I got a message from Him. His username was BigCockMike and he lived close to me. I chuckled at the cocky name, but still clicked on his message. I was horny and jerking off, sue me. Besides, as you'll see, it worked out.

His profile opened and I saw his pictures. More importantly, I saw it.

I saw his manhood. His username was accurate. His cock had to be at least 8 inches and thick! My little penis stiffened. Just at the mere sight of it, my mouth started to water; I salivated over his large piece. 

I was salivating over a cock yes, but I wasn't cock-crazy. It was totally justified for Mike's dick. For anybody as obsessed with men's dicks as me, a perfect cock is something to worship. Mike had a perfect one. He was shaved to boot, which let me behold the cock in all its glory. It was large, thick, and perfectly proportioned. The kind of cock that looks fun to ride. The kind of cock that you'd settle down with. The kind of cock that whispers to you sweet nothings. The kind of cock that was in a band, but in a cool way. It was hypnotic. 

Mike's pictures gave many angles. I saw a vein run down the middle of the behemoth, and knew it was supplying the vital blood needed to allow the cock to swell to such size. I observed the head and how it was well-shaped and proportionate to the shaft. Like a work of art. It was a cultured, sophisticated man's cock. My little dick was as hurting just imagining getting to suck it and ride it. I found the first challenge for my ass. 

I clicked on his other pictures. Mike was a tall, slightly-overweight and balding man. He was average looking and must have been very handsome as a youth. He also looked a hell of a lot like my father. Which, if I'm honest, really turned me on. He was perfect. I drank a bit of whisky and smoked a joint, so I decided to reply to him. He asked what I was looking for on the site. It was a hookup site, so I was blunt.

"Hi, I'm Matt. I'm really just looking for a big cock, preferably from a Daddy," I texted.

"Ha ha, then I think I might be of service," he replied.

"Yeah, it looks like you could be ;)" (Did I just send a winky face to a guy my Dad's age?)

"So are you actually 21?"

"Almost. I'm in college right now. But I have a fake."

"Oh cool, what are you studying?"

"History. And a little anthropology. What about you? What's your deal?"

"I'm Mike. I am actually 56. I used to run a hedge fund, so I get to just sit around nowadays. Lean into my hobbies. I also coached my kids soccer teams before they went to college, so I volunteer couch now to stay in shape. Oh, and I'm divorced, so don't worry."

"How many kids?"

"Four, my youngest son is your age. He's at Yale."

"Oh wow," I was so fucking turned on, so I decided to risk it.

"I kinda like that I'm your son's age," I typed and held my breath.

"Me too. In fact, I really like it. That's why I messaged you."

"Someone's a kinky man, haha. So what are you hoping to get out of messaging me?"

I was almost in lust with this man already. He took a while to respond, and I started to get sad. Then he replied.

"Well, your profile said you were looking for an older, total top. I'm an older, total top. Ever since I broke up with my wife, I only fuck eager young bois like you. You said you were into daddy/son stuff too. I love getting my cock sucked by sissies who beg for my big dick. It's even better when it's their first cock. For special bois, I will break in their ass. To be honest, I love taking sissy boy's virginity, but no pressure. I'm just guessing that you're a sissy, too. But I think I'm right." (He was) 

"However, I'm also bisexual, I'm discreet, and I live alone, so I can host. You can do whatever you want at my house. What we do is up to you."

It took a moment to digest all of it. As I read, each sentence brought a wave of arousal, this was insane. He was everything I wanted! I couldn't wait to reply.

"That sounds amazing. Like, OMG, I'm shocked! You're perfect! You are perfect. Sorry, I have always really wanted to suck a dick and swallow some cum. I'd also really like to get fucked. My biggest fantasy is getting bred by a Daddy, but I don't want to do that just yet. Even though I desperately want to with you. Fuck, I'm so fucking horny for your cock."

"Son, we are going to have a lot of fun. And lol, yeah. Most bois fall in love with my cock on first sight. You can't help it ;)"

He was mocking me but he was right. Just from pictures, I was already smitten with his dick! He's lived with that monster in his pants for years. He knows its effect on bois like me.

"I honestly can't stop looking at your cock. It's perfect. I mean, you're perfect too. I love your body. You look so manly and rugged."

"I don't know about rugged, I'm a little outdoorsy. But I'll take it. "

"You're so cute. I'd love to hear more about your hobbies sometime. But, first, your cock. I am in love with it, you're right. What would you do to me with it?" 

I was a thirsty ass boy. He dirty talked accordingly. He described how he'd seduce me. He told me he knew that I wanted to give men pleasure by having them use me as a cumslut. He said that it's only natural to submit to a bigger, stronger older man. How much he wanted to be my Daddy, and for me to be his son. He told me fantasies of fucking his own son, and I said I'd love to role play as his son. He got really excited about that. I had acknowledged my sissy tendencies, and he offered to make me a girl if I wanted. I asked him to turn me into a woman with his cock by cumming deeper in me than anyone else. He offered to buy me lingerie and even to pay me a stipend. Christ, I was horny at this point. As I kept chatting with him, I felt more at ease in conversation to get really kinky. I said I wanted to be the best cocksucker ever, and how I needed to practice on him every day. I told him he needed to put a load in me at least twice a day too. My ass was his to use.

After two hours of furious sexting, he asked me to come over. I panicked and clicked away. I don't know why. I lied and said I couldn't make it that day. Nerves or fear, I don't know. I was so fucking horny, why was I chickening out? It could just be meaningless sex at the end of the day! He asked me for my email, so I gave him my fake email I used for Craigslist horny posting. He said to check out what he sent, and that he knew it would change my mind. Shit. He knew I was lying. Ugh, but I was curious.

I clicked over to my email, and opened his message. He titled it, "Your Competition." I was confused at first. He had just sent over four videos. I hesitantly downloaded them, and opened them each up. The first two were of him jerking off his massive cock. At that point, I assumed he had 8 inches worth, but it was really almost ten on a good day. It was breathtaking in video form. The way it moved around and how hard it got. The cock seemed to have such a weight to it. It was a thick piece of meat. Unlike my skinny 4 inches, he could fit both hands on it. I groaned, he had me. I was transfixed with his cock. At the end of the second video, he came and it sent shivers down my spine. The cum burst from his head and showered into the sink. There was a force and volume behind his orgasm. 

His cum was masculine and sexy to behold, but l didn't understand why he titled the email "Your Competition" or how this would convince me. Then the next two videos. These videos would change my life and push me into Mike's bedroom. As I mentioned before, videos have that ability with me

They were two low quality cell phone videos of young, average-looking white bois, very similar looking to me, sucking Mike's cock. They were two different bois, and I couldn't help but watch them. Mike pointed the camera down at one while they worked on his cock. The boi couldn't have been older than 22 and seemed insatiable when it came to Mike's cock. He was clearly better at sucking cock than the other. He was working the entire cock and he swallowed Mike's load at the end with a smile. The other boy didn't get Mike to finish. He just sort of played with Mike's penis, Mike was hard, but never seemed close to orgasm. 

I then realized what Mike meant, these bois were my competition. My rivals for his cock. And there were more. Mike probably had bois throwing themselves at him all the time! He probably had regulars and was only messaging me out of desperation. I wanted to be a regular one for him! He was the dominant one. I wasn't a prize for Mike to win, his cock was the prize for me. I needed to earn it, and I was doing a bad job. As I rewatched the two bois blowing Mike, all I could think was, "I could do better than that!" I was taken aback, I becoming such a sex-crazed slut. 

I had to earn Mike's cock by not flaking. It was decided. I messaged him that I could come over. To prove to him and myself that I was the better slut for his cock. I'm so grateful Mike sent me those videos. They are what directly motivated me to achieve my potential as a sissy. I like to be competitive sometimes. Plus, and I can't repeat this enough, his dick was just so fucking amazing looking. I'd have done a lot of dirty things for it. I'm still obsessed. 

He gave me his address, it was only a 20 minute drive away. I brought a joint, and hopped in my car. When I got to his street, I parked and smoked half the joint. I walked to his address. It was a fairly large house, especially for someone by themselves. I thought, Mike really needs a woman to look after him. Wow, I was high and horny. And nervous as hell. I knocked on his side door and he let me in. It was a dark house; I was in his gym. He had a few machines and a bench. I smiled, he's in shape, I thought. We walked into the kitchen and I took him in. Mike was a full six inches taller than me, I stand at 5'10". He was at least 6'4". He was pretty built for his age, but had some lovehandles too. He was older than he looked in his pictures, which made him more handsome to me. 

He was a total Daddy. He had graying hair and a beard, but also that look. It's indescribable, but he was a Daddy. He exuded Daddiness. He looked like a middle-aged Italian stock broker who needed to get his dick sucked. His place was pretty nice, but he was clearly a bachelor. I was so unbelievably horny that I couldn't talk. We started to make out and moved to his bedroom. He lay on top of me and continued to press his lips to mine. He smelled like whisky and cigars and masculinity. He was bigger than me, and he used his tongue to prove that. 

We rolled over so I was on top of him, and he took off my shirt and his. I resumed kissing him and pressed my hairless chest against his hairy, rough chest. I felt his heart beat, and I subconsciously knew that each heartbeat was sending blood down to fill his godly member. I could feel it growing against my ass. I started to rub against it, and it grew more. I thought I'd need a moment to settle into the submissive role, but I felt so relaxed and horny and right. I had never felt like this before. Horniness had always been linked to high energy and tension, but I was so calm and yet deeply aroused. I felt safe and so little in his embrace. I was just instinctually rubbing my ass on his dick, as my subconscious revealed my cravings. I moaned and he replied in kind. This was fun, but as we kissed, I realized that I just needed his cock in my mouth. We stopped kissing and I began to remove all my clothes. He got off the bed, took off his pants, and placed his watch on his dresser. His dick looked enormous straining against the boxers I took the opportunity. That's it, I needed it.

"Daddy? I have a problem."

"What is it, slut?"

"I'm really embarrassed, but I really need to suck your dick. I really, really need your cock in my mouth. I'm sorry Daddy"

"Sweetheart, that's okay. You don't need to say sorry. I'd love for you to suck my dick.

I was happy he was a nice Daddy. He could have been as rough as he wanted with me ;) He pulled out his dick. It was almost fully hard. I ran over and dropped to my knees

"Can I suck this, Daddy?"

"Give it a kiss first, slut."

I kissed the head and it reacted to my touch. I giggled involuntarily. Like an excited school girl, I licked it. It reacted again. This was so fun! I grabbed it with hands and fed the head into my mouth. I moaned as it grew. I started to suck Daddy's cock, wow it was getting so big. I had never expected a cock to be this heavy either. It felt like a hose until it got hard. My 7 inch dildo was no practice for this monster. His dick now stood an official 9 1/2 inches with a girth I never measured, but it was wider than my hand could grip. I could get my mouth around it, but there was no hope of deep throating. Mike's cock was so fucking thick. He was lucky it was so large to match the girth. How was I supposed to suck this thing? My knees hurt. His carpet was rough. I began to sympathize with the boy I had judged. I was struggling with Mike's massive Daddy cock too. Who was I to say he was a bad cocksucker? 

No, I was going to do this. I needed to be the best slut for Daddy so he'd fuck me. I started to focus on the head more and eagerly lapped up his pre-cum. I knew my head was sensitive, so I discovered that he'd shudder when I ran my tongue under the helmet of his cock. I love swallowing cum, but licking up pre-cum always gets me so hard because it means I'm about to get fucked. I tried again to get him down my throat. He was too big. But now I could manage the first 4 or so inches. I could at least work the head and jerk off the rest. I bobbed my head up and down. After a few minutes, he was hard as a rock. His dick was a spectacle, I tried to appreciate it as I blew it, and I noticed that I was able to swallow more and more of the cock. Saliva and pre-cum splashed all over and my face was a mess, but I smiled. I now had some of Mike's thick cock down my throat. My throat hurt a little, but I wanted to please Mike so bad. I was just happy I got any of his cock in there. I pulled him out of my mouth and started to slowly jerk his massive tool. He clapped for me, which made me go wild with lust.

"Daddy?"

"Yes?"

"Can you fuck me?"

"Would you like that?"

"I'd love that."

