 I was looking for an apartment in the city, sort of a bachelor pad. One of several criteria was that it be in an area close to theater and restaurants. The city has several neighborhoods that are really interesting but one area is outstanding. There is an abundance of restaurants with menus ranging from moderately-priced comfort food to exotic offerings like Thai, Ethiopian, and Indian, all the way to very high-end with best-of-the-city Zagat ratings. The neighborhood demographic was very diverse with blue-collar housing as well as pricey brownstones occupied by young professional couples, and a large gay population. It was the gays and lesbians, in fact, who brought this section of the city back from the blight into which it had fallen 25 years before.

I went to one of the top real estate agents in the neighborhood and met with one of the managers. She was a smartly dressed woman in her mid 40's. We spoke for a little while about what I was looking for. Lisa asked me if I was looking for a place for just one or was there a significant other to be considered. I told her that I was single at the moment, having been married for a number of years living out in the 'burbs, but I was now separated and looking for a new, more urban lifestyle. She said that I needed to meet Tony, one of her top salespeople, and that he would help me find exactly what I was looking for. Lisa said that Tony would call me and set up an appointment to view some properties. She said that I would definitely be in good hands with Tony.


That evening, Tony called and we agreed to meet at 11am the next day, Sunday, at one of the properties he wanted to show me, a brownstone that had been refurbished into three apartments. I got up early Sunday morning, fairly excited to go apartment hunting in the city. This could be the beginning of a whole new life. I had my coffee and got into a nice hot shower. I did my usual morning ritual, which is to shave my pubes and underarms, something I'd been doing for many years. I've always had a thing about body hair. My wife and I had been shaving for years. I liked the look and the feel of being bare, as did she, and I felt that it had always enhanced our sex life. I usually masturbated during my morning shower but I decided not to. I would see what the day would bring.

I put on a pair of weathered jeans and a silk shirt. When I wear jeans, especially a pair of well-washed ones, I usually go commando. I checked myself out in the mirror and, damn, I looked good for my sixty years. As a matter of fact, I thought I looked no more than 45. I was still trim and my penis was very definable in my seasoned jeans. At least, I thought I looked good.

I met Tony in front of the brownstone at exactly 11am. Timeliness has always been very important to me so Tony was already on my plus side. Tony was a very handsome man with rich, smooth ebony-colored skin, about 35 years old, and clean-shaven. His skin seemed to glow. He was about my height and weight. He was wearing a pair of nicely fitted linen pants with no socks, a pair of great loafers, and a crisp white dress shirt with the top three buttons open, exposing a smooth muscled chest. He had exotic green eyes and a chiseled look, which testified to a visit up at the big house by one of his female ancestors in the distant past. We shook hands as men do when they greet each other. Tony had a firm handshake and a very pleasant smile. I thought that our hands were together just a little longer than they should have been for a first time meeting. Maybe it was just my imagination.

Anyway, Tony opened the door to the building and told me to follow him up the stairs. The first unit was on the second floor of the building. There was a wine shop on the ground level. It was a long flight of stairs to the first apartment and all I had to look at on the way up was Tony's very tight bottom. My mind was playing tricks on me because I could have sworn Tony was making an effort to display himself as we walked up the stairs.

The brownstone had been completely rehabbed. Everything was brand new and pristine. The highly polished oak floors reflected the new cherry kitchen cabinets, the black granite counters, and the stainless steel appliances. The building was on the end of the block so there were windows on three sides of the unit. There was a redwood deck off the kitchen. There was a living area, and two bedrooms. It was a very nice apartment. The asking rent was $2400.

We went up to the next apartment, which was exactly like the first except the deck was smaller. It was the third apartment that had the real charm. It had no deck but was flooded with skylights. The dome of the original circular staircase had been saved and now was part of the ceiling. I told Tony that it was the top floor that really interested me and that I could see myself entertaining my friends in it. I asked him how much the rent was for the top floor unit and he said, that although it was the smallest, the rent was $2800. I told him I was definitely interested in the apartment for at least two years. He said that he would prepare a lease when he got back to his office.

Once business was out of the way, the atmosphere became much more relaxed. Tony asked me what I was looking for by moving into the city. I told him that my wife and I were separated. Without sounding like he was prying, Tony asked me why. For some reason, I felt very comfortable talking with Tony.

I told him that my wife had met a woman with whom she had become very friendly. Their relationship had gone beyond a friendship and they had become physically involved. My wife was not a lesbian, but found sex with this woman so comfortable and necessary to be fulfilled. It really hadn't changed our relationship, either emotionally or sexually. It seemed to add something. Coincidentally, at the same time my wife was discovering her new self, I told Tony, I found myself in a situation where I ended up having sex with a man, something about which I had often fantasized. I didn't consider myself gay but certainly I certainly enjoyed the man-to-man sex. It was new and exciting and different. After many serious discussions, my wife and I decided that we needed to explore our discoveries, that this either was a phase, or maybe we were both bisexual, or maybe we were both really gay.

Tony seemed hypnotized by my story. I went on to tell him that my wife and I decided to live apart for a period of time, that we would "date" each other during that time, but that each would look into their "other side". As I told my story to this black hunk, I could feel my penis stiffening up, pressing against my jeans, showing my obvious arousal. Tony's pants started to tent a bit, as well. He stepped closer to me and, saying he hoped that he wasn't being to forward, unbuttoned my shirt. My nipples were already very visible against the silk. He could be as forward as he wanted, I thought to myself. All I could do was smile approvingly. With my shirt unbuttoned, Tony began rotating a finger on the each of my nipples. There was no doubt that they had become as hard as rocks.

Before I could say or do anything, Tony leaned forward and pressed his lips against mine. I was shocked. I had never kissed a man before, let alone a black man. Sex with a man was a physical thing, not emotional at all. I considered kissing to be more an expression of emotion, like love. His lips were so soft against mine. I felt his lips part slightly and his tongue slipped out, pressing against my mouth. I was in such a state of excitement, I couldn't resist my natural reaction. I could only open my mouth and let his tongue in. His hands were still playing with my nipples as he kissed me and I kissed him back. I unbuttoned his shirt and peeled it back off his shoulders. As he played with my nipples, I reached for his. They were huge and very turgid.

I stepped back, bent down, and clamped my lips on his right nipple. Tony kicked his shoes off. I nibbled on his nipple as I unbuckled his pants and let them drop to the floor. Tony stepped out of his pants. Before me stood a black Adonis with a fantastically toned body. Tony was wearing sheer black boyshorts. His penis was half erect and tucked sideways in his shorts. I was on my knees in front of him. Tony was massaging my shoulders firmly and sensually. I pulled Tony's shorts down, revealing a very black, cut cock that had to be at least 7 inches long and a good 6 inches in girth. What was totally hot was that Tony was completely shaved, just like I was. His cock quickly went from semi-flaccid to fully hard. My mouth was only inches away from the head. I did what came naturally. I took the head of Tony's cock in my mouth and massaged it with my tongue. The desire to suck his cock was overpowering.

This was only the second penis I had ever had in my mouth but the way I took it in, it could have been the 100th or the 1000th. "Like a fish takes to water" is what they say. I was sucking cock like I had been doing it for years. I moved my mouth up and down on Tony's magnificent penis. He gently rocked back and forth with my rhythm. With each stroke, I tried to take his cock a little deeper. It wasn't long before I could feel his cock hitting the back of my throat. I wanted to gag but did I everything I could to control myself. I kept saying to myself, "relax, relax", and I was able to get past the gagging until my nose was against his smooth silky skin.

My hands were still playing with his nipples. I grabbed his buttocks and pushed him into my face. I knew by the way he was breathing that he was close to cumming. Oh, how I wanted to taste his sum. His rhythm increased as his orgasm approached. Although I anticipated it, his ejaculation still was a bit of a surprise. His cock pulsated and he came in my mouth, shot after shot. He whispered to me that I shouldn't swallow his cum. The taste of it was incredible and I wanted to gulp it down. No sooner had he finished with the last squirt, Tony pulled me to my feet and pressed his lips against mine. Again, his tongue pried my lips apart and my mouth opened, this time transferring his cum into his mouth. We tongue-kissed, snowballing his ejaculate back and forth until we had swallowed it all.

We separated and Tony said that it was my turn. He dropped to his knees, unbuckled my pants, and my very stiff cock came out like a switchblade. He stroked my dick for a minute and then it disappeared in his mouth. He took it all the way in, deepthroating me with ease. I played with my nipples as he massaged my ass and my thighs. I wasn't going to be able to hold out long. Tony was well-experienced at giving head. I could feel the cum building in my balls and surging up through my cock. As I started to cum, Tony pulled back so just the head of my cock was in his mouth. I came with a force that was unlike anything I had experienced in recent years. My cum just kept squirting into his mouth. When I couldn't cum any more, Tony stood up. The next move was obvious. I pulled him to me and we kissed, exchanging my cum just as we did his. 

We broke our embrace and we both stepped back. Tony had a broad smile on his face with a bit of my cum dripping out of his mouth. I wiped it off his face and licked it off my finger. What had transpired was totally unexpected but, by no means, unappreciated. I must have had a pretty big smile on my face as well. As we dressed, Tony told me that the paper work for my new apartment would be ready the next day and that if I wanted to stop by his office at the end of the day, we could sign the papers and then he would take me out for a celebratory drink. Then he remembered that he had a bottle of vintage champagne at his apartment that he had been waiting for the right time to open. He thought that this was the right time. 

I had a feeling that more than a champagne cork would be popped.