 The year was 1979 I was visiting an x-rated bookstore in New Haven, CT that was in an area frequented by gay men that had private movie booths in the back, I had found out about this store a few weeks earlier. It had been a long while since I had hooked up with another guy and had been using the movies as my release as I was in a straight relationship at the time.

I would always go in with my roll of quarters and go to the back and view some hot gay movies, however this time I went to the magazine rack and checked out the gay area. While I was looking at one of them a older man in his 40's I would say (I was 21 at the time) approached me, looked at the cover of the magazine I had and said nice hard cock. I thought he was talking about the magazine when I looked at his face and saw him looking at the bulge in my pants that had formed from looking at the pictures on the cover. I looked down at the bulge and thanked him as I laughed although I was red faced with embarrassment. He held out his hand as he introduced himself as Jack, I shook his hand and told him my name was Bob.

Jack told me he had seen me here a few times as I was heading into the back hall going into the booths and asked me if I was new to the area. I told Jack that I wasn't from here and lived about 20 minutes away. Jack and I talked for what seemed like forever when I looked up and saw the store was going to be closing in about an hour when I told him I needed to go in the back and check out the movies. 

I went in the back and found a movie that had a much older man with a young blonde guy. I opened the door to go in and heard Jack say the movie looked good, I told him he could see this one and I would find another but he suggested we both check it out since we would only have to pay once it would be cheaper. I thought for a second and nodded yes, we both squeezed into the tiny booth and put our money in and started watching the movie.

We were each rubbing our own cocks through our pants when Jack unzipped his pants and pulled out a short cock (about 5 inches) that seemed about 5 inches in girth. Jack was stroking his cock when he said pull yours out its ok. I pulled my cock out with some reluctance since I have always been somewhat small around 4 1/2 inches long and 3 1/4 inches in girth. We were both stroking our own cocks when Jack arched his back and shot a load of cum across the booth some dripping on my sneakers. I was still stroking my own cock when Jack reached over and grabbed my hand with his left hand lifting it off as he used his right hand to slowly jerk me off. After a couple of minutes I shot my load all over the booth getting some on his pants, we both looked at each other and held back our laughter.

Jack wiped my cum off his pants and licked it telling me it tasted sweet, I laughed as we both zipped up and left the booth. Jack walked me out and asked if I would like to get a drink, being Friday night and no having to work the next day I agreed. We went to a bar a couple of blocks away, it was then that I found out there was a gay bar in the area. I was surprised I didn't know there was one and was kind of concerned someone I know might see me; Jack must have seen my surprise because he suggested we head to another bar. I told Jack it might be better and we left for a loud bar playing some old time rock and roll.

We had quite a few drinks when it was announced it was last call, Jack asked if I would like to go to his place which was about 10 minutes from the bar, I agreed and we left. I followed Jack in my car to an area of really nice expensive homes; I parked my car in his driveway and went into his home with him.

I sat on the couch and Jack poured me a drink then went to his room returning a short time later in just a bathrobe. Pouring himself a drink he sat on the couch next to me his robe slit open showing his hard fat cock. Jack asked if I would like to get comfortable too, I nodded and he got a bathrobe from his room and brought it back.

I got undressed and put on the robe sitting back on the couch next to Jack. I don't know what gave me the courage but after a few minutes I reached under jack's robe and started stroking his cock. Jack let out a soft moan and leaned back as I slowly pulled his foreskin up and down. I then lower my mouth to his cock taking the whole thing inside it, I looked up and saw jack wince with excitement. I slowly bobbed my head up and down the shaft of his cock until I felt it start to throb, I could feel he was ready to cum; I took his whole cock as deep into my mouth as possible just as he started to cum, shooting loads of his hot cum straight down my throat. After his last spurt of cum I licked all around the rim making sure to clean every drop of cum. As I sat up I could see I must have pleased him well since he had the largest grin on his face, he then looked at me and said you must have done this before, I replied yes with my own large grin.

Jack finished his drink and lowered his mouth to my cock to reciprocate; he ran his teeth down my shaft then swallowed the whole thing. While he was going down on my cock he reach for my ass with one hand and slowly pushed two fingers inside, I moaned as he pushed even harder. After several minutes I came in his mouth like he had in mine he also not wasting an cum ingesting it all.

We both had another drink and he asked me if I wanted to spend the night, I must have been nuts but I agreed, he took my hand and led me to his bedroom where we both passed out getting the sleep we needed to continue in the morning..................