 It was the next morning; I awoke with a slight hangover and Jack sleeping with his arm on my chest. I tried to move to go to the bathroom and woke Jack when I tried to move his arm. Jack arose and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek. I went to the bathroom and Jack yelled there were extra toothbrushes in the drawer, so I took one out after I had pissed, found some toothpaste and brushed my teeth.

While I was brushing my teeth Jack came in to relieve himself, I was looking at his cock pissing when Jack said I'll let you have it when I am done. Jack reached in the medicine cabinet took out his toothbrush and handed me some mouthwash while he started brushing his own teeth. Jack and I took a shower together after that and we then went to the kitchen where Jack cooked me breakfast.

After we ate Jack said he had a couple of errands to run telling me he didn't want me to leave and I could either stay or go with him. I decided to go with him, so after getting dressed we left. He took me to the grocery store and post office. After the post office he asked if I would like some lunch and I accepted.

We drove to a small place and was greeted by a slender black man who I thought was gay since he was much more feminine than masculine. He directed us to a table in the back handed us our menus and asked Jack how he was. Jack called him James telling him everything was alright and asked James if he was free to stop by his place after getting out of work, James agreed.

While we were eating I asked Jack about James, Jack replied he was a very good friend that had gone through a tough breakup. After finishing our lunch we went back to jack's place and unloaded the groceries. I was putting away some can good's in the cabinet when Jack kissed the back of my neck. Putting his arms around my waist I could feel the bulge of his cock against my ass through my jeans. Would you like to fuck my ass he asked as he reached around to grab my hardening cock, I nodded my head and said yes, he took my hand and we went to his room.

Jack stood at the foot of his bed and slowly took his clothes off much as a stripper would do; when he was naked he slowly took off my shirt pulling it over my head. As I was shirtless he put his lips to mine and using his tongue separated my lips and slid his tongue into my mouth. While we were kissing, he was dry humping my jeans with his naked cock.

After what seemed like several minutes of kissing and dry humping Jack unbuckled my belt, unzipped my jeans then took them off as he did my hard cock sprung to attention through my underwear. Jack reached for my cock and slowly started stroking it through my underwear, then slowly slid them off. After my cock was free he dropped to his knees taking my cock into his mouth, I was almost ready to cum when he took it out of his mouth telling me this isn't where he wanted my cum.

Jack walked to a chair in his bedroom and got in face first kneeling with his ass facing out and up in the air like a horny dog waiting to get fucked. I walked over to Jack knowing what he wanted and slowly rubbed the head of my cock against his dark glory hole. I then dropped to my knees and drove my tongue into his musty hole, Jack moaned with excitement as I flicked it in and out of his ass. After he was nice and wet I stood up and pressed the head of my cock against his tight hole only this time I pushed it inside of him fucking his hot ass. After a few minutes of fucking Jack said pull out and when I did he spun around on the chair so he was on his back with his legs and ass in the air, I drove my cock back into his ass, while I was fucking him he was using one hand to massage my balls and his other to jerk himself off. I was just about ready to cum when Jack wrapped his legs around me and tightened his ass muscles so tight I could feel the grip of it surrounding my cock. The grip was so tight my cock just started exploding sending spurts of cum deep into his asshole. Just then Jack's own cock shot steams of cum all over his belly and face, after I finished I removed my cock from his ass and started licking his cum off of him both of us collapsing after I was done. We both went to lie down for a while and I guess we both fell asleep.

It must have been around 6:30 or 7:00 when his doorbell rang, jack jump up and looked at the clock and said it must be James. We both got out of bed dressed and went to get the door, Jack letting James in. I guess we must have looked like we just got out of bed since James said he was sorry to interrupt us, Jack told him we were just napping. James asked Jack if he wanted to go the Rooster, Jack looked at me and told me the Rooster was a gay club actually called the Neutered Rooster in New Haven. Jack told James that I told him the night before I didn't want to go to a gay bar, James looked a bit down and I don't know why but I said yes I would go. It was then that I realized I didn't have any clothes with me except for the ones I wore the night before and they weren't laundered or appropriate for clubbing, I mentioned this and Jack said no problem let's go get you something.

We drove to a nice shop downtown and Jack bought me a nice pair of pants, shirt underwear and socks, I left them on and we went to the club. Once I walked into the club it seemed like an ok place not gay at all, until a short time later they made an announcement to the straight people it was time to leave so the gays could get it on. A lot of the people that were there paid their checks and left. Lots of people started coming into the place and there were women arm in arm and guys in leather grabbing other guys.

Jack, James and I got a table in the back ordered some drinks and started watching all the action that was taking place, Guys were almost fucking guys right on the dance floor and women were kissing as they danced. Jack mentioned this was a typical gay Saturday night and laughed, just then some guy in leather came over to Jack and asked his to dance, Jack nodded and they left. 

James and I talked as we drank, I learned his boyfriend broke up with him a couple of months before and he was just playing the field for a while. I told him about my earlier experiences and about how I met Jack last night in the bookstore. James finally asked me if I wanted to dance and I agreed, there was I believe Leonard Skinner song playing when we first got up but it was just ending and some slow song came on, James put his arms around me and drew me close to him and we started swaying to the music. About halfway through the song I could feel his cock swelling against my thigh, it was the biggest thing I have ever felt, I wasn't thinking and just smiled and asked him if he was glad to see me. Realizing what I meant he put his head on my shoulder and whispered if you only knew then laughed.

Just as we were still dancing Jack came over and tapped James shoulder to cut in, James put my hand in Jacks and went back to the table. So did you two have a good time Jack asked? I told him I had learned some about James and he seemed like a nice guy, very nice Jack said with a grin on his face. After the song was over and we were getting ready to go back to the table a guy in leather chaps and vest asked me to dance I was going to say no but Jack said go ahead live so we danced for a while and then I went back to the table.

After a couple of more drinks Jack asked if I was ready to go back home I agreed and the three of us left. Jack opened the door to his house and the three of us went in and Jack made some drinks, we all sat in the living room Jack and I on the couch and James on the loveseat. After a few drinks Jack started rubbing my shoulders then kissing my neck, James said maybe you to should get a room. Jack looked up and said maybe your right then stood up taking my hand to head for the bedroom, I asked what about James, Jack said he could watch. I looked at James and he smiled when Jack said that. James is that alright Jack asked to which James replied it would be just fine.

Jack took me to his bed and we undressed, I could see James standing in the doorway, Jack pushed me on the bed and started kissing me while running his hands up and down my cock. I opened my eyes to see James now naked moving to the chair that I had fuck Jack on earlier in the day I could see his hard black cock (I had been with a black guy and was intrigued at the dark color of the stretched foreskin), it was huge I later learned it was just over 9 ¾ inches long and about 6 inches in girth, James was slowly stroking his cock while Jack was stroking mine on the bed. Jack then went down on my cock and I could see James cock twitch with excitement as he watched, just then jack must have seen me looking since he asked me if I wanted James to join in the fun, I nodded while still staring at James huge cock.

James walked to the bed and while Jack was sucking my cock knelt on the bed next to us and put my hand on his cock. I couldn't believe it but I could barely get my hand around it, I started pumping my fist up and down the shaft slowly James moaning with delight. After a minute or two James shifted his cock towards my mouth and I slowly took it in I tried to take the head into my throat but it was so wide I kept gagging, James told me to breathe through my nose and relax, after a few more tries I finally relaxed and got it down. I could feel his cock against my tonsils as I slowly took his cock deeper and deeper inside my mouth. James was moaning and I could feel his cock twitching inside my throat. Jack was pumping away at my cock as I let James cock assault my throat, finally I could feel the twitching of James cock starting to get violent as I readied myself for his load, James back arched and his cock tightened as his load started to shoot in my mouth straight down my throat, I got so excited I started to cum while Jack was jerking me off shooting my load all over my belly, James load was so big it was like trying to down a gallon of milk without coming up for air. I was able to contain most of James cum in my mouth with just a little coming out the sides. After James was done he leaned over and kissed my face taking away any of the cum that spilt out in his own mouth then he went to my stomach and cleaned up the cum I shot on it not missing a spot then swallowing it with a smile on his face. We all just crashed on the bed.

After what must have been an hour I awoke seeing James eyeing my cock, Jack was still asleep, James whispered you give great head and thanked me for what I did. I whispered back that I had never had a black man before and I thought his cock was great, and then I looked down at my own little cock and said something about being inadequate in comparison. James took my hand and said let's talk and took me to the living room, we both sat naked on the couch and James told me it's not how big but how well you use it that counts. James reached over and slowly started stroking my soft cock which started to grow the second his hand touched it, he then reached for my hand and put it on his soft cock which soft was still bigger than mine erect. 

When my cock was fully erect James went down on me, again I had never been with a black man and had only had white guys mouths on my cock before and this believe me was different you see James had what most consider the typical black man's lips and take my word for it it's a feeling everyone should try at least once. My cock was jumping with the excitement of his lips around my shaft when he reached my ass and pushed one of his long slender fingers inside me using the thumb of that same hand to massage my balls as he sucked my cock. I pushed my ass harder against his hand trying to drive his finger deeper into my ass, he must have felt it since he pushed harder each time he drove his finger into me. I was imagining him fucking my ass with his huge cock as he sucked mine I could feel my body start to tighten and I started shaking as I shot my load into his mouth, James made sure he got every drop as he lay his head on my belly.

I don't know what gave me the courage but I looked at James and asked him to fuck my ass, James lifted his head so quickly I could tell before he said yes he wanted to. James stood up and had me kneel on the couch with my ass in the air, he then slowly started to swirl his tongue around the rim of my ass spitting inside to lubricate my hole. After he got me very wet with his spit he got up and slowly rubbed his cock against my ass then taking the huge mushroom shaped head of his cock and slowly pushed it in only about an inch or so, I could feel my ass spreading open further that it had ever been before. James must have known that I had never had anything close to his size in me before and took it very slow. After a short time of having him slide only an inch in and out of me he pushed a little harder going in about an inch more, my ass felt like it was not going to be able to open spread far enough to take him but after a short period of intense but pleasurable pain it let up and I could feel my cock jumping with delight. Again when the pain lessened he pushed in another inch or 2 and I felt the same great pain that I was enjoying so. Leaving his cock inside me until the pain went away James seemed ready to push another inch in me when I felt the desire to feel his whole cock in my ass, as he started to slowly push it in I pushed my ass hard against his cock forcing a little more in. He must have known that I wanted it all and he pushed hard forcing my ass to open so wide and take in the remaining 4 or 5 inches of his cock that remained outside my ass. I could not believe the pain, it was as much as I have ever felt but I was enjoying it.

James stood with his cock in my ass and waited until he knew the pain had lessened then slowly started pumping his cock in and out of my ass. James was moving his cock inside of me with a rhythm that seemed to relax my ass more and more. James was able to drive his cock faster and harder now that my ass was relaxed and after a short time I could feel his cock even stiffen more he shot his load into my ass, god he seemed to cum forever, when he was finished we heard Jack clapping saying nice show with his naked cock standing straight in the air. We asked jack how long he had been there and he told us since James started licking my ass but he didn't want to disturb the show. It was then that Jack winked at James saying I knew he would at least try to take that monster of yours up the ass. It was then that jack put his arms around me and said Bob I think the three of us are in for some good times...