 It was the next day after coming home from my weekend with Jack & James and I was getting ready to do my laundry, I was cleaning out the pockets of the new pants Jack had bought for me and found the piece of paper that James had slipped into my pocket, I opened it up and it was James phone number with a message to call him to get to get together.

I put my clothes in the washer and went upstairs and decided to give him a call. James answered and sounded very happy when I told him who I was, we talked for a while, just small talk, when James asked if I would like to get together with just him on a real date he said with a chuckle. I told him I was invited to Jack's for his get together and James replied he would be there also and asked me what I was doing this week or weekend. I thought for a second and remembered I really did have a good time with him, I told him I was free Wednesday night if he wanted to grab some dinner or drinks. James suggested a place just outside of New Haven and we agreed to meet at 6:00.

Wednesday was finally here and I got dressed and left to meet James, when I arrived at the restaurant James was waiting in the bar. I went to the bar to meet him and ordered a drink, just as I got my drink we were called for our table. We sat down and ordered our dinner talking about many things James telling me all about his breakup and me telling him of my first time with my best friend Brian and our encounters at his college.

After dinner James asked if I would like some drinks, I told him no since I had to drive home later and didn't want to get a buzz and have to drive. James suggested we go for a drive, I locked my car and we went over to James car which was a very nice older Porsche. James drove out to route one and took me up the shoreline to a nice little beach, the weather was nice and the sun had gone just gone down, James took a large beach towel with him as we got out and went for a walk. James took me to a little cove area that was secluded from sight and we watched the waves on the water.

James put the blanket down and we sat down, James put his arm around my waist pulling me to his lips as he slowly started kissing me, my lips separated allowing his tongue to caress the inside of my mouth our tongues dancing together as we kissed a kiss that seemed to last forever. When we broke from our kiss we noticed it was pretty dark out by then and laughed about it. James hand reached for my face and we again locked in another passionate kiss, this time James slowly pushing me towards the blanket with him on top still locked in our kiss.

Still locked in our embrace James slowly reached for my zipper undoing it then slowly slid my pants down as I arched my body to help him get them removed. I was wearing no underwear and once my pants cleared my crotch my hard cock sprang out. James stood up and removed his clothes as I took off my shirt. James slowly turned my shoulders as if to roll me over, knowing what he wanted I gladly spun over and stuck my ass in the air.

Standing over me James lowered his face to my ass spitting in it to help lube it up, after several minutes of licking my ass with his tongue and spitting more saliva to lube my ass James stood up and slowly slid his cock into my soaking wet ass. He pushed in just a little at a time until his massive cock was fully inside my ass. James fucked my ass for what seemed like hours, although I know it was more like 15 minutes, when his cock seemed to expand beyond belief the jerked as he shot his load filling my as with what felt like a gallon of sperm. James collapsed straddled over my ass panting and gasping for breath telling me my ass was a great fuck, we both laughed as he rolled over on his back laying on the blanket.

James still gasping for air I spun around and put my cock to his mouth which he gladly opened to allow it in. James must have gotten a quick second wind as he let go of my cock pushed me down on my back and the lowering his mouth back to my cock, James sucked my cock until I exploded my load which he gladly swallowed continuing to suck me until every last drop was his.

Looking at my watch I noticed it was 10:00 and I needed to get going, we both got dressed and walked back to his car, on the way back we saw a young guy and his girlfriend naked getting laid and we both held back our laughter. James drove me back to the restaurant and on the way there asked me since I was going to Jack's get together if I would like to go as his date. I told him Jack had asked me to go although not as his date and did not want to get him upset. James told me that Jack wouldn't be upset and his get togethers are just pretty much fuck parties. He then explained if I was his date the other would respect that and not hit on me, if I decided I wanted to get together with one of the other guys he would understand. I told him I would be honored to be his date, we both chuckled and then told him if I was his date I wouldn't get with anyone else unless he was in the mix.

James leaned over and gave me a kiss goodnight, I got in my car and started the drive home thinking what a great night I had with him and hoping that the week and a half until the party would hurry..........