 Hey everyone!

I know it's been a long time, but I haven't stopped writing, I swear, I just took a break.

This is a new story I wrote as a continuation of 'Earning Danny,' and it's called 'A New Dream' (see what I did there? ;) ) but that doesn't mean I gave up on Steven's story either, I just thought since I have ideas for both of them, I might as well post them simultaneously, maybe post a chapter of 'What Now,' then one of 'A New Dream,' and so on and so forth, especially since they happen during the same time-frame.

You get the picture.

Anyways, let me know if you like it, or maybe you'd rather I focus on one story and finish it before posting another. Either way, tell me what you think!

*****

Danny's POV

I woke up to a very annoying sound. It was a loud, very loud, and insistent sound.

I groaned, too tired to move, and I felt something behind me shift. Suddenly, I opened my eyes and found myself in a strange bed. I was startled for half a second, but then I looked down and recognized the bedding pattern. I was in Jake´s bed. The loud noise was his alarm going off, telling him to get ready for school. It was Friday, November 1st, and we'd just spent the night together for the first time ever after he'd taken my virginity.

Jake raised himself over me and reached his hand out to slap his alarm off. Then he laid his arm over my waist and squeezed me tight. "Hey, baby," he whispered in my ear before laying a sweet kiss there. His whole body pressed against my back, and since we were both naked, I could feel his meaty semi nestled between my butt cheeks. I was instantly hard. "Good morning."

"Good morning," I responded, turning in his arms. As soon as I saw him, I had to resist the urge to moan. I'd always known Jake, my former best friend and now boyfriend, was sexy. He was hands down the sexiest man I'd ever seen in my life, all rugged and manly with his strong features, him stubble, and his drool-worthy body, but if I'd thought that was sexy, it was because I'd never seen his like he was now. His black hair was disheveled, his eyes half closed and groggy with sleep, and he was giving me his most beautiful and sexy smile. I bit my lip.

He grabbed me by the back of the neck and pulled me into a long and deep good morning kiss. When we pulled back, we were both smiling like idiots.

"How're you feeling angel?" he asked, cupping my face with his big hand. Everything about him was big.

"Angel?" I asked, smiling. "That's a new one." He'd previously asked me how I wanted him to call me, and we'd settled on 'baby.'

"Yeah," he said, "I found it fitting. You look so beautiful right now, all pretty and perfect, and the light from the window behind you is making your hair glow, like a halo. You look like the most beautiful angel." I couldn't help but smile again, and I kissed him, hard.

"I love you," I said, staring deep into his bright green eyes.

He bit his lip, and I got even harder. "I love you too baby." We kissed again, and I laid my head on his broad, hairy chest. It was hard as a rock, as was the rest of his body. I put my arms around his waist, and he embraced me with one arm while he caressed my hair with the other.

After about a minute of us just lying there in each other's arms, I saw him glance at his clock and then back at me.

"Baby, we've gotta get ready for school. You wanna shower here or you want me to take you home?"

"I wanna shower here, with you," I said, looking into his eyes.

"Alright," he said, kissing me on the forehead and starting to sit up.

"Wait," I said, pushing him down with a hand on his chest. I glanced at the clock. "We have almost an hour before school starts. We have time." I reached my hand down and took a hold of his dick, finding it completely hard and giving it a slight tug. Jake's eyes darkened and he bit his lip.

"Fuck, baby, are you sure? God knows I wanna do it again, but we did it twice last night, aren't you sore? I don't wanna hurt you."

"What I am is horny," I said, kissing his neck, "and I need this inside of me." I gave his dick another pull, just for good measure. "I want you, babe. Please make love to me again."

Jake pushed me back and looked me in the eyes for a few seconds. His dick was throbbing in my hand, and he was breathing hard.

"Baby, you have no idea what your words do to me." I started to laugh, but his lips attacked me, and in less than half a second he had me on my back, laying most of his weight on top of me with my legs on either side of him.

"Mmmmm, mhhhhm," I moaned with his tongue in my mouth. Damn, my boyfriend was a good kisser!

Suddenly he broke the kiss with a pop, pushed my thighs into my stomach and dove face - or tongue - first into my hole. I was already moist and open from his earlier loving, since he'd thoroughly fucked me twice the night before, but I wasn't complaining, cause he was just as good at rimming as he was kissing. He had me moaning and throwing my head back in pleasure as soon as he started.

Five minutes later, his handsome face resurfaced with a smile.

"It's such a huge compliment to hear you moaning like that, angel," he said, and all I could do was smile. He gave me a quick peck on the lips and got up onto his knees. He took hold of my new obsession - his penis - and he spit on it, making sure to leave it nice and glistening for insertion. He then guided it to my opening and let the big, pretty pink head rest on it. I pushed out with my muscles, knowing it would make it easier for us both, and he started pushing.

Once the head was in, I hugged him tight with my hole. I'd learned to do that to my own fingers over the years, and I'd always fantasized about doing it to a real life dick. Especially one I loved so much.

Jake started pushing more of his long shaft inside of me and laid his sexy body on me, watching my face for a response. We both smiled. "It's so fucking good," I panted, feeling every vein and his foreskin receding the more he pushed into my wet channel.

"I agree," he said and buried his face in my neck. Once he slid all the way in and I could feel his big balls against my ass, I squeezed again and grabbed a hold of his muscular back.

"Jesus, Danny" He panted, starting to move slowly. "No one's ever made me feel like this before."

"And no one ever will," I told him, grabbing him by the neck with both hands. "You're mine now. All mine."

He chuckled, picking up his pace. "I fucking love it when you get possessive." He kissed my neck and gave me a playful bite. "And, yes, I'm yours. All yours."

For the next ten minutes, he continued to fuck me into oblivion. He was so fucking good, knowing exactly how hard and fast, or slow and sweet to pound me without me ever saying a word.

All I did was moan.

"Jake," I whispered after a while, "you're making me insane." I was panting and writhing underneath him as his girth stretched me wide open. The sensations were incredible - the feel of his big solid body on top of me, the friction of his abs against my dick as he thrust into me, boring a path through my body for his huge cock, his hot breath on my skin, and his grunts of pleasure whispered into my ear.

He chuckled lightly, and I could feel it through his cock, my hole was so sensitive.

"Don't go insane baby," he whispered sexily. "Focus. Just focus on me." As he said this, he raised himself a little, and as he kept pounding me into the mattress, he put his handsome face right above mine, and he breathed on my lips. "Focus on me, Danny," he commanded, and like it'd started to do a few days ago, my body quickly complied to his voice.

I grabbed on to his solid back to stop myself from floating away, but otherwise stayed completely still, letting him do the thrusting for us, and I noticed surrendering to him like that, giving him complete power over me, had a calming effect on me, knowing I could just let go and trust he'd take care of us both. I relaxed, and I let my mind wander and just feel everything my amazing boyfriend was making me feel.

"That's it, baby," Jake whispered with a smile and gave me a sweet peck on the lips. "Relax. Just relax and enjoy it."

The first time Jake's penis thrust into my body last night, something broke inside of me - emotionally. For years I'd been building up a wall around myself that I thought I needed in order to protect myself from love. Ever since the one time in elementary school when I told a boy that I liked him for the first time and he pushed me into the ground and called me a fag, my mind figured I needed to be careful who I showed affection to, and ever since then, all of it had been focused towards my parents and my friends. He hadn't been extremely awful - never punched me or anything like that, but he refused to talk to me from then on, and when his friends made fun of me for what I'd done, calling me a fag, I tried to shrug it off, but secretly it hurt me deeply.

Even when I got my first boyfriend, Steven Price, I stayed emotionally unattached, since he wanted to keep us a secret, and I knew he meant heart ache for me, so I decided I wouldn't commit, and by that I mean physically, until he proved to me he was trustworthy, but he never did. He actually broke up with me because I wouldn't have sex with him.

When Jake first showed up into my life, though - the very moment that I saw him - I knew he was dangerous. He was dangerous for my heart, and he was dangerous for the walls I'd built for myself, so I'd always kept him at arm's length. I was worried trying anything else would ruin our friendship like it did when I was younger.

Jake was my best friend, but never anything else, until a week ago, when he confessed to me that he liked me - something we'd both known for a long time but had refused to acknowledge - and throwing caution to the wind, I decided to take the risk, because something in those eyes, those beautiful, bright green eyes, told me it was okay to let go. It was okay to give myself up to him, for I knew he'd keep me safe. I didn't need to protect my heart from him anymore, cause the safest place for it was in his hands.

He'd said after we finished making love the first time that I had fulfilled his dream of being with me, and his new dream was to marry me. He didn't propose, but he said one day he wanted us to get married and have a family. In my mind, I married us right then and there, and I decided he was mine. We didn't need a piece of paper to make it official. Not yet anyway. I would never let him go.

Now, as I lay in his bed at seven in the morning, having spent the night at his house after he took my virginity - after I gave him my virginity - Jake was inside of me for the third time, and he was making love to me with so much tenderness and leisure, taking his time gliding in and out of my now very relaxed and wet opening. He'd cum inside of me both previous times, and he'd fucked me so good and thoroughly that my hole was not holding up any resistance, it was just soft and open for him as he held me laid bare for him and his love.

I was looking into his eyes, and what I saw there - all the love and raw emotion - was just too much for me, and I didn't want to cry and make him think there was something wrong when everything was perfect, so I adverted my eyes, focusing on his body, his muscular and masculine body, undulating with his thrusts into mine.

His arms were so big and muscular, holding on to my thighs as he pushed them into my body, folding me in half. His shoulders were nice and round, and his neck thick and straining with the effort of his movements. His chest - his oh, so wonderful chest - was heaving, and his muscles, wide and perfectly furry, were covered in a light sheen of sweat. His abs, the envy of many, were contracting and relaxing as he moved, and he had the V on the sides of his navel, the one every guy wants to have.

My eyes drifted lower, and right after his pubes started, I could see both of us. Our union. His dick was so thick my pink hairless hole was stretched really wide to accommodate it, and I could see every time he pushed in, some of his cum would dribble out, since I was filled to capacity, and when he pulled back, his long, thick shaft was covered with the pearly-white, sticky substance.

I leaned my head to the side with a moan and looked out the window. The sun was streaming in through the drapes, giving the room a soft white glow. It was perfect, 'cause that soft glow reflected how I was feeling inside. I felt like I was in heaven, and Jake was my guardian angel.

Then he put his hand on the back of my neck and turned my face towards him.

"Baby, are you okay?" he asked me with a worried look on his face. "You spaced out on me."

I smiled. "I'm perfect." He looked relieved. "This is perfect. This is how I wanna wake up every morning. I love you."

"I want that too, baby," he said with that beautiful blinding smile of his. "More than anything." With that, he claimed my mouth in a passionate kiss, and as he thrust his tongue inside, I wrapped myself around him and pressed our bodies together. Then he was cumming, and he came so much that it started spilling out of me as he kept on fucking me.

By the time he stopped, I could feel his cum dribbling out of my hole and into my lower back, where it started pooling on the sheets. That, I decided, was my favorite part of sex. Feeling him cumming inside me, filling me up, marking my body with his seed, and feeling that connection between us as he released all of his love for me into my body. I wanted to feel that forever. I wanted him to never stop cumming, to never stop thrusting, to never be anything but inside of me forever.

I was so into him I didn't even realized I'd painted both our stomachs with my own load.

"Don't stop," I begged him with a moan. I remembered hearing him say he loved it when I begged. "Please, babe, don't stop. Keep making love to me, please. Never stop."

Jake groaned and buried his face in my neck. "Fuck, Danny, you're so fucking sexy." He let out a tortured moan, and I could feel his penis going soft inside me. "I'm sorry, baby, I don't think I can get hard again."

I couldn't let this be over. We'd done it three times already, but it was too good, it was too addictive. I had to have more. "Yes you can," I firmly stated, and I pushed him off of me onto his back, making his dick pull out of me with a wet pop.

Once I had him on his back, I took his cum-covered penis in my hand, and before he could say anything, I took it all in my mouth, drawing a loud moan from him, and making him throw his head back in pleasure. Since he was only half hard, I could finally take him all the way in my mouth, and the sensations were even stronger for him than usual, since he was sensitive from having just cum.

"Oh, god, Danny!" he moaned as I felt him hardening in my mouth. "What are you doing to me? Now you're making me go insane!"

I chuckled, and the vibrations seemed to please him, for his abs started clenching, and he thrashed his head from side to side while he moaned incoherently. In that moment, I felt so powerful, knowing I could turn this hunk of a man into a whimpering bulk of muscle.

It seemed so odd, but at the same time so natural, how power seemed to flow from one to the other between us. One moment he had me writhing underneath him, impaled on his cock, and now, here he was, at my total mercy with his dick down my throat. It made me feel important to know that he was willing to completely hand over control to me, which I didn't need to ask him to know he never did with anyone but me. 

And his dick was indeed down my throat, since it was so long, and thick. I didn't even realize when it happened, but at some point he'd gotten completely hard, and since it had slowly grown and thickened in my mouth, it made its own way in, rather than me trying to jam it in there like I'd done before.

If asked, I'd never admit it cause it'd be too embarrassing, but ever since that first time I unsuccessfully tried deep-throating him, I'd looked it up online, and I'd learned a few things. Now it was time to put them into practice.

I took a deep breath and focused on breathing through my nose. I stayed there for a minute, getting used to it, and when I felt ready, I took another deep breath and pushed my face down as far as it would go, until my lips made contact with the soft hairs on his groin.

I then pursed my lips hard on the root of his dick and made my throat move as if I was swallowing a big gulp of water. I'd read online the purpose was to make it feel like a wet, warm massage.

"Oh, shit, Danny!" Jake whispered when I did that. All his muscles, especially his sexy abs, contracted at the same time and I knew he was trying his hardest not to move so he wouldn't choke me.

Even if he did move, though, I was determined not to choke or gag. I had to be the best he'd ever had. As long as he was with me, he'd never want anyone else.

I pulled my head up, making sure to purse my lips and suck hard, and I felt Jake's legs quiver slightly. When I got all the way up to the head, I turned my head from side to side, as if making out with it, and licked all over it with my tongue. Then I pulled all the way off and gave him what I hoped was a sexy smile. He responded by cupping my face with one hand and letting out a tortured moan, so I went back down before my throat closed up again and took him all the way down, making his eyes roll to the back of his head with his mouth hanging open.

For the next five minutes, I proceeded to give him the best blowjob I possibly could, taking him down to his pubes a few times, then pulling back up and focusing on the head for a little bit before quickly bobbing up and down and massaging the shaft with both my mouth and left hand. My right hand was busy, you see, jerking my dick like crazy. I had no idea how amazing sucking him would be for me, and I was taken aback by how much I loved it. I was drooling like crazy, his dick tasted so good, and the loud slurping sounds I was making were bringing both of us closer to the edge.

I suddenly pulled off completely when I felt I was about to cum, making Jake's eyes and mouth pop open. "What's wrong, baby?" He asked, putting a hand softly on the top of my head.

I smiled. I still hand his dick in my hand. "Nothing," I said. "Just got too close. I want to look at it for a little bit. It's so pretty, Jake." He smiled. And it was. It was long (9 inches), thick, and once I pulled back his meaty foreskin I say his round, bulbous pink head. What made it look even better, though, was how shiny and glistening it was with my saliva. I jerked it softly up and down a few times, and I couldn't resist anymore, I had to have it in my mouth again.

Jake's hand never left my head, and he was tenderly running it through my hair. "Oh, baby..." he moaned, "oh god, Danny... oh, uh...my sweet, sweet angel... oh my god! I'm gonna cum, Danny... I'm so close..." His face contorted in bliss, and I felt his dick expanding in my mouth.

I was ready for his load. I wanted in my mouth, on my face, all over me, in my ass, but I decided it'd feel better for him if I swallowed it, so I redoubled my efforts, both sucking him and jerking myself off.

His hand in my hair stilled, he fisted the sheets with his other one, and he let out a loud groan as he flooded my mouth with cum. He kept shooting and shooting, filling me with his sweet cum. It was so delicious, just like the rest of him, and I swallowed over and over, not spilling a single drop.

Once he was done shooting, Jake's body slumped down into the bed, and I continued to thoroughly clean his gorgeous dick of any trace of cum, getting a good taste before I swallowed.

He kept massaging my shoulders with both hands as I worked, and once I let out a satisfied moan and smiled up at him, he grabbed me under my arms and quickly pulled me on top of him, grabbing hold of my ass with both hands and thrusting his tongue into my mouth.
