 I feel completely attached to Tim now. Mike his twin brother continue to share me and it feels so wonderful. Tim is disabled after a serious car crash and being almost identical brothers, Mike was caring enough to worry about Tim's sexual needs. And that is where I came in. We are all bisexual and can enjoy the best of both worlds. And yet, having said that and since meeting Tim - I find I am more than gratified without the need of girly comfort.

It is wonderful, especially now the three if us are getting into the swing of sharing each other physically and emotionally.. The things we do and appreciate of each other. Each brothers' fuck being so wonderful with that subtle difference, the way they like to suck me off and feel my cock, each with that special feeling I adore, just a little different but the same, if that makes sense.

And their fuck's too. Beautiful. so alike - but tasting that subtle difference, especially when I stretch and lick back which I so enjoy, I love to see it jerk when I tease the p-hole with the point of my tongue, and the way the guys respond just the same, or should I say their cocks do.

With Mick, when he sucks me off, he likes to take it right down into his throat but Tim, well he likes to sort of 'sip' it - like he is sampling a good wine. And as much as I like to see Mick almost eat me I really enjoy Tim's quality approach. I like for it to be sampled like an expensive wine, I want as much to be quality cock for him as I am ass.

And the balling is slightly different too. Mick, he likes to suck and ball me with fingers encircling my balls from the root whilst he applies one finger into my asshole. That creates a simply wonderful and sensual experience.

But with Tim, he likes to squeeze as he balls me, as he licks and sucks me simultaneously and that is good too.

I am so very lucky to have the both great guys enjoying me.

I guess I have fallen head over heels for both of them and would seriously like to have a threesome but I wonder if that would work.

We are doing just fine now thank you so why take risks?, risks that may just spoil it all

Besides I think maybe -.because Tim and I - because of his obvious limitations, have worked out variable methods we are able to enjoy each other

I can be as much everything for each brother and I am having the most wonderful time of my life serving them to my best.

But yesterday, Tim said he has something special to tell me, and he hoped I wouldn't mind but he fucked his female nurse.

I knew all about how Teresa, that is her name, was caring and considerate enough to do the honours for him physically up to the point of intercourse -because being married, she considered that was going too far. But she happily had joyful oral of him and let him do things like sniff under her skirt as she masturbated him. She even left him her soiled undies so he could put them under his pillow and feel some comfort when he awoke with a demanding erection.

"Good for you" I replied. "In my book that is what it is all about, was it nice or is that a silly question?"

"Silly question" he replied with a wry smile.

"So if this means you would rather not - you know - with me I understand Tim"

He stretched his arm and squeezed me there over my jeans.

"What do you think Alex!? However could I manage without you. The girly sex was nice, she gave it her all. I love to rummage under her skirt and she likes that too, you should see the way she moves that ass when she is hot!"

"But what about her husband?" I asked as I stripped down realising his need.

Cupping my balls and sniffing me up he said that they reached a point of no return that's all.

"I know she really enjoys me that way, she even said her hubby gives her no real impetus any more. When she manoeuvred herself, like you do ,and pressed her quinny into my face I was away, sniffing and tasting her through those wonderful divine sheer red laced panties. It was the taste of quinny sweeter than the earthiness of cock - she became like an animal, she lurched herself back and found a way over the top of me to allow me entry as she swivelled her panties aside, and there it was, all pink and wet awaiting my urgent presence. It was a delightful fuck and although she said she felt a little guilty afterwards she was happy for me."

"Do you think you will be getting a fresh nurse now, I mean with her feeling guilty she may consider that the best thing in the circumstances, having done it once she may feel impelled to do it again so the best thing to do, if she wanted to continue being faithful to her husband, is not to attend you any more, but arrange to have another nurse attend you instead.?"

"Gosh! You do go on Alex, I take it as it comes.You could be right I guess. But being awfully selfish I do like and enjoy her, as much as I do you of course. How does this feel?" he asked changing the subject.

He began to stretch back my foreskin as I stood beside his chair.

"It feels divine" I replied. I closed my eyes, lurched my cock forward for his pleasure.

"Open just a little Alex, so I can get between."

His fingers slipped delicately between and I felt him do something that was unique with Tim, he used his small finger to gently tease along the part between my balls and anal region, it was so delightful and sent me into a frenzy as I prompted him to stick his fingers inside.

"Turn around then" he urged having sucked my cock and when I did, I knew what he wanted. Stripping both my jeans and my shorts right off I manoeuvred myself so I was easily in range and bent over so he could enjoy my perked up ass to his heart's content (and mine.)

In between lots of nudging and teasing, lots more stretching my cock from behind, this way and that way, rolling my balls -he pressed his tongue up my hole and whispered that he hoped what he was doing would prove that he still wanted and needed me.

"A girl fuck is nice, I love to make her tingle as much as she does me, it is nice and supple up there inside her, it is different that's all as it is with you, your fuck is tighter and I want it to last, but with her it was all over in a matter of seconds - she was so up for it I could see that, when I sucked her, her juices were literally gushing out but that resulting fuck was really something."

"Now you are making me more lusty"

"Well Alex, we had better get into position number four huh?"

We had got all the positions best for us and his disability numbered and by slithering down over him, my legs and thigh's stretched either side - it made for a wonderfully delightful deep penetration which he could hold there for just as along as he desired.

It was nice to touch, sniff and hold but it was even nicer lodged uptight inside.

Feeling it inside me was a dream, By gently swaying I could feel it moving inside and his moans said that he loved that.

"I love your fuck Alex. You have a delicious ass to behold. I want forever the smell of you, the taste of you and the fuck of you."

"In that order?" I asked grinning and then I felt his cock seem to grow inside me. I was well stretched by this time and could feel the pulse of his beat. We continued to hold it there and it was extra nice to hear his special language of deep fucking. It was all about my being so good for him, how he had so much planned for us to do, he wanted me tied and handcuffed to the bed rail in a way that he could arrange himself to take me, to slap and bollock me. 

He had me sitting on him so it was easy for him to get a really extreme climax, his cock deeply inserted beneath and his balls hanging proud, just above so were mine too, he could really enjoy that, to cup and ball both of us as he continued to hold his fuck inside.

When I felt him grasp my cock and begin to roughly wank it, I knew he was ready for the climax.

We both gradually built a comprising rhythm which made for a sort of fuck I had never experienced before, and we reached beautifully a fantastic climax And hearing his throat noises and his language as he spurted his warm cream into me it was perfect.

I eventually got off him and went to go to the loo.

He said not to go, that he wanted more.

I laughed, I knew he was teasing, I said that my' vessel was for other body functions too and I needed to go.

"Well when you come back then" he insisted. "Maybe I would cherish that."

This guy was one lusty fella. Not like the beginning when he first had me. All inhibitions had gone now.

I did my number two and returned.

"Hope you wiped it well" he laughed

I couldn't believe what he asked of me then. He wanted me to help him onto his bed, plant myself over him facing down, the purpose of that so we could orally enjoy each other.

I know it was one of his delights to suck me after intercourse but this was different, normally I would have thought this to be a bit vile. I can't explain why but with dear Tim, it just wasn't. If that is the way he wanted and enjoyed me then so be it. 

Life is a learning curve after all and right now, being curved for him, his face pressed neatly between my thighs, he saying just how nicely plum red and succulent it looked after fucking, now he wanted to taste me after nature called.

He really scrummaged me and no mistake, he was licking and sucking me up like there was no tomorrow. I felt his cock grow in my mouth again and it was good. His fingers were stretching me apart as wide could be as he really went to it with his mouth and tongue gorging me.

It was so good being all ass for him.

"Mmm. The taste is different but it is you Alex. You mean the world to me."

By that time I had really spunked out. With one hand spanking me, his mouth working my asshole and his other hand stiff wanking me it was no surprise and then he wiped his spunked hand over his cock and balls and said we were one.

I felt the same. It was all a wonderfully great experience and somehow, the fact that he had now fucked his nurse was all the more stimulating.

The fact that his cock, the one I had felt inside, the one I had sucked and fucked, had also fucked quinny was a real turn on.

It would be interesting to see if the same nurse carried on seeing him, and would he fuck her more?

To be continued...