 This is a true story, the first time I was with a man.



My name is Will. I am about 5 feet 10 inches tall, blonde hair and green eyes, and 175lbs. When I was 18, I worked at a steak restaurant. After working an especially long day, I sat at a booth pondering how I would spend my Saturday night. My manager Steve came over and gave me a pat on the shoulder and thanked me for doing such a good job. He asked if I had any plans for that night and I told him no. He asked if I would like to get a bite to eat and maybe rent a movie and watch it over at his place. I said, "sure, I'd like that" and I smoked a cigarette and waited for him to finish counting the money and settling the books. Steve was about 40 and divorced. He is about 6 feet tall, muscular, brown hair and brown eyes. A half an hour later we climbed into our cars and headed to his house. We dropped off his car and he climbed into my car. On the way to the grocery store he asked if I have ever fucked a girl in the ass. I told him I never had. He said it is much better than fucking a pussy. I started to feel my cock stirring and I adjusted myself accordingly. He grinned at me and said, "Is your little friend getting excited?" I said "Little?"

"You are only 18, surely it can't be as big as a mans." Now, I wasn't quite sure how big everyone else's dick was but I had never had any complaints from a girl. Steve said "Then how big is it stud?" I said "Well, its about 6 inches long."

"How big around is it?"

"I can't get my hand all the way around it." Steve shook his head and said, "Bullshit. Nice try, but a 18 year olds dick can't be that big."

"Well it is and that's all there is to it."

We arrived at the grocery store and went in and got a couple frozen pizzas and he bought us some beer. I kept thinking about our conversations and I couldn't seem to get rid of my rock hard erection. When we got to the car, Steve said, "Have you ever fucked around with a guy?"

"When I was a kid one of my friends and I rubbed our dicks together a little bit, but our parents were upstairs and we didn't want to get caught." I was so incredibly horny I felt like I was going to explode. I had often fantasized about men. I had thought about being on my knees and a man pressing his cock in my face. I would rub my dick, lick a finger and put it against my little asshole. I would explode all over my chest and wipe it up with my hand and lick it up with my tongue. I savored the salty cum and pretended it was someone else's cum. I wondered if Steve had ever been with a man.

"Have you ever messed around with another guy?" Steve smiled and confidently said "Oh yea. It is wonderful." I could hardly keep my mind on the road, and decided to head out to the lake. This is a conversation that couldn't wait any longer. Steve lived with his sister and I didn't want to go to his house with her there. We listened to the radio and smoked cigarettes on the way out there. I loved to fish and knew the lake area very well. I went to the marina parking lot and parked in a dark corner. We sat there in silence for minutes. Steve boldly asked, "What would you think about a couple of guys getting together to suck each other off?" I couldn't believe my ears. I felt suddenly overwhelmed with guilt and Steve could see right through me. "It's okay you know. There is nothing wrong with the way you feel. It's perfectly normal. I said, "I have often thought about it but isn't it wrong? Won't I go to hell? It says in the bible that men shouldn't be together." Steve put a comforting hand on my shoulder and said, "No Will, it isn't wrong. Society made these unjust rules. Maybe someday people will not hate other people for feeling differently than the mainstream. People are scared of things that are different. Mostly, I think they are scared of their own feelings. You don't have to be afraid."

I started to relax again. I lit a cigarette and said, "Fuck it. What's the use in fighting how I feel." Steve's hand slid down my shoulder and caressed my cheek. "There's nothing wrong with you Will, but I still don't believe your dick is as big as you boast." I proudly smiled and said well your wrong." Steve said okay then prove it." I felt my dick start to wake up again and suddenly my pants felt way too tight. I unbuttoned my pants and pulled down my underwear and my hard dick sprang out of my pants. I looked at Steve and he just sat silently looking at my cock in the low gleam of the street light. He hoarsely said, "Can I touch it?" I could barely say yes, trying to compose myself. He reached out with his left hand and softly wrapped his hand around it. He played with the head and stroked it a few times. He gently cupped my balls with his right hand. He said, "You know the cops probably patrol out here and this would be frowned upon. Do you know anywhere else we could go?"

"As a matter of fact my friend's parents are building a house in the country about 45 minutes from here." He said, "Are you up for it?" All I could say is "Hell yea!" I replaced my dick in my pants and away we went.

I have to say that was the longest 45 minutes of my life. My dick stayed hard the whole time out there. Steve just shook his head and said, "I still can't believe your dick is that big. You may have me beat son." After maneuvering through some windy gravel roads, we arrived at the entrance to my friend's property. It is a heavily wooded area and if you didn't know what you were looking for you would drive right past it. I got out of the car and opened the gate. I drove through the gate and then got out and closed it. I had spent a lot of time out there clearing trees and leveling the ground to make this winding dirt driveway and I never imagined I would be out there doing this. I got back in the car and worked my way up the half-mile driveway and pulled into the clearing where the house and yard would be. I pulled up and turned off the car and the lights. We had the windows down, as this was a beautiful warm night. Steve took off his seat belt and I took off mine and he said, "So what do you want to do?" I was beginning to get comfortable with the idea. I said, "I'm up for anything." He just smiled and said, "There's not much you can do in a car but why don't you get your pants off and let me get a closer look at that beautiful dick of yours." There was a full moon and it was all so exciting. It was a wonderful feeling to expose myself to him. There I was, out in the open, and I had a new felt confidence.

Steve reached out and grabbed my dick and asked if he could go down on it. I just nodded and leaned my seat back. He descended on me and I felt the warmth of his mouth overcome me. I had been with a few girls at that time and I had never in my whole life had a blowjob come close to what this older man was doing to me. He licked all the way from my balls to the head and then the whole thing disappeared into his mouth. He took it all. I felt his mustache tickling my rod and was in ecstasy. I wanted to taste him. I wanted to please this man who was controlling me with his mouth.

I managed to choke out, "Let me suck you." Having been so caught up in what he was doing, and to his credit it was fucking fabulous, he didn't hear what I said. I said, "I need to suck your dick. He rose off of my cock then and said "Okay, but I have to go down on that dick again." He leaned the seat back and pulled his pants off and I saw the first dick that I was going to ever put in my mouth. He was every bit as large as I am and as hard as a rock. I took it in my hand. It was so warm and nice. I lowered my mouth around his dick. I was having a hundred new sensations overwhelm me all at once. My mouth was watering. It was everything I had ever imagined in my wildest dreams and more. I explored every inch he had to offer. As I closed my mouth around him I felt the head so soft against my pallet. It was so soft and juicy. I worked my way up and down on his penis and found out I could take it into my throat again and again. I went very slow, savoring every blessed second I spent worshiping his cock. By the way he was groaning, I could tell he was thoroughly enjoying this mouth treatment. I was falling madly in love with sucking dick in just a few moments. I took his dick out of my mouth and licked every inch of it. I liked licking the head the most. I explored his hole with my tongue. I was licking it up and down and then I took him all the way down into my throat. I was amazed at how much dick I could cram into my throat. There was nothing left, I had taken it all. His pubes were tickling my nose. I took it out of my mouth again and licked it some more. He spread his legs and led me down to his balls. This was all so new and exciting to me. I licked all around his sack. I took his balls into my mouth and gently sucked on them, licking in swirls as they were in my mouth. He scooted down and lifted his spread legs up to his chest, and his hands pushed my mouth on his asshole. I licked from back to front and back again. I was stroking his cock with my hands, and exploring his anus with my wet tongue. I felt him tense up and he said he was going to cum. I raced to his cock as fast as I could and took him in my mouth just as the first drops of his cum splashed against my tongue. He unleashed a torrent of sperm into my mouth grunting like an animal. I held his dick tightly between my lips until he settled down. I left it in my mouth for a moment before rising off of it and swallowing it all in two large gulps. It tasted amazing. I licked my lips and gave him a big smile and wink. He just shook his head and said, "You are just full of surprises young man. Now it is my turn."

He didn't waste any time and started licking my dick like a lollypop. He too took my balls into his mouth. His warmth sent shudders through my whole body. He spread my legs and pulled them up to my chin. He spread my ass cheeks, and his tongue started flicking at my asshole. He soon licked a finger and rubbed his finger against my asshole. He penetrated me slowly, in and out a few times and then took his finger out of my ass licked his fingers again, and this time put two into my ass penetrating me deeply. I had never felt anything like this in my whole life. It was wickedly exciting. He left his fingers in my tight asshole, lowered my legs and swallowed my cock in one gulp. He deepthroated me over and over again, all the while digging his fingers in and out of my ass. I couldn't take it anymore and said, "I'm cumming. He went all the way down and just stayed there while I had the most powerful orgasm of my life. He rose off of my cock, took his fingers out, and kissed me passionately. We shared the treat of my sweet cum, and kissed several minutes after it was all gone.

We both sat there totally spent. We smoked cigarettes, and talked the night away. I had much to reflect on after our encounter. It was the best I had ever felt in my whole life. I felt so free, and for the first time I felt good about myself. I felt free to be me. I also decided that I could give way better blowjobs than any girl I had ever been with could, and since. I look back on my time with Steve and my mouth just waters.