 Mathew:

We sat at the bar and talked for ages as the music slowly grew louder and the bar slowly became crowded; Julian's hand never moving from my knee. 

"So is this Matt series two I'm seeing? All brazen and rule breaking." Julian mocked light-heartedly.

His teasing was quite accurate, outside of football I was a bit of a goody, goody. If you had told me two weeks ago that I would be sneaking into a gay bar to drink and flirt with Julian id scarcely have believed you. Yet here I was, beer in hand basking in the deep looks and closeness as we'd never dared to before.

"Maybe it's just a side of series one you're not yet acquainted with." I quipped with a wink. 

I had been flirtatiously touching him throughout the evening and I chose this moment to run my hand down his back. He studied me then, with a quirky smile on his face. His eyes were intense and focused on me. His teeth began tugging on his lower lip and I was transfixed. He moved closer. My heart beat speed up and I was overwhelmed by his proximity. But he detoured past my mouth when I had been so sure he was about to kiss me. His lips stopped against my ear, we were cheek to cheek and I could feel their soft texture and his hot breath as he spoke. His deep voice nothing more than a whisper. 

"Do you wanna get out of here?" 

All I could do was nod against him; my hands reaching out to grab onto his arms and keep him close. He pulled back a little, mischief in his eyes and chuckled. Our faces were centimeters apart, I could feel his hand reaching up my back to my neck, and then my stomach growled. It growled noisily. 

We both laughed and but the moment was gone. He paid up the tab and thanked the bartender before taking my hand and leading me out through the now thick crowd on to the street. When we made it out to the cool side walk he didn't let go of my hand.

"This way." He indicated to the left and pulled me alongside him. 

We walked for a couple of blocks until the smell of garlic and fresh bread was overtaking my nostrils and then we turned a corner and down an alleyway. There was this cute, little, hole in the wall Italian restaurant. The whole street was worn red brick and green vintage looking outdoor tables sat outside covered in white tablecloths, each table adorned with a few tea lights. I must have stopped walking at some point during my staring because Julian came round in front of me. He had his hands resting on my shoulders and a concerned look in his eye.

"Is this okay, Matty?" He squeezed my shoulders "Cos if it's too much..."

I pounced on him taking his face in my hands and crushing his lips against mine in a none too gentle kiss. His lips were soft and firm against mine; his hands snaked around my waist pulling me closer to him. This kiss had started firm but melted into something soft and sweet by the time he pull away for breath, resting his forehead against mine.

"Because I just want to do this right." He pressed a quick peak against my lips and my fingers danced through the short, silky hair on the back of his head. "You...this..." He indicated between us "it's important to me."

"Me to" I whispered and he kissed me again, light and sweet.

When he pulled away he took my hand in his again and led me to the hostess stand. We ended up sitting at an outside table sipping red wine and eating enormous bowls of pasta. By this point everything was starting to feel romantic and sexy, for which I'd love to blame to alcohol but a single beer and one glass of wine over many hours does a tipsy Matt make. In truth I was high on Julian and this afternoon/evenings events. It felt like an amazing dream. We ate till we were very full but still neither of us managed to empty our plates. Our conversation continued until we finished the wine and I was struck by just how easy everything still was, sitting here next to Julian our feet untangled under the table, the conversation still flowing freely as if nothing had changed. After dinner we meandered back to his apartment and all too soon we were standing out front of it next to my car. 

Julian backed me against my car, holding my body firmly between it and him and his hand came down against the side of my face; stroking my hair, temple and cheek delicately with the tips of his fingers. His eyes roamed my face seemly entranced by the sight of his hands on me. When his thumb grazed across my lower lip my hands that had been resting on his hips gripped tighter. With a soft groan he pressed himself tighter against me, his hand sliding down my neck to the base of my skull and pulled my face towards his, capturing my lips in a long, delicious series of soft kisses which melted into each other until we were both breathless. He pulled away and went to step back but my arms held him close.

"Where do you think you're going?" I purred, looking up at him from under my lashes. He chuckled but the blush that stained his cheeks and the stare filled with lust me know that he was just as affected as I was. My heart hammered in my chest, my cock throbbed and every cell in my body screamed for more of him. Just having him near me, wanting me had my blood hot.

"I think we should stop before we get arrested for public indecency." he replied breathlessly, stepping back in an attempt to put some space between us. I followed pressing myself up against him, middle of the sidewalk be damned. 

"Or... you could invite me up." I staring up at him with innocent eyes and a cheeky smirk. He stepped back again.

"I was kinda thinking we'd take it slow." he stammered. "Do things properly and all that." He was trying to stay in control of the situation but his whole body was betraying him. While I understood his sweet intentions, and loved them, I completely disagreed with his conclusion.

"What does that mean?" I asked coyly moving closer to him again. I ran my hand up the center of his chest, picking imaginary lint off his sweater just over his sternum. Leaving my hand there as I waited for his response. 

"I just think..." He paused and took my hands in his, taking another step back so that he could hold them between us. "Thought that maybe we should wait." He was staring down at our joined hands. "Like take things slow?" I laughed and nuzzled my head into the crook of his neck, my hands wrapped around him. My lips found the shell of his wear and I whispered.

"Haven't we waited long enough, haven't we been slow enough until now."

"Matt..."

"Surely we need some speed now to compensate for all that lost time." I nuzzled his ear lobe, sucking it and grazing it between my teeth. My hands were wandering through his hair and down his back. He felt like putty in my hands. I pressed against him with my weight and pushed him back the remaining few inches until he was pressed up against the red brick wall of his apartment complex.

I held him up against the wall, my body against his and I kissed him thoroughly. I felt his tongue dancing with mine and felt his hardening cock press into my stomach. I was pretty sure we'd soon be in his bedroom but he still seemed a bit hesitant and I didn't want to push him into something he didn't want or wasn't ready for. When we finally had to pull apart for air I didn't go far, just far enough to be able to look into his eyes when I spoke but not far enough to lose any of the incredible contact between our bodies.

"Do you not want to?" I asked, cooling down the seduction for sincerity's sake. He chortled; his hands grabbed my ass and ground me against now very hard and thick length. His tone deep and dripping with sex. 

"Of course I want you!" 

"Then what's stopping us? Why are we still out of the pavement?" I ground my body against his, creating delicious friction. He let out an exasperated sigh.

"I'm trying to be a gentleman!" The look on his face said 'duh' but he was clearly finding this whole situation and humorous, teasing and frustrating as I was.

"Well would you cut it out; I'm trying to get into your fantastically tight pants here." We both giggled and he pulled me into a bear hug, his arms wrapping around me, holding me tight against his chest. I felt his lips by my ear.

"You're sure Matty?" He voice sweet. "It would be hard to go back after"

"Yes!" I spoke against his chest. "Yes, I've never been so sure in my life. I don't want to go back"

I felt him reach his hand down into his pocket but instead of pulling out his keys he pulled out his phone and started typing. I angled my head up and gave him a quizzical look. He looked down at me with a cheeky smile. 

"I'm texting your brother, 'code word scarce'." His phone gave a little ding and he showed me a message from Luke that just said 'clear - place is yours tonight'. Julian put his arm around my shoulder and led me to the front door. 

"It's pretty much a make yourself scarce, I'm bring someone up warning message. Thought I might be a bit awkward to explain this to him right now" He kissed me deeply then. "It might be better to break it to him sometime when were just about to fuck." I heard a little groan escape from my lips and I'm sure there was at least a little blush on my cheeks. Who would blame me though when this incredible and enticing man leading me by the hand up the stairs to his place. His tight ass swaying in front of me with each step. 

Julian:

This new side of Matthew would be the divine death of me. He had seduced and perused me from my good intentions at my own front door. That hot, determined look in his eyes, the seductive tone of his voice and the way he had teased my body with those big, strong hands. I shouldn't have been shocked though. Matt had always managed to seduce me without even knowing it, but now that he was actively trying I was putty in his hands; and now that he was in my bedroom I was helpless. 

As soon as I closed the door he was on me, his hard body pinning me firmly against it. I loved the feeling of his thickly, muscled body pressing against me and under my fingers. My hands were running over the hard planes of his back as he nibbled down my jaw line. I could feel his teeth nipping and gnawing against my skin. His hands were burning into my body through my clothes, where he was holding me down, one hand on my shoulder and one on my hip. The way his fingers gripped and clenched my hip bone made my body feel like it was on fire and I noticed myself start to grind against him. He growled and took my mouth, hard. His lips conquering mine with bruising force, his tongue invading my mouth, dueling with mine. Occasionally he would pull out and nip my lower lip, not hard enough to be painful but fantastically close. 

His hands had been running up my chest under my top, the sensation was marvelous. His skin was warm and his fingertips traced my abs, his palm scorched my flesh as it ran up my sides and over my shoulder. I grabbed at the bottom of my sweater, pulled it up over my head and tossed it onto the floor somewhere before doing the same to his top. I was desperate to feel more of his touch. 

"Fuck, your so damn sexy!" he purred, his hot stare taking in my shirtless torso and before I could respond his mouth was on my nipple, lapping at and flicking the metal bar with his tongue, sucking my nipple into his mouth. I threw my head back in ecstasy and moaned loudly. I pulled at his hair and scratched at his back. With every flick of his tongue I was becoming more and more undone. My dick was straining against my now uncomfortably, tight pants. Matt moved his hand up to fondle and pinch my other nipple. I was mumbling unintelligible words that sounded something like 'oh god' and 'more, please more'. He let go and lifted his gaze to look up at me.

"You like that..." he smiled at me coyly.

I trailed my hand down his front to the large bulge in his jeans and palmed it firmly. His eyes fluttered shut and I continued to rub his erection through his jeans.

"So do you." 

"Yes..." he panted. I dropped to my knees in front of him and popped the button on his jeans. He moaned my name as I pulled the zipper down (and wasn't that the most incredible turn on). I pulled his jeans off his hips and over his ass, letting them fall down to the floor. He kicked off his shoes and jeans as I stared at his boxer brief clad erection. It looked huge and swollen, straining against the fabric. A substantial wet patch at the head of his cock. I reached out running my hands up his thighs, mouthing his erection through the fabric. His body shivered and I loved the way his fingers tightened on my shoulders at each touch. Reaching around I ran hands under his briefs and squeezed the full, rounded globes of his ass before dragging the briefs over his cock and down his legs.

His dick sprung out from its confines and it was gorgeous. His long, thick cock looked painfully hard; the head was red and purple, now barely covered by his foreskin. I looked him up and down; this man was fucking beautiful all over. Taking him in my hand I stroked him gently and was rewarded with a long, deep moan. Holding him at the base, i swiped my tongue over his slit, lapping up the plentiful pre-cum. He hissed and his grip on my shoulders turned Vulcan. I licked him from base to tip several times and then took him into my mouth in one tortuously slow movement until my nose was immersed in his thick patch of pubic hair. I pulled back, almost releasing him before sucking him back in again. I sucked on his cock, loving the sounds of pleasure he made and how his body was rigid with pleasure. I swirled my tongue around his shaft with each suck, fondled his balls with one hand and pump his cock in time with my mouth with my other; I did everything I could think of to make it great for him. We had started at a slow, seductive pace but now I was sucking rapidly, his hips thrusting into my mouth.

"Julian... Julian... Christ Julian" he shouted out my name and pulled my head back away from him. "Stop!" 

"Everything OK?" I inquired as he pulled me up to face him. He nodded and kissed me gently.

"Yeah." He was breathless, panting. "I just don't want to come yet." 

I pressed our foreheads together and ran my fingers through his hair. His hands were undoing my belt buckle and then my jeans. I sighed at the release from my torturous pants. Matt pulled me back towards my messy, unmade bed and flopped down on it. He laid out seductively on my sheets, his lust filled eyes staring at me as I kicked off my shoes and awkwardly removed my very skinny fit jeans. A small cheeky smile came across his face as he watched. I climbed onto the bed over him, sandwiching our throbbing cocks between our bodies as I took his mouth in a slow, sensual kiss. The feel of his naked skin against mine overwhelmed me, my body shivered at the incredible contact and I began to grind my hips against him. His hands were gripping my ass tightly encouraging the movement. The pleasure was intense and our kisses became heated and messy. 

"Fuck me." I moaned against his lips. He stilled. "Please Matty, I want you inside me." I was panting against him.

"Pinch me."

"What?" He rolled us over so that he was now on top, his knees on either side of my hips and his handsome face above me, a huge smile radiating from it.

"So I know I'm not dreaming." he gave me a little shove. "Pinch me." I pinched his nipple and he rubbed it. "Thank god" He grinned at me and I couldn't decide if the grin was joyous or predatory.

He kissed down my chest, teasing my nipples again on his way down. I loved the way he looked up at me with sweet eyes, as hands ran through my chest hair. This was real. Matt, who I had watched from a distance, who I had wanted but stayed away from for so long was kissing and licking his way down my body. Finally he settled between my open thighs, one hand lazily stroking my cock while the other trailed up and down the inside of my thigh.

"Do you have lube?" The hand on my thigh moved up to cup and fondle my balls. My brain was having trouble computing his request. After a short stunned mullet moment, I twisted to reach into my bed side table and pulled open the top draw table. I felt desperately for the familiar bottle. I fumbled and struggled for what felt like hours but was probably only a minute of him sucking on and licking my balls. How was anyone meant to concentrate when an Adonis of a man had his mouth between your legs and his hands on your dick?

He coated his fingers in ample lubricant and sat back on his haunches. While one hand continued to stroke me, the fingers of his other (now slick with lube) trailed down between my cheeks, searching out my entrance. Then he came to it and he fingers were teasing and rubbing my entrance. There was just enough pressure to make me whimper but not enough to enter me. Just when my whimpering was about to turn into all out horny and needy begging, he slid one finger into me. He started to slowly fuck me with his finger, angling it against my prostate with each thrust and then I was begging anyway, begging for more. I wanted more fingers in me filling me, stretching me out. He slowly but happily obliged, until 3 of his fingers were fucking me deep and fast, sizzering me to open me up. I had never been so turned on and ready. I told him as much in staggered, breathless and disjointed words.

"Condom?" Matt murmured his voice now deep and husky.

"Bedside...table" I stammered. His hands left me to reach into the bedside table and I whimpered at the loss. But then he sat back again, foil packet in hand. His eyes observed my wanton body from thighs to eyes and he opened the foil packet with his teeth and rolled it on. I watched him watching me, our eyes locked as he picked up the lube off the bed and smeared a liberal amount over his throbbing cock. Staring into his eyes as he lowered himself over me and positioned himself against me was the most intimate experience of my life.

"Ready?" he whispered against my lips. I could only nod in response. He took my mouth with long, languid kisses and slowly sank down into me, his lips absorbing all my whimpers until finally we both breathed out in unison as he was fully seated inside me. After checking I was okay he slowly pulled back till only the head of his cock was still inside me before thrusting back into me. My head fell back and my body writhed underneath him as he continued to steadily thrust into me again and again and again.

My legs came wrapped around his hips, and his thrusts became deeper, the angle better and with each thrust I saw stars. I called out shamelessly.

"Oh Matthew... Matt, Matt... Matthew! Oh, my God!" One of his hands which had been bracing his weight next to my head slithered down between our bodies and tweaked my nipple.

"I'm so close baby." He panted.

"Stroke me." I groaned against his lips before reaching up for a series of messy, frenzied kisses. His hand moved down from my nipple and grasped my aching, neglected dick. Five pumps later, I was erupting. My body spasm-ed in the most incredible pleasure I had ever felt. The overwhelmed sensation sent tingle throughout my body and my heart felt like it was going to beat its way out of my chest as I gasp and strained for breath. I heard him reach his climax straight after I did as he yelled out my name, his body shaking with pleasure. 

He fell back against me, his sweaty, panting body collapsed atop of mine. Before he rolled over and dragged me with him so that we were side by side. 

Mathew:

We laid on his bed, our legs entwined and our arms around each other; sharing relaxed, open mouthed kisses for the longest time. Our hands trailed soft patterns over each other's bodies. We were completely wrapped up in our post coital bliss. Regretfully, I eventually I slipped out of his warm body and was forced to separate from Julian long enough to dispose of the condom. I rolled to the side of the bed and threw it into the little trash can next to the bedside table. When I turned back to him he ran his fingers through my hair and kissed my temple softly. He looked so beautiful, his handsome face bliss-ed out and his smile that made me think of 'the cat that got the canary'. 
