 Meeting Tim changed me, my life and everything.

You know how it is in life, one just-folks the sheep generally unless you are one of those extraverts that stand out from the rest.

Tim is certainly that and more. He is a local big noise who is the president of this and that appertaining to all matters political and is one of those guys who has an answer for everything, but never the answer you want from him. A typical position in other words.

I met him at a local Conservative Party stint. Not as though I am into politics, but I need to take heed of the way they operate for my University course.

I have had two or three girl fiends but nothing ongoing. Both seemed to lose interest after the first couple of dates and I still don't know why, that is; I didn't know why then but I do now, since Tim suggested we go to the theatre together. 

Me and the theatre are not good bed fellows but thinking that Tim had taken a friendly liking to me, and thinking of my studies, I went along with it.

He was a different guy altogether away from the political scene. He was nice and considerate and very generous, insisting he paid for dinner and the theatre.

Little did I know or even understand that he aimed to seduce me. It never occurred to me, it never entered my mind. Me being firmly placed on the proverbial bandwagon behaving how I thought was right to behave in line with my University colleagues.

It just didn't register at all that Tim of all people was gay. I didn't feel like I was. I liked girls too much even although I was unable to please them. I concluded that was because I didn't fancy them that way.

It's incredible now to think I was completely unaware of my true leaning.

When, in the theatre during the performance of Macbeth, Tim dropped some popcorn over my lap and frantically started to brush the debris off my lap, brushing his hand against my crotch as he did so, I didn't think anything of it. That is; not until he failed to remove his hand from my thigh after wards.

I sort of moved my thigh in an effort to make him aware, thinking he would take his hand away. But he didn't and in the faint light or the auditorium I could see a certain glow in his eyes as he smiled at me in a very becoming way.

One thing certain, I knew at that point he had no intention ion whatsoever of removing his hand from the part of my inner thigh that I realized was giving me the most delightful feeling.

It was lovely but what was it all about? As the show continued his hand continued to rub up my thigh, to the point where his fingers were actually touching my testis through my trousers. I held my breath not quite knowing how to respond. This was quite unusual to be with another guy doing things like that.

Angela did it once, in the back row of a cinema as we watched a James Bond movie. He was fervently making love to his co-star which seemed to turn Angela on. Looking back it would have been so easy to respond to her firm caress but I just couldn't get interested at all. Whether it was because we were in a api8ablic place I don't know, but certainly now I was reaching a very formidable stiffness underneath my trousers which Tim was thoroughly taking advantage of in the most delightful way.

So I realized then my reluctance with Angela meant I am possibly homosexual and I was just getting to know and understand myself, realizing that it was rather lovely being spoiled by another guy.

"That feels so good" Tim whispered into my ear. "Can I take it home with me, Alex after the show" 

I giggled and said as long as can come too.

"Don't worry about that dear Alex, you will be coming too, in more ways than you may think."

For the remainder of the show I was not concentrating on the performance at all, and I doubted if Tim was, although he kept looking at the performers whilst feeling me.

The he whispered about how nice the guy whop played Macbeth was and how he'd like him for the night, looking so absolutely delicious in those skin tight tights.

He kissed me on the lobe of my ear and said that he would really prefer me, that he was just trying to make me jealous.

And oddly enough he was, because what he was doing gave me the impression that he would want me to sleep with him at least.

It was me coming to those conclusions, me who only had just discovered the true self that wanted deliriously to be with Tim full stop.

It was simply so lovely and gorgeous to feel his fingers exploring me to the full. He carefully unzipped and found my real hardness that seemed to be pulsing away to the extreme.

Tim knew only too well what he was doing to me. I could have easily stripped myself and him too if we hadn't been there. Many of the seats were vacant but there were several occupied behind.

"Look Alex, I would suggest that we leave now and head for my place, but I really wanted to see this show. Look there are hardly no seats taken in the back row, let's move there Huh?"

How could I refuse, the most difficult thing was to hide my intrepid arousal whilst moving along to the end of the row, where there were several teenaged girls.

"Just keep you jacket in front of you" Tim advised realizing my predicament. But even so as we passed the girls, each one of them gave out a profound giggle. Did they see me or were they simply laughing at something the actors were doing. I guess they were.

We manage to get to the back row and, still watching the play Tim seemed to thoroughly enjoy exploring me. I felt myself instinctively slip down the edge of the seat to allow him a better access, because it was so good to feel him doing the things he was doing with my very stiff and upright erection.

"Enjoy Alex and I will give him something more he'd like in a moment when this scene had finished."

I wondered what that would be. But secretly hopes the show would soon end so we could go back to his place and be rid of the extreme ache I was feeling. It was an ache which made me very aware of what I was all about, thinking things that had never before occurred to me, in facts rising myself that I could imagine such things.

For the first time in my life I wanted to be fucked, as simple as that. I actually craved for the feel of hard throbbing man cock up my passage, to feel it up there and massage it within. 

I so wanted that. 

I had to admit then that I was homosexual and welcomed the fact that at last had resolved the big issue in my life, that why it was I could never go seriously with a girl.

Tim kept his resolve and for about five minutes during a change of stage scene he massaged me deep into his mouth as the lights were still dimmed.

The feel of him sucking and licking and everything was absolutely mind boggling. I felt I belonged and was wanted and at that moment I knew I could be anything that Tim wanted me to be.

His deep sucking drive me mad and I could not stop the cum spurt. He took a handkerchief from his pocket and wrapped it around my surging cock.

"You are a naughty boy" he said with a smile, Just wait until I get you home, you will have to pay for this!"

One thing about Tim he always kept my mind on red alert, and now I wondered what exactly he meant by that.

I didn't care though. All I wanted was his fuck and how. I would give him my all and suck him like he had sucked me, I would wank and lick him up and tease his balls until Kingdom cum. Until he came deep inside my ass - until we both met a wonderful crescendo. Amen!

To be continued...