 We woke the next day and headed over to the church where Mack grew up. His parents had been members their entire lives and were holding a small luncheon of about 20 people to celebrate their anniversary. I met a few of his parent's friends, most of whom were polite and cordial, if not slightly scandalized by presence. Nonetheless, everyone was lovely and we were there to celebrate his parent's 50th wedding anniversary. 

Towards the end of the luncheon, Mack lifted his glass to make a toast to his parents. "Friends, I want to thank you for coming to celebrate my mom and dad. We Manning men are not much for words in public, but I want to tell you that there are no two people that I admire more in the world than my mom and dad. They gave me the most incredible life and I hope someday I have a marriage as loving and committed as the two of them." He looked at me as he said this and I felt myself blush. Damn I love this man!

Mack paused and I could tell he was trying not to tear up. 

"Mom and dad, you gave me everything you had when I was growing up. You worked hard, volunteered at this church, helped me with my homework, and made sure I did my chores." Everyone chuckled as he continued. 

"I wanted to do something for you to show you how much you mean to me. I know you won't want any 'presents'—really, my daddy just doesn't want to write the thank you notes," we all laughed, including Mr. Manning, who nodded that Mack was correct. "But it wouldn't have been right to let 50 years pass and not give you a little something."

His parents eyes widened as Mack presented each of them with an envelope. The room was quiet as they opened them. 

Mack's father's hands were a bit shakey as he read his note and then stood up to hug his son. His mom's tears flowed rather freely as she kept shaking her head. Finally, the minister asked, "What did you get them?"

Mack established a fund at the church in honor of his parents, so no child in the community would ever have to worry about paying for school lunch again. And, to celebrate their love and commitment, he bought them a one week cruise in the Bahamas. And he handed me an envelope as well. I opened it. It turns out, we were going with them! I was stunned. 

"I know I should have asked," he whispered to me, "but the first time we're all on an airplane, I wanted it to be with you." I nodded with a huge lump in my throat. "Of course we'll go," I smiled. "Thank you." 

The party ended, we cleaned up and headed back home while his parents went to play Bridge with a neighbor. 

Mack pulled me into the shower. "I need you. NOW!" My big bear of a man was hungry for my dick and I was happy to oblige. But first—I had to suck his cock and then find my way to lick his sweet, hairy ass. 

As the warm water rushed over us, Mack moaned as I probed him with my tongue. His legs shuddered. 

"Oh Adam, that feels so good," he moaned. I probed deeper and added a finger to get him ready. His ass pushed back, letting him know he was hungry for my dick, which was now dripping with anticipation. 

I stoop and turned him away so I could enter from behind. 

"Damn, your ass is tight," I moaned as I bit his neck and slowly entered him. It was hot inside and he gasped. 

"Your cock is so big, Adam," he groaned. 

We had a rhythm, but something about fucking in the home where he grew up turned both of us on. 

"Ahhhh," he moaned and bucked his ass back onto my cock, clamping down. The pressure was too much as I emptied my balls inside his warm ass. 

Panting, he turned around and kissed me, deeply and passionately. We toweled off and took a nap. 

That night, after dinner and his parent's endless questions and excitement about our cruise, Mack drove me to the local bar where he hung out occasionally during college. It was a small town bar, well kept, with live music and locally brewed beer. They also had the most fantastic French fries! I had eaten almost half a basket of them when Mack suddenly looked horrified. "Oh God," he lamented, "I think they're made with pork fat! I'm so sorry Adam!"

The poor guy looked truly heartsick. 

I laughed as I put down the half-eaten French fry I was holding. "I knew there was a reason they tasted so good." 

"I'm sorry, I should have asked," my sweet boyfriend apologized.

I waved my hand. "C'mon, you didn't know. And I could have asked. Besides, it isn't the end of the world. Not a big deal." I shook my head. "Of all the delicious foods my people decided weren't kosher, we had to pick pork!" I fake smiled, "I mean c'mon. They could have picked cilantro." We both laughed. 

Mack smiled his big smile as he pulled out one of his cigars. "When we get home," he said as he light up—in this particular bar, everyone was smoking—"I'm gonna give you the best thank you," as his foot pressed against mine under the table. 

I winked at him. He knew that while I wasn't a smoker, the sight of him smoking a cigar was a huge turn on. I wasn't all that kinky, but fuck—my guy smoking a cigar got me instantly hard!

As Mack was smoking a cigar and we were talking about his growing up in this small town, a guy and woman about our age approached the table. Mack suddenly looked very uncomfortable. 

"Mack," the man said, "it's good to see you. How are you?"

The color drained from Mack's face for a quick minute before he recovered. 

"Jim, Tracy. Good to see you. How you been?" He asked. Now, my boyfriend is somewhat reserved, but I'd never seen him cold to anyone before. Clearly, there was history here. 

As Jim was about to answer, Mack interrupted as he stood up. "Forgive me, Adam. This is Jim and Tracy Johnson. Jim and I went to high school together. Jim and Tracy, this is Adam Miller, my boyfriend." 

I extended my hand to Jim's first and then Tracy. They were both cordial, but clearly uncomfortable. Truthfully, so was I. Mack and I hadn't discussed how we would handle it if we ran into anyone he knew. I was happy to follow his lead, but clearly, something was up here. 

Jim started to ask a question, but Tracy wasn't interested. "Oh, we're here meeting some friends. They just got here. Nice to see you Mack. Adam," she said with a smile that was as genuine as a $3 bill. 

"Nice to see you both," Mack said as they turned and headed towards their friends. 

Mack looked... confounded? I could see there was a lot going on inside him and I wasn't quite certain how to support him. So I did what I always do and tried to be simultaneously honest while giving him the space he needed to process.

"Honey," I said quietly as he took a drag on his cigar, "I can see something is up here and that was hard for you. I won't pry. But I'm here to listen when you want to talk." I took a sip of my beer as Mack looked back over his shoulder at Jim and Tracy who were taking a booth with their friends. 

Mack remained quiet. I could see him processing. And then I realized... Jim must have been his wrestling team mate from high school—the one man he'd had feelings for besides me. I took another gulp of my beer. 

A few minutes had passed. I was staying present for Mack and trying to figure out how to best support him. I wanted to hug him. And I knew that he needed to process this in his own way. 

He finally spoke. "That's Jim. We were on the wrestling team together in high school, but we'd been friends since 4th grade when his family moved to town. We hiked in the woods together, road our bikes all over town. Hell, in 10th grade, he's the one I smoked my first cigar with..." his voice trailed off as he looked at his half-smoked cigar. 

I looked intently into his eyes. He looked away. Not because of me. I think he was embarrassed or ashamed. 

"Senior year, after the last wrestling meet, Jim asked me for one last go round on the mat after everyone else had left. I figured, 'why not?' and so we wrestled for a half hour. It was dark out by now. There were no lights on in the gym. And Jim was a lot bigger and stronger than me then..." Mack's voice got quiet. I leaned in to hear him over the band. 

"Well, Jim got me from behind and he had me pinned face-down on the floor, one arm behind my back. And I could feel he was hard. And he kept grinding his cock into my ass... We were breathing heavy—we'd spent the afternoon at the meet and then we were horsing around. And I could feel his breath on my neck," Matt said with great sadness. "And I want him to turn me over and kiss me... but he wouldn't... he was too strong. And I was too afraid to speak up. So he pulled down my pants and he..." Mack stopped talking. The band was done and everyone was clapping. 

I paid close attention to my own breathing and to Mack's, who was obviously upset at reliving this memory. 

"I felt his breath on my neck and I want him to turn me over and kiss me... but he wouldn't. He came on my back. And then he got up and left. We did that two or three times a week—wrestling with him pinning me down and cumming on my bare ass. Always the same. He never kissed me. He never fucked me. He never touched my cock. We never talked about it. But I wanted him. We were best buds and I loved him, Adam. At least, I thought I did."

Mack took a big swig of his beer. Some of the foam got on his beard. I reach over and wiped it off. He smiled but I could tell his heart wasn't in it. 

"And then, a few weeks after graduation, we were supposed to go camping together. I planned to tell him then that I loved him, that I wanted to be with him."

"But he didn't go camping with you, did he?" I asked, knowing how the story turned out.

Mack sighed and turned his head back, looking at Jim. "Nope. He cancelled because he said that Tracy didn't want him to go. They were serious... I cried myself to sleep that night. They got engaged a few weeks later. Then Jim got too busy with Tracy and wedding shit. I wasn't even invited to the fucking wedding," Mack choked back a sob. "I always wondered if she suspected something... This is the first time I've seen them since the summer we graduated high school."

Being in this bar wasn't helping Mack. So I took his cigar out of his hand and put it in the ashtray. I threw some money on the table and looked him in the eyes. 

"Mack, this is really hard. Young love, first love, complicated love... Damn. I don't know what to say," I said as I stood up feeling like a lousy boyfriend. 

Wait a second? What was I talking about? I knew exactly what I wanted to say.

"Actually, I do know what to say. That was 12 years ago. He was shitty to you. And you deserve better. Yeah, you were young. So what. He was a total dick not to see how amazing you are! I love the man you are. I love how smart and kind and generous and sensitive you are. I love how you read books and how you told your mom about how to make me a Shabbat dinner and that you bought your parents a cruise and started a fund for hungry kids at the church. I love the fact that you are the best fuck on planet earth and when we get home, I'm gonna make love to you with everything I've got and fill your ass with more cum than you can imagine. He might be too much of a dumbass to know what kind of sexy fucker you are, but I am going to make sure you know every day I'm alive how unbelievably amazing you are and how lucky I am to be your boyfriend."

Mack's jaw dropped and he looked stunned. 

"Oh, and honey—when I fuck you tonight, you can pin me as long as I can kiss you and see your eyes while we make love. That work for you?" I asked seductively as I brushed my hand over his hardening dick. 

Mack nodded and followed me out. We didn't even acknowledge Jim and Tracy as we left the bar. 

True to my word, I made love to Mack with ferocious tenderness that night as his tears flowed. He wept for his young broken heart and he wept for being loved. When he came—we did so as quietly as we could given his sleeping parents in the next room—he panted in the afterglow, "I don't know how I got so lucky to find you. But I'm never gonna let you go." 

I smiled in my post-fuck delirium. "Mack, I'm the lucky one. I got you. I'm gonna send Jim a thank you note."

He shot up in bed. "What?" he looked panicked. 

"I'm gonna thank him for being such a schmuck that he wasn't smart enough to see what a good man you are. His being a dumbass is the best thing that ever happened to me!"

We both laughed and kissed tenderly until I heard him drifting off to sleep in my arms, my cum slowly leaking from his ass. This was love.