 On Saturday, I went to Dale's house for a party. It had been a very bad week. My high school girlfriend and I, who had a volatile relationship to say the least, finally called it quits. Things became very hot and cold when I went to Buffalo for college. I had just graduated, and I had hoped this would cool the tempers, but it didn't. I was hoping to use the party to establish a new relationship.

It was a really nice party, on a gorgeous May night in Western NY. Dale's house was down the street from a small lake, which had a nice walking path. It was a perfect place to go for a stroll, possibly hook up, and make out. I made my first trip at about 9 PM, but no luck. There was only one unattached girl, and she was more interested in the moon and the surroundings. So I went back to the party. And I drank.

And I drank.

And I drank some more (you get the picture).

Finally, I got up from the bar, and went over to a couple of friends, Tony and Darryl, and started chatting. After several minutes, I had to piss. I staggered towards the bathroom, excused myself to a pole I bumped into, and proceeded to enter the room to relieve myself. I was having a lot of trouble undoing the buttons of my fly. Then a pair of helpful hands undid them for me. The right hand separated the fly, and the left hand pulled my boxers to the side, then the right hand pulled my cock out to aim into the toilet.

After I finished my piss, the right hand shook the excess off the tip. Then the helper put my cock back inside, gently massaging my shaft in the process. Then the right hand reached into the fly and massaged my balls gently, then the hands buttoned my fly, and I turned to leave. There I found that the hands belonged to Tony.

We exited the bathroom, and Tony suggested we go for a walk to let the fresh air "clear my head." I agreed, and we proceeded to walk down the path by the lake. About 10 minutes later, I had to piss again, and this time Tony didn't hesitate. He guided me to a secluded area off the path, and undid my fly, but this time he pulled my jeans and boxers down. He held my cock again, with his right hand, and aimed it into the trees. I could feel him leaning into me, but the relief felt so good, I didn't think any more of it.

As I finished, he again shook my cock, but this time did it longer. He reached under my balls with his left hand, and gently massaged my scrotum. My cock began to twinge, and I could feel it starting to harden. He then changed the shaking to a stroking motion with his right hand, making my cock stand at attention. He pulled his left hand away, and pulled down his jeans, and pressed his rock hard cock between my ass cheeks, and slowly began rocking. I could feel the head of his cock touching the small of my back. He did this for a few minutes (I think), then finally turned me to face him.

In one graceful move, he ran his left hand down my shirt to join my now painfully hard cock. He kneel down, and took my cock into his mouth, and began sucking. I must say, my girlfriend was good at oral sex, but Tony was better. He tongued the slit, and teased my cock, making me quiver. He concentrated on the tip and head at first, before taking the entire length. His 5-o'clock shadow brushed on my pubic hairs, making a soft gristling sound.

I instinctively started rocking with his fellatio. He reached his hands around, and gently held my ass cheeks to slow the speed of my thrusts, and gently massage the cheeks. I could feel my cock reaching its full 5 1/2 inches, and getting close to ejaculation. I let out a soft moan. I am pretty sure I began to release pre-cum. He then took the index fingers of both hands, and rubbed at my anus. This caused me to tighten a little, then relax. The crowning moment occurred when he inserted the fingertip inside my anus. He didn't come close to my prostate, but it was enough to send me over the edge. I exploded, sending many jets of red-hot spunk into his throat. His mouth never released, in fact it formed a tighter seal around my cock. As my spurts began to subside, he went back to pumping my cock with his mouth, but used his hands to keep me upright.

My legs became to wobbly, and Tony guided me to my knees, then to the ground. He bent over to make sure he cleaned my cock sufficiently, licking my entire pubic area, down to my anus. I looked to the side, and saw his cock, rock hard, swinging as he was licking me. I reached over with my right hand, and took hold of it, and began to stroke it.

I had very little experience with handling another man's member. In fact there were only two occasions that I had. Both were at school. Our college had a gay and lesbian group which met for "support." On the two occasions, I had just had fought with my girlfriend. My visits there were to relieve frustration more than hook up. I jacked off with one guy the first time, and did some licky-sucky stuff at the second. It was very awkward, and I didn't do very well. But now, I was thinking that I should have paid more attention.

I stroked Tony's cock as he finished on me. He then leaned back, sitting his ass cheeks on his heels. His cock was about 6 1/2 inches, straight as an arrow, with its bulbous head pointing right at my face. I kept up the stroking, picking up the pace. Tony at first leaned back, making it easier for me to jack him off. Then he went back into a kneeling position, his cock moving about 2 inches from my face. I continued to stroke.

Then I lifted my head and placed my lips around his cock. I sucked on the head and the first part of the shaft, and continued to stroke him. I tried to get more of his length in, but gagged and had to back off. I kept jacking him, twisting my hand around the shaft as I kept my lip-lock engaged. I then heard him say, "Here it comes." And in a matter of seconds, I felt his cock get rock hard, and felt the head twitch. I almost pulled my head away. Tony, reached his hand down and gently held my head in place. He then blasted three hard spurts of salty-sweet semen into the back of my throat. I gagged a little with the first, and Tony released my head. But I kept hold of him, and swallowed all but a little dribble that rolled down my right cheek. Tony leaned over and licked my face, cleaning up the evidence.

"We've got to get back", Tony said. But I had gotten hard again. Tony kept me laying on the ground, and maneuvered my jeans and shorts around my cock. We brushed ourselves off, straightened our clothes, and made our way back to the party. Daryl asked where we went. Tony told him, "He needed to walk it off and get some fresh air." Daryl then said, "I would have helped. You should have got me." An intriguing thought, possibly.

We had a few more drinks, then it was time to go. Tony told Dale he was driving me home, and we would be back to pick up my car in the morning. Then Tony proceeded to take me home.

His home!

More to come.