 As always, here's the disclaimer. This is the first chapter in my new novel titled Firebug. As most of my stories are, this is a STORY not a quick stroke or porn piece. It has character development and story line and the sex, while present, isn't the point of the story. There can be non-consent scenes in this story as in most of my stories, and the characters are supernatural in a fantasy/sci-fi world. I hope you all love it as much as I loved writing it! Be well my friendsYou're friendly neighborhood author :)

**GEM**

Thunderous music pounded through the room as I lounged back against the comfortable plush couches that dotted the room in numbers far to many to count. As an off duty cop, this was the last place I'd ever wanted to be caught, yet for some reason it never stopped me from donning his most flattering attire and climbing into my friends shinny hovermob. Bodies crowded the dance floor, all writhing against one another, mostly men but a few ladies found herself pressed against a pair of lovers near fucking on the dance floor. Most of them either didn't realize this was a gay bar, or they were the proverbial fag hag here to fix up her best friend with some one night stand action.

But yea, as an off duty cop, I should be far more concerned with my image and less concerned with the, how shall we say? Exotic? No, we're not talking about the fact I'm was gay, hell, it's almost popular to be gay on the force now, no one cares and if they did, it stood to reason you'd be getting a date out of it. No, the exotic that this particular club catered to were what was called 'supers', and those humans who were 'super-friendly'. The term stood for supernatural, and yea, if you were thinking fairies and elves and shit, you'd be right on the money. 

Supers were outlawed in nearly ninety percent of the world, the safe havens for their kind drasticly and fast diminishing. Those who weren't enslaved and kept 'under control' were generally put down, as if they were mutts at the pound. The whole concept sickened me, it always had, but hell, I have my duty as a cop. Yea, duty, well, I have my duty to a sense of right and wrong, too, I figure, and if given the opportunity I let the super go without any harm nor foul. No sentient being should be forced to live in slavery, and hell, if you were considered 'too dangerous' they just outright murdered you. Christ, the topic made me want to wretch, even when I'm just thinking to myself. 

"Gem, look over there, left side of the dance floor." I turned my head so I could hear Ahal speak over the din of the club's sound system, then catching what he'd said I glanced towards where he pointed in the corner.

"Holy Shit." I mumbled under my breath, eyes instantly drawn to and locking on what must have been one of the most incredibly beings that I'd ever personally seen up close. Stunning would have been all to accurate a word, I think, and as I watched him, my heart did little flip flops inside my chest. 

Four different men vied for his attention, each drawing him away from the others, but the young man didn't seem to notice or care very much. He danced with whoever came close enough, and when he touched some one, sparks flew and I do mean that literally. His hair appeared to be made up of strands of living fire, billowing about him as he moved, writhed and spun. Hell, if he didn't have a death wish then he was far to vain for his own good. Even in a place like this it was bad news to be so openly supernatural. If I hit my guess, and I did get all A's in school when taking the lessons on supers, he was either a fire elemental, a sprite, or he was descended of one. Hell, even his skin seemed to glow, a rich orangey hue that made him look nothing less then beautiful.

If my mouth hadn't been watering before at the stunning pictures of masculine beauty on the dance floor, it sure as fuck was now. Something held me back though, and that something was the fact he was pulling fireworks in a place that was so public. That generally meant the super in general wanted to get caught, or no longer cared if he was. It made for bad bed partners, especially for some one like me who wouldn't want to be in bed with them when the 'rounders' came to claim em.

"What? You look like some one hit you in the head with a two by four, Gem. You getting a readin' on him or something?" Ahal asked me, and I shook my head to clear the cobwebs away. I needed to forget about this one, he was dangerous, not just to himself either.

"Naw, no reading. Too many people between the two of us, I'd need to touch him in a place like this." I replied, and Ahal nodded his head, a knowing look in his eyes. "Don't look at me like that, man. I'm not going near him, not with a god damn ten foot pole."

"Bullshit." Was all Ahal said, and even as the word left his mouth I felt myself lifting up off the couch and sliding through the throng of writhing bodies towards my querry. I wasn't as bright as I pretended, apparently. My common sense was alright, I guess, but the downright truth was that I didn't often LISTEN to my common sense, so it did me little good, and well Ahal knew it.

Men grabbed me from behind, trying to pull me into a dance here or their, but I had eyes only for the man who'd sparked my fire, so to speak, bad pun I know, but I couldn't help it. The fire-sprite's eyes were closed as he grind his leather-clad hips into someones groin then spun away out of reach yet into another waiting lovers embrace. He didn't even care who held onto him, he simply moved where the music lead him, dancing and writhing and out of his mind with the sensual eroticism of the moment. Fuck, he was beautiful, and I was drawn to him which meant it was bad news for me. I should stay away from any man I'm drawn to, honestly, I knew this by now but for some reason I just couldn't get my body to listen to the common sense meter going off in my brain.

It took some maneuvering, but I finally did manage to evade his cache of lovers and slide in behind him, my hands caressing along his slim hips as I drew him in against my body. He was smaller then I'd first realized, a full head and then some shorter then me, making it easy for me to rest my chin atop his head as he pressed back into my body, sparks zinging against every inch of my flesh where we touched, electrifying but not harming. It was erotic and sensual, and normally physical contact helped me get a read but at this point the sudden desire I felt drowned out all ability I might have possessed.

Fight back the lust, I held onto him, even when another would-be lover tried to muscle me out of the way to have his turn at the sexy thing in my arms. He didn't seem to mind the fact I held onto him, instead, he moved within the circle of my arms, spinning, using my body as a prop in a dance that must have been internally only for him. God, there's something about dancing with a man who enjoys the sensuality of the dance for the act of dancing, and doesn't necessarily give a shit for his partner. You feel both left out and voyeuristic at the same time as highly eroticized yourself, both are true, in their own way. He could have been dancing with a pole and I knew he'd have looked just as hot doing so, though the reality was I wasn't a bad looking man myself and I was sure we were drawing a few eyes as we moved together, rocked together and spun together. The longer I held him in my arms, felt the heat of his hair, the sparks against my skin, the less I wanted to let him go and the more I needed to get a read on him. I needed to know why he was doing this, acting this way. I needed to know him.

...Love lost... lust... desire... fuck me now... don't care who... need now... pain... agony... can't breathe... fuck... I pulled my mind away from the garbled and missmash of thoughts I picked up from him, shuddering internally as I both felt what he felt and heard some of the thoughts sliding from his mind. Yea, if you hadn't figured it out yet, I'm a super too, but the point is, what I picked up from him was so garbled I wasn't sure what was his and what was coming from the people pressed in against us. One thing I was certain about was, however, he was dead set on getting well and truly fucked tonight, and if he thought I was gonna take him someplace to do that he'd follow me.

Leaning down, I slid my arms around his chest and pulled him flush against my skin, nuzzling along his neck and feeling the zing of sparks dance along my lips. "Follow me." I growled low, letting my voice hold the promise of sexual heat. It wasn't hard, I actually felt the sexual heat I was promising, I wanted him, he knew I wanted him and I knew I wanted him and he didn't give a god damn who he fucked tonight so he just nodded his head and took my lead as he held firmly to his arm and tugged him through the throng of people.

An enterprising young man who'd tried to snatch my little firecracker away from me during our dance got angry that I was taking him out of the running, so to speak, stepping in front of me and reaching out for Spark, I growled, baring my teeth. I'm not a little guy, not even remotely, but this place was full of supers and so far as supernatural powers go I haven't got shit in the way of protection compared to most of them.

"Back the fuck up." I heard myself say through the din of music, Spark just glanced between the two of us, a sexy smile breaking across his face as if he liked the idea of the two of us fighting over him. I didn't like the idea, not one bit, most especially not when I noticed the guys eyes going all wonky, changing into something animalistic, maybe feline, maybe canine, I wasn't quite sure. Fuck. A were, I didn't wanna go up against a were, but I wouldn't have to if I could play things right. "Listen, buddy. He's goin' with me. I dunno bout you, but I think he's played the club enough tonight, pulling more fireworks then most the supers in here combined could muster. You wanna be lyin' next to him when the 'rounders' come for 'em?" I asked, keeping my tone neutral.

The guys eyes began to fade back to human as he thought about what I'd said. I made a good point, and as he glanced around the club, mentally tallying how many rounders were in here taking stock of the super-count, he hesitantly nodded his head towards me. "Yea, gotta point." He said grudgingly, then eyed Spark again who's sexy smile had turned into an equally sexy pout.

"Aww, and here I thought you liked danger." Spark said, reaching out and tickling under the man's chin with fingers that caressed sparks against his bare flesh. "Good kitty, maybe another time." He said, then winked. I wasn't sure, but I could have sworn I heard a rumbling purr as I yanked Spark's arm and pulled him passed his admirer towards Ahal.

"That was close." My friend said, but I cut him off.

"Hovermob. Now, meet us out back." I growled, and he hopped to his feet without another word and tossed enough chits on the table to pay for our tab and any my firecracker might have had as he made a bee-line for the door. I had a bad feeling, and when I had bad feelings, I'd learned to trust my instincts. My instincts were telling me to get the fuck outa dodge, if you know what I mean, and I was listening.

Pulling the young man behind me I headed towards the back entrance, weaving through people, humans and supers alike, only to be stopped by two people fucking against the back door. 

"Fuck." I growled, and Spark pressed against my side, his hand sliding from my belly down to the wasteline of my pants, delicate fingertips caressing the line of curly hairs that trailed there, following them into my pants in a teasing manner.

"Mmm, that looks like fun, don't you think? Why don't you just fuck me against the wall, right like this, big boy." He whispered, and I ignored him.

"Folks, I need the door." I said, then growled out, "Outa the fucking doorway, find a god damn room." When then didn't respond. One looked up, opening his mouth to say something until he saw my size and the creature I had clinging to me, then nodded his head and shifted his partner to a different wall, allowing for me to pull Spark out the door and into the chilly night air.

'Aww, no fun. When're you gonna fuck me like you promised?"

"And when exactly did I promise that, Spark?" I whispered to him, leaning my head down and cupping his face in my hand, unafraid to curl my fingers into the long hot locks of his hair.

"When you ground that hard-on against my ass on the dance floor, that's when." He replied, turning and nipping at the heal of my hand with his teeth. "And the name's Torn, not Spark." He corrected me. I thought Spark was more fitting, but hey, I'm not all that original. 

He leaned up just as Ahal brought the hovermob around the back, his lips capturing mine in a mind numbing kiss that seared my lips and tongue with the heat of his own. I'd never experienced a kiss like this, red hot yet it didn't hurt, I could feel the fire, and I knew logically I should be screaming, but he just tasted like scalded honey, almost caramelizing on my tongue, sweet and warm and honestly I didn't want to let him go. He wrapped his arms around my neck and pressed the slight form of his body in against mind, causing a groan to escape my throat. So lost was I in the kiss, that I had completely forgotten Ahal had arrived until he let out a honk, startling me out of the lip-lock long enough to drag Torn into the car.

I was panting, hell, I wasn't just panting I was shaking. I wanted the little firecracker more then I'd wanted anyone in a long time, and that was saying something for me to be so instantly attracted to him. It was more then physical attraction, I knew I'd sensed something unconsciously which was making me want him. I called it intuitive, but the truth was that my supe power knew things I couldn't quite grasp, and it keeps that type of stuff hidden as unconsciousness until it decides to make an appearance. So, for some reason, I was drawn to him and that meant I would stick by him until I could figure out why.

"Tone down the fire works on the drive. We don't need the 'rounders' chasing us down main street, Torn." I told him, and he pouted at me but despite that his display immediately dimmed, leaving him looking more like a little punk rocker then a super. His hair looked streaked red and orange and yellow, his eyes appeared to have matching contacts and his skin was a soft peach that gleamed in the moonlight, but didn't glow with inner heat any longer. Even without the fireworks, he was stunningly handsome, and he knew it.

"Better, big guy?" He asked me, and I gave a curt nod, turning to glance behind us to make sure we weren't being tailed.

"Any reason why we had to get out of the club?" Ahal asked from his spot in the drivers seat. "Or did you just get one of your feelings, Gem?"

"Feeling. A feeling mingled with the display Spark put on at the dance floor, I figured that with a firebug making himself so incredibly known in a spot like the club the rounders wouldn't let the chance slip them to capture such a dangerous super and maybe a few others while they were there. It won't be a safe hang out for at least a weak, they'll be watching it, no doubt." I replied matter-of-factly. And I would know, since I might end up bein' one of the ones assigned to watch the damn place. Sometimes I wished I didn't have to hide what I was so I could beg off on jobs that put innocent people, supe or not, in dank dark cages, sexual slavery or just plain wishing they were dead. It doesn't get much worse then what some of the supes I know have to go through. If only I could save em all.

I glanced towards Spark, or Torn I guess his name was, watching as he snuggled up against my chest, his fiery colored eyes looking up at me with a "come hither fuck me now on your friends hovermob seats, I dun care, just fuck me now" look. In fact, the look was so intense I figured I must have been picking up on his feelings, I'd never seen anyone able to give a look like that and despite myself, my groin tightened in the restraints of tight leather pants I happened to be wearing.

"Well, your feelings are almost never wrong." Ahal said, glancing in the rear view mirror for a moment so he could toss me a look. It was one of those, 'what the fuck are you doing?' looks and I knew that he'd had me pegged. Maybe my intentions were good, but if I took this one home I'd end up fucking him into the wall, and Ahal damn well knew it. I sighed, because now that I had him in the car the only place I could take him was home, and that's apparently exactly where Ahal was takin' us. Great.

"When're we gonna fuck, baby?" Torn growled softly in my ear, making my heart do flipflops and my stomach clench with the need I felt for him mingled with the need I felt rolling off him in waves. I could barely tell where his feelings ended and mine began, and I was having a hard time disentangling my thoughts from his which was weird for me. Normally I could just sort of block it out, but Torn was pouring himself all over me, like unconsciously he was trying to drag me into his lust haze so I'd give him what he wanted.

I turned my head, looking directly into those amazing eyes of his and leaned down like I was gonna kiss him, real close like you know? "When I'm good and ready, firebug." I replied, and he slid into my lap from his seat, straddling my hips and rocking his tight perfect little ass against my groin, causing me to suck in air quickly through my teeth, hissing at him.

"No fuckin' on my god damn car seats." Ahal groused good naturedly, but I knew he was worried about me. If Torn couldn't get worried for his own safety, he damn sure as fuck wasn't worried about mine. This was a problem, because it meant he could act real stupid and I could end up the one taking the fall for his stupidity. Its one thing to fuck up your life, another to take others down with you. This is why normally we stay away from a supe who's gone self destructive like Torn quite obviously had, but when my feelings tell me to grab some one, then I have to follow my orders. Just the way this thing works. If I let him go, he'd just keep popping up in my space until I finally paid attention to my feelings, and generally each time would be a more dangerous situation then the last.

"Oh, I'm not fucking him." Torn pouted back to Ahal, "He's trying to make me wait, killing me back here, so I thought I'd return the favor and tease him till we got some where more private. I guess he's not an exhibitionist." 

"What, you mean an exhibitionist like you?" Ahal asked sharply. Torn bothered him, he didn't like any supe who didn't care about his own life any more, something about giving up and giving in grated on his nerves. "You get him caught, Firebug, and I'll kill you." Ahal warned, his eyes serious as he glanced in the rearview to catch Torn's gaze. 

If I hadn't have been looking for it, I'd never have seen the slight nod of Torn's head in response, and apparently Ahal had seen something in his eyes that calmed him because he didn't make another comment and his shoulders lost some of the tenseness. Even Torn seemed a little calmer by the time we pulled into my drive, his small form laid out against my chest as he waited for us to get to wherever it was we were headed to.

"Alright, we're here. Hey, Gem?" He asked as he pulled up along the sidewalk and put his unloading lights on.

I paused, glancing back at him as Torn began to climb out of the hovermob, "Yea?" I asked him.

"Just be careful man." He said, "I have a feeling about him too. He's dangerous. He's gonna get you into some shit and I dunno if you'll come out of this one." He said quietly. "He is a bad candidate for the rail road, Gem. Trust me. Don't go there with this one. He could fuck everything up." I knew Ahal was right, if I tried to smuggle the firebug somewhere safe he'd likely light the safehouse on fire just to prove he could get away from the rounders. But something inside of me balked at the idea of leaving him to be captured and put down. I liked him, I didn't know why but I couldn't deny the truth.
