 This is a true story of my one and only encounter with another man. 

About 16 years ago when I was 25 I was ready for another typical Friday night doing of hitting the nightclubs in Jacksonville, Florida and trying to pick up a woman for the evening. I do not remember why I decided to go to a local XXX theater that night instead but I did at around 10:00pm that night. I had been to this theater before and I knew that the movies were usually pretty good. I paid my money and made my way inside the dark theater standing at the back until my eyes adjusted to the darkness. Once they adjusted I settled into a seat on a row that was about the third from the back and did not have anyone else sitting on it.

The movie was going wide open with some blonde sucking some guy while another guy fucked her from behind. Typical XXX. I settled back in my seat and started enjoying the show. The first movie ended and as the next one began a lot of guys got up and headed out and others came in to take their places. The action in the movie started back very quickly so I paid little attention when a guy sat on the same row as me about five seats down. No big deal but kind of odd with the theater basically empty. 

I began watching the movie again as this girl was sucking this guy for all he was worth. My dick was getting hard and I started to rub it some through my shorts wishing that this guy had not sat on my row so I could jack off. About that time someone came in and started down the aisle and the guy on my row got up and moved down and sat right next to me. I still did not think much about it at that time and placed my attention back to the movie.

The onscreen action continued and all of a sudden this guys hand was on my leg. I was scared to death. My mind was running about a million miles per hour trying to figure out what was going on. I reasoned in my mind that if I just ignored it he would quit and go away so I focused all of my attention on the movie. I guess my reaction of no movement was interpreted by him that what he was doing was okay so he reach his hand over and started stroking my dick through the material of my shorts. After a minute of his rubbing he reached his hand up my pants leg and pulled my dick out the side of my underwear. I looked over at him and he was looking straight ahead watching the movie as he started jerking me off. I could not believe that this was happening to me. 

Sure I had thought a couple of times about what it would be like to do it with a guy but I never really ever thought it would ever happen. This guy has stroked me now to the point I am fixing to blow my load and I did not know what to do so I motioned to him and pointed to the exit sign and he quit jerking me and got up and left the theater. Why I will never know but something inside of me made me get up and follow this stranger out the door after I got my erection back in my pants.

As I left out of the theater area I was not sure where he would be or if I would even see him. I ducked into the bathroom to take a quick leak and he was standing at one of the urinals. He looked to be about my age and had blonde hair and was more muscular than me. As I entered he turned form the urinal and was stroking his dick. It was a lot bigger than my little 6". It looked huge in his hand(it must have been 8" or 9" long and very thick). 

All I could think to say was "That's a nice one." He looked at me and motioned for me to come over to him. Something inside of me said that I was ready, willing and able to try this but I was scared of getting caught in a public bathroom so I said, "Not here" and he buttoned his jeans and we both left out of the theater. Once we were in the parking lot we talked for a minute and he asked me if I would like to come to his house for a while. I agreed and proceeded to follow him home.

Once we got to his house we sat on the sofa in the living room and talked for a minute. It was a nice house and I found out that he had two roommates who were gone out west on a camping trip. After the small talk he asked me if I would like to come back to his room so I got up and followed him.

Once we got inside his room he put his arms around me and started kissing me. I had never even thought about kissing a guy before but it was very sensual. I did not know what to do so as we kissed I brought my hand down to his crotch and started massaging his dick though his jeans. My dick was already hard again. As the kissing continued I fumbled with the buttons on his jeans. One by one I got them undone and started sliding his pants down to his ankles when he broke off the kiss and quickly began stripping off all of his clothes. I followed his queue an immediately stripped too. He at on the bed and invited me to sit next to him. 

Once seated he again kissed me on the mouth as we lay back on the bed. We kissed for several minutes and then I decided that I was ready to take this to the next level as I began kissing my way down his chest. I stopped and teased his nipples as my hand continued down his body. As I kissed around his navel I took his erection in my hand and started slowly stroking it. I had never touched another guys cock before but it seemed like I knew what I was doing. 

As I continued to stroke him I finally had gotten "face to face" with his dick. I reached out with my tongue and gently teased the opening before I touch his dick into my mouth. He was really big and thick but I managed to get several inches of him in my mouth and I began sucking him as I stroked him. He seemed to enjoy this even though I was pretty sure that I was not very good. His moans made me feel good about the job I was doing. After about 5 minutes of my sucking on his dick he stopped me and pushed me onto my back on the bed. 

Even though he had not cum I guess he figured that it was my turn. Maybe he sensed from my sucking that I was inexperienced and decided to take charge of the activity. Whatever the reason he started sucking me and giving me the best blowjob that I have ever had. Granted I am just an average guy in the size department but I swear he sucked me all the way to the base of my dick. He made love to my dick with his mouth like no woman ever has. He was definitely experienced at this and I was enjoying his talents. After a few minutes he had me on the verge of orgasm. When I told him I was fixing to cum I figured that he would pull his mouth off of my dick but he didn't. He took me all the way in his mouth and swallowed every drop of my cum. He continued to suck me until I was completely drained and my dick became soft in his mouth.

Wow! I had just sucked a dick and had a guy suck my dick to the best orgasm I have ever had. I felt totally drained from this and just continued to lie on his bed thinking that it was all over. Well my new friend had other ideas. He reached up and pulled a pillow from the head of the bed and folded it over double. Then he grabbed my legs and lifted my butt off of the bed as he shoved the pillow under my ass. Before I knew what happening he positioned himself between my legs with both of my legs on his shoulders. He was in perfect position to fuck me now. He grabbed both of my legs and pushed them up to my chest and began to rub his hard dick against my asshole. Slowly he started putting pressure on my hole with his dick. 

He tried several times before deciding that it just wasn't going to go in. He reached over to his nightstand and grabbed some kind of lotion and squirted his hand full of it. Then he took his hand and lubricated his dick stroking it four or five times. He then took his lubed up hand and started stoking my asshole. He teased it for a minute then he gently popped in one finger. Slowly he fucked me with that one finger for a minute before he let another one slip inside of me. My asshole was loosening up due to his efforts and he quickly slipped in a third finger. It really felt good with his fingers sliding in and out of my ass. Before I realized that he had pulled his fingers out he was back with his lubed up dick rubbing the head against my now eager asshole. 

After a minute of teasing he gently eased the head inside of me. It hurt for a moment so he just stood still for a second as my body adjusted. Then he slid a little more inside of me and pulled back out. He started a steady in and out motion going deeper in my asshole each time until he was buried to the hilt. I have to admit that it felt good. He continued stroking me with long steady strokes as he leaned forward to kiss me again. 

My dick was hard and I began to stroke it until I was about to blow another load. I told him I was going to cum again and he pulled out of me and went down on my dick and sucked the cum out of me. Once I came he rolled me over onto my stomach and easily slid his dick back in my ass. He started pumping in and out faster and faster this way. I knew that he was going to blow his cum in my ass soon. It felt so good this way I had another hard on that was getting it share of friction against his bedspread from his fucking me from behind. 

After about 5 minutes of hard stroking he came in me with his dick buried all the way. I came again all over his bed. As his dick softened he pulled out of me. That is when I guess I got scared about what had just happened. I got up and started dressing. He wanted to know why I was leaving and I just told him I had to go. 

After I got dressed I left his place and never saw him again. I have always wondered what it would have been like if I had stayed the night with him.