 I have always loved women and sex. My last girlfriend got me thinking about having a threesome and when I finally agreed, we broke up. It never happened. That could have been my only chance to experience sex with more than one partner and I blew it. That was a few years ago and my fantasies never stopped. My favorite porn movies involve threesomes containing 2 men and a woman. I have a pretty advanced porn collection, and I decided it was time to add to it.

One night, I headed down to the adult video store to buy a new dvd. The wall was covered with movies of all kinds, but there was only one style that I was in search of…double penetrations. Then I found the box I wanted with the hot chicks all over it. As I was about to make my purchase, I decided to stop back at the video arcade to check out the new releases. I sat down, put my money into the machine, unzipped my fly and started flicking through the channels. I love porn. As I was in my trans, I did not notice the guy standing next to me. I jumped not knowing what was going on.

“I’m sorry to scare you,” said the stranger “but you have a great cock.” I did not know what was going on and then I realized he was jerking off. His dick was twice as big as mine and very thick. “Can I help you?” I asked the stranger. “Would you like to meet outside?” he said. I quickly zipped my pants, excused my self and left very upset. How could this guy think I was gay. Oh well, I would finish my session at home while watching my new video.

Gay. Never understood it. Women are so beautiful and soft. I love to touch them, suck on their nipples, and eat their sweet pussies. I needed to get back to my world and see all the hetero sex on the video. As the movie starts, a woman is laying on a bed next to two well-built guys, just the way I like it. I was feeling the cum in my balls boiling and I knew I would not last long considering I had a head start earlier. Just then I witnessed something I never saw in a porno. The one guy was on all fours and this girl was licking his asshole! I was shocked. I never saw this before but thought it was fine. The other guy comes back into the picture and is nice and hard. But then…..

The girl guides the guys dick into his buddies ass!!! What the fuck was I watching? I skipped to the next scene and it was the same set up. Then it hit me. I bought a bi-sexual porno. The part that scared me most, is that I think I liked it. I watched these 2 guys go at it for a while and the girl was just there for show. I came so hard that I had to clean cum out of my hair. Now the seed was planted. What would it be like to suck a dick or even more, to be fucked. 

Weeks past and the thought had left me. I had found a new girlfriend and the sex with her was great. I forgot all about the gay sex ideas and got on with life as usual. That is until I called off work one day. I was not sick, just tired of the shit. I thought I would just spend the day on the internet. And that is just what I did. I went to the usual favorite porn sites and a few new ones, but it did not do it for me. I decided to try something new and went to a chat room.

I never chat. Ever. Today I was going to fuck around and see what was going. I found a local room and decided to talk to some people from my area. As I was going through the profile of all the users, I ran into one that caught my eye. It was a picture of a dick, a big long thick dick. I thought that it was computer enhanced because it was just to big to be real. I figured that I would fuck with this guy so I send him a message. “I bet you trick a lot of ladies with your pic” I said. “It is no trick,” he said “it is the real thing.”

Could this guy be serious? I mean, he could easily hide behind his computer. “Would you like me to prove it to you?” was his next message. “And how would you do that?” I asked. Next thing I knew, he said he wanted my address and was going to show it to me. I said sure and gave him directions to my place. It turns out that we were the same age and he only lived about 20 minutes away. I figured that I am a big guy, what bad could possibly happen.

Within about a half hour, I hear a knock on my door. At this point, I am so nervous. Why would this guy drive all the way over here to prove to me that he has a big cock. This is crazy. I let him in and we just started talking. He asked if I had a porno to pop in so he could get hard and prove his point so he could get out of here. I did not pay any attention to what movie I grabbed and it happened to be my bisexual porn. I turned on the movie and sat on the other end of the couch. He pulls out a dick about 4 inches long. No way could that have been his picture, so I thought.

The movie started, and his cock started swelling, and swelling and swelling. I could not believe my eyes. It was his cock all right and it looked awesome. “So you are gay?” he asked me. “No,” I replied “I picked out this movie by accident.” Then he requested to see my dick. I am nowhere near the size of his monster. I have a 6-inch dick that is pretty thick. So I took it out and started rubbing it. I have never been so horny in my life. I looked over at Jeff and he was now completely naked. He tells me that he is bi and his girlfriend has no idea.

I did not know what to do at this point, and I guess I did not need to know. He leans over and grabs a hold of my dick and starts rubbing it. He told me to get naked and I just obeyed him. I now decided that I wanted to try sucking him. It was so big and it looked so good that I had to try it. I did not toy with it, I just but it in my mouth and started to suck his dick and his balls. I was doing it and enjoying it. It was great. He slowly pushed me to the floor and we got into a 69 position. It was truly a great feeling.

I watched him reach for his pants and pulled something out of his pocket. I could not see what it was, nor did I care at this point. I soon found that it was some sort of lube and he was rubbing it around my asshole as he sucked my dick. Now my dick was throbbing and I was scared as hell. What was he going to do next? I was wanted to stop, but the curiosity was killing me.

“Bend over” he said “and spread your ass.” I don’t know why, buy I listened to him. Without warning, he jammed one of his fingers into my ass. I said, “I don’t know about this. I have never done this before.” He told be to relax and started to rub my ass and back. I was relaxed and I felt him rubbing his cock head against my hole. Was I ready to let another man penetrate me? I did not have a choice because as I was thinking about it, he had already put his cock inside of me. I thought that he had ripped me in half as the pain ran through my body. “Relax,” he said, “I will ease it in”. And that is what he did. He was being very gentle and then the pain turned to pleasure.

He felt my change and started to pick up the pace. I now felt myself bucking back against him and his 11 inches was all the way inside of me. I felt just like a girl in one of my pornos. He pulled out of me with out notification and had me lie on my back. This was so wild. I could not believe all this was happening. He puts his cock back into my ass, and starts to suck on my nipple rings. It felt so good. Then the unexpected happened, he leaned forward and began to kiss me. As this was going on, his pace quickened and his thrust got harder. He said he was going to cum.

My next concern was where should this guy cum. I decided to taste it. I always wondered what cum would taste like. He pulls out of my ass and I start jacking him off in my mouth. “I’m gonna cum man”. He tried to pull out of my mouth, not knowing that I was going to swallow his load. Then it happened and with full force. It hit the back of my throat and at first, I thought I was going to gag, but I was able to control it. As I was drinking his cum, it triggered me as well. I came all over myself. Jeff reached down, took all the my cum in his fingers and shoved it into my mouth. 

He got up and got dressed and told me to never again doubt him. That was it. He left and I had my first experience with a man. It was the best sex I ever had and look forward to another adventure. My next experience will hopefully be a threesome and at this point, it could be a girl and a guy or better yet, 2 guys. Either way, I will keep you posted.