 It wasn't just any date night, tonight was the special date night. Kyle and Andre had been dating for three months, and tonight was the night they were going to take it to the next step. 

"I've been waiting for tonight rather impatiently handsome." Kyle said across the table. 

"It's honestly been difficult to get much work done this week. Every time I tried, my mind would wander back to date night." Replied Andre as he slid his foot along Kyle's calf. 

They continued to nibble at their food, both clearly wanted to move on to the rest of the evening, but both afraid to seem too full of lust. 

It had been a week since they had gone to get tested together to make sure this would work. They had taken their results back home and nervously held hands as they read through the results. Both clean and in the clear. It was then that they re-discussed exclusivity and then brought up the idea of taking advantage of that exclusivity and a clean bill of health. 

Between sips of wine, they finished their meal and paid the bill. Kyle rushed to open the cab door and ushered Andre in, following him shortly after. Kyle told the driver how to get to his grad school dorm, and they were off. Andre was self-conscious of displaying their affections publicly, so they stealthily held hands in the back of the dark taxi. Kyle savored these moments, and tucked the memory into his mind for savoring in the future. 

They patiently boarded the elevator in the dorm and rode it to the top, always keeping an air of maturity before them, lest some classmate of Kyle's see something that would shock their delicate mind. As Kyle swiped his key card, everything changed. 

Andre and Kyle burst into Kyle's dorm room, Kyle pressing Andre against the wall as he closed the door behind them. He had one hand on Andres's chest holding him there for a hanging moment as their somewhat drunk eyes held contact. 

Kyle rather sloppily leaned his face down to kiss Andre as he pressed his body against him. They savored the moment, alternating between light pecks and deep, hot kisses. 

Andre grabbed Kyle by his now opened collar and pulled him to the bed, eventually falling backward onto it while pulling Kyle down on top of him. Kyle ripped open the buttons on Andres's shirt, exposing a long splotch of fur reaching from his neck to below his belt. He nibbled on Andres's ear before sliding his tongue down to the side of his neck, eventually making his way further and further down. 

"Take your shirt off, I want to feel your skin on mine." Ordered Andre

Obliging his boyfriend, Kyle pulled off his shirt and slid back on top of his lover, slowly moving his face towards that of his man. They made out for a moment before Andre threw Kyle to the side of the bed and climbed on top of him. He sat on top of Kyle's pelvis and waited, looking down into Kyles eyes and smiling. 

"I've been looking forward to tonight, cowboy."

"As have I, Mountie." Kyle replied. 

While they stared longingly into each other's eyes, Kyle undid Andres's belt, then his button and zipper, and finally reached into boxers and retrieved his boyfriend's uncut cock. He pulled it back and forth and appreciated the foreskin that he, unfortunately, lacked. 

"That feels nice... faster." Andre commanded. 

Kyle eagerly obeyed as he slid his free hand up Andre's chest, grabbing Andre by the shoulder and pulling him down to his face. Andre quickly placed his mouth on that one spot of Kyle's neck, the one that drove him crazy. He loved running his tongue back and forth while feeling Kyle squirm underneath him; his voice shuddering with uneven breaths. 

"I need that cock in my mouth, sexy." Kyle begged as he wrapped his arms around Andre. 

Kyle rolled the two of them over and lowered his mouth to Andres's groin. He licked and teased the foreskin while using his left hand to play with Andre's nipple. Finally, Kyle took Andre deep into his mouth and held it there as Andre grabbed onto his hair, gasping. Kyle went into a frenzy working his mouth and hand all over Andre's dick, switching from steady patterns to frantic and new sensations. 

"Hold on, you're going to make me cum and we haven't even started what we came here to do!" Andre interjected. 

"You're right sexy, I can't do much with your meat if it spends itself first."

Andre pushed Kyle down onto the bead and began to blow him. Meanwhile, he applied some Gun Oil to his fingers and started to play with Kyle's ass. He tickled the rim of his hole before starting with one finger, then two, then three as he warmed Kyle up. Kyle was going crazy, panting like an animal as his body shook in pleasure. 

"You ready babe?" Andre asked. 

"So ready. On your back stud!"

Kyle poured some extra lube onto Andre's cock and pushed a little bit more into his crack. He then mounted Andre and moved the prepared cock onto his prepared hole. He had waited for far too long for this moment and looked down at Andre, locking eyes with him as he slowly eased in the girthy dick. He breathed deeply as it went from tight pain to relaxed pleasure. 

"Ok, slowly now handsome." Kyle said

Andre slowly pulled out and pushed back in. Each thrust was easier and faster than the last. Kyle had never taken a bareback cock before. He was surprised with how much smoother it was, and could feel the steady stream of Andre's precum helping to keep everything lubricated. 

"This cowboy is going to ride you like a bronco!" Kyle declared as he started to rock back and forth. Andre shook underneath him. Kyle reached a hand down and held Andre's face as they rocked together. Andre turned his face into Kyle's hand and kissed it. Kyle stood himself up on his feet while squatting and bounced up and down. He never would have called himself a power bottom, but in this moment he was certainly feeling it. 

"Oh god, slow down sexy. If you keep doing that I'm going to cum!" Andre begged.

"I could do with having your load up my ass my Mountie." Retorted Kyle

"I'd love to, but this is our first time, and I want to enjoy it for a while longer." 

Kyle loved how romantic and sweet Andre could be. He took Andre deep and leaned forward to kiss him. He loved the sensation of having Andre deep inside him while they gently kissed. 

"I want you on top of Mountie, I love to feel your chest on my back." Kyle commanded. 

Kyle pulled him up before lying down and flipping over. Andre lined himself up on top of Kyle's back and slid himself in. Andre propped himself up on his arms and started to hump Kyle like a wild animal. 

"Ugh, I need to keep slowing down, you've got me so close to cumming" Andre cried out. 

"Put your chest on my back and just go nice and slow you beast!"

Andre lowered himself as he slowed down and lay his head next to Kyle's. Kyle loved feeling Andre's breath on his ears between his kisses on the side of his neck. Kyle reached his arm up and grabbed the side of Andres face, gently rubbing it. 

"I want to fuck you face to face. Turn over you beautiful man!" Said Andre

They assumed the missionary position and Andre started slowly at first, building in a ragged crescendo. He reached down and started to jerk on Kyle's rock-hard dick. He leaned back a bit and dripped a long bead of spit down onto Kyle's meat and went to town. 

"Fuck me harder... Oh my God! You're going to make me cum. Don't stop!" Kyle gasped. 

Andre kept pounding and put his free hand down onto Kyle's shoulder, simultaneously pressing down onto Kyle and pulling him ever further toward him. 

"I'm going to cum, keep going!" Kyle declared. 

Andre could feel Kyle's body start to spasm, and his cock felt Kyle's ass tighten as cum began to shoot out from Kyle's dick and onto his chest. 

Kyle was unsure how long it went for, but towards the end of his orgasm, Andre leaned forward and sloppily made out with him. Andre's chest pressed against Kyle's own and picked up much of the cum. 

"That was... just amazing you fucking beast. I've never cum like that. You're so good to me!" Kyle panted. 

"It's the least I could do for what you've done for me handsome."

"Don't stop, I want to see you cum."

Andre started back up again, but first he wiped up some of Kyle's cum and rubbed it onto his own cock. It only took a moment before he was ready. 

"Where do you want me to cum on you Kyle?"

"On? I want you to cum IN me!"

"God damn it that is so hot!"

Andre leaned forward and held Kyle's face with both of his hands while placing his forehead on Kyle's chest. He sped up just enough before he started to lose control. 

"I'm cumming!" 

"Fuck yeah babe, cum inside me!"

Kyle felt Andre's jizz start to erupt inside of him with each thrust. After a dozen thrusts or so, he finally slowed down before stopping. 

"I want you to get soft inside of me stud. Don't pull out yet, I get to enjoy every moment of our first time." Kyle said. 

"Mmmmmm, you dirty boy."

They lay there a few moments, gently kissing and grinding in post-coital bliss. Finally, Andre was fully flaccid and he pulled out. 

They held each other close, face to face, chest to sweaty chest. Andre put his head down on Kyle's chest and let it rise and fall with each breath. 

"You sir, are the sexiest thing I've ever shared a bed with." Kyle whispered. 

"I've never felt like that before. I felt so close to you." Andre responded.

"You're my guy, and you're one hell of a guy."

"We sure are lucky to have each other."

They whispered to each other a dozen compliments and affections before dozing off. They continued to lay on each other, rising and falling with each breath. Not long after, Andre kissed Kyle awake. 

"Everything ok stud?" Kyle yawned. 

"Just thinking... How about round two?" 

It was at that moment that they each felt the other getting hard, though who got hard first was lost in the moment. 

Kyle shifted his legs and wrapped them around Andre before guiding his cock to his hole. 

"Grab the lube would ya?"