 This story has no connection to any real person so don't sue me. Now that I've said that, it's all true. If you're looking for a romantic story, look elsewhere. This story is meant to be hot and tell you what really happened. I'm still fucking him as often as I can.

I met Bobby in college, when he was a sophomore and I was a senior. At 19, he was a skinny athletic boy whose sharp features and handsome face made him very popular with women. His skater hair and incredible eyes could have put him in an Abercrombie catalog. He could have just about anyone of them he wanted. Even now, at 26 and married, he's still chiseled and athletic. 

When I met him, he was an RA in the dorm next to mine. After meeting him we became friends and did rounds together. Women had long been my, "weapon of choice" but I had done some messing around in my past. I had dated and fucked a lot of women in between, but I hadn't messed around with another man in a few years.

But Bobby was different. I was drawn to him. He had that kind of friendly energy that always drew people in. During rounds, and hanging out in our dorm, I would direct the conversation to women he was dating, sex, anything to get more info out of him without risking his suspicion. It wasn't hard; he loved to kiss and tell. He was a self- proclaimed "lip-slut". He'd make out with any co-ed who showed interest. And at college parties, sorority bashes, and after-game keggers, he always found some cute blond to make out with, fingerfuck, or get a blowjob from. And he enjoyed telling me about it too. We traded all the dirty details of our sex life two college guys could tell.

He told me stories of his neighborhood friends and their escapades. Crazy parties and crazier women. It took two years and many girlfriends between us before I got the "real" story.

It took an IM session to get the whole story. I was just out of school starting a new job, and we were talking on the computer. He was 21, still in school. After a few friendly insults, it started:

Him: Hey man, I took that purity test online. What score did you get?

Me: I'm only 36% pure. ;-) What'd you get?

B: Yeah, um I got a 38.

Me: No shit. I thought I had a pretty wild life.

B: Well, I've done a lot of things I don't want to talk about.

Me: I guess, couldn't be any worse than mine. How'd you get such a good score?

B: It was a while ago. I'm not proud of it. I don't even want to talk about it.

Me: Listen, we're friends, if you can't share with me, who can you share with?

B:....>:-/ 

B: Well, you know how I told you about when I was going over to friends houses back home and messing around all the time?

Me: yeah...

B: well, it wasn't always with girls; let's just leave it at that.

Me: Well, that's ok... I mean everybody experiments. I've had my share. [There was a pause from him.]

B: With guys?

Me: [...here goes. HUGE pause] Yes. Only one though. We just messed around sometimes.

B: Well, we did more than just mess around.

Me: Ok. Look, I'm your friend. I'm not going to tell anyone. I have my own secrets I don't want told. 

B: [Another HUGE pause] I had a friend, and it started because I would stay at his house, and his older sister would tease me and give me a hand job, and then she'd leave and I'd be horny as hell. We would just jack off in his room after she went to bed.

Me: ok, no big deal. 

B: Well, then we started to jack off each other. Because it felt good ya know, and no women were around to do it for us. That's pretty much how it started.

Me: I think that's how everyone starts.

B: yeah, well, everything kind of went from there. What did you do?

Me: Same kinda story, no sister though. I guess one night we decided we had to see who was bigger. We got horny. Somebody starts sucking somebody... you get it.

Did you guys have sex? (big pause)

B: ......yeah... 

Me: I bet we know a lot of guys that have messed around with other guys. If they'd admit it, we'd prolly all mess around together.

B: Oh yeah.

Me: If it felt good, how could it be wrong?

B: It was hard because I was so big, it hurt him, so most of the time he did me. (pause) I think I've told too much... you have to swear to secrecy. You can tell no one!

Me: I swear I swear! ...and the same goes for you!

******************

Looking back, I'm thinking he wanted to tell me. 

Well, I was so fuckin excited I was otuching myself while we talked. I couldn't believe it!!! Not only had he messed around with guys, he'd had sex with one! Damn!

We never spoke about our conversation. Then about 6 months later, I was coming to town for a football game, and was going to stay in his dorm room. Since he was an RA, he had the room all to himself. We went out, had a couple beers, and came back to his place. With not much on TV, we changed into the boxers and t-shirts most college guys sleep in. We watched a movie with some hot sex scenes. After, we sat in the dark and talked about other sex scenes from movies we liked. Eventually, I could tell something was on his mind. But I spoke first....

"Bored. Can I get on your laptop?" 

"Yeah go 'head..."

After checking facebook, a couple other regular sites, and feeling brave since our IM discussion, (and the beer) I took a deep breath and went to a porn site I had "borrowed" the password to and started to surf. After a minute or so, he finally looked away from the TV and noticed.

"Hey, what the hell is that? He laughed.

"Oh, just a porn site I like to visit, they usually have good looking people on it, none of that old-porno-star crap."

"Yeah, I think they are pretty nasty, I like them younger. Amateurs are the best." He agreed.

"Me too. Like when real people put up videos with their exes. Here, take over"

Bobby agreed and I slid out of his chair and onto the corner of the bed next to him. He went through categories of sorority girls, teens, young couples, and first times (his favorite). We talked about what turned us on when we found a good one, and I could tell things were heating up. I kept stealing glances at his boxers, and when he started rubbing himself through them, I knew I could get away with slowly jerking myself off through my shorts. Then Bobby threw a curve ball that made my throat dry.

"Sometimes... I look at the guy section, just to see how big they are."

"Yeah. It's cool, go ahead." I whispered. 

All I heard was my heart pounding in my ears. We surfed the guy section, watching hot college guys and twinks jerk their meat. I saw his cock poke out of the leg of his boxers. He was huge! And that is not just a line for a good story, this guy was fucking packed. He had always joked about having this "family curse" but I never believed him. He wasn't even fully hard yet, and I bet it was more than 8 inches long. I watched him quietly swipe the pre-cum off the tip from the corner of my eye. 

We sifted through twinks and jocks, buff guys with monster packages, and smooth swimmer types with round pecks from countless laps. Nothing too hardcore, just enough to get us warmed up. After a while, he'd had enough of watching it. He got up and headed to his bed and got under his blanket.

"Um, I'm gonna go over here and finish off."

"OK" I said, as I took his place.

Knowing this might be my only chance, with fear in my head, and my heart still fucking pounding in my ears, I asked,

"...Do you need some help?" my mouth so dry I felt sand. (Ok, not exactly original, but effective.)

In the dark glow of the monitor, with a brief silence in between, he said, "Sure."

I couldn't believe it! I walked over to his bed and slowly knelt beside it. As I reached under the covers my own cock jerked from the anticipation. With my body shaking from unknown drafts, I reached under, brushing my fingers around his smooth hips, past his "V" muscle and took a handful of his junk. The smooth skin of his thick cock was hot, and I could feel it stretch even more as I touched it. He sighed and lay back on the bed, propping his head so he could watch my hand move with the strokes. His dick was so big, my middle finger didn't even touch my thumb! I could feel every bump and a thick vein ran up one side. His rounded cock head fattened out as I stroked up to it, its skin smoothing and bulging in my hand. I started slow, twisting my hand a little with each pump.

After a while, he started making some noises, and I moved the blanket so I could get a good look at his powerful tool. 

"Jesus, you're fuckin' huge, man." I gasped when I finally got a look at it. He laughed in embarrassment.

"It's not that big. Maybe 10 inches on a good day." He gushed.

"Well shit, if I had 10 inches, I'd never leave the house."

"I had to leave sometime, I ran out of cum." He joked, and we both laughed.

With the ice broken, I turned my attention back to his beautiful, under-valued member. The fat head was a lot wider than his shaft, and his tool was curved a little towards his balls, probably from years of getting huge fucking hard-ons in the middle of class. With deliberate speed, I quickened my pace, and saw he was getting close to cumming.

"If you keep going, I'm going to cum." He whispered, his eyes closed in ecstasy. 

"Ok, I'll slow down."

I played with his balls for a minute, and let him calm down. There was no way he was going to cum this quick! After a bit, I went back to his member, and I squeezed my hand around it like it was my own. Concentrating on the base of his dick, I kept his balls in on the action by rubbing them between my hand and his dick, stretching his sac up his shaft as far as it would go and kneading his balls just enough to caress a couple shivers out of his whole body. He had obviously shaved recently, his smooth dick and balls felt like warm satin in my hands. Slowly, watching his face for his reaction, I leaned in and licked the pre-cum off his thick head. 

He moaned, and lifted his head up to watch me work. At the end of a deep breath he whispered, "Shit, it's been a long time since I had a blow job".

This got me even more excited and after a little light swirling around the head, I tried to take as much of his cock in my mouth as I could. Which wasn't very much. I coated his thick smooth rod with spit, and kept my hand moving as I bobbed up and down on his cock. I flicked my tongue all over his fat pink cock head inside my mouth. He moaned and squirmed, grabbed some of my hair and watched me work. Pushing on my head, I deep throated almost to his balls, his cock filling the back of my throat. Though hard to describe, it felt so good to be sucking his dick. I just wanted to lick it for hours. I stared at his flat stomach, his deep V-muscle making me hard at the sight. 

"Oh fuck that feels good." He moaned into his pillow. "Come up here."

I slid my body slowly onto the bed, and he pushed my hips around next to him and pulled my boxers down to release my hard, shaved cock. It had been waiting for this, and drops of pre-cum were already at the tip. Taking me in his mouth, we 69'ed for what seemed like hours. He was a cock-sucking master, doing things with his tongue and lips that I have never felt a woman do. To be truthful, I don't even know exactly how he does it, but it drove me wild. It feels like his wet tongue and lips are everywhere at the same time, swirling and sucking, licking and stroking all over my cock. It was what I had wanted every blowjob from women to be like. Head, shaft, balls, nothing got overlooked.

I loved the musky scent of him, and he tasted a little soapy and salty. My jaw ached and my tongue was tired, but I kept on, just for the pure pleasure of it. Every time I'd push his fat tool down my throat, there was still a third of it left, I couldn't get it all in before it hit the back of my throat. I turned my head to his hole, lightly licking and flicking my tongue all up and down his quivering asterisk. Each time, pushing a little deeper. I could feel it flex and relax when I hit a good spot. I turned back to his shaft, twisting my hand and sucking hard on his head as I flicked the tip with my tongue.

"Oh god, I'm gonna cum soon." He whispered. 

I told him to go ahead, as I felt my own orgasm rising from my balls. His cum filled my mouth and just the sensation of it pushed me over the edge. Blessed with a powerful orgasm, I shot 4-5 loads into his mouth so hard he couldn't keep up, and my cum slid out from his lips, still stroking and licking my cock. Having never taken someone else's jizz before, I was torn between the two sensations. We collapsed in a heap, but we never let go of each other. After a minute, Bobby spoke.

"Holy shit...."

"Yeah... Did we just do that?" I laughed.

"Yeah, well, to be honest, I'd been thinking about it since we talked on the computer." he laughed.

"How did you know I would still be interested?"

"I don't know. I figured it was something you'd always want a taste of now and then." 

"Fuck... that was incredible!" I laughed, and grabbed his soft but still huge cock in my hand and squeezed it. After a few minutes of lazily running our hands on each other's bodies, Bobby moaned a little and I knew I could get him up for another round. I sucked his thick, tender head in my mouth and licked his slit with just the tip of my tongue. His huge fuck tool was coming back to life. I could feel the heat from the blood filling his cock, and the sensation of it growing in my mouth was incredible. I squeezed my own cock in anticipation. I added some suction to the mix, and he started slowly moving his hips against my mouth. 

"Oh fuck that feels good." Bobby whispered after a minute. 

"Maybe... we should try... something else."

I knew what else he was talking about and my own prick got hard. I twisted my body around so I was sitting at the foot of his dorm's twin bed and decided to spread the attention around. I let his tool flop back on his belly with a slap, and decided to work on his balls and back to his hole.

Moans of pleasure rippled through his body and he shivered like he was cold, even though it was hot as fuck in his dorm room. Spending lots of time on each nut, I sucked and licked each one.

The sounds coming out of his throat were going to arise suspicion from his neighbors -- not that I gave a shit. Being a Saturday night, I didn't think many would be home, and besides, I wasn't the one who lived here!

I decided to go for the gold, and lifted his legs up from the knees as I licked his taint. It smelled like soap, and just the thought of what I was going to do got us both hot. He grabbed his legs behind his knees and I could hear his breathing pick up.

"Oh fuck, I love this!" He whispered hoarsely. Little whimpers escaped his mouth with every other lick. Though I'd teased it earlier, with a deep breath, I dove onto his smooth puckered hole like it was candy. Almost immediately he began to moan, and the sounds got me so fucking hard precum was dripping from my rock hard cock. I could feel his ring contract and relax around my tongue, a feeling I won't forget. Every time he relaxed, I pushed a little deeper, and licked a little wider. It was the first time I had ever done something as risky as licking a guy's hole, but for some reason the pleasure I gave him made me even more fucking horny.

I filled his asshole with spit, and flicked my tongue across it faster and faster. I did circles and figure 8's and even contemplated the alphabet like I did when I went down on a good clit. His asshole was loosening up, and each chance I got I shoved my tongue deeper inside. When I couldn't reach any farther, I tongue-fucked him with all my might. The soft velvet skin inside was a perfect foil to my rough tongue. He squirmed and pushed against me with every deep intrusion of my tongue. I was getting tired, but the sounds he was giving me were worth it, and I couldn't stop. 

He breathed heavily, almost desperately. 

"Oh fuck. Ohhh fuuuuck..."

His huge tool stayed hard the entire time, and I slowly pumped his shaft and tongue-fucking his tight asshole. His balls were bouncing off my forehead I was so deep in his round little ass. Using his pre-cum, I lubed up his thick "family curse". Horny as hell from the smell of him and sucking his fine tool, I moved my fingers from my own cock, and worked on loosening up my hole. It was time.

Kissing and licking my way up his balls and onto his smooth muscled stomach, I sat up and squeezed my knees next to his waist. I whispered into his ear, "I think it's time for something new." He shot me a look like he wasn't quite sure, but it flashed across his face and disappeared when I took a hold of his shiny wet tool and set the tip of his cock at my hole. 

"Wait." 

Bobby stopped and pulled out a bottle of lube, saved especially for jerking off. He squirted some in my hand and I rubbed my asshole and his cock in it, twisting my hand around his cock for added pleasure. I loved the sensation of his fingers lubing up my hole, pressing and sliding past nerve endings not used to being touched by hands. (well, HIS hands anyway.) I could've sat there and let him circle my hole for another hour but I was insatiable, ready, wanting to be fucked by his giant fire hose for the first time.

Neither one of us was ready for the sensations that came next.

Rubbing his cock around my hole, I let him know I was ready, whispering, "Fuck that feels good. Push it in slowly."

He felt my velvet insides for the first time as he broke my virgin seal. Tightening his abs, he lifted his ass off the bed and slowly pushed into me. After a second, his thick cock head popped into my ass, and he stopped just as his slippery shaft hit my ring. 

"Shit, you're fuckin hot inside." He rasped.

I could feel each ridge of veins and wet, lubed skin as he slowly slid his shaft inside me. I flexed and relaxed my ring to make him whimper with lust. His dick felt hot as I slowly impaled myself on his oversized fuck pole. It felt like he was getting thicker and thicker. My mind was racing in ecstasy and my hole was burning, but I couldn't let him stop, it suddenly felt so good. 

"Oh shit, you're so fucking big, oh shit, OH SHIT!" I cried out into his shoulder when he was balls deep, half from the pain and half from the lust of having him inside me. My arms wrapped tightly around his neck.

He held his cock there, both of us not wanting to miss how powerful it felt. I could feel his cock pulse with his lust, and the heat from him inside me made me want more, though there was no way all 10 inches was going to fit. His thickness pushed on all the right places and I felt like I could have cum right there on top of him without moving at all. I could even feel that big vein of his pulse. 

I was hard and dripping pre-cum that I wiped from his belly. My cock was twitching uncontrollably from the sheer ecstasy I was feeling. My balls hummed with anticipation, wanting to cum right then and there. I wrapped two fingers around his cock at my ass, trying to believe this could be real. He started to slowly slide back out again, and the same sensations of his wet shaft sliding out along my ring made my head spin. I couldn't believe it could feel this way. My fingers slid along his cock as he pumped me with slow agonizing strides, each one hitting a new nerve that had never felt a man's cock. My G spot suddenly ached with the need of being rubbed by a thick cock. I squeezed a little each time he dove all the way in, and he moaned from a place in his chest I had never heard a lover moan.

Always wanting to be touching him while we fucked, I slid my other hand up his thin, athletic frame and felt the ridges of his six-pack, flexing with each thrust. I brushed my fingers past each of his tiny nipples that sat on top of his smooth thick pecks, flexed firm and round from pushing my hips on top of his. My hand stopped on his tight shoulders, and I watched him fuck me.
