 Chapter 1: First Touch

When I left home for college, I was 18 years old and totally naïve. I spent most of my high school years trying to get lucky, but I was very shy and just didn't know how to act around women. The sum of my sexual experience included masturbation, porn, and more masturbation, with an occasional date where I wanted to be aggressive, but couldn't get the nerve up to do it. 

I moved to a town about an hour from my parents, and I settled in easily to the partying lifestyle. I rented a house with two roommates, and there was a party every night somewhere, just like in any typical college town. 

One afternoon during the first few weeks of class, a guy that went to the high school I had attended called and said he had a job interview in the town I was in, and he needed a place to crash for a couple of days. He was 23, and I had been a friend of his younger sister's in school, so I knew him somewhat, but we were not close friends. I gave him directions, and told him he could stay in the house if he bought some beer - none of us were legal yet to buy it on our own, and he was more than happy to help us out.

He arrived in the afternoon, and we made a beer run first thing. My housemates and I proceeded to get wasted, and we had a blast playing drinking games until the after midnight. After several hours of partying, I told him that I was going to crash and headed off to my bedroom, which was located at the far end from the rest of the bedrooms in the house. 

Bert was going to sleep in the extra bed in my room, so I crawled into my bed wearing my tshirt and BVDs, and just before I turned out the light, he came in with another six-pack of beer and some porn magazines. I was a little surprised, but this was XXX porn, and all I had was a stash of soft core mags. He asked if I wanted a beer and a magazine to look at, and of course I was all for it!

He handed me a beer and a magazine, and sat on the other bed. Neither of us talked for a long time, and I for one was intent on what I was reading (and I was steadily sipping the beer). It was pretty high quality XXX porn, and I was really getting into the pictures, especially the ones that showed blowjobs.

Before long I realized that Bert was sitting on the floor beside my bed looking over my shoulder at the pictures that I was so absorbed in. We made a few comments as I turned each page, mostly about how hot the women were or the positions they were using. I finally turned to a photo that showed a hot blonde giving head to a huge cock.

Bert said: "Blowjobs sure feel good, don't they?" 

"Umm.....I don't know." I replied. 

He proceeded to ask me some questions about my sexual experiences, and I was embarrassed but told him the truth- that I hadn't done anything except for kissing and making out, and occasionally copping a feel from a girl. He told me that there was nothing to be ashamed of, there was plenty of time to learn and explore, and then he asked me a few more things. 

"Bill, do you masturbate?" was his next question. 

"Umm...yes I do." was the only reply I could stutter out. 

He asked me how big my cock was, and I just mumbled that I didn't know (even though I had measured it at just under 9 inches, but was embarrassed to say so). Casually, he asked if he could see it real quick, just to compare it to his, so I said something like "ok, I guess so". I lifted the covers a little, and lifted the waist on my underwear for about 2 seconds, then I covered up again, embarrassed. He told me it looked very nice, and that women would love it one day. A few minutes later, he suggested that I would probably be more comfortable without tight underwear on, and I thought about it and decided he was right. I slid my underwear off under the covers and I have to say it was much more comfortable. 

After a few more sips of beer and a few more pages of porn, he asked if he could see my cock again, because he didn't get a good look at it the first time. I was wrapped up in the porn, and I shrugged my shoulders and nodded my head. He lifted the blanket up, and threw it to the side, and there I was, very erect, veins standing out, twitching as I looked at the pictures. He told me again that it looked very nice, and that he was sure once ladies saw it they would love it. I didn't know how to react to that. For a few minutes after that, I laid there absorbing the pictures, and he was looking at my cock, the porn, and my cock again. 

He asked me how often I masturbated, and I confessed that I did it a couple of times every day. Bert told me that was normal, and all guys did it, whether they admitted it or not. Next, he asked me how I masturbated, and all I could think to say was that I did it the normal way. When he asked me what that meant, I didn't have any answer, and he asked me to show him, to see if I did it the same way he did. Without really thinking about it, I reached down and stroked myself a few times, arching my back up toward my hand, holding my cock just under the head. He watched very intently, then I realized what I was doing and stopped, kind of abruptly. Bert smiled, and said that looked exactly like the way he did it. He thanked me for showing him, and I mumbled something and went back to looking at porn. 

Bert finally asked me if he could touch my cock, to see how hard it was- he said it looked very hard, and he was just curious. I guess I was feeling pretty good, and the porn had me pretty excited, so I told him to go ahead. He sat up, leaned toward me, and I felt his hand touch my cock....I couldn't help but moan when he did, and my cock twitched and swelled up. This was the first time my cock had ever been touched by someone else, and I couldn't believe how good it felt, even though I tried to act cool about it. His fingers touched me very lightly, and he ran them from the tip to the base while I squirmed around. Bert said I got harder than he did, and then he just left his hand lying on my thigh. I went back to the porn magazine, trying to calm myself down. 

While I lay there, he kept talking to me, about the women in the pictures, the cocks in the pictures, the cum, everything. After a few minutes, I felt his hand on my cock again, and I didn't object. He was running his fingers up my cock, tracing the veins with his hands, and eventually he wrapped his hand around me. I was having trouble staying still, and he seemed to be enjoying himself. Eventually, he asked me if I wanted a blowjob, so I would know what one was like when a woman did it for me. In the state I was in, it didn't take me long to blurt out "YES!". 

Bert smiled, then moved down the bed, still kneeling on the floor. He pulled the blanket completely off me, and asked me to take off the t-shirt I had on, then he held my cock by the base and looked at it, complimenting me on the veins again. Finally, he bent down and licked the side of my shaft, very lightly, and ran his tongue up from the base to the top. I thought I would pass out!

Finally, he leaned over my cock and ran his tongue around the rim of the head, while he held the base with his hand. My cock was so swollen, and every inch of my body felt alive as he slid the head of my cock into his mouth. He was sliding down my shaft very slowly, letting me feel every bit of it as he sucked. I was lifting my hips off the bed, arching my back toward his mouth, and moaning, while he sucked and played with my balls at the same time. As he got faster, I got louder, and finally I told him I was going to cum. Bert held my cock by the base, stopped, and told me to lay back and enjoy it. 

As I started to cum, Bert moved his mouth up and down my cock faster. I tensed up, pushed into his mouth, and started to shoot the biggest load I have ever shot into his mouth. He kept going, taking all the cum, squeezing my cock til I was finished, then he licked it off the shaft and head. I lay there breathing heavy for a few minutes, while he held my cock, then he asked me if I liked it. 

I have to say I was quick to answer "YES!". He laughed, and told me that he enjoyed doing it, and that I had a very nice cock. After that, he asked me to sleep nude the rest of the night, and went to his bed and turned out the light. I laid there awake for a while, trying to comprehend what had just happened. 

I'll write the rest of the story soon....let me know if you enjoyed this!