 Eli

I opened my eyes, saw a sleek black dresser, and had no idea where I was. Sunlight was streaming through the big window. Someone was snoring. Greg.

Everything flooded back to me. The speeding car ride. My finger in the Bailey's. My fear. Greg's agonizing slowness. His mouth on my cock. The amazing grunting noises he made when he was inside me. 

I turned slightly to stare at Greg. His broad back faced me; his hair was mussed. I peered over at his face. He looked totally peaceful. His mouth He looked totally peaceful. His lips were relaxed and slightly parted as he breathed softly in his sleep.

God, that was the most incredible night of my life. I should send my cousin flowers or something for introducing us. Forget flowers. Something bigger, like a car or a house.

There was something I was supposed to remember from last night. Something he said as I was falling asleep maybe? I couldn't remember what.

I got up very slowly, carefully, and quietly. I wasn't crazy about the idea of putting my fancy suit back on, but it was all I had. I started to pull up my pants and my keys jangled.

"Morning, sexy." Greg's voice was sleepy.

I had my pants almost all the way up and I froze, not sure what to do. I'm not sure what my expression looked like. I'm guessing it was sort of 'walk of shamer gets caught', because Greg laughed. 

"Hey," I said.

"Would you like something more comfortable to put on?" he said pointing toward a drawer. "Shorts or something?"

"Ah, yeah." 

"Or you could just stay naked," he said and reached out toward me. "Yeah, I like that idea better. Naked."

I stood there, my pants almost up to my hips, not sure if I should pull them up that last little bit or not.

"Come here, baby," he said. He sat up a little bit and opened his arms. I left my pants where they were and held them up with one hand as I walked over to him.

He hugged me, burying his head in my upper chest.

"You feel so good. How can you feel so good?" I whispered. 

Greg just chuckled. He playfully pulled me over him onto the bed and my pants fell halfway down, because I hadn't fastened them.

"Are you a morning sex person? Or an I have to have coffee before I can fool around person?" Greg asked me.

Oh God, I didn't know. I started to blush. How inexperienced could I possibly be?

Greg put a hand on my lower back and ran a quick hand over one side of my ass and down my leg.

Fuck yeah.

Then my stomach growled.

"I guess you're a breakfast before sex person," Greg said.

He pushed me off him and got up.

Wait! I wanted to say. No, no. I'm a Greg before breakfast person. But of course I was too shy. He was already walking to the dresser. I admired his backside.

"Here. Put these on." He threw me a pair of shorts that were actually a pair of dark grey sweats that had been cut-off mid-thigh level. I pulled them on and tightened the drawstring. They were amazingly soft. I realized that he must have worn them and washed them hundreds of times to get them this soft. It was a turn-on wearing something that was a favorite of his.

"They look good on you," he said. He strode toward me with that hungry look in his eyes. "Maybe I can train you to wait for breakfast."

There was a loud knock at the door. 

"What?" Greg said.

"You expecting someone?" I asked.

He shook his head and put on a robe. He went to the door. 

I tip-toed down the short hall and peeked in the living room. 

Greg was standing in the open doorway. A gorgeous, over quaffed blond man was asking Greg for some papers. My cheeks got hot. Was it a lover who left something here?

"I told you maybe I'd stop by on Sunday," the blond said.

"Yeah," Greg said. "I just didn't think it would be so early, and I thought you would call first."

Greg turned around and went through the dining area into what must have been his office. He left the front door open, probably so it wouldn't seem like he was shutting it in this guy's face. The guy let himself in and walked into the middle of the living room. He turned around to take the place in, so as soon as he got the hallway, he saw me, watching him from the shadows.

"Oh-ho," he said and jumped a little.

Shit. I didn't think about what it might mean, to have someone Greg knew see a guy coming from what was obviously the bedroom area in just a pair of shorts.

"Are you one of Greg's students?" My face burned hot. I shook my head furiously. 

Greg came back into the room with a stack of papers. "Found it."

"Hey, Howard." Greg smacked the papers against the man's chest. "Stop staring. I see you met my friend."

I shook my head again. Greg was talking to Howard, but still I hadn't met him so the headshake seemed natural to me.

Greg came and took my wrist and pulled me forward. "Howard, this is my  friend, Eli. Eli, this is Howard."

Howard looked me up and down. He stuck his hand out, and I automatically stuck my hand out to shake it. 

"I can't stay," he said. "I'm on my way to church. I'm sorry to have dropped by so early, it's just that it's on the way."

"Nice to meet you," I said.

Howard nodded. He bobbed the papers up and down. "We are going to discuss this, Greg." Howard walked to the door, but then looked over his shoulder at Greg for one parting shot. "Assuming your boy-toy doesn't wear you out."

"Fucker," Greg said good-naturedly after he shut the door. "Now where were we?" He turned to me and I'm not sure what he saw in my expression, but he didn't like it. I turned and walked back to the bedroom, thinking maybe I should just leave.

"Hey," Greg said. "Hey, hey."

I looked around the bedroom like I couldn't decide what to do first. Put my dress shirt on?

"Hey," Greg said again. He grabbed me and pushed me up against a wall. "What's bugging you?"

"You and him," I jerked my head toward the front door. "I mean... you..." I looked down. I had no claim to Greg. None. I had no right to be jealous. 

"Me? With him? No. Eli. Hey, no." He tilted my head up so I looked at him. "Never. We went out on one date, when he first came to the University four years ago."

I put my hands over my middle - trying to cradle the awful empty feeling that plummeted into the pit of my stomach.. Greg took my wrists and held them up against the wall on either side of my head.

"Listen to me Eli," he said. "He punctuated each point by taking my wrists and slapping them back against the wall gently. "Never." Bam. "Slept." Bam. "With him." Bam.

Of their own accord, my hips surged toward him. He pressed me into the wall, using his hips to capture mine. Greg nuzzled my neck.

"Is that what bothered you?"

Yeah. But I'm not going to say that. "A lot of things bothered me I guess."

"Listen, Eli, I've had lovers. But I don't have any that I'm casually fucking. I don't have a love trove of guys who think it's okay to just come over and get a booty call. I'm not seeing anyone and I'm not going to see anyone else while I see you."

Greg dropped my wrists. "I want to give this thing a chance," he said. "So I'm not going to see any other guys while I..." he ran a hand down my side and my whole body leaned into him. He chuckled. "While I give this a chance to bloom. Okay?"

I nodded.

"That jealousy thing is kinda cute, though."

I blushed.

"Was that the only thing that bothered you?" Greg let me go. When I didn't answer him right away, he nodded his head toward the door and walked into the kitchen. I followed him. 

"The whole thing bothered me," I said. "He, I don't know, he rubbed me the wrong way or something. I was worried that maybe people didn't know you were gay at school, and that it wouldn't look good."

Greg scrunched up his nose. "Whatever. I have tenure, they can think whatever the hell they want. I'm not a flaunter, but I'm not a hider either."

"He asked me if I was one of your students."

Greg whipped around to look at me. "He what? The little shit."

"Yeah," I said, and looked down at my feet.

Greg put down the carton of eggs he was holding. 

"I don't date students. Just so you know. That was a shitty thing to say."

"I thought so too, but... I guess I get where he's coming from." I gestured to myself. "I look like a well-fucked teenage Howdy Doody."

Greg laughed. "You do not." He pulled me to him. "Well, maybe the well-fucked part. Are you well-fucked?"

"Better than ever before," I said and we both laughed.

"Do you like omelets?"

"One of my favorites," I said.

"Good, because it's one of my specialties."

Just another way we fit.

"Come on, you can wash the yellow peppers and the tomatoes while I crack eggs."

I had more fun over breakfast than probably any meal I'd ever had. Just being there. I looked down at my empty plate and played with my fork.

"What?" Greg said.

"What, what?" I asked.

"What has you looking forlorn and playing with your pretend food?"

I shrugged. "Nothing. This was a great breakfast. It's an amazing holiday weekend. I just want it to last."

"One second at a time, Keemosabe. Or Howdy Doody. Or Mad Lib."

I smiled at him. 

"Not that I see you that way, of course. I see light striking off the hundreds of shades of light grey of your hair, and pearly luminescent almost white of your skin, and darker grey of your lips, and I see a masterpiece better that's better than any artist could ever capture."

It wasn't right to like a guy this much when you only met him the day before. But what was I going to do? He was right. Carpe diem and all that. I had to just live with it.

"How about we take a shower together?"

Oh. That will be new. Carpe diem indeed. I nodded my head. Maybe a little too enthusiastically, because he laughed.

Greg's bathroom was like everything else in his place. New, modern, black, grey, and white. He adjusted the water. I watched the robe glide over his back and butt as he moved. He took off his robe and threw it on the back of the toilet. Greg crouched in front of me and grazed his teeth over the side of my belly. He opened the drawstring, and pushed one side of the shorts down, rasped his teeth on the part of my hip he'd exposed.

The shorts were basically caught on my erection. Greg looked up at me and smiled. He took the waistband of the shorts in his teeth and pulled out and then slowly pulled the shorts down.

"Now you're just showing off," I said.

Greg caressed my dick and I groaned. "I think  you're  showing off," he said.

He stepped in and held out a hand to me. I got in with him. As soon as he closed the shower door it was like we were in our own little world. There was the sound of the pounding of the water hitting the tile and the fresh warmth from the steam rising around us. Greg squirted shampoo in his hands and motioned for me to turn around. Then his hands were in my hair, massaging, rubbing, working in the shampoo. 

"Gaahhh...ooohh," I said.

He laughed. "How come you don't make that sound when we're in bed?"

"Um, 'cause you're not rubbing my head like this when we're in bed?" I asked. "Is that a trick question?"

Greg laughed again. The shampoo smelled like green tea and apples. Greg had one of those fancy showerheads that came off the wall. Something I didn't have at home or had at school.

He held my head back, protecting my face from the water with one hand while he held the showerhead close and rinsed my hair with the other.

"That's two luxuries I don't have at home," I said when he'd finished.

"What?"

"Ah, moveable showerheads and personal hair wash guy."

He chuckled. 

"The only one who ever washes my hair is the old Korean lady in the chair thing at the hairdresser's, and when she does it, it doesn't feel like this."

Greg kissed my neck. "No?"

"No."

"Does it feel like this?" He fit my body to his, clamped one arm around my chest, ran a hand down my side.

I shook my head. Suddenly I was struggling to catch my breath. Greg's body was so slick up against mine, electricity shot through me and one word roared in my head. 'Need.'

Greg bit my earlobe softly. He soaped up his hands and then went back to holding me the same way, my back to his front, my ass snuggled up to his hips so I could feel his erection pressing firmly against me. 

"We fit," I whispered. I didn't think he heard me over the water but he must have.

"Yeah, baby. We fit. We fit perfectly."

Greg took one soapy hand and wrapped it around my cock. "Put your hand over mine," he said, his voice low and growly through the sound of the water. I did. The absolute weirdness of feeling another man's strong hand between my own and my cock completely at odds with how amazingly right it felt. Staring down at both of our hands was more erotic than I possibly could have imagined.

Greg turned my head around so he could kiss me. The kiss matched the stroking, slow, languorous. Then he let go of my face and went back to kissing my neck. The combined anonymity of having him behind me and yet knowing it was him was a huge turn on.

"Set the pace," Greg said. 

I shook my head.

He stroked my cock, long and slow. "Show me," he said. "Show me how you'd do it if you were alone."

I shook my head again.

"Why are you shaking your head, hon?"

"I want you to lead," I whispered.

"What?"

He put his ear to my mouth. "You," I said. "You. I want you lead."

"I am leading," he said.

"Totally," I said. I surprised myself. I wasn't even sure what I meant by that. He kept stroking my cock with that same rhythm and I ground my ass back into him. "When you had my wrists pinned to the wall, it was so hot," I whispered.

"You liked that?"

I nodded furiously. Greg started to pump his fist slightly faster and I bit my bottom lip.

"What else do you like?"

"You," I said. "Just you."

He stilled his hand completely. 

Ah, fuck.

Suddenly I was aware that I was panting. 

"What. Else."

I didn't know what to say. I loved everything. He gave my cock a firm squeeze.

"Answer me, Eli. What else do you like?"

"I like it when you blow me," I whispered. "I love it when you're behind me like this, and you have your hand on my cock, and my hand's around yours, and you're stroking me. Please, Greg, please. Don't stop. I like this. This. I like this."

He resumed the stroking and my body arched into his. 

"I like when you set the pace," I said. "I like when..." My eyelids fluttered as my sentence drifted off.

Greg gripped my hair and yanked my head back.

"What?"

That.

"When what?" Greg asked. "You like it when what?"

Except my throat constricted. All I could do was moan. My whole body was hot. Steaming. Everything was magnified. The hard ridge of Greg's cock behind me, the feel of my palm against the back of his hand, the pressure of being so close to the edge.

Greg slowed his stroking and I whimpered.

"You like it when what?"

I braced my hands against the cool, white tile wall and the glass door and opened my legs further, because I was worried without bracing and the wider stance I'd have trouble standing.

"I like it... when... you..." but then his stroking picked up speed and I was grunting, not speaking. "You. You. You."

He turned us slightly and then the water was pouring down onto my chest and my cock.

I tried to say, 'I like it when you take control.' But then I was coming, shooting up and out into the water and over my hand. I half collapsed and Greg held me up.

"I guess I'll just have to figure it out," Greg said in my ear, his voice sounding like a low and sexy purr. Greg soaped his hands up and washed my whole body, quick strokes that were tender and efficient. 

The water got slightly colder. Greg adjusted it so it was warm again. He hugged me to him and his erection pressed tightly against my belly. "You are so sweet, Eli. You have no idea. So, deliciously damn sweet."

I nodded into his shoulder. 

Greg bit my neck and suckled. He pulled away for a minute and shampooed, soaped, and rinsed himself quickly, all the while making sure I was still in the warm spray. He flung his hair out of his eyes. Then he gave me a hug. He was holding me to him when he said, "Well, baby, you ready to get out of the water?"

I nodded and shook my head at the same time. So I ended up bouncing my chin against his shoulder in jerky motions.

"I don't know what that means," Greg said.

"I want to stay in here forever," I said.

"We don't have condoms in here," Greg said.

"And I'm totally ready to get out."

Greg chuckled.

He dried me with care, which was wonderful because I hate drying myself. I'll walk around half dripping sometimes because I'm too lazy to towel off thoroughly. Then he used the towel like a rope around my midsection to pull me toward the bed.

"So," I said, suddenly nervous and awkward again, staring at his erection. I bit my bottom lip. I had no more words to add anyway.

"That's fucking sexy when you bite you lip like that, baby," Greg said. He kissed me and pulled my bottom lip between his teeth. "But then everything about you is sexy."

Just like that, my nervousness went away. "I'm awkward, and geeky, and inexperienced, and you're like this happy tiger with a favorite meal."

"Uh-huh," Greg said. He pushed me down on the bed. "And hungry. Very, very hungry."

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. Copyright belongs to MJ Roberts 2014. Please do not reproduce without permission from the author. 



Dear Reader,

If this story tickled you, then please be so kind as to honor me with a high five. It's only a mouse click away.

I love to hear from readers. (PG comments only please.) I read every note and welcome corrections, suggestions, and positive feedback. 

You can leave a public comment or use the contact tab on my author page to get in touch with me. I really want to know what you think. It just takes a minute.

I tend to put up chapters as I think they should go together, but sometimes they just come up as I write them.

If you want to read more about any specific characters, please let me know. 

Enjoy!

I look forward to hearing from you.

Thanks, sincerely;

MJ

