 This is a true account the first time I gave another man a blowjob. I was recently divorced, in my early 50s and had never been with another man. I traveled a lot on business, and many of those trips took me to St. Louis, where this happened.

I had a routine trip this time. I arrived midday and drove directly from the airport to a video arcade across the river in East St Louis. I had been introduced to this area by some customers who wanted to go to the strip clubs after dinner on one of my early trips to St Louis. I went to the arcade during each trip. At first it was just to watch porn in the cubicle, the atmosphere so different to doing it at home. Then I got curious and started peeking through the peepholes, using a tissue drape so that I wouldn't be seen or watched. I had never thought I would want to watch a guy jack off, but soon that became the main attraction, and it developed from there.

One day, I watched a guy sitting, watching porn and jacking off; without any concern that he may have being watched. I was watching and realizing that my mind was thinking that I would probably enjoy sucking my first cock. He had a beautiful tool; it looked about seven inches, fairly thick and uncut. As I was thinking about the possibility of me someday sucking my first cock I saw him tense up and shoot three or four strong streams of cum straight up in the air. It seemed like they must have landed back on him and I was trying to watch his last few spurts.

I suddenly realized that he was looking directly at me. I tried to watch without being seen but I was so horny and had been so into watching him cum that I had not been very discreet. I backed away from the sliding hatch and decided to jack myself to orgasm quickly. I was just reaching orgasm when I saw his cock push through the hole. It was so wet and still hard with cum dripping from under his foreskin.

I looked at it and kept jacking myself off. I was about to spit on my hand to lube it when I thought of using his cum for lube. I reached down and squeezed his cock from the base to the tip getting a nice amount of cum on my hand. As I rubbed it on my cock it felt so good, I gave myself about three strokes and knew I was close to cumming. I don't think I have ever been so horny in my life. I looked to the side and his cock was still there, still hard and dripping. I couldn't help myself. I dropped to my knees and gently sucked his foreskin and tip into my mouth.

For the first time ever I had a cock in my mouth! It felt so dirty and different to anything I had ever had in my mouth. I sucked more of it into my mouth and rolled my tongue around it and felt it growing bigger and harder. My other hand was on my own cock, stroking slowly. I knew I could cum at any minute but knew that I would probably not continue sucking this first cock of mine after I came, so I held back. I wanted to see how far I could go with this.

I knew what I liked and was doing to him what I would have wanted done to me. The best part of this for me was pulling his foreskin over his head and running my tongue around under his foreskin. His cock was throbbing and leaking precum so I knew he was about to cum again. I forced him to the back of my throat till it wouldn't go any further then pushed my head forward suddenly to force it down my throat. It was the strangest feeling and must have felt good for him because he ground forward as I pulled back and the first spurt of cum hit my tongue before I could get his cock out of my mouth.

I kept jacking him and he shot three streams over my shoulder. I was so horny that I wrapped my mouth around it again and took the rest of his load in my mouth. I hadn't deliberately swallowed but some had gone down my throat. It didn't taste bad at all! I knew it wouldn't because I had tasted my own many times. I was close to cumming so I spat his cum into my hand and rubbed it over my cock and balls then stood up and jacked off hard. When I stood I saw another cock sticking through another hole behind me. Someone had obviously been watching the whole show and wanted to join in. I was too close to cumming so I turned and came directly on this strangers cock. He pulled back and when I looked through the hole he was standing up and furiously jacking off. His cock was covered with my cum.

He looked down and saw me watching but just continued fast stroking and looking directly at me. I was so close to the action and the thrill of watching had kept me hard. I saw he was about to cum and stayed right at the hole when he turned and shot his spunk through the hole. Four shots hit my face; both cheeks and chin were covered in cum. I licked my lips and wiped off the excess ready to jack myself off again. It didn't take me long before I was cumming again. My hand was covered in cum from myself and the two strangers. I brought my hand to my mouth and licked as much as I could off I had to clean up before I left. I had to take off my boxers to wipe my face and clean my hands. I threw them in the corner, got dressed and left quietly, not seeing either of the strangers on my way out. It was my first time sucking cock; but it wouldn't be the last!