 Gay story First but not the last time. Part one.

This is my first attempt at writting a story. I hope I get some feed back. Also some good pointers as to improving the next part. Involving John as well as Pete. At the time this new experience happened to me I had just realised what it was like to play with myself, to rub my cock and get the first feelings of cumming. So on with the story.

This Really is a true story that happened when I was 18 years old. I was always a bit adventurous so I guess that is why my life at that time changed. It all started with wanting a new first bicycle so I had to get a job to pay for it. I was already delivering news papers but I wasn't getting much money for doing this.

We had a mobile greengrocer ( horse and flat tray dray.) which used to call on most houses around my neighbourhood selling his wares. I asked 'Pete' (one of the two men that owned the Business) if he wanted some help and could I get a job with them. Yes was his answer. He needed some one to help with the round and selling the goods. All went well. I was saving for my bike at last.

After the rounds were done he\we would unload the tray and put all the green grocery in the cold room. After it was all put away he would pay me each day. He had a good personality and made me feel good to be with him. We used to joke around etc. After everything was put away and I'd been paid he would insist that I cleaned up before going home. So I used to strip of to my waist and have a wash then get dressed. 

One day after I had washed Pete offered to tuck in my shirt for me. When he tucked in the front he touched my cock and said 'it was quite nice for a 18 year old'. He then turned me around and tucked in the shirt tail and touched me cheeks of my bum. Then he touch my hole and made me flinch. He said ' did you like that' and I said 'yes in a funny sort of way.'Then he asked me if anyone else had touched me there. I told him ' No of course not'. He asked if he could touch it again and I said why?. He then said it was a nice soft bum and would like to touch it one more time. So I said O.K. He slid his hand again in back of my trousers and rubbed his hand all over my cheeks and worked his finger to touch my hole, (actually i was beginning to like it,) He noticed this and told me i had a lovely bum and said he liked playing with it. He then tried to push his finger into me, I said that it was to small to do that, and he told me that I could fit a cucumber in there with ease and I would like it, and I said that it would never fit because it was to small a hole.

He bet me 10 shillings that he could do it and I would enjoy it. He also told me that if I wanted, he would prove it. I said how. He then said, " for ten shillings he would show me. I agreed to it. He told me to bend over the bench and undo my trousers and try to relax which I tried to. I felt him rub something soft and greasy on and into my hole, then he slowly put his finger into me. He then put another finger in me , all the time asking me if it hurt.I said just a little but it was a nice hurt. I began to like the feeling and I told him so.Pete then said that he knew that I would and that I was ready, for the cucumber. He warned me that he was now going to try the cucumber, which he greased and showed it to me. 

He gently started to ease it into me and it started to hurt, he told me to relax and Push hard as though I was straining to have a crap which I did and I felt it go in. I could really feel it going in deeper. He took a long time to get it in, he was very gentle. All the time stroking my cheeks and gently rubbing my ball sack He told me that it was in about 7 inch's. He then started to move it in and out and told me that this what I would feel if I was being fucked whith a cock. He continued to push it in and out of me then said he would take it out to give my hole time to relax and he would then put it back in again. I agreed to this and said that it felt good and asked him to put it in again. He said he would and I felt it start to go in again BUT it felt different and softer. I asked him what he had put in this time, he then told me he had slipped his penis inside of me. I told him that it felt much better than the cucumber and that I was liking it. 

It felt much bigger than the cucumber, much softer but hard at the same time. He started to fuck me gently at first then picked up the pace. He then started to say such things like. " you have a lovely tight boy pussy hole " and that he had always wanted to fuck me. He then put his hand around me and started to play with my cock. I was really hard. He asked me if I liked him fucking me and I told him YES. He said he would do some thing for me after and that would it make us fuck buddies. 

He then started to really fuck me. He started to groan and say lot's of things then said quite loud " Oh fuck I'm Cuummming and he began pushing very hard, as though he wanted to get more into me. He was really fucking me fast. he then gave two or three very hard pushes then shot his spunk right up in me. I felt him start to jerk then thrust deeper into me two or three more times then lent forward and rested on my back covered in sweat. I felt him gradually get smaller and pulled out of me. I felt his spunk ooze out of my hole. He picked up some tissues and stopped it from running down my legs. Whilst he was doing this he started to play with my penis.

He then surprised me by putting it in his mouth and started to suck me. I was really loving it But I didn't last long. I Started to cum and he kept sucking until I went soft again. He asked me if I liked what he did and I told him yes but I was a bit worried when he started but liked it very much when he put his cock in me. I told him that I also liked him sucking my cock.

After I said that he asked me if I would I like to suck his cock to which I said yes. But I had never done it before and didn't know how to. Pete then quided My head down and told me to do what ever I wanted to. I just licked it at first Then opened my mouth to try to get it in. That is when I realised how big it was and wondered how he got such a big cock in my ass hole. I thought I'd try and do it good because of what he did for me when he sucked me. I kept pushing his cock deeper into my mouth and felt it touch the back of my throat. Pete then started to push it in and out of my mouth and felt it go past the back of my throat. It felt as though it was touching my stomach. My eyes were watering and the tears were running down my face. Not from pain But from the continuous thrusting of his cock. I felt him start to jurk and he said " Oh fuck I'm going to cum again", he said things like "Don't stop sucking, swallow it" then I felt big gobs of spunk shoot into my throat and I swallowed most of it but some of it came out side of my mouth. But I didn't waste any.

I then told Pete that, that was good and that I liked the taste of his spunk. He then said "did I want us to be Fuck Buddies and I said yes we were now fuck buddies. he then told me and he would let me do it to him anytime I wanted to. He also promised to do it to me whenever I wanted. Then asked if he could fuck me again. I told him YES, But not any more today because it still felt a bit sore. I sugested that we do it after the rounds tomorrow. because the storage room was a safe place. He suggested that the next time we could do it in the stable on the hay bails. He then made me promise not to tell anyone and that he would help me get my bicycle quicker. Which he did one week later.

He fucked me three more times that week. then told me that I was the best boy fuck he had ever had, then Surprised me by asking me if I would let John ( his partner) come and watch us next time.

I said that it would be O.K. as long as no one else was there. To be contnued:-

will submit the next part if you think this story is worth it.