 FOR THE MOST PART. THIS IS A TRUE STORY. IT'S MY FIRST LITEROTICA STORY, SO BE NICE, ENJOY, GIVE ME FEEDBACK. THANKS GUYS.

I am a fiend for masturbation. I like to fuck, but it's hard to find pussy without commitment. I would normally masturbate online in this wonderful digital age. I used to go on yahoo and pretend to be a girl named Jenny who was the biggest slut imaginable. I got so turned on describing to guys in chat rooms how good it felt to suck their dicks and take their cum that I started to get a little curious. 

I set up a new ID and made myself a slutty little profile that would turn on a gay guy the same way Jenny did the straight boys. Sexual innuendos and double entendres. I went into the gay chat rooms and started my hunt. 

"Hey room, 20/m 5'9 160 brown, brown built, 8 cut" I typed. 

I learned from the guys IM-ing Jenny how to put it as concise as possible. I was immediately bombarded by IM's. Dirty ones. From guys of all ages. They were way too detailed and graphic for what I wanted in a first time. I didn't want anal, I just wanted to suck. I mean, anal... if I'm feeling comfortable I might, but I wanted my choice guy not to have high expectations of what he would get so that I could still bitch out if I had to.

The men in the chat rooms sent me such hot offers but I couldn't get myself to do it. I chickened out and jerked off. Every time.

Then one day someone contacted me from searching profiles. His name was 'TopGuy'. His profile said he was 40 and he had a hot picture of his cock sticking straight up. 

"Hi." he typed.

"Hi... nice cock" I responded

"Thanks, do you have a picture of yours?" he asked.

I looked around online and found one that looked like mine. No face on the pic. I sent it to him.

"That's a hot cock you got there yourself." He told me.

Even though it wasn't mine, I felt proud. I started jerking off to him immediately. 

"Thanks," I told him, "I'm rubbing it right now."

"You should come do that at my place."

I felt my body tremble... I really wanted to do it. 

"Are you sure you're content with just stroking one out?" I asked him, "I've never done this before." 

"Yeah! Absolutely!" 

'GREAT!' I thought, 'he won't push me.' Fear and arousal got the better of me and I couldn't hold it in anymore. I shot a load up across my chest and I signed off immediately. 

I was pissed at myself. The first nice guy online at the same time that I was and I blew it. I went a couple days after that looking at pussy shots when I jerked off, but I couldn't stop thinking of TopGuy's dick. 

A week later, I had two days off in the middle of the week. Very rare. I went and hung with my friends but came back home cause I was too horny.

It was two thirty in the morning when and pussy wasn't cutting it. I started thinking about his cock again. I hoped I would see him online. I sent him an e-mail. 

"Sorry, I came too fast last time. I chickened out and I left. I really wanted to do it too." I wrote.

Ten seconds later I had new mail. He was online right this moment. I was frozen with adrenaline. I didn't have a hard on yet and I decided I wouldn't start stroking yet. Maybe it's time I went to meet him. I opened his e-mail. 

"No problem bro, just let me know when you're in the mood again. I can get boned up in a second." 

I couldn't resist. The tension was killing me. I responded. 

"Could you do it right now?" I asked.

"Meet me at the library in twelve minutes. I want to meet you and we can go back to my place." 

I lived five minutes from the library. It was so close. I was salivating. I wrote back. 

"Okay." I told him.

"I'm leaving now". He said. 

I put on a shoe in the other room and ran back to my computer and sent an e-mail that said "wait... hold on..." 

I waited. There was no response. I looked at the clock. Nine minutes. I got extremely nervous and put my other shoe on. I started shaking. I walked to my kitchen and took a quick swig of Jack to stop the shaking... it barely calmed me. I walked back to see if he responded. I had six minutes. I stared at the wall and then I grabbed my keys. 

I pulled into the library parking lot and parked. A second later, a truck pulled in and parked next to me. The town was otherwise quiet. I got out of my car and walked around to his passenger side. He opened the door and I climbed in. 

"Hey, you must be Johnny," he said.

I forgot I gave him a fake name, but I rolled with it. "Yeah. Steve?" 

"Nice to meet you," he said.

"You too," I replied.

"You're cute."

"Thanks." I said.

"Are you sure you want to do this?"

"Not entirely," I told him.

"You want to leave?" He asked me, "it's fine if you do." 

I looked at him and my eyes scanned down to his crotch and having seen what was under the pants in the photos, I had to do it.

"No. Fuck it! Let's go!" I said.

He smiled "Okay, follow me."

I got back in my car and followed him to his place. It was a part of town that I never really went into. More of a residential area, not the normal college town stuff.

We went into his place. 

"Go have a seat on the couch," he told me. 

I did. I kicked my shoes off. He came around and sat with me. 

"Here," he said, "I got something for us." He turned the TV on and a porno was playing. It was some ridiculous scenario with two guys and a girl. 

Let me say right here that I hate stories of people fooling around because a porno comes on... but this did happen this way. I was already hard when he started playing the film. But it was nice to have something to break the silence. I never saw much of the movie; my eyes were glued to him. 

He sat down next to me. I didn't know what to do or how to start so I rubbed my hard dick through my jeans. He looked at me and smiled. He started rubbing his cock through his shorts. 

I pushed it further. I unzipped my jeans and just rubbed it through my briefs. He liked this.  I pushed the head out the top, past the elastic. He saw this as the go-ahead to pull his own cock completely out. I looked at it and I turned to him. 

"Can I touch it?" 

"Only if I can touch yours," he told me with a smile. 

He reached across and pulled my dick out of my pants. I rubbed his dick, stroking it. Not sure what I was doing. It was the first time I touched another guy's dick. It was smaller than mine. It was probably about five and a half inches long. I was sporting a decent seven. I stroked his cock for a while. He leaned his head back in ecstasy.  "Is this really your first time?" he asked. 

"Yeah."

"Fuck, you were born for this then." He stroked me and I almost came. I stopped him. I wanted it to last. I was having fun at this point. I was excited. I could feel my mouth salivating again. I looked up at him.  "Can I suck it?" I asked him.

"Oh god, please do." 

I got on my knees on the floor in front of him. I kept massaging his balls with one hand and stroking his shaft with the other. I licked around the head up the underside of his prick. I slowly took him in my mouth. I went slow at first, going as deep as I could. He ran his fingers through my hair. I knew I was doing something right. I would suck and then lift my mouth off to lick it all over. He pushed my head down to his balls and had me suck them. 

"Your balls taste so fucking good!" 

I went back up and took his shaft. I continued, up and down on his shaft. Flicking the head with my tongue. Exploring the ridges of his cut skin around the head with my tongue. He was getting close, I could feel it. I was so excited.

He pulled me up and had me straddle him while he pushed my head to suck his nipples. Then he brought me up and kissed me on the lips. I had only kissed guys as a joke before... never out of passion. This was hot. I liked the rugged feel of stubble against my lips. 

I didn't realize he positioned himself below and lined his dick up to my asshole. I reached back and grabbed his dick. The wet head pressing against my puckered hole and grabbed his dick. 

"I don't want to be fucked, not tonight." I started stroking him with his cock wet from my spit. I didn't lift off of it, the head of his cock was still putting pressure on my asshole. I jerked it off against my asshole. The head started pushing in a little. I ignored it and kept stroking. It was hard to ignore, it felt good... but I wasn't going to be fucked that night. 

He was getting close to cumming. Very close. He knew I wouldn't fuck so he took what he could get. 

"Get up," he told me. 

I did and I kept stroking him. He pushed my head down on his dick. It smelled like my ass but I said nothing and took it in. Deep. It wasn't deep enough for him. He pushed me down on it. I gagged but was careful not to bite. He stood up and I sat my ass on my heels, still on my knees and he held my face. I held his hips, but let him guide me. He started thrusting himself in and out of my mouth, pulling my head the way he liked it. He fucked my face. He fucked it hard.

I was anxious knowing he was going to cum at any second. I was curious what it would taste like, how it felt to get a bullet of cum shot in my throat. He moaned hard and pushed himself deep in my mouth. He came in my mouth fast. I didn't realize that so much cum would come so fast. It filled my mouth and spilled out around the edges and down my chin a little. He slowly withdrew. I felt it spurt another stream inside. He pulled it out and shot one last spurt in my face. I swallowed his warm seed.  He wiped the rest from around my face, collecting it on his finger and without being asked, I licked it off. I was happy. I would have been done too, but I stood up with a rock hard dick and forgot that I never came. He smiled and he started stroking me. He didn't want to suck me and I didn't want him to. I was the whore that night. I came against his thigh almost immediately. I dropped to my knees and licked my cum off of his thigh. If I knew I tasted that good, I'd be having desert every time I stroked off.

"Thank you," I told him.

"No, thank you!" he said, "When are you gonna be able to do this again?" 

"Just look for me online," I told him. (I never know when I'm in the mood for cock. I didn't want to lock myself down). 

I picked up my clothes and left. When I got home, I was already hard again. I got in my shower and stroked one out to the memory. I decided it was something I definitely wanted to do again and I sent him an e-mail again the next day.

Maybe I'll tell you more about it later. I need to go finish myself off right now.