 It was Saturday and I had nothing to do so I decided to go for a drive. I got into my car and headed out of the city in no particular direction. After driving for a while I realized I was close to Jim's house. We have been great friends for years but have not seen each other for a long time. I decided to surprise him by dropping by unannounced and see if he was home. Jim lives in a small two bedroom, one bathroom house but with a lot of land to go with it. I pulled up the long driveway, got out of my car and walked up to the front door. When I knocked on the door, I noticed it was no closed all of the way since it popped open. I hollered Jim's name to let him know I was there and to see if everything was okay. A few seconds later Jim quickly came around the corner looking scared and surprised. The only thing he was wearing was a pair of shorts and obviously I had interrupted something because I could see he was partially hard and had no underwear on.

"Bob, what are you doing here?"

When he said this, his eyes were as big as saucers. I told him I was out for a drive and found myself in the area so I decided to surprise him. I asked if it was a bad time for me to drop by and he replied no. He told me he was in the middle of getting dressed and would be back in a minute. I did not want to make him feel weird so I did not mention I could see how his dick was hanging. When he went back to his room I decided to go to the bathroom to take a leak. When I walked in the bathroom I noticed and gay porn magazine on the floor next to the toilet. For years, all of my friends thought Jim was gay but since we never have known him to have a girl friend but never really knew. I felt bad that I had put him into this position but was a bit intrigued. I have never been with a guy and they don't turn me on but cocks do. I love looking at shemale porn and one of my biggest fantasies is to deep throat a real cock and to try anal sex. I love dressing up like a girl and practice sucking dildos and fucking myself with them.

Jim took a long time in his room, I'm guessing he was trying to figure out what he would say when he came out. This gave me some time in the bathroom to look at the cocks in his porn magazine. I heard him come out of his room and I quickly put the magazine down, flush the toilet and opened the door. When I did, he was standing there and glanced down at the magazine on the floor. He looked terrible because he knows he was just found out. He quickly turned around and walked to his couch. He sat down leaning forward in a very nervous posture and said he wish I had called first. I apologized and told him not to worry, this is no big deal. That did nothing for him and I could tell he still felt like crap. I figured the best thing to do was to dispense the ten thousand pound elephant in the room. I tried to tell him we have been friends for years and his sexual preference was his business and it didn't matter to me.

He lowered his head and asked if I was going to tell anyone what I had seen here today. I advised him I would never do that. Since I could tell this did nothing for his nervous posture I decided to open up to him about my fantasies. I figured it would even the playing field and would be the only way to make him feel better. Plus I figured it would be the right thing to do and if it actually made him relax, I could ask questions I have never been able to ask anyone before.

I looked him in the eye and told him I was about to say something that might make him feel better. I said just like you don't want me to say what I saw today, I don't want him to tell anyone what I am about to tell him. Jim had a strange look on his face and even though I had just found out about him, it was still hard to tell him about him about my fantasies. I had never said this to anyone and figured I never would have the guts to do so. I started to pace back and forth and he could tell I was having a hard time with what I was about to say. It got him over his fear a bit and he asked me what was up.

I turned to him and said, "Jim, I have never said this to anyone. For years now I have been playing out a fantasy of mine alone at home. Men don't excite me at all but for some reason cocks do. When I was in your bathroom I was looking at your magazine and was loving it. When I'm at home I spend a lot of time dressing up like a girl and looking at shemale porn. I even have a few dildos and practice sucking them and doing myself. I have even gone as far as video tapping myself all dressed up pretending I am a shemale and playing with my dildos. I like it so much I have moved up in size of the dildo because I don't want to just suck a cock, I want to deep throat a cock. I'm mostly using a twelve inch dildo when I play with myself. The farther I can get it inside of me the more it excites me."

I quickly looked away after saying that and sat down in the same posture Jim was sitting in. I looked at him and he looked shocked. He asked if I was just making this up to try to make him feel better of if this was for real. I told him I would never make something like that up and it was hard as hell to say it. We both sat there silent for a few minuets trying to figure out where we go from here. 

Jim opened his mouth and said, "Well this is a strange turn of events now isn't it. You come over to surprise me and we both get surprises we never ever expected. I bet his was not what you had in mind when you came over was it?"

I looked at him and told him, "Not in the least."

Jim went into the kitchen and grabbed a bottle of single malt scotch and a couple of shot glasses. It was obvious we both needed a drink to relax. As we drank the scotch we slowly started opening up about our sexual preferences. I found out Jim had been in the closet since high school. He has been so much in the closet he has never been with a girl and has only been with two guys. Both of those guys were a long time ago. One was during summer vacation during high school, that's when he found out he was gay, and the other was in college. I told him how I love pussy but over the years I have become more and more infatuated with cocks.

We talked and drank for a few hours and both of us were now completely relaxed. I was feeling pretty buzzed by now and was glad this all happened at a time I would not have to drive anywhere. We started talking about porn and I asked if he had any shemale porn. He told me must of his porn is gay but he does have a few shemale CD's. Just then he got up and went to his room. He returned a few minutes later with a CD in his hand and said he thinks I will like this one. It is a compilation of shemales doing guys and getting fucked by them. I walked to the couch facing the TV as he put the video in. He sat next to me as the video started. There was no wasting time with this video. It went straight into hardcore shemale sex. My cock started to rise in no time and it was obvious since I had to adjust myself. After a few minuets Jim asked if I wanted to finally fulfill my fantasy and try a real cock. I couldn't look him in the eye when I responded so I just looked at his crotch when I said yes.

He undid his pants, raised his hips and slid his pants off. I looked down and was happy to see he had a large cock. I could tell it wasn't small when I first saw him in his shorts but I didn't think it was that long. It must have been in between eight and nine inched. I didn't waste any time. I leaned over and grabbed his cock and kissed the head. I was surprised hoe soft the head felt on my lips. He pulled off his shirt as I started swirling my tongue around his head. I continued to sucking his dick slowly working up and down his shaft enjoying every moment of my first real cock.

"Take your time, I can tell how much you like this by how good you are at it. You must have put in a whole lot of practice time."

I decided at that point to show his how much I had practiced. I worked my mouth all the way down his shaft and liked his balls. I pulled back up and to his head and started teasing his some more. I reached down and spread his legs and slid on the floor in front of him. As I work his cock with my mouth I started messaging his asshole. Since it was dry, I pulled my mouth off his cock and started to lube up his ass with my tongue. I started digging my tongue in his ass while I stroked his cock. I then when back to sucking him off while I used my finger to play with his ass. I worked one finger in and moved it around. I could tell he liked this so I liked my fingers and worked a second finger in. He was starting to dry out so he told me to come to his bedroom where he has some lube and a dildo.

I stripped as I followed his to his room. He got on his bed and leaned over to his end table pulling out a dildo and the lubed. He commented on how hard my cock was and he could wait to get to it. I asked since this was my first time, could I finish my fantasy before he touches my cock. He was lying back with a smile on his face and easily agreed. I crawled across his bed and as I started lubing up the dildo and asked if he had a second one. He reached in the table and pulled out another dildo. This one I had was around eight inches but the second one must have been a good ten inches. I got on my knees near his head kind of in a sixty nine position but not over him. I asked if he would play with my ass as I got him off.

He took the lube from me and started lubing my ass as I went back to teasing his cock. I eased the head of the dildo into his ass then went back to sucking his dick. I took my time working it in and out of him while I took turns bobbing up and down on his cock and deep throating him. He also took his time working his finger in and out of my ass before he added a second the third finger. Once he felt I was loosened up enough, he pulled his fingers out and pressed the head of the dildo against my asshole. It was the same width I was use to so and he took his time so it felt great. The fact someone else was pushing it inside me drove me crazy. I was working the dildo I had in his ass and made sure the timing was as such that my nose hits his pubes when I was all if the way in. I started picking up the pace and he decided to do the same timing so I was airtight and getting pounded as I deep throated him.

My cock was starving for attention but I made him promise to leave it alone until I had finished what I was doing. In a few minutes we were working at a furious pace. I could tell he was getting close to cumming because he pushed the dildo in and held it there. He did not have the whole dildo in yet, but he held constant pressure and I could feel my insides were starting to relax and let the rest in. I got that wild feeling when the dildo makes it past the ass and starts working all the way in. Just as he got it in the whole way he started cumming real hard. When he started cumming the head was just at my lips and I realized just in time to start swallowing. I continued to fuck his ass until I felt he was about done the pulled it out. He shot his last load and pulled the dildo out of my ass. I liked him clean and pulled my mouth off rolling onto my back. Jim laid there motionless for a minute while I giggled like a school girl knowing how much I loved my first cock.

Jim then rolled onto his side and added more lube to the dildo. He said it was time for me to get a blowjob until he was ready for round two. I spread my legs and smiled knowing this night had a lot more to offer.