 As before, this is a story of man on man action. If you are under 18 years old, or if the subject matter is illegal in your country, don't read it. 

Everyone else, please leave a comment or message me with suggestions. I love writing, and consider myself a decent writer. I am, however, very new to erotic fiction, and want to improve. Leave a comment, or message me with ideas, suggestions, edits, etc. I appreciate it all!

*****

"After bathing, getting a massage, resting in the sauna, and soaking again, the four guys left the bathhouse. They felt wonderfully relaxed, but none more so than Jim and Clive. They had experienced a bit more of a release than the other two. The other pair took a taxi back, but Jim and Clive rode their mountain bike and mo-ped respectively. Jim pedaled hard to keep up with Clive. 

"Hey bud, I'm not sure what came over me earlier, and I'm sorry if it was weird, but I haven't felt that god in a while." Jim said trying to keep up a good pace while breaking the silence. 

"Yeah man... It was good, but what the fuck was it? I know I got off, but I'm not like that."

"Who the hell is like what anyway? I feel weird about it too, but I felt weird when I lost my V-card too. It's just what happens when you try something new. It's OK man, if that was a one-off thing, I don't want it to affect our friendship. We've both had a dry streak as of late."

"What do you mean, 'if that was a one off?' Are you suggesting that it could happen again. 

"Man, I felt great, and I know you did too. I feel comfortable around you, and I am glad we did this. It may have been weird, but I have never been able to share something quite so personal with someone who was a friend and not a girlfriend. If you really aren't into it, that's fine, there is no baggage in this thing."

"I'll need to think things over man."

Jim didn't hear anything from Clive for two days. He finally got a text from him asking him to come upstairs, that he wanted to talk things over. Jim lived in the apartment below Clive, so it took him less than a minute to get up there. 

"I couldn't get what we did out of my head." Clive said plainly. 

"I'm sorry man, I didn't mean to mess with you like that. It isn't fair for you to feel guilty over something like this."

"I mean, I couldn't get it out of my head and not get turned on by it." 

"Oh... Um, I kind of feel the same way."

"Isaac has gone in to work today, so I have this place to myself... or that could be... ourselves..."

Clive put his arm around Jims shoulder as he said this and immediately began to move his face towards his friends. Jim pulled his head back for a moment in surprise then smoothly reverted course as he and Clive began to kiss. Jim had always been the more aggressive of the pair of the relationships he had had in the past. His girlfriends had all felt so light in his hands and they were all so dainty. Clive pushed aggressively towards him and Jim loved getting to assert himself without feeling like he was holding a piece of china. 

Clive made the first move this time. He pulled Jim on top of him as he laid himself back on the couch. He reached his hands under Jims shirt and ran his hands up to his shoulder blades. Jim toyed with him. He would push forward onto Clive, then pull back slightly. He was so turned on watching his friend pull his body up to meet him. 

Jim spread apart the legs of the man under him. He pushed them back a bit and pressed his groin against the equally clothed crotch of his friend. Jim slowly humped Clive as he began to move his mouth to the neck of his temporary lover. 

"Oh God, that feels so good man." Clive gasped as he lost himself in the moment. 

"Just you wait you dirty boy." Jim answered while panting. 

"No waiting." Clive replied while he tore at Jim's shirt and pulled it over his head. 

"Fuck yeah, get over here." Jim demanded as he pulled Clive up to him, then fell back and dragged his friend on top of him. Jim reached down and rubbed Clive between the legs. Clive started to pull his shirt over his head while Jim started to unbuckle the belt barring access to his goal. He fumbled with it while Clive hovered above him, waiting and shivering in anticipation. 

Not a moment after the buckle came loose, an already stiff and massive uncut cock popped out of the gate. Jim reached up and pulled on the loose foreskin in front of him. Clive arched his back and sighed in response. The pre-cum was already flowing. 

After another few moments, Clive similarly unbuckled the belt in front of him. He pulled out the smaller dick of the pair, but still loved to feel the pulsating and foreskin-less shaft. He jerked it while Jim reached his arms around the gorgeous neck above him. Jim pulled Clive down and their chests met. They kissed. They ground against each other. They felt the pool of pre-cum gathering between their cocks. Clive spread open his partners legs and began to hump the wet pool that lay between then. 

"Fuck man, keep going, that is so hot!" grunted Jim between thrusts. He could feel the loose skin and the rough pubes of Clive press against him and lost himself in the moment. Clive sped up and through their mutual moans they shoved their tongues into each others mouths. 

"I'm..."

"I'm gon..."They said together. 

"Together?" They asked one another. 

"Together." They answered in unison. 

The pace was unbearable and they cried out at the same moment as they pulled each other somehow even closer. They felt the pulse of each string of cum fly out of not only their own dick, but also that of their lovers. They pressed their wet chests, stomachs, and groins together as the pacing slowed until it finally stopped, save for the occasional shudder. 

Clive kissed down the left side of Jims neck, and Jim complimented the move with a little nibble on Clives shoulder. 

"Fuck man, that was... that was..."

"So goddamn satisfying that I'll be ready for round two faster than I ever have been."

Neither of them knew which one said what.