 This probably isn't the most exciting story, but it's true. I met Paul in a gay/bisexual chat room. I had been going there to "look around" whenever I had the chance. I was 30 at the time and had been married for about 5 years. I have two kids and a great wife, but I was very frustrated sexually. I don't know why I started thinking about being with other guys. Once I had access to the internet at home I found myself looking at all different kinds of things, and often thought about being with another man. 

Paul is bisexual, my age, but not married. We chatted online and emailed each other frequently. I came to the conclusion that he was very discreet and also safe, which was extremely important to me. After some time, we exchanged photos. He said I was cute and although he didn't look like someone I would choose to be with, he was good looking. 

I was taking some college courses at the local university, where he was a grad student. I finally got up the nerve to meet with him after about a month of chatting and fantasizing. We decided to meet at a local pub where we could just talk and get to know each other. We each ordered a coke and talked for about an hour. We seemed to hit it off pretty well and I felt pretty comfortable talking with him, as nervous as I was. 

He told me his sister was in town and was staying at his apartment. His car was in the shop so he had taken the bus to meet me. He told me if I wanted, I could give him a ride back to his place so if we decided to meet again, I would know where he lived. I agreed, and gave him a ride back home. When we got there, he said his sister hadn't returned yet and invited me in for a minute. I knew where this was going and could feel the butterflies pounding in my stomach. 

We went into his apartment and after some small talk, he asked me if I would like to go lay down on his bed, which we did. He said he was going to get undressed and that I could if I wanted, but didn't have too. So there he was lying naked next to me with a raging hard-on. I just lay there nervous as could be, not knowing what to do. I was wearing a short-sleeved button up shirt and shorts. I started to undo the buttons on my shirt. He smiled and began to help me. Before I knew it, I was also naked beside him. 

He asked if I would like to try kissing him and I said "sure." He rolled me over on top of him and we began kissing. I must say it was the strangest thing I had ever experienced. Then he said I could touch his cock if I wanted. I reached down and felt his hardness. My cock wasn't even hard yet and I began to wonder what the hell I was doing here. But he reached over and began stroking my cock and it didn't take long for me to get hard. He then asked if I would like to suck on his cock, which I did. Then he put mine in his mouth causing a moan to escape from me. He kept sucking on me until I couldn't take it any more and I exploded in his mouth. I had never felt anything so wonderful before. We agreed that I wasn't quite ready to do the same to him, so I laid beside him while he masturbated until he came. 

I got dressed rather quickly and wanted to leave before his sister came home. We agreed to email each other and set up another meeting, which we did…

It was some time before we decided to meet again. During this period, I realized that I wanted to be more of a submissive. Paul agreed with this, as he preferred a more dominant role. So, we set up another meeting at his apartment and a scenario that we sort of follow. I went to his place, knocked on the door, and he let me in. As we had discussed, he sat on the couch and I stripped naked in front of him. I then got on my knees and began to slowly undress him. I peeled his shirt off over his head, unbuckled his pants and slid them off too. He already had a huge bulge in his underwear, which I rubbed and kissed and finally slid them off too. Then I began sucking on his cock, which tasted soooo good. We got down on the floor in a 69 position and resumed sucking. Unfortunately, it was too much for me and I came very quickly. I continued to suck on his cock and did this for quite some time. 

It seemed he had much more control and could go for a long time without cumming. Still in the 69 position, I felt him penetrate my ass with one of his fingers. He kept working it in deeper and began to finger me while I sucked on his cock. Even though I had cum and lost my erection, this felt very good and I began to moan a little and squirm around on top of him. He asked me if I was ready to be fucked and I knew I was.

He led me to his bed where we laid down. He had me suck on him some more and then he gave me a condom and told me to put it on his cock and put some lube on it. He took me around to the other side of the bed. He told me to spread my legs, bend over, and put my hands on the bed. He got behind me and started working his cock into my ass. He asked me if I was ok and I told him that it hurt. He said, "I know, just be patient." After a minute the pain disappeared and began thrusting harder. The feeling was so intense. I didn't know if I wanted him to stop or keep going. It didn't take too long before he was cumming and we both collapsed on the bed.

We met one more time before he moved from the area. This time we decided to meet at my house. My wife was working and I was home alone for the day. I didn't want the neighbors to see a strange car parked in the driveway, so I met him in town where he left his car, and brought him back to my house. We came in and went straight to the bedroom, where we both quickly undressed and got in bed. There was something strangely exciting about doing this in the bed where my wife and I sleep. He had forgotten to bring his condoms and lube and so we didn't do anal this time, even though I wanted to get fucked again, bad. 

After a lot of foreplay, he sucked on my cock until I exploded in his mouth. I was moaning so loud-I couldn't believe how good he was at sucking cock. Then it was his turn. I sucked on him for a while before he started stroking his cock himself. Then he told me to open my mouth and he came inside it. It really tasted good, and I sucked every last drop from him. He told me I wasn't a "virgin" anymore. 

Unfortunately, he had to relocate, but I'll never forget my first experiences.