 This is a true story from events on the 2nd time I sucked his cock. The other time he finished with the condom still on. I never considered myself gay, but, as many stories here start out, after looking at porn and seeing the girls suck or get fucked and accepting cum, my fixation started to move from wanting to do those things to the girls to wanting to be one of those girls. To have a cock in my mouth, to have someone cum all over me, in me, to feel what it is like to have a cock cum in my mouth. I haven't done all of those things yet, but here is the first (and so far only) time I got a facial.

I could feel his cock expand in my mouth as my tongue swirled around the head. There is a unique feeling to a nice cock in your mouth; a firm tender flesh moving to its own rhythm and filling you with a warmth you can feel in your mouth and down in your groin.

I took his cock out of my mouth and ran my lips around the shaft, stroking the underside of his cock with my tongue. I moaned like a whore as I took the head back into my mouth and sank my lips down until I hit the base of his cock. I sucked as hard as I could while fighting the urge to gag on his cock. His strong fingers found their way to the side of my head. 

He ran his fingers through my hair and then lifted my head off his cock, "I'm going to cum soon if you keep doing that."

He always warned me he was going to cum. I only sucked him off while using a condom and he still warned me. Usually I just wrapped my hand around his cock and twisted up and down creating an extension to my mouth and he'd cum happily in the condom, but this time I felt like a little whore. I needed to see his cum and I needed him to make me his slut.

"Cum on my face. Please cum on my face!" I begged him.

He didn't need further prompting and stood up on the side of the bed as I slid on my back. He took the condom off and straddled my chest. I could see his cock bobbing freely as he jerked off inches above my head with one hand on his cock and the other one caressing the back of my head. I looked up at him and bit my lip. This was it, I was finally going to see a cock cum and feel what it was like to become a cum whore. 

I always wondered what it was like for a girl to get a facial and if I would be one of the girls that liked it or was turned off by it. My hard cock was about to burst from the excitement of my man jerking over me. I had my answer.

"I'm going to cum!" He barely got the words out and a jet of white semen shot from the tip of his cock.

"Yes, cover me! Cover my face with your cum! I need it now! Please!" I couldn't believe my ears as those words, cum slut words, came out of my mouth. 

He leaned towards my face more, the hand on my head pulling, holding me in position, as the first rope of cum hit my face. It landed on my cheek, another came across my top lip and a third landed near the corner of my mouth. It wasn't a lot of cum, but I could feel the warmth and heaviness of it as it clung to my face.

"How do I look?" I asked as I smiled up at him. He laughed and told me that we should do this more often. I got up and took a peak in the mirror. I imagined all of the girls I gave a facial to and wondered if they felt like this for the first time. 

I saw my reflection and my hand went to a string of cum that was slowly leaking into my mouth. I picked it off with my finger and washed the rest off my face. I wasn't ready to eat his cum, but the small sample that dripped in was enough to let me know that I'd be a full cum swallowing slut in no time.