 To begin with I am a young single guy living in a very small town. Needless to say there isn't much going on at night or on the weekends to get me very excited. Most nights I would come home from work and watch porn on my computer as I jacked off. After a while this didn't have the same affect and I needed something extra to excite me. One night I was on craigslist looking for a new bike when I saw the personal section. I had browsed through there before a long time ago, but thought I would give it a shot to see if there were any ladies around me looking to have some fun. When that didn't pan out I was curious to see what guys looking for other guys were posting. That got me excited in a hurry! I don't think I've ever been as hard as I had been at that point in time. 

That was what started my curiosity in fooling around with another guy. I had never really considered jacking off or getting a blowjob from a guy before then. I responded to a couple of ads, but didn't feel comfortable with what the guys wanted to do. I was just looking for a guy to introduce me to getting naked around another guy. After a few failed attempts I decided it was time for me to post an ad of my own so I could say exactly what I was looking for. The responses flooded in. I was getting so hard at work when I would check my personal email and see another guy replying saying he wanted to suck on my cock until I cummed in his mouth. It was overwhelming at first. 

However, one guy stood out from the rest. I was a little older than I was and didn't look like a creep. I emailed back and forth with him a couple times to get a better feeling for what he was looking for and make sure I felt comfortable with the whole situation. We decided that the following day around lunch we would meet up at a nearby park so he could suck my cock. The morning before we met up we emailed a couple more times to confirm where we were going to meet. I was so hard by the mid morning that I couldn't focus on my work at all. All I could think about was another guy getting down on his knees and taking my hard cock in his mouth under I cummed. 

Around 11:45 I left the office so I could make my way over to the park. I parked where we talked about and made my way to the bathroom where we said we were going to meet. There was a guy sitting on a bench near the bathroom so I assumed it was him. I made some noise so he would notice it was me when I walked into the bathroom. I left the door unlocked so he could walk in and take my cock. My legs were shaking so bad at this point. I was questioning whether I had made the right decision in meeting up with a strange man so he could give me head. However after waiting for a few minutes nothing happened. I checked my phone to see if he emailed to bail on me, but saw an email with a change of location at the park. 

So I made my way over to the new meeting spot. As I was walking that way I saw a guy a little way off sitting on a bench were the new location was. He was looking around as if he was waiting for someone. As I got closer I could tell it was him and my nerves starting going again. I again was debating turning around or just walking past the guy like I didn't talk to him previously. But as I got closer the thought of leaving/bailing disappeared. He noticed me walking over and started heading into the trees so we could get some privacy. I followed him in a little way before he stopped and waited for me to come over. 

I was so nervous at this point, but knew I couldn't run away. He was nice and asked me how I was doing and whether I was horny. I told him I've had a raging hard on since early in the morning and needed to get some relief. It was no sooner that I said that when he dropped down to his knees and started feeling my cock through my jeans. That got me so hard I will never forget the feeling. He asked if I wanted to unbutton my pants and I don't think I could have done that faster. 

I now had my cock out in front of another man's face and he was going to suck it until I blew my load. He took my cock in his mouth and started sucking away. His mouth was so wet and warm. It was the most incredible feeling. I've gotten blowjobs from past girlfriends, but I never recieved a blowjob like that. It took all I had not to cum within a minute. We bobbed his head up and down my cock while he fondled my balls. I could hear him moan as he tasted my cock. 

He stopped after a couple minutes to tell me how much he loved the taste of my cock. There was a huge drop of precum hanging off the end of my cock at this point. Before he started sucking me off again he tongued the tip of my head to ensure the precum didn't fall off and hit the ground. He started playing with my balls even more as he started blowing me again. 

After another couple minutes I was ready to cum. I was moaning as his head was bouncing up and down my cock. Right before I cummed I grabbed the back of his head and held it against my cock so he wouldn't move. I shot my cum down his throat and when I pulled out of his mouth he swallowed what was left. He stood back up saying how much he enjoyed that and would love to suck my cock again. I was lost for words after such a terrific experience. He said he had to get back to work so he took off. I stood there for another minute or so as I zipped up and thought about what just happened. 

We kept emailing after that first encounter and have met up every week since for another session. It is the highlight of my week and always look forward to cumming in his mouth. If only I hadn't waited so long to realize how great a blowjob for a guy is!