 With an ultimate effort I returned the ball into the corner of the court. Brian tried to reach it in time, but he never had a change. The ball bounced teasingly close past his racket.

" 6-4, 7-5, " I shouted excitedly.

We had been playing for more then an hour and I knew, I was at the limit of my staying power. I was completely exhausted, it had been a long day at the office and as I looked at my watch, it showed 10.55 pm. I walked towards the net, to shake hands with my best friend Brian.

We had been friends since high school and had been playing tennis together since then. Our matches were always evenly matched and were fiercely contended. 

We shook hands and Brian hit me playfully on my shoulder. 

"You lucky bastard, that was a once in a lifetime shot," he chuckled. "Well, you get what you deserve," I replied laughingly. We left the hall and walked towards the bar for a cold drink. 

It was empty since all the customers had already left and Brian had sent the staff home. He owned the tennis hall and would close up himself, as he did quite often, so we had the place to ourselves. I slumped down in a chair and left it to Brian to get our drinks. He returned with two bottles of Corona. 

"Cheers old man, you deserve it. This was one of your best matches and you better enjoy your victory, because the next one won't happen for a long time," he said as he handed me a bottle.

We enjoyed the cold beer and relaxed our exhausted bodies. We were both well in our thirties and not getting the practice we needed to stay in shape. But we still played like we were 10 years younger and paid the price for it, the next day. We talked quietly, drank a second beer and headed for the showers. 

In the locker room, Brian started undressing, as I headed for the toilet. I heard the shower running, as I returned. I sat down on a bench and undressed myself, glad to remove my sweaty clothes. I stood up, stretched my weary body, feeling very much alive. 

I grabbed a bottle of shower gel and entered the showers. Brian was standing in a cloud of steam, with his back towards me. I went to a shower on the opposite wall and turned on the water. A stream of wonderfully hot water hit my body, giving me a great feeling of well being. I turned around, so my sore back would be massaged by the cascading water.

I noticed Brian had turned around as well, as he was washing his hair with his eyes closed. His hard cock was almost touching his well muscled stomach. My eyes widened and I almost gasped for air. I had never seen a man with a hard on before, certainly not my best friend.

Embarrassedly I turned back, hoping he hadn't seen me staring at him. I started soaping my body, but the image of my best friend standing there with his long hard cock kept popping up in my mind. Suddenly I realised my own cock was starting to swell, that familiar feeling of blood filling it, giving it that marvellous heavy feeling as it starts to rise. I tried to think of something else to stop it from becoming harder, but it seemed to have a mind of its own. In a couple of seconds it had risen to its full seven inches and stood straight from my body, almost touching the wall.

I almost panicked, what would Brian think when he saw my hard on? 

I turned myself in such a position, which would hide my by now raging hard cock from Brian's eyes and hoped it would shrink back to its normal size. To speed up the process I turned the water as cold as it would get and pointed it at my swollen dick. As the cold water hit my body I gasped involuntarily, which Brian must have heard.

"Hey dude, what's that?" he asked.

I only turned my head, keeping my by now rock hard cock out of his sight.

"The water suddenly went cold," I said, trying to sound casually.

"No man, I mean that big boner sticking from your body," he said laughingly.

"Uuuuhh, it just uhh, happened, you know," I replied unconvincingly.

"Oohh come on, man, I saw you looking at me, your eyes were glued to my hard cock. You obviously liked what you saw, judging by your bodies reaction. It's an amazing sight, isn't it? A beautifully swollen cock, standing up straight against a hard stomach," he said watching me all the time intently. 

By now he was stroking his cock shamelessly, while he was talking to me. He seemed to be completely at ease with the whole situation. 

Now as I thought about it, he was always hugging me and kissing me on my cheek as we met, but I always assumed it was just his way of greeting a good friend. I suddenly realised, he had set me up. He wanted to see how I would react to his wet naked body and his beautiful hard cock. I realised I was turned on tremendously, my hard cock was a clear sign of my excitement.

I couldn't help watching his hand moving slowly along his long shaft. I could feel my own cock twitching, as I became aware of the sexual tension, which seemed to have enveloped us.

Enthralled I watched him fondling his cock, becoming more and more brazenly. I was an absolute heterosexual, but his little show was so hot, I was craving to touch it. 

His hard body, with this magnificent erect cock, was such a stunning display of power. I should be shocked, but I got turned on by his naked body, it was like breaking a taboo, making it especially wicked, which only heightened my excitement. 

All this time Brian was observing me, trying to decide what I was thinking? How I was feeling about his provocative act? I wasn't sure where all this was leading to and did I want to go there? Brian seemed to notice my uncertainty and walked towards me, his cock bobbing up and down obscenely with every step he took. I couldn't help myself staring at it, taking in every detail. The wet gleam of the taut skin, the pronounced veins running along its length and his swollen balls swaying enticingly.

He stopped just in front of me, staring into my eyes, smiling mischievously. I still wasn't able to make up my mind. I wasn't gay, I didn't like men sexually, but here I was, enormously turned on by Brian's body and fully aware of the sexual tension flowing between us. 

As in slow motion, I saw Brian's hand reach for my cock and his strong fingers encircled my hot meat. A jolt of electricity shook my body, my skin seemed to be on fire, all my senses were almost on overload. I was so hot, this strong man grabbing my long hard cock, his hard wet body rubbing against me, made all my previous doubts disappear and I decided to follow my desires.

"How does that feel?" Brian whispered, trying not to break the spell I was under. While he asked this, he slowly pulled my foreskin back revealing my purple cock head.

"It feels incredibly good," I honestly replied, feeling more and more at ease about the whole situation. I was so horny by now, I would agree to anything that would give me this much pleasure. It was amazing how my inhibitions, about getting aroused by a man's body and having my hard hot cock stroked by him, had just disappeared and were being replaced by an incredible horniness. 

"It's so wonderful, the hard flesh, the softness of the skin, the heat it emanates. Have you ever touched another man's hard cock?" he asked stroking my hot meat a little faster, making me go crazy with lust.

"No..., no,I..I haven't," I stammered.

He grabbed my right hand and placed it on his long hard cock, while he kept caressing mine. Instinctively my thumb and forefinger encircled his cock head and started stroking it. I was amazed, at how natural it seemed, to be stroking another man's hard cock.

For a while we just stood there, fondling each others shafts. I could feel my fingers becoming sticky with his pre cum, which was flowing copiously from his cock head, showing he was getting hotter and hotter. Soft moans and groans were coming from deep within our throats, ever increasing in volume.

Suddenly Brian's hand left my cock and he grabbed my hips.

"Turn around," he said, twisting my hips.

I wasn't sure what he wanted to do with me, but I was willing to try anything, so I turned my back towards him.

"Spread your legs and place your hands against the wall," he commanded. 

Now I hesitated, was he going to fuck me? 

"No, I'm not going to fuck you....., yet," he said excitedly, like he was reading my mind. 

My ass was sticking out invitingly, as I bent forward to reach for the wall, making me feel very vulnerable. He stepped closer to me and I could feel his hard slippery cock head grazing along my ass, before he slid it between my thighs, touching my balls with his cock head. He leaned over me, his hard body rubbing against my back, causing me to tremble with excitement.

"Okay, now put your legs together," his voice cracking up a little. 

I did as I was told, trapping his hot wet cock between my thighs. His left hand reached around my waist and cupped my balls, while his right hand firmly grabbed my achingly hard cock.

He now had complete control over me, his hands on my genitals, while he pushed his strong body against mine. 

I was swept away on a wave of new emotions, driving my excitement to new heights. Brian was kneading my balls, while his hand on my cock, was almost a blur, driving me ever closer to an enormous orgasm. I could hear Brian grunting in my ear, as he was nearing his own climax. His thrusts became more frantic, his hips bouncing against my ass, as he was thrusting his wet slippery cock between my legs in an ever increasing pace. Our loud groaning echoed through the showers, as a warning of our nearing climaxes.

Suddenly Brian's body tensed, his breathing stopped;" OOOOooohhh, yeahhhhhh, here it comes," he groaned in my ear

His hips thrusted one more time against my ass, almost pushing me against the wall. He let out a long, loud groan and I could feel his warm cum flowing between my thighs, as his body shuddered with the intensity of his climax. 

He pulled my foreskin back, as far as it would go, causing my cum to rise rapidly through my cock and erupt from my cock head. I could feel an all overpowering hot wave rushing over me, as my cum exploded from my pulsating cock. My orgasm shook my entire body, shock waves of pleasure rippled through my mind, causing my knees to almost buckle.

We were both grunting and groaning with lust, as our orgasms pulsed through our bodies. Cum was flowing everywhere, between my thighs, over Brian's hand and onto the floor. Our hard wet bodies were still feverishly rubbing against each other. Brian was leaning over my body, small tremors still rocked his body as he stopped moving. 

I still don't think of myself as being gay, but having sex with a man was a fantastic experience and I knew it wouldn't be the last time.