 Leaving high school and going to university, I believed I was completely straight. I came from a sheltered middle upper class upbringing, but was raised to be cheap. I dressed poorly, and was starting to become overweight. 

My first year of university, I gained weight. I started noticing less girls smiling at me and eventually started working out and going on a vegetable diet. Fast forward to midway through my 2nd year, I had just lost 70 pounds but was still a virgin. I think most girls preferred a guy with more bulk than my lean build. One day at the university library, an older guy noticed I was reading about travel and we got into a conversation. I always wanted to go to brazil. We chatted until the library closed and he walked me out and asked me if I wanted to go for a drink. We got a table at the pub and as we sat down, he put his hand on my leg. I gulped. I had no idea he was gay. He asked me if I was uncomfortable, to which, enjoying the attention, I told him I like it. So we had a couple of drinks, and he asked me back to his place, which was walking distance away. 

We held hands all the way there. I started to wonder what was going to happen. I was going to let him lead. I was wondering if he was a top or a bottom.. I was shy because nobody had seen me naked before and here I was planning on going to have sex! I was also nervous as I didn't have condoms. 

We got to his apartment and he didn't waste time taking off his clothes. He asked if I would as well, as my eyes were fixated on his big cock. I proceeded to take off my clothes but felt inferior to him as I was certainly less endowed. To hide my cock, yet seem interested in sex, I got down on my knees, face near his cock, hands cradling his balls and asked him "may I please go down on you?" He said yes.

I remember his skin tasting rather bland, which was ok by me. As I sucked, he put his hands on my head and controlled the pace. He was really large. The tip of his penis would hit the back of my throat and to my surprise I didn't gag. To impress him, I pushed my mouth as far down as I could, trying to take the whole thing. His pubes brushed up against my nose, and the entire area became a sloppy mess. 

He asked me if I wanted him to penetrate me, I said yes. Then he asked me if I had been penetrated before, and to be honest, I said no. He grinned and said his biggest turn on is to take the anal virginity from guys. 

I quit sucking him and asked him how he wanted me. He told me to lay flat on the bed, face down, legs spread. I did as told. I felt a splash of something wet touch my hole, then his finger pushed inside me about an inch. I told him that felt good and it was true. I liked the feeling. He told me that he is quite a bit bigger than his finger and that penetration might be a little painful or uncomfortable. I told him to go ahead as I was already nervous.

Then I felt his rock hard shaft push its way into me. Wow it felt like my skin inside was being stretched out. It hurt, but it was a good hurt. He kept asking me how I was doing, I told him to just keep going. After a few minutes of him starting to slow down, I pulled out and flipped over to my back and put my legs in the air. He eagerly thrust himself back into me. In this position he could get further into me. As I saw his facial expression start to change, in the heat of the moment I told him to cum in me. His thrusting stopped and he pushed himself deep into me and ejaculated. We kissed. 

He asked me how it was, and I loved it. I asked him if I could sleep over or if he would like to see me again. I slept over. My sleep was a bit uncomfortable though and I felt like I was gaping and had his semen in me. I woke up early the next day and used some of his toothpaste on my finger and kind of cleaned up. 

He lay sound asleep, naked. I kissed him once on the cheek and put my head under the blanket. His penis was flaccid, and I decided to put it in my mouth. It quickly grew hard. I just remember stroking the shaft, my mouth working over the head and my other hand playing with his balls. After a few minutes. He came. I swallowed.

We exchanged phone numbers as I was leaving the door. I missed some calls from him but never called him back. That remains my one and only gay experience.