 As I was feeling a little tight in my back I decided to check out the local paper for a masseuse, one in particular catching my attention. It said, "men's massage from 9am". The fact it was men's massage made my mind wonder about a happy ending. This thought alone made my desire for male pleasure tingle along my cock as I hurriedly rang him to book in.

I was pleasantly surprised when a gentle male voice answered, asking me of my needs and a time that suited me. I explained as some tightness in my back that needed a good rub and hoping for a time as soon as possible. He said he would be free in about an hour which I said suited me, getting his address before hanging up.

I quickly jumped in the shower, washing myself thoroughly, also shaving my cock and arse, making sure I was smooth and clean. After drying off I decided to go without any underwear, only putting a pair of shorts and a loose shirt on before heading out the door, my heart racing as I hoped it was more than a massage.

Arriving at his house I was pleased to find it was a very new place in a new estate, before I locked my car and headed to the front door where there was a note for all massage patrons to knock on the side door. I walked to the side door, about to knock when a rather good looking guy, guessing in his late 40's, opened the door before I knocked, greeting me with a kind smile as he invited me inside.

As he closed the door behind us, he introduced himself as Greg and with a rush of delight he placed his hand on my back just above my shorts, guiding me into his massage room which seemed to be very professionally set out before telling me to strip naked and lay face down on the table with a towel over my backside, closing the door as he left the room.

With tingling running through my body, my mind recounting Greg's rather good looks which made a growing desire to have him grow rapidly. I stripped naked, holding a towel across my arse I climbed into the table, placing my face through the hole before cheekily sliding the towel down my arse slightly, just enough I could feel the air at the top of my crack as I relaxed and waited for Greg's return.

A few minutes later, Greg quietly entered the room and walked around me to a bench with bottles of oil on it. Without being able to see him, I suddenly felt a trail of oil being spread on my back, closely followed by his warm hands as he asked where I was most sore to which I told him mainly my mid and lower back.

Again all quiet, listening to a cd of nature sounds i let out a moan of pleasure as he pressed his hands firmly into my back, sliding them up and down me. Once finished with my back he began on my arms, massaging my hands and fingers before allowing them to hang off the side of the table while he worked my upper arms, making his groin lightly rub against my fingers, adding to my thoughts and desires for more.

Leaving a hand on my back, Greg moved to the end of the table near my feet where again I felt another stream of oil ran up and down both my legs before he started massage my calves, eventually working up to my thighs, asking if I was ok with loosing the towel. Trying not to sound eager I replied with a definite but somewhat willing yes. 

He pulled the towel from me, letting it drop to the floor as he began to rub up the inside of my thighs, seemingly working further between my legs until I felt his thumbs rub softly against my balls at first, gradually letting his hands press deeper, rubbing my balls more and more.

Feeling Greg turn from me to grab more oil, I felt like this was becoming erotic enough that I gently spread my legs a little, to be rewarded when the fresh oil was used to cover my arse, Greg sliding his hands over my oiled arse, giving each cheek a firm yet sensual squeeze while I felt his thumbs work deeper and deeper along my crack, feeling him press slightly against my hole as he passed.

Not meaning to I let out a long moan, this being noticed by Greg as he pressed and held his hand over my hole while leaning near my face asking if I was enjoying his touches or did I want him to stop. Not knowing what to say I hesitated, Greg asking if this was my first time for a massage like this which I nodded at, Greg saying that he also does "male relief" if I wanted to go that way. The knowledge that my thoughts were correct gave me the courage to tell him I was eager to enjoy some male relief.

As I lay my head back down, i felt Greg's hands on my inner thighs, motioning me to move them apart which i did hastily, to which he let out a moan, followed by comments of how hot my shaved arse and balls looked before sliding one hand under my oily balls, softly caressing them while his other hand slid deep along my crack, soon stopping at my hole, gently pressing against me when i begged for his fingers to slide inside me.

As i was already covered in oil, Greg's fingers slid easily into me, feeling my arse open and take him in one slow motion until i felt his hand press against me, his fingers deep in my hole. As he began to slide them in and out of me i moaned in loudly until i told him to work another finger inside me, which he did with ease, picking up pace until he was finger fucking me hard and fast, slamming his hand against me, making me talk dirty which was new to me, suddenly telling him to fuck my cunt!

Some time ago he had taken his hand from my balls and was now stroking it on the table beside me as I reached out and grasped it, guiding it to my mouth, only able to take his knob in my awkward position, soon letting him fall from me as I heard him sigh, saying how good it felt in me. Between my moans filled with lust, I mentioned my mouth was not the only place he could slide his throbbing meat into, lifting my arse slightly off the table as I told him I wanted his cock to fuck my cunt but only if he wanted to.

As Greg slid his fingers from me and told me to lean over the end if the table, I had just enough time to position myself, before he moved behind me and guided his shaft towards my arse as I reached around my hips, pulling myself wide as I felt him press his knob on my hole, feeling it throbbing with his pulse before I arched my back in pleasure to the feel of his knob pushing into me. Not stopping there, Greg continued to slide further until finally he pressed his hips hard against my arse, ensuring he was fully in me.

He held there as I felt him lower against my back, turning my head slightly to see his face close to mine as he grunted in my ear that I had the tightest arse he had ever slid inside, biting me softly on the ear. I moved just enough to press my lips to his, feeling him return the moment of passion as our tounges met, Greg breaking the kiss as he lifted himself off me and grasping my hips as I told him I wanted to feel his cum unload inside me as he slid almost all the way from me then with a hard thrust, drove his length completely back inside me, as he pounded me hard and fast from the first thrust, slamming me into the table.

I was in ecstasy from the start, screaming loudly for him to fuck me hard, give me a pounding. The whole time little squeals escaping my mouth, Greg continuing his assault on my arse, kept groaning how tight and sexy i was, that he was going to cum before long. As I began to buck back against him, meeting his thrusts, I felt as if I was about to cum, reaching for my hard shaft only to have Greg push my hand aside and started to stroke me as I felt an orgasms like never before work its way from deep inside me, my legs buckling beneath me as I came harder than ever. Almost at the same time Greg held my limp hips to his as I felt him give a final thrust inside me, holding himself there as I felt him shoot load after load inside me, making my own orgasm even better.

Greg continued to stroke me hard and fast, telling me to cum for him when I realized my earlier orgasm felt different because I came without shooting my load. This tipped me over the edge, as my balls tightened up and shot load after load onto a towel on the ground, Greg eventually letting my soft cock fall as he again pressed himself on my back and whispered in my ear that this was the most erotic and pleasurable sex he had ever had in his life, giving me a short deep kiss before standing up and sliding his now soft shaft from me, letting some of his cum seep from my hole and down my legs.

As I regained my strength, I stood and faced Greg to be pleased with the sudden feel of him pressing his lips to mine as we deeply kissed like lovers while our hands dropped to the others arse, pulling each other close, our soft cocks pressed together for what seemed like ages before we pulled away with Greg leading me to the shower.

With my head still spinning with lust, I cleaned myself up, washing all the oil from my body before drying myself off and getting dressed. As I stepped from the bathroom, Greg met me with a smile, telling me he would love for me to stay and continue playing but his next client was not far away. We quickly kissed, Greg grasping my shaft and saying he hoped to see me again soon before I stepped out the door. 

Once home I found myself horny again as I pulled my shorts down and sat back on the couch, spreading my legs open and sliding my fingers through the cum in my arse as I finger fucked myself and stroked my cock while thinking of Greg to bring me to another orgasm, shooting cum on my stomach and chest, laying there as i fell asleep, dreaming of my next massage.