 It was definitely going to be a long night. As this perfect cock got hard again I was in total shock and disbelief. How could I have waited so long to find out what this was all about? I kept stroking it, while at the same time lubing it up with a few left over dribbles of cum that were still leaking out of the head. I licked my lips and felt the spongy head of this throbbing piece of meat slip into my mouth once again. I knew this time I would perform even better than before. I knew exactly what to do and how to do it. I slowly let it slide in and out of my mouth while holding a strong suction on it like I did the first time. I guess the head was still ultra-sensitive because my new friend was moaning like crazy on the other side. I kept wondering if someone was going to come and try to stop us in our tracks because of all of the loud noises he was making. It turns out, they don't care what you do as long as they get their money at the front door. I was guessing they just thought this guy was stroking off to a flick and moaning along to the soundtrack of some pretty porn starlet with a mouth full of cock.

I was no starlet, but I had found a new past-time. I kept sucking this big cock and it was getting harder and harder in my mouth. Occasionally, I would pull it out of my mouth, spit on it, and jerk it real fast in front of my face. I now understood the look all of the women in those movies got when they were staring down the shaft of a hot, juicy cock. This was the ultimate. My fantasy had become reality in just a matter of a few minutes. I slowed down my sucking because I knew he was going to cum again soon. He shot such a big load the first time, I guess it took a little time for him to recharge. I backed off and started to tease his cock head by flicking it on the end of the head with the end of my tongue. His cries let me know I was on to something. I alternated between the flicking and sucking until he moaned he was going to cum again. I was determined this time to feel him cum with his cock in my mouth. I sped up my sucking just as the first blast hit the back of my throat.

My neighbor yelled from the other side of the wall, "Ahhhhhhh, yeah; suck it you fuckin' whore."

Sticky, thick jets of hot cum were flooding the insides of my mouth and I couldn't get enough. I was even moaning in complete amazement at the feel of a cock cumming in my mouth while I sucked on it. It was indescribable. So hot, and to some people I'm sure, so wrong.

I began to wonder if my friend thought I was a chick. I didn't know if his calling me a whore was literal or figurative to his mind. I've always heard that only a man knows how to truly suck another mans's cock correctly; I guess because only we know what we like. I pulled him out of my mouth as he started to soften up. I continued slow stroking his cock as just a few more drops of cum trickled out of his slit. I had quite a bit of cum on my chin and my cheeks. I took my fingers and scooped it all up and then sucked my fingers clean. I had never tasted cum, other than my own, before I walked into this place tonight and I couldn't get over how delicious it was. I don't know if it was because this particular set of big balls was able to churn out cum that was so thick, rich and sweet or if it was just the fact that I had instantly become a cum addicted slut in such a short amount of time. Whatever the reason, I knew that a whole new wonderous world had been opened to me tonight as I opened my mouth to give head for the very first time. As I backed off and watched this magnificent cock dissapear back inside the adjoining booth, I wanted to see the owner of such a fine specimen.

I stepped out of my booth and into the dimly lit hallway of doors and corners and waited for him to come out. I stood there for about five minutes and finally the door knob turned and out stepped a clean shaven, dark haired, tall and thin young man that I guessed to be about twenty-five or so.

"That was very, very tasty", I said.

He looked at me like a deer in the headlights and said, "You mean that was you?.....aw man, you are pulling my leg right?"

Then he dropped his head and stared at the floor, trying to not make eye contact with me.

I continued, "Didn't you like the way I sucked that awesome cock of yours?"

He looked up at me very shyly and said, "I have to say that those were the absolute two best blowjobs I have ever gotten in my life."

I smiled very deviously and said, "How would you like to take a little drive?" and he nodded his head.

We jumped into my car and left his sitting in the parking lot. I headed toward my apartment, which was just a short drive away. I wanted to get this behind closed doors for a little while so I could loosen up, relax and enjoy myself better. As we pulled into the parking lot of my complex, all I could think about was his cock.

I did turn and ask him "Is this too weird for you; doing this with another guy?"

He smiled and said, "I was embarrased when you first told me it was you but it felt so good I just couldn't believe it."

That was a very nice compliment, I thought.

He said, "My name is Kenny, by the way."

I replied, "I'm Todd; well, now we're not strangers anymore."

Then, before I could put all my thoughts together, I just blurted out, "So tell me, Kenny; would you like to come inside and let me suck on that big dick some more or are we just going to sit out here in the parking lot all night?"

Kenny smiled and answered me very quickly by saying, "Sure; you definitely know what you're doing".

I walked him up to my door and we stepped into my living room. I dimmed the lights and went into the bathroom after telling him I'd be right back. I stripped down and jerked my cock just maybe ten or fifteen strokes and shot the biggest load of cum ever in my life. I couldn't believe how horny I was for this guy's cock. I put only my boxers back on and walked back into the room. Kenny was sitting on the couch with a look of half amazement and half shock on his face. I knelt down in front of him and unbuckled his jeans and he slid them off to the floor. I started to rub his cock through his underwear and he threw his head back and closed his eyes. I wondered how I would ever give this up. I reached in through the flap on the front of his shorts and grabbed his hardening cock and brought it out. In just a few strokes he was ready to go again. As I stared down the shaft of his hot dick again, I knew I was doing what I was born to do.

As his cock slipped into my hot mouth for the third time tonight, I wondered if he had any hung friends he'd like to introduce me to; I had to practice some more at my new "hobby" if I wanted to be the best.