 I met this guy earlier in the week, and we texted a little, and he sent some very erotic pics of him I really wasn't in the mood when we met, but I kept thinking about him. When I saw the pics, well...you know I like that muscular type of body, and he was funny and sexy. So I met him for drinks at a bar Friday night.

I kept an open mind, no desire to do anything with him, but liked him a lot, and he paid a lot of attention to me. I like masculine guys, no unnecessary touching, hand holding, or kissing. He's into body building, and we talked about that a little. He's a very well paid rep in pharmaceuticals, and he told me he has a town house near Wilton Drive. I had a nice time, and went home, thinking about him a lot.

He texted me after I got home, and said he had a great time with me, and invited me to dinner the next day, Saturday. I told him I wasn't sure what I was doing Sat, but thanked him.

I awoke to another text from him Sat morning, and told him I'd meet him at a bar in Wilton Manors, and we'd go from there. I hadn't had a meaningful date in a while, and I wasn't sure what I wanted.

I get so confused sometimes, not knowing what I want, and trying to avoid guys who just want to fuck me. But I hadn't had much of a social life lately, so I decided to see where it went, and I liked him.

I met him, had some drinks, then another...and before I knew it, it was 10 o'clock! Hadn't eaten, and I was a little light headed, but feeling good. When he asked me to go back to his place, I said "Sure!"

When we got inside his huge townhouse, he got a bottle of Patron and a couple of glasses. He put his hands on my shoulders, and started to open my shirt. I was so turned on... Before I knew it, I was almost nude in his living room, and he was gently caressing me all over...and I was very aroused...

I watched as he opened his shirt, loving the way his body looked. I loved his smooth hairless chest, and I started to kiss it. He dropped his pants, and I could see that he was thick and hard. I kissed down his stomach, and down the inside of his thighs...and I teased him by kissing the sides of his cock. 

He stood me up and held my face and kissed me...and I realized how turned on I was...

He said, "My God, Michael, I want to be in you SO bad!" And I realized that I wanted that too. He took my hand, and we went upstairs to his big king bed, with satin sheets...

He laid me back on the bed and started to caress me again...he kneeled across my chest, and I kissed the head of his cock. He slowly fed it into my mouth, and he tasted so good. 

I laid with my head hanging off the side of the bed, and he stood above me and slid his cock into my throat. 

When I started to suck guys, I began to realize that I could take a hard cock deep down my throat, and a lot of guys can't. I like to do that too...for some reason it turns me on to know I can make guys that hot. Some have to stop because they get so close to climax!

I was realizing that I really was enjoying myself, and I was very turned on...not where I ever thought I would be that night. 

I said, "Eric, I really think you want to fuck me, don't you?" Eric said, "You know I do. I've wanted to fuck you since I first met you!"..

He laid me back on the bed, and kissed me, all over, and sucked me too...and I loved watching him. I was very excited knowing what was going to happen next. 

It had been a while since I had taken a guy, and he was pretty big, about 9 inches, if I had to guess. I loved that feeling of being totally filled up by a guy, but I was nervous. When I was still exploring myself, I had played with a 9 inch dildo, but this was real now.

In our course of conversation, he told me he was on PReP. That's a drug that prevents you from getting HIV. So he has no fear of getting it from me, and the only way he can get the prescription every month is if he is tested and clean. (I've even thought about getting on it,) 

He laid me on my front, and rubbed some lube on my ass, and into me with his finger. I was so excited, I turned around to kiss him, and we fell on the bed in a passionate embrace. I was getting even more excited, and I could feel my ass relaxing, anticipating what was to come. While he was kissing me, he lifted my legs onto his shoulders, and as he rose up, his hard cock was right against my ass and between my cheeks, exciting me even more. I love when I guy goes in me like that, while he's still kissing me...and he pushed until he gently slid in.

He slowly and gradually went deeper and deeper...relaxing me more and more. We did this for a long while, with him stopping so he wouldn't cum to fast. Finally I asked him to let me turn around, so I could get up on my knees. I was so comfortable with him now!

He slid in me from behind again, and I felt him even deeper. I was totally relaxed, no pain or tightness, and it slid right in.

He pushed me face down, and pulled my hips up to fuck me better. I could tell that this was his favorite way to fuck. He rode his cock in and out of me, deeper and deeper, not hurting me at all, but filling me so deep and gently...I loved it. And I kept telling him..."Oh, God, Eric, I love they way you fuck me." He then came in me, and I came from all the deep fucking he did...

The next think I knew, I awoke and it was 3 am, and I dressed...after I found all my clothes downstairs...and thanked him, and left. 

When I woke up the next morning, I couldn't believe the night I had. I was a little sore from all the pumping, but not in real pain. He called and invited me to brunch, and I very willingly went! I loved seeing him again.

So now, my dear friends, what do I do now? Some of you know I hate anything long term. Had a great time, and I can't stop thinking about him, so what do I do now?