 As I finished up my workout I started towards the locker room, feeling the soreness in my muscles aching from the previous strain in the weight room. My shirt was doused in sweat and I could feel little beads of sweat still running down my body. I entered the locker room, found my locker and proceeded to undress to wash off. Normally I am kind of shy about being naked but after today's harsh workout I just didn't care; as I slide off my sneakers and socks, pulled my wet shirt off my tired body and ran my thumbs under my waist band letting my mesh shorts hit the floor. Standing there in my tight white boxer briefs, muscles still pumped with the blood from the workout and feeling almost aroused, I decided I should hit the sauna first! Grabbing my towel and wrapping it around my waist, I slide off my boxers and headed to the sauna. 

No one was inside when I got there so I took a spot in the corner and leaned back against the wall letting my legs fall apart slightly; I closed my eyes and just relaxed! I must have gotten so relaxed that I faded off to sleep, because I never heard the door open or the other guy enter and sit down. But as I came too, I realized that I wasn't alone anymore in the hot steamy room, I had been joined by a another man about the same age as me but in better shape.

I have never been with a man or even dreamt of one, but I had to admit this young man was very attractive! I myself am a 25 year old, that has worked out ever since high school and has kept in good shape, but this sexy stranger had a perfect six pack and great build! As I came more aware of where I was I realized in my quick dose off I had become partly hard and my towel was lifted slightly by my semi hard cock, which I am sure created a small view of my balls and cock from my towel being lifted and legs spread! 

This stranger must have taken notice because he was sitting across from me in the opposite corner with no towel on and his package was very enticing! It was roughly 5inches long soft, and thick with the hair neatly trimmed and proportionate balls hanging below his cock! His chest was shaven and his skin tan; he must have caught my prolonged glance at his package because he started to smile. He asked if I liked what I saw and mentioned that I should lose my towel because it's more comfortable without it. (I think he just didn't want to be the only naked man there) I flipped back my towel and my semi hard cock sat there staring at him and I couldn't think of what to say because I am not gay but I was getting hard; so I sheepishly apologized and he just smiled and said I was just fine!

After awhile of fighting the desire to look at his cock again, I did and this time I realized he had become hard, very very hard! To my amazement it made me salivate and become increasingly hard, he just sat there staring back at me and no one said a word, until the stranger said "we should get out of this sauna before we melt or someone walks in here and gets the wrong impression". I agreed and asked "where would you like to go, (not even thinking about what I was saying)", he just smiled and suggested the hot tub! So we threw our towels on and walked thru the showers to the hot tub, luckily it was kind of late and most of the other gym members had already left so we had the place to ourselves. 

As we slide in the hot tub and the hot water warmed every inch of my body I became harder than I had ever been before. This time we didn't sit across from one another but within arm's reach, after a little small talk I felt his foot sliding up my inner thigh and chills ran down my body. I couldn't help but wish it was his hand, or better is tongue! Noticing I didn't stop him he slide closer and next I felt his finger tips slide up my thigh and brush across my balls and the base of my hard cock! Not knowing what to do I froze and just enjoyed the sensations that were overtaking my body! As his fingers wrapped around the base of my cock and starting to slide further up, I asked what we should do if someone comes and sees us. He just smiled and slides my hand down to his cock and balls, erasing all thoughts of anything else! After awhile of stroking each other off under water we decided to go to the showers and luckily the showers were hidden from all others and the door locked!!! Once inside he pressed my back against the cold tile and started licking and kissing on my neck and chest working his way down further and further, the entire time cupping my balls and grapping my tight ass cheeks. 

Just when I didn't think it could get any better I felt the tip of my cock meet the tip of his tongue and then his soft lips wrapped around my hard 8in cock and slide down till I could feel my cock head against the back of his throat. He worked it up and down and I was in pure ecstasy, he took my hard cock out of his mouth and spit on it as he jacked it off, as I got closer and closer to shooting my warm sweet cum he started sucking my cock again and just as I went he pulled it out of his mouth and let it hit this face and neck and run down his chisel chest! He just said yum and asked if I would return the favor, having never sucked a cock before I was hesitant , but I just figured I owed this stranger at least this much after the wonderful orgasm he just gave me!

So I squatted down and with his cock hanging inches from my mouth I started kissing it and licking it lightly the whole time massaging his balls and running my finger lightly on the skin between his balls and ass. I then took his now hard 9in cock in my mouth and started sucking up and down slow and deep, getting faster and faster with each repetition. As I sucked him I looked up and noticed his head rolled back and him moaning it want I was sure was pure enjoyment, I also notice my wet cum was still on his skin just begging to be cleaned off but he didn't care! As I felt his balls tighten and his cock begin to ooze pre-cum I deep throated that big cock and gagged but I loved it! All of a sudden I felt his hand on the back of my head pulling my back away from his cock and just as my lips lifted off his cock, he shared his warm sweat cum all over me. Not knowing what to do I couldn't help but try a little taste, never thinking I would have done any of this I figured I might as well taste it too! It was sweat and tasty! 

He pulled me up to him and we started making out licking and smearing each others cum with our faces and tongues. He licked his cum off me and then bent me over and let it dribble into my mouth; the taste of his cum mixed with his spit was delicious! Then I returned the favor and as we finished and cleaned up in the showers we would shoot each other an occasional look but never said another word. 

Every now and then we pass each other in the gym or locker room but nothing is ever mentioned about that night, but I know I hope secretly late at night when I am all alone in the locker room my stranger will return for some more fun!

(I only hope to someday live out this fantasy for I am the young man in the sauna)