 Ryan looked around the restaurant he worked in one last time at the end of his shift. By this time tomorrow he would be far away from the little town he had been born and raised in. Now all he had to do was tell Chris, who was about the closest thing he had to a friend.

Chris and Ryan had worked together for close on a year and even though, at twenty two, Chris was a year younger he had always seemed older to Ryan. Perhaps that was because he was fairly level headed, or perhaps it was because of all that dark, silky fir on his chest and arms. It was Chris who had shown Ryan the ropes at the restaurant and taught him the job, so it was only fair that he say goodbye. Ryan wasn't even going to bother telling his boss; the first he would know that Ryan wasn't coming back was when he didn't show up for his shift.

'I just wanted to say goodbye,' Ryan said as he stuck out his hand. 'I'm leaving town tomorrow.'

'Why do you want to do that?' Chris asked.

'There are things I need that I just can't get in a place like this.' Ryan said.

Suddenly Chris' curiosity was aroused. His face flushed and his mouth felt like sandpaper as he tried to speak.

'I...I don't understand.' Chris lowered his voice as he looked directly into Ryan's big blue eyes. 'What is it you need that you can't get here?'

'I can't talk about it.' Ryan replied. He was torn: a part of him was secretly pleased that Chris looked so cut up that he was leaving - at least now he knew that someone would miss him when he left - but he was sad too that he couldn't share his secret with Chris.

'So that's it huh?' Chris sounded wounded. 'You're just gonna up sticks and leave without even saying why.'

'Look, I'm gay, okay.' The words just tumbled out of Ryan's mouth before he could reign them in. 'I'm probably the only gay guy in this whole damn place and I'm never gonna get any action. Not like you and all the girls you keep dating.'

Chris was nervous as he looked around, not only that other people might hear was he was about to tell Ryan, but it was something he had hardly admitted to himself.

'It's not all you think it is.' Chris said softly. 'I'm still a virgin.'

'Really?' Ryan was surprised and somehow secretly delighted. 'Why? I don't understand.'

The boss was waiting to lock up so they moved from the back of the restaurant to the exit. There was an awkward moment in the car park as the stood in silence, each unsure if they had revealed too much.

'Come back to my place.' Chris said and the tension, of one kind, was broken but another was surfacing in Ryan's work pants. His cock throbbed all the way over on the short drive to Chris' place. Where was this heading, he wondered, and could he handle it? Ryan told himself that at least if he fucked up tonight and embarrassed himself with Chris he was leaving in the morning and could put it all behind him. 

Chris had his own apartment which was something that Ryan envied. Part of the reason he wanted to get out of town was to be independent and get out from under his parents' feet; he knew that as long as he lived in the same town as them they would never understand why he would want to live on his own when they had plenty of room in the house. How Chris was able to afford his own apartment was something that Ryan could never quite work out but when he saw how run-down and stark the apartment was he began to understand.

'Sorry, it's a bit of dump.' Chris apologised.

'At least it is your own, to do what you like in.' Ryan said.

'Yeah, but the thing I want to do here I can't do because I can't find anyone to do it with.' Chris said.

Ryan was suddenly aware of the pounding of his heart. It was so loud and insistent he was certain that the people in the house at the end of the street could hear it. His head was in a spin and he felt decidedly giddy. He gratefully accepted the cold beer Chris pressed into his hand and took a long swig.

'What...what..er...ummm..what is it you want to do?' he stammered.

'You might think you're the only gay guy in town but you'd be wrong.' Chris said.

It was like a weight had been lifted off his shoulders. He saw Ryan's already big blue eyes widen in surprise and his thick black eyebrows lift higher. His usually pink cheeks were flushed a deep red and his tongue darted out and licked his sexy red lips. Chris had never seen him looking so hot before and he knew in that instant he had to take a chance.

'You mean you're...' Ryan didn't have a chance to finish his sentence as Chris stepped up to him and took him in his arms and pressed his lips up close and Ryan melted in his arm as his lips parted and Chris tongue traced over his neat, straight teeth before duelling with his tongue. In his excitement Ryan dropped his beer and pulled away to see it pouring into the carpet.

'Leave that.' Chris said as he once more took the sexy young stud into his arms. Chris' cock felt full to bursting point. In all the times he had fooled around with girls it had never felt so hard and a kiss had never been so sweet. He now knew the answer to the question that he had been bugging him for the last six months. He could feel Ryan's hard cock crushed up against his own as their hands roamed all over each other's backs and tight little bubble butts. 

It was Ryan who pulled away first. He cupped his hands around Chris' handsome face and gazed into his warm brown eyes.

'What?' Chris asked.

'I think I'm in love already.'

In reply Chris moved in for another desperately hunger yet achingly tender kiss. Electric sparks raced through his veins and stimulated nerves he didn't even know he had. His thick cock was glued to his underpants where all of his excitement juice had oozed out; the hunger in his loins was growing ever more urgent and he grabbed a hold of Ryan's firm, round ass to let him know just exactly what he wanted tonight.

Wild horses couldn't have dragged Ryan away from that apartment and his date with destiny. Tonight he would achieve all he had ever longed for and with the very person that he had so often daydreamed about. He had to pinch himself to make sure it wasn't a dream. He had fully expected his first time to be with some older man in a dark alley with a whole lot of lust but not much love. But here he was being kissed like his were the most precious pair of lips in the world, and the hunger he could feel through Chris' work pants made his asshole twitch. This was the man of his dreams and young love heightened all of his senses.

'You're beautiful.' Chris whispered as he began to unbutton Ryan's shirt. The younger guy kissed his lover's neck as his hands stroked the warm, smooth skin of his chest. A surge of excitement shot through Chris as his fingers brushed over the tiny little nubs of Ryan's nipples. He pushed Ryan's arms up above his head and very gently kissed his little soldiers until they jutted out away from his chest. Ryan's moan was just the horniest thing Chris had ever heard, hornier even than the moans that escaped Missy' throat every time Chris had fingered her. Chris was in a daze as he came off his lover's nipples and saw his closed eyes with their long, long lashes and that pretty face all flushed with excitement. He buried his face in Ryan's left armpit and licked it, making Ryan quiver in delight.

When Chris was done licking both armpits he kissed down Ryan's neck and onto his shoulders and then slowly kissed down his smooth chest and flat stomach. Ryan moaned out loud as Chris dropped to his knees and tugged on Ryan's fly. A few moments later Ryan's eight inch cock sprung free as Chris tugged his pants and underpants down to his ankles. Ryan's cock head felt so incredibly delicious as his foreskin had retracted and the secretion coated surface was now exposed to the air. Seconds later he groaned out loud in astonishment as the warmth and slickness of Chris mouth enveloped his straining cock. Shit! The feeling was just plain out of this world. He could feel his knees buckle as he pressed his hands onto Chris' broad shoulders for support. Seconds later the world stopped turning as his cock started to spew the most amazing volume of joy juice he had ever known.

'I'm sorry...I'm sorry.' He apologised as he floated back down to earth and saw Chris rise to his feet, still licking his lips.

'That's okay.' Chris said. 'Come sit down a while. We've got loads to talk about.'

But as much as he wanted to talk Ryan knew that would have to wait. As soon as they were on the beat-up sofa he began tugging on Chris clothes and soon had him naked. And what a fine sight he was. His olive skin was warm and surprisingly soft and silky where it wasn't covered by sexy, dark fur. His body was muscular and well developed, especially his hairy thighs; and as for the size of his furry nuts and thick cock, Ryan lust just rose higher and higher the longer he gazed at them. He was torn between going straight in for cock and balls or savouring the whole delicious package that was Chris with his handsome face and sexy eyes and firm, hard young body.

Ryan moved in closer and stroked Chris' furry chest. His red nipples might have been lost in all that fur if they hadn't been so prominent and Ryan took a few moments to worry them between his teeth and tongue. His own cock was starting to re-inflate as he kissed his lover's neck and then moved onto his shapely lips. Their tongues once more probed each other's mouths as Chris pulled Ryan towards him. Ryan straddled Chris' lap and he could feel Chris' thick cock and hairy balls mashed up against his own smooth balls and slender eight inch wanger. As he kissed he gently brushed his body up and down against Chris', leaving snails' trails of precum on Chris' thick cock and belly. He could feel Chris' warm hands stroking down his back and now stroking lower, cupping the cheeks of his ass and pulling them apart. Ryan just about jumped out of his skin as Chris finger brushed past his virgin pucker hole.

'I need to cum, I need to come real quick.' Chris pleaded.

As much as Ryan would have loved to have that big cock up his chute he knew that would have to wait until some other time. He climbed off Chris and got down on his knees in front of him. Ryan's hands stroked up and down Chris' hairy thighs a couple of times as the young stud bucked about on the sofa, thrusting his thick cock into his fist. He was absolutely desperate to get his rocks off; it was as if his cum was burning a hole in his ball sac. Ryan lowered his head now and unclenched Chris fist and replaced it with his own. He started nibbling on Chris' big nuts, intoxicated by the sexual heat and funk of a pair of big, hairy balls. He could tell that Chris was real close so he came off his balls and took his crimson cock head into his mouth. His lips and mouth suctioned as his hand stroked that thick, beautiful piece of meat. Chris grabbed hold of Ryan's pretty head as the magic of his warm, wet mouth brought him closer and closer to the edge. Suddenly he could fight it no more and he groaned out loud as his big balls lasted out a red hot load of tasty jizz.

When Ryan came up for air he still had a string of jism drooling out the corner of his mouth and Chris pulled him close and tasted his own tangy fuck sauce on his lover's lips.

'We need to find somewhere decent for us to live.' Chris said when at last he was able to speak.

'Does that mean that you...me, us?' Ryan was so emotional that he could hardly get the words out.

'It sure does,' Chris replied 'for as long as you want me,'

'That will be forever and ever, then.' Ryan replied as he snuggled up to his newfound lover and felt his strong arms close about him.

Copyright Daniel Blue