 I was a freshman in college when I had my first male-to-male sexual experience. Up until that point, I had never even entertained any sort of homosexual desire until it happened.

It was a Friday night in October - one of those weekends when most of the guys on my dorm floor had gone home for the weekend. So after my last class on Friday I walked over to the mall, picked up a few things, got something to eat and was heading back to campus when the rain started. I didn't have an umbrella with me and I proceeded to get soaked. I ran to a strip mall for cover and hurried into the only place open, a hair salon. The guy working there, Mike, was just getting ready to close the store, as it was just a few minutes before 8:00. He took pity on me and told me he had a clothes dryer in the back and that he would loan me some sweatpants to wear while my clothes dried. I was still a long way from my dorm, so I took him up on his offer. He led me to the back office and left me while I changed into his sweats and a tee-shirt.

While my clothes were drying, I suggested I go ahead and get a haircut. He shut off the lights in the front of the store and locked the door (since he was closed), and then gave me a haircut.

Mike was in his mid-twenties and though I know a lot of male hairdressers are gay, I had no idea Mike was. He did not fit the profile of a gay male hairdresser. He just looked masculine. Anyway, we chatted while he cut my hair. My hair was pretty easy to cut, so my clothes were still wet when we were done. He had offered to drive me to my dorm, which I greatly appreciated, so I was going to hang out there until the clothes were dry. We were sitting in his office when he suggested a massage. Mike was taking classes to become a certified masseuse and said he'd like the chance to practice. 

Having nothing else to do, I agreed. So we went into another back room where he had a massage table. He handed me a towel and told me to get undressed and he'd be right back. So I stripped out of his clothes, wrapped the towel around my waist and laid down on the table.

He came back and put on some relaxing music. He poured oil onto his hands and began massaging my shoulders. It felt really good. He moved down my lower back and asked if he could remove my towel. I said sure and he opened the towel and began rubbing my butt cheeks. At this point, I realized I was getting aroused. And this confused me because it was a guy touching me! He worked his way down my legs and feet then asked me to turn over. I was uncomfortable about this because my cock was getting hard but I couldn't refuse so I rolled over. I kinda muttered something about being sorry about my situation. He looked at my cock then told me not to worry about it - a lot of people got aroused during massages.

As he massaged my chest, he asked me about girlfriends. I was not dating anyone at the time and I told him I hadn't been with a girl for some time. His hands moved down to my thighs, and I closed my eyes, trying to will my cock back down. That's when he touched me. Very lightly, but his hands were brushing against my cock. I opened my eyes a bit and saw him staring at my cock and then grasping it. I opened my eyes further and he looked at me and said, "It's alright, let me do this for you." I closed my eyes again as I realized how much I was enjoying him touching me. He was stroking me up and down now, leaving little doubt as to his intentions.

Then he let go. I heard him rustling around and I looked to see him undressing. He stripped down to just his black bikini briefs, which were holding a very full bulge. I couldn't believe I was laying here naked with a guy touching me, and I was checking him out as he got nearly naked.

He came back and began stroking me again. Then he leaned over and took my cock in his mouth. I was not the world's expert on blowjobs, but I'd had a few. And this guy was sucking my cock better than any girl had ever sucked me. I couldn't believe how good it felt and I knew I was not going to last long. I watched as he sucked my cock into his mouth. He had also reached down and freed his own cock from his briefs and was
 stroking it as he sucked me. Before I knew what I was doing, I was reaching over and had my own hand on his cock. He stopped sucking me and looked up at me and smiled. He dropped his own hand and left mine to stroke him.

His cock felt so good in my hand. It was so nice and hard and probably an inch bigger than my own seven inches. He stepped up closer toward me as I reached out and stroked him with both hands. He leaned over and sucked on my nipples then moved back down to my cock. "I want to finish you off," he said. He sucked my cock all the way into his mouth with incredible suction and almost immediately I was bucking my hips as my cum exploded into his hot mouth. 

His mouth never left my cock as I came. At last, when I was done coming, he slipped his mouth from my cock and moved up, his head over mine. He smiled at me as he leaned in and put his lips to mine. We kissed and he opened his mouth and let some of my own cum spill into my mouth. It was so wildly erotic that I dove my tongue forward and lapped at it greedily. As I swallowed some of my own hot cum, he broke the kiss.  "You're pretty wild," he said. I gave him a smile and told him I had never done anything like this before. He just smiled as he raised up from leaning over to kiss me and brought his cock to the edge of the table. He put his hands on my head and pulled me to the edge of the table. "Suck me," he said. "I think you'll like it."

And I wanted to. Badly. So I opened my mouth and he slid his cock in. I ran my tongue all over his cock and he continued to thrust forward. This position wasn't working really well so he helped me down off the table and put me on my knees. He held my head as he slid his cock back into my mouth. "Relax your jaw," he said as I was fighting a gag reflex. He pulled out, I relaxed, and I moved forward for his cock because I wanted it in my mouth - I wanted to taste his cum.

I reached up and played with his balls as he began to fuck my face. He was sliding further into my mouth now, and I loved it. He began moaning and tensing and all of a sudden, his cock was erupting inside my mouth, filling it with his hot cum. I loved the taste and swallowed quickly as I worked his cock for more. He continued to cum and as he filled my mouth again, he pulled out and jerked his cock, shooting his cum on my face as I savored what was in my mouth.

"Wow," he said. "You're some cocksucker - are you sure you've never done that before?" With cum on my face and lips and loving it, I looked up at him. "I'm sure, but I know my first time isn't gonna be my last." He smiled and wiped his cock against my face, and I sucked it into my mouth to suck it clean. 

"Come on," he said. "Let's get dressed and go to my place." I got up and followed him to get dressed, my cock already getting hard again as he invited me to his place.