 My first experience of male-to-male play was about to advance another step. After Mike introduced me to cock sucking both on himself and on strangers at an adult XXX theatre, I was ready to feel Mike's cock in my ass. He drove us to his apartment, I was naked in the passenger seat. When we got to his complex, it was late, and no one was around. He dared me to walk across the parking lot naked. I was feeling a new found sexual freedom and jumped out of the car and followed him, naked as the day I was born. He just laughed, telling me to hurry up and get inside before his neighbors saw him with a naked guy in the parking lot. 

Mike had a nice 3 bedroom apartment that he shared with another guy. I asked Mike about his relationship with his roommate. He said they sometimes liked to play around, but that was as far as it went. “He’d definitely want to play with you if he were here, and I bet you’d love his 9 inch cock,” Mike said with a grin. His roommate has a girlfriend and as it turned out, was staying with her this weekend. "So this place is all ours, all weekend, if we want," he added. He came back from the kitchen with a couple of beers and gave me a quick tour. Mike and his roommate both had adjoining bathrooms. The third bedroom was an office where their computers were. Then there was the living room, dining room, and kitchen.

We moved to Mike's bedroom. It was very clean and neat. He had a large king-sized water bed. There was a large 35" television at the foot of the bed. Mike grabbed a remote and flipped it on. He showed me to his closet where he had a huge shelf of adult movies. "Find something good to watch," he said as he disappeared into the bathroom. I flipped thru the movies, feeling my cock get hard as I looked at all of the titles - there were straight flicks, gay flicks, bi-flicks, a couple of fetish videos with transvestites....but I selected one of the gay flicks to see all guy action.

I put the movie in and sat down on the end of the bed as I waited for it to start. Mike came back into the room, naked, and sat down next to me. He saw the movie cover laying on the t.v. and smiled, "You have good taste." Then he leaned over and sucked my cock into his mouth for a moment. "And you taste good," he added. He grabbed the remote and stopped the movie. "Why don't we take a shower?" I smiled and we both went into the bathroom. 

Mike got the water running then stepped in. I stepped in after him and slid the glass door shut. Both of our cocks were hard as we got wet. Mike took the soap in hand and began rubbing it all over me, lathering me up. I did the same to him. Then he grabbed me and pulled me into a hug, our slippery bodies rubbing all over each other. 

He turned me around facing away from him and began to lather my ass. "Lean over," he said. So I leaned forward and braced myself by holding onto a towel rack. His hands slid up my ass crack and rubbed soap all over me. Then his lathery finger began probing at my ass, pushing into me. "Relax," he said. I tried to relax as his finger slipped into the second knuckle. I was so rock-hard as he fingered my ass. "You're so nice and tight," he said. He continued to finger-fuck my ass, trying to loosen me up. Soon he had two fingers inside of me and I was loving it.

He pulled out and opened the shower door. I heard a drawer open and shut and then he was back. I looked back and he was holding a butt plug. "This is a medium," he said. "Once it's it, it'll help stretch you so I can get my cock inside you." My cock was bobbing on its own, it was so hard as he pushed the latex plug into my ass. I felt it stretching me as it popped in past the thickest point. He pushed it in to its base and held it there. "Stand up," he said. I did as he held the plug in place.

I stood there with the plug in my ass and wriggled around a bit. "How's that feel," he asked. "Nice," I said. He said, "It'll feel even nicer when it's my cock and it is blasting cum inside you." He nibbled on my neck and I reached back to stroke his hard cock. "I can't wait," I said.

I did my best to hold the plug in place while Mike shut off the water and we dried off. We walked back into the bedroom, naked, and he started the movie playing. He had me get in bed while he grabbed some k-y jelly. I was so horny as I watched him climb onto the bed with me, entranced by his hard cock and knowing he was going to fuck me. He laid down next to me and began to rub some lube onto his cock. Then he moved down to rub some on my ass. "Turn over," he said. I turned over onto my front and then got up on my hands and knees. "Very good," he said. He pulled the plug out and worked some lube all around my ass.

He moved up behind me and grabbed my hips. He pressed his cock against my ass and pushed forward until the head slipped inside. I moaned. "You alright?" he asked. I looked back at him and nodded my head. He went slowly since it was my first time. I cried out a couple times, but did my best to relax and work past the pain because I wanted him to fuck me so badly. As he began to work it in and thrust, the pain was quickly replaced by pleasure. I loved how it felt as he slid in and out of me, as he moaned and grunted, all from fucking my ass. I began to thrust against him and he slid in deeper. We were both moaning loudly as I felt his entire shaft slide into my ass, filling me up. 

We were rocking in a good rhythm and we were both enjoying this so much. He slammed into me a few last times before he slammed in and held tight as his cock spasmed and he filled me with another nice load of hot cum. He reached around and grabbed my cock which is about all it took. He pumped me and I shot cum all over the bed. He didn't pull out of my ass until he was done cumming and I could feel his cum running down my legs. As he pulled out, he pulled me back toward him a little bit then let me fall onto the bed, my face landing right where I had cum. I licked my own cum from his sheets. He went to the bathroom to clean up then returned and laid down next to me. "You've got a hot little ass," he said. My hand reached over to fondle his cock. "Did you like being a bottom?" he asked? I turned to look at him and said, "Yes. I love getting fucked. I am a true cock-slut now, wouldn't you say?" He laughed and agreed with me.