 *all references to characters, locations and events are fictional. Any similarities between this story and real life are purely coincidental*



Today is finally the day and I'm so excited! Daddy is finally going to visit! He's coming all this way just to give me what I crave and I couldn't feel luckier. His instructions were simple: "dress slutty. Charge the camera. Put out all the toys. See you at 1." It was noon now and time for me to get ready.

I hopped in the shower to get clean, using the nair to rid my body of all hair below the neck, followed by lotion to make sure my skin is silky smooth. I had picked the outfit especially for today. Crotchless black panties went on first, framing my caged cock and pink cunt. Next red stockings went up my long legs followed by black 5" heels. Standing up and teetering on the heels, I step into my new black mini skirt. It slides up over my hips and sits low on my waist, stopping briefly below the curve of my ass. Next I wrap the red leather corset around my body, lacing it tight up the back and giving my body an hourglass shape. I take the black collar and strap it around my neck, leaving the ring for the leash in front. Finally I take the red medium butt plug and rub lube on it, then slowly insert it into my boi ass. As I finish up, I notice the clock says 10 minutes to 1. I better hurry!

I lay all of my toys out on the coffee table, filling its surface with plugs and dildos, leashes and pumps, gags and clamps, paddles and vibrators. I lay the final toy out when I hear the door bell ring. You're here!

I toddle over to the door and check the peephole, blushing as I see you waiting outside. I unbolt the door to let you in, holding my head low as you walk into my apartment. I close the door behind you and relock it.

"Thank you for coming sir. How was your flight?" I ask.

"Better now that I'm here. Look at you, slut! Don't you make a sexy little cum whore!" you comment. "Let's go into the living room so I can take a better look."

You indicate for me to lead and I can feel your eyes on me as we walk into the living room. I move to the middle of the room with my hands behind my back and my head down as you move over to the recliner. I'm conscious of your gaze on both myself and the toys as you take a seat.

"Quite the collection you have here, Emily. Are you ready?" you ask. I nod my head up and down in response. "Look at me slut" you command, and I raise my eyes to meet yours. "That's better. Now I asked you a question. Are you ready whore?" you ask again. I nod my head and murmur out a "yes daddy."

"Good. Now go get me a drink. Water with ice. Now!" you order, as I move to the kitchen on uneasy legs, the plug in my ass moving around and making my hips sway. I fix your drink and move back into the living room, noticing that you've picked up my remote control and the digital camera is laying on the arm of the recliner. You're flipping through the channels until you arrive at a music channel. You throw the remote on the couch and take the water.

"Time to dance, Emily. If you're good you'll get a reward" you say as you wink at me. I hear the music and start to move my body back and forth to the music, swaying my hips and running my hands over my body. I hear the clicking of the digital camera as I dance. I do the best I can in the heels and corset, gyrating my hips while dropping it low to the ground, then turning around and doing slut thrusts trying to turn you on.

"Mmm that's good, slut. You've earned that reward. Come here Emily. Drop to your knees" you order. I follow your orders and get on my knees as you reach into the bag you brought and pull out a wig. It's bright red and a short bob style, ending right below my ears.

"There that's better. Now you look the proper slut. Stand back up. Picture time!" you order. I stand up and you pick up the camera, putting me in pose after pose as you snap pictures. Bent over at the knees, on all 4s, laying back with my legs spread and all others you could think of. I'm on full display as the camera clicks so many times I lose count. As you make comments about my body, I get more and more turned on and blushing from the humiliation.

"I can tell you like your new look. Guess what? I like it too. Turn around slut" you order. I turn around from the final pose I was in to see your hard cock sticking out of your jeans.

"See how much I like it?" you ask. I nod my head and murmur "yes sir" as my eyes lock onto your cock. You reach down and stroke it a few times, bringing a drop of precum to the tip.

"And I can tell you like what you see too, slut. Why not come and say hello?" you ask. I nod my head and move over to you, dropping to my knees on instinct while never taking my eyes from your cock. I reach out slowly and wrap my hand around the warm base of your cock, feeling it pulse in my hands. I move my face closer to your cock, pausing with it right in front of my face.

"You know you want to, slut. Make daddy happy" you order. I slowly move your cock to meet my lips, forming my mouth into a tight O. I slowly slide my lips over your cock head, flicking my tongue around the edge of your head. I slowly slide your cock out, letting my tongue linger over your head and drooling down your cock. I work my mouth back over your cock, working it deeper into my mouth as I grip the bottom of your dick. Working it in and out of my mouth, it's getting deeper with each stroke until I can feel the head touching the front of my throat. I can hear the click of the digital camera as I suck your hung daddy dick. I slowly relax my throat until its open and the final inch of your cock is deep in my mouth and my nose is in your abs. I pull it out slowly then reinsert it in my throat. I feel your hand on the back of my head and hear you moan as you hold my head down. I try to pull off but you hold my head down and instruct me to "hold it just a little longer". I start to gag and drool down the corners of my mouth, coating my chin and your balls. I choke again and you continue to hold me down, until I start to choke then you let me up to gasp for air. You grab my chin and look into my eyes.

"Very good, slut. I thought you wouldn't be able to take that much. We'll work on the length of time later" you say as you smile, making me blush as I continue to breathe heavily.

"For now, stand up and get of out that skirt" you order. I follow your instructions and stand up slowly on the heels. Pulling the skirt down my legs, my caged cock is on display with precum dripping from the front. I turn around to fold it up on the couch, revealing the my round bubble butt.

"Hold it slut! Stay right there. What is that in your cunt??" you ask. 

"It's a butt plug daddy" I reply.

"And did I tell you to stuff your ass today?" you ask, standing up behind me.

"No daddy, you didn't" I stammer out.

"NO I DIDN'T" you ask angrily. "And do you know why I didn't tell you to stuff your ass, slut? Because I wanted you tight for my dick. That's going to cost you, whore!"

I feel you move to the side of me then feel you grip the butt plug. In one rough motion the toy is torn from my ass, making my legs go weak and a groan escape from my lips.

"It looks like we'll have to find a way to tighten you back up" you say, right before the first swing of the paddle lands on my upturned ass. My cheeks begin to sting as swat after swat lands on my ass, quickly turning it red. With frequent pauses during which I can hear the click of the camera, you work over my ass with the paddle. Before long I lose track of the hits that have landed on my ass, and I can feel it turning as red as my stockings.

"Let's see if that did it" you comment as you toss the paddle away. I feel one of your fingers working its way into my hole, opening me back up.

"Well it's tighter than before but still not as tight as I imagined. You'll have to make up for that, slut. And you can start right now" you say. You walk back to the recliner and sit down, taking your pants off as you go.

"Come have a seat, whore" you say as you move to the middle of the recliner. I move over toward you, the air feeling cool on my red ass.

"Turn around slut" I hear you say, as I turn around on my high heels. I feel you pull my hands behind my back and I feel the handcuffs placed around my wrists. With a click they are secured behind my back.

"Turn back around, Emily" you order as I turn back to face you. You reach up and attach the leash to my collar, then lean back in the chair. You start tugging on my leash, pulling me forward until I have to get up on the recliner and straddle your lap to keep from falling over. As you keep pulling me forward, my caged cock is soon hanging next to your hard cock. You use the camera to capture the difference, noting my blush at seeing our cocks side by side. Soon the camera is to the side and you are tugging on my leash some more, pulling me forward until your cock is sticking up between my cheeks. You grab my hips and indicate for me to raise myself up. I lift myself up and feel the head of your cock shift to my boi cunt. You let go of my hips and I'm perched on the head of your cock. You lean back and watch as I balance on just your cock head. A slight look of confusion crosses my face as I see you smile and continue to relax. I can feel your cock head pulsing inside my slick tunnel. Soon my legs start to weaken and my position slips, pushing more of your cock inside my hole. My eyes go wide as I see your smile widen and my legs go weak, putting half of your dick in my hole and leaving my knees on the recliner. My breathing quickens as my hole is spread by half of your thick cock. I watch helplessly as you reach out and grab my knees, pushing them apart and lowering me even more onto your cock. My eyes roll back into my head as three fourths of your cock is buried deep in my cunt. I'm gasping for breath at the stretching it's giving me.

"Now you get it all slut!" you say, grabbing my hips and pulling me down until your cock is buried in my ass. Your balls are tight against my cheeks as my cage is on your abs. You smile big as my ass grips your cock and adjusts to your girth. As the pleasure grows I start to grind on your rod, moving my hips around in circles and your dick around in my boi pussy. Soon I'm fucking myself up and down on the bottom half of your cock, the top half still firmly entrenched in my hole. I'm tossing my head as I arch my back and ride you harder, eliciting a moan from deep inside. I feel your dick growing in my ass and your balls getting tighter against my ass.

"Not yet slut. I know you want daddy's cum, but first I want to fuck you like you deserve" you say, pushing my hips up as your cock flops out of my ass. I moan as I feel my hole empty and look down at your hard and glistening pole. My eyes widen as I look at how swollen its grown and that I've taken it all.

"That's right, bitch. You took it all and now you're going to take it again" you say, pushing me back so you can stand up. You grab the leash and push me down onto the recliner, my chest in the back and my ass in the air. I feel your hands on my cheeks and the air on my hole as you spread them apart. Your prick is quickly at my ass, then pushed in deep as you bury your cock in one smooth stroke. I moan loud as my hole is forced open around your dick. My hands are pulled back as you grab my handcuffs and start fucking me hard. Over and over you thrust into my hole, stretching me open as I moan and beg for your dick. Your hips are hitting my already red cheeks as your pull my hands back farther, burying your cock to the hilt.

"That's right bitch, take that fucking like you need. You're about to get that load you're craving too" you say, as you pull out and quickly flip me around.

"Time to work on those throat skills again, whore" you order, as you grab my head and shove your dick down my throat. My eyes water as I gag and drool down your cock, as it swells and gets bigger. It invades my throat over and over until I can feel it start to swell and throb.

"Here it comes bitch! Open wide!" you order, as you pop your dick out from between my lips and shoot your first stream into my open mouth. The next strings of cum land on my cheek and eyes and paint my face. You put your cock back to my mouth, wiping the tip over my lips.

"Very good slut. That's a great start to the weekend" you tell me, reaching over and grabbing a ring gag from the table. You open my mouth and put the gag in, keeping it open for your use. You sit back in the recliner and grab the back of my head to place my open lips around the tip of your cock.

"Start licking, slut. It's time to catch up on the news." I hear the TV click on as I start licking the head, drool running down my chin.

"It's the start of a great weekend, Emily!" I hear you say, as I moan through the gag and dick in my mouth, wondering at the events to come.