 First Night Seduction

Part 2 Chapter 3

 

Easter Holiday Weekend

That had been seven months ago, they'd chosen this, the longest, four day, holiday weekend of the year for their marriage ceremony and a humanist celebrant to conduct it.

He'd given them copies of the questions and statements which were legal requirements along with suggestions of things for him to say as part of the personal part of the ceremony but Theo and Adrien chose to write their own vows neither knowing what the other would say nor what they would wear.

The celebrant stood waiting for them beneath a cupola made of Caracalla marble as were its columns and steps, their sixty or so guests were seated inside an open-ended marquee in front of it.

Some traditions they'd kept, sort of, Jeff would be Theo's Best Man and the girls were standing either side of the celebrant each held a cushion on which Jeff would place the rings.

"Ladies and gentlemen," the celebrant called above the quiet hubbub, as an edited version of the Adagio Theo and Adrien loved began, "I believe our grooms approach, please rise to welcome them."

He lifted his left arm from which side Theo and Jeff appeared; he wore a suit of midnight blue slubbed-silk, the same coloured shirt with ivory waistcoat and tie. Theo shook hands with the celebrant and hugged his nieces. When he looked across towards where Adrien walked towards them from the opposite side he laughed out loud. Adrien was dressed in a white linen suit, white shirt with a claret red tie topped off with a Fedora matching the colour of the tie.

"Please take your seats." the celebrant told the guests, he waited until all was quiet.

"We are here to celebrate the marriage of Theo and Adrien," he began, both men smiling broadly at his words.

The legal wording was soon over and Theo stepped a little closer to Adrien lifting his left hand as he took Adrien's second ring from the pillow Grace held.

"This ring is the symbol of my commitment to you and to us. There is no end in a circle as there will be no end to my love for you. With you my life has true meaning. I promise to be yours alone 'til death do us part," at his last words he twisted the two rings together.

Adrien took hold of Theo's left hand picking up the ring from Emily's cushion,

"Theo accept this ring as a sign of our marriage, my love for you and my dedication to us. You have made my life whole and filled it with laughter. You are the one who showed me how to be me and my life has been full of wonder since we met. I pledge myself to only you until our lives end."

"Ladies and gentlemen I am inordinately pleased to present Theo and Adrien our newlyweds."

Their guests all stood as they clapped and cheered,

"Well go on Uncle Theo, you know you want to," Emily giggled under the cover of the noise.

Theo took Adrien's face between his hands and kissed him gently.

"I love you," Adrien whispered barely loud enough for Theo to hear.

"I love you too," Theo answered just as quietly, leaning to speak into Adrien's ear.

Adrien beamed at Theo, threw his arms around him and pulled him into a hug,

"Holy hell Theo we're married," he chuckled.

"Yaaay!" Emily cheered, it had been she who'd first spotted Adrien's first ring for what it was.

"Come on then husband let's go greet our guests," Theo said after the license had been signed.

They both shook hands with Jeff and the celebrant then hugged the girls before walking towards their family and friends in the marquee, Adrien's mother was already approaching them,

"Oh boys I'm so happy," she smiled as all three wrapped their arms around each other; Dorothy reached to kiss first her son's then Theo's cheek.

"Really mum?" Adrien whispered.

"Of-course, a blind man could see you're made for each other.

"Don't you both look handsome?" Linda asked as she got to them, "Congratulations brother, although how you got him to agree to marry an old grump like you's beyond me."

"Oi! That's my husband you're talking about," Adrien laughed.

"May I remind you that he asked me first?" Theo added.

"Uncle Theo, Uncle Adrien," their nieces called together.

"What?" they called back turning to look at the young women.

There was an explosion of balloons and confetti falling from the double-height roof of the marquee, music filled the room and lights instantly created a party atmosphere. The newlyweds looked at Linda and their nieces, all of whom shrugged.

"Don't look at me," Linda made her denial.

"Nothing to do with us," Grace told them.

"Now that's a bare-faced fib, you knew what was coming," Theo wagged a finger at them.

"It's true," her sister maintained, "look," she held out a folded piece of paper she'd taken from her tiny handbag.

"When Theo and Adrien reach the second row of seats call their names. Leave the rest to me," he read aloud from the printed sheet.

"Dorothy?" Theo said with mock seriousness.

"Not guilty, but I wish I had," she laughed.

Theo looked at the rest of their family all of whom agreed with Dorothy's statement.

When he turned back towards Adrien the jigsaw pieces fell into place, he had his hands deep in his trouser pockets his head was bowed but when he tilted his head to look at Theo an amused look lit up his features.

"You!" Theo laughed.

"Did you really think I'd only have one surprise in store," he held open his jacket as a clue to the first.

"I'll be on my guard now you do know that?"

"Mister Jepson, Professor Leadbeater on behalf of the hotel staff many congratulations, your reception room is ready whenever you and your guests are," a young man said from beside them.

"Thank-you although we two may be some time, I have a husband to take in hand, seems he's been up to no good," Theo laughed brushing glittery confetti from his shoulders.

"Is that a promise?" Adrien mouthed.

"You bet your sweet ass," Theo replied equally silently.

Theo had booked, well stopped the entire hotel sited deep in the Cambridgeshire countryside from being booked by anyone else would be the more accurate description, but that was easy to do when you owned it and the magnificent botanical gardens in which it sat. The building and the lawn behind it where stood the cupola and marquee couldn't be seen from the nearest road; mind you Theo's security team at the gates and patrolling the grounds would deter anyone from trying to intrude.

"So where's the honeymoon?" Paul Spence asked as he shook Adrien's hand.

"Don't know, this torment won't tell me."

"Congratulations Theo, you've got one of life's good guys," he added shaking hands with him.

"So have I," Adrien added as he took hold of Theo's hand.

Sixty or so guests, those staying at the hotel, had witnessed them taking their vows, which had happened as late in the day as was possible around forty more joined them a couple of hours after, none of them knew the real reason for the gathering.

"Uncle Adrien the rest of your invitees have arrived, the event manager just told me," Emily told him looking a little flushed.

"And why would he be telling you that young lady?"

"Well I was," she began, "sort of hanging around," she mumbled this last.

"Were you now, why would that be?"

"Look that's not important, what is important is that you and Uncle Theo need to shake a leg and get back to the holding pen before you have a rebellion on your hands," she laughed.

"I'll go and find him but I'm sure he'll be interested to know you've taken a shine to that quite dishy young man."

"Hey you're married and don't you think he's a bit young for you?"

"I can still appreciate a good-looking fella you know, despite this," he held up his left hand and wiggled his ring finger.

"Where's your enga,"

"My what?" he warned her.

"Your first ring," Emily finished.

"Still here come and look a bit closer."

So perfectly were the two rings made it was, unless you looked really closely, impossible to see the joint between them.

"Bloody hell that's brilliant!"

"And now they won't ever come apart."

"Really? That's awesome!"

"Rather like your Uncle Theo," Adrien smiled, "come on you break right I'll go left, let's find him so we can greet the rest of the gang."

"Hello people," Theo boomed happily when he and Adrien returned to the marquee, their nieces had followed them and stood with cameras at the ready to capture the moment their uncles let the cat out of the bag, "sorry for keeping you waiting my husband couldn't find me in the soiree already underway."

"But if you'd like to follow our nieces they'll guide you to where everyone's having a good time," Adrien added.

"Woah, hold on," it was Gareth the man who ran T.J.'s so well, "what did you just say boss?"

"Husband, he said husband, I know he did," Hugh the head barman at T.J.'s retorted.

"You're right he did," Marcus the head of security there added.

"I most certainly did, something over two hours ago Adrien and I married beneath that very cupola," Theo waved a hand towards the far end of the marquee.

"Brilliant!" Gareth shouted, "Congrats boss, you've finally made an honest man of him huh?"

There was applause, cheers and plenty of happy hugs before they followed the two young women, Adrien on the other hand pulled Theo in the opposite direction.

"This way," he murmured, not wanting anyone to follow them -- well not yet.

"What're you up to?" Theo asked as Adrien led him towards one of the hotel's smaller reception rooms.

"Ta-dah," Adrien smiled as he opened the door.

Inside the room had been transformed into a photographer's studio.

"Did you really think I'd let today pass without having some proper photos taken?"

"We can get some outside as well," even after dark," a young pretty woman said as she joined them, "hello again Professor."

"Hello Jeanie, this is my husband Theo, Theo this very talented lady and her equally talented sister are our official photographers."

"The Professor's plan was for me to take some shots of you both then we can bring in your family, get the parents of the groom type photos and then whoever wants a memento of the day can come and pose. Carrie will wander round your party taking more candid shots as well as ensuring no-one misses their chance to come here."

Neither man was truly comfortable in front of a camera but Jeanie and Carrie made the experience more fun than they'd expected. It was while Jeanie took a last couple of shots of Adrien that Carrie showed those already taken to Theo via their laptop.

"That one, Theo pointed to the screen "send me that one now please," he told her giving her his email address, it was a picture of Adrien leaning against a wall, arms crossed over his chest watching Theo being photographed.

"On its way Mister Jepson."

"Theo please, Mister Jepson's for business hours."

Carrie smiled,

"If you're sure, can I show you this one please?"

It was a photo she'd taken as her sister had been arranging two chairs on the dais, Theo and Adrien were standing to one side, Theo had his left arm draped over Adrien's shoulders and Adrien had raised his left hand to link their fingers and was looking at their joined hands as Theo looked at him, he nodded as soon as he saw it.

"Or there's this one," she said, it was another of her own informal portraits, the two men were sitting on a small sofa facing each other both with small smiles; it was an intimate moment captured at exactly the right point.

"You've a good eye Carrie, yes I'd like that one too."

Adrien's favourite was one of those ridiculously silly moments and it had had all four of them laughing uproariously. Theo had scooped Adrien up into his arms as if carrying him over the threshold of their home -- they'd both long-since stopped worrying about his heart when he exerted himself - the surprise had made Adrien throw his arms around Theo's neck as he'd thrown his head back laughing, clearly gloriously happy . Theo was looking at Adrien smiling like a Cheshire cat that had got the cream.

"It's the double e photo," Adrien had chortled when they'd seen Carrie's shot.

"The what?" she asked.

"Sorry private joke," Theo told her, nodding at her as he did so.

A short time later as Jeanie was taking photos of their family Theo's mobile pinged and Adrien, standing between his parents watched as Theo hit the keypad.

"What've you been up to?" Adrien asked as Grace and Emily posed together.

"Nothing," Theo looked too innocent as he answered.

"You're a terrible fibber Mister Jepson."

Before either could say more Theo's mobile glingled again.

"Theo," Adrien's tone held a note of warning.

"Well that's a surprise," he commented.

"What the ruddy hell have you done?"

Theo turned the 'phone for Adrien to see the screen, it showed the photo of them with their hands linked, below it he read,

"From double e to husband!"

"You've put that out there haven't you?"

"Yeah, and we've got responses," Theo scrolled down to show Adrien.

"And about time too! Luv ya both x" their nieces had been the first to reply.

"Our wonderful son and son-in-law," Dorothy had written.

"It so nearly didn't happen, makes it even more precious," Lindy wrote.

"What?!" this was from one of Theo's senior admin team.

"He's worth marrying," Lx

"That's from," Adrien began.

"Li-anne," Theo put in.

There were many more but only one asked,

"What's double e mean?"

"Private joke," Theo replied.

"Jeanie, Carrie don't spend all night in here come and get some food and drink, as my temporary employees you're entitled to regular breaks," Adrien told them.

"Thanks Professor, Carrie was just off to take a wander round your party to make sure no-one misses their opportunity."

"Do you know any of the staff here?" Adrien asked as they walked slowly back to their wedding reception.

"A few why?"

"The event manager?"

"Been here about a year, I think, worked at one of my other places after university that's it. Why? You after a threesome to celebrate."

"Theo!" Adrien sounded shocked at the thought, "Don't be a silly bugger all your life, take a day off, you know I have a thing for older men Now Merrill's got a certain je ne sais quoi don't you think? Military bearing gives a guy a certain something."

Theo pulled Adrien to a halt and pinned him against the wall,

"Merrill's as straight as a die and you are one toy I am most definitely not sharing, with anyone."

They both knew their words were nothing more than teasing, troilism appealed to neither of them.

"Not even as a wedding present?" Adrien was fighting a flirtatious smirk but his tone and body language more than made up for it.

"Not even if it was god all-fucking-mighty begging to join in," Theo snarled in Adrien's ear.

"In that case I'll tell the youngster to stand down shall I?"

"Adrien tell me what the fuck you're on about or I swear I'll tan your arse so hard you won't be able to sit down for our entire honeymoon," he growled as he bit Adrien's neck, his dominance roaring inside him.

"That a promise? Even if I do tell you."

Theo groaned and ground his hips into Adrien,

"Every fucking night if you want."

The chances of them actually doing any of it were slim to none it was the mind-games that aroused them both.

"Emily fancies him I think."

"Should I be worried?"

"Only if her shy persona's a front for a raving nympho," Adrien sniggered, "which I very much doubt."

"It's a good job we're going somewhere that's exceedingly private because every time your arse stops being cherry red I'll see it and I'll leather it again."

"Oh, yeah, really? And how's that going to happen?"

Adrien was back to his totally OTT flirting but part of him was starting to think Theo wasn't entirely joking.

"You'll have to wait and see."

"Yo Uncs!" they heard Emily call, giving Theo time to put a half-step's distance between them, "you there? People are asking for you, it is your wedding reception you know you ought to put in a bit of a personal appearance," she finished as she rounded the corner of the corridor that led to the ballroom.

"On our way Em," Theo told her.

Emily nodded and turned to go back the way she'd come.

"Party time I think," Adrien smiled as they moved to follow her.

"First dance time," Theo grinned wickedly.

"No, very definitely not, no way and no in that order."

"Are we having the whole engagement ring, fiancé, with or without the double e, conversation again?"

"No, that was a part of a private conversation between us that," Adrien pointed towards the ballroom doors, "is way too public."

"For crying out loud I kissed you in front of more than half of them barely three hours ago."

"Yes but that was different, it was trad, exp," he stopped knowing that whatever he said he'd paint himself into a corner.

"Traditional, expected?" Theo said what Adrien couldn't, smirking.

"Theo please, we don't do the whole smooching thing in public, not even at T.J.'s."

"Who said anything about smooching? We could go all stupid and have the ruddy Birdie Song for all I care."

"This is what I need to even begin thinking about saying yes. Two, no three, glasses of champagne with a shot of Finlandia to follow and nothing, abso-bloody-lutely nothing that requires one of us to lead the other, no waltz, no tango, nothing."

"Champagne it is then," Theo chortled as he pulled open the ballroom door.

Both men stopped dead, the music, the lights, the decoration all this they expected the screen at the back of the stage showing a montage of stills covering their lives before and after they met they did not.

"Another of your surprises?"

"Does this look like the face of a man expecting that?"

It took a moment or two for Emily's words to register,

"The girls," they said together.

"What d'you think, cool huh?" Emily said as she all but bounced over to them.

"Your handiwork I take it," Theo smiled.

"Not entirely, I mean Dorothy and gramps had to go digging way back through the family archives for starters."

"Less of that cheeky madam," Adrien laughed, "or my husband's going to be all grumpy on the first night of our honeymoon."

"Where's that going to be then?"

"We'll tell you when we get back," Theo replied.

Yes they partied long into the night, yes they had fun and yes they had their first dance.

"Ladies and gentlemen," the DJ announced, "as tradition dictates I present our newlyweds Theo and Adrien in their first dance of the evening."

Their guests had all laughed loudly when the opening lines of "Let's Do The Time Warp Again" had rung out; well before the song was half-way through those of their guests who knew the film or song well enough, led by Grace and Emily, had formed a line facing them to join in. They'd watched the film countless times when their nieces stayed with them (Emily had even asked which one would play the transvestite character the first time they'd gone to the live show -- neither had!)

Slowly their guests departed, first those who'd arrived on the luxury coach then those who would be staying at the hotel until only Theo, Adrien and their DJ remained in the ballroom,

"I've left instructions for powering down the rig with the event manager Mister Jepson, she's all yours. Congratulations gentlemen, I hope you had a good time."

"We most certainly did," Adrien confirmed.

"Yes, we did," Theo confirmed shaking the young man's hand, "thank-you," he walked to the ballroom doors with him.

"Now we're alone can I have the first dance we should have had if you hadn't gone all 'fiancé with a double e' weird on me."

"Meaning?"

"And by the way no-one's going to interrupt or see us because we're locked in or rather the world's locked out," Theo added as he walked to the sound rig, he pressed a couple of buttons and the room was filled with soft gentle music, k.d. lang's "Constant Craving".
