 This is all true. Names have been changed for the safety of those involved.

It all started with a meeting. 

I was starting my own marketing business and trying to gain clients. I had already had one client and it was going well but it wasn't enough money to support myself and I realized I needed to get another client or 2. 

I realized my doctor had his own private practice but no website and on a whim called him up and asked for a meeting to discuss whether he needed my services. He agreed and we decided to meet the next week around lunch time and he would discuss what exactly he needed and we would see if we aligned.

The next week arrived and we met for lunch.

"Hey, man! How are you?" Dr. Rodgers said as he shook my hand. 

"I'm doing great! Just been working a little and a little bit of traveling," I answered. "How's Terrence?"

"The boy's doing great. He moved to Chicago and is trying out for Second City so we'll see how that goes," he responded. His openly gay son, Terrence, and I had been...acquainted...a few times (another story for another time).

"Let's get down to business," Dr. R said. "I do not even know the first thing about a website but every client tells me we need a better one but now I cannot even find it on the web. All I know is that Terrence's friend, Joe, set it up for us a couple years ago."

"Well, maybe I can get in touch with him and figure out what your domain is so I can map it to a new website," I suggested.

"That's an excellent idea! I can send his contact info over to you real fast. As you know, I have a gay son, but just a warning that even Terrence says that Joseph is a 'flamer,'" Dr. R quipped. This was saying something considering Terrence was about as openly gay as possible ever since he was a kid. 

You may be asking yourself why he felt the need to warn me. First off, I am as closeted as they come. I love women. They love me. But I also love cock. I can't explain it. Second, we live in Texas where not everyone is receptive to people who are different from themselves.

Anyways, Dr. Rodgers and I had a lengthy meeting where he told me everything from his wife's taste in music to how he got into the medical profession. He's a bit of a chatterbox.

I leave the practice and decide to go ahead and get the website stuff done since I didn't want to waste anyone's time. I call Joe on his cell phone and he picks up. 

"Hello?" He did sound very effeminate.

"Hey this is [redacted] and I am doing some work for Dr. Rodgers and I was wondering if you had some info I could use. I am trying to get his website back up and running so his patients can get his info," I explained to him. "I was wondering if we could set up a time to meet and you could get me some of that info so I can help him out."

"Oh, yeah! That's fantastic! What day do you want to meet up?" Joe asked me. "I'm free anytime."

I couldn't help but notice how sexy and erotic his tone of voice was. 

"I'm free anytime too and I'd rather meet as soon as possible," I answered.

"I'm free today. Let's meet at 2 at my home/office" He suggested. He actually said 'slash' too which elicited a chuckle out of me.

"That works. See you then." 

My phone then buzzed that I had an email. It was Joe. He had sent me a note with some directions. The email read as follows:

"Bring your laptop if you can and try not to get lost!" 

So I waited until about 1:30 and then decided to hit the road to his house. It was a relatively easy drive and so I arrived about 15 minutes early. I decided to go ahead and walk up the front walk and ring the doorbell. 

But as I approached the front door I could see through the front window if I really peered. What I saw was incredible. 

I saw someone I assumed to be Joe (I had never met him) naked in his living room...gay porn on the television and with a dildo suction cupped to his cabinets. It looked like he had just gotten undressed because he wasn't actually fucking the dildo yet. I decided I wanted to have a little fun and so I quickly rang the doorbell. Probably gave the poor guy a heart attack in the process, but I heard a muffled "Uhhh just a minute," from Joe and I waited for him to answer the door.

Finally after about 5 minutes he answered the door.

"Oh man I am so sorry! I thought I had time. I decided to shower and was finishing up when you rang the door bell."

I knew this was a lie but I played along. "Oh okay that explains it," I said with a little chuckle. 

Joe was very attractive. Dr. Rodgers was right; this guy was clearly gay from the look of him. He had bleached blonde hair in a comb over with darker hair on the sides. He wore tight pants and toms shoes and I could see his dick, now quickly approaching flaccidity. He was about 5'8" and my guess was he was around 130 or 140. He was a little guy, especially compared to my 6'2" 190 lbs frame. Surprising to me was the fact that Joe was clearly a few years younger than me.

"Go take a seat at the kitchen table," He said. "Go into the living room and take a right through that door."

As I walked into the living room I spotted something. It was the dildo, still safely secured to the cabinet. He had forgotten to put it up in the frenzy that was my arrival. I knew I was going to make some sort of move but wasn't sure what it was until I spotted the dildo. I walked up to it and pulled it off the cabinet and went back to the kitchen. 

"I'll be in in just a minute," He yelled from the other room. It sounded like he was gathering some papers or something off his desk. So I waited.

"Alright. Let's see what I have. Here's the password to the server. You'll need that. And here's the twitter page info and password. I don't even think I ever used it. Might be a good idea. I don't know. Up to you. Oh and here's the web address if you want to go check out if it's still live."

I listened to everything he had to say and decided to keep the dildo hidden until the right opportunity arose. We discussed his strategies he employed and things I planned to implement (somehow I was able to stay focused despite wanting to make my move).  

"Alright! Sounds great," Joe concluded. "Is there anything else you need?"

"Actually, yes there is," I explained. "I found this," I said as I pulled the dildo out from under the table, "And I was wondering why it was suction cupped to the cabinet."

He was mortified and clearly disappointed in himself.

"FUCK! I am such an idiot," He shouted with his hands on his face.

Now I felt bad. I was playing a little game but to this point I had just been sorta cruel. I decided to make my real move.

"It's okay, Joe. I understand COMPLETELY," I explained to him. "We're not so different." 

"Oh...really? What do you mean?"

"I mean I play the same way sometimes..." It was true. I had my own dildo in college and although it was too thick (Such a disappointment) to put in my ass I still enjoyed playing with it. 

"Oh. Wow. I had no idea. You're so masculine I assumed you were probably disgusted by the whole thing. You have no idea how relieved I am. I thought I had done something horrible," He said quickly.

We then talked about our experiences with sex and other things. Turns out he has only had sex with 1 guy before, a long term boyfriend who broke things off shortly after moving in with him. So he lived alone and hadn't really received any action since because he was so shy.

I told him my story, experiences like my FWB with my food delivery guy in Austin and a couple other experiences as well. 

Then the talk became sorta flirty with him telling me what he thought I'd be good at and the next thing I know, he is rubbing his hands on my thighs. At this point obviously I know where we're going. 

He then gets on the ground and unzips my pants. My cock is as hard as ever as he pulls it towards him and takes it in his mouth. He didn't waste any time and starts deep throating me. My cock is about 7" and he took it all the way in his mouth like it was nothing. It was so hot.

I pulled my shirt above my head and then kicked my pants and shoes off so I could be totally nude. 

"Let's move this in the bedroom," Joe said. "We don't want any neighbors knocking and seeing something."

We moved on to the bedroom and while we walked I pulled his shirt above his head and then as he turned around I pulled his pants down to his ankles and he kicked them off.

"Get on the bed! I want to try something," He suggested.

I got on the bed and Joe straddles my head on his knees and leans down and sucks my cock. As he does this he pushes his body down on mine. I wouldn't exactly call it 69, but his ass was in my face within tongue's reach. 

"Eat my ass," He exclaimed.

So I did. Because he was so much shorter than me his cock was nowhere near my mouth but his tight little asshole was. I leaned up and started gently and then forcefully pushing my tongue into his ass. He was completely hairless on his ass and it was like eating a woman's ass almost. He started moving down on my face and pulsing, almost like his ass was fucking my face. 

He then took my cock out of his mouth and said, "I think you're ready."

He then got up on his knees and walked himself over to where his ass was right on my cock. He picked my cock up off my stomach and then sat down on it. It went in easily because of all the saliva on his ass and my cock. He starts bucking me and holy shit he can fuck. I'd never had sex like this before and I'm not sure I have since. He was so tight that I pretty much came as soon as he started gyrating on top of me. It was incredible. His ass was like 2 perfect circles and I could tell he had fucked many, many times before despite only having 1 partner. 

I then picked him up and put him on all fours. Then I was in charge. I pushed my cock so deep I could feel everything inside him. He screamed with pleasure and I could see fluid coming out of his ass.

I then flipped him over for missionary. I pumped him, in and out, in and out. Over and over. For a solid 10 minutes. Then all of a sudden he starts twitching and cum starts shooting out of his cock, unaided, as a result of the constant pumping. 

Then I got off of him and got on top. I pushed his cock in my ass to let him finish some more and he did within about a minute. 

"Oh my god that was incredible!" Joe exhaled. "I haven't been fucked like that in a long time."

We then exchanged pleasantries and made plans to meet up again with some friends of his.

To this day we fool around and/or fuck bi-weekly and I have the quick drive to thank for it.