 Another story.........

I've read so many stories about glory hole sex, I've been so fascinated about the anonymous cock poking thru the wall, begging to be sucked. I wanted to experience that, to be the one sitting there waiting for a ripe fat cock to poke thru the wall. To wrap my lips around the heavy shaft, stroking it with my tongue until I am rewarded for my efforts by that thick load of salty cum.

Unfortunately I live in a city where there are no suck booths. There are many adult bookstores, many porn booths, but they have been policed for the holes, repaired or replaced by solid walls. 

One day I was in the city, and decided to get a new toy for my girlfriend. She loves it when I lick her pussy, fingering her sopping cunt till she cums all over my tired and aching hand. So I wanted a new Jelly Vibe to replace my fingers while I eat her pussy, and I went to the porn shop nearest my parking garage. 

It was a rather small place, but with a decent selection of toys and potions. It also had a turnstile leading to the private viewing booths. After purchasing a nice purple cock for my girl, I decided to explore this dark area where people watch movies and whack off with only the barest hint of privacy. 

It was all done in dark wood paneling, with little pictures of random sexual acts portrayed on movie marquis. Each little cubicle was like a dark little phone booth, with only a cheap curtain for privacy. 

There were a few, older men, pretty freaky looking, wandering around and peeking in to the booths. No one was speaking to anyone, and from what I saw, no one was touching anyone but themselves, rubbing hard cocks, trapped inside old faded slacks. It was turning me on.

Finally I walked into an unoccupied booth down a very short hallway. The floor was dirty but it only looked like road dirt. No wadded up tissues, or dried spunk stains in sight. That made me happy enough to sit down and put some coins in the slot

The movies showing were OK, a few nasty porno's with big black cocks crammed into some blond bimbo. A couple of interesting gay flicks caught my attention. I left the dial when a scene came on with a woman and two men sucking each other in a daisy chain.

An Italian looking guy was giving the most incredible service to the other guy's humongous prick. This thing was nearly as big as my forearm but that guy sucked most all of it into his throat. What a stud! I was getting hard as a rock watching this action and had to adjust myself in the baggy jeans I was wearing. 

I was so caught up in the movie, that I didn't notice three pairs of eyes watching me stroke my dick that was poking down my leg. 

Suddenly I felt a hand on my leg and I jumped. This older man, that looked like he should be called Melvin, was staring transfixed by the outline of my big prick. He looked at me in askance, I just shrugged my shoulders in response. I guess that it was enough, because he immediately placed his hand right on my cock and began to slowly trace the length of it with his whole meaty hand.

I didn't know what to do, I was in complete shock that this 50ish geek of a man was standing in front of me, looking like that dude in "Office Space," the one with the stapler, rubbing my cock!

And I liked it!

I looked back to the TV screen and the Italian was laying in 69 position, over the woman, greedily eating her out. He was slurping that pussy as she sucked his prick and that giant piece of man meat was being rammed in his ass.

My cock twitched, and that was all that Melvin needed to feel, for him to drop to his knees in front of me. I didn't even watch him as he unzipped my fly and deftly pulled my throbbing erection from my pants.

I looked at the other two men who had been watching, as Melvin went down on me. 

My GOD! He took my cock completely down his throat at first contact. His nose was buried in my pubic hair. The one man, a skinny fellow with a shaved head just grinned as Melvin worked his magic. Sliding all the way up, then all the way down on my then, huge and pulsing shaft. 

I looked at him again. He looked like a Michael Stripe wannabe. The hunger in my eyes must have been unmistakable, for he stepped forward as he unzipped his pants and presented his nice ripe cock to my waiting lips. 

It wasn't huge, a nice fat 6 inch cock that I craved like a starving man would a sirloin steak. I wrapped my lips around a cock for the second, and not the last time in my life, and swallowed it the way Melvin had my own. 

Melvin was still gobbling my prick like a possessed man, never touching me with his hands, but taking me in full, long, quick strokes that were driving straight to the brink. 

I started to moan around Michael's fat little shaft and stroked him with my spit-lubed hand, while I tongued his head. I felt that wonderful cock start to expand just as I was reaching that same point of ecstasy. 

I exploded

I filled Melvin's mouth with one of the largest loads of hot cum that has ever come forth from my loins. Again and again I sent spurts of my hot seed into his willing and waiting throat. 

Just as I thought I was done, Michael burst forth a hot rush of semen and I tasted a man's cum for the first time. I tried to keep up, but it was pouring from my lips as a renewed torrent came rushing out of my cock, surprising poor Melvin who had just released me, and splattering his face with my pearly jism. 

Melvin went back to work cleaning me off as I sucked Michael till he was limp. When he was done, Melvin just stood up with his head bowed and whispered "Thank You." Michael zipped up and did the same. 

I just sat in shock at my first real homosexual experience and wiped the cum from my chin. Then I zipped up and went home. 

I never saw those two again, and I have yet to return to that bookstore ...alone.