 When I was a lot younger, my parents bought a pop-up camper and we went camping about once a month in the various state parks. Unfortunately they weren't very adventurous and once you've seen one campground you've kind of seen them all. They would often go hiking together and I would spend a lot of time lounging around in the camper, reading.

It was always hot and sticky and I looked forward to taking a nightly shower. It was refreshing and if nothing else the ones that had private stalls gave me an opportunity to beat off, so at least something eventful would happen that day.

One such time though, I was really horny and disappointed to see that the campground's showers were the large communal type. I hadn't seen anybody else around on the way in so I assumed I would not be bothered. The place had old plumbing so the pipes were noisy. After a while of jumping at every squeak and clank, thinking someone was entering, I relaxed, letting the water cascade over me and started stroking softly at my cock.

Things got awkward a few seconds later when the next sound I heard was that of a man clearing his throat. Mortified, I looked over and saw a middle-aged guy standing in the doorway. There was no hiding what I was doing; he had a full view, and who knew how long he had been standing there. A stranger had just caught me masturbating in the public showers.

"I...um..."

He chuckled. "Don't worry about it. I do it all the time."

Unfazed, he walked up to the spigot next to mine. I wasn't sure what to do. He did though- he turned on the water and dropped his shorts, his thick cock dangling free before me. I'd never been this close to another man's penis. It's all a matter of perspective, but at the time, it seemed absolutely huge.

He quickly soaped himself down and continued, "Matter of fact, I kinda wish I could do it right now. Would you mind if I did?"

"What? Uh...um...no..." I stammered, completely at a loss for words. What was going on?

He started to stroke himself right in front of me. I watched in awe, my own erection aching, wanting desperately for me to do the same.

"You ever had someone else stroke it for you?"

I shook my head. "Do you mind if I show you, then?"

He reached out towards my groin and I didn't object; I stepped closer. His hand wrapped around my shaft and he started tugging my foreskin gently back and forth, over my swollen cockhead, while he stroked his own rod in time. Occasionally he would let me slip and rub his soapy hand under my balls, massaging them before taking me again in his warm grip. I moaned softly as he continued his ministrations. It was the most amazing feeling I had ever experienced.

"We shouldn't be doing this here though. Would you like to come to my camper so we can do more?"

I wasn't sure what "more" meant, but the man had shown me a slice of heaven and I was in no rush to go back to my boring weekend. "Yes," I answered, confident for the first time that afternoon.

He rinsed off while I did the same, then we both left wearing nothing but our towels. I carried my belongings conspicuously at groin level to hide my boner, but I was so nervous on the way to his camper. What if he was a serial killer? What if he was a kidnapper? What if my parents found out?

Thankfully it was a short walk; his camper was a late model but well-maintained. He opened the door and bade me enter first. This was it, then. "Go on in; make yourself comfortable. Sit anywhere you like."

I took a seat in the dining area; it was cozy and faced a minibar with a small CRT TV mounted above it.

He entered and started closing all the curtains. I was nervous about what was going to happen next. Even though I could have run and fled, I wasn't sure I wanted to.

He saw me eyeing his television. "I've got some dirty movies if you're into that sort of thing," he grinned. Apparently my reaction was telling enough. "What types of stuff are you into?"

By that point my vice of choice was written smut, since the tiny .txt files downloaded much quicker on the shitty AOL connection we had at home. Beyond that I took what I could get; I had seen and masturbated to clips of normal sex, group sex, older/younger action, some tranny porn and even some gay stuff. He perked up at my mention of gangbangs though. "I've got one you might like."

He popped it in the VCR and sat down on the bench next to me before drawing back his towel and letting his massive erection spring free again. "Let's get comfortable, shall we?" he said, eyeing my towel.

I stood up and took off my own. His eyes were all over me as my own erection popped free. "You've got a great body," he said to me.

I blushed and sat back down. Together we watched as some pointless exposition was going on. "Let's skip to the good stuff."

He fast-forwarded and stopped right as we saw a man running his hands all over this busty brunette girl, teasing her shirt and playing with her boobs. A few seconds later, she was topless.

I was startled by the feel of a hand on my thigh, and as the girl's boobs were fondled the hand moved to my groin. I saw that my partner was stroking us both at the same time again. I leaned back and enjoyed his ministrations while we watched another man enter the scene and start to remove her shorts.

I looked down at my partner's lap and felt a little guilty, but also curious. "Can I..." I started to ask while motioning at his groin.

He seemed pleased. "Of course!"

I reached out and grasped this man's penis. It was warm, and very soft despite being erect. He groaned softly as I tugged at the cut skin of his cock, stroking back and forth as he did the same to me. It was a little difficult jerking him off because he was pretty tightly cut so there wasn't much slack to play with, but I did what I could. I was ready to cum at any minute but thankfully he seemed to sense it and would stop for a few seconds periodically. There we sat, stroking each other's cocks, while watching this girl work on undressing first one, then the other man. They both approached her cock-first, until there were two of them in her face. She laughed and seemed to be enjoying herself, reaching out to grab one and then the other cock, stroking them both at the same time, much like we were.

"God, she's so hot," he would comment from time to time.

I nodded and we kept watching. The girl took turns licking the tip of one cock while jerking it before turning her attention to the other.

My arm was starting to get tired from jerking my partner at an awkward angle. He suggested I move to the floor, between his legs, so I did so. I was now at face level with this man's cock but continued jerking him even though he couldn't do me anymore. I was having fun with the experience so I didn't mind. It was also kinda fun mimicking the girl's actions in the movie.

We watched as the girl motioned to one of the guys and led his cock to her waiting mouth, like the most natural thing in the world.

"Fuck, that's so hot. Have you ever felt what that feels like?"

I looked at him, then the girl, then did the last thing in the world I thought I'd ever do...I leaned down and licked the head of his cock. It tasted fleshy and smelled of soap; his knees buckled as I kept licking at him with the tip of my tongue, like a lollipop, rubbing his soft cockhead across my lips and cheeks. The more I did it, the wetter he got, and before long the head of his cock was in my mouth.

"Oh, god, you're so hot, you're so fucking sexy..."

Slowly I started bobbing on his rod, taking more and more of him into my mouth, just like the girl in the film. I would pause every now and then to let the saliva drip down and provide lube to stroke him some more, then pop him back into my mouth. He groaned and stroked my head, running his fingers through my hair, as I dutifully sucked and stroked his soaking wet meatflute.

The girl in the film was getting her boobs groped and cunt fingered while she sucked on both cocks. I had since gotten on all fours since it gave me easier access to his cock. He ran his hands down my back, rubbing firmly over my ass, before delicately tickling at my rosebud. I had never felt anything like it before; I had played with my ass, sure, but never like this.

"Oh god this is so fucking hot you're so fantastic..."

The scene changed; the girl was on all fours as well and getting fucked from behind. "Would you like to try that?" he suggested.

I didn't answer; just turned around and faced away from him. I had no idea what to expect but his fingering me felt fantastic and the girl in the film seemed to love it. He got onto the floor with me and gripped my cheeks while rubbing his cock between them, brushing against my anus with his dripping cock.

The girl's large breasts swayed back and forth with every thrust. I reveled in the sensations of his silky head tickling my own sphincter, desperately wondering what it would feel like to take it to the next level, to have him push through my closed rosebud and to feel another human inside of me.

I was a little scared; he poked at my anus a few times, obviously trying to gain entry, but failing. "Try to relax," he advised, but I was too tight. Penetration absolutely not happening, he redirected his efforts and started thrusting between my thighs, his cock rubbing briskly against mine, our balls slapping, his pubes tickling my backside.

Finally, he grunted and spasmed before I felt a warm fluid spray down my thighs. Then he collapsed on top of me, breathing heavily.

"That was so fucking amazing. You're a dirty boy, aren't you?"

I grinned and blushed again.

"I don't think I have any more in me right now. Sorry to leave you hanging. If you want to, I'll be here for another few days if you want to come by and meet up again. I'll return the favor for you!"

I told him it sounded great. He introduced himself as Tom. I came by his camper once I had some time to myself the next day but he wasn't around, but luckily we did get to meet up one last time before we all parted ways. I wish we had kept in contact; I barely know anything about him, but you never forget your first!