 My latest bondage creation has got to be my finest. It has all the components necessary to make both the slave and the master very happy.

I started with some square tube steel; forming it into an upside down "Y" with a crossbar two thirds of the way up the leg of the Y. Both the crossbar and the leg of my inverted Y are adjustable to allow for the height of the slave. At the point were the V comes together with the leg of the Y is a pivot point attached to a stand that allows the whole thing to be rotated horizontal or even all the way over to inverted.

At the ends of the bars are automobile trunk latches, five of these latches are placed to accept the steel rings attached to the steel cuffs I made for attaching the slave. These latches have the benefit of quickly locking the slave into the device as well as allowing quick release when a slave can no longer stand the punishment/pleasure and screams out the safe word. All of the latches are controlled by levers that will release all or just one at a time and the levers are placed safely out of reach of the slave. There is one each for the wrists, ankles and neck completely immobilizing the slave.

At strategic points on the device I also added clips and sockets to allow for adding maximum discomfort to the slave. Having finished this masterpiece and the accompanying steel cuffs I showed it to my wife who is usually the test subject for my creations. She was quick to point out it was her weekend to be in charge and I would be the one testing my newest torture device.

The wife and I have been experimenting with bondage and our own desires trying to fulfill each others deepest fantasies. Recently I confessed to my wife my desire to taste a real cock. I have made other bondage devices that allow her to feed me my own cum and I have taken to eating her after sex to get all my seed out of her magnificent pussy. She has taken to this with enthusiasm and enjoys fucking my ass with her ever larger strap-ons while telling me how turned on she is. The thought of me bound, with another mans cock in my mouth and her in my ass turns her on almost as much as it does me. We have not discussed the possibility of her letting the other man fuck me too but I'm sure the thought has crossed her mind. I don't know if I am ready for the complete homosexual experience but I'm sure my wife has masturbated while picturing me filled with real cock.

Saturday morning she got up early and told me I was her salve today and I had better get myself ready. I had to make breakfast and then move my bondage device into our playroom all while completely nude. As if being nude was not enough she had me sit on a large but plug while we ate our breakfast and keep it in until she was ready to replace it with something larger. 

Once I had our playroom ready for her she ordered me to the shower and I had to clean, scrub and shave myself. I had to shave all the hair off my cock and balls and around my asshole. Next she removed the plug and gave me an enema. When I was clean to her satisfaction she placed a tight cock ring around my cock and balls while sucking me to a raging hard on. When I was fully erect she placed a second cock ring at the base of my stiff member effectively insuring a hard on for as long as she liked. She then placed a weighted ball spreader on my swollen balls and replaced the butt plug.

I had to show her how the cuffs were locked using small brass locks to my wrists and ankles followed by the one around my neck. When I had all the cuffs in place she gave my rock hard cock a slap and then knelt to take it in her mouth. She sucked me until I was begging her to release my cock and let me cum, She just shook her head and stopped sucking leaving me whimpering for more.

With a smack on my ass she ordered me into the playroom. I walked in and noticed she had moved the device under the lamp in the center of the room making it look like it was on display. She also told me she had come up with a name for the device; she was calling it the "Stocks" because that's what it looked like.

We tested the latches and the release mechanism before she told me to step in and get locked down! I stepped up and we adjusted the arms and legs to stretch me wide, I shuddered at the metallic click of the latches as they closed. When the last cuff around my neck was attached to the stocks I knew I had just given complete control to my wife and what ever she had planned I had no choice but to accept it. It was more excitement than fear that caused my goose bumps.

Standing in front of me my beautiful wife kissed me and went about making sure I was not too comfortable. On the top of the stocks where the neck latch is, I had built in a clamp that my wife used to attach a large dildo. She adjusted the fake cock to form an effective gag filling my mouth and stifling any sounds I might make. Next she attached bungee cords to the clips on the neck of the stocks and the other end to heavy clover style clamps she closed on my tender nipples. The cords pulled the clamps tightly and crushed my nipples while stretching them obscenely. She was not finished because I felt her attaching a cord to the cock rings pulling my cock straight out in front of me and attaching it to some heavy weights she let dangle over the stand that held the stocks upright. She did the same for my balls and I thought she was trying to rip them off with the amount of weight she hung off my poor testicles.

Standing back to admire her work she told me not to go anywhere and with that she left me alone to think about my predicament, but before she left the room she placed a heavy blindfold over my eyes sealing me in my mind. The pull of the weights on my cock, balls and nipples sent searing pain through my body but I was still too excited about what she had planned to think about anything but my raging hard on.

I struggled to hear her in her preparations but the playroom had very effective sound proofing. I thought I heard a knock on the door and voices but I could not be sure and went back to thinking about what might happen to me. I have no idea how long she let me think about things before the door opened and I was brought back to reality. I felt her breath on the back of my neck and heard her heels on the floor as she walked around me. Teasingly she dragged a fingernail over my skin before she gave my exposed back side a firm slap.

She whispered in my ear you're going to get what you always wanted today and with that she pulled the butt plug out of my ass with a jerk.

Inserting four of her fingers she fucked my ass with a lube covered hand while stroking my cock with the other. I could feel her strap on against my leg as she worked her fingers in and out of my ass and I thought I knew what was coming. I felt her move behind me and I tried to relax my sphincter to allow her easy access, I felt the tip of a cock press against my opening and then in one hard thrust it was buried deep in my ass.

As I recovered from the assault on my hole I felt two rough, calloused hands on my shoulders and then I felt another set of balls slap against my own. My mind raced and I tried to decide if it was really another man or just my wife and her strap on when my blind fold was removed and I was looking at my wife as she stroked my swollen cock.

She saw the surprise in my eyes and whispered in my ear how much this was turning her on. I could not deny that being fucked by another man was a great turn on for me, and it was having the same effect on my wife. With the big cock buried deep in my ass my wife unlocked the pivot on the stocks and rotated me face down.

Now horizontal he had better traction to drive his cock deep into me. My wife knelt in front of me and removed the dildo gag. Kissing me deeply before I could say anything she knew how to get me to let go and enjoy the sensations I was feeling. Standing she shoved her strap on down my throat and started fucking my face while her accomplice reamed my back door. That's it take it all for me baby I heard her say as she slammed her fake cock in to my mouth. My mind was swimming on the verge of overload as I contemplated what was happening. I was being fucked by some strange man while my wife fucked my face with a strap on. I was in ecstasy when I felt my wife pull her cock out of my mouth and at the same time he pulled his cock out of my ass. I felt strangely empty and opened my eyes to see his cock in front of my face. Kneeling down next to his large member my wife looked me in the eye and told me to suck it, this is what you always wanted she told me as she guided his cock to my lips. I opened my mouth and took in the cock that had just been in my own ass. I tasted myself on his cock as I had when my wife did this to me with her strap on and I sucked his cock deeper. He started a rhythm and I sucked as much of his cock into my mouth as I could fit with out gagging. 

My wife had moved behind me and was stuffing the largest dildo she had ever used on me up my ass. I felt her pouring lube on the monster cock as she pushed it in stretching my hole wider and wider. She screamed for me to take it all as she began to fuck me with long thrusts. Each time she would pull almost all the way out before slamming back in further each time. The cock in my mouth was starting to swell and I knew it would not be long before I tasted another mans cum. With a scream my wife rammed her giant cock deep in to my bowels as she convulsed through her orgasm. Seeing this pushed our friend over the edge as he shot load after load down my throat. I swallowed what I could before he pulled out to shoot some on my face.

My wife had detached her cock from the strap on harness and come around to thank our guest. I could not bend my neck up enough to see his face but I watched as she stroked the last few drops of cum from his softening cock and wipe it on my face. I could hear her kissing him as she led him out of the playroom. I felt a pang of jealousy as I heard the door close and I was left to think about what had happened.

The door opened and I heard the click of her heels as she walked around to kiss me and feed me the cum that was on my face. She stood the stocks upright and released the latches. She told me to lie down on the floor and she mounted my still restricted cock. Riding me like a bicycle she brought herself to another orgasm and released the cock rings causing me to explode in an orgasm of my own.

I surprised myself with the load I gave her and she quickly got off my cock and sat on my face. I licked and sucked her clit until she came again giving me all of her juices as well as my own. I drank what felt like a gallon of our love when she noticed I was still hard. She took me in her mouth and sucked as I continued to work her clit and pussy. It was not long before she came again and I filled her mouth with another huge load. She turned and kissed me passing my cum back to me for my third dose of the day.

As she caught her breath I swallowed my cum and ran the events of this day over in my head. She brought me back with slap on my thigh reminding me I was still stuffed with her huge dildo. she told me I looked comfortable with the giant fake cock in my ass and maybe we should leave it there for the rest of the day. The day is not over, I might have to call a few more guys for you she told me as she walked out of the room. I smiled and thought about getting gang banged by two or three men.