 With one hand on his belt and the other on the doorknob, I hurriedly gave both hands a little twist. The door opened, and I pulled him in after me. He closed the door behind him.

Then I pounced. Before he could react, I pinned him to the door and kissed him, full on the mouth.

I thought, "So this is what it's like…" then my train of thought left the station as his hands went around my waist. We stayed there for a few minutes, just kissing… caressing. Suddenly, his hand went to my belt. I could feel my cock getting harder than it already was. He fumbled around for a second, then he had to use both hands. The entire time he was trying to undo my belt, I was kissing his face… his neck… I gently bit his shoulder, and he moaned.

Then he unzipped my pants, and it was my turn to moan. His hands ran down the sides of my crotch, and he pulled my pants open. They fell down on their own. I nuzzled his neck gently as he kissed me and felt me all over. I pulled myself away for a second, but only to whip off my shirt. He teasingly ran his hands around my crotch… first on my stomach, then my legs, then he ran his fingers along the inside of my thigh. I pulled off my Hanes, and then I went straight to business… getting his pants off too.

I got down on my knees to undo his belt, and he pulled his shirt up over his head. It landed on the ground next to mine. The next thing I knew, I had his pants around his ankles, and his 8 inch hardon in my hand. I gently ran my fingers down it, and he moaned. My hand closed around his balls, and I massaged them for a moment. I could see his cock getting harder and higher. My other hand played with the tip of his penis while I kept rolling his balls around. Finally, he moaned out loud, and put both hands on the back of my head. I knew what he wanted.

And I gave it to him. I leaned forward and licked the base of his cock. He put his hands on my shoulders, and I kissed his hard cock.

"Please…" he moaned, "Just suck it…"

I licked the tip, and he moaned again. "Suck it… please…"

I put the tip in my mouth, and sucked and licked. He leaned back against the door for support, and put one hand on the wall to keep himself from falling over, and the other hand on the back of my head.

Going along with the gentle pressure of his right hand, I let him push me deeper onto his cock. It tasted… god… I don't know what it tasted like. I'd never done this before. All I knew was that I liked it. I got farther down… and I licked and sucked… then farther… I was halfway down his long cock. I was almost afraid I was going to choke.

So I did what I've seen in all the porno movies. I put my hand around the base of his cock, and pulled back a little… then forward… then back… it was like I was whacking him off and giving him head at the same time. He moaned again, and said something unintelligible.

I didn't know if I wanted to make him cum yet or not. I've tasted my own cum before, after I've left a mess on my sheets, but never anyone else's… I wanted to know what it was like. But before he got that far, he pulled my head back, and took my hand. He pulled me to my feet, then we walked, hand in hand, to my bed.

We lay down facing each other, kissing and fondling each other. Suddenly, he smiled at me, and said, "Stay here. I'll be right back."

He got up and grabbed his pants. A moment later, he came back, with a tube of lubricant he'd found in his pocket. He kissed me, gently, then opened it up. He poured a little on his hand, then gently started rubbing it on my cock.

My eyes almost rolled back in my head… it felt so good. "So this is what it's like…" I said.

He nodded. "It only gets better."

Then he told me to lay on my back. I did, and he sat down on my cock. I could feel his asshole stretching around it. I held on to the bed, waiting to fill him up with my hardon.

He grimaced. "Does it hurt?", I asked.

"A little bit. It's okay… it's been a while for me. Don't worry. I'm okay."

"Okay, good…" I said. It felt so good… I just wanted to grab his legs and force him down all the way onto my cock. "Oh god…"

He was only halfway down my cock, and it already felt like heaven. He smiled at me, and started bucking his hips slowly.

"Oh god… don't stop… don't stop…" was all I could say. I thrust myself up into his tight ass, and he moaned, and kept riding. With every thrust of mine, and every motion of his hips, my cock was forced deeper and deeper into his hot ass. "Fuck me… fuck me…"

"No," he yelled, "Fuck me! Fuck me good!"

So I did. I grabbed his legs and forced him all the way down. He yelled, but I could tell by the look on his face that he loved it. He wrapped his hands around my waist to hold on for dear life while I started bucking and giving him the ride of his life. We went on like this for what felt like hours… the bedsprings creaking, the two of us moaning and gasping…

Finally I started to wear out. As I slowed down, he took his right hand off of my side and reached behind himself. I felt his fingers run down my shaft and caress my balls.

"Oh, god that feels good…" I said, "Don't stop…"

I kep thrusting, slower, but as deep as I could. He kept smiling down at me, bucking his hips, and fondling me. Suddenly, he stopped, and he pulled himself off my cock.

"Don't stop…" I begged, but he simply grabbed onto my cock and started pleasuring me. It felt so good I forgot what I was saying. Before I knew what was happening, he was lying face-first on the bed, and he was guiding my cock back to his tight little ass. I put my hands on his hips, and then just fucked like I've never fucked before. He didn't make a sound, he just held onto the bedframe with all of his strength while I tore up his backside. Finally, I felt it…

"I'm gonna cum… god… I'm about to cum…"

He just said, "Cum inside me… I want to feel it… cum inside me."

So I did. With a final thrust, I gave him the biggest load of cum I've ever sprayed at once. Then a little more… then a little more. Finally, I was spent, and I pulled myself out.

We held each other for a few minutes and kissed. Then he whispered in my ear, "Not bad for a first time… now it's my turn."

I didn't know whether to be afraid or not, but he gently rubbed lubricant into my hole, then onto his cock. I helped spread it around a little bit, and then I laid down face-first on the bed. I felt him stick one finger in my ass… then two. It was tight, but it didn't hurt yet.

Then the fingers came out… and his 8 inches started to come in.

"Be gentle." I said, and I held on to the bed.

He kissed the back of my neck, "I am… believe me. You'll know when I'm being rough."

It hurt a lot, but I could feel his hard cock inside me… and I liked it. Then he pushed a little more… and a little more…

"God… be gentle… be gentle…"

Suddenly, he was all the way inside me. I don't know how it fit, but it did. I could feel it. It hurt more than anything I've ever felt… but at the same time it felt so good… so right.

"Fuck me," I said, "But be gentle…"

I felt him pulse in and out… slowly at first, and not very far. Then he started moving a little faster, and a little harder… in and out… in and out… it hurt so bad… but it felt so good.

"Harder…" I begged, "Faster…"

He did what I asked. It hurt so much. And I loved every second of it. "More… More…"

He grunted in my ear, and gave me more. Harder and faster… more and more…

Suddenly, I felt him go limp, and he came deep inside me. His cock went limp too. He kissed the back of my neck, and pulled himself out. "Definitely not bad for a first time…", he whispered in my ear.