 I've never considered myself gay or bisexual. I don't find men attractive or unattractive nor have I looked at another man and thought to myself, "I'd like to fuck him." But I have wondered what it would be like to have sex with a man. My curiosity was satisfied one night with a very close friend, Rowan.

Rowan and I met at university. We had declared the same major and therefore had many of the same classes. We became friends and throughout our academic career we often studied together and worked on projects together. At one point we even shared a room. Even years after our university times were over, we had stayed in contact. We lived in separate towns about an hour away. We would get together to enjoy pizza, a movie or just hang out.

I was married when I met Rowan, but a few years after our university experience were over, my marriage had fallen apart. This one particular evening I decided to make the drive to go visit my buddy. We went out and took it in a hockey game then afterwards got some pizza and went home. Both of us were tired and decided to turn in early -- it was about 11 o'clock. As we entered Rowan's bedroom he said to me, "Bob, you take my bed and I'll sleep on the floor. We don't get to see each other as often as we would like, so I figure I need to be a good host."

We settled into bed and lay in the dark listening to some music. As we reminisced about the past and how my ex-wife had made going to university difficult, Rowan asked about our sex life. Then, he asked me a question I never thought I would ever hear from him, "have you ever wondered what it would be like to have sex with another man?"

"Do you want an honest answer?"

"Yeah, let's be really honest."

"Well," I started, "I think that if most men were truly honest with themselves, they would probably admit having some homosexual interest."

"I totally agree," Rowan said. "So are you telling me that you have thought about it?"

I decided to play a psychological game and turned the tables, as I was beginning to feel a little uncomfortable. "Are you telling me that you have thought about it Rowan?"

"I'll be honest," he said. "I am curious."

Silence ensued. We stopped talking and listened quietly. You could hear our hearts pumping. Clearly, taboo thoughts were racing through our heads. I broke the silence by saying, "well, to be honest, yes I have thought about it to."

Rowan took the plunge, "if I were to have sex with a man, it would have to be with someone I totally trust, someone who could keep secret."

"That's the only way I would do it." I said. "Are you hinting to me, Rowan, do you want to try this with me?"

"What do you think? You up for it?"

To tell you the truth I wasn't sure what to think. On the other hand, strange feelings were welling up in my belly. "Well, we should set some ground rules, how do you want to start?"

"I don't know, just like we would with a woman I guess."

Both of us removed our underwear and for the first time were totally naked with each other. I slid to the floor from the bed and crawled on my hands and knees over to Rowan. He perched himself up on his elbows smiling as I moved closer. Soon we were face to face and could feel each others breath. "Oh man, this feels weird" I whispered nervously.

"Yeah I know," replied Rowan, "but kind of exciting."

His eyes were wide with anticipation as I moved closer, about to experience our very first man to man kiss. I was trembling. This was not just a kiss between friends, this was to be an erotic, sexual kiss that would lead to full sexual contact -- a place neither of us had been before -- not with a same sex partner.

Slowly, gently, we lightly touched our lips together, and then quickly pulled back while emitting a nervous giggle. Rowan had started to get hard. I looked at his half hard penis realizing I actually found it attractive. We closed our eyes this time and leaned into each other with a full kiss. We held our position, lingering and when we pulled apart there was an audible pop from the suction. Breathing heavily and noticing that I was now fully erect, I said, "That's not so bad, kind of nice really." Rowan thought so too, because his cock was fully erect and he reached his hand behind my head and pulled me to him again. This time our mouths were open and Rowan slid his tongue over mine. I reciprocated and instantly we were in the throes of a deep romantic, intoxicating tongue kiss. It felt so good I could feel my cock twitch. Almost instinctively we reached for each other, gently stroking and fondling each other's shaft and balls. We became so excited; we lost ourselves in the experience. Kissing and touching, our hands roaming everywhere.

I wrapped my hand around his thick shaft as we continued in our long, deep, wet tongue kiss. Rowan did the same and we stroked each other, losing ourselves over to reckless abandon. I had become so incredibly horny; I couldn't stand it any longer. I broke away from our kiss and moved down, my tongue leaving a wet trail over his neck to Rowan's chest, where I began to lick and suck at his nipples. Our pace quickened as our hands moved faster up and down our hard cocks. I then started the journey from his chest down to his belly, gently kissing and biting as I went. I moved down lower still, stopping just short of the tip of his penis. My tongue darted out and licked the tip. I gripped him harder in my hand and moved my mouth closer. My lips touched the tip and I began to kiss and lick the head of my friends cock.

Rowan moaned and thrust his hips forward. I took him into my mouth, sucking him in, sliding my tongue back and forth over the underside of his throbbing purple glands. Rowan sat up, "Bob?" He whispered. "Swing around, let's 69."

This we did and soon our heads were bobbing up and down with the delicious sound of slurping, sucking and popping. Mixed in with these sounds were the sounds of both of us moaning and thoroughly enjoying the pleasure we were giving to each other. The feeling was incredible. I never thought that in a million years that sex with another man could be so wonderful.

Our movements and ministrations on each other intensified. I could feel myself building up to orgasm. Rowan was flashing up and down my cock like a madman. Sucking and tongue flicking so masterfully that I couldn't stand it any longer. My loins began to ache and my hips began thrusting uncontrollably. Rowan didn't miss a beat. He just kept sucking and let me fuck his face until I exploded. As I came, I could feel him sucking it out of me which just intensified the pleasure. So much so, that I began sucking him harder and faster. Soon, he was bucking, and moaning and thrusting his cock into my throat. I loved it! Soon Rowan ejaculated and like he did to me, I sucked it out of him and swallowed Every last drop.

Rowan and I sat up facing each other. "I can't believe we did that." I said breathless.

"I know," he said "but it felt so good, I never would have imagined it being so good."

"I'm going to have to think about this," I said to my friend. "I really enjoyed that immensely, I think I'm going to want more."

Rowan smiled, "yes buddy, I know what you mean."

I looked at my friend sheepishly, and then with a mischievous grin said to him "Fuck you're a good kisser!"

"You're not so bad yourself buddy, crawl over here I don't think we're done yet."

You'll have to wait for the next story. Just a note to readers, this is a true story, it happened about 10 years ago and we still get together whenever we can. Lots of stories to tell.