 Now, at this time in my life, I never even thought about the prospect of being with a man. I loved pussy, and pussy is all I ever wanted. Never in a million years would I consider being with a man, especially with our black cleaning man Eddie. 

Eddie grabbed my garbage and emptied it into his pale, dusted a few fixtures, and moped the floor. As he performed his errands we briefly talked, like we usually do, about cars, women, and what ever game was on that evening. I enjoyed watching him talk; every other word coming out of his mouth was "fuck" and he usually seemed like he was auditioned for Unit G. Two guys like us certainly did not look like people who would bond, however the average age in my office was probably 50, and I was 26, Eddie seemed more prone to talk to me than anyone else. Kind of funny, because in normal surroundings, as white boy I would never spend so much time talking to a ghetto looking black kid, and I'm sure he felt the same way.

He left my cubicle and continued his errands, and I again worked on my spreadsheets. As the hours slowly ticked away, my bladder began to signal that it needed a release. I walked over to the means room and entered. There are 2 urinals and 2 stalls in this bathroom, both stall occupied and one of the urinals being used by Eddie. I had to pee, and no way could I hold it in, so disobeying proper bathroom edict, I walked to the other unoccupied urinal. Unzipped my pants, and let my cock out.

"Hey man," Eddie said. 

"Hey," I kind of whispered, out of embarrassment. I slightly turned my head to smile at Eddie, as I was about to turn to look straight, and in the corner of my eye I saw it, the first black cock I have ever seen. In what was probably a ¼ of second I saw a monster of a cock, an anaconda hanging out of his pants, an amazingly soft 8 inch monster. "It couldn't be I thought to myself, it couldn't be." I had to look again, curiosity was my enemy at this point, and I had to. I casually turned my head again, and moved my eyes to his enormous manhood. "Holy shit, my eyes did not play a trick on me....it's real, his cock his real....I can't believe I am staring at it......what's wrong with me, why am I so fascinated with it." What I wanted to be only a second turned into seconds and Eddie noticed my eyes staring. I immediately turned my head to the wall in front and hoped that he didn't notice, or would just shrug it off. 

He left the urinal before me, washed his hands, and said bye to me. Whew, I thought, no worries. However, why was I so mesmerized by his cock? It was just the size I thought, that's it, it had to be it, I'm not gay, definitely not, it was just a huge cock that caught my surprise. 

I continued my work that day, did what I had to do. As the time continued to crawl on, 5 o' clock finally came, and it was time to go home. It just starting raining outside, and unfortunately I had no umbrella, and I was getting soaked as I sprinted to my car. Right outside my car was Eddie, waiting for the next bus to take him home. I've given him rides before, so it wasn't out of the ordinary for me to offer him a ride. He of course accepted and made himself comfortable in my front seat.

As I drove, he didn't say a word. I kind of felt uncomfortable, thinking about what happened earlier. All of a sudden he started to lightly grab his crotch. This really isn't out of the ordinary for ghetto boys like Eddie, but knowing what kind of package he had, it did make me feel even more comfortable, and then I herd him speak.

"He man, I saw you staring at my cock before."

"What, no way man, what are you talking about?" I said in defense of myself.

"Yea you did, don't fucking lie man, I saw you. Are you a fag man?"

"No way, you fucking kidding me, I'm straight, you know all the girls I fuck with, come on man."

"Man, you looked at it, I saw you, I know that."

I knew I had to say something to get him off this subject, or I was fucked. He had nothing to lose, but God forbid he told my right wing Christian fucking boss, I'd be fired for good.

"Eddie, I never saw a dick so big, so yea it kind of surprised me, that's all, but no way did I want to stare at it, I'm fucking straight, that's fucking disgusting." At this point I shook my head in disgust, hoping he would not care anymore.

At this point, he started laughing hysterically. I'm thinking to myself, "what the fuck."

"What's so funny Eddie?" 

"You white boys crack me up."

"What the fuck you mean."

"Man, I was just playing with you."

"Real funny, you jerk off." As he still laughed.

"You should have seen the look on your face.....man, it's cool, my cock belongs in fucking movies, anytime anyone see's it they are fascinated by it."

"Well it is pretty fucking big." I said.

"Yea, it is, 12" when fully hard.'

"Yea right," I said in disbelief.

"It is, really is."

"That's fucking incredible, the girls must love it."

"Everyone loves it, everyone."

"Everyone, right?" I said this in a complete, nonchalant way.

"Yea, when money was tight I used to sell it, so everyone, guys and girls have had an opportunity at it."

"What the fuck and you were hinting that I was gay?"

"I'm not gay, I didn't touch their fucking cocks, they just played with mine. And the best sucking I got was from a guy."

"I don't know man, that's fucked up."

"Oh come-on, like you wouldn't want to suck it."

"You fucking crazy, no way." I said, however my cock just got as hard as a rock, I did want to suck it, for some strange reason, I wanted to suck this black man's cock.

"Come man, look at this." He unzipped his pants and took his cock out. I have no recollection of how this happened, but I just pulled to the side of the road, I wanted to say put it back in, but I couldn't. I didn't want him to. I hung over his pants. It was slightly thicker than a beer can, foreskin just hung over the head of his monstrous manhood, the skin of it was soft, dark brown and unblemished. It was absolutely beautiful, I had to touch it. I moved my hand to grab it, and without any resistance from him I lightly picked it up. It had such apparent weight, and felt incredibly soft. I gripped my hand over just under a ¼ of his semi erect cock. I had to suck on this cock, I had to. 

"Come on man," he said, "let's go back to my place and have some fun."

Well I sped to his house, sprinted behind him up the stairs to his pad, before I know it, sitting on the couch as he stood before me, unzipping and releasing his cock. I stared mesmerized by his manhood. I never felt such a complete sexual urge as I did right now. My cock was hard as a rock, but my entire body squirmed as I lifted his cock and guided it towards my mouth. "That's it niger, take it in your mouth," he said. Holy shit that fucking almost made me cum, and I didn't even take my cock out yet.

I pulled the foreskin back, opened my mouth exceptionally wide to fit the thickness of this huge cock inside my mouth. I felt his cock land on top of my tongue, I tried to cover my teeth with my lips, and let the head of his cock rub against the roof my mouth. I just ever so slowly moved my mouth up and down his long shaft. Within seconds he was fully hard, 12" in length just like he said. Oh my god, this cock was incredible. I made love to his cock, with my mouth. Up and down, up and down. I felt his hands grab my head from behind, and then he started to thrust treating my mouth like a pussy. Faster and faster he went, pushing his cock deeper and deeper into my mouth. I almost puked, I gagged, and cursed at him, he ignored me, and again forced his cock in my mouth. He cursed at me called me a white piece of shit, and continued to fuck with my mouth, treating me like a whore. I suppose I should have been annoyed at this, but I loved it. I was his white whore, his piece of shit to use and abuse. And he did. 

"Man I'm going to cum." 

Where the fuck is he going to cum, I couldn't even tell him if I wanted to, as his cock continued to gag me. "I'm Cumming he said," and he did right in my mouth.

Oh my fucking god, I tasted his cum, loads and loads of it, I couldn't believe it. It was then the most incredible thing happened to me that have ever happened, I came. Right in my pants, I didn't even touch it, or remove my cock from my pants, and I came. What the fuck, this was way too incredible. He guided his cock out of my mouth, and there it was, shiny from my saliva, beautiful looking cock, slowly softing, the foreskin beginning to cover the head. A huge wet spot showed up on my pants. 

"Man, you came, uh." Eddie began to laugh staring at my crotch.

"Eddie, I never did this before, but it was incredible. I can't believe how much I love your cock. 

"Well man it loves you, that's the best blow job I've ever gotten."

"Wow, do you think I'm gay."

"No way man," Eddie said. You just love real hung cock, nothing wrong with that."

I don't know if he was right or wrong. To this day, I still love pussy, enjoy fucking it, eating it, going out with it and loving it. I could never picture myself going to a movie or on a date with a man. I can't picture spending a candlelight dinner with a man. As I got older, I found that I just have an oral fixation for overly hung men. 8 inches would not cut it for me, 9" maybe, 10 or more I was there. Does that make me gay, I don't know, and truthfully I don't care! I love to suck hung men, and that's what I do in my own spare time. A hobby I truly enjoy. Thanks Eddie.