 Josh Norris looked across the street at the doorbell, still a light year away. The house was a glowing oasis of warmth against the cloudy, frigid nighttime sky of Michigan.

He still remembered the ad in the Metro Times:

Let me lick every inch of your body. No crevice left untouched. Bicurious and married men welcome. First timers only. Can't wait to get a taste of you. I'm disease free and you should be too. B649.

The temperature within the car's cockpit began to plummet, and Josh could feel the icy air working its way underneath his parka and down to his skin. Like the ice of his marriage. He and Mary hadn't had sex in years. They even slept in separate rooms now. He only stayed with her for the girls, as well as to avoid the economic holocaust of divorce. The prospect of losing his daughters was unthinkable.

He had engaged in a few flings over the years. With single women who were always looking for more than he could give them. But he had never done anything like this.

He just needed to be touched. Just once to feel the physical passion that only men seemed to possess.

He remembered the time with Danny. When he had driven the shy young man home from the AA meeting those many years ago. Danny had wanted to touch him, looking at him with that intense pain that always lurked in his dark eyes. He should have let Danny do him. Hell, he should have done Danny himself. But not that purest of all heterosexuals, Josh Norris. He had turned the poor boy down cold. Probably with an involuntary look of repulsion on his face.

He wondered what had happened to Danny. He would do him now. In an instant.

Josh looked again at the house. It was the right one. 324 Greenhill Drive. Mary had the girls over at her mother's tonight. She wouldn't be home until late. If he was ever going to act, now was the time to do it.

Josh got out of the car and walked across the street.

The door opened the instant after Josh rang the bell.

"Hello, Josh, I'm Gary." The voice belonged to a much rougher looking man than Josh had anticipated. He was wearing jeans and a black tee shirt, revealing well-defined biceps. His crotch bulged, perhaps in anticipation. His hair was close-cropped, and a scar ran down the right side of his face.

"I've been watching you out there, Josh, since you pulled up. I wasn't sure you were going to come in," he said, pulling the door closed behind him.

"Neither was I," Josh confessed.

"You really have never been with a man before, have you Josh?"

Josh gulped and shook his head, looking at the ground.

"I'll tell you what, Josh. I was going to offer you a spot of tea. Perhaps even chat a bit first. But I think you'd better take those clothes off now."

"Right now?"

"Yes, Josh. There's little sense in giving you an opportunity to back out now. Not when you've been sitting out there in the car for twenty minutes. I want you to strip completely naked now."

Josh didn't hesitate. That was what he needed to hear. He shed his parka and unbuttoned his shirt and let it drop to the ground. He stepped out of his shoes and pulled off his pants and socks. He pulled off his tee shirt and, somewhat more shyly, his jockey shorts.

"Stand up straight, Josh. Don't bend over like that. I want to see you."

Josh stood up straight, and Gary walked around his naked body, tracing his fingernails over Josh's nipples, then down his side and across his buttocks.

"You have a very nice body, Josh. You must have played sports."

"I did soccer and wrestling in high school. And I still lift weights. And jog."

Gary ran his hands over Josh's pectoral muscles again, massaging them as though they were a woman's tits.

"You have very nice muscles, Josh. Very nice," Gary whispered as he kissed Josh lightly on the lips. His hands roamed down Josh's firm abdominal muscles until they found Josh's half-risen dick. Gary grabbed him by the dick and started to lead him into the bedroom.

 ****