 * Disclaimer* The following is a fictional story. 



I have never thought of myself as gay or bisexual. I have never had any attraction to men. Though from early on in life I have always experimented with ass play. At first it was just my fingers, or smooth cylindrical objects that I could find. I bought my first butt plug in college. I used it fairly often. It was a perfect size. It was soft, flexible, and had a gentle curve to it so it would excite my prostate when I masturbated. I guess it was this sensation that occasionally prompted me to have gay fantasies here and there. The idea of having an object go deeper inside me, and having the sensation of being warm. A way of me seeing how it felt to be a woman taking my cock in her vagina. 

I had the fantasies, but knew nothing would ever come of them since I was not attracted to men. Until that fateful semester at college. That's when I met David. I had a dorm on the first floor. He was the RA for our floor. He was openly gay, and no one really cared. He had black hair, pale flawless skin, and a tongue piercing. He was petite and had a cute smile. When I saw him I thought about a cute goth girl. Maybe that is why I began to fantasize about him. He was always very nice to me. I caught myself smiling back whenever I talked to him. 

The chill of winter was melting into spring. It got hot early that year. I also had a room that faced south, so it got hot pretty easily. I had easy classes so I hit the gym a lot during the semester. My chest was getting fuller and my arms where getting more defined. As it got hotter I started breaking out the running shorts and tank tops. I noticed the way David looked at me. I also noticed him more too. He was sitting outside his room one day sunning himself. I saw that he had smooth hairless legs. I caught a glimpse of his nipples though the side of his loose wife beater. I could see quarter sized nipples that had a little puffiness to them. I remember my cock getting a little stiff after spying them. 

A few more weeks went by. I went out running without a shirt one day. That day I had also put on some biking tights that I used to wear for rowing practice. I've always thought I had a good butt. Nice and round. I think he noticed that day too. Looking back,I think subconsciously I was wanting to hit on me. The day after I ran into him in the lobby. I was having problems with my roommate. So really he was the one to talk to, to get things done. I brought him up to speed on my problems. He told me he would look and see what he could do, and to meet him on Saturday. We would talk about the issues in his dorm room. I had managed to get a peek at his room once before. The RA s lived like kings compared to the rest of us. His room was nearly twice the size of my prison cell dorm. He had it all to himself. He even had room for a couch and a full sized bed. 

I thought about him the rest of the week. Thought about our meeting and any possible things that would go on. Boredom is another thing that comes with college life. And people do interesting things while they are bored. It just happened the day before I had shaved myself smooth. It took forever, and they probably get to call rotorooter to fix that drain next semester. But, my legs, butt, chest, and crotch were now hairless and smooth. It was an awesome sensation. I could feel things by touch that I couldn't before. I liked how my body felt silky smooth after a warm shower, and how the shower gel slid on my skin. I got turned on easier when I was trying to sleep because my skin was more sensitive. 

Saturday rolled around, and the dorms got cleared out. Most of the students lived in the area so they just went home on the weekends. It was a smart move because there wasn't much to do on campus or in that small town. I met with David in the afternoon. So I slept in and took a long shower. I douched myself to be nice and clean on the inside too. I didn't know anything was going to happen, but I wanted to be prepared. Around 2pm I put on one my shirts that was a little snug, and some well fitted shorts. I walked down the hall to his room on the end. The concrete was still cold and felt good on my bare feet. I knocked on his door. It was getting a little hot already. He was sporting his wife beater I saw him wearing the other day. I went inside. He rummaged around on his desk looking for something. This gave me time to look around his dorm room and his stuff. He had a nice big tv too. That bastard! I kneeled down at his DVD collection and noticed he had a nice collection of Anime. I After a minute he began to apologize. He said that there was some papers I had to fill out and sign to make a formal complaint. He could have sworn he had brought them back to his dorm. The offices were closed on the weekend, so he couldn't run over and get them. I told him not to worry about it, as kept looking at his DVDs. "We can just do it on Monday or sometime next week", I said. He apologized more, and then mentioned that we could watch a DVD or two so that I didn't come over for nothing. I said I'd be glad to since there was nothing else to do today. I had found an Anime episode I had not seen yet.

Me- "Wanna watch this one?"

David- "Sure, Its been a while since I've seen that DVD." 

I crawled over to the dvd player and put it in. 

David- "Want anything to drink?"

Me- "Sure, what do you have?"

David -"I'll make it a surprise". 

He comes back with a Smirnoff Ice for me and has one for himself too. 

Me- "Nice. Booze is not allowed in the dorms. Glad to see the police follow the law too."

David- "oh hush. Its perfectly fine for you to have it in your room. You just have to hide it in the closet where RA s aren't allowed to search, or put it in a different container." , He said with a little smirk.

Me- " ah. I see" 

I take the drink. Its nice and cold. The movie starts. He sits down on the couch. While I stayed on the floor and just shimmied up to the front of the couch to lean on it. 

David- "You can sit on the couch is you want"

Me- "I'm good right here, but if I can uncomfortable I will grab a seat."

I am a lightweight when it comes to booze. I drink sweet sugary drinks too fast, which makes me buzzed faster. I was feeling pretty good, and a little bit looser. He chatted at little with me before about his future and what he wanted to do for a job. At one point he said he wanted to be a massage therapist. So I decided to see if he wanted to have some practice. 

Me- "David. You wanted to get into massage therapy right?"

David- "ya I think it would a pretty fulfilling job."

Me- " Do you want to get some practice? My shoulders are really tense from the workout I did the other day"

David- " S sure"

He said with a little stutter thinking it was too good to be true to finally get his hands on my body.He brought his legs up onto the couch and sat cross-legged. I moved myself over to be in front of him. He started rubbing around my neck and shoulders. It felt pretty good.

Me- "Your hands feel good. I really needed a good rub"

He kept going for about 5 more minutes. Moving from my the base of my neck to my outer shoulders. 

He stopped. 

David- " do you mind taking your shirt off? Its kind of hard to get a smooth motion with the fabric bunching up"

Me- "Sure. Its kind of hot anyway. You should take yours off too since you are doing all the work. I said in a coy manner"

I grabbed my shirt bottom and lifted it up and off. He did the same with his. I saw him toss that wife beater to the end of the couch. 

David- " Thats more like it. Now I can get a better grip. " 

He went back to work on my shoulders and upper back. He uncrossed his legs and put one on each side of me, and inched closer on the couch to get better leverage. I could feel his bare smooth legs against me arms. It got me excited. My heart started to pound a little. I lifted my arms and rested them on this thighs like a person with crutches would have there arms rested on the crutch pads. This way I could feel more of his legs. I let my hands dangled to they would hit is calves when he moved. At first I tried to be cool about it. Then I got more brave. As he rubbed away and we watched the DVD, I started to use my palms and hand to touch his calves. I started just by touching then slowly moving my hands and fingers to caress up and down and side to side. 

My cock was straining against my tight briefs now. I was wet as hell too. My heart was still pounding in my chest. I couldn't take it much longer. I moved forward away from his hands. Sat on my knees and looked back at him. His body was beautiful. A smooth hairless chest with a hint of definition around his abs. His porcelain skin. I got a full view of his quarter sized puffy nipples. I saw there was a lump in his shorts too. 

David- " everything okay"

He said. But I didn't even respond I just put my warm hands on his thighs and started to slide them down to the opening of his shorts. I could see him start to breathe harder. His face was soft and his eyes kept on me. I brought back my hands. I got up. Pushed his legs together and straddled him where he sat. I sat above him looking down. He leaned back as far as he could. I started to caress his chest with my hands. Up and down. I moved to his sides and arms. And with both of my hand came back up to his neck. I leaned in and started kissing the side of his neck. He moved his head to the side. Let out a deep breath and started to put his arms on my sides and to feel my legs up and down. When I was done I moved his head back to straight forward. I put my face close to his. My heart is beating out of my chest. My hands are shaking. My breathe is quick. I look into his brown eyes. His pupils are fully dilated. I move forward slowly and my lips meet his. We lock our lips. At first it is tame, and sensual. He puts his arms around my body. Our kisses become more passionate. I feel his tongue inside my mouth, and I can feel his piercing against my teeth.

We writhe on the couch for a moment more. I push away. We are both gasping for air. Our hearts racing. His chest heaves up and down. I pin him back to the back of the couch and lean close to his ear. I whisper, "I want you to take my cherry".

I got up, and took his hand. I pulled him off the couch and walked him over to the bed. I stood in front of the bed. "Want to help me with these shorts", I said He reached forward and went straight for my bulging cock and balls first. He moved in close and felt his way up to the bottom of my shorts. He popped it and slowly pulled down my zipper. I went to the top of my shorts and grabbed my shorts and briefs. As he started to slide them down he dropped to his knees. He slid my clothes to the floor. My cock broke free of its tight prison and nearly hit him in the face. Once his hands make it to the floor they moved back up with his warm palms on my legs. His hands moved up and stopped at my thighs. His one hand grabbed my manhood. I was beyond wet. I was dripping precum everywhere. I he licked the bottom of my cock to taste that wonderful precum and gobbled swollen head into his mouth in one quick movement. It was so warm. So tight. I could feel his tongue and his piercing on my most sensitive areas. I felt like I could explode into his mouth at that moment. But he pulled away, and stood back up. Nearly everything on me is shaking from the adreniline. I kept him close. I spun him around to that his back was against my chest. I wrapped my hands around and felt up and down his chest. I slid my hands down to the top of his shorts. I unbuttoned them and pulled down the zipper. I slid my hands down inside to feel him. Then slid this clothes off. I stood there with his body against mine, each of us totally naked. Every inched of my skin feeling his. My warm cock smashed between my body and his. I squeezed him tight, kissed his neck and pushed him forward onto the bed.

He crawled slowly to the head of the bed with his smooth butt in the air and cock waving back and forth. He reached the pillows and turned over. I slid on to the bed next. Slowly moving up. My lips met his shins and sensually kissed up his legs bit by bit. I made it onto the bed and my head stopped over his hips. I wanted to return the favor of his tease before. I see clear precum flowing from his tip down his shaft. I moved my lips down onto his head and pushed my mouth down over his cock. His manhood was equally as pretty as his body. He was cut, about 7 inches, was straight as an arrow and was a decent (but not to thick) girth. I had never had a cock in my mouth before. I have a bad gag reflex so I couldn't go all the way down on him. I swallowed his head and licked it with my tongue. 

I felt his hands run through my hair, and his hips started to move and squirm. I think he was getting ready for a blow job, but I want more than that. I grabbed his hands and with force took them off my head and pinned them to his sides. I took my mouth off his cock, and continued on with my kissing. Next stop was his flat stomach and then his chest. I stopped at those puffy nipples. I enveloped my mouth over his left one, then his right. I flicked my tongue and licked them. I took my warm mouth off and blew air on to them to make them hard and perky. I went back and forth to each side. Occasionally I would give each a little nibble with my teeth when they were erect. By this point he couldn't contain his moans anymore. He was freely letting out deep breathes, and low long moans. I kissed him around his neck and a few more times on the lips. I straddled his hips with his cock behind me resting against my smooth butt cheeks. 

Me- "this is my first time so let me be in control. Okay?" 

He nodded his head and reached over to his night stand. He grabbed the lube from the drawer and handed it to me. 

I popped the cap and liberally applied it to his stiff cock. I got one more dollop and rubbed on my opening. It had a nice warming sensation to it. My cock is throbbing and is moving up and down with every heart beat. I position myself back a little bit. I calm my breathing and try to relax a little bit, so I am not too tight and it hurts. I guide him between my cheeks, to my lubed opening. He is right at the gate. I slowly press him forward and relax a little bit onto him. I can feel him pierce me just a little . I stop and wait. I slowly sit down a little more until his head is fully inside me. My anus is stretching a little. I wait a little more till I relax some. I continue. My breathing becomes more rapid, my anus stretches more. There is so much lube a big section of his cock slides into me with easy. I gasp because it was too much at once. I let out, " oh god". I stay firm and let him fill my insides. My anus is throbbing. My cock is throbbing and tense. My pulse is off the charts. 

The throbbing subsides and I slide down more. He is almost totally inside me. A few more moments to relax. He feels huge inside me. I can feel him pressing against my prostate. It feels incredible. The sensation makes me slide all the way down onto his shaft as I let myself down to fully rest on his hips. I rest my hands on his chest. I sit there, my chest pushed out, breathing hard and my face toward the ceiling. The heat of his cock is intense. Just like how I thought it would feel. I start to move my hips in a circular motion. Slowly. Then up and down. He lifts up his hands and I use them to hold onto. To give me some leverage to go up and down. The feeling is amazing. My prostate is tender, my insides are filled with his massive cock. The motion of him going in and out. It feels like I might cum with out me touching myself. 

I am completely relaxed now. I move up and down faster. I try to clench my cheeks to make myself tighter for him. I use my hips to make shorter movements side to side and back and forth. I want his cum. I want him to blow his hot load deep inside me. I want him to scratch my back and yell out in ecstasy as his balls are drained. 

I can feel him pushing deeper inside me. His hips moving in rhythm with mine. He moves from a subdued behavior to an aggressive one. I can see his face change. His eyes no longer soft, but more primal. More like an animal in heat and taking command. His hand grip my hips, and he controls my rhythm. He makes me do faster and takes his cock out more and back in deeper. His pace quickens and he starts to grunt. He give me 2 more powerful thrusts upward into me and he lets out a huge moan followed by more grunts. His body turns stiff and his muscles contract at once to force out his load into my bowels. I can feel his cock throbbing from the squirts he is injecting into me. I settle my body down as far as I can on him. I move my hips gently in a circular manner. I hope to keep him cumming and giving him pleasure. 

His body finally stops and and his muscles relax. His eyes look back toward mine. He is still panting. He grabs my side with force and shoves me to the side. I feel him exit me. I land on the bed next to him. He quickly moves his body onto of mine. His head goes straight for my still swollen manhood. I am still dribbling precum everywhere. His mouth swallows me completely. Its amazingly warm. My anus relaxes and I can feel it throbbing from the action he gave me. My prostate is still sensitive. He goes down on me. From tip to base quickly and deeply. He stops and lifts up. He lets out," I want to drain your balls". He goes back to my head. I can feel his piercing on my head. He knows how to suck a dick. He is a pro. He focuses right where I am the me most sensitive. I am not going to last long. I don't try and hold it back. I move my hips up and down with the motion of his head. His hands are pinning mine down while he does his work. I feel a swelling in my abdomen, I can feel my abs tighten and my legs stiffen. I hold my breathe. I tell him Im going cum. This only makes him go faster. 

I explode in his mouth. I let out a huge gasp of ecstasy. He keeps going up and down on my shaft. My head turned extremely sensitive taking my ecstasy almost to the point of pain. My abs remain taught and my legs stiff. I keep squirting into his mouth. I can feel him swallow my load. I keep coming and fill his mouth again. It has been a few days since I masturbated so my sack was filled to the brim with a hot salty load. My back arches back down onto the bed, and my muscles completely relax. I let out a deep breathe. His mouth still on my cock, he slowly lifts back up and off of my head. He kiss one final like and kiss on my tip. He swallows and uses the back of his wrist to wipe off the dribbles from his chin. He collapses on the bed to the side of me. Our bodies are covered in sweat, and we are both completely drained and our cocks flaccid. We lay there looking at the ceiling until our breathing slows. 

His petite and tight body moves over to mine. His face moves toward mine. His eyes are soft again. He give me a kiss on the lips. I can still taste my cum in his mouth. I says, " that was awesome" and then lays his head on my chest, puts one of legs over mine, and moves one hand onto my chest by his head. I wrap my arm over his back and squeeze him toward me. Our naked young bodies lay there letting our sweat cool, and we drift off into sleep in each others arms.