 Ever since that first time, the time I tasted my first cock, I had thought about doing it again. How would I do it without jeopardizing a friendship or worrying about what other people would think of me? After all, I wasn't really gay or anything; I just really liked the way it made me feel to suck cock. What a weird paradox!

I had driven by an ABS - Cupids - on my way home from college often. I've entered the parking lot, but never had the courage to get out of my car. I had heard about the things that went on there in an anthropology class. Imagine that - an anthropologist actually studied the people who visited adult book stores in an attempt to learn about the subculture. Working up the balls to actually enter was the hardest part for me. What if I ran in to someone I knew? What if someone found out?

Once I worked up the nerve - after being out drinking one night - I decided it was the time for me to pay my first visit.

I went into the store feeling a bit conspicuous. Everyone in there knew what I was there for that night. I walked around the store and pretended to be interested in the DVDs on the shelves. Eventually, I came to the swinging double-doors which led to the booths area. I went in, sat on a stool, and played a game on one of their video machines.

I noticed that there were about eight other guys in the long dark hallway. Most of them were leaning against the walls while a few others were going in and out of booths in an odd version of musical chairs. For the most part, they were older guys. I was probably only 21 or 22 at the time - most of them could be my father. Some of them seemed very shady to say the least. How could I possibly go down on one of these guys!

I could hear the sounds of sex - but was it just from the movies? Then I saw a guy walk out of a booth; in a few seconds, a second guy emerged. It must really be true! It does happen here...

A guy walked in to a booth adjacent to where I was sitting. He was in there for a little and I noticed him look out at me a few times grabbing at his crotch through his jeans. After a few more minutes, I noticed that he had his pants down and he was waving his cock at me. I took a deep breath as I walked closer. He motioned for me to enter the booth. The guy was probably in his fifties and not very 'sexy' at all. I decided I would do it anyway.

Once I entered we were very close to one another as there wasn't a whole lot of room. I could feel his breath on my neck as I reached out and touched his dick. I began to stroke it. There were no doors on the booths. I dropped to my knees regardless and I began to suck on his hard cock. Something came over me at that moment as I stopped caring about what people thought. I noticed a few guys stop outside and peer in at me as I engulfed his dick. I almost liked the thought of those guys watching me suck it.

I could feel his dick as it grew larger in my mouth. I sucked vigorously, but he abruptly pulled up his pants and walked out leaving me alone in the booth.

Another guy came in before I could stand up. This guy was younger. He was tall and fairly muscular, visually unappealing, and probably in his thirties. He pulled out his cock which was bigger than I had ever seen and already hard as a rock. He grabbed me by the back of my head and began to angrily fuck my face. He was large and at times I choked as he stuffed his cock deep in to my throat. He was so rough with me that I began to think it wouldn't end well. At times I couldn't breath, I thought I was going to pass out, but he kept fucking my face now grabbing me by my ears. He pulled out of my mouth and unleashed a ton of hot cum which seemingly covered my face. It was thick cum and burned in my eyes. He pushed me aside and left me sitting on the cold and dirty floor.

After cleaning off my face, I walked out of the booth and sat back down at the video game and thought about what just happened. I was contemplating leaving, but I needed a few minutes to regroup. I heard another guy as he was whispering to me - begging me - to come in his booth. I ignored him at first, but then I went in. This guy was sitting on a bench and had his pants around his ankles. His cock was peeking out from the elastic band of his boxer shorts. I had never thought of sucking off a black guy, but I didn't really care. He had a closely shaven head and a light brown face that I could barely see in the dark. I dropped to my knees and took his cock in my hand. I stroked it as he sit there moaning. Then I put my mouth on it.

His chocolate cock was smooth and glided in and out of my mouth gently. It felt so good and I was rock-hard myself. He rubbed my head with his hand as I continued to suck and play with his big black balls. I could taste the sweetness of his cum as I sucked on his shaft; the more I sucked, the more I wanted to make him cum. He smelled so good to me! His soft moans and gentle touch made me feel at ease as I took it as deep as possible. I could feel him squirm as I pleased him and I started to leak from my own dick. I could feel my cum slowly drain as I knelt there, between his open legs, on the floor.

As I sucked his cock I was lost in a wonderful world of pure pleasure. As my tongue flickered around the tip of his cock I felt as if I had all of the control. I felt like his body was mine to please. As he became more ridged, I could feel the veins expand in my mouth. I could feel the gentle throb of his balls and shaft. Right when it felt like he was on the verge of cumming I would back off just to work him up again.

I was playing a game with his body and I truly loved it. He was at my will and it made me feel so good to be able to bring him up and take him back down. Then I became more intense as I decided it was the right time. I sucked him hard for what seemed like an eternity as he gyrated and moved in delight. As the cum began to pour from his swollen dick, I could taste the sweet, yet salty, fluid on my tongue. As I sucked, there was more and more - it kept coming!. I could feel my mouth fill with his juice and I swallowed in time for yet a little more. I put my head back and opened my mouth to let him see his cum in my mouth and on my tongue. He stuck his finger in to my mouth. I sat there for a bit with his cum in my mouth and relished the fact that it was mine to enjoy. I swallowed.

I got up and decided it was time to go. With the remnants of one thick load on my face, and another in my stomach, I walked past the clerk knowing full well that he knew that I had accomplished my goal. I was filled with cum, and with a smile on my face, I walked to my car. As I drove home - it must have been nearly 2AM - I knew that I was addicted to the feeling, the taste, and I had a desire to make that happen again.

But when?