 I wrote my first story about my first time with a guy. In the few weeks since, I've met a lot more. During this weekend just gone, a few things changed and I thought I'd put it here too. Again, I've left out any mention of names. Enjoy. 

====================

I just realised that I didn't describe myself very well last time. I'm 5'9" and skinny with brown hair and eyes. I'm told I'm handsome, but I don't see it. I've got a 6.5" long, fairly thick dick and a small, round ass. I've had a lot of good things said about my ass over the past few weeks, but usually by someone pressing their cock into it. 

It'd been nearly three weeks since that first fucking and I'd filled that time (and since) with a lot of cocks. I'd been picked up most evenings after work for short meets and several times each weekend for longer sessions. These all ended with a hard cock in my ass, pulsing and spraying cum inside its latex prison. 

This Saturday just gone, I had my first MMM threesome at this couple's flat. I'd started on my knees in front of them both with their rather big cocks inches from my face, bobbing in time with their heartbeats. I spent ages sucking the head of one and wanking the other, then switching around, feeling the differences with my tongue. I ended up on my back on the corner of their bed, one guy fucking my ass with rough, hard plunges up to the base of his cock. 

The second guy stood level with my head and rubbed his dick on my lips until I opened them and sucked on the head of his cock. He started moving back and forth slightly, fucking my mouth with very short strokes. I was being filled by two cocks, I loved it and wanted it to never end. Suddenly, the cock in my mouth jerked and immediately I felt cum spray on the back of my tongue. 

This was my first mouthful of cum, the first I'd ever tasted, the first I'd ever touched. I'd always been too nervous, of not liking it, of hating the taste, of knowing whether to swallow. The first drop erased all of these as it landed at the back of my throat. The flowing cum left a thick stream along the length of my tongue as the still-pulsing cock was removed. He grabbed his freed cock and the last squirts of cum landed on my lips and chin. I rolled the hot, thick load round my mouth, enjoying its smooth, sticky, saltiness. I swallowed and felt it slide easily down my throat. I licked up the slick cum coating my lips. 

At this, the guy pounding my ass growled and gave a huge, final lunge forward, his groin slapping against my asscheeks. His cock, buried deep in my ass, jerked and throbbed as pulse after pulse of cum was released inside me. I reached and squeezed my cock just once, sending me over the edge. My balls tightened and cum shot into the air, splattering on my chest, neck and chin, mixing with the first load and dripping across my cheeks. 

I was desperate to taste cum again, so on Sunday I went to visit the first guy who'd fucked me (see my first story). 

When he let me in, I hurried past him and went into his living room, leaving him to shut the door. I quickly pulled off my shoes and clothes leaving myself totally naked and exposed. He stopped short by the room door, surprised. I dropped to my knees in front of him and rubbed his growing bulge through his jeans. I very slowly unbuttoned his waistband and opened his fly, pulling his trousers and underwear to his knees. His cock, already thick and long, was still curving down, not yet fully hard. Without touching him with my hands, I licked the tip of his cock and sucked the whole head into my mouth. He gave a deep sigh and his cock swelled a little more to its full size. I bobbed my head on his large, perfect cock, rolling my tongue around the huge head, teasing the slit and sensitive underside. He held the top of my head and rocked gently, pushing his cock to the back of my mouth. I wrapped one hand round the base of his shaft, my fingers barely meeting, and stroked firmly in time with his fucking my mouth. With the other hand, I cupped his balls, rolling them gently. He bucked and his thrusts got faster and deeper. He jabbed the back of my throat, forcing me to pull away. 

He was about to apologise and lead on to spreading my ass, but I leaned forward again and slid my lips back over his cockhead. I put both hands around his shaft, one at the base, the other against my lips. With both hands, I stroked his thick shaft, pumping his cock into my warm, sucking mouth. He held my head, fucking my hands and mouth. His thrusts got longer and quicker, the head rubbed and stabbed my tongue. His precum mixed with my saliva and ran down my hands and his cock, leaving a slick, slippery mess. He gasped that he was close. I gripped tighter, pumping and sucking his cock for all the cum he had. He lurched forward, his cockhead throbbing, huge and smooth. Under my hands, I felt the first wave of hot cum surge his full length and into my waiting mouth. The thick stream hit the back of my throat and sprayed all around my mouth. More spurts of gooey, creamy cum quickly filled my open mouth and dribbled past my lips. He pulled away, breathing hard. He stared down at my well-fucked mouth, his cum spread across my face and dripping down my chin. I stared back into his eyes, waiting for his full attention. Holding his gaze, I tilted my head back and opened my mouth, still full of his own cum. I let a little dribble over my lip, then closed my mouth and swallowed it. As I licked my lips, his expression changed to that desperate, burning lust I'd seen before. 

He pulled me up and pushed me against the wall, my ass exposed. He paused for a second, having a good look at his fuck toy, before stepping close and putting his cock between my asscheeks. In one move, he drove deep into my ass. His huge cock tore me open, my asshole burned and my eyes watered, tears running down my face. The only lube he used was saliva and cum. He fucked and pounded my ass as I was pinned against the wall, his deep thrusts lifted me to my toes and forced out gasps and yelps. Suddenly, he pressed his full body against my back and his cock spasmed inside me. He didn't let up, his strokes became smother and faster with another load of cum for lube. 

The endless fucking and rubbing against the wall drove me to cum twice, a sticky river down the wall, puddling on the floor between my spread legs. He came one last time, grunting and near shouting. He eased slowly out of my abused asshole, drawing winces and gasps from me. I felt a little trickle of cum run slowly down my thigh. We staggered to his bed and collapsed into it. 

You won't be surprised that I was still asleep when I was meant to be at work the next morning.