 Stoph saw Steve a few streets down from the school heading towards home.

"Steve!" he called out before jogging across the street to meet him.

"Hey, where were you today, Mr. Townsend said you were sick?" Steve asked, worried, putting his arm around Stoph's waist and kissing his temple.

"Yes, I was, but I had a talk with a friend and I feel better now," Stoph said to Steve. Then, he took a deep breath.

"We need to talk. Will you come over to my house as soon as you can tomorrow morning?"

"Uh... sure. What time?" Steve asked, worry creasing his brow.

"It doesn't matter, the sooner the better. I'll be awake so don't worry about it," Stoph said.

"Two things. One, if you're breaking up with... me just say so. And two, if it's so urgent... why not talk now?" Steve asked.

"What?! No, I'm not breaking up with you. And because I fear we're going to need the whole day to talk," Stoph said

"OK... well I'll see you tomorrow morning OK?" Steve said as he reached his front porch. 

"Yes, OK, good. Bye," Stoph said and the two boys kissed.

"I love you, okay?" Steve hugged him wanting to relieve him of the worried look on his face.

Stoph knew it would take more than a hug and a kiss to solve his problems. He waited until Steve was inside and then turned and headed home.

~~~~~~~~ 

Saturday~ 9:00 am

Stoph sat on the couch, staring blankly at a wall. Steve could be over at any time. He made sure to not set a specific time worried that if he knew when it was going to happen he would talk himself out of it. He took a deep breath and nearly jumped out of his skin when there was a knock at the door. Stoph got off the couch and went to answer it. Steve looked like he had just gotten out of the shower. His hair was still damp and his clothes looked like they had been put on in a hurry. He had got here as soon as he could.

"Hey," Stoph said shortly.

"Hey, yourself," Steve replied and stepped inside, giving the smaller boy a firm kiss on the lips.

Stoph sighed at the contact and closed the door behind Steve. He walked into the living room where Steve was already sitting on the couch. He smiled up at Stoph, and after thinking a moment, Stoph sat on the recliner facing Steve.

"You missed this new kid in school. His name's Michael. Dude's hot. Not compared to you of course but if I wasn't already taken I would do him," Steve smiled at Stoph. Stoph didn't return the smile.

"OK, Come on. Spill, what's wrong?" Steve asked.

"Steve, do you remember that first night together... I told you I had secrets I couldn't ever tell you?" Stoph started slowly preparing himself for the coming drama.

"Yeah," Steve anwered, wondering where Stoph was going with this.

"Well, it's time to tell you the truth. About everything," Stoph looked into Steve's eyes and saw he was a little nervous.

"OK... well come here first I want to hold you," Steve lay back on the couch and opened his arms. Stoph thought for a second. This could be the last time Steve held him so he crawled into the bigger man's arms. He snuggled in close. He had no doubt Lucifer was watching them right now.

"Before you start, just know that no matter what, I love you and that's never going to change," Steve said and pushed a kiss onto the top of Stoph's head.

"I love you too, Steve," Stoph whispered into his neck. He felt Steve's heart beat faster and a smile form on his lips. It made him happy that those four little words could make his man so happy.

"Then that's all that matters. Nothing can change that," Steve said, again squeezing Stoph into a hug.

"Just you and me, Stoph," Steve sighed.

"My name isn't Stoph," Mephistopheles decided to start with something easy.

"What? Really? Uh.. OK that's weird... but completely OK. I still love you." Steve gave him another kiss.

"My name is..." Mephistopheles swallowed hard and took a breath. 'Here we go,' he thought to himself. "My name is... Mephistopheles," he said quickly. He heard Steve take a breath to say something and interrupted.

"Please just let me say this and get it all done before you say anything," he almost begged. He felt Steve's mouth shut and he squeezed him tight before nodding.

"My name is Mephistopheles. I'm older than you can possibly imagine. I work for the Devil. I know a lot of people think I am the Devil, but I'm not. It was all this big misunderstanding. I'm just an employee. I'm one of the Seven Demon Lords of Hell. I was sent here at random to collect weak souls and in general just fuck some shit up. You know, Demon rampaging and shit. But there was a slight roadblock. You. I fell in love. I had to tell Lucifer, you met him... he's my 'dad'... because it's better to just tell him shit. You shouldn't lie to the Devil, that's never good. 

Long story short, I was stupid and accepted a deal with him," Mephistopheles explained quickly. Steve had not moved or made a sound since he had started talking.

"Some things I left out. My ex, Faust. He was THE Faust. There's an old story about him and me. He was an amazing scholar. But he was greedy and he wanted more power and wisdom. He was willing to sell his soul for it. Lucifer sent me to make the deal with him. We agreed on 20 years of power and genius and then Faust goes back to hell with me. Well, when the 20 years was up, I made Faust another deal. He could go to hell with me, forever, or I could delete all of his works and no one would remember them. He wouldn't be able to recreate them and that was that. Well, he choose to go to hell instead. He's still there now.

"I stuck as close to the truth as I could whenever I told you a lie. I'm from Hell, Michigan... when it's actually just plain Hell. My dad Lucien is Lucifer. My name. Stoph. MephiSTOPHeles. Really difficult to come up with a nickname from Mephistopheles just to let you know..." Mephistopheles chuckled awkwardly hoping to break the tension. He took a deep breath after his long rant.

He still couldn't see Steve since he was lying on his chest. But he felt him shaking. From fear? Anger? But then he heard him trying to inhale but it being cut off by his laughter.

"What?" Mephistopheles asked.

"The song you were listening to the first night I came here," Steve began before being cut off by laughter. Mephistopheles thought for a moment but couldn't remember what it was.

He shrugged and Steve inhaled.

"It was Mephistopheles, by the Trans-Siberian Orchestra," he giggled again.

"Oh, yeah, I forgot about that," Mephistopheles chuckled.

"So... so are you like... you know... OK with this?" he asked hesitantly.

"Wait you're serious?" Steve asked his laughter stopping suddenly.

"You don't believe me," Mephistopheles nodded slightly. He should have expected that.

"Well, I believe you believe it. Maybe it's dad issues or something, I don't care. I still love you. We can get you help. You can talk to someone," Steve said rubbing his shoulders. Mephistopheles jumped up from the couch in anger.

" I'm not crazy! Fine, you want proof?" He concentrated on his anger and let it build. He felt his lips dissolving until it was only his inch and a half long black fangs closing his mouth off from the world. His eyes turned black with bright red glowing pupils. His skin turned to that sickly gray color. He grew a long tail that would touch the floor if he didn't hold it up. Large leathery wings sprouted from his shoulder blades. The tattoos on his arms and back glowed a bright orange-red. Horns sprouted from his head and curved backwards. Claws sprouted where fingernails had been and he let out a fierce roar when his transformation was complete.

Steve sat rooted to the spot staring blankly at the real Mephistopheles. His anger now gone, Mephistopheles realized what a bad move this had been. He could have started out with wimpy magic tricks and worked his way up to this. He had probably just scared the crap out of his love. With sadness overcoming him, he quickly changed back into his human form. Steve sat on the couch pale and shaking. He looked like he was about to piss his pants. 

"Oh, love. I'm so sorry. Lie down, let me get you some water before you pass out," Mephistopheles ran into the kitchen and filled a glass with water. He walked back into the living room to see Steve lying on the couch where he had pushed him down onto his back.

He held the water while Steve took small sips. 

"I didn't mean to do that. I'm sorry. I just got angry," Mephistopheles apologized.

"I-it's OK, babe. Just... wow," Steve's voice cracked on the last word. "I feel dizzy," Steve confessed, swaying a little bit. Mephistopheles lifted his feet onto the couch as well so he was lying across it. He set the water down and stroked his hair. 

"I don't mean to rush you into this... but, how do you... you know, feel about me? D-do you still love me?" Mephistopheles held back the tears as best he could.

"Yes, please we're all dying to know," said a voice in the room with them.

"Ugh. Now? Can't your interruptions wait until later?" Mephistopheles scowled.

"No," Lucifer smiled. Mephistopheles rolled his eyes and turned back to Steve who was staring at Lucifer getting paler by the second.

"Ignore him. I need your answer, love." Mephistopheles put his hand on Steve's shoulder.

"What?" Steve asked like he hadn't heard a word Mephistopheles had said.

"Do you still love me?" Mephistopheles repeated. Steve thought for a moment.

"Well... I... I don't know. I mean it's a lot to take in, that I'm dating a Demon from hell," Steve said his brow scrunching at the thought.

"Well. We have our answer," Lucifer stood from the chair he was sitting on.

"No! Please, that was just a maybe... not a no," Mephistopheles begged.

"I said ' In any way shape or form, Mephistopheles. You lose." Lucifer became serious.

"What are you two talking about?" Steve asked. The shock beginning to wear off.

"Shut up," Mephistopheles growled at him. Steve was taken aback by the sudden change in mood.

"You know our deal, Mephistopheles," Lucifer said.

"Please. Anything... I'll do anything." Mephistopheles got down on his knees. "Please..." Tears began to fall.

"Anything?" Lucifer asked.

"Anything," Mephistopheles confirmed.

"Alright, your boy can keep his soul." Mephistopheles' heart soared. "If you give me yours." Mephistopheles was taken aback.

"You already own my soul," Mephistopheles pointed out.

"Yes. But now I won't let you run around doing what you want. You will take your human's place," Lucifer explained. Mephistopheles swallowed. He thought for a moment.

"Alright..." his heart sank at the word.

"Wow, I'll admit I didn't expect that," Lucifer grinned. Mephistopheles' tears fell silently to the floor. Still on his knees, hands resting on his thighs, he felt the devil place a hand on his shoulder. And then, nothing.