 This is my first attempt at writing so please be gentle. Other than changing names, this story is true and was the start of a roller-coaster of sexual exploration.

*****

I considered myself the very definition of normal, if not boring. Working mid-level management in a financial firm, living in the suburbs of New York with my 2 young kids, attractive wife Amanda and my Camry (sorry no Volvo station wagon). The wife and I were college sweethearts, she being only my second intimate partner, although she was more experienced. Up to this point my life had been adequate, nothing noteworthy to discuss.

Although I had very limited experience with women before meeting Amanda, it doesn't mean I didn't think about, or obsess about, sex. As a teen I gawked at all the hot girls, read through the lingerie sections of the catalogs and was perpetually horny. I had an older cousin who lived with us from time to time while she was in college and I often availed myself of her sexy panties when I was alone. I would cum imaging the various hotties that I wanted to conquer.

When I was graduating high school, a bunch of us took the railroad into Times Square and wound up in one of the notorious peep shows. We all bought our tokens and entered the booths, waiting for our shows. It was one of those places with live girls in the middle of an open area, so it was kinda like a topless bar where everyone viewed from their own private booths. I was rock hard watching these topless women play with themselves and try to tantalize us into paying for more private shows.

I ran out of tokens so I went back near the counter for more. Before returning to my buddies at the live show, an area of video booths caught my eye. I stepped in, closed the door and put in my token. Immediately the screen went on and a video of a guy sucking another dude's large cock came on. I was caught off guard, having never seen any kind of gay or bisexual porn. I started changing the channels, but the first dozen or so channels were all either gay or tranny porn. I eventually found the straight channels, but was somewhat shell-shocked from the original images. I left the booth before the time had even run out, quickly returning to the live areas with my crew.

That night I laid in bed stroking my cock, a routine practice. However, this night was different as I couldn't get the images of the man-to-man and tranny sex out of my mind. I knew I wasn't gay, so why was my cock so hard? I eventually came, hard, and was left perplexed as to the experiences of the day. 

Following that night, gay themes crept into my masturbation fantasies, as did tranny sex. I also got heavier into my cousin's panty collection, frequently jerking into them while remembering those visions of cock sucking and anal sex. I was troubled, but rationalized that it was purely fantasy and that soon enough I would be having real sex at college.

Well, the college sex took a while to come to fruition, but eventually I met a girl who took my virginity and was a kind of fuck-buddy for a semester. As a junior I met Amanda and we eventually became an item. The sex was great, frequent enough to keep me happy. At the same time, my gay-themed masturbation slowed considerably due to a combination of: 1) getting real sex with Amanda, 2) having no access to panties or any feminine things and 3) sharing a triple dorm room, limiting private time. However, when home on breaks my masturbation was all about cocks and asses.

We married shortly after graduation and eventually settled into your "typical" suburban lifestyle. Sure enough, as marriage became more routine, my mind (and hormones) started to wander. I became a frequent purchaser of porn and more and more I gravitated to stories about tranny and man-to-man sex. I also started to dabble more and more into Amanda's panty collection.

One day I stopped in an adult video store near work, looking to purchase some porn that I was hoping to share with Amanda. While looking through the racks of options, I noticed a wall full of video booths. In reading so much porn lately, I knew that, in some places, these booths were used for guys to jerk off, or even give each other blow jobs. I was still convinced that I was not gay, but my cock was rock hard from being surrounded by these mountains of porn. Looking around I quickly stepped into a booth and locked the door.

The booth was similar to what I remembered from when I was 18: a video screen, chair and slot for dollars (replacing the token system of my youth). The big difference, however, was that this booth had a hole about the size of a softball drilled into the side wall, right about crotch level. I had never seen one before, but it didn't take a rocket scientist to understand what it was for. I took a few singles and fed the machine.

As the light dimmed in my booth, the screen came on -- a naked man on his knees sucking on a large black cock. I didn't bother changing the channel, watching transfixed and my cock strained inside my pants. Shortly after entering my booth I heard the sound of the adjoining booth close and a person settling in mere feet from me. My heart was racing in panic, but my cock got harder than ever before.

I was stroking myself from the outside, horny, yet scared to fully commit to jerking off in this public place. As I looked to the hole, I saw 2 fingers caress the hole, the "signal" I had heard that meant he wanted my cock. I froze -- fantasy was one thing, but now was my first real choice -- was I going to actually act on it? The neighbor was persistent, keeping his fingers on the hole and whispering "let me see your cock". 

I stood up and placed my crotch near the opening and the fingers reached in and started to rub my bulge. Holy crap I was hot and decided now was the time. I opened my pants and put my cock through the hole.

Almost instantly I felt his warm mouth on my cock. This was more than just a courtesy lick of the head -- this guy was sucking with gusto. While I had a good sex life, Amanda was a good Catholic girl and blowjobs had been reserved for New Years, birthdays and / or when she was really drunk. And even then, she was timid, kind of half-heartedly sucking in an effort to be nice.

This guy, however, was spectacular. He was sucking so hard and so deep, in very short order I felt my balls start to tight up and I came as hard as I ever had. I literally felt my knees buckle. My friend on the other side felt it too because he sucked even harder and made a point of taking all of my cum in his mouth.

As I started to regain my senses, I felt an odd sense of guilt or shame and quickly pulled up my pants. I slinked out of the booth and walked with my head down, almost running towards the railroad. The ride home was a blur as my head was spinning with mixed emotions. I wasn't gay. This was all a big mistake. A one-time thing. I really wanted women. I don't even like the way men look. By the time my train got out to Suffolk County, I was more reassured in myself. 

I felt guilty as I got home, but Amanda saw nothing out of the ordinary. That night she fell asleep before I got to bed, which was good because, truth be told, that blow job had really drained me. I drifted off to sleep knowing that, my adventure completed, my little foray at the glory-hole was over, an aberration. I was back to being my hetero self, that was until I found myself back in the same booth a mere 2 weeks later . . .