 I got a call from an old high school friend named Ross. Some of the old gang were in town and there was going to be a party Friday night at Ross's house. I hadn't seen most of my old male high school friends in a couple of years. I was busy at college and I didn't get home much, only on the holidays and summer.

When I arrived on Friday night, it was just like old times. My male friends hadn't changed much it seemed. These guys still loved to drink beer and tell tall tales about themselves. I got a drink and then sat down on the couch in the living room. I was just taking in all that was going on there. A dark haired guy then sat down next to me. I didn't know who he was, but I soon found out. His name was Paul, he was Ross's cousin. His family happened to be visiting and Ross had asked him to join the festivities.

Paul and I seemed to be hitting it off pretty well. I kept looking at his face and body. I couldn't believe how good looking this guy was. I just hoped he didn't catch me staring too much. After awhile it got too loud in the house, so Paul and I stepped outside to get a little fresh air. It was already dark and we walked to the edge of the property.

Paul was standing dangerously close to me. It was if he was planning to whisper something in my ear. But that wasn't the case, I found out. Paul leaned in and he kissed my mouth. I sort of jolted back at first. He had surprised me. I had never had contact like this with a man. 

"I'm sorry, Jack, I thought you were interested in me," said Paul. I told him that he just caught me by surprise, is all. I then blurted out that I had never kissed a man before. Paul stepped in close once more and put his arm around my waist and pulled me into him. His mouth found mine and we shared a hot kiss together. This time I didn't pull back. I opened my mouth and let Paul's tongue find mine.

I could hardly believe what was happening. Paul's hands were all over me then. I found myself touching his chest also. We seemed to be groping each other while our tongues were in each others mouth. Paul then started pulling my shirt above my head. He got it off and tossed it on the ground. I could feel his hands working at loosening my belt buckle. My pants eventually fell to the ground. I was standing in the dark almost naked. 

Paul then stepped back and shed his clothing. I couldn't believe what was happening. I just hoped we were far enough away from the house that no one could see us. There was a bench that was nearby and Paul dragged me over to it. He told me to lean over it and bend at the waist. My heart was racing as I considered what was coming next. I bent over as Paul asked me to.

Paul then placed his hands on my hips. I then felt his cock slide up and down my ass crack. I can't tell you what was going through my head at that moment. I was almost out of my mind. Paul spit in his hand and he then slicked up his cock with saliva. I kept looking back to see what was happening.

"This might hurt a little," Paul said to me. Then next thing I felt was something invading my asshole, and it hurt like hell. I gritted my teeth as Paul slid his cock deep into my ass channel. It took some minutes for him to get his thick prick inside me. When he finally had his cock in me, he rested it there for awhile. I guess he was letting my muscles get used to the feeling. Slowly I felt him pull back and then he started to stroke me. 

It felt like some monster snake was crawling inside me. Paul eventually sped up. He placed his hands on my shoulders now. He was pulling me into his groin. I started to push back on his cock and we got into a rhythm. I couldn't believe I was liking this. My ass was soon able to take his cock with ease. Paul started to slam into me with harder strokes. Your could hear skin on skin as he thrusted his pecker into my bottom.

After some time Paul pulled out. He turned me around and led me to a table there in the backyard. Paul had me lay back on this table, then he lifted me by my ankles. I was totally exposed as I felt his cock enter me once more. Paul really began to fuck me in earnest. He started talking dirty to me then. 

"I'm going to take your manpussy, Jack, breed your hole," Paul had me in a frenzy now.

I couldn't really see how big Paul's cock was, but it felt immense. He just kept driving it into me without ever slowing down. How long we had been at it I hadn't a clue. I just remember hearing Paul grunting and then He tried to push his pecker deep into my stomach. I felt the heat of his love cum filling my asshole. Paul kept pounding me for a long time. I could feel his cum flooding my tunnel. Eventually his cock got soft and he slid out of me. 

We both were panting like mad there in the dark back yard. It took me some minutes to collect myself. I stood up finally and I felt Paul's seed drip out of my hole. I tried to push it out of me as much as possible. We both walked over to where our piles of clothes lay. We got dressed and then Paul went back into the house and I followed moments later.

It seemed as if no one had missed us. Everyone seemed to have a considerable amount of liquor in them by now. Most of the guys were in their own little world. I was exhausted. I told Paul I was going to head on home. Paul slipped me his cellphone number and told me to call him soon. I drove home and went to the bathroom. I unloaded what remaining cum Paul had deposited in my ass and then went to bed.

The next morning my ass was on fire. Paul must have stretched me beyond belief. I got a shower and ate some breakfast. My mind was on Paul, however. I called his phone that afternoon. He seemed as if he were still excited from last night's activities. He asked me how it felt. I told him his cock really stretched my ass. Paul then asked me if I wanted to do it again. I paused for a second and told him yes. Paul then told me how he wanted to suck my cock and then have me suck his. He was talking dirty to me again and my cock was stirring in my pants.

We made plans to hook up before his family heads back home. I will try and report to you how my second session with Paul goes.