 This is an interesting topic and I have given it a bit of thought on how to approach my experiences. I really had to think about it and actually decided that my experiences fit into two categories. First were those experiences I had as a curious youth experimenting? I'm sure many of us have had positive childhood sexual experiences with members of the same or opposite sex that helped to shape who we are as adults. The second was the experiences pursued as a sexually mature person. I first became aware of "fooling around" from an older kid who we spent a lot of time with. We would play silly kid games like squeezing each others privates and having fun riding the banister in the hallway as well as other fun. I think these experiences made me realize that when we could not get one of the girls to play the guys could have fun with out them. As I got older and spent time with some much older guys I found out what they could be like when drunk and their inhibitions were down. Since I could not drink I witnessed their drunken male behavior in a different light. I remember watching when they bet one guy to stick his dick in a passed out friends ear. He was well endowed and agreed to do it. The friend woke up in time to see the large penis coming his way! Another time one of them (when drunk) offered me (the much younger guy) money to suck him off. He dropped his pants and exposed himself. The responsible person in the group told him to put his dick away and made the comment that they were such a bunch of horny pigs (and I was so money hungry at the time) that I would be bent over taking them on if he did not stop them. I remember the comment because it was at that time I realized the power woman had over men and their penises and the thought of being used in that way sexually excited me.

While my wife and I were dating each other and others I realized what a turn on it was to hook up with her after she had been with one of her boyfriends. She would come to my place with a pussy full of cum and want to have sex with me. Seeing cum dripping from her pussy was and still is a huge turn on. She got off on having me lick her very wet pussy. Though we did not talk about it at the time I knew she was not wet from her juice alone. It was amazing to me (and to her) how hot the sex was for both of us when we did this.

After we had gotten married and agreed to do our sexual exploring together we realized that being with homophobic guys was a turn off. We both had a lot more fun when the guy was ok with being close to another guy and not afraid of any incidental contact you may have when doing a mfm. We had one friend who had been our first mfm. He was a bit older well hung and enjoyed fucking with us. At the time we were in our early twenties and he was mid 30's. Now that I'm older I realize even more what a treat it was for him. I had gotten comfortable licking the two of them when they would fuck. We both decided to take it to the next level. She knew I wanted to see her with another girl and she wanted to see me with a guy. The next time we got together my wife encouraged me to get on my knees to "see what its like". She held his cock to my lips and pushed my head forward and for the first time I was on my knees with a mouth full of cock. It was surprisingly exciting and I understood right away why it turned woman on to do it. I could feel his penis swell and could feel his level of sexual excitement rising and he thrust in and out of my mouth. The scene really turned my wife on and she kept encouraging me to take it all the way down. I could feel my own cock throbbing with the excitement and I realized that I was going to do this until I made our friend cum. I did my best to swallow and deep throat his cock and the more I swallowed it the harder it seemed to get. I knew he was going to cum from the noise he was making and when he did I almost came myself without even touching my cock. I swallowed as best I could and just let him enjoy using my mouth and that was the first time I ever gave head to a guy.