 PRELUDE

The 18 year old Tyler was buried balls deep in Buddy's tight asshole. Buddy was flattened on the bed face down as Tyler drove his 7+" cock deep into the bowels of his summer lover. Buddy's ass moved under Tyler but Tyler's strength and drive kept Buddy pinned under him. Tyler's powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled Buddy's ass. Tyler's thick cock drove into Buddy and then retreated until only the head remained in Buddy's rectum. Buddy felt the powerful shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing Buddy to cry out.

"Oh God your cock is so thick in my ass, so deep. Oh fuck yeah, fill me with your big dick. Cum in me, I want you shooting in my ass," Buddy exclaimed!

Tyler continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his 18 year old lover driving his cock into the warm recess. Tyler sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in Buddy's hot ass. Tyler felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. Tyler felt Buddy's sphincter muscle tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of spunk out of it.

"Oh shit, I feel it. I love it when you cum in me. I love your hot seed flooding my ass," Buddy cried out.

Tyler stayed hard and he slowly fucked Buddy's ass as the semen coated his shaft. Buddy sensed that Tyler was up for another round and whispered, "Tyler if you are going to keep fucking my ass let's roll on our sides."

Tyler rolled to his side keeping his cock in Buddy's ass as he pulled Buddy with him. Tyler's hands wrapped around and caressed Buddy's body. Tyler ran his hands over Buddy's effeminate breasts and tight abs and then they drifted toward Buddy's pubes. The back of Tyler's hand brushed against Buddy's erect cock causing Buddy to gasp.

"Please hold me and jerk me," Buddy pleaded.

Tyler took hold of the 5" cock of his friend and stroked it as he fucked Buddy's ass again. Tyler was not interested in cock but he didn't mind jerking off Buddy and he liked seeing Buddy shoot. Buddy and Tyler both had amazing capacities for ejaculations. They would have volcanic like orgasms when they came and their semen would sometimes shoot four or five feet in the air, particularly with their first ejaculations of the day.

Tyler kept fucking Buddy until they both came. Buddy came twice before Tyler came in Buddy's ass a second time. The first time Buddy ejaculated, his cum shot passed his face and hit the headboard. The second time he came his seed hit him in the face and neck. Then Tyler lost it and dumped another powerful load in Buddy's ass. The two of them rested on their sides as Tyler slipped his cock out of Buddy's asshole. 

They remained cuddled together in the spoon position as they were in no hurry to separate. It was the last morning that Tyler would spend in Buddy's bedroom and he wanted to savor it. Tyler thought back to how innocently it had started four weeks ago and how far he had come. Not in his wildest dreams did he think that he would ever have sex with another guy and it was still had to believe that he had. The four weeks with Buddy had been incredible and Tyler was sure that he had become bisexual.

LEARNING ABOUT BUDDY

Tyler, a handsome 18 year old had recently graduated from high school. He was a fit young man who stood at 6'2" and weighed a chiseled 175 pounds. Tyler had light brown hair and hazel eyes and he had a nice cock that was just over seven inches long. His 18 year old girlfriend Paula loved his cock and he loved having sex with her. He had been looking forward to a hot summer with Paula but his plans changed.

Tyler's uncle, not really his uncle, called Tyler and asked for his help at his cabin up north. Uncle Bob, what Tyler called him, was a good friend of Tyler's dad. Uncle Bob had a son named Buddy who had also graduated from high school. Uncle Bob said he thought he would need Tyler for about four weeks maybe less. As much as Tyler wanted to spend the entire summer with Paula, he agreed to help out Uncle Bob. He would still have plenty of time with Paula when he returned home. 

Tyler took a bus up north to the depot where he was met by Uncle Bob and Buddy. They drove him out to the cabin and he received a big hug from Bob's wife, Aunt Alice. Buddy showed Tyler to the bedroom they would be sharing and Tyler was glad that there were two beds in the room. Tyler studied Buddy and he felt that Buddy acted a little bit feminine. Buddy was 5'8" and weighed about 150 pounds. He had blonde hair that he wore long for a guy and beautiful blue eyes. Tyler noticed that Buddy's shorts seemed small for him and they were very tight around his ass. Buddy had a very shapely ass for a guy.

That evening Alice made dinner for everyone and then they sat around and got caught up on news. Later in the evening the boys turned in as they would have a busy day tomorrow helping Uncle Bob repair the boat dock. In the bedroom they undressed and Tyler was surprised to learn that Buddy slept in the nude. Tyler kept his underwear on but he was naked from the waist up. When Buddy turned his back and leaned over the bed, Tyler stared at his shapely ass again. In all the times he had been around guys in the locker room he had never seen an ass so fine.

Tyler got in bed and pulled the covers over him. Buddy got in be but did not cover his body. Tyler could see the outline of Buddy's body in the dim light supplied by the night light. As his eyes adjusted in the dimly lit room, Tyler could see that Buddy's arm was moving. Tyler rolled to his side so and kept his eyes on Buddy and that's when he realized that Buddy was stroking his cock.

"Holy shit," Tyler thought to himself, "He's jerking off."

Tyler was no stranger to masturbation and he often jerked off thinking about his girlfriend Paula. However he always masturbated in private and he had never seen anyone else do it. Tyler watched as Buddy got close to cumming and as he did he felt his own cock stiffen in his underwear. 

"Shit," he thought to himself, "I'm getting a woody."

Tyler chalked up his impromptu erection to thinking about Paula and watching Buddy. He carefully lowered his underwear far enough to free his stiff dick and he gently stroked it under the bedcovers. Tyler couldn't believe his actions as he secretly jerked off in one bed while his friend Buddy openly masturbated in the other. Tyler was more turned on than he would have expected and he knew that he was close to cumming.

"Aggh," in a soft moan came from Buddy's bed and Tyler knew that his friend was ejaculating. Tyler couldn't see the force of Buddy's release but he sensed that it was a big one. Buddy continued to stroke his cock and squeezed the remaining semen from it allowing the gooey substance to puddle on his pubes. Tyler had lost his composure and his hand was moving rapidly under the covers. 

Buddy rolled his head to the side and he smiled to himself when he saw the bedcovers moving. He had hoped that Tyler would jerk off and he was sure that his public display had helped Tyler along. Tyler was on the verge of a huge orgasm but he was nervous about cumming in the guest bed. He pulled up his underwear to cover his cock and not a second too soon. Tyler moaned softly as he ejaculated into his underwear soaking the cotton material. 

Tyler, not wanting to get the sheets wet, pushed the bedcovers down exposing his lower body. He rolled on his back so that his cum-soaked underwear was not in contact with the bed or the covers. Tyler remained on his back letting the semen dry in his undershorts and he eventually fell asleep in that position. Buddy also remained on his back and let his load dry on his skin. The two boys slept soundly as the semen dried on their bodies. Tyler had no clue about his destiny over the next four weeks.

The following morning, Tyler woke up and he felt like he had starch in his undershorts. The sensation was a reminder that he had dumped a massive load in them. He looked over at Buddy who faked being asleep. Buddy was on his side facing away from Tyler and he was still naked. Buddy had moved his leg as to accentuate his super fine ass in hopes of enticing Tyler. Tyler stared at the shapely ass and as he studied it, he convinced himself that Buddy had a nicer ass than Paula.

Buddy had never fucked Paula in the ass; in fact he never even considered it. He did like fucking her doggy style and caressing her shapely buns but that was the extent of their anal experience. As Tyler stared at Buddy he wished in a bizarre way that Buddy had a pussy. Tyler started to get hard thinking about Buddy as a girl so he changed his focus. Tyler got up and went to the guest bathroom to take his morning piss. Just then Buddy rolled over and spotted the erection in Tyler's undershorts.

"Hey there, you have a woody," Buddy said with a laugh.

"Yeah, thinking about my girlfriend Paula," Tyler replied and then he left the bedroom to use the bathroom.

Buddy smiled again as he was pleased with how the first night went. He began playing with his cock and got it hard. He stroked it briefly and then stopped as he had no intention of cumming that morning. Buddy got up and joined Tyler in the bathroom. Tyler was surprised that Buddy was still naked when he entered the bathroom. Buddy stood over the sink and brushed his teeth as Tyler finished peeing. Tyler then moved away and from the toilet and walked behind Buddy to go back to the bedroom. Buddy acted as if he didn't see Tyler and purposely backed into him.

Buddy's buttocks grazed Tyler's thighs and Buddy faked an excuse. Tyler was surprised by the contact and he was annoyed that he actually felt a tingle run through his body. Buddy also felt a charge run through him and his body shivered in response. The two boys got dressed and then joined Buddy's parents for breakfast. Tyler had wanted to shower but Buddy told him to wait until dinner time. He reminded Tyler that they would be working and sweating all day.

Following breakfast Uncle Bob, Tyler and Buddy worked all day removing the old boat dock. Alice had brought them lunch at the dock and afterward they went right back to work. They quit at 4:30 PM as they were all tired. They returned to the house showered, dressed and ate dinner. Just as they had the evening before, Uncle Bob, Tyler and Buddy relaxed and Alice cleaned up after dinner. They all chatted for awhile and then Uncle Bob reminded them that they had another big day tomorrow.

Tyler and Buddy went to their bedroom and once again Buddy stripped naked in the presence of Tyler. He got in bed on his back and Tyler watched in amazement as Buddy began playing with himself. This time the bedroom light was on and Tyler could clearly see Buddy's stiff cock. Embarrassed, Tyler whispered harshly at Buddy.

"Gees Buddy, what the hell do you think you are doing?" Tyler challenged.

"It's pretty obvious isn't it? I'm jerking off. Come on get in your bed and do it too," Buddy replied.

"I will not," Tyler snapped.

"Oh come on, I know you were jerking off last night. Thinking about your girlfriend were you?"

Tyler turned beet red but her knew he was busted. "Don't be such a prude. Lose the underwear and get in your bed and jerk off with me," Buddy pressed.

Tyler as if in a trance did what Buddy suggested. He shed his underwear, got in bed and pushed the covers down. Tyler took his cock in his hand and he was surprised that he got hard so quickly. Tyler stroked his cock as he stared at Buddy who in turn stared at Tyler. The two boys jerked off at the same time in their own bed and Tyler found it kind of exciting. He noticed that Buddy's cock was shorter and skinnier than his own. Tyler's cock did not escape Buddy's eyes. He had hoped that Tyler was hung and he was not disappointed. 

The two of them continued with their exhibition and as they did they got closer to cumming. Buddy ejaculated first and Tyler was surprised by the force and amount of semen. Several streams shot into the air and landed on Buddy's chest and abs. Buddy kept stroking and squeezing his cock until the remaining semen oozed out onto his pubes. This set Tyler off and he too shot volcanic like streams in the air that landed on his body. Tyler released his cock and let the remaining cum seep out. Even though they had just both cum their cocks remained hard.

Buddy got out of bed and said, "I'll be right back."

He returned carrying a washcloth from the bathroom and he proceeded to cleanse the semen from his body. "Let me have that when you are done," Tyler whispered.

But Buddy had other ideas and he walked over to Tyler's bed. Instead of handing the washcloth to Tyler, Buddy began washing the semen from Tyler's body. The touch jolted Tyler. 

"Hey, what are you doing? Give that to me," Tyler demanded.

"Relax, you're my guest. I'll take care of this," Buddy insisted as he cleansed Tyler's body.

Tyler froze in bed and watched as his friend ran the washcloth over the semen covered skin. When Buddy reached the pubic area, Tyler grabbed his hand. "Relax you silly goose," Buddy laughed. 

Buddy wiped cum from Tyler's pubes and as he did he let the back of his hand brush against Tyler's erect cock. The cock twitched and Tyler gasped at the light touch. Buddy wanted to grab the impressive cock and shove it in his mouth but he knew to take things slow. He finished washing Tyler and by the time he was done, they were both ready to jerk off again. Buddy smiled at Tyler and when Tyler's hand reached for his own cock, Buddy got in bed with him.

"What are you doing?" Tyler asked in a panic.

"Let's jerk off together," Buddy said as he grabbed his cock.

The two boys, much to Tyler's amazement, lay in the same bed jerking off. Buddy inched closer to Tyler so that the outside of their legs were touching. It was like an electric shock traveled through their bodies. Tyler was still in disbelief that this was going on but he went along with it. He actually was turned on by the act and within minutes he was shooting another massive load. Buddy was right behind Tyler and he too shot an impressive load into the air and on his body.

They both relaxed with their legs still touching holding onto to their cocks. Remarkably both teenagers remained hard. Buddy decided that it was enough for one night and he was pleased on how things were going. They still had more than three weeks together and the seduction was going well. Buddy once again cleaned up both of their bodies and then he returned to his own bed. Buddy turned out the light and then dozed off thinking about the next step with Tyler. In turn, Tyler fell asleep with his thoughts going to both Paula and Buddy.

ONE STEP AT A TIME

The next day was a repeat of the previous day. After breakfast they worked on the boat dock and ate lunch there. They quit around five and returned to the house. Uncle Bob, Tyler and Buddy showered, dressed and then ate the dinner that Alice had prepared. They had another day or two to remove the old dock and then they would start on the new construction. Following another evening of visiting and chatting everyone retired. Buddy and Tyler were anxious to get naked in their bedroom.

Both boys giggled as they stripped off their clothes and Tyler was already hard by the time he removed his underwear. Tyler got in his bed and began jerking off. Buddy surprised Tyler when he got in bed with him. Tyler moved to make room and Buddy made sure that their legs touched as they masturbated. Tyler had settled in to the public display of mutual masturbation and he was now comfortable with it. In fact Tyler had to admit that he liked to see Buddy shoot.

Tyler removed his hand to spit on it and when he did Buddy took a hold of Tyler's cock. "Whoa, what the hell," Tyler reacted.

"Let me do this, just enjoy it," Buddy whispered as he began stroking Tyler's big dick.

Once again Tyler was stunned but he went with the flow. It did feel good having a hand other than his own on his cock. He closed his eyes and imagined he was with Paula and that she was jerking him off. Buddy stroked Tyler's cock with one hand and his own with the other. It took every ounce of willpower to not cover Tyler's cock with his mouth. Buddy was very turned on stroking Tyler's cock and so much so that his own release caught him by surprise. Six forceful streams blasted out of his cock landing on his body and the bed. Tyler had opened his eyes in time to see Buddy shoot and he was glad that he did. Tyler had no intention of touching Buddy's cock and he made that known. 

"Buddy, I like the feel of your hand but I have to tell you I won't do that," Tyler said half apologizing.

"No problem Tyler, I just like the feel of your cock. I like doing this. You don't have to reciprocate," Buddy told him as he continued to stroke the impressive cock.

Buddy felt Tyler's cock twitch and he sensed that Tyler was about to shoot his wad. "I'm going to cum," Tyler whispered urgently.

Buddy kept stroking Tyler's cock but he pointed it toward his own body. Tyler's head rolled back and he groaned as he felt the impending ejaculation. Buddy stroked the cock faster and watched as the massive load shot out of the tiny hole at the cock head. Tyler's cum hit Buddy in the face, neck and hair before the second and third volley's hit his chest and stomach. Tyler was caught off guard when he saw his seed land on his friend's body. Buddy kept stroking and squeezing the throbbing cock until it was empty. His hand was cum-covered and he shocked Tyler when he licked his hand clean. 

"Paula never did that," Tyler thought quietly as he watched his friend lick the foreign semen from his hand.

Buddy continued to stroke Tyler's cock as he knew that they both had plenty left. Buddy jerked on his cock as well and he brought them both off a second time. He again aimed Tyler's cock so that Tyler would cum on Buddy's skin and he licked his hand and fingers clean as he did before. Tyler was somewhat set back by the act but at the same time a little turned on. Buddy cleaned them both up with the washcloth before returning to his own bed. Both teenagers slept soundly but not before wondering what was in store for tomorrow night. Tyler wondered what else Buddy would do as Buddy plotted his next move. 

It was Thursday morning and the boys followed the morning ritual. They were anxious to get back to the bedroom that evening as Tyler was looking forward to getting jerked off again by Buddy. As they worked through the day Buddy wondered just how far he would be able to go with Tyler that night. They finished ripping out the old dock and Uncle Bob announced that he would go into town on Friday and order the lumber for the new dock. When Buddy heard that he knew that he would have to move fast that evening since he was to be alone with Tyler on Friday.

After dinner that evening Alice said that she would go into town with her husband and pick up some more groceries. Buddy had been hoping that he would have had more time with Tyler before they would be alone but then he decided to go for it anyway. That night both boys anxiously undressed and Tyler got into bed naked and waited for Buddy to join him but Buddy beckoned Tyler to his bed. Tyler, with his big stiff dick bobbing in front of him, walked over to Buddy who was seated on the side of the bed. Tyler sat next to Buddy expecting another hand job.

Tyler let Buddy touch him. Tyler liked the feeling of a hand different from his own on his cock and he closed his eyes as Buddy stroked it. Tyler thought about Paula and imagined it was her who was stroking his cock. Buddy slowly stroked the big dick with one hand and cupped Tyler's bloated balls with the other hand. Tyler sighed as Buddy's hands moved over the genitals.

"I'm going to kiss it. Your cock looks so good I have to kiss it," Buddy whispered.
