 Having been married for over 10 years, and whilst having a very active sex life with my wife, I found that I had been having lots of fantasies about other men; more specifically, about being gang fucked by a group of guys. I had shared my fantasies with my wife, Kat, who found them a massive turn-on; she had even encouraged me to go to a local gay bar but I was wary of being seen by other friends who were unaware of my newfound sexuality. 

One Friday evening I was out with some work colleagues in a bar in the city centre when I noticed a guy looking over at me; he was in his late 20s and was good looking. He, like me, was with a group of other men and so the occasional look seemed as far as things would go, that was assuming that he was gay or bisexual. 

The toilets for the bar were upstairs, via a tight stairwell. On the way down I stopped to read some flyers on the walls and as I did, I heard someone approaching. It was the man who had been staring at me and he nodded hello. He then pushed past me, his groin against my ass and his hands on my waist as he made a show of having to squeeze past. I couldn't help but push back against him and was sure I could feel his cock hardening against me. As he walked up the stairs he looked over his shoulder and asked if I was coming up as well, I was nervous but followed him. 

Inside the toilets he came towards me and without warning kissed me on the lips, his tongue probing my mouth. After the initial surprise I responded and my hand slipped down to between his legs where I could feel what felt like a massive cock hard under his jeans. The guy, whose name I later found out was Mark, pulled me into one of the cubicles and locked the door. He then continued to kiss me hard and I frantically pulled at his belt and opened his jeans; I sunk to my knees and pulled his cock out, it was about 8" long and solid. I slowly licked the purple helmet and then ran my tongue up and down his length, from base to tip. Mark groaned as I did so, he had hold of my head as I worked on him; he hardly needed to keep my head there, I was more than happy servicing his gorgeous cock. I sucked and licked at his shaven balls and then returned to his cock, taking as much of it down my throat as I could. Mark's moans were becoming more intense and I knew he was going to cum soon. I moved my head back and wanked his cock as I licked and sucked gently at his sensitive helmet; this done the trick and I was rewarded with spurt after spurt of hot cum, which I let run down my tongue to the back of my throat, swallowing every drop of his juices. 

I stood back up and Mark pulled me against him, his tongue slipping into my mouth and tasting his own cum; my own cock was desperate for release and Mark obliged, undoing my jeans and slipping his hands down the front, massaging my cock and balls. He commented that he liked the feel of my shaved cock and balls and then said outright that he wanted my cock up his ass. He turned around and spread his legs as he leant against the wall, his toned ass pushing against my cock. I used some of my own saliva to lubricate my cock and pushed against his tight hole. Mark moaned gently as my length slid into him; he took my cock easily enough so after some gentle thrusts I sped up and started to give him a really hard fuck, pulling his head around so I could tongue his mouth. Mark was pushing back against me, urging me to fill him with my cum and after just a few moments I felt my orgasm start to build up as his tight ass gripped my cock. With one last hard thrust I started to cum up Mark's ass, feeling the pleasure of the release and the dirtiness of fucking this stranger in the toilets. 

My cock eventually stopped spurting and I slowly withdrew, Mark immediately turned around and knelt down, taking my semi erect cock into his mouth and cleaning the remains of my cum from it. I could see that as he did this he was fingering his own ass, using my thick sperm as lubricant. He then used the same fingers to slip into my ass whilst he licked at my balls; my cock started hardening again as he finger fucked me with two fingers, lubed by my own cum, but just as my cock regained it's full solid state, Mark got up and said that was just a taster for later, if I wanted to join him and his friends at his flat. The thought of my fantasy, being gang fucked, flashed through my mind and without hesitation I agreed. After fixing himself, Mark said he had better get back to his friends and left the toilets, leaving me with the taste of cum in my mouth and an ass aching to be filled after his teasing. When I went downstairs a few moments later I walked past Mark and his friends; the way they were looking at me they obviously knew what had just happened but I didn't care, I was too busy sizing them up and wondering if I would be able to take them all later on; Kat was going to have a surprise when I went home smelling of cum and with a used ass...