 After I had finished my shower and was drying myself, Chris came upstairs and told me to come into the bedroom once I was done. I joined him a few moments later and he told me that Kat had told him about my fantasies of being used by a few men and that one of his friends would be arriving within the hour. I asked him if he wanted to join me on the bed for a warm-up but he refused, telling me that from this moment on I was his and his friend's slave and cum-slut, that I was only to speak when spoken to and that I was to do everything I was told. He asked if I understood and I just nodded, feeling nervous but very aroused as I stood naked before my new 'Master'.

Chris then told me to lie on the queen-size bed and he secured my hands to the bedstead. He put on a porn film and told me to watch it. He then left the room and I watched the film, which was basically a guy in his 20's getting fucked in the ass and mouth by 3 well endowed black men. My cock was solid as I watched and though still nervous, I hoped that I would be getting just as good a seeing to shortly. 

About 40 minutes later I heard voices downstairs and then footsteps on the stairs. Chris came in followed another well built black guy. Chris did not introduce him to me, just told him that this was his new cock-whore and that they could do whatever they wanted with or to me as my wife had given them permission to use me any way they wanted. The black guy, whose name was Jay, asked me what Kat looked like, Chris interrupted and told him that she was very sexy; Jay turned to me and said that now I was their cock-whore maybe they should have me and Kat together, that she'd probably enjoy a bit of black cock action; I said that she probably would, but only if I got to have your cock up my ass first. The black guy just smiled and said to Chris that he'd got lucky finding such a dirty fucker and then he and Chris got undressed and before I knew it their mouths were sucking at my cock, my nipples and tonguing my mouth. 

I felt my legs being lifted into the air and saw Jay kneeling between them, his massive cock in his hand, guiding it towards my ass. I wondered if I would be able to take him but he didn't seem to care and in one movement his cock thrust into me, his swollen balls slapping agaiinst my own as he immediately started fucking me. As he done this I was presented with Chris' cock, pushing at my lips, I took him into my mouth and he roughly started to fuck my face. Jay sped up his assault on my ass and I spurred him on, telling him that I wanted his black cum in my ass and to give me everything he had. He held my legs up, almost on this shoulders as he pounded into me and then he shuddered and I felt his seed spilling into me, the second load of cum in my ass in just a few hours and hopefully not the last. 

Chris stopped fucking my mouth and moved down the bed as Jay withdrew his cock, his cum leaking from my gaping ass. Chris filled the void straightaway and Jay knelt on the bed next my head, telling me that since I was such a dirty fucker that I could suck his cock clean of cum. I did as I was told and then Jay straddled my face and told me to suck and lick his balls and ass. I was in heaven as I sucked on his shaven balls and then licked his ass and probed it with my tongue, all the while being fucked hard by Chris. As I tongued Jay's hole he leant forward and I felt his mouth on my cock, licking up and down the shaft and then he leant further down and I felt his tongue licking around my ass while Chris thrust his cock in and out of me. Jay's tongue on his shaft must have been too much for Chris and he gasped as he came again, adding his sperm to Jay's already in me. I clenched my ass, milking him of his creamy cum and when Jay started to suck again on my cock I could not hold off and came, spurt after spurt, into his mouth and down his throat as he greedily swallowed it. 

My attention to his balls and ass had gotten Jay hard again and he climbed off me, told me to turn around and get on my knees with my head in the pillow. The ropes tightened on me as they flipped me over; I could see Chris' semi-erect cock dripping cum and hoped that he would make me lick it off, I just could not get enough of these two men's cum. To my surprise I felt Jay's tongue on my ass and then inside me, clearly I wasn't the only one who enjoyed the taste of cum. Chris came to the top of the bed and roughly turned my head to face him, wiping the sticky mess from his cock over my lips, which I in turn licked, tasting the mix of his and Jay's cum. Chris was telling Jay to ride me again, and as Jay's massive cock stretched me open again Chris was wanking his cock as he watched, occasionally slapping me in the face with it, teasing me when I opened my mouth, wanting to take his cock in my mouth again. 

Chris was urging Jay to 'fuck the little white bitch' and I felt Jay's efforts increase, it was as if he was trying to split me in two, but still I pushed back, wanting to feel every inch of his gorgeous black cock inside me. He didn't disappoint, he was ramming it in hard as he told me I was a dirty white fucker and that he couldn't wait to fuck me in the ass and then make me watch him fuck Kat in her pussy and ass; he told me that he would make her squat over my face afterwards and let his cum drip from her ass and pussy and into my mouth. The thought of this was fantastic and I made up my mind there and then that I would encourage Kat to have them both visit us, if I got out of this house in one piece, considering the fucking I was getting.  

A flash lit the room and I saw Chris holding the camera phone again, saying that's another one for Kat, that he was sure she would like the picture of me being fucked like a cheap whore by a black man. I was sure she would and had no doubt she'd be using her massive black strap-on on me when I got home. Jay was telling me he was going to cum again and his cock seemed to get larger, stretching me to the limit as it exploded cum into me; he was holding my waist, pulling me back onto him as he knelt back, exhausted from his efforts at fucking me. I too felt exhausted, absolutely used and collapsed onto the bed. Chris was determined to cum again and so he continued to wank his own cock until he told me to open up and shot his cum all over my face, some in my mouth but mainly over my face. He then used his cock to wipe the cum from my face into my open mouth and I swallowed every drop of it until he moved away and I couldn't help but doze off, 4 loads of cum leaking slowly from my ass, more in my stomach and cum drying on my face. I vaguely heard Chris and Jay leave the room but was sleeping before they got to the bottom of the steps; my last thoughts were how I felt like such a male slut and wondered when Chris would untie me and send me home...?