 After finding out that I love cock I learned about cruising places which I didn't know about. I was at the adult store but it was very slow and the guys in there were not appealing to me as they were really old and looked like they hadn't showered in a week. It was after midnight and I left the store and headed to my car which was parked in a lot behind the store. 

I got in and was sitting there thinking how horny I was and wishing I could find a decent guy to suck off. As I sat there I noticed there were a few cars that seemed to keep circling the block every few minutes and then I noticed the parking lot across the street and a couple cars parked near the back of the lot close to the building and seemed when these cars would circle one of the cars brake lights would flash for a few seconds.

After about maybe 10 minutes I see one of the cars that were circling the block pull into the other lot and park next to the car that was flashing his brake lights. After a couple minutes both cars pulled out and seemed to follow each other. By this time it was about 1am and another car pulled into that lot and backed his car up to the building and started flashing his brake lights to the cars still circling and shortly afterwards another car pulled in and then they both left.

I got curious as to what was going on that I drove over to the lot and backed my car in and as the cars went around the block I would flash my brake lights as I had watched. About 10 minutes later a car pulled in next to me and rolled his window down. I was nervous and not sure what to do and my window was already down and figured I would let him take the lead not knowing what to expect.

He looks over and says how's it going? I replied not bad and how about you? HE says good but horny as hell. I said same here then he asked what you looking for? I said I'm not sure because I never did this before. He asked if I was a cop and I laughed and said no (thought it was a line out of a movie)then he said he was looking for a blow job.

I told him I love sucking cock which he asked do I swallow and I replied yes. He then asked if I had some place to go and I told him in the book store is the only place I know and he said he didn't want to go in there but knew of a place and if I wanted to suck his cock to follow him. Nervous but said okay. He pulled out and I followed him and we pulled into a side parking lot by the local zoo. He gets out and starts heading to a patch of woods by the play ground area.

There were a few other cars in the lot and what sounded like teenagers partying not too far from us but on the opposite side of the lot. I get out and follow him into the patch of woods and he turns around then tells me to get on my knees (which recently I found I love being told to get on my knees) I got down on my knees and he is just standing there and tells me to undo his pants and get his cock out which I quickly do and he's semi hard.

Then he says okay cock sucker start sucking my cock. I started stroking him and put the head in my mouth and could feel him getting harder. I lick his head which is a nice mushroom shape an somewhat thick. He lets out a low moan and says that's it faggot suck my cock and with that he puts his hands on my head and starts to push his hips into my face.

I was really starting to get into his cock with the way he was talking and with the sound of the party off in the distance and then he started face fucking me and getting faster and faster and I could feel his 6 inch or so cock hitting the back of my throat but not long enough to go down my throat or to gag on. 

He stops and tells me to pull my pants down and jerk myself as I suck his cock and I was rock hard and quickly get my pants down and start stroking as he goes back to fucking my face. Just about that time I see head lights pull in and heard the car door shut and the guys I was sucking didn't slow down with his assault on my mouth and verbal talk.

About a minute or so later I try to pull off his cock because I heard someone coming our way but he grabbed my head tighter and wouldn't let me. In fact he was fucking my mouth even harder and I could actually feel my lips smashing into his pelvic and felt like they were getting bruised b his assault.

By this time I could feel his head starting to swell and one last slam he shoves in as hard as he could and holds my head tight and with all his cock deep in my mouth he starts to cum and moans telling me swallow my cum you faggot cock sucker swallow it all.

He must have shot 5 or 6 streams into my mouth making me choke a little as I tried to swallow as fast as I could and some of it leaked out the side of my mouth when he pulled out he held my head and rubbed his cock all around my mouth smearing what had leaked out then tells me to open my mouth and shoves his cock back in and tells me to clean the rest of his cum off his cock like a good cum slut.

Once he was done he pulls out and looks to the side and as I looked there were 2 guys standing there stroking each others cocks and the guy I just sucked off says he's a cock whore and have at it I am sure he'll suck you guys off as he was walking back to his car.

The 2 standing there asked if I was up for it and I said sure if you want I'm game. They walked a few steps closer and they both pointed their cocks at my face and I reached for both their cocks and started licking the heads going back and forth and then started sucking each one alternating between them and could tell by their moans and groans that they were enjoying it. I could feel my lips were a little sore from the first guy but I was enjoying more cock so I just continued.

While I was sucking one of the guys the other one started running his hands on my ass being I had my pants down and made some comment about my ass being small and very cute and being I am only 5'7 and 140 pounds and basically can wear a large in young teens shorts I have heard similar comments at the book store.

While I kept sucking his friend the one playing with my ass started putting his wet finger in my hole and the 2 and after a couple minutes he pulls me up off my knees which actually felt good from being on them for some time. Then I felt his tongue on my hole which felt really good and I let out a moan while deep throating his friends cock. 

Shortly afterwards I felt some lube being put on my hole and the guy saying he was going to enjoy fucking me and then felt the head of his cock on my hole and putting pressure on it. He asked if I liked getting fucked and I pulled of his friends cock and said I love cock and cum in both my holes.

He slowly pushed the head in and with a little pop he was in and stopped moving for a bit I guess to get my hole use to his fat cock head and ask if I liked it and I said I love it please fuck me and breed me then his friend jammed his cock in my mouth and said we're gonna make you air tight you horny little bitch.

With that they both started fucking me and got into a rhythm where they were both pushing in and out at the same time smashing me between them as they fucked my ass and mouth. This went on for maybe 5 minutes and then they guy fucking my ass jammed his cock in me as far as possible and gripping my hips as tight as he could and told me my ass was so tight and made for fucking and with that I could feel his warm cum fill my insides and all I could do was moan on his friends cock which showed no signs of cumming yet.

Once the guy fucking me was done cumming he pulled out and his friend says it's his turn and they switched positions. Luckily I had cleaned out before going to the store so I was pretty clean as the guy that just fucked me gets in front and tells me to clean his cock off and calls me a fucking faggot whore. The other guy gets his cock in my which was bigger than his friends at about 7 1/2 inches and rather thick and with the cum in my ass it slide in easy and the cum acted like lube as he started pounding me balls deep.

I finished cleaning off his friends cock and was now moaning and begging his friend to fuck me harder as I was pushing my ass back as he pumped forward. He asked me what I was and I said I am a cock whore and a cum slut and how much I love cock. He was pounding so hard we almost fell over but his friend grabbed my shoulders and held us up.

A few minutes later he groans and fills my ass and once he stopped he spun me around and had me clean his cock off as he was calling me different names. We got done and as we all dressed we chatted some and that's when they told me how I met the first guy was called cruising and that was one of the cruising spots and informed me of a couple other ones which was at a local park and another one at a restroom at a local beach between beaches 1 and 2 and that I should check them out.

I asked why they were here in the first place and they told me they would normally come here in hopes of finding someone playing and get some action also like tonight. it was close to 3am when we were leaving and this was the night I found out about cruising for cock and as I left the zoo area I thought to myself this won't be the last time I go cruising because I am loving cock more and more as I learn.