 I was 22 years old, slim and very athletic, have always had girlfriends and have always been very dominant with them. I grew up privately schooled and in the church, but still loved taking my girl whenever and wherever like a normal guy... Until I met a guy named G.

I met him while bowling, an athletic looking 34 year old black guy, not sure why he suddenly took interest in being my friend, but I didn't have many other than my girlfriend, so I appreciated the friendship. We watched sports on tv and hung out. It was a great friendship.

One evening, he had come over, and it was late, so he asked if he could just stay the night. I said of course and gave him a pillow for the couch. I went to bed without thought. Not long after, he wanted to be in the bed because the couch was uncomfortable, which I thought was strange but alright. I turned over and tried to sleep, wondering what was up with him. He then shocked me like I had never been before. He started touching me, almost as if caressing me. It freaked me out. I moved, but when I did I brushed over his crotch, and felt how monstrous and hard he was. I immediately tensed up, and realized how fast my heart was beating, and what was going on.

I put my hand back on his cock and felt him through his pants, it was enormous, and I was the reason. Not wanting to disappoint him, I slowly pulled him out of his pants and started exploring him with my hand, my back still to him. At this point I was shaking because I had no idea what I was doing nor have I seen it... yet... I turned over and faced him, and he guided me down to his waist with his hands and stuck it in front of my face. I tasted him very slowly, opening my mouth has best I could to fit him in. He like it and I began feeling proud that I was pleasing him and took more of him in my mouth. He was a good ten inches.

After a while of this, he got me out of my pjs, and I ended up on top of him, in the 69 position. I sucked him the best I could as he started playing with my ass. I had never felt a tongue all over my hole before and it was amazing. He knew what he was doing and he fucked my ass with his tongue for so long as I moaned while sucking him. My hands played with his balls as he kept tonguing my ass and I obediently bobbed my head up and down on his cock. I started really enjoying it.

I surprised both of us, and turned around and tried to sit on his cock. Slowly but surely, I eased his head in my ass. It hurt but I wanted more. I wanted to please him. When I took his cock inside me for the first time, I felt so filled. I was shaking rigorously which made him feel good, and so I started playing with his balls while I rode him. I couldn't believe how good it felt. I shook my hips quickly like my girl would do, and I was so proud. He said he wanted my virginity and this was his plan all along, and me having no idea turned him on. Moaning with him inside me, shaking, and feeling his pulse through his cock, I said my ass is yours. He came very heavily. I could feel every time he squirted. It felt like he was in my stomach.

He pulled out and I immediately started sucking him. I wanted to continue pleasing him. I sucked him for a good ten minutes before he got me into doggie and plunged me as deep as he could. I couldn't stop gasping loudly every time he rammed me. His balls slapped up against mine and he muffled my yells with his hand, and kept pumping. He said I was his bitch now and slapped my ass. All I could moan was yes over and over. He pounded me so hard that I would have flown across the room had he not had a hold of my neck and face. He pulled out and squirted all over my face. It was warm, and made my face and lips tingle. I was covered in it, and I went back to sucking him.

By this time I was so open, he could do whatever he wanted with me. I went on my back and he shoved his meaty cock in me missionary. He got very deep every thrust. I moaned very loudly, and he kept muffling me. It wasn't until he came for a third time, that I realized I wanted to be the best he's ever had, and I was willing to do anything for that. I sucked him clean again and this time he really fucked my face. Twenty minutes of this and he said he would reward me. He came and filled my mouth so quickly with his cum, I gagged on it. I swallowed most of it and coughed up the rest. He told me to go get cleaned up and I did.

For a year, I was to wait on him, every time he came over, I was to serve him. He taught me how to please a man, and showed me how great it was. I craved him at all times. It was crazy because I still loved to dominate women, but he showed me how good it was to be dominated as well. To this day I still think of G, eight years later.