 I was just your average freshman in college. I was trying to get pussy, beer, and smoke weed. I ended up getting fucked in my pussy. That's what master tells me to call it at least. I didn't think I was going to get fucked, just do the fucking.

First let me tell you about myself, I'm eighteen, a freshmen in college, have a smoking hot girlfriend, I'm fairly tall, and I have your average white cock. So, in other words, I'm not that hung. Only about four inches. I have red hair, freckles, and pale skin. My girlfriend is just the first girl I smoked weed with here. She started to sell it to me, then we started to date.

Her name is Natalie, she's about five foot, with perky b cup tits, and a big ass for someone her size. When I first met her, I thought I was gonna get to fuck her, but she insisted on waiting. The most we've done was I fingered her and got a handjob. We have not done anything since though. 

We were talking one night while we were high as balls. She and I were making out and she asked me a question.

"Why do you have a couple pairs of panties in your dresser, Chris?" 

I was shocked, I thought I had hidden them well enough. "Uhm, no reason, Nat. Don't worry about it." 

"Baby, I think I've got an idea why you have them.." Natalie trailed off.

"Why's that, hun?" I asked, assuming she was flirting. 

"Well, while I was home over Fall break and we were video chatting. You thought you turned your webcam off, but you didn't. I saw you slip your pretty little pink panties on," Natalie said with a giggle.

I didn't know what to say so I just looked away. "You know it was the only time you got me wet. Seeing you wearing those slutty little panties and fingering your tight ass." Natalie whispered into my ear. 

"Great, so you're breaking up with me then? Because I like to wear panties sometimes?" I said, pissed off.

"No, baby, I just want to know why? You know I also saw all the Mandingo anal porn on your laptop. Do you wanna dress like a girl and get fucked?" Natalie said with a sly grin.

My face flushed as I felt the blood rush to it. My high was completely gone and I just wanted to get this conversation over with. "Fuck no. I like pussy not dick, you should know that Natalie."

"Okay, Chris that's all I was wondering, I believe you. Are we still going to that party on 21st street tomorrow?" Natalie asked.

"Yeah, I guess. Who was it that invited you?" I got up and grabbed a longneck out of the fridge. 

"Hailey, that girl in Zeta. You know the one I'm talking about?" Natalie replied.

"Yeah, we had a mixer with them last week. I remember meeting her, she bailed early to go fuck some black guy along with a couple of her sisters. I know who it is though. You sell her weed or something?" 

"I sell it to her boyfriend. I've smoked with her before though." Natalie took a sip of her vodka.

"Okay, cool. Shit, it's fucking two. You need to head on, baby. I've got a test tomorrow at ten." I gave her a kiss as she left for her dorm. I fell on the bed after finishing my beer and passed out. 

The next night after acing my test in Bio, I went over to Natalie's dorm to pick her up. As I got on the elevator, my phone started to ring. I looked at the ID. 

I answered the phone, "Hey, Nat. I'm actually just about to be to your room. What do you need?"

"Hey, Chris, I was just going to tell you, I'm already at the party. Just come over when you get ready. Okay? Bye, love you."

"Love you, too. Bye, babe." I said and got back on the elevator before I left. I caught the bus to the other side of town. When I got to the address I realized that this was not the best part of town. I was in the ghetto. I just walked to the door and saw a bunch of black guys. In stark contrast there was a bunch of teenage white girls, asian girls, and latinas. I realized what kind of party this was as I walked in. Natalie ran up to me and started chattering, but I couldn't hear shit over the rap music.

Suddenly, Natalie grabbed my arm and led me into a back room. In the room was Hailey and three black guys smoking weed. I introduced myself and learned that two were on the football team and the third is the guy that supplies Nat with the weed. 

After a couple of minutes of smoking I saw Natalie's hand on Marcus, the drug dealer's, dick. Also saw Hailey with each hand on both football players' cocks. Natalie looked at me, "Hey, Chris. Marcus said he wanted to talk to you for a second. He plays nice pinky promise." She giggled as Marcus got up. I went down the hall with him and into a room. I heard somebody screaming from an orgasm next door.

"So, Marcus, what do you need man?" I asked as he sat on the bed. 

"I need a blowjob," he said forcefully. 

"Dude, I'm not gay," I said and backed away.

He got up and undid his pants. His big black cock flopped out as his pants fell. It was at least as big as mine was hard, and he was completely soft. "Look, boy, Natalie told me what you were into. Plus, I mean if you don't I've always got her. Yeah, she told me y'all don't fuck, but I fuck her every day. I even fuck her ass. All I want from you is a blowjob. It's not tough. My cock goes in your mouth and you suck til I cum." Marcus said as he put his strong hand on my head.

I got on my knees and his big black cock was just staring at me. "Put your hand around it, Chris." I wrapped my left hand around his thick shaft. It felt so heavy as I started to run my hand up and down. I spit in my right hand and put it on his shaft as I started stroking quickly. His cock got fully hard and stood at least eight and a half inches. Twice the length of mine when hard.

"Now, lick it Chris. Be my cocksucker." He put his hand on the back of my head and I started to lean forward. I was fixing to have the head in my mouth when the door opened. 

"Come on, you guys. No one's in here," I heard Hailey's voice and turned around. She spotted me with my hand around a big black cock and started laughing.

"What a fucking faggot!" She laughed. I got off of my knees and ran out of the party. My face was extremely red.

I got back to my room and just ignored all of the phone calls and text messages. The next morning I got up and checked my phone to see a video message from Natalie. I opened it and saw her bobbing up and down on Marcus's big cock. At the end she let it fall out and said,"This could be you." She put it right back in as the video ended. 

I got a text message after I closed it. It read 'Hey, Chris. This is Marcus. Call me when you want some more time with my cock.'

* * * *

I tried to get some sleep the next night, but just stayed up. So, doing the usual ritual, I got on the internet and started looking up porn. Instead of looking up my usual porn, I decided to try out interracial. Eventually, I started looking up Mandingo and small teen girls. I found a super hot video. It had Mandingo getting blown by a small teen girl and eventually fucking her ass. I started stroking my cock when just as I was about to cum my phone vibrated. I stopped for a second and paused the video. 

I picked up my phone and saw that it was Marcus. Instead of just letting it ring I answered. 

"Hey, bitch," he said in his deep voice.

"Dude, stop calling and texting me. I don't want to blow you," I snapped on the phone. 

"You weren't thinking that way last night. You were on your knees fixing to be all over my big black cock. Now tell me that that doesn't excite you at all," Marcus said in his commanding voice.

I didn't answer so he started again, "Now, if you want to play with my fat black cock tonight just tell me your room number. I've got a nice fat load built up and it's either yours or Natalie."

So, not wanting him to fuck my girlfriend again, I told him my room number. 

"Good faggot," he replied, "now, leave the door unlocked and be waiting in a pair of pink panties. I'll be there in fifteen minutes." 

As soon as he hung up I sprung into action. I jumped out of my chair and half sprinted to my dresser. I pulled out my sluttiest pair of pink panties and pulled them on over my hard five inch cock. I turned on some rap music and got myself situated on the bed waiting for him. 

Finally, the door opened up and Marcus strode in. He was wearing a white t-shirt and a pair of sagging jeans along with his Air Jordans. He said, "Come here, faggot." I got up and walked over to him.

"Why the fuck you still standing, bitch? On them fucking knees," he nearly yelled. 

Like a good slut I just got on my knees and waited. He pulled his cock out of his sagging jeans and just stuck it in my face. "Get to work, slut."

I wrapped my left hand around it and took the head into my mouth. I began to bob up and down on his still soft cock. Eventually after a few minutes of sucking his thick cock, he was finally fully hard. I heard him moan as I came up for air. I started to jerk his cock with my left hand. I licked the head of his dick a couple of times before diving back in.

"That's a good slut," he moaned. I started bobbing even faster in response. Marcus grabbed the back of my head and started thrusting his cock in. He was fucking my mouth like a pussy, and despite the gagging, I could care less. 

My cock was hard as could be, and there was a little stain on the front of my panties from the precum. Eventually he stopped face fucking me, and I went back to blowing him. I realized that I was getting it about halfway in my mouth most of the time. I decided to try taking him all the way. I tried as hard as I could, but at best could get seven of his nine inches in my mouth. 

He pulled his cock out and I leaned forward not wanting to lose it. 'It's sooooo juicy,' I thought. "Get ready, cocksucker," Marcus said as the first rope launched out of his flaring cock head. Six more ropes followed, covering my face. 

"Good girl," he said to me. "Natalie will be so proud. Especially after she sees this." I realized he had had his phone out ever since he stopped facefucking me. I saw the flash of his camera. 

"The picture is only for me, her, and whoever she shows it to. Besides, she's already got a two minute video of you sucking my big black cock," he laughed. "Good job, though. With a little more practice you'll be as good as Natalie. I'll leave your boy pussy alone tonight. That's for tomorrow." 

He pulled his pants back up and walked out the door. "See you around faggot."