 This is a story about what my first time might be like.

I'm a married guy.. 27 and very bi-curious. I had a few experiences as a kid, but nothing remotely recent. That's probably why I have such an urge to do it again. My favorite stories are the first time male male sucking stories. Please let me know what you think as this is my first attempt.

He arrived at the airport that morning and called me from the hotel. Being that I work 10 minutes from the airport, I could easily drive over there on my lunch break. Work is pretty laid back by me, so I planned to make it an extended lunch break. I got in my car and headed out, butterflies in my stomach.. I was obviously nervous but very excited at the same time. We had met over the Internet through a male male site and became pretty good friends, although we never met in person. Like me he was married but bi-curious. He was flying in for a conference and we made plans to hook up. He would be in town for a few days, so I was hoping that if this first time worked out, we could do it again. 

I pulled up to the hotel and parked. My nerves were increasing as I walked through the lobby and into the elevator. "Relax" I told myself. In a few minutes you'll be fulfilling your fantasy and happier than ever. 

I stepped out of the elevator and headed down the hall. 4B...4C...4D...4E... here we are... deep breath. I knock on the door and a few seconds later the door opens and there stands Jay. I'd seen pictures of him as we had exchanged pictures over the net but seeing someone in person is obviously a lot different. He was pretty average looking... in good shape… about my height (5’5”). "Hey, you gonna come in or what?” he said with a laugh. I broke out in a laugh myself and was thankful for it. It kinda broke the ice and I relaxed almost immediately. "Well maybe if you moved your cock outta the way I could", I said back in almost a whisper... this was a hotel after all and I didn't want anyone hearing that. Jay laughed back and finally moved and I walked in.

Right away I noticed he had already made some preparations. There were 2 towels laid out by the open shower door and a towel on the floor in front of it. We had discussed the idea of showering beforehand and I felt my cock twitch now for the first time in anticipation. I also noticed the bed was stripped down to just the sheets... again my cock twitched. We sat at the little table in the corner of the room and made some small talk over come drinks he had prepared. Eventually Jay asked if I wanted to shower. Being that I'm more passive, I welcomed his assertiveness. 

He stood up from the table and started to strip. I sat there watching… my eyes immediately drawn to his cock, which was almost fully erect… he was obviously excited as well. It was quite a sight... I judged it to be about 7 inches long and almost 2 inches thick with a nice large crown and protruding veins along the shaft. 

"Hey... you gonna come or what?"... I came out of my daze...or should I say gaze. 

"Well maybe if you moved your cock outta the way I could"... we both started laughing again and with that I stood and removed all my clothes. I could tell he was eyeing my stiff cock now. I'm just under 6 inches and about 1 1/2 across... This is gonna be fun I thought to myself. I looked up and saw a smirk on his face... he must be thinking the same.

We headed to the bathroom and Jay started the shower and we both went in. It was a very roomy shower with a little seat off to the side. Luckily Jay made the first move… grabbing the soap and lathering his hands up; he then started to soap up my chest. To my surprise, it felt really good in an erotic way. He soaped up my arms and then went back to my chest… his hands now slowly moving down... across my stomach... my abdomen... his fingers moving into my pubic hair. I was loving every second of it… his hand moving down even more… his fingers wrapping around my cock at the base and then slowly moving towards the head. He started stroking my cock now and I decided I wanted to be doing the same. 

I reached out and held his cock… feeling a mans cock for the first time... what a feeling. I loved the way it felt in my hand… hard but yet very soft and silky. I moved my hands up and down… wanting to feel it all. I reached further down and felt his balls too… Jay let out a moan. I grabbed the soap and lathered up my hands and began to soap him down. We spent a while running our hands over each other… exploring… massaging… stroking. We were both pretty close to cumming so we quickly rinsed off and then stepped out to dry off. I kept reaching out to hold his cock… not able to wait till we got to the bed. "You'll get your turn… frisky" Jay laughed.

Jay led the way to the bed and lay down. We talked about doing a 69 and so right away I got into position… both of us lying on our sides. I grabbed his cock again... this time being able to see it up close… my mouth watering. Jay already had my cock in his mouth and was sucking slowly… This time it was me that let out a moan. 

"Damn that feels good Jay"... I stuck out my tongue and licked the head of his now very hard cock… swirling it around and then running my tongue all the way down and then back up. And then I opened wide and put his meat in my mouth and started sucking. Each time I tried taking more in… loving the way it filled my mouth... flicking my tongue along the underside of his cock. 

We continued like that for a while until I started to feel the urge to cum approaching. We had talked about how we felt about swallowing cum and both agreed that since it was both our first time we'd just have to wait till the time came to decide. I slowed down my sucking… 

"Mmmm Jay… I'm about to cum...." He didn't flinch but just kept on sucking... I filled his mouth with my hot cum and he swallowed every drop ... my head spinning from the intensity but still keeping his cock in my mouth... 

"Ohhhh shit" I called out... "Jay… you are amazing..." He kept sucking till my cock softened and then let it out of his mouth. "Glad you enjoyed it" he said. 

I swung around and lay down in between his legs now to finish him off. I took his cock back in my mouth and sucked with fervor… wanted to taste his cum. Soon he was moaning like crazy and told me he was about to cum. I kept going and in seconds felt his cum fill my mouth. Didn't taste bad at all and so I downed it… sucking now to get the last of it. "Oh man that was good." Finally I let his cock out of my mouth and moved up to lie next to him.

We were both happy and talked about getting together again for some more fun. I realized that I had to get back to work, but sneaky Jay rolled on top of me and rubbed his cock into mine… both of us becoming hard again. I reached my hands around and grabbed his ass… pulling him into me more... grinding our cocks together.

"Hey, you leaving or what?" Jay asked.

"Well maybe if you moved your cock outta the way I could"

...To be continued