 A Help for Timid Young Gays

A homoerotic tale

*****

CHAPTER 1 

Serge had been fucking his partner, Chris's arse for several minutes with ever increasing amplitude and force, when he suddenly felt that magic something in his cock which was the intimation that the climactic moment, that incredible sensation when he would reach what had the makings of being his greatest orgasm ever, was almost upon him. So, wanting to make the best of what he had promised himself would be a unique experience for his partner, Chris, as well as for himself, he quickly withdrew his rock hard, 10 inch cock completely from his partner's anus, paused for a brief second before plunging it back into the waiting hole for the final time, in the hope that the two of them would manage to climax simultaneously. 

Wanting to give Chris the greatest possible sexual experience of his life, for this was no normal fuck as you will later learn, he thrust his rigid tool, with the greatest force he could muster, back through Chris's anal sphincter, so that his partner took the full length of this formidable tool in his fuck-hole. This was the nearest thing Serge could envisage to the two of them being as one for the brief moment of sexual ecstasy which he was trying to give to Chris; this was no ordinary occasion, for this was a very special birthday fuck for Chris, for which they had both been preparing themselves for the best part of ten days. 

As his cock settled to its full depth inside Chris, both Chris and he climaxed simultaneously with the greatest and longest orgasm either of them had ever previously experienced. Serge was fucking his partner in what is usually known as the Missionary Position, which is to say that Chris was flat on his back on a table with his legs apart and over Serge's shoulders, giving Serge absolute open access to his anus. Chris favoured this position above all others as it enabled his partner, Serge, to perform the most vigorous pounding possible and, as had just been the case, withdraw his cock entirely and then re-plunge it into the expectant anus with great force, which for Chris, was the hallmark of a great fuck. This position, where both guys were face to face, the one under the other, was also the most intimate of the commonly used positions, as both partners could see the other, a most appropriate position for the two guys were as close an item as two gay lovers could ever become. 

During the build-up to the climactic moment, Chris, whose own equipment left nothing to desire, by the way, had held his cock and balls upwards onto his belly, to give Serge the clearest passage for his pounding and as both studs now achieved orgasm simultaneously, Chris simultaneously pumped his own cream partly on to Serge's chest and partly onto himself, whilst Serge, with his cock still deep inside is partner, released his cum into Chris's hole. Chris and Serge were definitely an item and had lived, worked and fucked together for several years now and as such, when having sex together, never used condoms. So their cream from the present effort went everywhere; and there was a lot of it. 

As Serge had planned in the build up to this very special birthday sex session with Chris, the orgasms that each of them experienced were extraordinarily strong and sent both studs into paroxysm of delight, as sperm was ejaculated simultaneously in extraordinarily large amounts from their two cocks. The orgasms were not only intense, but were prolonged as each guy shot and shot and shot his cream again and again. It was as if a set of flood gates had been opened as each guy went on shooting wad after wad of real, thick creamy cum out of his cock as if it would never end. 

Finally, with Serge flat on his face against his partner, swimming in his cum, which was now sandwiched between them as they lay there, they both finally caught their breath and their heart rate slowed down to something approaching normal. They lay together, savouring the aftermath of what had been a remarkable experience for both of them, for not only had Serge had the greatest orgasm and cum flow of a lifetime, but so also had Chris, thanks to the extreme care and preparation which Serge had lavished on this very special fuck session. 

Chris now said. "That was the most incredible fuck you just gave me, Serge. My God, I have never ever experienced anything vaguely approaching it and I was the taker of the action, rather than the main performer. What the hell must it have felt like for you, as the guy who supplied all the cock action?" 

'Well," said Serge, "You're about to have the chance to find out for yourself, for I want us now to reverse roles and you to use your cock on me and I hope that we shall be able to achieve a repeat performance, both in quality and quantity as that which we have just had." 

Serge disengaged himself from his partner, wiped the bulk of Chris's cream off himself and then threw the towel to Chris so that he could do the same. Serge then positioned himself face down on the table with his feet on the floor and presented his buns to Chris, so that he could enter him from the rear. Chris, who was already hard, parted Serge's buns and gave his hole a good dose of lube form an injector pack, for fucking a dry hole is not a very comfortable experience, and then massaged a little of the lube onto his own tool and was ready to start. 

"Give it to me really hard from the first thrust." said Serge, "I want you to give me as hard a fuck as you can. Don't spare me. Use maximum stroke and maximum force. I just want you to give me the fuck of my lifetime; try to give me as much pain as you can; I really would like it to hurt.". 

So Chris, whose own cock was a ten inch, dead straight ramrod of good girth, plunged straight into his partner's anus, with no foreplay to ease the anal sphincter. Serge let out a cry of pain as Chris entered him, as requested, rather brutally, for the first time, but he then told Chris to go on in the same way. Normally, Chris would never have entered Serge so forcefully, without any preparation to ease the sphincter, as he, like Serge, was a considerate gentle lover with his partner, for let us be clear, Chris and Serge were true lovers and this was not just any old recreational fuck in which they were engaged. But as Serge had said he wanted it today just as hard as Chris could make it, he obliged his partner and used very long and firm cock strokes on Serge's hole, withdrawing completely several times during the session, before finally serving Serge with the full length of is rock hard tool and climaxing inside him. 

It was exactly the same sensation for the two friends as they had had the first time. Chris exploded with a gigantic orgasm, pumping his sperm into Serge and Serge climaxed simultaneously, bathing the table in his own cum. And once again, the orgasms were of unbelievable intensity and length and the quantities of cum ejected by the two young studs, quite phenomenal. 

"That was really something else again." said Chris, "And I hope it was the same for you as it was for me. Where the hell do we both get such loads from? I never thought I had so much in me to give!" 

"You can bet your bottom dollar that it was just as great for me now as it clearly was for you when I was serving you." replied Serge, "And now you see why I insisted on the pre-birthday preparation. It was precisely because I want to give you a very special treat on your birthday, by way of thanks for all that you have given me; and as you now can see, in spite of your grumbling in the run up to today, I was right and we have both had a uniquely enjoyable and intense experience, which, I venture to say, few others have ever had." 

'Hold on a minute," said Chris, "what have I ever given you? I don't remember anything special." 

"Well." said Serge, "When we first met and got together, you working in that bar and I in the body-building gym, we were both more or less penniless. And then, out of the blue, off you went to New York and came back two days later a multi-millionaire. Well, at that stage you could have dumped me and left me to make my own way, but you did not, and we are still together." 

"Well of course we are still together." replied Chris, "What the fuck did you expect me to do? Kick you out just because I had suddenly inherited my dead mother's fortune? Come on Serge, we were an item before I went to New York and learned about the money, and we are still are. The fact that I now happen, by chance, to have become rich, changes absolutely nothing, other than allowing us to lead a carefree life, where money doesn't matter as there is now just so much of it. I knew from the first time I met you in the bar, that we were meant for each other and you still are and will always remain my life's partner. Serge, surely you know by now that you are the love of my life and I could never think of parting from you. And I hope to God that you still feel the same way about me."

"I do" said Serge. And there the matter was laid to rest. 

CHAPTER 2 

"Well," said Chris, "that was surely a birthday for me to remember." 

"Naturally," said Serge, I told you that I would make your birthday a truly memorable occasion and in spite of all your grumbling over the past few days, you now see that I was right." 

"You may well have been right." replied Chris, "But I went through an agony of deprivation to the extent that I was beginning to feel signs of withdrawal symptoms coming on, to let you prove your point." 

"But I was right, wasn't I, in what I made us both go through? Said Serge, "It was all worth it, as you found out today, when I gave you the greatest fuck of your life. Come on, Chris admit it, you have never experienced sex like that in the session we have just had together. I know I had the two biggest orgasms I have ever had in my life and produced enough cum to float a battleship and I think you had the same. Come on Chris, just admit it!" 

"Well, it was quite something." said Chris. "When you first fucked me, you really did take me to heaven and back and I've never had such a glorious sensation in my life and it was the same when I gave you the return round; I again had an unimaginably intense orgasm, the likes of which I had never ever experienced until then. So, yes, I do admit it was worth it, but, boy, did you put me through an agonizing ten days before getting to the point. And where the hell did we both get all that cum from? And you know, now, just an hour later, I feel as fresh as a daisy and ready to go again." 

"Which you will have the chance to do, very shortly." said Serge rather laconically. 

So, what had Serge forced Chris - and himself for that matter - to do in preparation for this, the most sensational fuck ever? Well, it was dead simple. Serge had persuaded Chris that if they both abstained from sex with each other - or with anyone else, fo tat matter- for the ten days before Chris's birthday, and then released all their pent-up desires and frustrations caused by foregoing so much of their normal daily sex, they would both have the greatest experience ever, when they fucked each other for the first time after their self imposed 'moratorium'. Serge had thought that they would be able to have the most perfect and astounding act of copulation together, as they each of them in turn released his pent-up desire and frustration upon his partner, in what was destined to be a monumentally vigorous fuck session. 

And that is, of course, precisely what had happened. Both Chris and Serge were so up-tight with pent-up desire, that when the day came, both of them went at it like hammer and tongs. And as many of you will know from your one experience, if one does not have sex for several days, then the quantity of cum produced increases enormously. Chris and Serge shot unbelievably large wads of sperm as they climaxed. 

"What do you mean when you say that I will have the chance to do very shortly?" asked Chris. 

"Well." said Serge, "Tere is a good old American saying which goes, 'nothing succeeds like excess' and so I thought we might prolong the festivities a bit, by inviting a couple of our favourite guys up here to give us more scope for 'experimentation and imagination'. Of course, if you feel that you are not up to it after what we have just gone through together, then I can call it off and we can just go out and eat, but I thought, if you were still capable of getting it up, (and here, of course, Serge, was very gently needling his friend) we might 'commune' with Sven and Liam, whom I have invited to come up here to join us in our apartment." 

"What the hell do you mean, 'if I am not up to it'." Retorted Chris, clearly piqued by the implication. "I'm absolutely up to anything you can throw at me. I've just told you that I felt as fresh as a daisy! So you can just sod off you fucking freak, if that is what you think!" 

At this, Serge burst out laughing and said. "Calm down Chris, I was just teasing you. Here is what I thought we might do together with Sven and Liam, who are both up for what I have in mind. And don't second guess me, as I have already told them what I thought we could all do together before we all all four go out to dinner later, for tonight is one time when I am not acting as cook; I have already booked the place and ordered the champagne to be on ice. So let's get on with it!"

But at this stage, before I tell you what Serge had in mind for his partner Chris and their friends, Sven and Liam, I had better sketch in a little of the background to this tale, which although a "stand alone story' involves characters, settings and situations, from earlier stories. So to bring new readers up to speed, so to speak, herewith the background to Chris, Serge, Sven and Liam and the place in which the find themselves. 

CHAPTER 3 

Chris is Chris Newman, the twenty three year old gay son of a wealthy New York banker. He dropped out of a small college in upstate California and, not wanting to join his father's bank, found himself a job in a bar in San Francisco. There he met his present partner and love of his life, Serge (Serge Wolinski), who was at then working in a body building gym. He and Chris clicked at first sight, as both were totally gay young men, and they soon moved in together. Chris had been a keen gymnast at school, had a fine physique and big cock and he and Serge were soon an inseparable item. They both loved sex and indulged themselves with each other very frequently. It was an even partnership as both guys like to fuck and be fucked, so things worked out very well for them. It was, for both of them, a union made in heaven; it was the perfect love match between tow gay young studs; they were the loves of each other's lives and lived together as equals; they were, to use the 'in expression', an item! 

When he first left school aged eighteen, in spite of his physique and great sex equipment, Chris had been a very timid virgin. However, his father, a very understanding and far sighted man, had arranged for Chris to be shown the gay sexual ropes by Simon and Sebastian (Simon Watson and Sebastian Watson' same surname, but unrelated) a couple of top level Male Escorts whom he occasionally used to meet his own sexual needs, a fact even now, unbeknown to his son, Chris. He sent the three of them off to his condo. in Palm Beach where Simon and Sebastian gave Chris a baptism of fire into gay sex, which Chris promptly took to like a duck to water and within the week, became an ardent and highly accomplished copulator and has, since that time, never stopped fucking. 

Chris and Serge started their life together in a small apartment in San Francisco. Neither of them had much cash, or earned much, but they were happy together and Chris never asked his father for any cash. They both earned a bit on the side, by servicing the odd guy who wanted a dose of anal sex from a young stud. So life for them was agreeable and totally satisfactory. 

However, fate then intervened out of the blue, when Chris learned from a New York law firm that he was the sole beneficiary of his long dead mother's estate, about which he had known nothing until the lawyers contacted him to tell him of his good fortune. So overnight, Chris became a multimillionaire worth some $110 million. 

As both he and Serge were keenly interested in bodybuilding and athletic related activities, Chris bought a large building in San Francisco, and set up and opened the first naked body building facility in the city. It was a great success, as in addition to bodybuilding it also offered hands-on cock training courses, which were in huge demand as many young studs wanted desperately to improve their cock size and sexual potency. Chris and Serge lived together in a large and luxurious apartment directly above the gym. 

Sven, (Sven Bergson) and Liam (William Gallagher) were two assistants from a total of some 18 young studs in all, who worked as NBAs (Naked Bodybuilding Assistants) in the gym, under the direction of Cedric (Cedric Smithers ) who was the chief cock-trainer and general factotum of the gym. Sven, whom Chris had appointed as Head NBA and Liam were the best of the NBAs and both of them were handsome, muscular young guys, with whom Chris and Serge occasionally teamed up with for a foursome fuck-fest. Sven, aged twenty two, had been voted the 'fuck of the month' by the clients of the gym for the last four consecutive months; he was a really hot guy and young Liam, aged just twenty, a newer recruit, was no slouch either. Sven and Liam had become close friends and were almost inseparable in their free time. It looked as though they too were also heading to becoming an item. 

So there you have it. The dramatis personae for the immediate tale are Chris and Serge, coupled with Sven and Liam. The action all takes place in Chris's gym, which is called RingBoys Gym as Chris insisted on all his staff, who, when on duty are at all times totally naked in the gym, wear a triple cock ring. It was the house insignia of the gym and went over well with the clients, many of whom adopted it themselves as it pulled their cock and balls together and made them look better. It is, in fact, a very handsome piece of cock jewellery and truly embellishes any guy with a good sized cock and tightly held balls,

CHAPTER 4 

So, returning now to what Serge had in mind for Chris to round off his birthday celebrations, he called down to the gym and asked Sven and Liam, who were waiting to be invited, to come up the apartment above the gym itself. What Serge had in mind as a climax to Chris's birthday was that he himself, Sven and Liam would provide a small private fuck-fest for Chris, to end the birthday with a bang. Chris himself had no idea what Serge had planned and was told to go and get himself a drink while they prepared themselves ready for the 'event'. 

The three protagonists or supplicants to this event, took themselves off into what Chris called 'the games room'. This was a room in their very large apartment which Chris had fitted out with all kinds of gym equipment including a number of padded tables, which he had had made specially to make anal sex more comfortable for the two participants. As Chris had told Serge, sex was terrific and he could no more go without indulging in it on a regular basis than fly to the moon, but what awkward and uncomfortable positions the participants had to adopt in order to access each other. 

So Chris had had made a number of padded tables, which were comfortable for the guy about to be fucked. The end of the table was adjustable in height, so that the 'fuckee', flat on his back, could raise his arsehole to be in perfect perfect alignments with his partner's cock. The overall height of the table could then be raised so that the fucker could stand comfortably with his partner's legs over his shoulders and have perfect access to the target anus. It had proved a wonderful adjunct to sex in the mission position and as Chris observed, sex was great so why not try to make it comfortable as well. 
