 I rinsed off the car, smiling when the bright red finish gleamed in the late afternoon sunshine. The new car wax I'd bought was supposed to make it look like that all the time. It was expensive enough. Then again, so was the car I'd received for graduation.

"Hey, Joey," the voice calling my name drew my attention to the end of the driveway where a neighbor was walking toward me.

"Hi, Mr. Dillon," I said, my smile growing wider. Mr. Dillon and I have a special friendship that we just discovered this past summer. It's a relationship no one knows anything about.

"What's up?" he asked, coming to stand close beside me.

"Washing my car," I said with a shrug.

"Parents home?" he asked.

I shook my head. "Not for a couple of hours."

"Really," he said and winked.

"Let's go inside," I said, getting that nervous, excited feeling I get when he's around.

This time was a little different, though. He had asked me to think about something the last time we were together. It was all I'd been able to think about. And the idea was so exciting I knew I was going to want my first time to be with him.

"Remember what we talked about last time?" he asked as I led the way inside. His hand was already sliding downward, fingertips slipping under the waistband of my shorts. My cock stirred at his touch just like it always did.

"I do," I answered, my hands shaking a little as I locked the door behind us.

"And you thought about it?" he asked, his voice soft now, coaxing.

"I have," I turned to face him. 

Just being this close to the sexy, older man had me half hard and growing quickly, but I was new to this and still a bit timid. He ran his hands up my smooth chest and then pulled me close. We kissed, long and deep, our soft moans of pleasure filling the kitchen. When he reached between us and discovered my excitement, he made a soft sound of pleasure.

"You have been thinking about it," he said with a teasing grin.

His hand was inside my shorts now, his fingers curled around my rod stroking me with that rough and yet gentle touch that thrilled me from the beginning. Hard to imagine I was a virgin up until a few weeks ago. 

Mr. Dillon kissed my mouth one last time, licked his way down my neck and ended up with his hot tongue circling my nipple. At the same time, he pushed my shorts down and continued pumping me slowly with one hand, fondling my balls with the other. He went to his knees on the floor at my feet and gazed hungrily at my fully erect cock. 

At first I thought I was going to have to ask him to lick me like I had a few times before. But not this time. Quivering with pleasure, I watched as he opened his mouth wide and took me inside, sucking gently and teasing me with his tongue.

"Fuck yeah," I whispered.

Placing one hand on his head, I fucked his mouth the way he taught me. Just when I thought I couldn't stand his hot, sucking mouth and those warm hands on my balls for another second, he freed me with a wet slurp.

"What did you decide?" he asked, sliding his fingers up and down my spit slick prong.

For a minute I didn't understand. Then I remembered. "Yeah, I'd like to try it."

He smiled, stood up and began unbuckling his belt. "You won't be sorry," he promised. "And it's something I really, really need right now."

He pushed his clothing down out of the way and his big dick leaped free, jutting proudly toward the ceiling. I reached for it, itching to feel his hot skin throbbing against my fingers. I was not disappointed and he humped my hand for a few moments.

"This will make it feel even better," he said, dangling a tube of lubrication in front of me.

Without another word, he turned and headed toward the carpeted living room. By the time we were on the floor, both of us were naked from the waist down. Mr. Dillon was on his back, his legs spread wide. His cock looked twice as big as before. I knelt on the floor and opened the tube. My hands were shaking again.

"Tongue first," Mr. Dillon grunted, pulling his legs up high and wide.

I licked my way down his cock and across his balls. The quick intake of breath I heard when the tip of my tongue slithered into the puckered little hole between his cheeks let me know I was doing this right. I continued to lick and tongue his asshole until it was shiny wet.

"Grease it up," he grunted.

I squirted the clear gel onto my fingers. Then I smeared it up and down his crack, dipping a single finger into his tight little hole. Again he gasped and squeezed his dick hard with one hand.

"Grease your cock," Mr. Dillon grunted as I continued pushing the lube into his asshole.

Again, I followed instructions, eager to fuck him now. When my dick was gleaming wetly in the darkened room, I moved up close. Mr. Dillon spread his cheeks with both hands, offering himself to me. Following my instincts now, I pressed the swollen knob of my dick against his puckered hole and thrust forward. For a few seconds, nothing happened. I applied steady pressure. And suddenly his tight little hole opened up and sucked my dick right inside.

"Oh, God!" I groaned as my cock slid into the tightest, hottest hole you could imagine.

"Don't stop," he groaned, his voice hoarse. "Give me all of that dick."

I wasn't about to stop. In fact, all I wanted to do was fuck him, harder and deeper. Without being told, I began a steady thrusting that had me ball deep in his ass pretty quickly. Looking down, I realized he was jacking off while I fucked him, his ass sucking hard on my dick. 

Our guttural grunts filled the room and the come was already simmering just below the head of my dick. I knew I was going to blow any minute. His muscles massaged my length as if they had a mind of their own, and the heat that simmered between us was coming to a full boil. Before I could even think that far, Mr. Dillon howled and his dick exploded, shooting his thick, white load all over his chest and belly. His ass clamped down on my dick and that set me off. With a roar, I pumped what felt like a gallon of spunk into Mr. Dillon's ass.

When it was over, Mr. Dillon grinned at me. "Not bad for your first time. Not bad at all."