 Bob and I had worked together for a number of years. Between the work assignments, meetings, road trips, and the company sponsored social events, we became good friends. We had a number of things, other than work, in common. We both liked to barbecue. I’d had Bob and Bea, his wife, over numerous times for cookouts and I’d spent many afternoons at their home. Bob was so into barbecue, especially slow smoking meat, that he usually had a smoker going almost every weekend regardless of the weather. We also shared an interest in fly fishing and photography.

Once or twice a week, we stopped for a beer or two after work. Then Bob’s wife died suddenly and, understandably, he changed. His enthusiasm for the job waned and he began talking about retiring. The beers after work became more than a couple at times. Bob talked about how he and his wife had worked and saved so they could retire together and do a lot of things like traveling, sitting on beaches, visiting new places, and just being lazy and now at sixty, he didn’t have a companion with whom to do all that.

One day at a meeting, Bob announced that he was retiring immediately. He had too many things that he wanted to do and it was time to do them. Over the next few months, I’d call him and we’d meet sometimes for lunch and sometimes for the beer or two after work. And we continued sharing our interests and hobbies.

I got to thinking that I had things that I wanted to do also. Bob said he was enjoying being retired. He missed his late wife, but all in all, he was happy and busy. He just didn’t want to travel as they had planned. I was divorced so not having a constant companion was not a big deal for me. I was a couple of years older that Bob. I made the decision to retire.

I didn’t want to have time on my hands so I got busy from the first day. I took a class in fly tying and I started going to a public recreation center among other things. Bob and I continued with the afternoon beers and the weekend barbecues.

We always met at the same place. As regulars we got to know everyone who worked there and so we chatted with and kidded all the staff. One waitress, Jan, was always nice - smiling, friendly, efficient - and she became our favorite. The fact that she was a good looking woman with a figure that generously filled the tight t-shirt and short shorts uniform she had to wear didn’t hurt.

She kidded us about the how we should get girl friends and stop wasting our time and money in a bar and we kidded her about how she had so many boy friends that we didn’t have a chance. One afternoon Bob and I were nursing a beer and chatting with Jan. She mentioned that she was really tired. Her dog had gotten sick during the night and she’d taken it to an emergency vet clinic.

As she walked away to take an order, Bob commented, “She sure is a cutie. Too bad she’s not nearer my age.”

“Yeah, Jan’s a sweetheart. I wonder how old she is?”

“Oh, I’d say late thirties, maybe early forties.”

“You’re probably right, Bob, but if she gets too tired and really needs to sit down, she can sit on my face.”

Bob looked at me, “Ross, you rascal. I didn’t know you thought that way. But I’d fight you for that privilege.”

I grinned at him, “I’m a muff diver from way back.”

Bob looked wistful, “Yeah, I really enjoyed dining at the Y with Bea.”

“I know what you mean. I like giving head almost as much as screwing. My ex would really get turned on when I munched her muff. I’d lay on my back, she’d get on her knees and straddle my shoulders and I’d go to work on her pussy.”

“Sounds like fun.”

“Yeah, I could play with her tits and ass while I ate her.”

“She return the favor?”

“Nah. That was one of our many problems. She’d lean back and jerk my dick or she’d play with her tits when I wasn’t playing with them, but she wouldn’t go down on me.”

“Too bad.”

“Yeah, I really enjoyed eating her box and she enjoyed it too, but she said nice girls didn’t suck dick.”

Bob shook his head as he sipped his beer, “Bummer.”

“Yeah, bummer.” We nursed our beers in silence.

“Have you ever thought about what it would be like to go down on another guy?”

That got my attention. “What?”

Bob leaned towards me, “Have you ever thought about giving another guy some head?”

I sipped my beer. After a pause, I’d looked at Bob, “Yeah, actually I’ve wondered what it would be like to suck dick.”

“Me too.”  Bob slowly shook his head, “Bea said it gave her a feeling of power and control when she blew me.” He grinned, “Of course, I’d do most anything and follow her most anywhere for one of her patented blowjobs.”

We finished our beers in silence. Jan asked if we wanted another round. 

“No, thanks, Jan. As much as I hate to, I’ve got to be going.”

She picked up the empty mugs and wiped the table. As she walked away, Bob followed her with his gaze, “You know, Ross, she has a really nice looking ass on her.”

“You’re becoming a dirty old man.”

“Yeah, I know.” Bob stood, “Take care, buddy.” I laid a generous tip on the table and followed him out of the bar.

Later, I thought about Bob’s question. I finally decided that it was idle beer talk.

We met a couple of times for beers after that. Bob talked about upgrading his hot tub and doing some improvements on the deck. “Bea and I really had some good times in that old wooden hot tub, but it is becoming a maintenance hog so I’m going to replace it.

“Would you like some help?”

“Sure. Thanks. I’ll put a pork loin in the smoker and a case of brews in the cooler.”

So the next morning I was helping Bob remove the old hot tub. As the morning progressed it got warmer and we removed our shirts. We made casual conversation as we worked. After draining the hot tub and disconnecting the electrical wiring and the plumbing we took a break. We popped the top on a couple of brews and sat down on the deck.

“You’ve been working out.” Bob looked at me. We were both shirtless, wearing just shorts and running shoes.

“Yeah, there’s a recreation center about a mile or so from my place. I jog over and back two or three mornings a week. While I’m there I work out a little with some free weights and I swim some laps.”

“Well, it shows. Your lookin’ good.”

“Thanks.“ I looked at Bob. He had a wide chest that was covered with a mat of curly salt and pepper hair. I had never really noticed muscular he was. “It looks like you work out too.”

“I go to a gym several nights a week. I don’t like staying in this empty house. ‘Guess we ought to get back to work.”

We finished our beers and began to dismantle the old hot tub. It was sweaty dirty work but after a couple of hours, we had it broken down and the pieces stacked for disposal. We cleaned and checked the deck where it had been sitting. It was o.k.

“The new tub is in the garage. I’ve got the place where it’s going in ready.” Bob indicated a sheltered corner of the deck. I followed him into the garage. There was a large container standing on edge on a dolly. Bob opened the garage door and we maneuvered the container out of the garage, through a gate, across the backyard and onto the deck.

“That calls for another brew.” We popped the tops of a couple of beers. I started to take the container apart as Bob checked the smoker. We got the new hot tub, which was actually a spa that had a couple of dozen jets and looked like it seated six or eight persons, out of the packaging. and moved into place.

“It looks like you’re planning to party.”

“If the opportunity presents itself, I will, I guess. Bea always wanted a spa with a place to recline built in.”

“I see this one has two recliners and it looks like seats for six other people.”

“More like seats for four more people.” Bob grinned, “I might have a party or two, but I’m not planning on having any orgies with eight people. I sorta’ hate to see the old tub go. Bea and I had some good times in it.”

“I’ll bet.”

Bob laughed, “Yes we had a lot of good times. Bea would have me stand up and lean against the side of the tub. She’d use her hands to direct bubbles from a jet against my balls while she gave me a blowjob. I’d have her stand up, bend over and brace her arms against the side of the tub. I’d screw her from behind while she hung her tits down in the stream of bubbles from a jet. I don’t know how many times I went down on her out here. Gawd, we had some great sex in and around the old tub!” Bob looked embarrassed, “Back to work.”

We slid the spa into place and leveled it. After hooking up the electrical and plumbing, we cleaned it and then filled it with water and tested the pumps and lights. Bob added the chemicals and turned on the heater. We put the cover on it and then began to assemble the surrounding deck and steps and handrails.

It took the rest of the afternoon to get everything assembled and cleaned up. When we finished, Bob decided the pork loin was properly smoked. He went inside and put on some french fries and some baked beans. We had a couple more beers with the meal.

“That was delicious. I hate to eat and run, but I suppose I should be getting along.”

“Thanks for all you help, Ross. You’ll have to come over for the dedication. Too bad the water hasn’t warmed up.”

“That’s o.k.” I picked up my t-shirt.

“Say, would you like to shower and clean up before you leave?”

“That would be nice, but I didn’t bring any clean clothes.”

“We’re about the same size. I can lend you some of mine. Let me show you where the shower is.” I followed him inside and down the basement stairs. In one corner of the basement was a darkroom and a bathroom. The rest of the basement was fitted up as hobby center. “Here’s the shower. I’ll get you some clean clothes.”

“O.k., thanks.” I stripped and stepped into the shower. It was a large walk-in with shower heads on three sides. I closed the door and turned on one head. I was lathering myself when the door opened and Bob stepped in.

“I hope you don’t mind, but I figured I’d shower too.”

“Oh. It’s o.k., I guess.  This pretty nice.”

“Bea and I liked it. Funny, how a lot of our fun involved showers, hot tubs and water.”

We soaped and lathered ourselves in silence.

“Remember our conversation in the bar?”

“About Jan? Yes.”

“I was thinking about how you talked about oral sex with your ex.”

“What about it?”

“Well, remember I mentioned that I wondered what it would be like to go down on a guy.”

“Sure.”

Bob looked a little flustered, “Oh, hell! What I’m asking, Ross, is may I suck your cock?”

I looked at him, “Well, I don’t know, I wonder . . .”

“Oh, hell! I’m sorry. Forget it. It was stupid of me. I shouldn’t have even brought it up.”

I grinned at him, “Bob, what I was wondering is - will you still respect me in the morning?”

Bob laughed, “Wash your back, sailor?”

I laughed too, “Sure.”

I turned my back to him. Bob rubbed the soap on my back then he began working the lather with his hands. I had to admit his hands felt good on my back. He put his arms around me and began to lather my chest. His soapy cock pressed against my ass. His hands slipped down to my crotch and came to rest on either side of my cock and balls.

Other than a doctor checking for a hernia, no man had ever touched my dick or nuts. He wrapped his soapy hands around my cock. In spite of myself, I was getting a nice hard-on. And I could feel his hardening dick beginning to slip into my ass crack. Bob’s soapy hands slid smoothly up and down my cock shaft. He continued to pump me as he moved one hand up to my chest.

Bob pulled me back against his chest. I almost shot my load as his hard cock slipped between my ass cheeks. He gave my cock a squeeze. Then he kissed me on the side of my neck. I put my hands on his. Bob released his grip on my cock. I moved forward a little so his cock slid from between my ass cheeks. I turned to face him.

I reached down to his crotch and slid my hand under his hard cock so it lay in the palm of my hand. Bob smiled as I closed my fingers around his fleshy shaft. This was another first for me - holding another man’s dick. Bob put his hand on my shoulder. He pulled my face closer to his then he kissed me on the lips.

I’d never been kissed by a man before either. He put his arms around me and hugged me closer. The tip of his tongue pushed against me lips. I dropped his cock and put my arms around him. Bob and I ground our cocks together as we kissed. Bob pulled his head back, “Let’s go upstairs, Ross.”

“O.K.” We kissed again on the lips.

We quickly rinsed all the soap off and shut off the shower. I wiped excess water off myself with my hands. Bob stepped out of the shower and handed me a towel. I toweled myself dry. My hard-on was wilting a little. Bob had dropped one towel on floor and was using a second. I noticed he looked hard as a rock.

He turned around, bent over and picked up the first towel. I got a good look at his ass and balls. He tossed the towels onto the top of the washing machine and started up the stairs. I tossed my towel on to the machine and followed him. We walked through the house to one of the bedrooms.

“Well, here we are.” Bob looked a little nervous. I was nervous. He licked his lips. “Well, do you want to sit on the bed or in that chair or stand?”

“Why don’t we get comfortable on the bed and go together.”

“Go together?”

“Sure. I’m just as curious about sucking a cock as you are.”

“Yeah,” Bob grinned, “That’ll work.”

We lay diagonally across the bed. We were on our sides facing each other. Bob’s dick was inches from my face. I was nervous and maybe a little scared about what I was going to do. But I was excited too. I felt Bob’s hand on my cock. I weighed his balls in the palm of my hand then I wrapped my fingers around his cock shaft.

I thought about all the blowjob photos, movies and videos that I’d seen. All the images of women and men sucking cock flashed through my mind. I smiled as I remembered the blowjobs that I had received. I’d learned what I liked and what turned me on. The time for lessons was past. It was time for some on the job training.

I lifted Bob’s cock to my lips. I slipped his foreskin back and fully exposed his cockhead. There was a drop of pre-cum in the pee slit. I extended the tip of my tongue and licked his cockhead clean. The pre-cum wasn’t salty or bitter. I brushed his cockhead against my lips and then ran my tongue over and around the fleshy plum.

I paused as I felt Bob’s lips slip down over my cockhead. Bob gently squeezed my balls as I took his cock into my eager mouth. When my lips slipped over the ridge of his cockhead, I stopped to savor my first taste of dick. I ran my tongue around then pushed farther down his cock shaft. The shaft had a different texture and feel to my tongue and lips.

Closing my lips tightly around the shaft helped me to form a suction as I pulled my mouth up his cock. I took Bob’s cock out of my mouth and used my tongue and saliva to lubricate the shaft by licking him from balls to crown. Just before I took the plunge down Bob’s cock again, I really felt him sucking on my dick.

Once I got Bob’s cock back in my mouth, I set up a steady rhythm. I’d slid my lips up and down his saliva wet shaft three to five or six times then I would flick my tongue over his cockhead or I would run the tip of my tongue around the sensitive line where the cockhead and shaft join together.

I was tapping the tip of my tongue against the sensitive vee spot on the underside of the crown. Bob stopped sucking me and rolled onto his back, “Migawd, that feels so good, Bea.” I smiled as I took his hard cock back into my mouth. I thought, ‘I must be doing o.k. and I must be giving him a pretty good blowjob.’

It didn’t take long for Bob to announce that he was cumming. I felt his cock stiffen and grow more rigid. I held him as he shot his load onto his stomach. After pumping out the last drops of cum, I lay back on the bed. Bob sat up, “Did I call you Bea?”

“You sure did.”

“Damn, I’m sorry. But Bea used to flick her tongue against me and tap me like that. She knew that really turned me on and could make me pop my nuts in just a couple of minutes.”

“That’s o.k. I glad that I was able to do something that you liked. Especially since this was the first time.”

“Well, I’m sorry.”

“Hey. It’s a compliment. I was blowing you with a blowjob that was almost as good as one of Bea’s patented blowjobs.”

“You sure were. Why don’t you sit in that chair over there and I’ll finish you.”

I moved to the side chair and Bob got on his knees between my legs. He must have kept notes on Bea’s techniques because after he sucked each nut for a few minutes and licked his way up and down my cock shaft, he quickly sucked and pumped a large load up from my nuts.

We took another shower. And we sucked each other off. It was turn on, at least for me, to be kneeling on the wet tiles and feel the warm water flowing over my shoulders and back as I sucked Bob’s big dick.

After toweling myself dry, I pulled on a pair of Bob’s boxers. “It’s late. Why don’t you spend the night? We can dedicate the spa in the morning and, if we feel like it, just goof off all day.”

I looked at Bob. He was facing me and his now flaccid dick jiggled and bounced as he vigorously dried his stomach and chest. The boxers dropped to my ankles. “You know, this could be the beginning of an interesting retirement.”