 It was a typical Thursday night for me. Home alone, watching crap on TV and flicking through my phone constantly for any sort of updates. Nothing ever changed. I'd had the Grindr app for some time, but never really thought anything of it. I just liked the attention from it really. I didn't expect anything to come from it; not friends, not a meaningful conversation, not a relationship. I was never really up for 'fun' as they liked to describe it - probably because I'm a little reserved and have never really gone all the way with a guy, which I assumed they'd all automatically expect. 

I should probably introduce myself. My name is Jack. I'm 21, 6 foot exactly and pretty toned. Like I said, I've never fucked or been fucked by a guy before. I've always been nervous about the pain or if I'm not good at it, but it's always something I've wanted to try. It's something I get off to. I don't really give off the gay vibe, I suppose. All of my friends are straight and don't know I'm into guys and have never suspected a thing. 

This one particular night changed everything. My phone buzzed and I just assumed it was just another guy starting with the typical 'hey' that I wasn't interested in. This was different. I looked down at my phone to find probably the sexiest guy I'd ever seen. Harry: Chiseled jaw, naturally gorgeous, built and a sleeve down his right arm. My type exactly. After chatting for a while, my level of arousal became unbearable. It had been a while since I'd been with a guy and impulsively asked if he wanted to come over. He agreed. I grew anxious, expecting to be catfished by some older guy that had just taken a model's photos from google images. He called asking me to come and meet him a few minutes away. My heart was pounding, but I shook it off, hoping that this guy was the real deal. 

I could see him waiting at the end of the road, getting closer. It was him. If anything he was better looking in person. A little taller than myself, around 6"2, with a bright white smile. He was wearing a tight white t-shirt - the sleeves tight around his large biceps, the ripples of his abs showing slightly through. He was confident. We talked back up to my apartment and he threw himself on my bed and put the TV.

"I'd say make yourself at home, but you already have" I smiled at him. He laughed at me, his smile making my knees slightly buckle. He insisted that we watch a horror movie, so I agreed and climbed on top of the covers. 

"So you've never been all the way with a guy?" Harry asked. 

"No, I don't really hook up a lot." 

He moved in closer to me, kissing me slightly on the lips. "That's about to change" he whispered as he climbed on top of me, placing his hands under my head to bring me closer to him. My hands slid down his arms, feeling his huge muscles. He took off his t-shirt, revealing his washboard abs that I saw under his t-shirt. I copied him. His tongue moved down my neck slowly working their way towards my pecs and further towards my abs. With ease he unbuttoned my jeans and threw them off the bed, revealing my rock hard 8 inch dick through my white CK briefs. He teased me, licking along my inner thighs and along the shaft of my cock through the material. It took all the will I had not to just rip them off then and force him to take it in this mouth. 

Harry climbed off the side of the bed and stood up next to me. I looked straight up to his perfect face looking down at me, slightly confused. He unbuttoned his trousers and let them drop to his ankles, now stood in front of me with a tight pair of blue boxers. I could see the outline of his hard dick through them. Bigger than mine, about 9" maybe bigger. He slowly pulled them down, his amazing cock slapping against his hard abs in doing so. 

"I like teasing, I don't like to be teased" he smirked, grabbing my head with both of his hands, pushing it towards him. I took the head in my mouth, my hand clasped firmly around the base, slowly wanking him off. I licked every inch of it, slapping it across my cheek. He forced it back it my mouth, thrusting his hips as it went deeper and deeper in. I took it all, my nose pressed against him, slightly gagging. He moaned out in pleasure, making me do it again, his dick pulsating against my wet tongue. I could tell me was about to come, but he pulled out before he could. He let out another moan that sent shivers down my spine, I just wanted to taste his cum right then and there. 

"Not yet. It's your turn" he said in a soft voice, moving around to the end of the bed and climbing up towards me. He grabbed my briefs with my teeth, pulling them down, grabbed my cock with his hand and licked slowly around my balls. He was talented. His tongue made its way up my cock, flicking the head rapidly and wanking me off. He took it all in his mouth, and moved his lips to the end again, repeating this process and sucking slightly, his eyes looking up towards me. I had never been sucked like this before and I never wanted it to end. He forced me to lie on my front, spreading my arse and started to slowly lick my hole.

"Fuck, you are tight" he told me, carrying on lubricating my arse. He slowly slid his finger in, causing me to clench at first. He continued fucking me with his finger and then adding a second. "Are you ready?" he asked. I just nodded. I knew it was going to hurt, but I wanted to feel Harry's huge dick inside me. 

I got on all fours, my tight hole preparing for him. I could feel the tip of his cock against me, slowly forcing its way inside me. The pain was almost unbearable, but in a sadistic way I didn't want it to stop. I slowly pushed back on his rock hard cock, forcing every inch inside me. He slowly started to pull back out, the pain now at its peek, biting my pillow. The pace picked up, and with the pace came a surprising rush of pleasure. I loved the feeling of Harry's huge dick inside me now, I was getting used to it. He grabbed my hips and pushed faster, harder, deeper and deeper inside me. He pulled all the way out, and lay back on the bed. I got on top of him, grabbed his dick and moved it towards my hole again. I slowly slid down it, pushing myself back up. He was smiling up at me, knowing that I loved the feeling of him inside me. My dick was harder than ever as I carried on sliding up and down me. He started to wank me off rapidly, but I forced his hand away, knowing that I would come at any second and wanted the feeling to last. My breathing got heavier, his moans became more frequent at he was deeper inside my tight hole. The only other sound was the slapping of his skin against mine. I leaned back, watching his thick dick push inside me, turning me on even more. I climbed off, lying on my back, him now moving towards the end of the bed, lifting both of my legs onto his shoulders. He forced himself inside my hold straight away, catching me by surprise and causing me to moan loudly. He was getting rougher but I liked it. Faster and faster he fucked me, the headboard of my bed slamming against the wall. He wanked me off as he carried on fucking me, I clenched the sheet of the bed in pleasure, moaning louder and louder, the pace of his dick pulling in and out of me even faster. My dick pulsated in his tight grip, causing an eruption of come all over my abs and my pecs. He didn't stop the pace of him fucking me. He slid his fingers through my cum and licked them until every last drop was gone. His dick was throbbing inside of me. He pulled out moving quickly towards the top of the bed and sprayed his load all over my face. I licked up what I could. He slid his cock back into my mouth making sure I could taste every bit of his come as he moaned one final time. He pulled out, licked the rest off my face and passionately kissed me, panting heavily. He looked at me, smiling. 

"I guess you liked it then" he laughed. 

I knew this wasn't just going to be a one time thing. I'd definitely be seeing Harry's huge dick again soon.