 I received a text message from Derek one afternoon. It read: Hey, you busy today?

I had just gotten home from work, and showered—starting my weekend fresh. I had no plans that night except for reading, and maybe catch up on my sleeping. It had been a long week, and I had averaged about four hours of sleep per night. I was tired, but had the whole weekend ahead of me, so I felt good about things. I Had not heard from Derek in nearly a month where he invited me over to blow one of his friends. I had not had much action since that day, and immediately my mind started to drift. I spent a couple minutes contemplating if I should text Derek back. The more I thought about it, the more I had the urge to get some dick.

Not really. What are you up to?

Derek's reply came nearly instantly—as though he already had the text prepared, and waited until I replied to hit the send button.

Nothing. Just wanted to see if you wanted to come over. Chris is here. 

I replied back with an emoji with hearts over its eyes. I thought that maybe there was a chance that Chris would fuck me, but I would suck his dick again, if that was all I could get.

Why don't you come down? Chris said he has been saving up for you for more than a week. We have an idea.

What is it?

Nothing bad just come over. We'll talk about it when you get here. 

Okay. Does Chris want to get his dick sucked today?

More. Just come on down.

In minutes, I was dressed—in simple tee shirt, and tight denim shorts—and was jogging out to my car. My urge for dick was reaching colossal levels. I jumped in the car, and sped my way to Derek's apartment. I wondered what they had in store for me, now. It was not until I stepped out of the car that I realized that they may have another friend to introduce me to. Now, while I thought threesomes were hot, I thought a foursome would be a little much. Walking up the three flights of stairs, I had no idea what was waiting for me on the other side of the door.

Derek answered nearly as soon as I knocked, and invited me in. I walked into the apartment slowly, waiting to come upon the surprise that was waiting for me. I immediately saw Chris sitting on the couch. He had a Playstation controller in his hand, and was playing a fighting game, where the perspective constantly changed. I wanted very badly to walk over and sit in his lap. I sat down on the cushion beside him instead. I sat so close to him that our thighs were touching. Derek walked in behind me, and remained standing.

"Well," I said. "What was this idea of yours?"

Derek looked as though he was choosing his words wisely. "You like Chris, right?"

I looked sideways between Chris and Derek. "I think you know how I feel about Chris. You know what I did a week ago. And while you think that I'm easy, I don't do that for everyone. What are you getting at?"

"No, no," Derek replied. "I was just seeing if you wanted to go further with Chris, that's all."

"What, you're asking me if I want Chris to fuck me?" I asked. "Well, I guess I appreciate you being polite enough to ask."

"Well, that's not all of it," Derek replied.

"Okay," I said. "Where are you going with this? I'm really hoping you're not about to ask me to do some weird shit. I know I can be slutty, but I only go so far, and you know it."

"Oh, it's not too far," Derek said. "And it's not too weird, right Chris?"

"Not weird at all," Chris replied, without taking his eyes from the game.

"I think I'll be the judge of that," I replied. "Start talking."

"You think Chris is hot, right?" Derek asked.

"I think we already established that," I replied. "What, did you call me over here to gush over the guy?" I then turned to face Chris. "Yes, Chris I want to suck your dick again. I want you to fuck me. There, you guys happy?"

Chris paused his game.

"Okay, that's not the point," Derek said. "But I want you to think long and hard about what I'm going to say before you react."

I sighed. "Okay. I'm pretty sure that I'm going to regret this later, but go on."

Derek and Chris looked at one another. For the first time, I started to get slightly nervous. I had no idea as to what kind of weird shit they were about to propose to me.

"I want to make a movie," Derek said. "One with you and Chris in it?"

"You want to make a sex tape?" I asked.

"Yes," Derek said. "Just think about it, before you decided."

"I haven't decided anything," I replied. "Why do you want to make a film? Just for you guys, or are you going to submit it to a website."

"Well," Derek said. "Both. Look, something like this can earn money. You are hot, and Chris—well you know what they say about Chris."

I sighed again. "I don't know. I think that it would be kind of fun, but its just so—public. I mean anyone could see me."

"Doesn't that make it hotter?" Derek asked.

"In a way, yes," I replied. "In a way, no. I work with a lot of people. It would be weird if someone at work got a hold of something like that."

"Look," Derek said. "We'll go to one website, and see how it goes. Most likely, it will get ten views, and go wherever forgotten pornos go. It'll probably make no big deal."

"Have you ever done something like this?" I asked, looking over to Chris.

"Not really," Chris replied. "I did a video where I stroked myself and blew my load at the camera, but only 500 people watched it. But it felt hot that 500 people watched me stroke it."

"Come on," Derek said. "It'll be fun. Like Chris said, you'll probably make the afternoon of about 500 guys. Doesn't that sound like fun to you?"

Once Derek broke it down like that, I had to admit it sounded hot.

"I don't know," I replied. "I don't think I'll look very good on film. I mean those online, most of them are taken in a studio, with makeup and lighting."

Derek shook his head. "Oh, you're going to look good on camera. I don't think you realize just how hot you are. You look really cute when you're taking dick."

"Thanks," I said. "Not exactly a flattering compliment."

"Look," Derek said. "Why don't we just try it, and if you don't like it, I'll let you erase it. No big deal. I can hook the camera up to the TV, and if anytime you don't like it, I'll turn it off. No big deal. Just give it a try. You might like it. Besides, it's not as though we're asking you to do anything weird now, is it? We could have gone in a hundred directions today. You have to admit, this is a little tame. I mean, hell, literally everyone has a sex tape. I'm only surprised that you haven't."

I shrugged. "I don't know. I really haven't thought about it. It never really came up."

"So, what do you say?"

I sighed. "What? You want to do it right here, right now? I didn't prepare for this. I don't think that I'll look good for the camera."

Derek scoffed. "What do you need to prepare. You take your clothes off, I hit record, and Chris goes to town. You're over complicating things."

"You think I can use your shower?" I asked. "I haven't really shaved in a few days. I want to clean up."

Derek's eyes lit up. "Cool. You can use my razor. Just be careful that thing has like six blades on it. I have a new blade in the medicine cabinet."

I stood up. "Okay. I won't keep you long. You up for this, Chris?"

"Hell" Derek replied. "It was his idea."

"Okay," I said. "Let me get ready. You guys do what you need to do."

"Oh, we're already ready," Derek replied. "Chris, show him that you're ready."

Chris then unzipped his fly, and pulled out his hard, beautiful dick. Seeing it again, I could see why he had wanted to film it.

"Keep that in mind," I said, turning, and heading into the restroom.

While I kept myself up, and I could have shaved in a couple of minutes, I took my time in the shower. If I was going to go through with this thing, I wanted to go in smooth. In the end, I spent nearly ten minutes with Derek's razor—getting all the crevices shaved. Once finished, I dabbed my body with a towel, and wiped the steam from the mirror. I turned my back to the mirror, bent over, and spread my ass cheeks. My ass was smooth. There was not a hair to be found. I carefully dried myself off, dressed, and headed to the living room.

Derek was standing in the hallway, holding his phone out. He was already filming me. The flash was on the camera, and I was half blinded by the white light.

"And here we are," Derek said. "This is what we have for you."

I never felt comfortable on film. Every step I made seemed clumsy and awkward. I smiled, and waved to the camera as I walked by.

"Aren't you going to say hi to the camera?" Derek asked.

I turned, and said hi to the camera—walking blind into the living room. As I turned back around, I saw Chris sitting on the couch naked, slowly stroking his cock. Derek walked around me, and pressed a button on the phone. He dropped it to the side.

"Me and Chris were thinking that you needed a name," Derek said.

"Why?" I asked. "Don't get the idea that I'm going to do this often, okay. I'm still not sure I want to go through with this."

"Look at that cock," Derek said.

I looked down to Chris' cock. "Okay, that does help."

"Look," Derek said. "We just thought we should introduce you to the camera. And of course, for obvious reasons, we shouldn't use your real name."

"Good idea," I replied. "So, did you guys come up with a name?"

"We were only going to call you Kelly."

I thought that it was nice that they had come up with an androgynous name. "No last name?"

"We didn't get that far," Derek said.

"How about Hoops?" Chris said.

"Why Hoops?" I asked. "I have no interest in anything involving hoops."

"Well, I once had a girlfriend and her last name was Hoops," Chris said. "And you kind of remind me of her."

I smiled, and nodded. "Hoops it is."

Derek raised the phone again, and the flash came back on when he pressed a button.

"And who do we have here?" Derek asked.

I looked to the camera and smiled. "Kelly Hoops."

"And what are we going to do here, today, Kelly?" Derek asked.

I winked at the camera, and could not help blushing. "I came here to get fucked. By him." I lifted my hand, as though presenting Chris.

"And what else?"

"I'm going to have Chris cum in my mouth," I replied. "And I'm going to swallow it."

Chris slouched down in the couch, and spread his legs, so I would have better access to his cock and balls. I took this as my cue, and I got down on my knees. At this point, everything else—Derek and his camera—went away. The only thing that mattered before me was Chris, and the things I had wanted to do to him.

I kneeled down, and placed my palms on his thighs, and started to rub them lightly. After the shower, I knew my hands were cold, and I had wanted to warm them. Now, inches from my face, Chris' cock bounced, and the head brushed against my lips. I looked at his cock—a little more than slightly larger than average, but perfect in just about any other way—and wrapped my lips around the head. I held him in place for a couple of seconds—licking the slit. Chris breathed deeply, and started running his hands through my hair. I began bobbing my head, and began blowing him without using my hands.

"That feels really good," Chris said.

"Mmmm-hmmm," I replied, deepthroating him.

I pulled off his cock, and grabbed it with my right hand. I lifted it, and pinned it to his stomach, exposing his balls to me. I took both balls in at once, and sucked them hard. His balls started to constrict in my mouth. I started stroking him gently, pulling his right nut into my mouth, and then the left. After a minute of this, Chris' balls were rigid. I put his cock back into my mouth, and deepthroated him again. A large amount of precum oozed in my mouth. It tasted very sweet, as though Chris had spent the last couple days loading up on sugar. I stuck my tongue out, and started licking his sack. More and more precum leaked into my mouth. I knew that if I was not careful, this would be a very short film. I pulled off Chris' cock, and looked him in the eye.

"I want you to fuck me with this thing," I said. "You think you can do that?"

Chris nodded, and stood up. I stood up as well, and unbuttoned my shorts. Motivated by a force greater than gravity, my shorts and panties were at my ankles. While a part of me wanted to tease the camera, an even large part wanted to get fucked—without theatrics or delay.

I stepped out of my shorts and panties, and got on my hands and knees.

"Would you look at that," Chris said, kneeling behind me. "I want to fuck that tight ass."

In seconds, I could feel the tip of Chris' cock against my hole. Though he was not as large at Derek, or what I used at home, Chris did not enter so easily. He pulled out, and I licked my fingertips. Rubbing my hole with my wet fingers, I inserted my middle finger to the first knuckle.

"Let me," Chris said.

I pulled out my hand, and felt Chris penetrate me with his middle and ring fingers. Chills ran down my spine, and goosebumps crept along my arms. I don't know how long Chris fingerbanged me, but I enjoyed every second of it. Usually, any attention with my ass was genital, and I liked the way his fingers probed me.

Before long, Chris pulled his fingers out, and spat in his hand—stroking his cock with spit. This time around, Chris' cock slid in with ease. He slid in balls deep, and I looked back at him.

"I want you to fuck me with that thing," I said.

Chris pulled put, and slid back in. He stayed in for a coupled of seconds, before starting to fuck me hard. He started slamming into me so hard that his thighs clapped against my ass to the point where I had little doubt that the neighbors could hear. He slammed into my ass relentlessly.

"Goddamn, Chris," Derek said. "You're tearing it up."

"He sure the hell is," I replied, panting. "Don't stop. Fuck that ass. Fuck that ass."

Chris continued his onslaught on my ass. Before or since, I have never been fucked so rough and tirelessly. I reached back, and pulled my ass cheek open, allowing him even further penetration.

"Mmmm," I said. "I feel that."

Soon, my hands and knees started to ache. I looked over my shoulder to Chris. "I want you to fuck me another way." I pulled off him, and laid on my back.

Upon laying down, I could see Derek—camera still trained on me. But Derek was naked from the waist down, and was stroking his rigid cock. I thought that he may have wanted to get into the action, but it would have affected the video. But Derek appeared content not concentrating on me, but on the phone screen.

Chris positioned himself, and I placed my calves over his shoulders—knowing that it would have given a good filming angle, and Chris good purchase to continue using me. And he picked up where he left off. Except this time it was not his thighs slapping against my ass, but his balls. His balls clapped even louder than his thighs. I did not know how he did it; I thought that it had to hurt. But Chris continued to fuck me roughly. I was thankful for his average-sized cock; I don't think I would have been able to walk had Derek fucked me like this.

"My god," I said. "You cock feels good. I think I should let you bust inside of me if you keep fucking me like this. But I want you in the mouth."

I started licking my lips. "I want you to drop your load in my mouth. I want to eat your cum."

Chris kept up his jackhammer pace, his hair now slick with sweat. He bit his lips, and nodded in response to my words. I could tell that he was close. He had to have been. There was no I that I thought he could keep fucking me like that very long without the risk of a heart attack.

I could then hear Chris whisper over and over: I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum.

"You want to shoot it?" I asked, sticking out my tongue, and curling the tip. "You want to shoot it in my mouth?"

Chris nodded, and continued to pound my ass.

"I want you to shoot it," I said. "I want you to cum in my mouth."

Chris then slammed in me one last time, and pulled out. I dropped my legs, and he crawled up my body—stopping as he straddled my neck. He started stroking his cock, and I put my lips around his balls, and started sucking. His balls were so rigid that I could not suck them in my mouth. It was like trying to suck stone.

"I'm going to cum," Chris said.

I laid my head back and opened my mouth. The first rope of cum hit my cheek. But the second one was better aimed; it hit me in the back of the throat. The third shot hit my front teeth, and leaked onto my tongue. The fourth and fifth shot—very large and thick ropes hit the roof of my mouth with astonishing force. Once Chris was finished cumming, I wrapped my lips around the head of his cock, and sucked the last drop out. When I pulled off his cock, I opened my mouth, and turned my head toward Derek's camera. I gargled Chris's cum for a couple of seconds, before swallowing. I licked my lips, and opened my mouth toward the camera for a second time to show that I swallowed.

"That was a lot," I said. I scraped the cum off my cheek with my finger, and sucked it clean. "Your cum tastes good Chris. I enjoyed swallowing your cum."

I had not paid Derek much attention up to that point, and I could see that he was stroking his cock steadily. He was stroking in slow, deliberate motions as to not disrupt the steadiness of the camera.

"You want some more cum?" Derek asked—himself out of breath.

I pushed myself up with my elbows, and nodded. "Mmmm-hmmm, I want some more cum. You want to cum in my mouth?"

"Chris," Derek panted. "Take the camera. I want to shoot my load."

Derek knelt down, and I started bobbing on his cock as he stroked it in my mouth. Within seconds, Derek started grunting, and large amounts of precum started oozing from his cock.

"Ooh, you're about to cum soon," I said. "I can taste it."

I reached up, and started massaging his balls. "Are you going to cum for me?"

"Open your mouth," Derek said. "I'm going to empty my sack in your mouth."

I got down low, and opened my mouth.

As if not to be out done by Chris, Derek unloaded the largest load he had ever shot in my mouth. While I can't be sure, it felt as though he was cumming in my mouth for nearly a minute. I counted nine steady ropes of cum before he started to slow—every rope was carefully aimed, and made it to my mouth. I opened my mouth, and turned to the camera.

"Get a close up of my cum, Chris," Derek said. "And don't swallow until he pulls away."

As Chris came closer, I stuck my cum covered tongue out, and smeared Derek's cum across my lips. I then pursed them, and blew the camera a wet kiss. As Chris pulled away I jerked my head back, and swallowed Derek's load. It took more than one swallow to go down."

"How was that?" Derek asked.

I pushed a small glob of cum from my lips into my mouth with my thumb, and sucked it before replying. "It was good. Both of you guys taste good."

"How was your first time on camera?"

I winked at the camera lens. "It was hot. Maybe we should do this again sometime."

Chris then turned the camera toward his face. "Yes. Let's." He pressed a button, and the flash went out—handing the phone back to Derek.

"Come on Derek,:" Chris said. "Let's hook it up to your computer, and see how it came out."

Derek walked over to his computer. "Oh, I know how it turned out. That shit was hot. Kelly was looking fine today. I didn't plan on stroking it. It was so hot that I could not help it."

"Well, hurry up," I want to see.

I, too, was curious to see how the shoot went, but did not want to lead on. Chris sat on a computer chair at Derek's desk, and I walked over, and sat in his lap. Within seconds, his cock was hard again. I looked back at him, and he only smiled.
