 A couple minutes later, we turned down Cave Creek road. I knew that we were not far away from our destination, and I started feeling nervous—so nervous that my hands started to shake. I was not nervous in a bad way, but the type of nervous excitement of doing something for the first time. And I liked it. While I thoroughly enjoyed most of my sexual encounters, the thrill of newness had run out long ago. And then Chris came into the picture. In consecutive weeks, we were trying something neither had really done before. We brought some newness back into the fray. I had just forgotten how good it actually felt. Sad to say that sex had become almost strictly genital, and Chris brought something to life that I had not even realized I missed. With Chris, it felt as though I was having a first boyfriend all over again. I looked over to Chris, and felt that if we were not careful, we would wind up doing a whole circus act of firsts together. 

We turned down a small street. The street was lined with sects of townhouses on right side, and apartment complexes to the left. I thought it looked like the last place on earth to go for some privacy. Driving passed these sects, I realized that I was about ten minutes away from getting fucked outdoors—how could I possibly get myself hung up on privacy?

The end of the road dead-ended about an eighth of a mile beyond the last townhouse sect. At the end of the road was a dented, and sun stricken stretch of steel road guard rail. Inches beyond this guard rail was desert: dirt, dying brush and cacti, and jagged hills. It looked as though we had just reached the edge of the civilized world. 

"Hardly no one goes hiking here," Chris said, putting the truck in park. "I used to run and hike here every day for more than two years. I maybe saw like a half a dozen people out. It'll be like we have the whole desert to ourselves. You'll see. We can go for a few miles before we reach civilization on the other side."

"Okay," I said. "I want to get dressed in the truck."

Chris made no motion to leave. 

"I don't want you to see me dress," I said. "I want you to see it all at once."

Chris rolled his eyes, and put his shoulder into the car door.

"Now, don't look until I get out."

"Okay, okay," Chris said, shutting the truck door behind him. 

This marked another first for me. I had neither dressed nor undressed in a vehicle before. And although the truck had a decent sized cab, it still made for an awkward act. I barked my elbow painfully against the cab's rear window getting the camisole over my shoulders, and the skirt was a tight fit. It took nearly a minute of wiggling to get it up over my hips. I had a few anxious seconds fearing the skirt would not fit. I bought it, and measured it by sight alone. There was no way I was going to take a skirt and camisole in a dressing room with me; I had left the store in a rush to get out. But finally, I was able to manage—glad that I could breathe with it on. The skirt belled out slightly, and I was able to move my legs freely. I watched Chris the entire time. He stood at the front bumper, with his back to the truck. I slipped my shoes on, and opened the truck door not a moment too soon. With my struggles, the inside of the truck had started to get steamy. It felt as though I had spent ten minutes dressing, but could not have been longer than a minute or two. 

Upon standing, I noticed a second error I had made. The camisole was cropped to expose the midriff and lower back. And while I am by no means tall, I am taller than the average woman, so the cropping was more pronounced. Also, it made my chest look even flatter than what it is. I was glad that I had kept up my shaving and waxing, or I would have gone with my original shirt. I felt more aware of the camisole than I was of the denim skirt. The skirt, too, was a little short on me, but covered me to mid-thigh. I checked my ass out in the reflection of the truck, and it looked ready—ripe to be fucked. 

"Well, why don't you take a look?" I said. "Tell me if you like it."

I stood arms open for Chris to see, and he let out a quiet whistle. 

"You like?" I asked. 

Chris started rubbing his chin. "Oh, I like it. I like it, all right."

I then turned, and lifted the hem of the skirt. "And how does this look? I guess this matters more than anything."

"It looks great," Chris replied. He walked over, and reached under my skirt, and squeezed one of my ass cheeks. 

A couple cars turned out of the nearest apartment complex—merely a hundred feet from us. 

"Come on," I said. "Let's head out there before we get hit with indecent liberties."

"Indecent liberties," Chris said. "That pretty much sums up everything I want to do with you right now."

"Okay, come on then," I replied. "I'll give you any indecent liberty you want."

"Hold on," Chris said. He reached into the cab of the truck, and pulled out a gallon of water. "I know it's not very hot out, but it'd be a good idea to take this along. In case."

I looked into the desert before us. "It's thirsty work."

"It sure the hell is," Chris replied. 

He also pulled out a couple towels, handing me one of them. 

"What are these for?"

"I use them to dry off my truck," Chris replied, locking the truck, and taking his first steps toward the desert. I jogged to catch up with him.

"No," I replied. "I mean, what are these for, like out here?"

"In case you want to lay down," Chris said. "I can clear you out a spot, put the towels down, and we can lay down." 

I figure that Chris just opened up about 200 positions by bringing the towels. By I was not so sure I wanted to lay down. Towel or no, the ground was hard. And it would have been impossible to break away quickly if someone walked up on us fucking. But the more I walked through the desert, the less I concerned myself about discovery. In fact, since stepping single foot in the desert, I wanted no more than to drop my panties, bend over, and let Chris go to town. I knew that I was so horny that I was most likely going to cum from getting fucked. And those are the best orgasms. 

Chris was right. This was no popular hiking spot. There was not so much as even the faintest of walking paths. It was just me, Chris and the rugged, unforgiving terrain. That he knew the way, I followed Chris closely—stepping where he stepped. I kept thinking of his cock, and quickly became thirsty. About ten minutes in, I asked him for the water. Drink straight from the jug, I looked back to the truck. The truck seeming incongruously close to us. 

"Come on," Chris said. "It's not too far from here."

I turned to look at Chris, and realized that he was just as eager as I was to get it on. He started walking, and I quickly followed him. He could have led me over a cliff. 

Soon, we came across a large hill—not quite a mountain. 

"It's right around the hill," Chris said, lifting his hand. "You can see the bush."

I looked, and saw the edge of a bush around the hill. I thought we could have made it there in the span of a minute. I had to fight every urge in my body to keep from running. Something inside told me to save my strength. 

"Yeah, I can see it," I said. 

"Just be careful," Chris said, measuring his steps. "The footing here isn't great. I don't want you spraining an ankle on me. 

"I'm careful," I said. "Besides, it's going to take more than a sprained ankle to stop me."

Chris turned back and smiled. "I like your attitude."

I followed Chris to the bush, so excited that my knees were knocking. I had not felt this way in years. The distance from the truck—and from public scrutiny—helped me feel more secure in my outfit. In truth, I felt very hot wearing a skirt. It was one of the few times in my life that I actually felt sexy. But the distance to the bush was closing in, and I knew that I was mere seconds away to getting fucked. 

At last we made it to the bush. The bush spanned about eight feet edge to edge, and was thick enough to merely give patches of glimpses though it. From the distance of ten feet, I could see nothing behind the bush. I thought that it was perfect—that someone could walk nearly on top of us, and not see a whole lot. Walking around the bush, I could see what Chris was talking about. About ten miles below to the southeast was the skyline of Phoenix. The whole city moved on below us. I felt hot, feeling that I was about to put on a show for the entire city. 

I turned back to the bush, and could see a flat, little clearing around the bush. There were a few rocks, and pebbles to kick around, but I could see going to the ground—at least to my hands and knees. Near the base of the bush was a large rock about the size of a bean bag chair. I knew the rock was going to get some use before we were through. 

"Well," Chris said. "What do you think? It's not much, but at least it's paid for."

I threw my towel at him. "Lay down the towels for me."

Chris kicked some rocks and pebbles away before fastidiously laying the towels down. I stepped away; nothing took my breath away like dust, and Chris kicked up a considerable pile of it clearing the ground for me. 

But it did not take long for the dust to clear. I walked over to Chris, and he pulled me into him. I looked up at him, and he kissed me, probing my mouth with his tongue. He then placed a hand under my skirt, and slithered his fingers around my panties. He tickled my hole with the tip of his middle finger before inserting it all the way to the first knuckle. It surprised me more than hurt. I pulled away from his lips. 

"Well, hello there," I said, gyrating against his hand, as he wiggled his finger in my ass. 

"You like that?" Chris asked. "You like that?"

"Mmmm-hmmm," I replied, leaning forward for another kiss.

Chris then stuck his tongue down my throat. Simultaneously, he pulled his finger from my ass, and inserted both his index and ring fingers in—starting to finger bang me. I moved my hands down his body, and felt my way to his crotch. I started massaging his crotch with the palm of my hand. I struggled with the button of his jeans, before pulling away again. 

"Pull that thing out for me," I said. "I want to suck it. I want to suck your dick outdoors."

Chris pulled his fingers from my ass, and clawed at the button of his jeans—sliding them down below his knees. I reached out, and pulled his cock through the slit of his boxers. His cock was swollen, but not yet hard. I liked the fact that he was not hard yet. I like starting with a soft cock, and teasing it to arousal. Makes me feel more responsible for the hard-on. 

"Sit down on the rock," I said. 

Chris walked backward to the rock, and sat down carefully on it. I got on my knees, and Chris spread his legs for me. I stroked his semi-hard cock a couple times. 

"You want me to suck it?" I asked. "You want me to suck that thing?"

Chris nodded his head. "Yes."

I wrapped my lips around his cock, and started sucking. I did not bob my head, I merely suck his cock in my mouth, and softly pushed him out I did this a few times, and his rigidity came out all at once. I would have choked on the thing if I had it all in my mouth. I stroked his now, glistening cock. 

"Mmmm," I said. "I love your cock."

I then put my mouth around his cock, and started bobbing my head. It did not take long for Chris to run his hands through my hair. The feeling of his fingers through my hair gave me chills, and goosebumps. I then deep throated Chris, and he grunted. 

"Suck it," he said. "Suck it like that."

With his whole cock in my mouth, I started massaging his balls with the tip of my tongue. Chris hissed in response. 

"Maybe we ought to slow down," he said. "I'm about ten seconds away from blowing my load."

I understood. While I definitely would not have minded him blowing his load in my mouth—I had planned on taking it in the mouth anyway—the plan we set out was to fuck outdoors. And I wanted his cock in me. I pulled off his cock, and pulled out the small bottle of KY I had in a pocket of my skirt. 

"Stay there," I said. 

I opened the bottle, and ran a stream of KY down the length of his shaft. I then put a healthy drop on my fingertips, and wet my ass. I started stroking his cock with my left hand, and rubbing my ass in circles with my right. 

"Stand up," I said. "I want you to fuck me. You think you can do that for me?"

Chris stood up, and nodded. When I released his cock, he resumed stroking it. A large bead of precum appeared at his cock slit. I leaned forward, and licked it off with the tip of my tongue. 

"I hope there is more where that came from," I said. 

"Oh, there is," Chris said. "You can trust me on that."

I bent over, and put my hands on the rock, raising my ass in the air. "Oh, I trust you," I said, reaching back and lifting the hem of my skirt—exposing my ass to Chris. "I trust you a lot."

Chris hooked the waist line of my panties with his index finger, and lowered them to my legs. 

"Are you ready for this?" he asked, tickling my hole with the tip of his cock. 

Every time he tickled me, a felt a chill down my spine. "Yes, I'm ready. Stick that thing in. I want to feel you. Make me feel you."

And Chris delivered. Chris believed in initial penetration. He slid in balls deep, and grinded against my ass, so hard that I nearly lost balance.

"You feel that?" he asked. "Tell me you feel it."

"Oh, I feel it," I replied. "Your cock feels great. Fuck me with that thing. Make me feel it."

Chris pulled all the way out, and slammed back in to me. This time I lost total balance. And if Chris did not have his hands locked into my hips, I would have fallen onto the rock. I grabbed some purchase on the rock just in time for him to slam back into me. I could hear the sound of his balls slapping into the backs of my things. 

This went on for some time; I have no idea as to how long. Such a concept as time meant very little to me, as I am sure as it had for Chris. He continued to pound my ass relentlessly, and I continued to take his cock relentlessly. But after a while, I started to hear other sounds; like distant echoes of the slapping sound behind me. But the echoes grew louder, and less distant. It was not until I saw that shadow that I realized those sounds were footsteps. I pulled away from Chris, and motioned for him to dress. I cocked my head toward the bush, and Chris then understood. He pulled up his pants so quickly I thought that he may have given his privates some fabric burn. 

An older man wearing khaki bucket hat, a pristine white polo, and khaki shorts turned into view. I stood there like a deer in headlights—frozen in time and place, hoping that if I had remained still enough that the man would either not see me, or pay much attention to me. In fact, the man took only one glance at me, and turned to Chris. 

"Fine day out for a hike," the man said, scratching his gray beard.

"It sure is," Chris said. 

The man smiled, and turned away without another word. In seconds, he was out of sight—obscured by the bend of the hill. I waited until I could not hear a footstep before whispering. 

"That was close," I said. "You think he saw anything?" 

I then attempted to take a step backward, and found that my knees were bound together. I flushed, and did not have to look down. Wrapped around my knees was the pair of white panties I had forgotten all about. I pulled the panties up, and spent the next few seconds in sheer and overwhelming embarrassment. There was no way the man did not see my panties, I thought. 

"That was pretty horrible, Chris," I said. "I'm so embarrassed."

Chris approached me, and placed a hand on my shoulder. "Oh, come on. It wasn't so bad. And I don't think the man see you as clearly as you think. The sun was nearly in his eyes, and you're in the shade. He wasn't even looking at you."

"He saw me Chris," I said. "He had to have seen me."

"Okay," Chris said. "And so what if he did? We're out here having fun? What's so bad about that?"

"I looked like a," I said. "I don't know what I looked like."

"You looked fine," Chris replied. "Trust me. You still do. Come on, would this lie to you?"

Chris then undid the button on his jeans, and pulled his still-erect penis out. He turned, and poked me in the thigh with his penis. 

I grabbed his penis softly, and gave it a couple soft strokes. 

"Come on, Chris," I said. "What if the guy comes back?"

Chris shrugged his shoulders, and his cock bounced, too. "So, what if he does? He isn't going to mean trouble for us. I don't think he will though. There is something of a code out here, if you come across people who want to be alone, you leave them alone. You hike around them."

"Maybe the guy is too old for you code," I said. 

Chris shook his head. "No. I don't think so. Don't think that we created the world. It was around before us."

"I guess," I replied. 

"Why don't you let me stick this thing back in?" Chris asked. "I need to feel your ass."

I craned my head to see if I could see around the hill. "I don't know. What if the old man comes back. What if there are others?"

"That guy isn't coming back," Chris said. Chris then stripped totally nude. He then stepped away from the bush, looking in all directions. "See? I'm telling you. There's no one out here."

I watched Chris in the sun, totally nude with his cock sticking straight in the air. In the end, I could not resist him. I dropped my panties back around my knees, hiked up the hem of my skirt, and placed my palms back on the rock. 

"Well, come on then," I said, adding a little wiggle to my ass for emphasis. "Get over here, and put that thing back in me."

I watched over my shoulder as Chris walked back over to me, cock bobbing in the air. I stuck my ass out, and waited for Chris to penetrate me. 

"Well, look at that," Chris said. 

"Look at what?" I asked. 

"That," he said, slipping his cock balls deep back into my ass. "You have the nicest fucking ass I have ever seen. I could just fuck this thing all day."

Chris pulled out, and pushed back in. "You ass feels tight today. I'm sorry baby, but I've got to cum. You're just cuter than hell."

"It's okay," I replied, feeling him slide back into me. "I want you to cum."

"Where do you want it?" he asked. 

I wanted Chris to cum in me, but I also wanted to swallow him again. "You think you've got more than one round in you?"

Chris plunged his cock deep in my ass, held it in place and grinded his balls into me. "Yeah, I got some rounds in me."

"Then I want you to cum in my mouth," I replied, licking my lips. "The first cum is the heaviest. I want to eat your cum. I want to swallow what's in your balls."

Chris grunted, and kicked it into high gear, fucking my ass with great velocity. I could feel his tight and heavy balls slap rapidly against my ass.

"Jesus, Chris," I said, barely able to get the words out of my mouth. "I like when you fuck me like this. Don't stop. I want you to pull that thing out, and shoot it in my mouth."

"You ready?" Chris asked. "You ready baby?"

"Mmmm-hmmm," I replied, again licking my lips. "Just tell me when."

Chris suddenly pulled out, and tugged at my shoulder. "Get ready, baby. I'm about to cum. I want to cum in your mouth."

"Give it to me," I said. "Give me your cum."

Chris stroked his cock inches from my lips. I reached out, and moved his hand out of the way. 

"Let me," I said. "I want to finish you off."

I wrapped my index finger around the head of Chris' cock, and started stroking him against my tongue. 

"Just like that," Chris said. "Jerk me off in your pretty little mouth."

Just as Chris finished his statement, he erupted in my mouth. I wrapped my lips around his cock, and continued to stroke his cock. Chris came so hard that I felt my cheeks expand. I felt him explode three times. I felt his cum slide to the back of my throat, as though it was swimming eager to be swallowed. I gave Chris' cock one last hard suck, and pulled his cock out. I then did something that I had never done before. I tilted my head, and started gargling his cum. After swirling his cum around my mouth for a couple seconds, I swallowed hard—sticking my tongue out to show him I had swallowed all of his cum. 
