 Last Saturday was an interesting day and I can't believe that I am now driving to Bill's house this Saturday afternoon. Actually, last Saturday wasn't just interesting, it was a life changing day. To understand why I can't believe that I am driving to Bill's house I need to tell you about the last 7 weeks and especially what Bill did to me last Saturday.

It was seven weeks ago when I decided to sign up on one of those alternative sex sites. It was late at night and I was pretty horny as I was watching porn videos and reading sex stories. It had been a while since I had sex and really was looking for something different. I decided to make a profile of a submissive man looking for a dominant top. I had only had sex once with a man in college, 20 years ago. He had handcuffed me and then worked my ass really well before fucking me and then shooting his load all over my back. It was a great experience but one that I never repeated. This night I was in the mood to feel a cock inside of me so my profile was pretty explicit in what I wanted. I wasn't actually looking to meet someone, I was just horny and having fun but I didn't put that in the profile. 

I forgot about the profile until a couple days later when a man, Bill, contacted me. He told me that he fit the man that I was looking for. Physically he was pretty good looking. His picture showed a 60-year-old man who was in good shape, probably pretty muscular back in his hay day but now pretty toned. He was 6'2", 200lbs, didn't smoke, was gay and very dominant. He said he liked playing with men's bodies and was into "passive" men who wanted to just have their bodies played with. 

We emailed a couple times over the next two weeks. We exchanged photos and I found out that he lived in a city about 30 miles from my house. We even talked on the phone once before I finally told him that I was just really horny that night and wasn't really planning on meeting anyone. I don't think he was happy about me telling him that. I think there are far more people that post like me on those sites than there should be. At any rate, about 3 weeks after that, I received an email from him. It just read, 'Are you really horny again?'

It was late at night when I received the email and I had been looking at porn again. I emailed him back and simply said yes. I didn't hear back from him again that night. That got me thinking about kink and gay sex so the rest of the night I watched gay BDSM porn. 

Two days passed and I that Thursday I received another email from him. In this email he said that if was still horny we should at least meet at a bar and talk. He lived about 30 miles from me. He suggested a bar that was not far from his house and told me to meet him at 1pm. I told him that I would meet him that Saturday (this was last week).

I left just after noon and planned to get there at about quarter to one. Just as I was arriving at the bar, my phone rang. It was Bill. I answered and Bill told me that a work related subject came up and he was going to be about an hour or so late. He said that I could come over to his house and have a free beer or two or I could wait at the bar and he would join me when he could. I should have just said no maybe we can do it some other time. I could have said I would meet him at the bar when he was done. What I told him was that whatever he thought would be easier. He had me right where he wanted me. He gave me directions to his house, which was only about 1 mile away and pretty easy to get to. 

When I arrived, I rang the bell. After a short wait, Bill answered the door. He welcomed me in with a big smile on his face. I must say that first impression of him was just as he portrayed himself in the emails. He pointed to his kitchen and told me to get myself a beer and watch whatever I wanted on TV. He left and went down a hall and out of site. I heard a door close and assumed he was back to whatever work problem he had to take care of. 

I walked to the kitchen. The fridge was stocked with many types of beer. I was happy to see that he had many types of lite beer and grabbed one of those. There was no way I was going to get drunk in this type of a situation. I turned on the TV. I found a college football game and started watching. It took about 15 minutes before I was ready for another beer. When I stood up, I had a little head rush. I attributed it to that fact that I was still a little apprehensive and it was pretty hot in the room. I grabbed another beer and sat back down. The game was pretty boring and I was starting to get a little drowsy. Towards the end of the second beer, Bill came in and sat down. I kinda looked over at him and he had a big smile on his face. He said that his work was done and all that was left was for everyone to have some fun. It dawned on me. I was drugged. I tried to get up but didn't really have control of my body. Bill laughed and then put his hand on my crotch. He said feels pretty nice but we wouldn't need this today. He started rubbing my thigh when I completely blanked out. 

When I woke up, I found a blindfold over my eyes. Actually, it felt more like swim goggles that had been blacked out. I tried to stand but found that my hands were chained to the floor, as were my legs. All I could do was to get onto my hands and knees. When I did, I heard some laughter and then Bill spoke.

He said welcomed me back to the world of the awake. He then told me how sick he was of pretenders who wasted his time. He talked about what people like me deserved. That is when he told me what he was going to do to me. Standing around me where 20 men that wanted to fuck my brains out. He said that not only would they fuck me so hard that I couldn't walk but that I would beg for them to cum in my mouth. 

I was in shock. I struggled a little and everyone laughed. Bill pointed out to me that my cock was not only rock hard but this duplicated that experience I said I liked in college. Only this was going to be 20 times better since there were 20 more men to fuck me. 

He told everyone to let me know they were there. One at a time, each man walked behind me and pressed on my ass. They didn't penetrate but by the fourth or fifth person, I was starting to push back against their fingers. About half way through Bill told me to start begging. I hesitated but was really horny and knowing that they were just going to be fucking me I was a little less nervous about what was going on. I said please fuck me. Everyone laughed. I asked repeatedly and everyone kept laughing. 

Finally each man was done. Bill spoke up and said that it didn't look like anyone thought I was a good piece of ass to fuck since none of them took me up on my request. He told me I would really have to beg to get someone to fuck me. With that, he started to rug my ass with his finger. I was super horny so it didn't take much before I started to beg.

I told them how tight I was and how good it would feel and how much I wanted it. I told them how much I loved cum and needed to feel them inside me. I told them anything I could think of saying. As I continued to beg, Bill continued to work my ass making me even hornier. After several minutes of begging, Bill stopped his rubbing of my ass. He told everyone that he thought I was finally ready to be fucked and everyone cheered, even me.

I felt some cool gel on my ass and then a man stepped up behind me. I felt the head of his cock press up against my ass. I tried to relax but wasn't doing a good job of it. I felt a hard slap on my ass just as his cock broke in. It hurt some. He started inching it in. Bill said he couldn't hear me begging and told me if I didn't the cock would be pulled out and I would have to wait. I started to beg again telling them how big he was and how much I loved his cock. 

Slowly he started working it back and forth going further in with each thrust. God it hurt but I kept begging. He started working it faster and faster. The pain was still there but so was something else. It was starting to feel great. I was starting to push back against his thrusts. I was so horny I really wanted to play with my cock but didn't have a way to reach it. As horny as I was I was my cock was shriveled up and kinda flopped back and forth with each movement.

Just when I was really getting to enjoy this he pulled out of my ass. At first, I didn't know what to do. My ass started to search for its cock. Everyone was laughing and cheering. The man that was behind me moved in front of me. I think felt another man behind me. His cock easily went into me. He reached over, grabbed my hair, and pulled my head back. I then felt a warm stream of cum hit my face, then another and another. I instinctively stuck my tongue out and licked up the cum that had hit my lips. 

I then went back to the cock that was now ramming my ass. I started begging for more and more, saying how great he was and how much I wanted his cum. I then felt him pull out. I knew what was coming and my ass started to search for its next cock while I opened my mouth and stuck my tongue out for the cum I knew was coming. I wasn't disappointed. Another cock found my ass and the second guys cum found my mouth. I extended my head and was surprised when I bumped into his cock. I instantly started sucking until he pulled away. The cock in my ass was still banging away as I was trying to lick up the cum still on my face.

This went on guy after guy. About 10 people into the session, my as was starting to feel pretty sore. I wasn't as enthusiastic about either thrusting back to meet the cocks or about milking the cocks with my mouth. I really just wanted to reach back and play with my cock. I am sure I would have cum in just a few strokes.

Finally, the last guy pulled out of my sore ass. It felt so good to have him stop. He shoved his cock into my mouth and I milked every last drop. 

Everyone cheered as his now limp cock slipped out of my mouth. Bill once again spoke up, telling me what a piece of shit I was for being a player and thinking this was all a game. He told me that all I was is a piss toy and that was all I was. I could tell everyone was standing right around me and that is when I felt the first stream hit me. They were pissing on me. I felt stream after stream coat me with piss. It was warm and actually felt good. There were streams hitting my ass and I found myself moving back and forth making sure that I was being completely coated. 

Everyone was laughing at me calling me a piss slut and cum whore and fuck toy. When they were all done pissing I heard them leave. I was left in a pool of piss all alone. It seemed like a long time passed. I was still very horny and found myself trying to jack off by rubbing my cock on the ground, which was covered in piss. 

Someone returned and from the voice, I knew it was Bill. He was talking about how I was born for this and laughed at me as I tried to get off. He placed a finger on my sore ass. I pulled away and Bill slapped my ass. He told me never to pull away from someone playing with my ass. He returned to my sore hole and played with it. I then felt him push something into it. It was large. Bigger than any of the cocks, that had violated me earlier. Bill told me that I needed to have something to fill me up. 

He then unchained my legs and hands. I rolled over onto my back. I didn't care that I lay in a puddle of cold piss. Bill leaned down over me and told me to get up and take a shower. He then took off the goggles that had kept me from seeing what was going on. I looked around and Bill pointed to a door and said the shower is in there along with your cloths. Don't you dare take that plug out of your ass.

I took a shower and got dressed. I went up some stairs that I saw on one side of the room, I must have been in his basement. When I got to the top, Bill was there. He gave me a disc and said that if I liked what I saw to show up next week exactly at 1pm. I would ring the bell enter and follow and instructions I was given. Looking at the disc, I was concerned that I had been filmed and a panicked expression came over my face. Bill noticed and tells me the disc was the only one and was so that I could remember the fun I had.

I went home and arrived back at about 8pm. I fell into my bed and slept the rest of the night. I didn't even jack off, as I was so tired from the day of sex. I took the plug out the next morning when I woke up and took a shower. Removing the plug was extremely painful but I felt strangely empty when it was out. It was days before my ass wasn't sore and I actually jacked off. It was at this point that I watched the video. As I watched the video, I played with the plug, sliding it in and out of my ass. I knew that I would be back at Bill's house. I watched the video of me each night after that and played with my more than my cock. I inserted the plug that Friday night before going to bed. I took it out in the morning when I took my shower but then put it back in before leaving for Bill's house.

Driving to Bills house this Saturday I can't imagine what he has in store for me. Only time will tell.