 My brother Lawrence was 20 years old when I turned 18. My name is Dane and this is something that happened about 28 years ago. Many times during the summer we'd go to the local produce farm to pick strawberries with our Mom and Dad. Mom always made the best pies, and we had to help pick them if we wanted any of it. Lawrence and I told them we'd meet them there at about 1 o'clock that afternoon. We were out running around wasting gas (back then it was cheap), and decided it was time to head there. Out of the blue, Lawrence asked me a simple question, at least it should have been.

"Hey Dane, would you like to play with my dick?" 

I thought for a second, and said "yeah right, what are you trying to do?" 

Lawrence replied, "nothing! I was just asking if you want to play with me." 

This went back and forth for a little bit, me not knowing what he had up his sleeve (or should I say- down his pants). I told him that if he gave me his wallet, with all his money and license, I would believe him. He gave it up right away, so I slid my hand over and through his shorts I found his cock to be on full alert. I don't know what got him horny, but I was the only one around to help him with his problem.

With his dick hard, I could tell he was serious. I pulled it out of his shorts and started stroking it. How different it felt to stroke a cock, but not feel my own cock being the one that's stroked. This was the first time that I'd ever done this, so it was really weird, but a lot of fun. It felt just as hard as mine, and about the same size as mine, but it felt so much different than mine. This was great. I wasn't sure exactly what to do with it, but I figured, stroke it like you would your own. And that's what I did. 

After a few minutes, I asked him if he wanted me to suck on it. He told me he didn't care, I could if I wanted to. So I leaned over the center console in the car, opened my mouth and licked around his uncut cock. After realizing that he wasn't going to hit me or call me names, I slid it into my mouth. I could only get about half of it in, but I sure was having fun. My first go at cocksucking and I was really enjoying myself. We pulled into the parking lot, and Lawrence parked in the back. 

I continued giving him the best blowjob that I could give. It only took about a minute longer when he cried out that he was going to cum. I started to panic not knowing what I was going to do, but almost immediately I decided that I should just swallow it, that way there would be no mess to clean up. It was a good thing I was quick with my decision, because he was just about as quick. I swallowed with every squirt. Load after load went down my throat, until Lawrence finished and pulled his cock from my mouth.

It tasted salty and kind of bitter, but I did it and was glad to know that it was my mouth that did it. I couldn't believe that I had just sucked my first cock, I swallowed my first load of sperm, it was my brothers cock I had been sucking, and my mom and dad were just a few hundred feet from where it happened. It also didn't take me long to decide that I needed some strawberries to get rid of the aftertaste. Out the door I went thinking, I sure hope he lets me do that again. 

Later that night, I asked him if he wanted to try fucking me in the ass. He said he didn't think it was a good idea, but if I wanted to I could suck his dick again. I agreed and he pulled off his pants and underwear. My mouth went to work eagerly on his already hard cock. I licked and sucked, waiting on my prize. It took him a little longer this time, but I enjoyed every second of having him in my mouth. Before long I'd be tasting my second load of sperm that day, and it was just as fun as the first. 

The only problem, that was about all that ever happened. I sure did want more, but didn't want to look bad in my brothers eyes, so I never asked to do it again. I wonder if that's why I've been so very bi-curious all my life?