 Like many married men, I've become curious. I'm happily married, I love my wife, and I had never been with anyone since our marriage. But I began to fantasize about using toys, dildos, and ultimately being taken with a strapon. That was a huge turn-on for me but it was just fantasy. I began getting toys and began using them, and then I found cum eating instruction (CEI) videos after I found videos of women making men eat their own cum after fucking them with a strapon. This transitioned to bi, trans, and even gay porn and I realized that I just loved cum. I wanted to suck a dick but could just never make it happen.

Then one day I went on a trip to another country for a few weeks. I found that there was an adult store in town that had its own adult theater. Curious, I decided to check it out. I found the store, browsed around the store while I got up the courage to check out the theater. Finally, I paid the fee and went in back and I was...underwhelmed. It was several rooms with couches that had a different themed movie showing. There were several people back here but everyone was just kind of lingering in the hallway, waiting for something to happen. I found one room with a guy sitting in there watching a gay porn but couldn't get up the nerve to go in.

After this continued for what seemed like ages, I realized there were a few individual viewing booths in a corner. I was about to leave when I discovered that one had a nice round hole about waist-high. A glory hole. I had never seen one in person but love watching videos of both men and women (or both) servicing anonymous strangers through the holes. Not really know what I was doing, I decided to sit down and see what was playing. I figured I'd just watch some porn, get off, and then be on my way.

I flipped through on the channels and found a good video of a guy being spit-roasted by 2 guys while another 2 guys jerked off and waited their turn. I sat down, pulled my dick out, and starting stroking. Watching the guy get fucked from both ends was turning me on to no end, and I knew I was getting close to cumming. I wasn't going to last much longer.

It was at this point that I noticed movement out of the corner of my eye, and I looked over to see a nice hard cock come through the wall. It was much larger than my own, and even bigger than my dildo, so it had to be about 8-9" long. I stared at it, mesmerized, for a few seconds not knowing what to do. This was a major fantasy of mine but I didn't know if I could go through with it. Finally, I said to hell with it as I was too turned on. I slowly started stroking it as I got my pants all the way down and got down on my knees.

I looked at it up close, feeling how different and similar the flesh felt compared to my own cock. And then, I slowly began to lick around the head, speeding up, and then trying to move my head up and down on the dick. I could hear moans on the other end of the wall and it was incredibly hot. This was the first time I'd ever done this so I had no idea what I was doing it, but the man on the other side was enjoying it. As I was doing this, I realized I may never get the chance to do this again. Throwing caution to the wind, I pulled my phone out and began to videotape myself sucking this amazing cock. It turned me on even more that I was essentially degrading myself as a little cock sucker, but all I wanted was to eat this stranger's cum. And I was going to do it all on film.

I continued bobbing my head up and down on his dick, trying to fit as much as I could down my throat. He was beginning to moan louder and louder, and as I continued he began to move his hips, slowly at first, then faster and faster as he was fucking my face. I was so turned on that I knew I was about to cum and I hadn't even touched my own dick. Right as I was about to cum, I cupped my hand underneath my dick to catch my load and I spurted out a load without even touching myself. I caught it all in my hand, then took a break from sucking this cock to lick my cum off my hand. I made sure to look right into my camera as I did it, sticking my tongue out to show the cum that was there, before swallowing it down. Then I went right back to sucking.

This went on for another few minutes before the pace picked up and he began pumping his hips faster. He grunted loudly and he came, spurting several huge ropes of cum right into my mouth. I made sure to wrap my lips around his dick as he came and licked around his cockhead to tease out as much cum as I could, ensuring I caught the entire massive load in my mouth. I pulled off his dick as he pulled it back through the hole. I again showed the camera the cum in my mouth and then swallowed it down. Then I could hear him zip his jeans up and then the door opened and shut. And that was it.

I couldn't believe that just happened, so I sat there and thought about the fact that a stranger had just used my throat. I still was incredibly horny as I hadn't had a whole orgasm, and as I looked at the screen I saw that the same guy from the porn I was watching had taken a facial from 2 guys and a 3rd was working up to it. I began furiously stroking my cock, even more turned on by the fact that I could still taste his cum. I got closer and closer, and then as the guy on the screen got one last facial I came a massive orgasm that covered my chest.

Right after I came, I heard a noise from the next stall and looked back towards the hole in the wall. I saw a face, more accurately an eye, that was peeking through the hole and enjoying the show. Giving into all my dirty fantasies, I made eye contact with his new stranger as I proceeded to lap up all the cum I had just shot all over my chest, a little bit at a time. As I came down from the high from this orgasm, I realized what I had just done and couldn't quite believe it. I hurried up, pulled up my pants, and quickly left.

About an hour later, I got back to my hotel. The idea of what I had just done was turned me on again, so the first thing I did when I got back to my room was watch the video. It obviously wasn't the greatest camera work, but I watched myself sucking this large cock and eating cum. I paused it for a second, got a plug and my dildo, and stuffed the plug in my ass while I sucked the dildo. I fantasized that it was another huge cock. I couldn't even finish the video before I came all over myself again. This time, I took the dildo, dipped it in the cum, and kept sucking it, eating my whole load. 

I still was a little in shock at everything that I had done, but I knew one thing. I'm a cock sucker.