 I Got Mark, At Last

At last I have the courage to write about my sexual experiences. All the stories are true. Only the names have been changed to protect the guilty.

STORY 9

It was a few weeks since my BI 3some with Ann and Mark. One evening I was at Ann's place having dinner, at times she liked to do a dinner for the two of us. During dinner we had small talk about her family, the trouble she has with her mother and the problems with Kathy, her brother's wife. Ann thinks she a bitch and a little jealous of Ann's closeness with her brother. Ann has this feeling that Kathy fancies her. I pointed out that it might be more to do with her sexual urges, but Ann thinks not.

During the main meal Ann asked if I have had more thoughts about 'seeing' Mark. She went on to remind me of what I said after our last encounter with him, that I would love to fuck him. I confessed that I still had that desire, but I was afraid of hurting our relationship. Ann, quickly assured me that its OK provided that I come over to her straight after and give her full and frank details of what we did. OK I said- I will contact him for a session this week.

We continued with dinner. Ann told me about her phone call to Sue.

"You remember Sue and Tony" she said.

Ann went on to explain they were soon to travel to Tony's family for the weekend and will be passing near one evening. They could call in for an hour for the purpose of 'sizing each other up'. What are they like I asked. O, they are nice. He's a teacher and she a nurse. They are about 30 years old. 

"That's OK by me – I'll look forward to meeting them" I said to Ann.

Ann had to point out to me that she and her friend have made rules for that evening when they arrive. Her and Sue will discreetly 'weigh up' the situation and privately report back to me and Tony. Also if one says NO, then its NO to all of us. I understood and agreed for the two women to sort it out. 

Ann spend the next 30 minutes telling me of her exploits with them before we met. There's one exploit Ann told me of that was very horny. About the time when both Sue and Ann were kneeling down on the edge of the bed, with their arses in the air, and Tony going from one pussy to the other. Ann said he was fair at sharing the spunk because when he cum he pulled out and squirted it over both our backs.

This made me very horny indeed. His he bigger than me? I asked. About the same length but he's a bit thicker. His he un-cut I asked. Ann laughed and went on to explain that he's got part foreskin. My partner felt I should know that she was not sure that Tony was bi-sexual. If we have a foursome be careful with him, I would not what him put-off, were her comments.

I helped Ann with the dishes and gave my apologise, having to travel to see my family. Her last words were 'don't forget – Mark!!!' 

Two days later I got back home at about 2-30pm. Listen to the phone messages. There was one from Mark, asking if I was doing anything one evening. I undid the suite case and put dirty clothes in the machine, made a brew, then relaxed in my favourite chair. As I held the mug of tea, I pondered the idea of fucking Mark on my two sitter settee.

I looked at the clock, it was 4pm. I picked up the phone and rung Mark's number. The phone rung for a long time, I was about to hang up when I heard 'Hello'. It was Marks voice, I recognised it.

"Hi Mark, its Joe, I'm returning your call" I said. 

We talked for a while then I 'popped the question'

"How do you fancy coming over – bring a video – if you like" I pointedly said.

He went on to say that he's courting strong now, and it would be difficult. I thought he's giving me the 'cold shoulder'. He went on to explain that he and his girl are away on holiday for two weeks. We consulted our diaries and the only date was today prior to his holidays.

Mark asked "Do you have a shower unit". 

"Yes I do" I said. 

He went on to explain that if he came around at 5-30. Then after he will need a good shower before meeting the girl friend at 7pm. Its OK by me I told him.

I tidied up a little and went for a shower. In the shower I had thoughts about being in the shower with Mark, washing his back, rubbing my body up against his, then slowly going down on him. I had a terrific 'hard on'.

I resisted a 'wank', finished my shower, got dressed and then put the coffee on. It was now 5-15. I rang Ann and told her about Mark coming over soon. 'I'll be in bed when you come over to give me 'the details' - she said.

Then a knock at the door, I opened it and invited Mark in. He was snappily dressed due to him meeting his 'girl' after we have finished. Mark is tall and a little over weight, about 180 lbs. Dark hair with a pony tail.

"Hi, Mark, what's with the pony tail." I said.

"It makes a change - and she likes it" he said. 

We sat on the settee and caught up with gossip. We spoke about our 3some with Ann, all the things we did to her. 

"She looking forward to another session" I said. I noted he was getting aroused as we talked, shifting arse in his seat. His legs opened a little and leaning over towards me putting his left hand on my thigh.

"Shall we start then – its nearly 6pm." He whispered.

We stood up to un-dress. I indicated that I would like to un-dress him. He stood with his arms by his side. I pulled is jumper over his head and it dropped to the floor. 

Yes-I said "you have a nice body, smooth skin with a little hair just below the belly button".

I knelt down onto one knee, lifting his feet up one at a time to remove the shoes and socks. He held my head for balance with his right hand. Shoes and socks removed he placed his hands back to his side. I slowly slid my hands from behind his knees up to his thighs. I looked at his groin, my face no more than 4 inches from his now big bulge that was showing through the Levies.

He had a wide leather belt on. He must have remembered how much I find leather belts a 'turn-on'. We didn't say a word or make a noise as I un-buckled that belt. I slid the belt end from the buckle allowing both ends to hang down. I slid my hands over his bulge and started to un-button the top of his pants, one button, another and then the last one. 

I slowly slid the zipper down, it seemed to make a loud noise, the only noise in the room except for the fridge in the back kitchen and the ticking of the wall clock over the fire place. I raised my hands onto his waist and began to slide them down taking the pants down with them. Mark moved his body a little to assist me. As the Levies slid below the thighs they then fell to the floor making a little noise. Mark made a quiet exhale, but kept still.

With my hands back up on his thighs, I could see his boxers, they were light red in colour and tight fitting to his torso. I could see his raging hard on and a little wet patch by the knob end showing through the boxers. I moved my face closer touching his man meat with my nose. I could hear Mark's breathing deepen and looking down at me. I worked my nose up and down from his balls to the tip, rubbing and smelling his man scent, he put his right hand softly onto my head, rubbing his fingers through my hair. Mark muttered 'this is nice' and squeezed my head into his groin. I was in heaven with anticipation of what I was about, I should say hoping to do to him on the settee. 

He asked to un-dress me. I stood up and as he un-buttoned my shirt, starting with the top button and working down, he looked into my eyes with anticipation behind a faint smile. While standing he undid my trousers letting them drop to the floor. The air was electric between us. We ever spoke a word. He slid my under-pants down to the floor. I kicked off my shoes. We stood facing each other, I now completely naked with a 'hard on', he still with this boxers on.

He raised his arms and put them over my shoulders in a embrace, I slid my hands down from his chest until I reached his boxers, I put my thumbs either side and kneeling down on one knee slid down the boxers exposing his hard member, it twitched as I looked on.

I could not help but to say "what a gorgeous site" – "what a lovely dick you have Mark" as I looked up at him. His smile broadened. I let my nose touch and then slide up his cock, sniffing his aroma , my nose passed over his knob end wiping up the pre-cum. I Started to lick him from the balls along the back of his cock to the tip. I noted his foreskin draw back as his cock grew some more. He put both his hands on to my head, pushing my face into his groin.

"Yesss – O yessss" he gargeled. 

Suddenly his legs started to shake.

"On the settee" he whispered.

I stood up, he put his right arm around my neck I held his cock with my left as we walked to the settee just six feet away. He laid back on the settee with me on his right side. I leaned over and started to suck his right nipple, his arm reached down my back, his hand cupping my bum. I moved, and kneeling with my left leg on his thigh the other on the settee. I moved my mouth and licked his left nipple, as my left hand worked is dick up and down. As I was enjoying this, I felt his finger squeeze onto my anus. I moved a little to allow him more access. His finger moved inside me, he started to kiss the back of my neck.

"This is lovely" I said.

He moved his body down a little so his bum was over hanging the edge of the seat, then he opened his legs. I slipped my hand down onto his balls and fingered his anus.

"Get down in front of me" he said.

I slid off the settee, knelt down in front of him with my hands stroking his opened thighs. I can see his anus for the first time. It was nice and neat with no pucker, he's not been screwed, - yet!. He suddenly lifted his legs into the air and lay his feet onto my shoulders. I could see all – even his seam that runs around the centre of the body between the legs was easily seen. I lowered my head and put my lips over his cock head.

"Yes – Ooo – yes" said mark.

I slid my hands down to his bum, my thumbs spreading his anus. I run my tongue down his dick, flicking from side to side down to his balls. I sucked one then the other ball. I slowly run my tongue down his seam to his anus. I noticed he had some kind of nice smelling cologne on. I realised he had come prepared for this, he wants me to do this, I do hope he will let me fuck him soon. I stiffened my tongue and pushed into his hole, he groaned and put his hands onto my head, pushing me into his arse.

I lifted my head up and reached out for the KY jelly. Mark kept one hand on my head while I lubed up my finger, then he lay back putting his hands behind his head that was looking down at me. As my finger entered his hole he griped my neck with both feet saying 'Yes – Aaaa'. He was tight so I slowly pushed my finger in until I got to my knuckle, I held his cock which had released a lot of pre-cum, as I worked his foreskin up and over its tip, I started to rotate my finger in his arse to open him up in preparation. 

I do what to fuck him, I promised Ann I would, but I'm not yet sure he will let me. I angled my finger so as to put pressure on his prostate gland. O Yes – I said to myself this worked, he suddenly levered his bum off the settee using his legs on my shoulders.

"God – Yes – " he gasped.

I stopped working his dick, I did not what him to cum yet and spoil it for me. With my finger doing wonders to his arse I reached up and started to pinch his left nipple. Without warning he blurted out-----

"Put your dick in me. – but don't cum inside me" Mark uttered.

"OK – I won't cum inside if you don't want" I whispered.

I released my finger, he took his feet off my shoulders and put them to the floor. And lay there with his arms by his side. I stood up between his legs and started to apply the jell to my now very hard cock. I worked the jell all the way down my shaft, putting plenty on because this was Mark's first time. I was in heaven knowing I will be the first to break his virginity. I thought – 'I must be careful with him, also I must not shoot my load in him'-----

As I stroked plenty of jell on my dick, I could see him watching me. I now realized he is the type that likes to be sexually submissive. I lowered my body down between his legs, with my hand on the settee back for support. I held my dick with my right hand and found his little pucker straight away. I then put both hands onto the settee back, laying my chest on top of his, and applied a little pressure to his arse hole. I waited a few seconds for him to relax.

Suddenly my cock popped in a few inches.

"Oooo – Aaah" he said.

He was nice and warm inside. I slowly pushed my cock until it was all the way in. I could feel my balls against his arse. I kept still, feeling his anus contract and dilate. I moved my hands, putting them around his neck and my face next to his. He started to nipple my left ear, he then tongued around my neck. I started to slide my dick in and out of him, slowly at first, then a little faster. Mark slid his hands down to my arse cheeks He had now relaxed his anus completely for me. So I speeded up the stroking.

"O – Mark, this is lovely – God I'm going to cum soon" I whispered in his ear.

"Yes – your filling me up" he whispered back.

I held his pony tail with my left hand, pulling his head in such away at to want to kiss him. At the same time I angled my trusting dick in such away giving maximum affect onto his prostrate gland. This did the trick.

"Oooo – Cum – Cum inside me – now" he stammered.

Hearing this send me over the top. I moved his head so our lips were close together and he started to French kiss me. Our tongues lashed together, he pulled my arse into him as I cum. My spunk squirted inside him, wave after wave of my white stuff went deep inside him. As my climax passed I slowed down and stopped. Laying still on top of his chest out of breath.

I slowly lifted myself up and could see my cock sliding from his anus, it came out with a 'plop'. I went down on him and tongued his arse until my spunk started to ooze out of him. We looked at each other with a smile. I thought to myself ' we both enjoyed that'. 

"What would you like me to do with you now" I asked.

"In the shower" he said.

I lead the way to the shower cubical holding his dick. The cubical was the type that will easily take two people. I turned the hot water on, we both got in and soaped each other up. We soaped our backs in turn, then Mark turned the water off saying 'its my turn now'.

He ordered me to get down onto one knee facing his very hard dick. He explained that he wants to cum over my face. I thought to myself 'I've never done that before- but there's always a first time'. Down on one knee I held onto his thighs. He put his cock into my mouth. I worked my mouth up and down this hard dick. Mark started to moan.

"Yes – Ooooo – yes" he growled.

I increased the pace on his dick. I just could take him all the way. His knob end nearly gagged me at the back on my throat.

"Ooo – I'm starting to cum" he said.

He then put his left hand onto my head, and with his right hand he drew his cock out of my mouth, holding it 4 to 6 inches away from my face. He worked his dick quickly as I held his balls with my right hand. Then it happened.

At first a dribble of spunk came out of his pee-hole making a hanging string some 3 inches long. He worked his dick a few seconds more, then the first wad of cum shot out landing across my face from my right eye to my lower left cheek. Then the second string landed in my hair and on my nose. His legs stated to shake when the third wad went straight into my mouth.

"Yes – yes- yessss" he exclaimed.

He stopped pumping his cock, so I slid my mouth over it and felt it going soft.

"God – I needed that. That's the best blow-job I've ever had" he said.

We got dried and dressed. Mark noticed the time, it was 6-45.

"I will have to go now. – I'll love to do this again" he said. 

"I look forward to the next time" I said.

Will you be OK going to see the girl friend now, O yes I will be OK after I re-charge my batteries. I let Mark out and phoned Ann up to say 'it went well'

"Then come over now – I will be waiting for you in bed" she said.

I thought to myself 'this is getting hard work – but enjoyable work'