 I had jacked off with a male cousin when I was younger, but the first time I gave head was in college. I was taking a shower at school after working out. The shower room was large, and there were about four guys taking a shower at the same time I was in there. Eventually it was only me and one other man. I noticed right away that he had a very big cock. I couldn't stop looking over at him, and eventually he noticed me eyeing his dick. He began to soap up his crotch, and his cock started to stiffen. I was openly looking at him now, and my own cock began to get hard also. 

Guys came and went in the shower room, so we had to continually stop and act normal, but whenever we were sure there was no one was there with us we stoked for each other and made our cocks hard. I followed his lead and acted as though I was washing my dick and balls, but mostly I was openly jacking off for him while I watched him stoke his huge cock. 

As the room began to be occupied by more and more people we both turned off our showers and headed to the next room where our towels were hanging. There we stood very close to each other and again played with ourselves when we knew no one was looking. 

I had never openly shown any sexual interest in another man other than the few times I played around with my cousin. Seeing his cock stirred up feelings that I'd never felt before. I whispered to him as we dried ourselves that I wanted to meet him somewhere after we got dressed. He didn't say anything and headed to his locker where his clothes were. I went to mine and put on my clothes. I was still feeling butterflies in my stomach over what I had just experienced, but I felt a little relieved that we didn't get caught, and that he didn't take me up on my offer. 

As I walked out of the gym into the parking lot I saw him standing there as if he were waiting for me. He asked me if I wanted a ride. Again I felt a tickle in the pit of my stomach, and I walked over to his car and got into the passenger side. He didn't say a word as he started the car, and when he pulled out of his space, he turned in a direction that I knew did not lead to the exit. He instead drove his car around to the part of the parking lot that was on the back side of the building. He parked in a space that was far away from any of the other cars and shut off the motor. 

He mentioned that we were now alone, and he asked me what I wanted to do. I had trouble forming my words, but I explained to him that I was got very turned on looking at his cock and I really wanted to see it again. He unbuckled his pants and opened his fly. Once again I saw his cock as he pushed his underwear down and pulled his dick out. 

I moved closer to him, and began to rub my hand over the head and shaft, and I could feel him responding almost immediately. It was if he wasn't even there except for his cock which became even bigger and harder than it did in the shower. As I jacked his big dick up and down, I could feel some unseen force pulling my face toward the head of his cock. I began licking the head as I stroked, and put as much of it in my mouth as I could. I could feel his body sinking back into the car seat as he began to moan quietly. I kept my mouth and tongue on his cock, but I switched hands so that I could stroke his balls as I jacked him off. I knew just what to do to make his cock feel good as I lapped at the tip and swirled my tongue around the head of his dick. I stopped stoking a few times to cover the entire surface of his cock and balls with my saliva as I licked up and down his stiff cock. 

As I worked on his dick he softly whispered to me how good it felt. He shocked me when he said that he had never done this with a man before. I assumed up to this time that he was gay, and it turned me on even more to realize that we were both experiencing something new and unfamiliar. This drove me to suck his cock faster and stoke it with more force. I made sure that he could feel my tongue moving in my mouth as I pumped his dick with my mouth and lips. 

I could hear his breathing change, and I knew what he was feeling. As I suspected, he said that he was going to cum. But he didn't whisper this time. He began to moan out loud, and the louder he got the more turned on I became. When I felt his body begin to tremble, it suddenly came home to me that I had a man's cock in my mouth and I was sucking him off. I noticed that my own cock was very hard as I realized that I was going to cause a man to have an orgasm in my mouth. I sucked faster and harder. Up until now I knew what he was feeling, and it was such a turn on to be the one on the other side of a blowjob. 

But having a cock cum in my mouth was not a feeling I had ever had before. I became impatient as I sucked. I wanted his dick to spurt. I hoped he would cum a lot like the guys did in the pornos I had watched. I wanted to taste and swallow his sperm. I wanted to make him feel as good as possible. I wanted him to cum in my mouth. 

He didn't disappoint me. Just before he came he groaned so loud that anyone nearby would have certainly heard. Both of his hands went to the top of my head as his body began to tremble. I noticed that my mouth was suddenly much wetter than it had been. Then I tasted him. When I realized that he was cumming in my mouth I paid more attention to trying to feel the blasts of sperm. He began to push his hips up toward my mouth instinctively, and as he came he fucked my mouth. I began to suck harder, and realized that my mouth was now full of cum. I had to swallow as I continued to stroke him with my mouth, but I also began to feel his cum running down my chin and neck. As he came he let out a loud groan that made me know I had just made another man feel real sexual pleasure. 

I was so into the moment that he had to hold my head to stop me from sucking and licking his now sensitive and softening dick. I looked up at him panting and licking my lips. I had licked my own sperm off my fingers before, so the taste was not that new, but I was very aware that even though I swallowed a couple of times during his orgasm, I still had a large pool of his cum in my mouth. I moved my tongue through it and felt and concentrated on the taste before I swallowed in a way that he could see. He sat in the car seat panting and looking down at me. One of his hands was still on the back on my head. His dick was now flaccid and lying across his thigh, but there was a small bead of sperm on the tip. I still had his balls in my hand, and I realized that I was still caressing them gently. 

I realized that I didn't feel guilty or self-conscious like I sometimes do after jacking off, and my cock was still hard in my pants. I sat up in the seat, opened my pants and pulled my hard-on out of my underwear. I closed my eyes and began to masturbate. 

Even though I've sucked a lot of cocks since then, it still gets me hot to think about this experience while I jack off.