 In my younger, wilder days, I'd meet guys at the local ABS. Well, by "meet", I mean I blew them through the glory holes. I didn't want them in my booth or to go anywhere with them for personal safety reasons...I didn't want to get my ass kicked or worse.

I'd go infrequently during the week...maybe once or twice, suck a dick, then head home. On the weekend, however, I let loose my inner slut. I'd usually suck anywhere between five and ten guys over the weekend. My personal best was fourteen, and my lips were raw when I finally got my fill. 

I always spit, never swallowed. I didn't mind the taste, but couldn't bring myself to swallow a guys cum until I met Robby.

I was sucking a real nice cock through a glory hole one Saturday morning. He was about 6 inches, kinda thick, with a big mushroom head. I was really going to town on him, expecting him to explode in my mouth at any second when he suddenly pulled out of my mouth. On my knees, spit dripping from my lower lip, I was confused until I heard him say, "I'm coming over."

A shock ran through me. I looked, and in the flickering light of the video saw that I hadn't locked the booth door. I was clumsily scrambling to get to my feet, made difficult because of the wet slick floor, when it swung open and he slipped inside.

He was older than my 20 by a good decade or two, shorter than me, and seemed fairly fit. He hadn't bothered to tuck his cock back into his pants, and it bounced slightly as I stared at him.

He really didn't give me time to react, stepping up to me and placing his hand gently on the back of my head. My mouth opened on it's own, and in no time he was pressed against the back of my throat. I'd learned to control my gag reflex a long time before, but the suddenness of it caught me off-guard and I choked/gagged on him for a second before he pulled back.

He started pumping himself in and out of my mouth, his hand grabbing a handful of my hair and guiding my head with it. I wasn't blowing him as much as he was fucking my face and for some reason that REALLY turned me on.

My own dick was hard as a rock until he said, "Let's go to my place." Scared, my dick wilted as he pulled himself out of my mouth, pushed his hard cock inside his pants, and pulled me to my feet by my shoulder.

I wanted to protest, say "no", but when my mouth opened I was shocked to hear me say "OK" instead. He half-guided, half-pulled me out of the booth and out of the bookstore to the parking lot. 

I tried to pull away to go to my car, but he gently but firmly led me to his. "I don't want you changing your mind," he grinned. I knew I shouldn't, but I found myself climbing into the passenger seat of his car.

As soon as he pulled out of the parking lot, his hand grabbed mine and placed it on the bulge in his pants. I felt embarrassed, thinking that anyone could see me doing it, but that didn't stop me from stroking him the whole time he drove to his house.

It didn't take long before we were in a nondescript, cookie-cutter subdivision...you know, the kind where every fourth house is the same design. He pulled into the garage, waited for the garage door to close, then led me into the house.

As soon as we got into the living room, he pulled his shirt, shoes and pants off, and suggested I do the same. I'd never been naked with a man before (or with a woman, come to think of it), and I hesitantly undressed down to my underwear. When I finished, I saw that he'd taken his underwear off but had left his socks on.

I was about to drop to my knees when he surprised me by pulling me against him and holding me close. Feeling his man-heat against my chest felt pretty damn good, and I damn near came in my underwear when he bent his head down and started kissing and nibbling my neck. Damn, that felt good!

His lips traced from my neck to my cheek, then to my lips. My mouth opened voluntarily as his tongue slipped inside. Honestly, I never wanted to kiss a man. I just wanted to suck their dicks. But I submitted to him, luxuriating in the sensation of my first kiss.

As he kissed me, his hands slipped inside my underwear and cupped my ass. My dick throbbed, and pressed against him like I was I'm sure he felt it. He fondled my ass as the kiss went on, until he broke it and gently pushed me back onto the couch.

Sitting in front of him, I was at the perfect height. I leaned forward and took his cockhead between my lips. He groaned slightly as I slowly slid my mouth down his shaft, then groaned louder as it pressed up against the back of my throat.

Having his cock in my mouth put me back into my comfort zone, and I started sucking him with a vengeance. He let me for a minute or two, then his hands found my head again and his hips started driving his cock in and out of my mouth.

He kept moving forward, pressing me into the back of the couch. I was trapped between him and it, helpless as he pistoned himself furiously between my lips. 

Now, I love sucking dick, but having my mouth fucked like that, and being kind of helpless in the position I was in, got me really going. I slid my hand down, and on the first stroke of my dick I exploded in my underwear. It was probably the most intense orgasm I'd ever had in my life, and he was gentleman enough to slow his cock's onslaught of my mouth while I came.

After I finished, he resumed fucking my mouth. I felt a little sideways twist in his thrusts and realized that he was about to cum. I heard he say through what sounded like gritted teeth, "Gonna cum baby...swallow me."

The first shot went straight to the back of my throat and, horrified at myself, I instinctively swallowed it. The second pulse gave me as much as the first, and by the time the third rope splashed against the back of my tongue I was swallowing willingly. Even though I'd just cum, my dick throbbed at the idea that I'd taken his cum into my belly. It was such a turn-on that I wondered why I never swallowed before.

He kept his cock in my mouth until his throbs stopped, then slowly pulled it out. Squeezing it, he produced a pearl of cum at the tip. I leaned forward, licked it off, then swallowed it too.

He sat down on the couch next to me and put his arm around me. Idly playing with my exposed nipples (which turned out to be nice, too), I embarrassingly asked his name and gave him mine. We had a nervous (on my part) conversation there on the couch where he told me that I was the first guy he'd ever brought to his house. He ended up with his hand on my cum-soak, underwear clad dick. I saw his cock start to thicken again, and I started to harden again.

"Let's take this to the bedroom," he said, standing and holding out his hand. I was nervous, but at the point where I'd let this man do anything he wanted to me. I took his hand, and he pulled me from the couch and led me to his bedroom.

There were more firsts that day and in the days that followed with him: me getting fucked for the first time, my first orgy, my first gangbang, the first time I got my dick sucked by a woman. But those are all stories for another day.