 [Note: Based on some actual events. Careful with NSA sex, reality is different than fantasy.]

***

I just started getting back to the gym, working out again after a knee injury from running. As a runner, I just hit the gym for some light weights and cardio and was surprised at how many of the guys there were really into working out to become pumped up, pec'd out, six-pack ab studs. Inspiring but intimidating too. I have more of a tall lean, runners build. After about two months of going to the gym mostly in the morning, my work schedule gave more time late at night. So I started going to of the gyms in my gym network in the city didn't close until 1:00am. I'd get there around 11pm, do some cardio-workouts and weights for an hour, hit the steam shower for a few minutes than shower and go home. I noticed that a lot of the guys in the steam room were clearly checking me out as I walked in and sat down with my towel covering me up. They sat with their towels open letting it all hang out.

I mentioned this to my girlfriend, and she told me that one of her gay friends had told her of his adventures at the gym and that the guys were probably just cruising each other, i.e. looking for sex partners for some quick NSA (no-strings-attached) sex. She told me with a wink and a smile "Watch out, they might start hitting on you next."

"Don't worry." I said "I think they're all just looking for those six-pack studs."

"Actually, those six-pack studs like topping thin, lean guys like you, sweety." she replied, kind of laughing.

"Topping? What do you mean?"

"You know" she said "they're on 'Top'. They are the "pitchers", the "bottoms" are the catchers. They fuck their little bottom boys. Come on haven't you seen any gay porn?'

"No, actually I haven't."

"Well I have, and it can be hot. I bet you'd look pretty hot getting fucked by one of those big studs." I started to blush and she said recovering for me "I'm just kidding. Don't worry, those guys probably aren't even interested in you."

"Now I feel rejected." I joked back at her.

"Let me be your little bottom." she said with a smile as she got to her knees, unzipped my pants and took my now semi-hard cock from my pants. "All this talk HAS gotten you excited. Let me help take care of you." and she put my cock in her mouth and started to twirl her tongue around the head, then sucked in my shaft with a slow sensual rhythm.

As she sucked me off my mind wandered. I couldn't get the idea of going in the steam room and sucking one of those guys off. She sensed something and asked me what I was thinking about. I lied and said I was just thinking of her mouth on my cock. She said 

"Sure you are" she said with sarcasm.

Then she stripped down and bent over the couch and told me to mount her. I slid my cock into her wet pussy from behind, and started to pound away. I was still thinking of the guys in the gym, sucking cock and "NSA sex" in general. She looked over her shoulder and said teasingly "This is the way guys like to fuck each other. Pretend your fucking one of those studs baby. Pound me hard."

she started breathing heavily.

"No, harder!" she panted.

That was all I needed to hear and started to really fuck her, grabbing her shoulders and sinking my cock as deep and hard as I could. With each thrust she let out a beautiful moan. I was getting caught up in the fantasy going on in my head and I heard my self exclaim "take that you hot fucking stud" just before I exploded in one of my best orgasms ever!

"That really turned you on, baby." she said as she smiled and kissed me.. "We'll have to play that game again." I agreed. It was hot.

As she left that night she said "Things don't always go the way you want in real-life."

"Hmmm?" I said, as I kissed her good night. She just smiled back and waved goodbye.

I went to sleep. However I had trouble sleeping that night, with images of cock-sucking, flooding my thoughts.

Over the next week I was more aware of the sexual tension at the gym. Guys were checking each other out on the gym floor. I'd never realized it before. I would just check out the babes. But I realized this cruising happened all the time. After I thought about it, it made sense. Guys are so horny, they are thinking about sex all the time.

A couple of nights ago I got to the gym so late I only had time for a 30 minute workout, didn't even think I had time for a shower. One of the guys who was checking me out on the leg-curl machine told me that although they shut down the gym floor you still can get cleaned up. I was a little tired and could use a steam. 

So I entered the steam room and there was quite a sight. Three guys with their six pack abs where sitting down. Two where stroking their large hard cocks with towels folded up on the floor right in front of them. I could see what that was being used for as the third guy had another smaller, skinnier guy in kneeling in front of him giving him a blow job. I was floored! I almost ran out of there, when one of the guys looked me in the eye and said:

"Come here, it's OK." As I approached him he took my hand and guided it to his knees while still stroking himself. "You want to play with it don't you?"

"Well, I .." I stuttered.

"Don't worry, it won't bite" he said as he replaced his hand with mine. I was mesmerized having never touch another guys cock before, let alone a hard one. His cock was truly enormous and much bigger than mine, which became apparent when he pulled my towel off making me as naked as him. He reached up and fondled my ass with surprising tenderness and clear lust. I knew exactly what he was after. He was checkin my ass out on the leg-curl machine. I still couldn't believe I was stroking his cock and didn't really notice that he guided me onto my kneed on the towl in front of him. As I stroked his cock I felt his hand on the back of my neck guiding my head forward to his cock.

"I've never done this before." I said.

"Don't worry, I think you'll be really good at it." he smiled back

I wasn't sure I wanted to suck his cock, but who was I fooling. I was naked on my knees in front of him with my mouth inches away from his large manhood. I opened my mouth and closed my eyes as my lips closed in around his cock. The taste, the texture and the smell where all new to me and amazingly arousing. I didn't take me long before I was doing all the things my girlfriend did to me. Licking, sucking and stroking his cock. I was trying my best to suck in as much as I could. I'd never realized just how hard it was to deep throat a cock, and I wasn't making much headway. But I was turning him on and kept thinking that I wanted to be sure that if I was going to suck cock, I was going to be as good as I could at it. I heard moans of pleasure coming from him and knew what was working. He really liked when I got too much cock in my mouth and started to gag. The gagging made my eyes tear up a bit too. I looked up at him from my kneeling position on the floor through my watery eyes and he just beamed a big smile back at me.

"Come on, suck it in until you gag again. I like hearing you gag." he said.

"OK" I moaned in between sucks as I looked up at him though my moist eyes.

"I've got a hot, eager-to-please little bitch here tonite." He said to his friend next to him. "Pedro, why don't you let him suck on you for a while."

"OK, Dan" Pedro said.

With that I moved to the next towel and the next cock. Pedro's cock was amazingly bigger than Dan, about the same length, but thicker. I gagged on this and Pedro has me stop for a second. Open up and say "Ahh" and with that he forced my head all the way down his shaft and I took the whole thing in. I struggled a little as his hands held my mouth down and he encouraged me by telling me to breathe through my nose slowly. I started practicing and he let go of my head. I managed to take in a lot more cock in each bob of my head and he thoroughly enjoyed it. In order to do this I had to get on all fours.

I'd almost forgotten the other guy getting a blow job until I heard him moan and come in his partners mouth. I looked over and saw him bend down and kiss his partners mouth before they got up. I got a couple of swats on the ass from them as they walked out of the steam room.

As Pedro was getting more excited he said "Yeah, that's right bitch, suck my fucking cock. suck it you hot fucking bitch. suck it good."

I couldn't believe the effect this was having on me. I loved being called his bitch. Just as I was wondering where Dan was, I felt his hands caressing my back and ass and then his fingers started exploring my crack and rubbing my tiny hole. Knowing what he wanted got my cock hard. He stroked me a little, but got back to what he REALLY wanted. My ass.

"Are you gonna give this up to me baby?" he said indicating my ass as he dug a finger inside me for emphasis. "Huh? You got such a tight little hole. I was kind enough to let you suck some cock for the first time, maybe you want to let me pop your cherry? Baby, do you know how good you look with Pedro's cock in your mouth. You'll look even hotter with my cock in your ass."

As Dan fingered me with one hand he gently fondled my ass, thighs and cock, really turning me on. I was getting sweet-talked to, just the way I've talked to girls when I've tried to fuck them up the ass.

"You have a perfect ass. Perfect for fucking. I bet you never realized that." Dan said "You could have any guy you want with an ass like that. What do you say, huh?"

All I could do was let out a little moan.

"I think that was a yes" said Pedro in between his deep breathing. "Here's the lube, Dan. " he said as he took a condom and tube of lube from under one of the towels and handed it to Dan. "I wanna hear our new friend here moan like a little bitch."

"Huh?" I said.

I looked at Pedro and he smiled. "Don't worry, you'll love it. Now shut up and keep sucking my dick you little ho'".

I re-doubled my efforts on his cock. My eyes watering up as I forced more and more cock down my virgin throat. I felt the cool application of lube on my ass as he inserted not one but two fingers up my butt. All I could do was moan in pleasure. Pedro was right I was going to love it. Dan started finger fucking my tight virgin ass for a while. I felt him stroke my prostate, which make me feel like I was about to cum, but not quite.

"Yeah, that's it. Ride my fingers. Ride them like you'll ride my cock. Yeah, baby yeah!" Dan taunted me. He continued to fuck and twist his fingers into me. Then abruptly he stopped. Next I felt the head of his cock resting against my ass, and he said "Just take it easy baby, press back against me. Deep breathes, easy does it."

Slowly I started to press back against him and surprisingly enough I felt his cock head slip inside me and I could feel the pain shoot through my body. I wanted to scream out but Pedro kept me mouth around his cock. I wanted to push his cock out of my ass, but Dan held my hips firm and continued to press into me.

"Don't worry, just relax, you'll get used to it. It'll start feeling really good soon, baby." Dan kept saying.

"Urgh. Oomph, Argh" was all I could get out as I kept breathing in.

Dan started to slowly pump in and out of me and the pain did subside. He applied more lube and then he really started to pump my ass with his rock-hard cock. He was right it felt incredible!!

"Yeah, baby that's it. Take my cock. Take it like a bitch. We had you pegged when you walked into the gym tonite. Pedro and I were saying 'Let's get that bitch in the steam room and ride his perfect, tight little ass.' And here we are fucking you silly." Dan said.

I heard our thighs slap together with each thrust of his cock.Our balls were slapping each other and his cock was sooo deep inside me I thought he was going to come right out of my mouth, I couldn't believe it could feel so good. I was panting and moaning. Pedro kept forcing my head on his cock and I could feel Dan growing bigger and finally he stopped pumping and heard him cum inside me. He pulled out and Pedro pulled his dick from my mouth, got up and took Dan's place.

Now Pedro's cock was much thicker and it took a little encouragement to get it inside me. But like Dan, Pedro started pumping away. Fucking me with wild abandon. He gave nice long deep thrust compared to Dan shorter and faster thrusts. I was getting ganged banged in my first guy-on-guy experience. At this point I didn't care and my moans grew louder.

"That's it, moan like a little bitch, you cock-whore,. I bet you're just a closeted fag. I bet you've been thinking about this for weeks, every time you came to the gym." Pedro said with a sadistic laugh. "Tell me you are a little cock whore, come on tell me."

I couldn't believe he was going to make me say it. Wasn't it obvious, but it was still very hard for me to utter out loud. To admit to myself.

"Yes, I am" I said.

"You are what? asked Pedro.

"I'm you're little cock-whore."

"I can't hear you." He said.

"I'm you're little cock-whore!"

"Louder" He said.

"I'm you're little fuckin' cock-whore! I'm you're little bitch." I said, knowing he had broken me. Knowing I was his.

"Yeah that's right." He said. "Are you coming back here tomorrow night to please us again?"

"Yes, I am. Just take me, fuck me! Please!" I said in between moans and gasps.

"Yeah, that's it bitch, take this." he said and came inside me.

He pulled out and left me there in a sweaty puddle, a heap on the floor of the steam room.

"Clean up and you come over to my place." He said and smiled.

I looked up at him, what was I gonna say. My hard on was still rock hard and I had just submitted to him. I was HIS bitch. We both knew it.

"Sure, " I said "let me jump in the shower and I'll be right out. As he left, Dan slapped my ass.

"You're a hot piece of ass. See you tomorrow." Dan said with a smirk. "Have fun with Pedro tonite."

I smiled to myself in the shower. I couldn't believe I had just been taken, and that I thoroughly enjoyed it. I had sucked a guy. I was just fucked in the ass. What would my girlfriend say? This was better than the best sex I'd had with her. Did that make me gay? Did I have to tell her? Would she like to watch? With all these thoughts rolling through my head, I met Pedro at the front desk in the gym and followed him home.

(to be continued?)