 One of the best days I ever had with my wife, sexually that is, is when she watched me suck a cock for the first time. At the time we were married about 15 years and from the beginning she had always said to me she would like to see me with another guy. Little did she know that I actually craved to have sex with a man. Earlier in my life, before being married, I had experimented with gay sex a few times as a teen.

As it so happened, my wife and I were returning home from a movie, it was about 1:00am and she wanted to go park somewhere and give me a blow job like we use to do before we were married. I guess the film got to her, whatever it was I did not mind a bit. We went to a park a little out of our neighborhood, we pulled to a dark spot and started to neck with some heavy petting. Hey, I was with my wife, I figured that I had no worries as if I were with another woman. After a short time, I say about 10 minutes, my cock already in her hand, she went down and started to blow me. I laid back and decided to enjoy myself. Suddenly, I felt a presence to my left and to my surprise there was a guy standing next to my door, he had his cock in his hand jacking off. To be safe, I stopped my wife immediately and told her that we needed to leave the park. To my surprise, my wife called out to this guy asking him to join us in our car. At first I was a little reluctant figuring not only that she wanted a second guy, but this guy could be a serial killer. Well, I guess thinking with the wrong head, I decided to let this guy sit in the rear seat with us being in the front seats.

To my surprise and without any hesitation, this guy hopped into our car. My wife then asked me to do what she dreamed of for years, wanting see me to suck a man's cock, and right now this guy's cock. Truthfully, I was so hot by then, I would have sucked off a baseball team of cocks. 

I was surprised again and dumbstruck when this guy eagerly accepted my wife's fantasy because he happened to be in the park that night looking for gay sex anyway. Nervously, I climbed over the front seat and into the back seat of our car. This guy, I never even got his name, already had his pants opened, his dick out and was eagerly in position waiting for my drooling mouth to do its nasty work. With a one, two, three, I engulfed his cock with my salivating mouth like I would eating a banana.

Within moments, this guy was moaning and thrusting his hips upward trying to get every inch of his cock into my hungry mouth. All this while my wife was watching us by peering over the front seat. At that same time she had her finger inside her cunt yelling and encouraging me to "suck harder and harder." I did, believe me, I did.

Suddenly this guy's thrusting and quivering stopped. He grabbed hold of my head, held it in place, then moaned loudly as he shot his seamen into my mouth. I did not hesitate for a moment knowing exactly what I wanted and craved for; I began to swallow every tasty drop of his sperm. Once he finished shooting his load into my mouth, he got up and out our car so fast that I was left there still on my knees. I was fingering some of the cum that splattered onto my cheeks by pushing it into my mouth. I did not want to waste any.

With my "lover" gone, and my wife hotter than a pizza oven, she jumped over the front seat and began to attack me, fucking and kissing me wildly like she has not done in years. As we kissed and fucked, she commented to me that she could taste the flavor of cum in my mouth and that she knew it was from the guy I just sucked off. When she said this to me, I became so hot and bothered that I could not even speak; it made me so hot that after shooting my load into her pussy, I helped myself to a cream-pie snack. 

Since that time, I have sucked other guys with her there and sometimes without her there, but always enjoyed a juicy feeding each time.