 Certainly, this event was not my first but it is the most recent and the only one that I was actually with another guy while wearing my new white silky lace panties. I am not a cross-dresser. I am a bisexual male that likes silky lace soft panties on my cock and ass. Oh yes, I still like the female form with soft subtle breasts, round full ass and a wet pussy but I like a well-shaped cock too.

I had seen this guy walking in the mall and we had exchanged glances. I am a straight looking and acting man so no one knows my dark-side. I saw him go into a restaurant-bar connected with the mall. Nervously, I walked in and sat down a couple of bar stools away from him. I did not want to say something stupid like a pickup line, so I ordered a beer and started talking to him about what was on the big screen - football. You know, who was playing and how the QB could not hit his receivers. After a couple of beers, I asked if he lived and worked in the city. 

"I live on the other side of town." 

"My name is Ricky," I said. 

"Hi Ricky, I am called Horse."

Thinking that Horse is an unusual name, I asked if that was a real name or nickname. 

"That is what everyone calls me."

Well I had to ask why. 

"The women and guys call me that because of the size of my cock."

Oh my god! I nearly fell out in the floor. Now I am thinking I have to see this. Somehow, I had a sense that this guy goes both ways like me.

"Do you show it to a lot of people?" I asked.

"Only the ones I have sex with."

Well after more small talk, we exchanged phone numbers for a later meeting. He was interested and so was I.

When I called a few days later to see if he was home and not busy, he said he was sitting around the house naked. Horse said he would be hard by the time I got there.

"Oh no Horse I want you soft so I can caress your balls and lick up and down on your cock to get you hard."

I drove over to his house and he came to the door naked. 

"Can I use your bathroom? I want to change into something soft for you."

I went into his bathroom to take off my clothes. I slipped out of my jeans and normal underwear and slipped on a pair of white shear silky brief panties that I had brought along with me. I took off my t-shirt. So, I just had on my white silky lace panties and socks. I walked out into the living room where he was sitting on the couch. He saw me in the panties.

"OH yeah baby, you are hot and sexy today. Come here and get down on your knees!"

I knelt down between his legs and gently fondled his balls and began to lick up and down his big 9" shaft. I licked his cockhead and all around it. I liked his balls and put his cock in my mouth. Now it was hard. The cockhead was soft but I could feel the hardness of the shaft. Somehow, I was able to get the whole thing in my mouth and down my throat without gagging. His cock had a slight curve and I think that helped me to get all of him in and to the back of my throat. I played with his balls and sucked his cock for a very long time.

"That's right, suck that cock you bad boy, you little panty wearing gurl. Lick it good and suck on it."

"Lick my balls. Don't forget my balls!"

I put my hand down in my panties and began jacking myself off, while I was sucking his cock and licking his balls. That really turned him on more. I was licking every drop of his pre-cum. I also felt mine own pre-cum and my panties were getting real wet.  

With my pre-cum on my fingers, I smeared it on Horse's cockhead and then teasingly licked it off as I looked into his eyes. I put his cock full in my mouth and rolled my tongue all around.

"You are my little panty wearing cocksucker slut. You bad boi."

And I loved it. I sucked his cock and jacked off my cock until I came with a moan and a shudder. He reached down to feel my panties all wet with my own cum. 

"Oh, you little horny bitch. You have already shot your cum in your panties. Suck on my cock harder, faster. I want to cum in your mouth now!"

He started jacking himself while I had my mouth on his head swirling my tongue all around it. I knew he was close and when it was time I put his whole cock in my mouth and grabbed every drop of his cum. I could taste it and smell it. It was sweet and kinda salty like I remembered cum tasting. I got every drop and swallowed it all. Then I licked him clean. He loved it. 

"You are the best cocksucker I have had in a long time."

I still had my cum-soaked panties on and I stood up and turn so my ass was face him. I backed up, bent my knees, and put my hands on his knees. I started to do a lap dance rubbing his still hard 9-inch cock against my panty-clad ass. This was a real turn on for him and me. I did the lap dance and teased a little while then I turned around and took off my cum-soaked panties. I gave them to him as a reminder of our sex today. I think he might have fucked me if I kept up the lap dance. It did feel good to me to have his cock pushing against my ass. When we get back together, I may let him fuck me there.

So now, I am a big cocksucking whore.