 There I was, laying on my back as Tom straddled my chest and fed his flaccid cock into my willing mouth. I picked up my head to be able to suck him into me. I actually sort of liked the softness of his cock in my mouth like this. I swirled and sucked his cock, almost playing with it for the moment. Then I remembered that I needed to stop just enjoying the play time and get him hard. Tom wasn't going to leave until he came in my ass again and I needed him out of the house before my wife came home!

I started sucking harder and, even though he had just shot his load a few minutes before, he began to harden.

"That's it cocksucker, make me hard. You know you want my cock back in your ass!" Tom taunted. He was right. I did. 

In no time his cock was hard in my mouth and he kept pushing it in, enjoying the head.

"Yeah, suck it. God I love a good blow job! Keep sucking me off, bitch!"

I wanted to protest, to tell him to take it out and fuck me and get this over with before I got caught. But there was no hurrying Tom. What did he care? He was going to enjoy his bitch!

So I kept going. I continued to suck on his bulbous head and thick shaft as it slid in and out of my mouth. Each pass through my lips coated his glistening cock with more saliva and just helped it slide in easier. Thankfully, that should also help it slide into my ass easier.

Of course, "should" is not the same as "would."

Tom finally pulled his cock free from my suction and I thought we were going to begin the next fucking. But again, I was wrong. Instead, Tom moved further up my body until his ass was now over my face instead of his penis. 

"Eat my ass, baby!" 

I could see him straddling my face, stroking his cock as he looked down at me and waiting on my tongue to lick his puckered hole. Ironically, I would die to have my wife in this very position commanding me to do the same thing. I love when she sits on my face -- a rarity -- and I love the taste of her brown hole -- something I've only been granted access to a few times when she's been drunk.

I spread Tom's cheeks and extended my tongue. I made a quick first contact and then slid my tongue over his ass hole. 

"That's it, lick it! God, you really are a slut, aren't you? Is there anything you won't do?!" 

I really hoped we weren't going to try to find out the answer to that question in this visit. I continued to lick his ass as he ground it down onto my lips. It was a little on the hairy side, but still tasted wonderful. I missed licking ass and this would have to fulfill my craving for now. And Tom was certainly enjoying it as he stroked his length while I ate his hole. 

Embarrassing me, putting me in my place, was bringing him great pleasure. Tom began smacking my forehead with his stiff cock as the tip of my tongue tickled his hole. He found this quite amusing and laughed as he struck me several times with his instrument. But he quickly stopped and began lifting one leg up and over my head. I was torn between being relieved and disappointed that the analingus ended. 

I quickly was able to figure out which was my true emotion though as he wasn't satisfied with the licking yet; he was simply repositioning. He turned around and was now straddling me with his ass facing me instead of his cock.

"Better access," was all he said. I knew I was expected to continue.

From this position I grabbed his ass and spread his cheeks and resumed lapping at his hole. His brown eye started opening a little and I responded by slipping the tip of my tongue inside a little. Then he moved off of me.

"Stand up and bend over the bed," he commanded.

I did as he said, bending over slightly and placed my hands on the bed for support. He walked behind me but instead of being satisfied with the position I was in he pushed me in the middle of my back, forcing my chest onto the mattress. He held me there, hand still pushing my back down, while he kicked my legs open more. 

Tom was standing behind me stroking his cock as he began rubbing my asshole with his other hand. I moaned at the contact. I loved having my brown hole massaged. 

"Reach back with both hands and spread your cheeks open," he commanded. 

I complied. I rested all of my weight on my chest and pulled my cheeks open for him. I couldn't imagine being in a more vulnerable position. Tom moved his finger, bent over and spit on my asshole. His finger then pressed against my hole again, but this time instead of rubbing it, he pushed his finger easily into my used hole. He repeated the process pushing a second finger in to loosen me up. He spit on me a third time, but now I felt his cock head resting at my entrance. 

The forward pressure increased as he started working his cock inside me. Given that he had just impaled me, it didn't take much effort to do it again. He was soon working his entire length up my shoot, pushing me forward onto the bed with each thrust and rocking backward each time he pulled out. My hands were still spreading my ass open for him until he grabbed my wrists for leverage. 

"You like that?" he asked, as he sawed in and out of my behind.

Christ, he knew I liked it.

"Fuck me!" I responded. "Fuck me harder." 

Part of my response was survival, I was trying to get him to deposit his load before my wife arrived home. But part of it -- possibly the bigger part -- was that it felt great. I loved feeling the veins of his shaft as they pulled against my rectum. I loved feeling his bulbous head brush past my prostate. 

He put both wrists into his left hand, controlling me, as he stroked his entire length in and out of me. He then spanked my ass with his right hand. Thankfully, the spanking wasn't too hard. I'm not really into pain, but it was enough to just sting a little to have some fun. 

His hips were slapping against my ass as he continued to rail into me. He was so deep inside my ass and I was sure he was getting close to coming at the pace he was fucking me at. 

He pulled out of me suddenly. "On your back," he said, finally releasing my wrists. 

I climbed onto the bed, spread open my legs and rolled hips toward my stomach a little to give better access to my puckered hole. Tom climbed onto the bed and slid back into my missionary style. 

"Keep your legs spread wide like that," he told. He was in a half push up position and looked down between our bodies as he fucked me.

I looked down and watched, too. His veiny cock slid in and out of me in a steady rhythm. He pulled out each time until his bulbous head hit the ring of my hole and then pushed in deep into my rectum. The ridge at the top of his cock head slipped past my prostate with each stroke and it had my cock leaking precum even though neither of us were touching it. 

He was fucking my ass like I was his woman, my legs spread wide open and his cock pounding in my opened hole. I was amazed at how quickly I had learned to love being on the receiving end of sex. Don't get me wrong, I still wanted to use my cock, too, but fuck this felt good. But as much as I wanted to lay there and keep enjoying the sensations spreading through my body, I was still cognizant that my wife would be returning fairly soon and this needed to end if I wanted to stay married (which I did). 

"Fuck me, stud," I moaned. "Fuck me hard. Pound my ass. Yes. Yes. Yes! Fuck me like your bitch. Fuck me with that big cock."

"Yeah? You like that?" he responded. "You like your ass being used? Take it bitch!"

He shifted his positioning, pulling my left leg up over his right shoulder and now practically laying on me. I knew this position. This was a position I loved to finish in and hoped that he did, too.

His pace increased as he screwed my raw ass. As good as this felt in my ass tough, him laying on me meant my cock was finally feeling some friction, too. As his cock rocked back into my hole, his stomach slid over my shaft. Fuck, now THAT felt good. 

"Harder, Tom," I said. "Harder. Oh yes, fuck, yes. Mmmm." 

"That's right, you love my cock," Tom started. "Take it deep. Take it so deep inside of you. You love it, don't you? You're gonna let me fuck you any time I want, aren't you? Tell me." 

"Yes," I replied.

"Yes what?"

"Yes, I love it. Yes, you can fuck me again," I answered. "Damn it, fuck me!"

It really did feel amazing. His hard cock rubbing my prostate, his stomach rubbing my shaft, I was in heaven. And I was unable to hold my orgasm in any longer. I came between our stomachs, feeling the sticky liquid spread between us. 

"Oh my God, yes!" I screamed as I climaxed.

"That's right, bitch!" Tom exclaimed. I'm fucking the cum right out of you. Damn, you must really love my cock."

He pushed his shoulder harder into my leg as he tried his best to get even deeper inside of me. He was panting. Heavily. Both because he must be getting tired as long as he had fucked me and because I was sure he was getting close to cumming, too. My ass hole had spasmed when I came, gripping his cock tightly. 

"Fuck yes," he said into my ear. "Your ass is so hot. You want my cum?" he asked.

"Yes, I want it. Give it to me."

"Where do you want it? Tell me, slut?"

"In my ass," telling him what he wanted to hear. "Cum deep inside my ass!"

And with that, I felt the first rush of his seed explode from his cock deep inside my bowels. He pushed as deep inside of me as he could and I felt his member pulse over and over as he spilled his seed inside of me. 

As men are want to do, Tom laid on top of me as he let his cock expel the last of his jizz as his penis deflated inside of me, just as I often did after fucking my wife.

My wife! Fuck, my wife! I almost forgot she should be walking in any moment! 

"Ok," I finally said, "You got what you wanted. You've gotta go now."

"Ok, ok," he responded, "a deal is a deal."

He rolled off of me and started to get dressed. I dressed, too, and we started walking to the door. We were approaching the door when I saw the knob turn, the door push open, and my wife walk in. She jumped a little, startled that we were standing there.

"Oh geeze, I didn't expected someone to be standing there!" my wife said before introducing herself. 

"Nice to meet you, I'm Tom"

"Oh. nice to meet you, Tom," my wife replied politely. "I'm sorry, I don't know that my husband has mentioned you before."

"That's alright," he said. "We just met recently. But I think we've hit it off pretty well and will be hanging out more often, so you'll probably see me around more."

"Hi babe, glad you're home," I said to my wife, relieved she didn't arrive a few minutes earlier. "Let me walk Tom to his car and I'll be right back in."

As we got outside, Tom whispered, "Can't wait to fuck your ass again, bitch." 

I said nothing.

"Oh, and your wife's pretty hot. I think I'm gonna need to fuck her, too. I think she's gonna like seeing my thick cock fuck your ass and then feel it inside of her, too. I'll be in touch real soon." 

With that, Tom drove off and I walked back inside the house.

"So, you've made a new friend," my wife said rhetorically. "He seems nice."

"Yeah," I responded as I felt some of his cum leak out of my ass. "I think you'll probably see him over here again."