 My wife had just returned home from her trip as Tom was leaving. Suddenly it hit me, our bed was still a mess from Tom fucking me. 

My wife gave me a quick kiss and let me know she had to use the bathroom after travelling. She headed to the bathroom right there on the main floor, giving me time to clean up.

I grabbed her bags and rushed upstairs. I dropped them as soon as I entered our room and darted to the bed to straighten up. 

"Honey," I heard my wife, "where'd you go?"

"Brought your bags up for you," I replied. 

I finished smoothing out the bedspread just as she came in.

"Thanks sweetheart," she smiled at me. "I'm gonna take a shower."

That now gave me time to clean up better than just smoothing over the bed. I stripped the bed to wash the sheets. We washed our sheets every weekend so this wouldn't be out of the ordinary to my wife. After getting the sheets into the washing machine, I went and wiped down the living room carpet where some of my cum had dripped earlier. It had started to dry by now so my wife wouldn't have seen it, but it was cum in the carpet ... it still needed to be cleaned.

I heard the shower shut off upstairs just as I finished. Crisis averted! 

From there, the rest of our weekend continued on as normal, as if nothing else had happened. And so did the next week. I went to work and spent my evenings just like any other week. There was no word from Tom at all, not even the following Saturday. 

Then, about an hour before I was to head to bed on Sunday night, I checked my email and I had a message from him. It said simply:

"Text me. Now." And there was a cell number.

I hesitated for a minute as I considered not responding. Who was I kidding? I texted the number provided, letting him know it was me, and waited for a response. My phone chimed shortly thereafter. I opened the message and there I saw a picture of Tom's hard dick along with a message: 

"Ready to get fucked by this cock tomorrow?"

"I can't. Working," I responded.

"Working my shaft," came the reply. 

Then another, "You will call in sick. I am fucking you tomorrow. This is not a question."

I sat there for a few minutes, dumbstruck, weighing my options. I had work that needed to be done. This man couldn't just decide when and where he could have me. As much as I ended up enjoying my first anal experience with a man, I wasn't sure I wanted to do it again. 

But damn, it really did feel good ... If I didn't keep this up with Tom now, was I going to take my chances finding another man if I decided I wanted cock again ...? That's a risk on several levels ... My cock was stirring as I debated in my head ...

"Ok. See you tomorrow," I responded.

"I knew you'd come around. Fuck you tomorrow," came across my phone.

I was horny now so I rushed into the bathroom and lowered my shorts. I pulled up the picture of Tom's cock on my phone and started jerking off, thinking about him inside of me. I got and idea. I set the phone on the counter, licked my middle finger on my free hand, and pushed it up my own behind. I finger-fucked my brown hole and jerked my cock furiously as I built toward and orgasm. As I got close to climax, I stopped thrusting my finger in-and-out, instead curling the tip to rub my prostate. 

That did it, that sent me quickly over the edge! A couple more tugs and I shot ropes of cum on the bathroom vanity. When the last drops of cum stopped, I pulled out my finger, washed my hands, cleaned up my mess, and went to bed. 

I woke up the next morning and went through my normal routine so I wouldn't arouse any suspicions from my wife. As soon as she left for work I sent my boss an email that I wouldn't be in today. I then texted Tom that the coast was clear. 

Twenty minutes later, I finally received a reply.

"On my way. Go find a pair of your wife's black panties, used if possible, and put them on. Wear nothing else. Leave the door unlocked and wait for me in your bed," read the instructions. 

I unlocked the back door and went upstairs. I searched the hamper and found a pair of black thongs (my wife doesn't like panty lines and only wears thongs), stripped, and slid them on. They were very tight, but being an in-shape guy, I was able to get them on. 

I laid on the bed and waited. The anticipation was killing me! Finally, I heard the door open and footsteps climbing the stairs.

"Good boy," Tom said as he entered the room. "You followed instructions well."

Tom leaned over the bed and gently stroked around my shaft with his fingertips. I felt a tingling sensation and my cock started to grow inside the panties.

"Fresh or used?"

"I got them out of the hamper," I said.

"Nice," he moaned. That obviously turned him on a little more than if they had been freshly washed. 

"Get up and undress me," Tom commanded. 

I did. I stood before this man and lifted his shirt above his head. I then reached down and unfastened his belt, undid the top of his fly, unzipped his jeans, and pulled down his pants. I slipped off his socks as he stepped out of the pants. Then, lastly, I hooked my fingers into the waistline of his boxers and pulled them off his body. I stood up and waited for my next instructions. 

"You know what you want to do," Tom said, looking into my eyes. That struck me. Not what he wanted me to do, but what I wanted to do.

With that, I dropped to my knees. I grabbed his semi-erect dick, stroked it a couple of times and started sucking him. 

"That's it, cocksucker. Get me nice and hard so I can fuck your tight little ass."

I felt Tom's cock hardening in my mouth again. One hand stroked his shaft while I sucked and the other grabbed his ass for leverage as I sucked his now engorged cock. I pulled my head back until I felt his mushroom head hit my lips and then slid forward feeling his shaft run across my tongue. My own cock was now fully hard, straining against the cotton of my wife's panties, and it hadn't been touched at all.

Tom put his hand on the back of my head. He wasn't trying to get me to deep throat him, but was humping along with the pace of my sucking. I was slobbering all over his shaft, greedily sucking this thick cock. He was right, I did want this!

I sucked that hard cock for about five minutes, getting turned on hearing Tom moan in appreciation. Suddenly, he pulled out.

"You know what else you want," he said matter-of-factly. Again, what I wanted ... 

I made no hesitation, got to my feet and climbed into bed. I laid on my back and spread my legs open.

"What a good slut," Tom said. The bed creaked as he climbed on, too. On his knees, he moved between my legs.

"What do we have here," he asked jokingly as rubbed my ass hole through the fabric of my wife's thong. "A tight little pussy waiting to get fucked?"

The question was rhetorical and he pulled the material over to the side, exposing my waiting hole. 

"Put my cock where you want it, bitch," he told me. 

I grabbed his shaft and lined it up to my puckered hole, just like my wife would do if I was about to fuck her pussy. As soon as his head made contact he began slowly pushing forward. He was, thankfully, gentle getting me to open up. He would push forward a little as my hole loosened, then backed away as he felt pressing resistance. He kept at the process until finally my ring gave way and let his head pop in.

"Oh yesssss," we both moaned. He worked the entire length in me eventually and started fucking my ass with a steady pace. 

As he got going, he was working roughly half his length into my ass with each stroke, maybe a little more. I looked down and watched his hips move forward and his cock disappear inside of me, and then the hips pull back and his cock reappear. I always enjoyed watching myself fuck women, but I liked watching myself on the receiving end just as much. 

He leaned forward more, practically laying on me now. This blocked my view of the fucking, which was disappointing, but his cock started moving deeper and that was amazing!

"Oh, yeah," he squealed in my ear. "Your ass is so fucking tight! That's it, bitch, take my cock! Take it! You like my cock?"

"Mmm hmm," I replied. That wasn't good enough for him.

"Tell me you love it. Tell me you want me to fuck you."

"Oh god, I love it," I panted. "Keep fucking me. Fuck me harder. Ooooohhhh, fuck yes."

He was giving my ass a good hammering and I loved it. He had been fucking me nonstop for about 10 minutes and my ass was getting raw, but I didn't care. Tom's breathing was a bit labored, but not the kind that signaled an approaching orgasm.

"I'm getting tired," he informed me. "Time for you to do the work."

He pulled out of me and rolled onto his back, his rock hard cock sticking straight in the air. I got up onto my knees, swung a leg over his waist, and positioned myself above the waiting penis. Tom re-entered me easily and I slid down his pole. 

The nice thing about this position meant I could control how deeply he entered me. Most women use this as an opportunity to take the cock shallower, but I wanted it deeper. Tom grabbed my hips and thrust himself upward and I pushed my body down to take as much of his length in my ass as possible. His mushroom head rubbed past my prostate with every stroke and pressed into my guts. I just kept bouncing away!

"Those are some sexy panties you have on, bitch," Tom said. "They really do look nice holding in that throbbing cock."

"Thank you, glad you like them," I replied.

"I bet they look great on your sexy wife, too, don't they?"

"Mmm hmm, they do."

"Too bad she isn't here right now," Tom continued. "What do you think she'd say if she saw you wearing her panties while I fucked your ass"

I just moaned. I had no idea how to really answer that, but the idea of it made me excited.

"Do you think she'd like watching you get fucked by a man? Do you think this would turn her on?"

I started bouncing on his dick even faster. 

"Do you think she'd be excited?" Tom kept on. "Would she be so horny that she'd want to try fucking my cock, too?"

"Ung," was the grunt that escaped my lips as my cock twitched a little.

"Oh, that excites you, huh? You want to watch your wife fucked by another man? You want to watch me spread her long legs and slam my cock inside of her pussy like I do your ass? Tell me."

"Yes," I responded, "that turns me on!"

Tom grabbed my hips even tighter and started slamming into me as hard as he could. Slap, slap, slap was all you heard in the room.

"I'm so close. I need to take out my cock," I announced. 

I pulled the front of my wife's panties down under my balls so they were held in place. My cock was bouncing up and down wildly now that it was free. That actually felt amazing! Pre-cum was dripping out of my cock like a faucet as my cock flung around uncontrollably. 

"I'm going to cum," I announced. "Oh fuck I'm going to cum."

"Yeah, slut," Tom said. "Pretend your wife is watching. Show her how you can cum without even touching your cock! Show her how much you like dick - my dick! - in your ass!"

I closed my eyes and imagined it. Imagined my wife right next to me while I bounced happily on this cock. My dick was still swinging up and down, wildly in the air. I leaned back a little bit so Tom's cock head hit my prostate at a slightly better angle and that was it!

Cum started spurting from my cock, flying all over as my cock bounced around. I finally needed to touch it. I stopped bouncing, bent over Tom's body and stroked my cock as my body spasmed and I finished a very intense orgasm. 

Tom was still thrusting deep inside me as my ass muscles gripped his shaft. Finally, he pushed as deep inside of me as he could and held himself there.

"Oooooohhhhh, aaaahhh," came from his mouth. 

I felt his cock twitch and a rope of cum spit into my bowels. Then another twitch and another spurt of cum. And another. And another, until he was finally done cumming. I pulled off of his cock with a plop. My hole was so loose from the long fucking that his cum dripped from my ass onto his stomach.

"Clean me up, bitch," he commanded. I moved and leaned over his body. I extended my tongue and began licking up the ropes of cum that had flown from my cock as well as the pool of his cum that fell from my ass.

"That's good," he said as he got up and began dressing to leave.

"Listen, I'm coming over Friday night. We'll have some beers, have a nice time ..." he trailed off.

Then he said, "And I'll fuck you and your wife. It'll be fun, I promise."

Tom slapped my ass and left. Just like that, he was gone. Well, until Friday night anyway ...