 At 24 I had been curious for some time about what it would feel like to suck a cock. I was pretty sure I wasn't gay, but the idea of doing it got me really hot. I started surfing around on the internet some, reading gay porn, even watching some. And that only made me more interested. So I started placing personal ads on some sites and chatting late at night. One night I found a guy in my area around my own age who was looking for some discreet action, so I messaged him.

ME: Hey there...

HIM: Hello. Your profile says you've never sucked cock, do you want to?

ME: Yes, I think so, but I'm nervous.

HIM: Don't be nervous, it's a great feeling having a hard dick in your mouth.

ME: Have you sucked a lot?

HIM: A few. I'd be happy to show you how.

ME: Do you have your own place?

HIM: Yep.

ME: Why don't you send me your phone number and if I get up the courage I'll call you.

HIM: Alright.

ME: By the way, my name's Mike.

HIM: Nice to meet you Mike, Drew here. Call soon.

So he sent me his number. Two nights later I was out with some friends having a drink. When I left the bar it was pretty late and I was pretty buzzed. Instead of driving home I pulled out the slip of paper that had Drew's number. I couldn't believe what I was about to do.

"Is this Drew?"

"Yeah."

"Mike here. Want some company?"

"Absolutely. Now?"

"Now or never," I said, knowing that was probably true.

Drew gave me directions to his house and within minutes I was parked outside. I sat for a minute, thinking about whether or not I could go through with this. My hands were sweating and I had a serious hard-on filling my pants. I took a deep breath and got out of the car. Drew answered the door, dressed in sweats and a t-shirt. He was about 6' and not a bad looking guy.

"Come on in."

"Thanks," I was practically shaking. I went in and he took my coat and hung it in the closet.

"Want something to drink?"

"Sure." He got me a beer out of the fridge and we sat down on the couch.

"So, you think you're ready for this?" He asked rubbing his hand on my thigh. 

"I'm here, aren't I." He laughed and nodded.

Just then I heard a noise in the other room. I looked over and another guy walked out of what was probably the bedroom.

"Oh, sorry, Mike, this is Justin. He stopped by before I knew you were coming. I meant to tell you."

"Hey Justin,” I said, kind of angry and a little bit scared that maybe I had gotten in over my head.

"So you're the little cocksucker Drew was telling me about."

Now I was embarrassed and nervous, but I had come this far. I wasn't turning back. I nodded.

"Stand up." Justin said. I did as he asked.

He walked over to me and grabbed my cock through my pants.

"You are ready," he said. "Now take off your clothes." With Drew's help they pulled my shirt off and took down my pants. I was now standing naked in some strange man's living room with two guys looking at me. My dick stood straight up in the air and Drew gave it a few jerks while Justin fondled my balls. 

"You're going to do as we say tonight, understand?" Justin asked. Too nervous to speak, I nodded.

"On your knees boy," Justin ordered. I got down on my knees and the two men stood on either side of me. Justin took his cock out and Drew did the same.

"This is going to be a fun night for you rookie," Justin said. "Let's get started." 

I reached up and took a cock in each hand and began stroking them. It was an odd feeling, to hold a dick that was not my own. They were both about the same size. 7" and fairly thick. The inched closer and started rubbing their cocks on my face, I opened my mouth, licking the heads as they passed over my lips. Justin grabbed my hair and pulled my head toward his cock. I opened my mouth and for the first time tasted another man. It was hard, yet still somewhat soft in my mouth. It filled me and I felt a release that I had never felt before, like this is what I was born to do. I took about three inches in and he kept pulling my hair until his head hit the back of my throat. I gagged a little and pulled back.

"Easy," Drew said, pulling me toward his cock, "we don't want to scare him." But I wasn't scared now. I was hot. I knelt there for five or ten minutes, alternating between the two cocks, finding my rhythm and getting used to it. It was fantastic. I licked and sucked on their balls. Tried taking both dicks in my mouth at once. Spit on the heads. After a bit I decided just to concentrate on one guy and finish him off. I was doing a great job on Justin, based on his moans.

"You're getting good rookie. Now put your finger in my ass.” I licked my finger and reached around behind him and felt for his hole. Slowly I word my finger inside. It was so warm and soft, and Justin's moans increased in intensity. So now I was pumping my finger in his ass while he rammed his cock in my mouth and down my throat.

“Yeah boy, yeah, keep going, I'm going to cum in your mouth. Yeah…yeah…" He grabbed my hair and started to pump in and out, it got to the point where it was all I could do to breath, and then me stopped, ramming hard into the back of my throat and I could feel his hot cum shoot into my throat. "Swallow it. Swallow it!" I gagged a bit and he started slowly pumping again, shooting load after load into my mouth. It was a strange taste, but not bad. But there was so much of it that I did gag badly once, spitting what I couldn't swallow out.

"Not bad rookie." He said, pulling his dick out and letting go of my hair. "Lick it clean." I licked the rest of the cum off his dick. It was then I remembered I still had another one to finish off. I turned my attention to Drew, who had taken a seat on the couch. I crawled over and kneeling between his legs, took his cock in my mouth. Pumping up and down with my fist I sucked him, still tasting Justin's cum. I tried to take him deeper and deeper and eventually I could get almost down to the base without gagging. When I got that far, I would hold still there, just letting him feel my mouth and throat closed around his shaft. Drew started to move his hips up and down and I could tell he was going to cum. He grabbed the back of my head with both hands, making sure I couldn't pull away from him.

"Aaaaahhhhhhh..." and he shot his load into my mouth. Just as big as Justins, but thicker somehow. Pump after pump, moan after moan, my mouth filled with heated seed. I kept the load in my mouth, still sucking, moving his load up and down his shaft and letting it slide out from my lips down his cock. He wiped the cum up with his hand and held it toward me.

"Lick it off." I did.

"Good work. It's your turn," Drew said, sliding onto the floor and putting me on the couch. He started sucking and I closed my eyes, knowing that with all this excitement I wouldn't last long. Just as I was about to cum, there was a knock on the door. Drew stopped and turned around.

To be continued...