 Hi everyone. I've been reading these hot stories for some time so I figured I should post one myself. This story is true and still turns me on today. I hope it reads well I never wrote a story before.

When I was 20, I was in my third year at college in the City of Boston. One day I decided to check out this piano store near my school. I was talking to an older man who worked there and I could tell was gay. I started to flirt with him and found myself extremely turned on by the thought of acting like such a slut. I have always had an urge to suck some cock but to this point I have only jerked off 2 other men in my whole life. 

I asked him if they offered any lessons? He gave me the usually answerer, but I didn't want to really learn so I asked him if "he offered any private lesson" with a devious smile on my face. He got excited and offered me his email and said to write; and with that he left. I was unsure if he got the hint but I know my cock sure did.

After a few emails with not much going on I decided I didn't want to wait any longer. So the next email I told him "I would love to CUM over and have to teach me something new." Again I couldn't believe how much of a slut I was becoming and moreover, how much I loved it.

To make a long story shorter about a week later I found myself knocking on this strange man's door waiting for my life to change. He opened the door with a big smile and welcomed me inside. By this point I should tell you this man was about 50 years old. He had a cool townhouse condo in the middle of the city and led me downstairs. We began to talk about this and that and I was really really nervous because he was only the third man I was going to tell my dirty little secretes; that I liked men and more to the point that I liked to please men.

He finally asked me why I was there and I answered "you know why."

He said "no I don't tell me."

So I said "I want to try stuff with men."

"What stuff" he said, so I turned red and said it's "kind of weird" he said go on "I want to suck on a cock." He told me that's alright everyone likes different things. "do you know what I like" he said. Then he told me he likes to "eat ass" and I laughed. He said what was funny and I told him I haven't showered today (as I left class early to met him) and he said why don't you show me your ass and I will decide for myself. 

I immediately stood up and undid my pants. He said "you like being told what to do don't you?" I said "yes" and he walked towards me. The whole time my cock was rock hard and he asked if I was turned on by being half naked in front of an older man. I moaned and he forced me face down to the ground with my ass facing him. He knelt down and started to rim my ass hole which felt awesome. After ten minutes I couldn't stand it any more and I told him I want to suck his cock. So I got on my knees as he stood up and pushed his pants into my face. He told me to undo his jeans like a good little slut would. I was so excited at this point that after I took off his pants I pressed my face into his underwear and could smell his manhood for the first time. He was creasing my head and telling me to do what came natural. I took of his underwear and his cock spring out, my lips got wet and my heart began to race all over again. I started to jerk it and he told me to suck it like a good little cocksucker.

Every time he called me names my cock got even harder and harder. My first taste of cock was a long slow lick from his bass to the head. I was amassed at how had yet soft it was and the smell was making me week. I put the head into my mouth for the first time and paused. I told myself "you actually have another man inside your body" after that I was sucking him for all I was worth. 

He kept calling me his little whore, fagot, slut, and everything else. Each time I moaned and took more of his cock into my virgin mouth. After what seemed like hours he told me to cum upstairs to his bedroom. When we went inside I could see people across the courtyard in the building. He had big 10 foot high windows and when he put the lights on he said "now my cock sucking faggot suck my cock in front of the window so everyone can see what a good bitch you are. My heart was on fire and I immediately went to work and I didn't care who saw me now; I want the whole world to know I liked no, LOVED sucking cock. 

When I was getting into it I could feel his head twitch and his head grow bigger in my mouth. He asked me if I wanted his cum and all I could do was suck even harder. I wanted no, NEEDED his cum. He moaned and called me a good slut and grabbed the back of my head and held it and before I knew it I could feel his cum shoot out of his balls and into my mouth. After the first few squirts he withdrew his cock and finished Cumming allover my face. I was in heaven eating his cum and getting a facial right in front of his window and I felt my own cock start to cum without even touching it. 

I was spent and totally satisfied. I was a "cocksucking cum catching cum dumpster slut" as he called me and I loved it. 

This was an absolute true story of the first time I became a cocksucking slut, I hoped you liked it. Please respond and let me know.