 ***My name is Ray and the following is the story of how I came to enjoy sex with my own gender. Prior to this night I had had a few bj's from men and enjoyed them but never gave one ... although I did, at times, wonder what it would be like. ***

I was in a bar/dance-hall when I met a couple. His name is Gregg, and his wife is Betty. We sat at the same table and through the evening we had several drinks. I danced with Betty several times through the evening and as the drinks flowed we became bolder with each other ... both on and off the dance floor.

Towards the end of the evening Betty excused herself to go to the ladies room.

Soon as she left the table Gregg said, "Looks like you and Betty are getting along well."

"Yes," I replied, "she is not only a great looking lady but a fine dancer."

He chuckled a bit, "Yes I noticed you two seemed to be molded together." Then he continued, "She is a very sexy woman, and has few hangups."

"I agree that she seems very sexy", I replied. "But I can not say, being that I have never been with her sexually."

"Would you like to find out," Gregg pressed.

I studied Gregg's face to see if he was serious, "Yes I would love to."

"Good when she gets back to the table we will finish up here and go to our place We live only about two miles from here."

When Betty arrived back at the table Gregg said, "Ray said that he will come home with us."

"Wonderful," Betty said with a large smile. She then came closer to me and planted a kiss on my lips. She opened her mouth slightly and licked my lips before breaking the kiss.

When we left I followed them home in my car and parked behind them in their driveway.

We went inside and Gregg switched on a dim light, in the room that turned out to be the living room. 

Betty immediately turned to me, wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me, with her tongue probing my mouth. One of her hands dropped to my crotch and squeezed my rapidly hardening cock.

"I have been dying to see this all night," she stated as she undid my trousers.

She slid my trousers and underwear down as she dropped to her knees. She held my cock and licked the head as she tongued the slit. Then she slowly started a slight bobbing motion with her head as she slowly took my seven and a half inch cock as deep into her mouth as she could. 

Betty took my cock out of her mouth, licked and kissed up and down the shaft. She took my shaved balls into her mouth and gently sucked on them while stroking my cock against her cheek. She returned to my cock head which was running a river of pre-cum. She lapped the pre-cum from the head of my cock and teased the slit. She then took my cock back into her mouth and started sucking, all the while bobbing her head up and down the shaft. The harder she sucked my cock the faster she bobbed her head. I was on the verge of cumming and she sensed it. She backed up on my cock until just the head was sealed between her lips.

I let out a loud groan as I started shooting stream after stream of cum into her hungry mouth. I shot five loads of cum into her mouth and she swallowed it all.

My cock limply lay in her mouth, twitching as she licked it clean. Satisfied that she had got all the cum she opened her mouth and let my cock fall out.

She stood, kissed me and said, "I'll just go slip into something else."

As she left the room I turned and saw Gregg sitting in a chair on the other side. All he had on was a smile and a very hard cock. His cock at just over eight and a half inches is a good inch bigger than mine.

He slowly stroked his cock as he stood and came to me. As he slowly walked across the room to me I could not take my eyes from his magnificent cock. It looked so hard, soft and very proud. He stopped just in front of me, "How did you like your blow job?"

"It was one of the better ones that I have had"

"Not the best," he asked with a wry grin.

"No", I replied. "Maybe the best from a woman but the best blow job I have had was from a man."

"Well maybe I will suck your cock later and you can compare us. Are you saying that you have never been with a man sexually? Not even sucked a cock?"

"No", I replied. I felt butterflies in my stomach as I nervously eyed his cock and knew that tonight will be the night I suck a cock for the first time. I wondered what it will taste like.

I also thought, 'what will i do when he cums? will I take it in my mouth ... will I swallow it.' 

I knew the answer to my questions lay in the way I enjoy receiving a blow job.

There was a short silence between us, Gregg broke the silence, "Would you like my cock to be your first?"

I hesitatingly reached down and took the first cock I have touched, other than my own, into my hand. "Yes" I shakily whispered. Then a wave of self doubt flooded over me and I continued, "I don't know how to suck a cock."

Gregg wrapped me in an embrace and kissed me. It was the first time I ever kissed a man on the lips. It gave me a thrill as he pushed his tongue into my mouth. I found it to be very pleasing as our tongues began exploring each others mouth.

After we broke our kiss he continued to hold me in his embrace, as he whispered with his lips at my ear, "Just do that which you enjoy having done to you when you get your cock sucked."

Gregg led me to a couch and we both sat down. I took hold of his cock and slowly stroked him.

With all kinds of thoughts racing through my mind I finally decided 'it is now or never'

I leaned down to his cock and tentatively stuck out my tongue and licked his cock head. I was surprised at the feel of it, the texture was soft, yielding and hard. I had my first taste of cock and found it to be very tasteful.

I licked his slit and tasted pre-cum for the first time. I kissed the head of his cock, then opened my mouth and took the head inside. I closed my lips just behind his mushroom head and sucked. I received more pre-cum and swallowed. I took his cock as deep in my mouth as I could then started pumping my mouth on his cock. It was the most amazing feeling I had ever had and thought that I should have done this long ago.

As I was sucking him I felt his cock head quiver and he tried to pull from my mouth ... but I would not let him. 

He started cumming and I started trying to swallow all he was giving me, but I could not. I gagged and swallowed all that I could and the rest run from my mouth. I do not know how many times he shot his cum into my mouth but it was many times. When he finished unloading and I had swallowed all that did not spill from my mouth I held his cock in my mouth and licked it clean

When his cock became limp and stopped twitching I let it fall from my mouth. I was in awe of the wonderful taste of Gregg's cum and what I had just done. 

I lifted my head and Gregg pulled me up next to him and planted another kiss on me. His tongue flew into my mouth and he licked every crevice searching out and retrieving any stray cum. 

After we broke our kiss Gregg said, "Are you sure that you never sucked a cock before?"

"No" I replied, "yours is the first cock other than my own I have even touched."

"You are a natural," he responded. "You sucked me like you had been sucking for years."

"Thanks," I replied, "you can tell your friends that you witnessed a cock-sucker being born tonight. Your cock is the first I have sucked and I do know that there are going to be many more.