 This is a true first time I sucked a cock, it happened 5-6 years ago and I still crave a big cock but can't find a regular.

I had called out of work as me and my longtime girlfriend had broken up and I found out she went to Vegas with a friend of hers and got her first black cock, I was jealous and hurt.

I decided to look through craigslist ads, I know what your thinking so cliche, but it's all I had. I was browsing through and never had luck as there were too many flakes or pic collectors.

I came across an ad titled "who wants to service this bull" and he had the most delicious looking cock and three pics to prove he was real. I immediately responded to him and he responded back. He sent his e mail address and said send a pic. After I verified he was real and over 18, ended up being late 40's. He told me, "send this bull your cell number to text." I did as I was told cause I wanted his cock.

He texted me another pic and said send your address, I did it without thinking twice and he said he'd be there in 20. I was so nervous but so turned on. I was finally going to get to suck a cock. I had told him I was nervous and was thinking about bottoming for him and he said he wouldn't force it. He directed me to have porn on which i put on immediately.

As I waited for him to show up I kept checking the parking lot of my apartment complex. Finally I saw a car pull up as most my neighbors were gone and I didn't recognize the car. A male got out and started walking towards my door. I was nervous when he knocked and almost chickened out, but I wanted his cock. I opened the door and allowed him in. He wasn't the greatest looking guy but he wasn't fat and I knew he had a big cock and was shaved smooth which I wanted.

He came in and sat on my couch and pulled his cock out and pulled his pants to his ankles. I immediately stripped butt naked after I saw his cock, it wasn't hard but already 6 inches and thick. He ended up being 8.5 and thick. I started stroking it and said, might as well get on with it. I took the head in my mouth and licked the underside of the head and started thinking of what I like done.

I then started stroking his cock while I took more of him in my mouth. I was so eager to please this man with this huge cock I tried to deepthroat him. I started to gag my set and pulled his cock out and started licking him. I wanted to please him so bad and show him I was worthy. I was stroking him and remembered to lick and suck his balls. He had this big pair of balls and sucked and licked his sack and slapped my face with his cock. I was his whore, his cock had me doing things I didn't think I'd do. I started moaning like a whore and telling my bull I loved his cock and my mouth was his.

He told me I was gonna swallow his cum and I didn't think twice even though it never crossed my mind. I didn't care, I wanted his cum in my mouth. I started to suck him harder and faster with no hands all mouth. My bull told me he was gonna cum and when he did I swallowed every drop. I then licked his cock clean and made sure I didn't miss a drop. When I finished I said thank you and he got up and left. I never even got his name. I was so turned on after he left I jacked off and fingered my ass, when I came I caught it in my hand and licked it off and swallowed it.

I was so turned on by these events I text my bull later that night and said, I need my bulls cock in my mouth again. He text back immediately and said have porn on and be naked. I wanted his cock in my ass so bad, but didn't know if I could do it.

My bull showed up 20 minutes later and I had basketball shorts on with nothing else. As soon as he shut the door I took them off and while he stripped naked I started jacking off and fingering my ass. My bull said I was a good slut and he fingered my ass while I wasted no time in sucking his cock. 

It felt so natural to have his cock in my mouth again, I wanted to do whatever I could to please him and get my reward from his balls. I kneeled in front of my bull from a sitting position and sucked him like a whore.

My bull eventually sat down and I got right between his legs and sucked him. I was so drunk off his cock and sucked it and moaned, telling him I'm his slut and to fuck my mouth. My bull didn't last long this time and rewarded me with a mouth full of cum again which I eagerly swallowed again. He got up and got dressed again and left. I laid on the floor and stuck two fingers in my ass and jacked off and tilted my hips up so I'd cum in my mouth. I ended up giving myself a facial which I took a picture of and sent to my bull.

My bull responded by telling me I'm a good slut and to text him later in the week to come take my virgin ass. 

I never saw him again, I wish I had been more aggressive and gave him my ass. I still think of his big thick cock and regret not sitting on it that night he came back. I hope to one day suck a big black cock. Instead I jerk off to big black cocks and daydream of having a black cock in my mouth. Hopefully one day.