 I had just sucked Gregg and swallowed most of the cum he shot into my mouth. I felt elated that I had finally sucked a cock and I knew that anything that is that good I will be sucking many more.

Gregg and I sat on the couch, he was slouched back and I was resting my head on his chest. I held his limp cock in my right hand as I massaged it and his balls. I was thinking of all the joy his cock had just given me and wondered if all cocks are the same. 

(As an aside note; In the following years of cock servicing I learned that all cocks are as different as their owners. There are big ones, little ones, ones that get ramrod hard and some that stay limp. Big cummers and some that just dribble a little bit out. With that said I never met a cock which I did not like.)

While we sat there I contemplated about sucking cocks and the tremendous joy it gave me.

Betty appeared, wearing a sheer short black dressing robe. With a large smile on her face she greeted us, "I see you two have been occupying yourselves."

"Hi sweetheart," Gregg responded. "Yes we managed to find something to do as we waited for you." Then after a short pause he added, "Ray just sucked his first cock ever. He is a very good cock-sucker and you would have thought that he has been sucking cock for years."

"Yes," I chimed in, "Gregg's cock is the first one I sucked ... but I guarantee you it will not be the last."

Gregg and I both sat up on the couch and Betty wiggled her way between us. She rubbed Gregg's cock as she kissed him. Then she turned to me.

She locked her lips on mine as she gave me a deep tongue probing kiss. Betty then leaned back against the back of the couch with my cock in her hand and Gregg's in the other. Her robe fell open, exposing a pair of very pert tits and a pussy that had just a small patch of short trimmed hair above it.

I leaned down and started kissing, nibbling and suckling her tit. Gregg was busy doing the same with the other tit. I sucked her tit for awhile then slipped to my knees between her legs. 

My mouth found its way to her pussy. I kissed around her mound and licked between the lips. I flickered my tongue on her clittie and I tongue fucked her. Her sweet juices started flowing and I lapped and swallowed all that I could. Betty began bucking her hips driving her pussy harder against my mouth.

Gregg dropped her tit from his mouth and their lips were locked together. I reached over to take hold of his cock and found her hand already there. We both slowly stroked his cock as I continued eating her pussy.

My cock was hard as a rock and I raised up from eating her. I took hold of her ass with a hand on either cheek and pulled her to the edge of the couch. She laid back, her legs spread and her pussy begging for more attention.

I lowered myself down and sank my cock, balls deep into her. I then started slowly pumping into her. She began to hump back against me with each thrust. Our tempo increased and we both were on the verge of cumming. Betty became very vocal, "Yes... yes... fuck ... fuck me...YES ... YES ... FUCK ME ... FUCK ME ... AAAARRRRRGGGGHHH!

Betty had a gigantic climax and I shot my seed into her. My cum squirted into her in three volleys. As my cock started going limp in her, she started milking it with her cunt muscles. Her pussy clamped my cock in place and I collapsed against her. 

We lay like that for a few seconds, "Whew," Betty uttered, "lets go to the bedroom now for more play." 

Betty dropped her robe on the floor as we proceeded to the bedroom. She climbed onto a very large bed and lay on her back with legs slightly open. Greg got on the bed on her left side and I laid on the bed to her right.

Gregg and I both started caressing her body. Betty took hold of Gregg's cock with her left hand and with her right she took my hand and guided it to her moist pussy.

I cupped and gently squeezed her mound of delight, my finger slipped inside her and I felt our mixture of cum.

I slid down between her legs and licked her fresh fucked pussy. I worked my tongue past the lips, licking her fuck hole and savoring our cum. As I busily tongue fucked and cleaned Betty's fuck tunnel, I suddenly felt Gregg behind me.

He reached down and pulled my hips up. With my face and tongue buried in Betty's pussy my ass was sticking up in the air. Gregg massaged my ass cheeks for awhile then played with my puckered ass hole. He bent down,spread my cheeks, kissed my butt hole and then ran his tongue up and down my ass crack. His tongue licked me and he sucked on my hole as he tongue fucked me. This is another new sensation for me and I totally love it.

Gregg played with, kissed and licked my ass. I felt my hole opening and wondered if he was going to try to stick his big cock in me. I was certain that if he did try to put his cock in my ass, it will not fit. Yet, strangely at the same time I realized that I was hoped he will at least try.

I continued savoring Betty's pussy as Gregg continued working on my ass. I could feel my ass hole opening up as Gregg licked, sucked and fingered me.

A sense of disappointment came over me when Gregg suddenly stopped. Shortly after that he was back and I felt something warm and moist being applied to my ass hole and worked inside. He inserted a finger in me, then he increased the number of fingers until he had three of them in me working my hole open as they spread the lube. 

Gregg rubbed his cock-head up and down my crack and centered it on my asshole. He applied gentle pressure and I realized that my ass was opening wider to accept him. Gregg continued applying slight pressure and I felt the head of his cock pop past my sphincter muscle.

With the head of his cock in me Gregg paused. I had no pain,I enjoyed the feeling for a short bit of time then pressed against his cock. I felt his cock open my ass even more as he slid in deeper.

Gregg stood still and allowed me to control the penetration of his cock. 

I stopped licking Betty's pussy and raised my head. With my hands on the bed on each side of her, I supported myself in a bent over position. Which allowed Gregg's cock full access to my ass.

I felt Gregg's balls against me and knew that his cock was fully buried in me. I was amazed that outside of a very little bit of discomfort there was no pain. I felt proud that I was able to accept a cock the size of his. We remained still for a bit as I savored this newly found joy. 

Gregg pulled his cock back some then pushed back into me. He slowly pumped in and out of me and I rocked back and forth matching him thrust for thrust. 

He fucked me with long slow strokes for a very long time, then he increased the tempo of his thrusting. I felt his cock grow a bit harder and the head quiver. He jammed all the way into me and held still as he exploded inside of me. I felt his cock shoot six times as he splattered his seed into me. His cock went limp and twitched a couple of times. My ass muscles voluntarily clasped onto his cock holding it there and trying to milk more seed out of him.

Gregg collapsed onto me and we did manage to somehow get back on the bed.

We lay there, this time with Gregg and I next to each other and Betty the other side of Gregg.

"Wow, that was hot," Betty exclaimed.

"How do you feel," Gregg asked.

With a huge smile I replied, "I feel fresh fucked and it is a very wonderful feeling." Then I added, "This has been a night of firsts for me and I know in the years to come there will be many more cocks that I suck and many that will fuck me. I also am very comfortable with kissing a man ... at least Gregg."

Gregg chuckled as he said, "You are one of the best cock-suckers I have known and I expect you will become the best." Then he continued you are also a very hot fuck." 

Betty sat up and stretched then said, "It is already past dawn and I need to get my beauty sleep. Ray why don't you stay here over the weekend? We can share many more sexy pleasures."

"Yes," Tom exclaimed.

With little more said I stayed the weekend.

**********************************************

Authors note: 

We sucked, fucked and enjoyed many sexual pleasures that weekend and many more times for the next five years. I will be writing about more of these encounters ... and others.

I do hope you enjoy reading what I write as much as I enjoyed writing them.