 This is a true story.

My wife had a friend at work who was gay. He kept asking her to bring me to his place to have dinner with him and his partner. It was getting so it was embarrassing if we kept making excuses so I reluctantly agreed that we should make a date. I wasn’t homophobic in any way, it’s just that I didn’t really want to be spending all night in what I thought would be a camp and shrill environment. I guess the image in my head was one of the Village People at home. 

How wrong I was. Michael opened the door  to the beautiful apartment where he and his partner Chris lived. Michael was  a little shorter than me with close cropped black hair and a twinkle in his eye. My wife instantly launched herself on him and smothered him with kisses – they obviously got on well at work. He smiled at me and shook my hand, “Hi Dave, Janie’s told me so much about you.” At that moment Chris came out of the kitchen to greet us, he’d been preparing our meal for the night and was wiping his hand on a towel. He was a handsome guy, tall with blonde hair and obviously well built. I remember a thought flicking into my mind that Michael had lucked out with this one. “Hi Janie,” he pecked her on the cheek, “hi Dave,” he leaned over and did the same to me. I felt my face flush red and stammered, “Hi Chris, good to meet you.”

“Oh sorry, I forget myself when I’m in my own home,” he smiled, “hope you’ll forgive me for kissing you.”

“Don’t worry Chris,” Janie squeezed my hand, “ Dave doesn’t mind.

We all went into the living room and Michael opened a bottle of wine. I finished my glass quickly, a little nervous about being in the inner sanctum of these two very gay guys. Michael sat chatting to Janie about work and I tried to appear relaxed while I tried to think of something to say.

“So Chris, you look like you work out.” Shit. Why did I say something as crass as that, I felt my face reddening again. 

He didn’t show any notice of  my clumsiness. “Yes I do, but not in the conventional sense, have you heard of isometrics?”

I said that I’d heard of it but didn’t know what it was.

“Here, I’ll show you.” He stood up and beckoned me to the center of the room. “What I do is use my muscles but don’t push against anything but the air – watch.” He crouched and did what I’d call a bench press with one hand.” Put your hand here,” he took my hand and placed it on his chest, then sensing my nervousness’, ”don’t be shy, your wife’s here I’m not going to do anything bad.”

I laughed and relaxed my hand on his chest as I felt his muscles harden.

“So what happens is that if I do this slowly and with enough force it’s like lifting weights without the possibility of straining myself. Here, have a go.”

He made me stand in the center of the room and try the same movement. I glanced over at Janie, feeling a little foolish but she was deep in conversation with Michael. I felt Chris move in behind me and gently place his hand on my chest. “Now, push.” I pushed out with my hand and felt what he was talking about. What I also felt was that he seemed to be closer to me than you would normally expect. Well I thought, there’s probably a different  code amongst gay men, best not react to it again and make a further fool of myself.

“Have a go with the other hand now,” I felt him brush against my backside as he shifted position and put his other hand on my chest.. I found it hard to concentrate now. Something had happened as he brushed against me that had frightened me, I’d felt a faint stirring in my pants. I tried to close it out of my mind as I felt his hand press against my chest. “Now push,” his voice was in my ear now, quiet but commanding. I pushed out and pushed my backside slightly back, faintly hoping to get another tantalizing brush but then feeling relieved when I hit thin air. I must have been imagining it. “Good. There, now you can work out without having to go to the gym,” he winked at me, “unless you want to go for other reasons of course.”

I sat down hurriedly to join in with Janie and Michael’s conversation, gulping back another glass of wine and trying to act nonchalant. Chris went back to the kitchen to serve up the meal as if nothing had happened. Well, nothing had happened, just a stirring of something in my mind.

The rest of the night passed without incident and we eventually left for our own house. When we got there I didn’t wait till we got to bed before grabbing hold of Janie and fucking her hard on the downstairs couch. 

“Mmm, that was lovely”,  she nuzzled into my neck afterwards, “what was all that about Making sure of your masculinity after being with two hunky gay guys?”

I Laughed. “Don’t be ridiculous. You know I’m not into that sort of thing.”

Later that night I awoke with a raging hard-on. I looked over to see if Janie was awake but she was asleep with her back to me. I’d been dreaming about something and it still floated somewhere in my subconscious. I started stroking my cock and felt my balls tighten. Shit – I was almost close to cumming. What had I…oh yeah. I suddenly remembered the dream and saw Chris feeling my cock through my pants. It  should have been a shock but I was so far gone the image made my hand stroke my rigid cock even more.. This was no good – I had to get to the bathroom incase I woke Janie up. I crept out of the bed and went into the bathroom, closing the door behind me. In the half light I could see my naked body in the mirror and with my dream images still fresh in my mind, imagined that I was looking at Chris and stroking his cock. This was just so strange, I hadn’t felt this horny since I was a schoolboy thinking about my busty French teacher.  I want to take his cock in my hand, I told myself, maybe even my mouth. With this thought, I felt my knees buckle and a jet of cum shot out of my cock and sprayed the bathroom mirror which was at least a foot away. That hadn’t happened for a long while and I was surprised and a little worried that the though of another man could have that effect on me. I cleaned up and went to bed but couldn’t get back to sleep. Did this mean that I’m bisexual? The thought had never occurred to me before.

As the weeks passed my concerns faded and I quickly got back into my normal state of mind. It was only one day when Janie phoned me at work that  the idea came back to me.

“Do you remember Michael and  Chris? Well, I know it’s short notice, but do you feel like meeting me after work to go round their place. Michael’s just been telling me that he’s been learning how to use tarot cards and he wants to try his psychic skills out on me.” She sensed me hesitating on the end of the phone line, “he said Chris will cook for us again. He’s a great cook. Remember?”

“Oh, O.K.” I said, trying not to sound too keen, “if you want to.”

“Great, I’ll leave work with Michael dead on Seven. I know you finish earlier, Mike says you can go straight round there, Chris wasn’t working today and he’ll look after you till we arrive. Do you think you can handle that?”

“Yeah – I s’pose so. Trouble is I worked through lunch and I was going to leave early today,” I lied, “do you think he’d mind if I was even earlier.”

I heard her shout something across to Michael and then, ” no, Mike says that’s fine, he’ll be expecting you.”

I put the phone down wondering what the hell I was doing. I could easily clear it to leave early but what was I expecting to happen? Oh well, I went straight to the bathroom to clean up, deciding that I’d go anyway.

Chris answered the door almost as soon as I’d rung the bell. Wearing a T-shirt and jeans and barefoot, he looked relaxed like someone who’d been home all day.

“Hi Dave, Michael said you’d be early, come in,” he opened the door wider and smiled, “I wont try to kiss you today though.”

I laughed nervously. “Oh, I didn’t mind, honestly”
He took my coat and led me into the living room.
“I know it’s a little early but would you like a glass of wine?”

“Sure,” I sat down on the couch as he poured me a glass.

“I’ve just been doing my workout,” he handed me a glass which I took a large mouthful from , ”remember  the way I told you?”

I said that I’d been trying the technique at home and the conversation wandered around the benefits of isometrics for a while. I felt awkward now that I was sitting there with him. Whatever had been in my mind, and I hadn’t even properly formulated it myself, couldn’t possibly have been in his. Here was an openly gay man in a steady relationship. Why on earth would he be interested in helping me find out if I was interested in sex with other men. I decided to just enjoy the company and wait until Janie and Mike arrived, which I now realized was quite a time away, probably an hour and a half.

“Have you been using the same technique for all your muscle groups,” I realized that the conversation was still in progress and that I’d drifted out of it.

“Well, not really. I don’t know how to.”

“Do you want me to show you?”

“Sure, if you don’t mind.”

“No, of course not,” he smiled, “as long as you feel safe here alone with me.”

Was he flirting with me?

“Of course I do,” I smiled, not knowing what message I was giving off.

“Here, let’s stand up.” Chris moved to the center of the room and I followed. “For instance there’s this great one for your stomach muscles that you can do just by twisting.” He demonstrated, twisting slowly as if against an unseen force. “It uses these muscles here,” he patted his stomach. “When you do it you can really see them working. Do you mind if I take my shirt off?” Without waiting for an answer he took off his t-shirt revealing a beautifully firm body. “Now look,” he twisted again and I saw his stomach muscles tighten. “Do you want to try?” 
I was just standing there gawping at him.
He laughed, “what’s up, come on have a go.”
I twisted but nothing seemed to be happening.

“No look,” he stood behind me and put his hands on my stomach, “twist but tense these,” I felt his hands gently push at my stomach muscles. I twisted but I was fighting the fact that my cock had started rising as soon as he took his shirt off.. It wasn’t fully erect but I was worried that he’s see it.

“No, here let me show you again,” he moved round in front of me and demonstrated again. He twisted round and I watched, trying desperately not to notice how good his body looked. My eyes flitted very quickly down past his stomach and I noticed – did I?,  a growing bulge. 

I think he saw me looking.

“It might be easier if you take your shirt off.” 
This said like a challenge.

“Oh, O.K.” I started to unbutton my shirt, telling myself, this isn’t what you want it to be, he’s just showing you a new work-out technique.

“You seem to be enjoying this.” Chris’s eyes were now firmly on my semi-hard cock.

“Oh” I didn’t know what to say. With  his eyes now in it, my cock filled quickly until it was bursting at the buttons of my jeans.

“Do you want some help with that?” he moved tentatively towards me, and sensing my fear, “don’t worry, I won’t tell anyone if you don’t” He reached out with his hand and brushed it against the fly of my  jeans.

I didn’t say anything, just stood there, not sure if I should, but wanting him to unbutton my fly more than I’d ever wanted anything before.

I felt the pressure of his hand now, more forceful than before. He stroked up and down the length of my hard-on and I let out an involuntary groan.

Chris took my hand in his and placed it onto the outline of his semi-hard cock. I felt it through his jeans and rubbed against it, feeling it rise quickly.

“Do you want to take this further?”

I nodded and he led me to the couch where he got me to sit down. I was pleased to be sitting, my legs were beginning to feel weak from the fear and excitement.

Chris knelt on the floor and unbuttoned  my jeans. I’d left my underpants in my drawer at work, hoping that something like this was going to happen. My freed cock shot out and stood to attention in front of his face. It was already oozing pre-cum, which he lent across and licked with his tongue, looking up at me to make sure that I was still sure that I wanted this.  I put my hands on his head and he got the message, I felt his groan of pleasure all along the shaft. as he took my cock into his mouth . His tongue wrapped around me to start the best blow job that I’d ever experienced.

“Oh Chris,” my arse bucked as I fucked his mouth, “that feels fucking amazing!”

He worked my cock till it felt like it would explode but then stopped, taking it out of his mouth and  holding it throbbing in his hand. I sat squirming, looking at him smiling up at me.

“Do you want to feel another man’s cock.”

“Oh yeah, oh God, yeah.”

I hadn’t noticed but he’d already freed his cock and had been rubbing it. He stood up and there it was in front of my face. It looked huge from where I was sitting, a good couple of inches bigger than mine and fatter. I grabbed it and felt it hot in my hands. I was so far gone, I didn’t hesitate in engulfing it in my mouth. I sucked on it and worked my tongue around it in a fervour, cupping his balls in my hands. It felt amazing to be doing this,  My own cock was aching to be touched again but I knew that I was  close to cumming . Chris had his eyes shut and was slowly fucking my mouth, his firm buttocks gently pushing in and out.

Eventually, reluctantly he withdrew and looked down at me, his pulsating cock glistening with my saliva.. “I want you to do something for me, you don’t have to but I’d like it.”

I nodded eagerly.

He leant forward and whispered in my ear, “I want you to fuck me.”

Was this going too far? I just didn’t care, my cock was more erect than I’d ever felt it before.
Chris got down on the floor on all fours, his firm ass pointing up waiting for me. I lost no time in  guiding my cock against his asshole. It felt tight, even hurt a little.

“Now push,” he gasped and I pushed, feeling my cock suddenly bury deep into him. He let out a deep moan. “Fuck me, fuck me like you’d fuck a woman.”

I slowly started moving and it felt wonderful, so dirty, my cock was ready to explode. I couldn’t stand it any longer, I started to pump in and out of his naked ass harder and harder, my balls slapping onto his buttocks, my cock burying deep into his warm hole. He was moaning and  begging me to push harder. I felt my cock spasm and then the long awaited release. I pushed deep into him in orgasm and  pumped so much cum up him that it started to trickle down the back of his legs .when I withdrew my still raging hard cock.

He turned and kissed me, his tongue probing my mouth. I reached down and felt his cock which was dripping with cum. Looking down at the floor I realized that he hat shot all over the floor when I was fucking him.

“That was great. Want to do it again sometime?”

“Oh God, yeah.” I replied, meaning every word of it.

The trouble is that he and Michael moved not long afterwards down to Cornwall and I never got to see him again. I often think of my experience when I’m having a wank but I’ve never dared to try to re-live it. 

Maybe one day.