 I was nineteen, shy, skinny and awkward. Needless to say I was still a virgin and everyone thought that I was simply sexless. But what they didn't know was the kind of thoughts that pounded through my head.

My dreams were filled with beautiful lads, with pretty faces and sexy, ripe red lips. I dreamed of redheads and blondes with snake hips and big, sparkling eyes. Yet too, my dreams were filled with big beefy builders showing their 'builders bums'. And I dreamed also of dark haired stocky lads with menacing-looking faces and chunky thighs and of dark, swarthy men with hairy arms and dark, mysterious eyes. Without my imagination I would have withered away because of loneliness but inside I was alive; I could have anyone that my heart desired and I did, night after night.

And yet, there comes a time when you have to get real. I could feel that my body needed sex. I needed the touch of a man's hands. I needed to know, for real, how it felt to surrender your body to a man's hungry urgency. But I knew that I was not going to get what I wanted here on the island. What I wanted most was someone my own age, someone that I could go out with and hold hands with and kiss and cuddle with. But I was so horny that I knew I would go down on my knees for a grizzly fifty year old if he so much as shook his cock at me. Can you actually die of lust, I wondered.

And then one day this guy walked into the shop I worked in and my heart skipped a beat. He was short and stocky, with bright ginger hair and the most amazing green eyes I had ever seen. He was just on the cusp of being pretty, soon to be a fully fledged handsome man. I noticed that he had just the slightest hint of fluff on his upper lip and chin but his pale cheeks were still smooth. His shapely lips were cherry red, matching the lips in my dreams hue for hue. He stood a good six inches shorter than me, making me feel protective of him and suddenly I got the weirdest feeling inside me. 'This is going to be my first boyfriend.' a voice inside my head was telling me.

I watched him browsing and when he turned around I couldn't help noticing the firm little bum filling out his snug jeans. Yes, I would have preferred him snake-hipped and a few pounds lighter but he was who he was and I was determined to enjoy all of him. I noticed him looking over at me once in a while and I was thinking 'Please God, don't let him be a shoplifter.' I smiled each time he looked over, hoping that I didn't look too goofy or crazed. I mean, who teaches you these things? How is a guy supposed to know how to flirt with another dude? Straight guys have a huge support network but I grew up thinking that I was the only gay guy in Scotland, let alone on the island.

And then he came over and asked a question about a product. I tried to sound knowledgeable but my heart was pounding away inside my ribcage and my mouth was so dry I could hardly speak. He decided he would buy it and I rang up the sale. And now my elation was dashed; our moment was over and soon he would walk out of my life for good.

'Thanks,' he said as he took his change from me 'perhaps I'll see you around.'

'Well, you know where to find me.' I replied.

'Yeah.' he said, then added 'I'm looking for a job so if you know of anything going...'

I couldn't believe my luck! Just that morning the man who owned the store next door asked me if I knew of anyone reliable. I had no idea if my red-head was reliable or not but I would big him up to the stars if I had to.

'I do know of a job vacancy,' I told him 'so if you give me a contact number I'll speak to the guy and let you know what he says.'

'Oh wow!' he replied. 'If I get that job I'm taking you out for a slap-up meal.'

I was tripping, floating away in a cotton-candy cloud when I went to see the owner of the shop next door an hour later to tell him I knew someone who needed a job. I explained to him that Hamish was twenty and had recently moved to the main island to try and find work. Hamish could have been from Mars, as far as he was concerned. All he wanted to know was when Hamish could start.

My hands were shaking when I called Hamish's number. He couldn't believe the good news and told me to tell the man he would be there first thing the next day. I went into the shop the next day during my lunch break and Hamish was as pleased as punch and as handsome as fuck in his best clothes.

'What are you doing Friday night?' he asked me.

'Nothing.' I replied.

'Then you're coming to the pub with me.' he announced.

My knees just about held out enough for me to get back to my own job. I couldn't believe that I had a date, well...a little man-date. I couldn't wait for Friday to roll around so I could spend some quality time alone with Hamish. Just the sound of his name rolling off my tongue was enough to make me hard and over the next two nights I wanked so many times that my cock ached. The poor thing was just about rubbed raw so Thursday I rested it just on the off chance that it might see some action on Friday. But who was I kidding? There was just a certain way that Hamish had about him that told me that he was straight.

Still, that didn't stop me feeling on top of the world when at last we closed up the shop on Friday evening. I stepped outside to find Hamish waiting for me. I don't quite know how to describe the feeling that washed over me. I mean, how keen was he! Even if he was straight he sure knew how to make a guy's heart flutter. This little ginger stud muffin was pushing all the right buttons and I didn't feel quite so geeky and isolated anymore. I had a friend! A hot little dude with a handsome, sweet face and a cute little bum. I almost had a boner right there on the street!

'I thought we could go and have a couple of beers and then a bite to eat.' he said.

'Sure.' I replied, trying to sound casual.

If only he know what I wanted to eat. If he knew how much I wanted to unbutton his shirt and pull it out of those tight little trousers, how much I wanted to stroke his chest and kiss his nipples. And did Hamish know how I longed to drop down to my knees and tug on his trousers and undies until at last that little red bush lay exposed to my gaze. Would he be shocked if he knew how I longed to inhale the scent of his balls and to take his cock in my mouth and peel back his foreskin with my tongue? We reached a narrow strip of pavement and I let him walk in front of me so I could watch his firm, full bum bouncing around in his trousers. Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! This little dude was off the scale of hotness and he was about to give me a heart attack.

We got to the pub and Hamish ordered two pints of ale and found us a table. I liked the fact that it was in a corner, away from the other people in the pub. I sat with my back to the rest of the pub so that no-one could see me drooling over Hamish. 

'So, do you have a boyfriend?' he asked me.

'How did you know that's what I'm into?' I asked him.

'I can see the way you look at me.' he replied.

Damn! Had I been too obvious? 

'Don't you mind?' I asked him.

'Not really,' he replied. 'I'm twenty and wet behind the ears, as they say, so I'm willing to try anything once.'

'But what you really want is a girl, right?' I asked, dreading the answer.

'Yes.' he said. 'But not many girls take much notice of me. I mean, look at me! I'm not exactly a catch. But the way you look at me...it's exciting, you know...I want a girl to look at me that way but no one, apart from you, has ever looked at me like that before so no, I don't mind it at all.'

'Have you ever... you know, been with anyone?' I asked him.

'No, never.' he said. 'How about you?'

'I'm still a virgin.' I told him.

'That makes two of us.' he replied. 'I think we should do something about it.'

'What? You want me to help you pick up girl?' I asked.

'No silly,' he chuckled 'you look at me like you want something I've got so if you're really nice to me tonight I might just let you have it.'

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I had been trying to work out a Plan B, what to do if he told me that he was straight and not interested and here he was offering it to me on a plate.

'Are you bi?' I asked him.

'I don't really think of myself that way.' he said 'If you put a girl and a guy in front of me and ask me which one I wanted I would choose the girl every time. But right now no one is giving me that choice. All that fate has sent my way is this guy, but he is a real nice guy and no one has ever made me feel as special as he has so I'm not going to say no, am I?' 

I was a little disappointed. I would have to readjust my dreams. There would be no happy ever after with Hamish buy hey, you can't have everything, can you. 

'Most guys would.' I pointed out.

'Well, I'm not most guys. I can't command the kind of attention that they do. Most girls don't even seem to know that I exist.' he said. 'I can't tell you how horny I am. I think about sex all the time and I keep hoping....'

'That's just crazy. You're so beautiful.' I said.

He put his hand on mine then. I almost jumped right out of my skin at the feel of his warm skin on mine.

'You're going to get fucked tonight!' he whispered.

Sitting there in that pub with Hamish, feeling tipsy and eating greasy sausages and chips felt like being out on the most romantic date the world had ever known. Maybe he didn't want me but that wasn't going to stop him having sex with me! I couldn't believe it; we were going to have sex! Maybe one day he would have a wife and kids and a mortgage but his first memory of sex would always be one of me.

I was renting a room in a house because, like Hamish, I had left my family behind and moved to the main island to find work. I knew my landlady wouldn't mind if I brought someone back to my room, even if it was a guy. All she cared about was that you paid her on time, and cash-in-hand, so that she had enough money for booze and fags. She was slowly dying from a broken heart and until I met Hamish I thought that too would be my fate. It was sad that he was only to be my springboard to another life and not 'the one' but at nineteen you think like that. You see some cute guy and think you're going to be with him for life.

I took Hamish back to my place and I swear there was a smirk on the landlady's face. She probably knew what I would be getting up to that night. The moment I closed the door of my room Hamish pulled me into his arms and hugged me tight.

'I sure hope you know what to do.' he whispered into the base of my neck.

I chuckled.

'What's so funny?' he asked.

'It's just...you know, the height difference.' I replied.

'Are you calling me short?' he pretended to be cross.

In that moment he was so fucking sexy that I wished I could capture and keep that magic forever. There was a naughty twinkle in his eye even though his facial expression suggested he wasn't amused at me pointing out the height difference between us. How had I had such luck to pull such a seriously sexy little man? It was time to act; I had rehearsed this moment over and over in my head and now was my time to shine.

I didn't answer his question. Instead I unbuttoned his shirt and pulled it out of his trousers just as I had done in my mind's eye. His chest and belly were completely smooth and his nipples were but two tiny pink nubs. All the hard physical work he had put in on his family's farm before coming to the main island had shaped his torso into a work of art. It was as though he was carved from marble and I was blown away by the beauty that I had revealed. I dropped to my knees and kissed his smooth, pale belly while stroking his muscular back. His skin was warm and smooth in my hands, just as I had imagined it would be. I could feel his hard cock crushed up against my chest and it was hard to resist diving in and grabbing it right away.

A beauty such as Hamish needed to be cherished and I kissed up his chest now to worry his little nipples between my teeth and tongue. I'd read and watched enough porn to have some vague idea of what might feel good for my little-man lover. My cock was leaking a river of precum in my underpants and matched his in its throbbing hardness. I broke off my kisses to look up at Hamish. His eyes were closed and there was this most amazing look upon his face. I knew I was definitely doing something right and before this night was out I was determined to please him in a way that he would remember for a lifetime.

I went back to licking and nibbling my way across his defined chest and flat belly, making him shudder when I licked into his belly button. I looked down now at the throbbing bulge in his trousers and could resist no longer. I undid his fly button and lowered his zipper and then tugged on his trousers. He stepped out of them and I tossed them aside. There at last lay the jewel, hidden only by a thin layer of cotton. I teased the fingers of my right hand over the length of his hard cock while my left hand reached round for a feel of that fantastic arse of his. My cock twitched in my undies as his fuckflesh filled my hands and I felt almost faint through the intensity of my lust. I resisted the urge to sniff his balls through his undies just in case he misconstrued my actions. The last thing I wanted was for him to think me kinky, or to think that I thought his stinky yet I knew there was no smell that this gorgeous man could produce that I would ever find repugnant. He was, quite simply, what was sex was meant to be.

I hooked my forefingers in the waistband of his underpants and yanked them down. His musky crotch scent filled my nostrils while his slender, pale cock jumped out and almost slapped me in the face. I was pleased to see that he didn't have a thick cock; it would make it so much easier for me when I impaled myself on his rod. He had a big bush of bright yellow pubic hair that was just the most fucking attractive thing I had ever seen. I couldn't resist any longer and buried my nose in that silky, damp thatch and deeply inhaled his manly aroma. It exceeded my expectations in every way and I had to force myself to withdraw from his ambrosial garden before I shot my bolt. Hamish's balls were big and red and silky smooth in my hand now as I roiled them around, enjoying the heft of those fun bags that would deliver the nectar that I craved. He sighed softly as I played with his balls with my left hand while stroking the silky smoothness of his plump little bum with my right.

His pale skinny cock was up at a forty five degree angle and the head was still covered by its foreskin. I hoped that it would not be too tight to retract and took his cock now in my hand and gently tugged the skin back. Amazingly that tight skin rolled back on itself very easily revealing a very, very red and shiny knob. His cock was just the tiniest bit whiffy but I had already established that he turned me on so much that nothing could be anything but a turn on and so it was with this full-on scent and the tiny little bead of waxy cheese that I saw clinging to the base of his angry looking cock head. I took him into my mouth now and savoured these brand new taste sensations. My first cock! I could not believe it. He bellowed like a bull as my tongue bathed his sensitive cockhead in saliva.

'Oh fuck that feels good!' he moaned.

Nowhere near as good as having that first cock on my tongue, I was sure. I stroked his warm thighs and teased his big balls as I worked his cock the best way I knew how. I could feel his fingers dig into my shoulders and I should have recognized the warning signs but I was too far gone on cock-lust. Suddenly he grunted and I could feel these massive bursts of jizz shooting into the back of my mouth. I swallowed quickly and eagerly so as not to waste a precious drop. I came off him licking my lips and I was surprised when he leaned down and kissed me full on the lips.

'I'm sorry I came so soon.' he said 'but you have no idea how good that felt.' 

'I suppose this is where you get dressed and tell me it was all a mistake.' I said. 

I hated that I sounded so petulant but it seemed like some kind of insurance against a broken heart.

'No.' he said. 'Why would I do that?' It won't take me long to get hard again. Can we lie down on the bed for a bit?'

I climbed into his arms and lay close to him, feeling his hand on my belly. This was as perfect as it could ever get, I told myself: just me and Hamish alone together, naked and relaxed and at ease with each other. We didn't speak; there seemed no need. My cock was so hard that it ached and it was a relief when at last I felt his warm hand close around it. He jerked me very slowly and observed that my cock was somewhat larger than his, both in length and girth.

'I'm glad I'm not taking this up my bumhole.' he said.

'That's what you think.' I teased.

'Yeah, right.' he shot back.

But I think he was really getting into this man-sex stuff. His strokes became a lot more confident while his breathing grew more ragged. After a little while he kissed me on the neck and shoulders. And just when I thought he had reached the apex of his homoerotic passion he flipped me onto my back and took my cock in his mouth. Whoa! It was just the hottest thing I had ever known in my short life. My throbbing knob was engulfed by his warm, slick mouth and he was really going to town on licking me up. His free hand now started stroking my thighs, the way I had done him and then they strayed onto my balls and into my crack. I writhed around on that bed like a porno python when his finger brushed over my virginal pucker. This was what it was all about! I looked down at Hamish's handsome face which was a picture of concentration as he worked my rod. His eyes were closed and it looked like he was really enjoying what he was doing, like he wasn't just doing this to return the favour. My whole body was just one huge pleasure zone; in that moment I lived and breathed purely to be Hamish's toy and I could not get enough of what he was doing to me. But as he pressed his middle finger against my bumhole and it started to give way to the pressure my cock just exploded. I tried to cry out a warning but I was too late. I could feel the pulse of my heavy cum load as it left my cock and flooded poor Hamish's mouth.

'Yuck!' he said as he came off my cock, but I could see by the look in his eyes that it wasn't yuck at all.

'Do you think we could take a shower?' he asked.

'Sure.' I replied. 'My landlady is probably fast asleep by now.'

I asked Hamish if he wanted to go first but he said he wanted to shower with me. I suggested we have a bath instead. I lay back in the warm water and he lay back against my chest. I still couldn't really take in the fact that I had had my first experience of sex but until I felt Hamish slide up inside me I would still count myself a virgin. I kissed his neck and thanked him for pleasuring me the way he had.

'Do you still...you know, want to take it up the bum?' he asked.

'Definitely, if you're offering.' I told him.

'Well that way it will feel like we're not virgins anymore, won't it.' he said.

'That's exactly what I was thinking.' I told him.

We lay in the bath for another half an hour, just enjoying touching and stroking. Hamish told me about his life back home and I told him a little about mine. I had never felt so intimate with anyone, and not just in the physical sense. That feeling that Hamish would be my first boyfriend didn't seem quite so daft now. It was just so easy to be with him.

We dried off and went back to my room. Hamish told me to lie down on the bed and he started stroking my back. Damn, did that feel good! And when his hands stroked lower and lower until they reached my peachy little arse I could tell that he was really getting into this whole experience. He kneaded my bumcheeks like he was working a lump of dough and though he was a little rough I didn't mind. I liked the fact that my arse was turning him on, that he wanted to touch it this way. And then came the surprise. Suddenly he pulled my arsecheeks apart and his hot little tongue was roaming all over my squeaky clean bumhole. I let out a little yelp as pleasure coursed through my body. I could not believe what he was doing but I knew I liked it a lot. I pushed my little butt back against him and felt his tongue probe deeper into me while his fingers delicately stroked my balls. This was too much and I was in danger of spewing.
