 I texted Jamie the day after he buttfucked me for the first time: "Hey, sup?"

No response. A strong ignore. After a second text went unanswered the next day, I thought: Well, fuck. So that's how it works. Fine. I'm straight, not like I'd ever want to do anything with a man again anyway. Just a one time fling, seeing what being bi was like.

Still, I felt a tiny bit butthurt. Both figuratively and literally, my recently virgin ass sore from being buttfucked so hard. But sore in a good way, a reminder of what, let's face it, had been a surprisingly sexy experience being smoothly seduced and then shafted balls deep.

I sent out a bunch of hook up requests over the next few days with various women. The first date went nowhere, that sort of awkward small talk over an old fashioned (and a glass of Pinot Noir for her) with someone who it turned out was only compatible on screen, but in meatspace wanted me to buy her dinner after it was evident she'd never fuck me.

The second woman, Renee, was somewhat plain looking, but from the moment we met she was giving me that look that said she knew I was out of her league, and so she would try really hard to please me. So I took her back to my apartment, and she responded to all the signals that she was ready to fuck - she took off her high heels, indicating she wanted to stay, accepted a half glass of wine to relax her inhibitions, pupils wide open from attraction, tilting her head, touching my arm, spreading her legs a bit - all but saying she would let me fuck her on the first date, and let me do anything I wanted. Soon she was sucking my cock, but I kept thinking of what it must feel like from her perspective as she deepthroated me, let me flip her into doggystyle, fuck her pussy a bit. And finally, to relive vicariously what Jamie had done to me, I fingered Renee's puckered back hole then buttfucked her while she moaned and looked over her shoulder at me and told me she was my dirty girl and I could do what I wanted. I came hard, thinking of how it had felt with Jamie inside me.

I was hoping Renee might be an ongoing booty call for me, but things went sideways as she was cuddling up afterwards, looking lovingly into my eyes, her mousy brown hair tumbled across my chest:

"So, does this mean you're my boyfriend?"

"Hmm?" I said, raising my eyebrows.

She waited, her eyes looking for an answer.

"Wouldn't that be moving a bit fast?"

"Fast? Letting you in my butt isn't intimate enough for you?"

"I think we've got different algorithms for what constitutes intimacy."

She blinked.

It occurred to me that she might not know what an algorithm was. Or how normal relationships developed. Or what my name was. Maybe I should stop fucking total strangers ...

Nah, that's crazy talk.

"I don't wanna fight. Let's just cuddle up and go to sleep. We can talk about when you'll be my boyfriend in the morning."

"Umm ... I don't do sleepovers on the first date."

She took that in, the crazy slowly seeping into her eyes. Or maybe it had been there all along and I was slow on the uptake, ignoring the red flags in a warehouse loaded to the ceiling with red flags. "YOU PUT YOUR PENIS IN MY BUTT!"

"I've had a cock in my ass before and I didn't immediately jump to, oooh, let's go get married, oh, and what's your name again."

"WHAT?"

Five minutes later, she'd gotten past the anger stage of the Kubler-Ross sequence for grief and loss and had transitioned into bargaining about what sexual acts she would offer me if I'd let her stay the night. While I was in the poorly documented "You need to leave now ... no, really, I mean like, RIGHT now ... because I don't do crazy" stage that all the major psych textbooks seem to curiously omit. They really need to update those books, I thought as she yanked on her clothes and stormed out. Make them more relevant to freshmen.

The door slammed. That went well, I thought, reminiscing on that scene from Firefly where Mal winds up naked in the desert.

Prolly no future booty call there, I thought. Unless her algorithm is melodrama followed by angry tearful nonstop make up fucking. Hmm ... knowingly sticking my dick in crazy. That's worked so well in the past, I thought, remembering the chubby schoolteacher French-Vietnamese "girlfriend" who after a few "dates" started letting me fuck her for a nominal fee on weekends, saving up to move out of her mom's house.

***

Several days later, frustrated and horny after a date that went nowhere, I went home and fired up my laptop to jack off to videos of big titted dark eyed women. I'd gotten comfortably naked in bed and started watching something titled "Latina's Colombian Big Ass Gets Fucked Hard" when my cell phone chimed that I had a text incoming.

It was from Jamie: "Can you cum over now?"

"It's been like a week. The fuck?" On my laptop screen, a dark eyed beauty was in doggy style position, looking seductively over her shoulder at some big dicked guy wearing a condom who was rubbing her big sexy butt and lubing her pussy, getting ready to stick it inside.

"Don't be that guy. Here's the deal - I wanna role play. You cum over and don't talk, just fire up my bong and get 420d on good Colorado weed. Follow my lead, do what I say."

I considered deleting the text as the latina in the video moaned and wiggled her plump butt as she got fucked, her thiccness jiggling delightfully. My hole itched, and I suddenly wished I was her in that video, getting taken hard.

"Umm ... OK. Sounds kinda hot. See you in five?"

"Remember - no talking unless absolutely necessary, starting right now. No reply text, just cum over."

***

I knocked on Jamie's door, but it just starting opening from the pressure of the knocking. So I walked in. Jamie wasn't there, but the dark charcoal grey coffee table in front of the black leather couch had a huge red bong, preloaded with what I assumed was more of his kickass Colorado bud from last time.

And a small pile of unopened women's lingerie, with a handwritten note:

"Undress and put one of these sets on. No arguing - if you don't like it, that's fine, but you'll have to leave. I'm gonna assume consent for everything I do, unless you speak up. You won't be forced into anything. But if you dissent to anything, you'll be asked to go. Unless I ask you to role play nonconsent.

Today's role play is you're a high end call girl. Knock on my bedroom door when you're dressed for the role and ready to service your client.

Oh, and take the tab of E next to the bong, plus a hit or three from the bong, get your head in a good place."

I looked at that lingerie for what seemed to be a long time. Really? He expects me to wear THAT?

But my dick started getting hard at the thought. And I rarely overruled my cock in these situations - if they get your considerably less thoughtful head hard, you gotta fuck them. Unless ... you know. If they're crazy.

I'd never taken Ecstasy, but I'd heard good things about it, a Love The World drug, so I swallowed the white tab of E, washing it down with some Italian mineral water he'd thoughtfully provided. Then I toked up, smoking the entire bowl. Already slightly stoned and feeling good, I picked a pair of black lacy panties and bra and put them on. The bra was a tiny A- cup, the size of cup that a sexually insatiable Japanese girlfriend I'd had would wear briefly before they got yanked down, my mouth on her lovely dark brown nipples, feeling them get hard in my mouth as she moaned and got dripping wet.

My hard pecs filled the bra cups. Feeling incredibly weird and self conscious wearing women's clothing, I loaded the bong with another nugget of weed with little golden hairs from the black eighth ounce container on the coffee table, then grasped the bong by the long red neck and walked to Jamie's bedroom door. I considered bailing, but I felt really good from the buzz that was building, so I knocked tentatively.

He opened the door, fully clothed, wearing charcoal grey slacks and a crisp white dress shirt, like he was dressed to show he respected me, that I was a valued professional providing a much desired service. His dark eyes hungrily took in my scantily clad body. He twirled his finger, so I slowed turned around for him. He stopped me halfway through and gently squeezed my cheeks covered in black lace. "You're even hotter than your picture your agency sent. Should I pay you now, or after ...?"

Fuck it. Embrace the role. "Now. What kind of businesswoman waits til after the services have been performed?"

He took out his wallet and removed a crisp hundred dollar bill, and tucked it in my bra, then squeezed the A cup holding the pay.

"I'm not some brokeass ho. My usual rate is way more than that. Do you want me to be my client or not?"

"The agency said they'd give me a special introductory rate, but if I liked the services, I should leave a generous tip."

I gave him a smoldering look. "Oh, you're gonna wanna leave a great tip, if you want me back."

"Sure. Here, sit by me on the bed."

We sat down. He took a dark blue cologne bottle, with a gold cap and a gold circle that looked like a coin in the center, off the nightstand beside him and misted the left side of his face and neck. "That's Versace." He picked up a different bottle, colored brown fading to gold at the bottom, that looked vaguely like a torpedo shaped breast with a huge erect nipple, and misted his right side too. "Dior. Now tell me which you like."

I scooted closer so my hips were touching his, and leaned in to smell both sides. "Fuuuck. I love both."

He touched my chin and gently pushed his lips toward mine, as if to kiss me.

I stopped him by putting a fingertip on his lips, our mouths so close I could feel the heat of each exhale of breath, smell the scent of his minty mouthwash, breathing in the scent of those heavenly colognes, looking in his eyes, which were dark with wide open pupils, looking like he was entranced. "Sorry, professionals don't kiss."

"I'd assumed we'd contracted for GFE."

What the fuck is that, I thought. I waited for clarification, not wanting to shatter the illusion by being uninformed of terminology a call girl would know.

"It means Girl Friend Experience, you act as if ..."

"I know what it means. I reserve that only for a select few of my long-standing clientele ..." I bit my lip, as if considering a polite "no". But, he'd said refusing wasn't an option if I wanted to stay. "But, I might make an exception, since you're exceptionally handsome, and appear to be well heeled and generous ..."

I stopped talking and discreetly waited for him to act on the word "generous".

He pulled a fifty out of his wallet and tucked it in with the hundred. When I nodded my assent, he leaned in and teasingly, slowly, brought his lips to lightly touch mine. I felt a rush of pleasure from the physical contact, a craving for sensual touch, and realized that must be the Ecstasy kicking in. He pushed me down on the bed so I was laying on my back, and then lay beside me. Jamie's tongue parted my lips, and I gladly opened up, let him inside my mouth, my tongue starting to sensually and slowly play with his, my head feeling love for the touch, for him, for being so ... ALIVE. God, I was loving what the E was doing for me. As the kiss deepened, my right hand unbuttoned his shirt and played with his slightly hairy chest with gym hardened pecs and six pack abs, while I slowly ran my left hand up the inside of his dress slacks, feeling so much pleasure from the slight rasp of the wool sliding under my fingertips. I began caressing his inner thigh, then traced both sides of his crotch, teasing him. The weed and E were kicking in hard now - my fingertips felt like miniscule blue and red sparks were crackling between my fingertips and the soft expensive feeling wool covering his groin as I began stroking his stiffening manhood.

He groaned with pleasure. He whispered, "You like that big cock?"

I sighed and whispered back, "Yeeeees." We kissed slowly but passionately as he unbuckled the top button of his slacks for me. I unzipped his slacks.

"Touch it."

He wasn't wearing any underwear, so his stiff cock slid easily out. It was long, seven, maybe eight inches to my inexperienced eye, and circumcised. I lightly gripped the base, his flesh hot and soft and so sexy to my touch. "Wow," I whispered, as I began to stroke it, looking appreciately into his eyes at this pleasure he was giving me. I slipped my right arm around his shoulder and leaned my chest again his, the erect nipples inside my black bra sensually sliding against his lightly haired chest, and we kissed some more, his tongue probing deeper inside, sliding in and out, gently mouth fucking me. I reciprocated by squeezing and twisting my hand around his cockhead, loving the feel of his hot flesh, giving in to the desire.

"Kiss it. Kiss the tip."

I gave it a loving, lingering kiss, then licked the salty precum off, his prick twitching at the rasp of my tongue. He lightly put a hand on my shoulder, directing me, and I followed the pressure of his hand and slid off the bed and between his thighs, sank to my knees. I looked up at his eyes, waiting. It felt utterly surreal to be in this submissive position.

He sat up on the edge of the bed, put a hand on the back of my neck and gently forced my lips onto his cock. As I kissed his cockhead he pushed a bit deeper and facefucked me, quickly picking up the pace and grabbing my head with both hands, still watching me with his sexy lustful eyes. He groaned, I licked harder, swiping my tongue across the cockhole and down around the rubbery soft helmet, and he groaned loudly, "You gonna take my cum?"

I took my mouth off to say, "You wanted girlfriend experience, yeah?"

He resumed mouthfucking me. "Then swallow." He grunted and thrust.

"Wait," I said. "Let me make you cum." I cupped his balls while holding his shaft, rubbed his silky soft helmet again the inside of my cheek, and then tapped it lightly over and over with my hand from the outside of the cheek, just a thin layer separating his prick from my hand.

He groaned and grabbed my head and pulled my hair.

He came in my mouth.

He shot hot jets of cum over my tongue, salty and a bit bitter and yeasty and oh so good.

"Swallow."

I ran my tongue over the underside of his cockhead and let his cum inside me, down my throat, so intimate an act, barely keeping up with the spurts ...

As he grew soft in my mouth, he grabbed my hips and swung me around, face down and legs splayed wide, pressed prone against the bed and looking over my shoulder. He pulled my black lacy panties to the side. I watched him press his softening prick between my cheeks and rub it, then take a bottle of lube from his dresser and dribble it on his cockhead and my hole, the liquid cool and sexy, knowing he wanted to fuck me again, overcome his refractory period and get hard for me. Soon I felt him get stiff again as he rubbed his cock, slick with my spit and his cum and the lube, slid it against my arsehole, and it occurred to me that I must have been the last person he fucked, which was why he was so horny and full of cum, saving all his cum for me. So thoughtful ... I felt a rush of pleasure thinking of him letting his cum build up for days, resisting the urge to jack off or fuck someone else so it would be better for us, more urgent and passionate. He pressed his prickhead against my hole and tried to get inside as I moaned and surrendered to the lovely rush of E and the countervailing pressure and pain, the E taking the pain and turning it into warmth and intimacy and giving, tried to give him the best girlfriend experience ever, my entire body his to tease and fuck ... a professional call girl giving him whatever he needed, whatever he desired ...