 Quick introduction for myself - I go by Cindy and I am a bi-curious crossdresser who is currently in a straight relationship. I started with some self anal play but slowly found myself lusting after a real cock at some point. I've had many fantasies but this is my first time having a sexual encounter with another man. Hope you all enjoy!

I was on a business trip and partly out of boredom but mostly out of desire, I had a desire for cock and decided that I was going to try to get a taste for the first time. I researched online for a good male-to-male massage parlor and found one within walking distance of the hotel I stayed at. I called to make an appointment and after spending half an hour getting myself cleaned and shaven, I left my hotel room and made my way to my destination.

Having never had a bi experience before, I was quite nervous and almost turned around to my hotel room. However I've dreamed of having a real cock for far too long and I decided this is as good of an opportunity as ever to try it. I showed up at the address, made my way into the 2nd floor of an old commercial building, and was greeted by a female receptionist. I was a bit embarrassed that I had requested a male masseuse, but she was definitely used to having clients of all sorts come in and made an effort to be discrete. She led me to my room and told me to undress while I wait. 

I was indecisive on whether I should fully undress, but ultimately ended up taking off my underwear since I was already there and wanted to make clear what I was looking for. I laid on my front with a towel cover my ass, but I could feel myself getting a bit turned on in anticipation of what's to come. I couldn't have been waiting for more than 5 minutes but don't think I've ever been so anxious for anything before. My masseuse finally came and introduced himself to me. He was fairly attractive and a bit older which I found comforting. He had some kind of Latin roots but the room was too dark for me to see without staring closely at him, so I just let him get to work. 

We chatted a bit and at some point I revealed that while I've had massages from other men before, this is the first time where I wasn't there for just a massage. He took things slowly and gave me a very standard massage at first, but as got more comfortable I started to want more and gave some hints. I told him that I have been doing a lot of walking was a bit sore. He took the hint and moved his hands to my lower body, working his way up my thighs and to my ass. I was so incredibly turned on as he massaged my ass that I can feel my precum leaking. It took every effort not to moan and eventually he eased off and went back up to my lower back.

When it came time for the flip, I wasn't sure what to do. I knew that once I came I wouldn't be as turned on and didn't want this opportunity to go wasted. I figure it's pretty typical to touch the masseuse at this point so I put my hand on his crotch and felt a nice, big hard cock underneath his shorts. I sat up and continued to feel his cock through his pants as he stroked my bare cock and I stopped him when I was close to cumming. I told him that I wanted to see his cock before I came and he paused momentarily before undoing his pants. It was surreal when I saw his bare cock inches away from me. He was a bit bigger than I was at around 7.5", but it was magnificent and at the moment I was ready to worship it. I instinctively stroked it as I brought my lips closer to the glistening tip. I wrapped my mouth around it slowly, savoring his precum before slowly inserting his member into my mouth. It had a bit of a salty taste and musk, perhaps just from a rather humid day, but I was having my first taste of cock and really enjoying it. I started sucking it faster and faster, imitating the porn stars I've seen who are pros at sucking dick. I slobbered all over his cock for the next 10 minutes, licking the tip and going as far down the shaft as I can comfortable do so. At times he gave the back of my head a gentle nudge when he wanted me to keep my mouth around his cock for a bit longer. He was moaning in pleasure and told me that I wasn't bad for a first timer, but I could tell that I needed a bit more training before I could get a guy to cum using my mouth.

Our time was running up and he wanted to make sure I was pleasured as well. He told me to lay on my back again and continued the HJ he started started earlier, but I insisted that the best thing he can do to make me a satisfied customer was to cum all over me. He got some lube for himself and straddled the massage table. At this point he was right on top of me and I'm sure he might have been ready to fuck me if this wasn't his work place. I've never been with another man before but at this point I was so incredibly turned on that any doubts about being bi were washed away. He stroked his cock as I stroked my own and I could tell he was very close to cumming. 

Then there it was - my first taste of real cum from another man. He leaned back a bit and suddenly a stream of hot liquid erupted all over my body. I felt his cum shower my bare stomach and chest with streaks of it reaching all the way to my neck and my face. It's been my fantasy to be covered with another man's cum and now it's finally happened. It was a pretty big load as I felt a small pool of cum quickly collect on my stomach. I was still hornier than ever at this point and I felt myself close to cumming as well. My masseuse, being the professional that he is, quickly shifted his attention back to me, this time with a bit more aggression and technique (and perhaps a bit of haste to wrap up for his next appointment). It wasn't very long before I felt my climax as well. I came so hard and so much that I was certain I would've made a mess of the entire massage table if he didn't use his other hand to stop me from cumming everywhere. He smiled at me and asked how I felt, but I wasn't in the state of mind to be able to articulate the euphoric sensation I just had. He started to help me clean up but I told him I can take care of it myself. 

I laid on the massage table for a few minutes, still in disbelief about the amazing experience I just had. I was covered in cum - a bit from myself but mostly from another man - and I wanted to savor the moment. I toyed with the cum and rubbed it all over my body, wanting to cover as much of me as possible before it dries up. Although my horniness has faded a bit, it felt incredibly sexy to have his cum on me. I can't possibly imagine what it would feel like to have multiple guys cumming all over me and really giving me a cum shower, but that's something that maybe I can experience another time. Eventually i cleaned myself up a bit, trying to preserve the cum on my body but making sure to clean my face and neck a bit so I can walk back to my hotel. I got dressed, gave my masseuse a tip, and walked out the door a completely different and renewed person.