 My throat was sore for a week. It got so bad that I lost my voice-my friends were all telling me to go to a doctor to see if I had strep, while I was secretly turned on every time I tried (and failed) to say something. No one suspected in the least that I was whispering because a strange guy with a big dick had given me an hour long lesson on what deepthroat actually means. No one knew that I had been made into this guy's trashy throat-fuck toy, that I had dressed like a dirty whore and been completely violated. That I had swallowed a big load of globby sperm from this random man, and that I had actually loved having him treat me like a cheap piece of boy meat.

Immediately afterward, my intense introduction to cock left me overwhelmingly horny. After I walked out his door, I went home and started stroking, I instantly got this feeling that I needed more rod. And its absurd, but I thought the quickest, easiest way was to the grocery store to pick up a cucumber. I know, stupid right? But I did, and I went home and got on my knees and put it in my throat like he had been, stroking my cock furiously. After an hour of stroking I squirted my load everywhere with most of the cucumber stuffed (barely) in my tight asshole. 

After that I felt weird, like always after cumming, but worse than normal, realizing how crazy that had all been. No doubt it was hot, but it was also very intense and a little frightening. It felt like I had gotten my fix with men, and that crazy impulsive desire to play with cocks and be a whore had faded. Pretty soon I got back to my normal life, which was a relief. I had been worried that getting with a man would make me want it even more, that I would crave cock every moment. But instead it felt like I had crossed it off a list, and I was fine with that. 

The "stranger" (that's what I'd started calling him in my head) had contacted me a couple times more on the hookup site, telling me to get back over to his place, that I had more work to do, and while it turned me on hearing from him, I just ignored him. Sure, maybe he ended up sounding a little annoyed, but I had gotten what I needed. I decided to shut down my account on the gay site, severing contact with him and deleting the pictures of my body.

Some time passed, a couple weeks, a month. My life was back to normal and things were going well. I finally got a good, "real" job, which I had been looking for since I'd graduated college. I decided to grow my blonde hair out a little, ditching the usual buzz cut and it was getting down past my ears. I started going to the gym a lot (and, admittedly, doing a lot of exercises to make my butt nice and round without admitting to myself thats why I was doing it). And most importantly, I met a girl. My new supervisor at work introduced me to the daughter of one of his friends that he knew from his church. Her name is Christy, and she's overall just a really good girl. A little traditional, but reliable, smart, and cute standing at 5'4", thin with blonde hair. 

It had been a while since I had been with a girl, and I had been starting to worry about whether I would ever get another girlfriend, or even a night with a woman, so I was thrilled when she came around and we started dating and getting more serious. I remembered that I actually like pussy, and it took a long time, but I finally, finally got her in the sack. And yeah maybe her tits are small and her ass is flat and she only wants it missionary position (and would never, ever suck my cock), but I needed a girlfriend and and she is, after all, a great girl. And for a while, I was satisfied, even thrilled with a pretty good girlfriend and occasional sex. I love the girl, even now typing this with my hands trembling and dirt all up under my fingernails I can tell you that. Fuck I am still so dusty, I can't believe I haven't even showered yet, but I can't skip ahead. 

As you probably would guess, one day I strayed onto the internet and started browsing some porn again, and the instant I saw a big cock again things got different. Some switch flipped on in the back of my mind. Before long, when Christy wasn't around I started putting aside time as much as I could to get online and explore the nasty corners of the web like I had before. I quickly turned to very dirty porn, still mostly straight porn: dirty sluts all dolled up, sucking cock, choking on it, getting spanked, humiliated, taking 2, 3, 4 random fuck rods at once, getting called nasty names, tied up, slurping cum, and begging to get used. I just couldn't stop staring at those huge porn cocks as they stretched and pounded the tight, girly holes.

This all had to be a secret of course. I honestly don't think Christy has ever looked at any porn. She is a total sunday school type and she could never find out the things I was looking at, much less learn what I had let the stranger do with me. One day there was a close call. We were going on a short weekend camping trip, and she was looking in my closet for my tent. 

I heard her say "What the heck?" and she started walking out to me in the kitchen, and when I saw her my heart skipped a beat and I felt like I'd swallowed my tongue. She was holding my fishnet stockings and crotchless panties. A thousand thoughts flooded my head and I froze. She had this look of total dismay and asked "What is this?"

"Oh, God," I said. "I...forgot about that...those are-were my ex girlfriends. She was...kinda weird like that." 

Christy just stared at me, and then at the panties and stockings as she held them as far from her face as possible with just two fingers, like they were the most disgusting thing she had ever seen. My heart pounded.

"Gross," she said curtly, making a face like she was repulsed, and opened the cabinet to drop them in the trash.

"I know, she had some issues. I didn't realize those were there, I'm sorry baby." She gave me a look that said, you're not into that, right? What she didn't know was that she had just seen the tip of the iceberg. There was no way she could possibly understand that they were mine and I was a bigger slut than any girl she was picturing. 

"Trashy." she said, giving me a skeptical look as she walked by me to continue packing.

I thought about digging my lingerie out of the trash later but thought better of it. It left with the trash and I had dodged a bullet. That whole scene made me nervous but didn't stop me from jerking to porn and thinking like a slut. I even started chatting with guys again, mostly over 40 years old, which I felt bad about, but I couldn't help it. It got me so hot. And even though I told myself I would never use my webcam again, I did a couple times and got so turned on showing off my big round ass to sleazy internet hornballs. I would stroke for hours, usually putting a finger or two in my asshole, stuffing it and loving the feeling.

Things continued and my secret was safe, when about two weeks after the day Christy found my slutwear I got on my computer and was writing my grandma a happy birthday message on facebook. In the corner of my screen I saw a notification that I had a friend request. It was from a John Smith, but there was no picture and almost no information when I clicked his profile. I thought it had to be the guy in the cubicle next to me at work (John) who had finally decided to create a profile. I accepted it. 

Later that night before bed I got on facebook again and saw I had a message, but it wasn't from my grandma, it was from John. It read, "Nice profile pic, new girlfriend?" I paused for a moment-my profile pic was me with Christy out on some date, my arm around her. The guys at work had met Christy, I remembered introducing her to John. 

I replied "Thanks...not new though, same one. Is this John from (my work)?"

The reply came quick. "Haha, no, this is not John from work." I thought that was kind of weird, and was about to unfriend this random guy when I saw a little notification for another message. It was from him. It read "I know your secret." 

What the fuck? I paused. It couldn't be...that, right? Nobody knew anything about that. Had to be just some asshole trying to make people uncomfortable online. Again, I was about to unfriend the guy when I saw another message notification. I clicked it. It was another one from him, this one just contained a link. I sat there for a moment. I just stared at it. I was probably just talking to some programmed robot meant to lure people in so they would download a virus. I didn't want a virus on my computer, but I was too intrigued. I clicked the link.

It brought me to some kind of cloud data storage type page, and showed a video clip there with the triangle play button on it. I clicked it and my life changed.

The video started. It showed a dim bedroom with a sofa against the wall. In front of the sofa, a man stood naked, facing away from it. And there I was in front of him, on my knees, fishnet stockings pulled up to the base of my bulging ass, my hands each gripping one ass cheek and pulling them apart, sticking my chest out, which was visibly covered in my shiny, slick slobber. My eyes got wide as I stared at the image on my screen.

And there was the stranger, mercilessly shoving most of his cock in and out of my throat, making a loud, rhythmic slurping sound. The volume was up loud and my entire apartment rang with the sound of a thick plunger squeezing through a throat. I scrambled to hit mute, even though I was alone, and clicked the mouse everywhere in a panic to pause the video and closed it fast. Oh fuck. Oh fuck, oh fuck oh fuck! NO!

It's true that in my profile on the gay site I had mentioned that I really love porn wanted to be like a porn slut, but I didn't think the stranger would actually set up a camera without telling me, capturing it all. I looked even trashier on the video than I remembered. I nervously checked over my shoulders even though I knew I was alone, and clicked the link again. There I was, making desperate choking sounds in between muffled cock-in-my-throat moans. Then the man in the video yanked his dick out and cock slapped me on the cheek with it while I coughed up spit onto my chin. 

"What do you love?" the man asked me in the video, giving me another couple cock slaps to the cheek.

"I love your cock," I said in a wheezing voice, "I love your cah-" and before the word was all the way out, his dick was back in. 

I had never been so embarrassed. Oh Christ, it's on the internet! And it is clearly me, the video was very good quality. My life is ruined. Christy will leave me, everyone will know. I'm so fucked. I wanted to cry. I almost did.

My heart was racing. What the fuck? I never expected to ever hear from this man again! And now...oh no...being outed like this would make my addiction to cock my defining feature for everyone. I don't want to be that guy. I don't want everyone picturing that, and thinking of me like that.

I already had another message from him. "Don't worry, I haven't shown anyone yet."

I replied "What the fuck?! I can't believe you recorded us!! You have to delete that right now!!"

His response: "I don't have to do anything, but you do if you don't want that cute little blonde bitch to see this."

That cute little blonde bitch. He was talking about Christy. If it were possible for my stomach to drop any more, it did. I felt horrible, was spinning in my head. I responded, "What do you want?"

"Just to talk with you, figure this thing out."

I wrote back, "We are talking. What the hell do you want?"

He wrote, "Calm down now big guy, do this right and no one else see's our movie. I want to talk to you face to face. Make time for it tomorrow afternoon."

I was supposed to be at work all day the next day, but I obviously had no choice. This guy was ready to ruin me completely. I thought of everyone I knew and how they would react, not only to the fact that I was queer, but that I was submissive, trashy, and someone's bitch. My parents, brother, friends, co-workers. Oh fuck, why did I have to mention where I work?! And most of all, my girl. I've gotta figure this out. I need to act sick and leave work early.

"Where?" I wrote back to him after a long pause.

"Come to my family ranch tomorrow, I will be there doing some maintenance. 1PM. Don't be even a minute late." He followed with the address. I typed it into a web-search and looked at the satellite view of it on the map. It was only about 15 minutes outside of town and it looked like a large clump of trees right off of a two lane highway.

"Fine. Just to talk. Please, don't do anything with that video. Please, I can't tell you how much that would mess up my life."

"Be there." was all he wrote back.

I could't even look Christy in the face the next morning. I was so nervous. I tried to act like everything like normal and headed to work. At about noon I told my boss that I was feeling sick, and needed to head home to rest. I took a moment before I left to stand in the mens room, staring at myself in front of the mirror, saying "Just talk to him, just talk to him...be reasonable." I felt terrified and anxious, and ashamed when I realized I couldn't stop picturing his cock. Fuck. 

I left the building and walked to my car. It was hotter than hell, and I was already sweating when I closed my car door. I put the address in my phone for directions and started driving. No radio or anything, just shaking and feeling sick to my stomach, so nervous.

As I got close I slowed down. There was really nothing around, and I was approaching a big cluster of tall trees that looked like the ranch. As I turned off the highway onto the property, all I could see ahead was a dinged up, late 70's pickup truck with a faded red paint job parked right ahead. There was no one in it. I slowly rolled up to it and turned right, going behind some trees and out of view of the highway. There, behind the trees, was a broken down old building. It was L-shaped and had no walls, just wooden beams holding up a metal roof. Beneath the roof was a bunch of old junk: a broken down lawnmower, dirty old shelves, a cabinet with spray painted graffiti, and a red/brown old sofa with one cushion missing and springs popping out where it once had been. On the other cushion sat the stranger, wearing tight jeans, cowboy boots and a white wifebeater, smoking a cigarette.

Looking at him again made my heart skip a bit and my stomach twist up. I turned off the car and stepped out, wearing my baby blue button-up shirt tucked into khakis and my brown dress shoes. I walked around the hood of my car towards him. He smiled and stood up.

"There she is!" he said in a friendly tone, grinning at me and stepping towards me.

"Listen," I said, "I can't.." but an instant later I was cut off. He took one long step at me and put his hand around my neck, getting up in my face. His grip was tight and his hand was rough on my skin. He stood taller than me by about four inches. I put both of my hands up on his big flexing bicep as he held my neck, protesting a little but not actually trying to get him to let go. This wasn't going as planned.

"My rules," he said. "and the first one is that you don't say anything unless I tell you to. Nuh-thing". I got a chill up my spine that started at my cock. I nodded. He removed his hand and gave me a light little slap on the face, and I looked at the dirt. I was all of the sudden very nervous. Nervous about what was quickly unfolding, but also scared of the fact that a little part of me was actually getting turned on. Something was shifting deep inside me, and I didn't want it to show.

"See I know what you want already, so you don't need to talk. What is important is what I want." He dropped his cigarette and stepped on it. I needed this to stop here, so I tried to reason with him.

"I came here to talk-" was all I could get out before his hand was on my neck again and he was turning me around this time, pressing himself against me in a kind of back embrace. He pushed his hips forward to make sure I could feel his bulge digging into me. I instinctively wiggled my ass trying to get away. It was suddenly real-I could feel his cock through his jeans, pressed up against my ass.

"That's strike one," he said, releasing his grip on my neck to give me a quick slap on the face before putting his hand back and squeezing harder, not letting me move. "Now get those pants off. Now." His voice was eerily calm, and he was basically talking right into my ear. I could smell the cigarette on his breath. His grip tightened, making the air wheeze in my throat as I breathed, and as fast as I could I undid my pants and pulled them down. Then my boxers. I felt so weird dropping my pants outside like this, knowing that anyone could just look over and see me. It was the opposite of private, even though no one was around. When I took down my pants it was fast and there was nothing sensual about it, just a slut getting ready. He stopped squeezing my neck and let me use him for balance as I struggled to pull my pants and boxers off without taking my shoes off. He had me kick them to the side next to a stack of what looked like old porn magazines in the dirt and then unbuttoned my shirt. I got it off too and he added it to the pile. 

I was standing in my nice shoes with tall socks and my white wife beater that was my undershirt. I knew I looked ridiculous. The wife beater was too long, and it was almost like a short little dress, and I knew my big bubble ass was pushing out the back. It was hot. I was covered in sweat and the shirt was sticking to my chest. I heard a car drive by on the highway, but was glad to realize I couldn't see it through the trees, and it couldn't see us.

Then, out of nowhere the stranger's hand went up to my face and he pushed two fingers into my mouth, to the back of my tongue. I gagged immediately, letting out a big cough, caught off-guard and surprised by the intense, unexpected discomfort.

"Looks like we are starting from square one again huh?" He winked at me and started undoing his pants. He dropped his jeans down and got them off over his boots. And there it was-his big thick daddy cock that he had shoved so far down my throat months ago. And there was the little tattoo I had almost forgot about, a few inches to the right of his cock. It was a little pirate symbol or something. His cock was already hard. I looked around, nervous, with the feeling that we were being watched.

"Aint nobody around, slut. Don't you worry. And if there was, I know that you'd want them to watch anyway, so don't act so scared." He sat down on the shitty, dusty couch, his cockhead pointing up at me. His dick was so stiff, he didn't even need to touch it at all. "Get on your knees bitch" he growled. This man that I really didn't know at all just called me "bitch." Oh god, I should have known this was how it would go. I hesitated for a moment, realized there was no choice, and obeyed, slowly dropping down onto my knees, feeling the hot dirt on them. At first I was too close to the couch, and I inched my knees back some. 

As I started shuffling my ass back and leaning my chest towards him, a whisper in my mind said, "Give him something to look at..." and before I really thought about it I was getting down into a low doggystyle position in front of him, with my knees spread wide so my ass would spread too. My body did it on its own, I realized. I almost felt like I was watching myself do it.

I felt the outside air on my tight asshole and realized my 6" uncut cock was rock hard. I hoped he wouldn't see. I felt betrayed by my own cock, thinking, you know we are being forced into this crazy shit? Why are you hard??

I held my breath, bit my lip, and reached up and took his cock by its base with my right hand. It sent a shock through my body, touching another guys cock, his hard cock, on purpose...God what am I doing?! Just as when we first met, I could barely get my entire hand around his cock. I gave it a squeeze, trying hard to touch the tip of my thumb to the end of my pointer finger. 
