 I went to the bar with a mixture of excitement and trepidation. I'd been thinking about it for a long time and I still wasn't 100% sure I wanted to do it.

The thought of it at times gave me a raging boner, at others a sense of shame and disgust.

I'd fallen asleep at night fantasising about it and woken up in the morning with a wet patch on the sheets beside me having dreamed about it.

I'd tried to forget about it. Put it out of my mind, but the thought of it always returned. Sooner or later I caught sight of a muscled torso, a tight ass or a bulging crotch and I was caught in the alternating trap of lust and shame.

I'd come to the decision that I had to do it. Just once. It would either draw me in or repulse me for good.

So here I was, standing outside a gay bar, my cock already semi-erect, trying to make the decision to either go in, or walk away.

At last, with a deep breath, I walked through the door and sat down at the bar to order a drink.

The barman flashed a friendly smile as he came to serve me. He was wearing the tightest black t-shirt and I admired the way it clung to his manly form as he poured my drink.

There were only a few people there to begin with, sitting in groups of two or three around the bar and I drank my first pint quickly, the thought already running through my head that I should leave.

That's when Brad came and sat beside me.

"Hey buddy, buy you a drink?" he asked.

"Er... um... okay," I stammered.

His handsome face broke into a broad grin at my obvious awkwardness. "Haven't seen you around before."

"Er no. I'm from out of town. I'm only here for the weekend."

"Cool. So where you from?"

"Erm... Newburgh."

He grinned again. "Let me guess - you're in the closet and come to the big city to have some guy-on-guy fun?"

I felt my face flush. He laughed and placed a hand on my knee. "It's okay buddy, I won't tell anyone!"

I smiled sheepishly. "It's not quite like that..."

"Oh no? What is it like then?" I felt my crotch tighten as his hand moved further up my thigh. He must have seen it...

"Look I'm not gay..."

"Sure you're not," he laughed.

"No really. It's hard to explain. I've never had any sexual experience with a guy before, but I am kind of curious about it..."

He raised an eyebrow quizzically and leaned back in his bar stool, clasping his hands behind his head which showed off his rather impressive biceps very nicely. "So tell me about it!"

Missing the feel of his hand on my thigh, I tried to explain. "Well until I was in my early 30's, I never thought of other guys at all. I was completely straight."

"So what happened?"

"Well, I suppose it really began when I read this book, 'American Gods,' by Neil Gaiman."

"There's this character in the book, he's Yemeni, and in New York on business. He gets in a taxi and the driver tells him he's from Yemen too and this guy tells him where his hotel is and tells him to stop by if he wants."

Brad smiled again. "Oh really?"

"Yeah. And the thing is, I never saw this coming. Later that night, he gets back to his hotel and the taxi driver is waiting in the lobby for him. They go up to his room and the driver asks if he can have a shower."

I paused a moment, not sure if Brad was taking me seriously or not. "Then when he comes out the shower, he has just a towel around him. He walks over to the guy, pushes him onto the bed, and they start making out. Then the guy gives him a blow job and he cums in his mouth."

"Hmmmm," Brad said. "And you enjoyed reading it?"

"Fuck yeah I did! It gave me the biggest, hardest boner I'd had in years. Ever since then, I've been fantasising about being with a guy."

Brad leaned closer to me, the proximity of his lean, sculpted body making me hard. "So here we are in New York. Have you got a hotel room?"

"Look Brad, I don't want to lead you on," I said. "Like I said, I've never been with another guy before and I'm not 100% sure I want to be. And there's no way I'm taking a dick in my ass. No way in the world."

He placed his hand on my thigh again and smiled. "Steve, I like you." He put his other hand on my arm, his fingers lightly brushing my arm as he moved them slowly up and down. My face was burning now, my dick straining against my shorts.

"Why don't we go back to your hotel room and... see what happens? We can do as much or as little as you like. We can stop any time you want."

Our eyes locked together, my heart pounding and breath shortening. This was it. Now or never....

"Okay," I heard myself say.

"Great," he grinned. "Lead on!"

My hotel was only a block away, so we walked through the late evening twilight. I went in first and walked to the reception desk to ask if there had been any calls for me, while Brad nonchalantly went straight to the elevator. We met outside my room and went in.

I was so nervous as we stood in my room facing each other.

Brad stepped close and began to undo the buttons on my shirt. "Let's get more comfortable," he breathed.

I stood motionless as he took my shirt off and caressed my chest, fingers dragging over my nipples. I was rock hard as I tentatively touched his bulging crotch.

My first thought was that he was huge! His cock feeling long and thick through his jeans.

He tried to kiss me, but I pulled my head back. "I'm not sure about that."

He smiled. "That's okay." Then he undid my belt and zipper, whistling appreciatively as he reached inside my shorts to release my erect penis.

I lifted his t-shirt over his head and dropped it on the floor before he took hold of my throbbing member and slowly began to stroke it.

Within minutes, we were both completely naked, stroking each other's penises, rubbing them together. His was slightly longer than mine, although mine was a little thicker.

We were both dripping pre-cum, our eyes locked together as we stroked each other. He started to pinch my nipple and this little extra sent me over the edge. I was so turned on now, almost instinctively, I kissed him!

Fuck I was turned on! This wasn't too different from kissing a girl, but his stubble against my mouth made it incredibly arousing.

He led me to the bed and laid me down before lying on top of me, our cocks rubbing together as his tongue thrust urgently into my mouth.

He began grinding into my crotch, our cocks pulsing, legs wrapped together in an ecstasy of writhing.

I could take no more and just before his did, my cock exploded, shooting hot cum over his chest seconds before I felt his load cover me.

Waves of pleasure emanated from my crotch as we convulsed together, his hot, muscled body crushed tightly against mine.

He lay on top of me for several more minutes, both of us breathing heavily, before collapsing on to the bed beside me.

"Shit, that was fucking amazing!" I panted.

"Glad you liked it," he smiled.

We both drifted off to sleep.

"Yes I did like it," was my final thought as I sank into unconsciousness.