 It all started when I was 21 I am now in my mid thirties and my name is Pete. I was driving home one night and picked up a hitch hiker. He was a bit drunk and was holding a 6 pack. As we drove I noticed he was rubbing his crotch. I had never been with a guy before and was a little curious by the bulge he had in his pants. After a bit he noticed I was looking at his crotch. He smiled at me and started to pull his sweats down under his cock and balls. I couldn't help but stare and almost ran off the road a few times.

He just sat there stroking one of the most beautiful cocks ever. It was about 8 long and very thick with a huge cut head on it. 

I pulled into a parking lot and parked and he looked up at me and asked if I liked it. At this point I told him I had never done anything with a guy before. He said you want to? and I just smiled and reached over and wrapped my hand around his cock. It felt so thick and hard and warm and the head was huge and spongy. There was a lot of precumm dripping from the tip and I used my thumb to rub it in just like I do when I jerk my own cock off. Speaking of my cock, it was rock hard. I am 7.5 to just about 8 long and 5 inches around with a nice head and a slight curve towards my belly. I continued to stroke him. I was shaking with excitement at having my first cock other then my own in my hand. 

He reclined the seat back and told me to suck him. I don't know what came over me but I just had to take that cock in my mouth. My mouth was watering. I leaned over and opened my mouth wide and took the head and a couple inches in my mouth. It was so warm and the skin felt like velvet against my tongue. I starting bobbing my head up and down moaning as I sucked. I mimicked sucking his cock just like I have the woman I am with do to me. I licked the shaft and used my lips to rub it up and down on the sides of the shaft. I tried to take it all into my throat but gagged and almost threw up so I back off and started to rub his balls as I sucked it up and down. I was so hott from sucking my first cock that I could feel my own cock laying against my leg rock hard and dripping enough precumm to soak my leg of my pants where the head was. 

I worked his cock for almost 15 min when he yelled he was cumming. I don't know what came over me but I held the shaft and stroked it as I sealed my lips around the head and felt it swell and pulse in my mouth and against my tongue as it shot 4 or 5 shots of thick cumm up on the roof off my mouth and on my tongue. It was so hot and slightly salty but creamy and I loved the taste. I gulped with the head in my mouth and swallowed all of it. As I felt him going limp in my mouth I stroked his cock from base to tip milking the last drop of cumm out of it and licked it off. He was shuddering as I did this and said to me, wow that was incredible. I can't believe that was your first time. I told him it was and I loved it and can't wait to do it again. 

I asked him if he wanted to suck mine and he told me he would but he had been drinking and was feeling a bit too drunk to do that without puking so he told me to take it out and he would jerk me off. I pulled my pants down under my ass and he grabbed my cock and started to stroke me fast. I was moaning like crazy and his hand on my cock was unreal. A couple times he leaned down and took just the head in his mouth and sucked the precumm off me. I couldn't take it and told him I am gonna cumm and he stroked faster and I started to shoot. It shot all over my belly and chest and some shot up onto my face. It was a massive load. He thanked me for the blow job and got out of the car leaving me there with my lip cock sticking out and my cumm all over me. He shut the door and started to walk up the road as I cleaned myself up and drove home. I couldn't wait for the next cock to suck and went home and jerked off and came again thinking about all that happened. I liked the taste of his cumm so much that when I came stroking myself I shot in my hand and ate it all up. Oh I loved it. And am looking forward to more.