 Here's a short story about my first time.

"I want to suck your cock," he said.

My hand stopped half way up to my mouth; almost dropping my beer. "Umm, uh, what...what did you say?" I asked.

Dave grinned and repeated "I want to suck your cock."

"Really?"

"Yeah, really," he replied. I didn't say anything for a minute and Dave continued "But I guess you're not into it, so forget I even asked."

I didn't know what to say. I mean, I had known Dave for quite a while and we got along really well, at least I thought so. Now he had told me he wanted to suck my cock. We finished watching the football game, chatting back and forth, not mentioning it again, and he left to go home.

"Tom," Dave asked. "We good?"

I smiled and replied, "We're good. See you later."

That was three weeks ago.

Since that time Dave had been over a couple of times, for the game as usual, but we didn't speak about sucking cock. We didn't speak about it, but I sure as hell thought about it...a lot.

Sometimes I'd surf the net, checking out some man to man action and getting off, thinking what it would be like. One time I went and got the dildo I had used on an old girlfriend and slid it in and out of my mouth while I jerked off. And I came really hard! Then I did it a second and third time and ...well I liked it, a lot.

When Dave and I were together it was like before, watching the games and shooting the shit. I kept sneaking glances at him, at his crotch and wondering what it would be like.

One Sunday he called and said he couldn't make it over. The wife had been called into work and he had to watch the kids. After he hung up I thought, maybe he had just said that to not come over and maybe he had found someone else better to watch the games with. Or maybe he'd found someone else's dick to suck. For some reason, that pissed me off. I was surprised when the phone rang later that day and it was Dave.

"Hey, the wife is back," Dave said. "We can still catch the night game? That work for you?"

"You bet," I replied. "Come on over. I'm a little short on beer so you might want to pick some up."

Dave rang the doorbell 30 minutes later; the pre-game show was almost over. We sat down and cracked open a beer.

"Looking forward to this game," he said. "How about you?"

"I want to suck your cock," I replied.

This time it was Dave you stopped and looked at me.

"Really?" he asked with a slight grin.

"Really," I replied. "Sit back and slide down your pants."

Dave got up and unbuckled his belt. As he slid his pants and underwear down to his ankles I could see his hard cock, and it was nice. Good size and already throbbing; he sat down and I pulled him to the edge of the couch.

"One rule Dave... don't touch my head," I said. Man, I was getting into this! Taking a deep breath I lowered my head and found heaven. I slid my tongue in circles around the head of his dick, slowly, and loved the taste. Never thought about doing this before Dave mentioned it, but damn, I loved it. Slowly I slid my mouth up and down his hard shaft, taking it deeper and deeper each time. I cupped his balls and squeezed them gently as I tried to get his whole dick into my mouth. I couldn't do it, but was pretty damn close. As I moved my mouth up and down I could hear him starting to breathe quicker. After a few minutes of sucking his cock I felt his hands on my shoulders.

"My turn," he said as he pushed me off his cock. I smiled and unbuckled my pants, slid them down and we traded places.

Dave began to suck my cock and I began to ache. Looking down at him as he sucked made me hotter and hotter. Here I was getting my dick sucked by a guy and loving it. Dave picked up speed and I closed my eyes and concentrated on how good it felt, and on not cumming! This felt so good I never wanted it to stop. I got close and it was my turn to push Dave away.

"Man, I love sucking your dick," he said.

"And I love sucking yours, my turn again," I replied. "And feel free to cum buddy; I really want to taste it!"

Dave's eyes widened as I slid back down to where I wanted to be. I was sucking it again, his dick sliding in and out, my mouth going deeper and deeper. After a few minutes I picked up speed, found a rhythm and he must have liked it. My mouth got wet and warm. At first I didn't realize it, then I did...Dave was cumming in my mouth! I kept going as he pumped more and more cum into me. After a too short time, he pushed me away and took a deep breath.

"Man! Fuck that was good," he said. After a minute or so he continued. "Now it's your turn Tom." I leaned back on the couch and smiled

Dave was a man on a mission. He began to stroke me with his wet hand as he was licking the head of my cock with his tongue. After a bit, he went back to using his mouth only, going deeper and deeper. Hot and wet, I ached as I could feel myself ready to explode. Pushing mu waist forward I screamed and came; hard!

One, two, three large spurts into his ready and willing mouth, I laid back, spent and content. Dave looked at me and opened his mouth, showing me what was left of my load. He swallowed it and smiled.

"That's what I'm talking about," he said." This could work out just fine."

I agreed and said he could come over anytime; anytime he wanted to get his dick sucked or wanted to suck mine.

"I can suck you off, even if you're too tired to suck me," I said. Dave assured me that that would never happen, but when it did the first time, I was good with it and so was he.

Dave and I have a sweet thing going on and it's taken a bit of a different turn recently. Last week, after we had sucked each other off I said to him..."I want to fuck your ass."