 It was a typical Sunday. By typical, I mean I was lounging around all day, surfing the web and catching up on some TV shows. I wasn't feeling great, given the big night of drinking the night before, so I was quite content with moving as little as possible.

However, as often happens when you are bored, I started to get a little horny later in the afternoon. I started with my usual go-to porn sites. My favourite stories and videos included jocks and twinks, and generally any rimming scene would send me over the edge.

But today, it just wasn't doing the trick. I needed something more. So I opened a gay dating app. 

Dating apps don't normally do much for me. There's only so much I can put up with cheesy pick-up lines from 50 year olds pretending to be 20, sending me pictures that I don't ask for, that are either clearly fake, or completely off-putting. But there is normally one or two guys my age, that are actually good to talk to. 

I was chatting to a couple of guys, just about general stuff and it wasn't really leading anywhere, despite the guys being very polite and nice to talk to. An inbox came up, from a 19 year old called 'MC'. 

We got talking, and really hit it off. He was bi, a top, and was just looking to meet up if anyone was keen.

I told him about me. I'm 20 years old, work in finance, blond hair with blue eyes, and a gym fit body.

He told me that he is an earth mover, just turned 19, and with a similar body.

After what was a relatively short discussion, we decide to meet up. He came to pick me up from my house in his ute.

'Hi, I'm Jake', I said, as I climbed in to his ute.

'Michael,' he said, holding his hand out for me to shake.

He began to drive, and we really hit it off, talking about school, work, girlfriends, and sport. We got to talking about guys, and our attraction to them.

'Well, I'm really a top,' he said, after I asked him what he liked. 'I mean, one day I might try it, but at this stage I don't really see the appeal in being on bottom. What about you?'

'I'm the opposite, I really get more pleasure out of giving another guy pleasure. Especially sucking another guy off and making him cum, it really turns me on,' I said with a laugh.

'This might work well then!', he said with a cheeky smirk on his face.

Michael drove us into one of his worksites, it was a large derelict shed that was being rebuilt to house a big regional car dealership. He assured me that we wouldn't be disturbed. He pulled up and we got into the back seat where there would be more room. 

We got to that awkward moment where we were crossing the line between being two guys just hanging out, and two guys that were genuinely meeting up for a hookup. 

I have to laugh at the irony looking back on the situation. We had met on a gay dating app, we were sitting in the back seat of his ute, in a secluded site where no guys would generally just hang out, and had already agreed that we were meeting up to have fun. Yet there was still a moments hesitation from both of us before we actually started to do anything.

'Fuck it,' I said, as I ran my hand from his knee and up to his crutch. 

He fumbled with his belt as he rushed to get his pants off. He pushed his pants to his feet followed by his underwear. His flaccid, uncut cock flopped up into his pubes. 

I had to admire the sight for a moment before I did anything. He sat there with a rugby jumper on and a Nike sports cap. His pants were around his ankles, and he was pulling his shirt up just above the belly button to give me better access. His body was extremely attractive to me. Thick muscular thighs, with a light haze of blonde hair running along them. Thick, dark pubes that you could see run up into his happy trail and around his belly button. And there was the nice, thick, round balls that were hanging low between his legs, with hair surround them and leading down towards what I imagine would be a nice tight, pink pucker. And then his cock, slowly getting hard, growing in his pubes and beginning to stand up. It had to be 4 inches soft, with a foreskin half covering a light pink, mushroom head.

I immediately felt my crotch starting to grow. I reached over and started to jerk his cock to get it hard. I felt like it became hard almost instantly, reaching it's full might at around 7 inches long, with the mushroom head fully protruding from his foreskin. 

I leaned over and placed his cock in my mouth.

'Oh yeah,' moaned Michael. 'That feels good, keep going.'

I began to suck and bob my head up and down. I tried to form a tight seal with my lips and get his cock as deep as possible down my throat. I continued to bob while I played with his balls with my left hand, my right hand placed between the seat of his ute and his ass. 

I continued like this for about 10 minutes, switch hands and jacking him off in between breaths, motivated by Michael's constant moaning. 

I got a bit braver and started pushing his cock as far as I could down my throat. I eventually found my gag reflex and this sent Michael over the edge.

'Oh yeah, keep going Jake, that feels so good!'

Michael's hand started rubbing my stiff crotch and reached into my jeans. He started jerking my cock until it was standing at full mast. 

He unzipped my jeans and my cock sprung out.

'Play with my ass,' I breathed as I took a break and jerked his cock.

'Really?' Michael moaned.

'Do it, please.' I said.

I continued to suck him and deepthroat him, as he worked his hand down my back towards my ass. 

I felt his warm fingers start to rub my tight hole. This made me even more eager to get him off, and I sucked him even harder. After about 5 minutes of this, Michael's breath started to get sharp and rapid.

'I'm close,' he gasped.

'Fuck my face!' I said.

Michael didn't need anymore encouragement than that. He stopped playing with my ass and grabbed my head with both hands. He bunny fucked my face for about 2 minutes. After 2 minutes, he asked where I wanted to take his load. 

All I could do was moan.

He took that to mean I wanted it in my mouth. Luckily he was correct.

He continued to fuck my face for another minute or so, until he shot load after load into my mouth. 

'Wow!' Michael gasped. 'That was amazing!'

'Thanks haha.' I said, as I pulled away from his cock. 

I came up about level with his face, and looked him in the eyes properly for what was the first time. Michael leaned in and kissed me lightly on the lips. I kissed him back, slowly working my tongue into his mouth and tasting him. The kiss lasted about 30 seconds, before he pulled away and asked:

'I suppose I better help you finish! Do you want me to jerk you off?'

'No,' I replied. 'But let me jerk off while looking at your ass'.

I knew he wouldn't let me play with his ass so I figured this was the next best option. He happily obliged. He turned around, got on all fours on the back seat, and spread his cheeks in front of me. 

He teased me with his hole, while I jerked myself to completion. I finished by getting out of the ute and shooting into the muddy ground outside. 

'Thanks so much dude,' I said to Michael.

'No, thank you! That was by far the best BJ I have ever been given!' Michael responded. 

We continued to chat as though we were old mates while Michael drove me home. We swapped numbers when he dropped me off, and agreed that we would definitely have to meet again.

'Next time, I think we'll need a bed,' I said.

'Definitely,' Michael winked at me.