 I started sucking cock years ago and got pretty good at it. I still blow several of those guys I started with to this day. I sometimes picked up strangers at bars when I went out and I would blow them in their car or we would get a motel room. Then one night a few years ago I was extremely horny.

It was a rare that I didn't have a cock at all that day. I went out to a bar with one thing on my mind, find a guy and blow him. That night I met Clark, we started talking and after a while I got up the nerve to ask him what I was there for.

Nervously I asked, "Would you like a blowjob?"

"Sure, I would love one." Clark answered

I was surprised he accepted right away but very happy and more comfortable.

I said, " I know of a motel a few blocks from here."

"Let's just go into the bathroom." Clark said.

I replied, "I never gave a blowjob in a public bathroom before."

Clark said, "There is a first time for everything."

I asked, "What if we get caught?"

Clark answered, "Don't worry about it. It will be exciting for you."

I was nervous and scared about getting caught but I got up and followed him in the bathroom. There were a few guys in there but that didn't stop Clark.

He said, "Here's an empty stall, let's go in."

I could see a few of the guys look at me as he held the door open for me. I nervously walked in and he followed closing the door behind us. I then heard some of the guys saying something then started laughing. 

I asked, "What about those guys out there?"

Clark said "Who cares about them. Don't worry about what other people think. You will probably never see any of them ever again. Just relax and have some fun. Now sit down."

I did, and he stood in front of me and I unbuckled his belt and unbuttoned his jeans. I was getting so excited and my cock was rock hard in my pants, but I was concentrating on him. I pulled his pants and underwear down at the same time and his enormous cock popped out nearly hitting me in the face. I have sucked big cocks before, but this might be the biggest.

He is at least 10 inches and thick with big hairy balls that overfill the palm of my hand. I took his giant cock in my hand and began stroking him until he was fully erect. My own dick wanted to burst out of my pants as I cupped and fondled his balls while licking his glans and pee hole, getting his cock head nice and wet. His pre-cum was dripping out as I took his cock head in my mouth.

I continued to play with his balls while I sucked his cockhead and stroked his shaft. He was moaning loudly not even trying to hide the fact that he was in the stall getting a blowjob and I could hear the giggling and talking of the other men in the bathroom, but I was having such a good time I didn't care anymore. 

I began sliding more of his shaft in my mouth, bobbing up and down on his cock. I could taste his pre-cum and that made me hornier than I already was. I took as much of his cock in my mouth as I could. His cock was so thick it was stretching my mouth to its limit.

Clark moaned "Take it all in!"

I tried but he was just too big, I could only get a little more than half of his cock in my mouth and then he grabbed my head with both hands and pushed his hips forward. I began choking and tried to pull away.

Clark said, " Just relax, breathe through your nose." I did, and he pushed more and more of his cock in my mouth. I still couldn't take it all, but I felt his cockhead hitting the back of my throat. He pulled back and let me continue sucking him and playing with his balls. I then began bobbing up and down on his shaft while jerking him off.

After several minutes he was ready to cum. I backed off his cock keeping just his head in my mouth and jerked his shaft. He let out a loud moan and shot a huge spurt of cum that I could feel hit the back of my throat and filled my mouth. I quickly swallowed as several more spurts filled my mouth. He was moaning loudly as he continued to cum. The spurts became smaller and I let the cum gather in my mouth, so I could get a good taste.

He was done, and I swallowed every drop and continued to suck his cock as I felt him starting to soften. I continued sucking until he pulled out. The taste of cum was still in my mouth and it was so good, I love the taste of cum. I couldn't take my eyes from his huge flaccid cock, it looked so sexy hanging there.

I looked up at him and said, "I would love to do that again!"

He said, "You are a good cocksucker but if you want to blow me again there is a catch."

I said, "Whatever it is I will do it."

Then what he said caught me completely off guard. 

He said, "I would become your alpha cock and you would have to obey me with all things sexual, you would become my cock slave."

I didn't know what to say but I wanted his cock again, so I agreed.

He said, "You should think about it first because I will make you do things you have never done or thought about before, let's go get a drink and you can think about it."

He put his cock back in his pants and opened the stall door and several guys were looking at us whispering and laughing with each other. Clark just walked past them without a care, but I was embarrassed, and I could feel my face get hot as I was blushing. 

We got a beer and sat at a table and he said "If you agree to be my slave you can't get embarrassed so easily. I will make you do things much more embarrassing than this."

I said, "I could work on that."

He said, "Ok but once we start you can't back out."

I promised I wouldn't. 

He said, "Good we will start tomorrow. The first thing I need is a key to your house."

I asked, "What for?"

He said, "You'll see.

He was right I couldn't have imagined what came next.