 My buddy Tom and I were sitting in my kitchen drinking beer when the topic of conversation, which up to then had been about the chances of the city's football team ever winning another game, turned to sex.

Tom and I were getting to know each other again. We had run into each other several weeks before at our high school reunion. 

I recognized him immediately. He hadn't changed much in twenty years, although he had packed a few pounds on his swimmer's body. We hadn't been close in school, so I was surprised that we seemed to hit it off so well. So well that now we were hanging out two or three nights a week.

It was Tom who brought up sex."I bet you didn't know we're Eskimo brothers," he said, as a wide grin spread across his lips and lit up his eyes.

My baffled look answered the question. He chuckled and finished his beer.

"You didn't know?" he said. "You remember Pattie Sue?"

"Yeah." I said. She had been my first.

"I fucked her." He leered at me. "I think you did, too."

"I did," I admitted.

"There you go!" he said. "Eskimo brother!"

"I think she fucked everybody in the senior class," I said. "Did you see her at the reunion?"

"No. I looked for her. She didn't come."

"Didn't come for me either, as I recall, I said."

"Maybe you weren't big enough," he said with a smirk. "She came when I did her."

Tom was hung. I remembered eying his big cock in the showers after gym class. I envied him.

He spent the next twenty minutes and two beers going on about all the girls he had nailed in high school. Tom tells great stories; I pictured the girls he said sucked and fucked his big cock and began day-dreaming. He interrupted my fantasy with a question.

"How about you? You getting any?"

"Oh. Not since Emily left," I said. 

"What was she like?" he said. "I mean in bed."

"Okay." I didn't want to talk about Emily. It only reminded me how much I missed her.

"Come on, 'okay' is all you can say about your girlfriend?"

"Ex-girlfriend," I said.

"Yeah, yeah. Okay. Did she blow you?"

"Yes, she blew me, and I went down on her," I said with an edge of anger.

"Hot. Was she good?"

"Like I said, she was okay."

"On a scale of one-to-ten, how would you rate her?"

"Jeez! You're obsessed with blowjobs." Actually, it was me that was becoming bewitched about blowjobs. I couldn't stop thinking about, his big cock.

"Come on, rat her. I mean rate her"

"One to ten? I'd give her a four." I said, "I could do better."

"What do you mean 'do better'? You ever suck a cock?" 

"No," I lied, I had actually sucked two. "But I think I could give a better blowjob than Emily."

"Prove it," he said, getting to his feet.

I was suddenly as nervous as a preacher in a titty bar. What was I doing?

Before I could back out, Tom unbuckled his belt, unzipped, and dropped his jeans. He wasn't wearing underwear and his cock popped out like a quick draw and straight as a gun barrel pointing at my face. My eyes widened and my mouth went blotter dry. 

"Put your money where your mouth is, I mean your mouth right here," he said. He smiled and began stroking it. "Come on, don't lie. You've been thinking about it all night."

My heart thudded. He must have read my mind. I reached out and grasped the biggest cock I had ever seen. I felt the girth as I wrapped my fingers around it and got even more aroused. I slowly stroked it, sliding the tight skin back and forth. Pleasure showed in his eyes. His cock felt hard as a hammer handle and almost as long. He was breathing in short rasps. 

I couldn't resist the urge to take his cock in my mouth. I slipped off my chair and dropped to my knees. I looked up at him, the unasked question showing on my face.

"If you want to suck it," he said, almost a whisper, "I don't mind."

Close up his cock looked enormous. I took the head in my mouth and squeezed it with my lips. I rubbed it with my tongue. I fondled his balls. Tom gasped and moved his hips. 

I ran my tongue around the head of his cock and up and down the shaft. I took about half the length in my mouth and sucked. He moved his hips and I let him fuck my mouth. My hands shook as I grasped his strong thighs with both hands. I was getting hard.

All at once Tom thrust eagerly. His body tensed and his cock swelled in my mouth. Shots of cum burst out of it and gagged and choked me sliding down my throat.

He looked down at me. The corners of his mouth turned up and his eyes crinkled. "You all right?" he said, suppressing a giggle. He wiped a gob of cum off my chin with his finger.

"I wasn't ready for that," I said breathlessly.

"I got off quick. It wasn't much of a blow job, but it was fucking exciting. That's why I came so quick." He pulled up his jeans and buckled them.

I climbed back on my chair. "I just swallowed a shit load of your cum and you say 'It wasn't much of a blow job'?"

"Oh, I'm sorry, did I hurt your feelings?"

"You did. I thought I did pretty good," I said.

He frowned at me and patted my head. "Sorry. Would you feel better if I said you're a great cocksucker?"

I mumbled "Uh-huh. Only next time let me know when you're gonna come." I hoped next time he wouldn't get off so fast so I could suck that massive dick longer.

I didn't think next time would be so soon. 

Tom said, "Let's go in the bedroom. That took the pressure off, now I'm ready to get down."

I couldn't refuse. I was aroused as a gerbil in heat. I led the way to the bedroom.

We tore off our clothes and I grabbed his cock, only half-hard now. I sat on the edge of my bed and began sucking him again. He got hard quickly and I wanted that huge beast in me.

"I want you to fuck me," I said, croaking out the words. 

"I thought you'd never ask," he said. I fumbled in the drawer of the night stand and brought out a tube of lubricating jelly. The plastic tube made a farting sound as I squeezed some lube out into my shaking hand. I smeared it on his cock, stroking it and circling it around the big head. I wiped my asshole with the lube and probed it with two fingers to wet and loosen it. I knelt on the bed and Tom climbed up behind me. He began to slither his cock up and down the crack of my ass.

"I'm going in, easy," he said. "Okay?"

"Yes." I wanted his cock in me, wanted to be filled with it.

He put a finger in my ass gently, and moved it in and out. "Try to relax."

Tom removed his finger and replaced it with his cock. He was pressing it into me. It felt hard and thick as a baseball bat. I had a moment of dread, but I couldn't chicken out, so I just said, "Okay, okay."

He pushed a little harder. "Going easy. You okay?"

"Uh-huh. You can push a little more." I didn't say it, but I wanted him to slam it into me and split my ass in two.

I focused on relaxing my ass and he put the head of his cock in a little more. I grunted.

"Still okay?" he said.

I nodded and another inch came in. He pulled back and pushed again. Another inch. It was beginning to hurt. I felt a burning sensation as he pushed again.

"God, you're tight," he sighed.

"I think we need more lube," I said.

He withdrew. I grabbed the tube of lube and squeezed a glob as big as a quarter into my palm. I reached back and slathered lube on him. His cock was as hard as a doorknob. I rubbed the rest on myself and pushed two fingers in as deep as I could. "Try now," I told him, and put my head on the pillow and reached back with both hands and spread my ass.

"Going in," Tom said, real easy."

I felt the pressure of his cock, cold with the lube, and willed my ass to relax, to just let go. Suddenly he put more force behind it and I felt his cock slipping little by little inside me. I clenched involuntarily and when I let go I felt it moving in and out as Tom started thrusting. In and out, each stroke probing a little deeper into me. It felt incredibly nice. I began to moan.

"I'm getting there," he said. "Is it okay?"

"Hell, yes," I groaned, a bit too loud.

Tom pulled out. I felt empty. He grabbed my hips and rolled me over. He got off the bed and dragged my legs over the side and my feet hit the carpet. Then he spread my legs and put his cock back where I wanted it.

"It's good, man, it's very good," he said, sounding out of breath. He had my shoulders pinned to the bed and he was ramming me roughly. 

I felt totally submissive, fully under his control. His cock slamming in and out of my ass was unbelievably good. Every thrust sent waves of pleasure through me. I knew then if it got too intense I couldn't stop it. Excitement seemed to fill the room and I submitted to it. I was in a state of ecstasy I never felt before, didn't think possible.

"Yes," I groaned, out of my head. "Fuck me, fuck me."

As he pumped harder and harder, my ass went slack and he buried his mammoth cock in me. He was breathing hard. Our balls were touching. My fully erect cock was bouncing against my groin. I moved my hips to match his thrusts. 

I don't know how long we fucked. It seemed to go on and on. More strange and wonderful sensations never felt before swept through me, setting me on fire with pleasure.

He continued to thrust deep in and out and suddenly I stiffened and was wrenched with a long, intense anal orgasm. It was like coming, only deeper. The spasm squeezed his cock so tight he moaned.

My ass was loose as an old whore's pussy and he pounded faster and I felt the beginning of an orgasm. Tom moaned. I felt his cock grow bigger and harder. My balls squeezed tight and my cock stiffened. I felt spurts of his hot cum deep inside. Spasms of ecstasy began, gentle at first, then, each one more intense, until an explosion of pure pleasure drove me so totally mindless I can't even describe it. I sagged down on the bed and felt the puddle of my cum on the sheet hot against my chest.

Tom helped me back on the bed and flopped down next to me. "Oh, fuck!" he croaked. "That was fan-fucking-tastic!"

I agreed but I was too wiped out to speak. I nodded my head on the pillow. I reached over and squeezed his cock. It was soft and hot and sticky. Cum seeped out of my ass.

I must have dozed off for an instant before Tom slapped my ass and roused me.

"Hey, you're my bitch now," he said, chuckling. "I made you my bitch."

"Yeah, I'm definitely your bitch," I said groggily.

He slapped my ass again. "I love your bitch ass," he said.

"I love your cock in my bitch ass."

He rubbed my ass cheeks. "This is a great ass."

"Are you going to admire it or put something in it?"

"Really? You want some more?"

I spread my legs wide and wiggled my ass. "If you have any more, I'll take it."

"You got it, bitch." He grabbed a pillow and shoved it under my pelvis. He climbed between my legs and eased his cock deep in my upturned ass. I groaned. I'd be sore tomorrow but I didn't care.

"Oh, fuck me," I moaned.

Tom leaned on his hands and thrust. I sobbed with pleasure. I was his bitch, and I hoped I'd be his bitch for a long time.