 I'd been working away from home for several weeks and quite frankly was getting bored of the same old routine. Staying alone in a hotel room for days at a time was beyond boring to say the least and even a quick wank at the end of the day was becoming monotonous. The occasional phone sex with my wife helped, but nonetheless I needed some excitement. I had been out on the factory floor and overheard a couple of guys talking about a local dogging site which didn't sound too far from where I was staying. I have never got involved in this sort of thing, but I decided it could do no harm if I at least went over there and had a look. I was over 300 miles from home, so there was no chance of anyone recognising me, or so I hoped anyway.

That evening I checked online to see exactly where this place was. From what I could tell it was the car park of some local woods, so should be dead quiet in the dark of night. As I got into my car to make the short journey I really didn't know what to expect, but felt that if I parked at safe distance to any action that might be taking place then all should be well.

I turned off the main road and followed the signs to the woods up a long winding road that was well off the beaten track. It was only a couple of minutes before I arrived at the car park. There were a handful of cars already in there. There were a couple of cars in the far corner and several people standing around. I had no idea what the code of conduct was, so I pulled into a space away from any other cars, turned the engine off and sat down to watch. It was difficult to tell what was going on but from what I could see the men were taking it in turns to go to an open car door and presumably get sucked or wanked off by whoever was in the car and then move off to be replaced by someone else. I couldn't see a great deal of what was going on but whatever it was just the thought of it was starting to turn me on. I was sorely tempted to go over there, but stayed where I was. I could see a couple of guys standing with their cocks out, wanking them slowly as they awaited their turn. I wasn't really sure why, but watching them play with themselves was making me really hard. I'd never been into men so was a bit confused by this, but nonetheless it felt good. Nobody was around so thinking it couldn't do any harm I unzipped my flies and released my hardening penis from my trousers.

I wasn't really paying attention as I was now lost in enjoying stroking my cock but a white van had pulled up in the space next to mine. Shit, I quickly put my cock back inside my trousers. The fella in the van quite clearly knew what I was up to and gave me a nod of acknowledgment as I sheepishly smiled in return. He leant over and wound down the window of his van, beckoning me to do the same. I wound my window down.

"First time here?" he called across, "not seen you about before."

"Er yeah," I stammered, "just curious really."

"That's how we all start off," he replied. 

"Nothing to worry about though, most of us are regulars here but always good to see a new face. Enjoying the show?" he said pointing at the other side of the car park.

"Sort of, although can't really see much."

"Join me in here then you'll get a better 

view," he said.

I didn't think that was a very good idea.

"I'd rather not if you don't mind," I answered.

"It's nothing to be afraid of, I won't bite. After all everyone's here for the same reason."

I've no idea what I must have been thinking, but I wound my window back up, got out of my car and climbed into the passenger seat of the van. The fella must have been a few years older than me, probably early fifties.

"I'm Mac," he said offering me his hand. "You don't need to tell me your name if you don't want to."

I shook his hand and did indeed decide it was best to remain anonymous.

"So you come here a lot?" I asked.

"Interesting turn of phrase," he laughed, "but yes, you could say that."

He was right, I could see a lot more from where I was sitting. There were about six or seven men taking it turns by the side of the car and I could just about see a woman with long blonde hair sucking and wanking each of them.

"You can go over and get involved if you want," offered Mac, "or just stay here and enjoy the show."

"Do you join in?" 

"Sometimes, or sometimes I'll just sit in my van and well you know," he replied. "Depends how busy it is over there."

I got the picture.

"Actually do you mind?" he said, putting his hand on his zip.

"What? Oh er, I guess not, it's your van," I answered.

Mac leaned back, undid his fly and pulled out his semi hard cock. Apart from an occasional glance in a men's locker room, I had never seen another man's cock in the flesh before. It was pretty impressive to say the least and certainly bigger than mine. Mac caught me looking.

"Not bad huh?" he laughed.

I could feel myself going red.

"No need to get embarrassed friend, anything goes around here and nobody's telling. Wanna get yours out?"

He was sitting there stroking his cock to full hardness as he said this. Mine was now rock hard and very uncomfortable in my trousers. Fuck, what harm could it do. I undid the buttons on my jeans and pulled them down, along with my boxers, freeing my cock.

"Shaved eh?" he said looking impressed. "Very nice. I should try that myself sometime."

"Makes it easier to clean up," I joked.

"Well, why don't we just enjoy the show for a while," he said, and made himself comfortable whilst he wanked himself very slowly in front of me.

I did the same, stroking my cock up and down, feeling drops of pre cum wet my helmet making it all slick and shiny. The woman in the car had now got out and was bent over the bonnet with her knickers down to her knees and her skirt lifted up over her waist. A man was standing behind her ready to penetrate her gaping pussy.

"Man that looks good," I said, groaning as I did so.

"The woman, or my cock?" Mac answered.

"Both," I blurted out.

Mac raised his eyebrows at me and let go of his cock. 

"Why don't you take over then?" he suggested.

Like I said, I had barely seen a man's cock before let alone been near one.

"I don't think..."

"Go on, I've seen you looking, what harm can it do? Anything goes remember."

I've no idea what I was thinking, but I was beyond turned on. I let go of my cock and took hold of his in my hand. Wow, it felt so good and yet so strange having a cock in my hand that wasn't my own. Pre cum was also dribbling out of the end of his cock and I rubbed it around the head as I pulled back and forth on his foreskin.

"Man that's good. You done this before?" he groaned.

"God no, you?" I replied.

"I'd be lying if I told you this was the first time," he answered.

That didn't really surprise me, kind of made sense why he parked next to the new kid in town. I continued to wank his rock hard shaft, enjoying the feeling of his arousal, but still not quite understanding why I was so turned on. I glanced over to see the blonde lady now squatting down sucking the cock of the man who had been fucking her and watching in awe as he sprayed his cum all over her face and tits. Several of the other men applauded as she moved onto the next one.

"This is good man," Mac moaned bringing me back to the scene inside the van. "You mind if I touch your cock?"

I didn't even have time to answer before Mac had leant over and grabbed my penis. I didn't stop him. I let out a long moan as he took me in his hand and stroked me. I was certain he had done this before. He was working every inch of my cock and reaching down to fondle my hairless balls. 

"Lift up a bit," he said.

I shifted myself in the seat as he reached beyond my balls and started to probe the opening of my arse crack. I gave a little shudder of pleasure as he pushed his finger just inside my hole and I grabbed even tighter onto his cock.

"You like that?" he asked.

I didn't answer, but just let out a moan and moved myself a bit more so he could slip his finger right in. My wife occasionally fingered my asshole so this was not new, but having a stranger doing it to me in a car park, and another man at that, had me turned on beyond belief and I knew it wouldn't be too long before I shot my load. Judging by the throbbing coming from Mac's cock I knew he was not far off either.

"Do you want to suck me off?" he suddenly asked. "Nothing like the feeling of a man coming in your mouth for the first time."

I didn't need to be asked twice. In order to get comfortable he slipped his finger out of me, much to my disappointment, and let go of my cock.

"Don't worry, you won't miss out," he grinned.

I leant over to get into a good position and found myself staring at the bulging head of his cock, ready to go down on a man for the first time in my life. I pulled his foreskin back and took his helmet into my mouth. It tasted a lot better than I imagined as I licked around his head and then bobbed up and down sucking and slurping on his shaft. I could tell by the noises coming from him that he was happy with what I was doing. Mac held onto the back of my head as I tried to take as much of his shaft as possible. In return for him fingering my ass, I pushed my hand underneath him and slipped two fingers straight up his arse which was wet, or sweaty, I wasn't sure which. That was clearly enough for him though. 

"I'm gonna cum in your mouth you little cock sucker," he shouted out.

There was nothing I could do other than continue to suck furiously on his cock as jet after jet of tasty thick cum shot into my mouth. I tried to swallow as much as I could but there was too much and it was spilling out and back down his rigid member.

"Keep sucking, take it all," he begged.

I wanked and sucked getting as much out of his cock as I could, before I finally felt him relax and moan with pleasure as he leant back into the seat. I took his soaking wet cock from my mouth, feeling his cum dripping down my chin, and held it until it started to soften.

"Fuck me, that was champion man and you say you've never done this before?" he said smiling at me. "That's the best blow job I've had around here, and believe me I've had a few."

I took that as a compliment, but wasn't quite sure what I was meant to do now as I was on the brink of coming. Was he going to finish me off? He clearly read my mind.

"You want me to do you now? You can always go and finish off over that lovely young lady."

I'd almost forgotten about what was going on across the car park.

"I do have some condoms if you wanted to come inside me," he offered.

"What?" I stammered.

"Up to you, plenty of room in the back, or outside of the van if you prefer?"

Jeez, I just taken a cock in my mouth for the first time, was I now going to fuck a man as well for the first time? It didn't really matter what I thought, my ultra turned on body had already made the decision.

"Outside the van," I said forcefully and not even bothering to pull my trousers up I opened the door and scrambled out.

"Good choice," agreed Mac.

Mac cleaned himself up with a couple of tissues and then reached into his glovebox and grabbed a condom. I wasn't sure if we needed lube, but having had my fingers up his arse I knew he would easily take me. Mac pulled his trousers and pants down to his ankles and braced himself against the front of the van. I still couldn't get my head around what I was about to do, but I had no intention of turning back. I ripped open the condom packet and quickly slipped the rubber sleeve down my cock. I got myself into a position behind Mac and pushed my cock against his wet hairy hole. He took me and guided my into the entrance and then let me do the rest. I pushed myself up into his dark warm hole and then proceeded to slowly fuck him. The tightness of him around my cock was so incredible and I knew I wouldn't last long. I pumped my shaft into him, groaning with unbridled pleasure. I felt the familiar build up of my orgasm creeping up on me and knew it was going to be a big one.

"I'm cumming," I screeched, clearly forgetting where I was.

"Shoot your cum in me," he begged.

And I did. My orgasm hit me like never before as I thrust again and again into his arsehole, creamy cum filling the inside of the condom as I grabbed his hips tight. It seemed like an age before I felt myself come down again and I continued to slide my softening penis into him. Eventually I was spent and I pulled out with a sticky popping sound. Only then did I realise that we had gained an audience. All the people, including the blonde girl, had gathered around to watch the show and as I turned around there was a round of applause. I also noticed that one man had shot his load all over the floor, presumably whilst watching. The blonde girl came over and kissed me on the lips and gave my cock a squeeze as I pulled the condom off.

"Nice show new boy," she winked.

"Yeah, that was good stuff fella," said Mac as he pulled his trousers back up. 

Mac shook my hand. "Not so bad eh?" he smiled.

"Not so bad," I agreed.

I knew I should feel really guilty and horrified by what I had just done, but that wasn't the case. I also knew that working away from home was no longer going to be full of boring lonely nights.