 I married a few years out of college to a girl I met there. Last year I attended a conference in Chicago. I was staying in a nice hotel that had privileges to the adjoining fitness center. In between sessions, I headed over and lifted some weights before taking in the men's only sauna. 

I had only been in there for a few minutes before three guys came in and sat down on the benches. As the wooden benches were extremely hot, I noticed one guy sat over in the corner on his towel while the two older gentlemen just sat down with their towels around their waist. About ten minutes later, the two older men left.

I was really unwinding as the sweat poured out of my body. My eyes focused on the floor when I seemed to catch movement out of the corner of my eye. I glanced up and saw that the guy who remained was gently stroking his cock which was swelling in his hand. His dick grew stiffer and stiffer until it stood on its own without his touching it. Then it seemed to jump as if on command, nodding up and down. My eyes darted upward and I saw his gaze fixed on me. His eyes locked on mine as a smile spread across his face.

My heart started pounding. I had never been attracted to another guy. In high school guys took showers together and I sometimes mentally compared the size of my dick to others but I never thought anything else about it. I grabbed my towel and hurried out the door. I took a cool shower letting my body temperature return to normal as well as the thoughts which were running through my mind.

I toweled off, took a few sips of cold water from the fountain, before peering back into the sauna through the glass window. My sauna partner was gone leaving only a wet spot on the bench where he had been seated. I figured since he was gone, I might as well return and finish my sauna. I sat down once again, closed my eyes as I leaned against the wooden wall and relaxed as the hot air surrounded my body. A few minutes later I heard the door open and felt the bench give as someone sat next to me. When I opened my eyes, I saw it was the same guy who earlier had been stroking his erection.

Perhaps I should have jumped up but I seemed frozen in place as he once again sat on his towel, his hand returning to his cock which lay proudly across his leg. Within minutes it again began to swell and begin to point to the ceiling. Try as I might, I could not keep my eyes from the dick which seemed to rock back and forth. As my eyes fixed on his cock, his leg moved over and touched mine. A surge shot through my body as my heart again pounded in my chest. I was old enough to know what was going on here but could not seem to move. 

As I debated in my head whether to leave again or see where this might lead, I watched as his hand moved through the folds of my towel, finding my dick which had also begun to swell. My cock was rock hard and he smiled again knowing the effect he was having on me. He pumped my cock with his hand as I closed my eyes letting his hand wander over my cock, stopping occasionally to fondle my balls. I felt my legs spread almost involuntarily as he gently stroked my manhood. Then I felt his fingers touch my cheek. As I opened my eyes I saw his face moving closer to mine. I knew I should jump up but I couldn't. Within seconds he had closed the distance to my lips. Here I was kissing another man, his lips pushing against mine. In my wildest dreams I could have never thought this could be happening. His tongue then pushed past my lips and he began kissing me like I often kissed my wife. At first I tried to keep my lips stiff but eventually began to relax and I felt I almost enjoyed his tongue which seemed to explore my mouth. It was much firmer than when my wife and I kissed.

He pulled back and I looked into his eyes. He reached down and began to toy with my nipple, pinching it between his fingers softly and then much harder until I thought my dick would explode. He let go of my nipple and took his finger and trailed it along my lip before he pushed it in my mouth. Leaning forward he whispered in my ear that I had a very pretty mouth. I could not believe what I was allowing this guy to do as I stared at the door fearing someone would walk through and see us together.

He asked if I had a room at the hotel and I heard myself telling him yes and even telling him the room number. He said to go up and he would meet me in a while. I headed to the showers again and rushed to my room. On the elevator and once back in my room, my heart was racing as I thought about what I had done and what might happen if he came up. I made myself a drink from the mini-bar to settle my nerves. Maybe he would forget the number. Maybe he wouldn't come.

Just then there was a knock at my door. I opened it and he walked through setting his gym bag down on the floor. He was dressed in an oxford shirt and trousers looking very differently than the nude figure who just minutes ago had seduced me in the sauna. He seemed to gaze at me, taking in his prize dressed in my gym shorts and t-shirt from earlier. As I released the door and it closed behind us he reached up his hand and cupped my face as his lips once again moved against mine. I felt myself seem to grow limp as he pushed my body up against the wall, pressing his pelvis hard against mine.

He reached down and pulled the bottom of my t-shirt, breaking our kiss as he tugged it over my head. I felt his other hand reaching down and pushing both the shorts and the briefs off in one motion. He had slipped off his loafers and his foot took my shorts the rest of the way down. He moved me away from the wall and I stepped free of my shorts. I opened my eyes and saw that I was standing naked before this stranger, still clothed except for his shoes.

One hand again stroked my cock and balls and the other twisted my nipple. It shot pains to my dick but I found I liked it. He reached up and returned his finger to my mouth as both of our tongues wrapped around it. When he removed it, his tongue wrestled with mine and I felt him reach back with both hands as he grabbed my ass cheeks in his hands. His right hand slid along my ass and I felt to his finger probe at my asshole. It was wet from our mouths as he gently pushed it into my opening. Deeper and deeper it went as he would pull his finger almost out before he would push it back.

After a few minutes he removed it and rested his hands on my shoulder pushing me down to the floor. When my knees were resting on the carpet, he undid his trousers and pushed them down. He didn't have on any underwear and his dick was already thick and big as it came into view right before my face. I knew exactly what he wanted and I knew I wanted it too. He again told me what a pretty mouth I had and he wanted me to kiss his dick with it. I brought my lips to his head. It was so soft and tasted just a little salty taste from the juice that seemed to come from its head.

He asked me to take his cock in my mouth and I complied. Here I was kneeling naked before a man, taking his dick in my mouth. His hands were on each side of my head guiding it on his rock hard pole. I felt saliva running out the corners of my mouth as I used my tongue to trace the shaft. My right hand stroked his cock as I took my dick in the other. I'm not sure how long I sucked on his dick before he pulled me up and once again pushed his tongue deep into my mouth.

He walked me over to the bed as we both lay down without ever seeming to break our embrace. His hand ran along my cock and balls and again wandered down to my ass and my asshole. I found myself opening my legs, inviting him to do what he wanted. He trailed kisses down my chin to my nipple taking it between his teeth. It hurt as he pulled at my nipple between his teeth, stretching almost pulling my body off the bed. His mouth trailed down my belly, his tongue pushing into my belly button before he found my dick and swallowed it whole.

My whole dick disappeared in his mouth which was warm and wet. I'm not sure my wife or any other girlfriend had ever given me better head. His hand fed both balls to his mouth which bathed them as I felt his body shift off the bed and begin tonguing the area between my balls and my ass. He flipped me over on my stomach as his tongue focused on my asshole and began to push into my rear. I had never had anyone lick me there. I felt his fingers push into my asshole as his tongue slid over my balls. As he fucked me with his fingers, I raised up on my knees and elbows, pushing back at him each time he pushed in with two and three fingers.

I tuned my head to the wall and saw our reflection in the dresser mirror. It was if I were watching a video of someone else. I saw him reach over and reach into the pocket of his trousers which were on the floor beside him. He took out a package and ripped it open with his teeth. My heart fluttered again as I saw him take the rubber and begin the slide it down his dick. He was going to fuck my ass. I knew there was no way that big thing could go in my ass no matter how much I enjoyed what he was doing with his fingers.

He had continued to tell me how much he liked my ass and what a firm butt I had. He reached around and grabbed my dick between his fingers. He removed his fingers from my butt and slipped up my back as he whispered in my ear, "You loved sucking on my dick didn't you?" I didn't say anything back as he again said, "You loved the feeling of my dick between your lips didn't you? Licking on my dick. Tell me how much you loved my dick." I couldn't believe it was me when I responded back, "Yea, I loved it." 

When I said it, his tongue pushed into my ear. He whispered again, "Are you my little bitch today?" When he said the word 'bitch' I felt a shot run through my body. I had sucked on his dick and I let him stick his fingers in my ass. I had done things I never imagined. Opening my eyes and looking back in the mirror I saw this man stretched over my body....me. He asked again, this time louder and more firmly, "Are you my little bitch boy?" This time I answered, "Yes, I'm your bitch." "What are you?" he again asked. "I'm your bitch. I love your cock. Fuck me with your cock."

I felt the head of his dick push at my asshole as I tensed up. He slapped my ass as I felt his dick slide in a little more. Each time I tightened he slapped a cheek taking my mind off the invading pole. Then in one push it seemed to slip in and he stopped. He didn't move as he reached up and twisted on my nipple and then stroked my cock. He moved slowly back and forth. I looked in the mirror as I saw his cock moving back and forth in my ass. He never pushed it all in yet my ass seemed full with his cock. After a few minutes of him slowly pushing back and forward my ass seemed on fire and I wanted more. I pushed back at him until I felt his big balls slapping my ass. He bit into my shoulder as he encourage me saying, "That's right, take my dick, take all my dick." I had never felt the feeling that was rushing through my body. Too soon, he pulled out with a popping sound as my asshole felt empty with his absence. He rolled me over on my back, removed the rubber, and without him touching his cock, it spurted across my body. 

I felt its warm splash on my cheek, across my stomach, as he aimed the remainder on my dick. His cock twitched as the reminder of hot come dripped on my dick which hardened in a pool of warm semen. I reached down and pulled on my dick just a couple of strokes before it too shot across my stomach. He leaned down, kissed me gently on the lips, before he walked off to the bathroom. I heard the water running to the shower as I seemed to drift off to sleep.

When I opened my eyes minutes later, he was standing nearby toweling his hair dry. His dick was now hanging limp between his legs. I'm not sure why I did it but I slid off the bed, crawled over to where he was standing and took his still wet member between my lips. I sucked on his dick as it swelled between my lips. This time taking it out and licking its length letting it rub across my lips and face. I stroked the cock placing it back in my mouth. I rubbed his balls as they tightened and I felt his dick harden. I knew he was going to cum as he grunted and I felt his hot semen splash on the back of my throat. I tried to swallow it but cum ran down my chin and as I removed his dick from my mouth he sent a couple more spurts on my face.

He took his towel and wiped my spit off his cock, dressed, and leaned down and kissed me once on the mouth before he opened the door and left. There I was sitting on the floor. Naked with dried come across my chest and crotch and a warm stream running down my face.

It's been a year since that happened to me. I haven't been with another man. But every time I fuck my wife with her on all fours, I imagine it's me with a hot dick pushing between my cheeks. I think about it a lot and I know that soon I will have to find another dick to suck. I want to be somebody's bitch and let them take me and have me worship their cock. I suppose once you've had it there's simply no going back.