 I've been straight my whole life. I've had plenty of girlfriends and have enjoyed all the pleasures a female body offers. I still consider myself straight. 

I have always loved blowjobs. Blowjob porn was my favorite. I loved any flick where the chick made the guy cum in her mouth. Facials were great but through experience I'd learned that cumming in a girl's mouth while she kept sucking was as close to fucking as you could get. That sensitive feeling in the cock head that occurs by continuing to stimulate the head after cumming? That almost-painful yet so exquisitely sweet feeling that makes you pant like a dog and try to pull out. That is the best feeling ever.

Watching videos of girls sucking thick hard cocks and making cum shoot in glorious spurts became such a focus that I began to seek out and fast forward to those scenes. I'd imagine those lips around my cock as I jacked myself off and edged myself. 

I became so fascinated with blowjobs that, in my late teens, I began to fantasize about sucking a cock. At first it was through MMF videos. Two men fucking some chick - one fucking her mouth and the other fucking her pussy. Then I found videos where one guy was sixty-nining the chick and his buddy started fucking her. The guy licked her pussy and then licked the other guys balls. Oh man! So fucking hot! Then his cock slipped out of her wet pussy and into the bottom guys mouth. I came buckets.

After that, I went to a porn shop a couple of towns over and bought a couple DVDs of dudes giving blowjobs. I memorized them over the years -even after I got married. After the internet happened? Fuck. I watched all kinds of porn but came about sixty percent of the time to some dude swallowing cock, getting facefucked, or eating cum. I was hooked.

But this was only fantasy. I told my wife and she played along reluctantly but that faded as the years passed. One day I got up the nerve and placed an ad on Craigslist. I got a few answers and finally agreed to meet up with a guy. 

John said he was also married and curious about sucking cock. Neither of us was in great shape but we were both reasonably attractive. We met up privately, smiled awkwardly and stripped. I walked up to him, reached out, and I finally held another man's penis in my hand. It was small and soft. I kept squeezing it in my hand, feeling the texture - comparing it to the feeling of my own cock in my hand. John did the same to my cock. I felt him start to get hard and decided to take the plunge. I wanted to suck a cock and I wanted to suck a soft cock and feel it get hard. 

I dropped to my knees in front of John and leaned in to smell his penis and pubic region. It smelled faintly of soap. I rubbed by nose into his crotch and moved it around his penis. After his floppy dick ran over my face, I slid down and licked the top of the head, up his dick until I hit his root. I backed up and picked the head with my tongue and slid a man's penis into my mouth. I finally had a penis in my mouth. A PENIS IN MY MOUTH.

I closed my mouth around it and pulled my head back. John Inhaled as his dick stretched through my tight lips until the head slid out. John's cock was more that half staff now and about five and a half inches long. I opened my mouth and swallowed as much as a could before clamping my lips tight again. Then I tried to push even more of his cock into my mouth. I got most of it in and tried to resist the gag reflex. 

John gasped "Ohhhh, Jesus! I thought you'd never sucked a cock before..."

I looked up to him and slid my tight lips off his cock. "I haven't...This is my first." I whispered hoarsely.

I moved down and licked his balls. I know that balls aren't as delicate as girls may think and dove in with my tongue and pushed one ball and then the next. I reached up and slowly slid my hand down and up his cock as I sucked one ball into my mouth.

I felt John tense up "- Easy!.." he whispered nervously. I let his ball slip from my mouth and sucked his other one in t replace the first. I pulled away slowly, rubbing his trapped ball with my tongue while jerking his six-inch shaft. I moved in closer and fished for the first ball again. I wanted to cram them both into my mouth. Was this possible? Yes. Yes it was, I discovered. 

With my mouth full of his scrotum, I tried to massage with my tongue as I pulled away from him gently. John moaned and put his hands on my head guiding my mouth back in close. I moved in and allowed his balls to slip wetly out of my mouth. I licked his shaft up to the head and slid my lips down his cock. I was shocked to discover just how soft his cockhead was. God! It felt so goddamned good in my o mouth.

I slid up with my lips clamped tight and then slid back down. I did this again and again. The shaft felt so hard while the skin was so soft. The cock head was like one big nipple made for me to suck on.

I did just that. I sucked on his cock head and slid my hand up and down his wet cock. I was loving the feel of this cockhead in my mouth. I was like a baby with a pacifier. My hands slid up and down and I sucked and licked the fat rimmed cockhead.

John began to push my head to move in rhythm with my hand and I allowed this. I bobbed my head with my hand and slowly began to pick up speed. I realized that there was a different flavor and wondered briefly if he'd cum in my mouth. I didn't really like it but it passed almost immediately. I kept bobbing and realized offhandedly that it was probably precum. 

I began to shake my head on the up and down motions and John kept pushing my head. Soon I felt his cock continually hitting the back of my throat causing me to retch slightly. John pushed on each downstroke and I heard myself making those blowjob sounds I'd only heard in pornos. 

"Agluh, agluh, agluh, agluh..." I heard as John forced his cock repeatedly into my mouth. I was so excited to finally be sucking a cock - no - I was getting facefucked! I was letting a man slam his hard cock into my mouth repeatedly! And I was loving it!

John pushed faster and began to basically shake my head around his cock. 

"Jesusah, jesusjesusjesus ohgodohgodyes yes yes YES Fucking Yeyes!" John yelled and I felt cum in my mouth. 

I though Id feel spurts or shots. I didn't. My mouth was suddenly filled with cum and it was getting pushed out by his cock. I thought I would swallow it but suddenly I was grossed out by the cum and let it slide around his cock. John pulled out and began to jack his cock furiously in my face. A last cum stream or two shot out onto my cheek and mustache. 

John was panting and still held my head with one hand. He let his cock go and it sat in front of my face, throbbing and shrinking. 

I had to have it soften in my mouth - it was always a fantasy of mine. I opened my mouth and swallowed Johns cock to the hilt. It was softer than before and initially slightly cold due to the cum and saliva. I closed my eyes as john sighed and swore again. I literally sucked his softening cock for another five minutes till John politely pried me off. 

"That..." John said as he began to get dressed, "That was fucking awesome. First time? Really?"

I laughed and shook my head. 

"You, my friend , are a pro." John was putting on his shoes. "We need to do this again. Maybe...ahh...you let me suck you? Right now... you know... I can't. You know... just came..."

I told him I got it. After I cum I lose that desire too.

John left and I jacked off and shot a crazy load - which I licked off my hand and swallowed.

After that, John and I met semi-regularly. Mostly I'd suck him off although he did give me quite a few awesome blowjobs. I eventually told him things I'd always wanted to try. I wanted to sit against a wall and be facefucked and I wanted to lie on a bed, on my back and be facefucked. I wanted to try to suck him and make him cum quickly so I could keep sucking him until he got hard and then suck him again. I wanted him to cum on my face. I wanted him to cum in my mouth. I wanted him to shoot a load down my throat. Once after he shot a surprising load all over my face, I told him I needed more cocks. "Bring me your friends and I'll suck them too!" I blurted out in a moment of passion.

I had him film some of these moments with my own phone and often jacked off to them. I loved the various cumshots. I loved to see myself throat fucked.

After about a year of us sucking each other - or, in reality, mostly me sucking him, we had an appointment. As usual, I get there first and stripped. I got his text and he said he'd "be there in 5". I got on my kneed, played with my cock lightly, and waited to receive my cock to suck.

John came in and stripped. His cock was already hard. 

"You ready to suck some cock, cocksucker?" John said as he wasted no time, walked over to me, and sid his cock into my mouth. 

John had gotten into the habit over the past months of calling me "cocksucker". I didn't mind it all all because I was his cocksucker. Plus, he sucked me too and there was some irony there.

John put his hands on my head and started fucking my mouth. He pulled out and ran his slobbery cock all over my face and began to beat me with it. This wasn't new and we'd gotten to understand what we liked over the past months.

"You like to suck cock, don't you?" John said as he slapped his hard dick on my tongue and face. Whapwhapwhapwhapwhapwhapwhap was the sexy sound it made.

John rubbed his balls on my face and I eagerly sucked them into my mouth. "Yeah, you like my balls, doncha? You like their cum. You like when I cum in your mouth...You like to eat cum, doncha cocksucker?"

I grabbed his cock and began to jerk it. "Yes! Yes, I love your cum. I love it when you cum in my mouth. I want your cum!" and I swallowed his cock to the base and savored the feeling. Then I slid up and down again with tight lips. I was quite a good cocksucker by now and knew exactly what John liked. I rotated my head and slid down and up keeping my lips tight against the hard shaft. I had become a true cocksucker. I really did enjoy it.

Wet, sloppy sounds of me sucking his cock filled the room. 

"You fucking cocksucker! You love cock. You want to suck me and swallow my cum? Then you want to suck more cocks, huh? You want to suck some big fat cocks? You want to swallow some more tasty cum, huh?" 

John continued as I slurped his penis greedily into my throat. Knowing he'd cum soon and yet afraid to make it happen so fast. John know that this talk of sucking cocks would drive me wild - it always did.

"Oh god! You- fuck yeah. Soooo gooood! God you want me to cum so you can suck some more cock? You want my cum so you can suck some black cock? Suck some big black cock? Oh god -yes! Sucker! Fucking suhhhhk!..."

John tried to talk but instead pulled my head to him and shot cum in my throat. Then he pulled me back off him leaving a thick streamers of spit and cum attached to his cock from my mouth and began to pump his cock with his fist. Thick spurts of cum shot across my face as John came violently. 

Slowing his fist and letting go of my hair, John panted and stepped back. 

"Bet you still want this cock, doncha. Bet you'd like even more cum, wouldn't ya?"

"Yeah John, I want to suck more cock. I want more cum. Let me suck you again. Give me more. I need more cock!" I said truthfully but repeating what I'd told him many times before.

"Well suck then then!" said a voice behind me.

I jumped and cringed, shocked beyond belief. Behind me was a man. Nude. And waving his long floppy dick at me.

"Whatthefuck!" I yelled. And looked up at the man and then at John. 

John was laughing and flashing his palms at me. Between laughs he said "Calm down, calm down. You said you wanted more cocks and more cum? I brought you both. These guys came here with me and watched you suck me off just now. Don't be fucking shy, now. Go on and suck'em off!"

The first guy was laughing too. He stepped closer and flopped his penis at me. "John tells me you suck him pretty good and that you wanted another cock or two. Well, here you go." He stuck his cock on my face.

After a moment of stunned pause. I laughed a bit and looked up at him. "Scared the living shit outta me, man." 

"Sorry dude" he said. "John said you'd suck me off, that's all".

I laughed again. After all, this guy's cock was on my face. 

I reached up and grabbed his cock. It was pretty big - pretty thick and long.

It was semi soft, about two inches wide and about six inches long. It felt so warm in my hand. I smelled it and felt my lust returning.

"What a nice cock" I said out loud but to myself. 

"You wait, man. It gets nicer" he said.

I rubbed it along my cheeks and across my face. I let it pull my lips around and got a faint taste. I dipped my head to lick the balls and was surprised by their size. 

"Holy shit!" I whispered. They were easily twice the size as mine or John's balls. I licked them and began to stroke the fat shaft. I sucked one ball and was able to actually gently fit it into my mouth. 

The man moaned. I felt his cock grow in my hand. I pulled my head up until the ball plopped free.

I looked up at the man and then at John.

"Suck it, cocksucker!" he said with a smirk.

I turned back to the cock and licked the head. It was gorgeous. The head was large and spongy. I licked around the whole ridge before taking the head into my mouth. 

The man exhaled.

I ran my tongue over it inside my mouth and savored the texture of the head and ridge. I pulled off and stared at it as I jacked him off. The cock was now about eight inches long and still about two inches thick. The head was pronounced and the ridge was thicker than the shaft. This was a cock to bring a woman to orgasm. What a fuckin cock!

I licked the whole head and ridge again and sucked it into my mouth. I slid me head down to take more into my mouth. I was able to get maybe two inches past the head into my mouth. I marked this line with my fist and pulled off. I got about half of this monster in my mouth.

"Jesus Christ! What a cock!"

The man put his hand on my head. "I know man but you were doin good there. Don't stop."

I slid the head in my mouth again and went down as far as before. I decided to enjoy this monster cock and suck it for me - not to make it cum.

I kept the head and shaft in my mouth and pressed my tongue against it in my mouth. I applied suction and twisted my head. IT felt so damned good in my mouth. It felt to big. So hard. And yet, as always, the head remained strangely forgiving. It was like a massive nipple. I sucked and bobbed and twisted my head.

"Ummm...so good" the man said and began to move my head up and down his fat cock.

I took as much as I could in my mouth but that was only about 4 inches total. I slid up and then down. Then Up and down again. After a while, the man grabbed my head and started pistoning it up and down his cock. I just kept his glorious cock head in my mouth and tried to savor that feel. I moved my hand in unison with my head. My other hand was gently kneading his large balls. 

The grip on the sides of my head became tighter as the speed increased. I could ne longer keep any control with my mouth and just kept my lips tight and working together with my hand. The thick wet sounds of his cockhead popping out of my lips and sliding back in was music to my ears. Only cocksucking made this sound.

The man panted "So fucking good. You're so. Fucking good! Gonna cum. I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna..."

The man squeezed my head and held me still just as a fountain of cum filled my mouth around his cock. I gagged involuntarily as the cum sprayed out of my mouth, squeezed between my lips and his cock.I felt his legs quiver and his body shudder as he quickly pulled his massive cock out and back into my mouth with each shake of his body. I gagged again as thick cum poured from my mouth and down my chin.

The man pulled me close and tried to fit even more of his cock into my mouth. No more would fit and the softening cock bent. The man shook again and allowed his cock to slide out of my mouth. I took a huge breath and coughed as I breathed in some of his cum. I looked up through my watery eyes and saw that John was pointing his phone at me. 

"Dude! There is so much fucking cum! Holy shit, man!"

I wasn't even bothered that he was filming me. I know 'd want to see what had just happened. 

I wiped my eyes and realized I had cum on my cheeks. I wiped my chin and cam away with thick globs of stringy cum. I licked my palm clean.

I had the man's cum on my chest and even on my dick. I was a cum covered mess.

I've since learned that the man's name was Ted. I also learned that, coincidentally, he worked with my wife. So there was that.

I've blown both of them together and separately. John and I have blown Ted together. Ted is asking if we can arrange something with my wife. For now, we haven't gotten anywhere close to even really considering this. Who knows though...