 Ever since I was a teenager, I had wondered about the world of gay saunas. I realised during my teens that I was bisexual - I couldn't imagine a relationship with a man, but I knew I wanted to have sex with one at some point.

Most of my early sexual encounters were with women, but during my time at University I had met a couple of guys online and hooked up. It was almost always a disappointment; the first man I was with was twice the age he'd told me, his cock was half the size, and he came in my mouth unannounced in less than a minute. Many meetings were similarly underwhelming, but I persevered with the odd meet because it felt there was an unexplored part of my sexuality waiting to be tapped into.

After a few years I began to work out what I was - and wasn't - looking for. I was a bottom, longing to feel a hard throbbing cock inside me, and a cum lover to boot. Finding guys to cum all over me or let me swallow their load has never been an issue, but getting fucked is more complicated. People lie about the size of their cock, how long they'll last - it's easy to have a bad experience. The idea of seeing the goods beforehand at a sauna appealed.

Visiting a sauna was not straightforward, however. It needed to be discrete. I could live with my bisexual nature becoming public knowledge, but friends, family and colleagues knowing I'd been to a sauna to have casual sex would be a step too far. 

Over the years I had been within metres of the front door, unable to bring myself to step inside. On one occasion I did try to go in, but the venue was locked up, presumably having closed early.

So recently, having gone almost a year without enjoying that unique feeling of a hard dick entering my ass, I took the opportunity of work sending me halfway across the country for two days to visit a sauna in Birmingham.

I had little idea what to expect, so I deliberately arrived shortly after the opening time to get my bearings while it was quiet. 

The receptionist was pleasantly friendly and understanding, and explained where to go, handing me a locker key and towel. My locker was number one so, assuming I was first in, I headed for the changing room and undressed. I'm tall with dark hair, average to slim build; good looking enough to get some attention, without ever really standing out in a crowd.

With my towel wrapped around my waste I went and had a quick look around the facilities. The jacuzzi seemed as good a place as any to start - unlike the darkness of the sauna and steam room you had time to eye up anyone entering.

Within moments a large, hairy Asian man joined me in the water. Despite being overweight, he was quite good looking, although it was clear as he entered the pool that he was not well endowed. He sat next to me and immediately started feeling me under the bubbles, his hands rubbing my thighs. I lifted my bum slightly and he stroked, but did not try to penetrate with his fingers. As he leaned in he smelt intoxicating, so I kissed him with plenty of tongue. Sliding my hand up his leg, I soon realised he was fully erect. 

"Let's go somewhere private," he whispered, leading me to a small room with a single bed. He locked the door and stood before me with his towel on the floor. I got on my knees and began licking his balls with my tongue. Slowly I circled his shaft before taking his whole cock in my mouth. He told me it was too early in his visit to cum, but I wanted his load and didn't stop sucking. Besides, while his mouth was saying no, his cock was definitely saying yes. Sensing he was near, I slowed down to make his orgasm as intense as possible and sure enough his hot cum was soon flooding my mouth. I swallowed as much as possible but his load was so full on that some escaped and dribbled down my chin. 

When we went back out to the main area, the place was much busier. In the steam room I sat among three other men. It was too dark to make out ages, races or looks, but the action swiftly escalated none the less. Before long, I was alternating between sucking two hard cocks while the other man stood behind me and fingered my ass. I was willing him to fuck me, but didn't manage to utter the words and he seemed content to use his hands. While sucking the larger of the dicks sat before me, the other man wanked himself off onto my face, blasting me with his cum. His friend was clearly turned on by this, as within seconds he exploded in my mouth. This time I was able to savour every drop.

Needing a break, I returned to the jacuzzi. Three other men were there, but it was only the attractive young black guy opposite I was interested in. We exchanged eye contact for what felt like an age, without either of us making the first move. After a while, he got up to leave and I caught a glimpse of his thick eight inch cock standing proud. He didn't venture far, so I walked past slowly. I entered one of the bedrooms, figuring he could take it or leave it as he pleased.

To my delight he joined me and locked the door, and we were soon entwined in the 69 position. With his cock rock hard from fucking my face, I told him I wanted him to fuck me. He duly obliged, putting on a condom as I lubed my ass. I had never taken such a large dick, so I asked him to be gentle as I got on all fours. Ignoring my request he swiftly began pounding my ass. Any pain was completely overcome by the intense pleasure coursing through my body. It was the most intense fucking I had ever received, leaving me clawing at the mattress and gasping for breath. As I moaned he told me he was cumming, pulling me back by my shoulders to get his dick in as deep as possible. I felt the judders as he exploded inside me. As he withdrew, he went to put his condom in the bin.

"What do you think you're doing?" I asked. "I don't want that going to waste."

He passed me the rubber and looked bemused, before smiling as I poured the contents down my throat, tonguing the insides of the condom to get every last remnant of his juice.

After parting company, I wandered aimlessly before an older guy approached.

"Did you fuck him?" He asked. 

"No, but he certainly fucked me," I replied.

"Did you cum?" 

"No, but it was close. I need to find someone worthy of my load."

He told me his friend wanted me to fuck him, and pointed out a slim young Asian man. He was good looking, with a smooth ass. 

"Maybe," I replied.

"What if we make it a threeway," he said.

There was an offer I couldn't refuse. The older white guy began licking my ass as the young Asian lubed himself up. Despite being a bottom, my eight inch cock gets a lot of attention and I'm not adverse to using it as long as I've had my fill first.

I rubbered up and gently spread his ass with my tip. He whimpered as my head penetrated, so I began slowly, with his friend continuing to rim me. As the pace gathered, I could feel my balls aching to cum. I told his friend I was close and that I was going to pull out to cum on his face. Fumbling the condom off just in time, I felt wave after wave of euphoria crush through me as I unleashed what felt like gallons of sperm across his face and chest. The Asian turned round and within seconds added his own semen, with a load not far short of my own in terms of quantity. Unable to resist, I licked the last few drops off his shaft before leaving them to clean up and heading for the showers. It won't take me such a long time to return.