 He was selling fish from an old row boat, a big, broad, dark man, with a big smile. He would be about twenty or so and was lazily pouring sea water over the fish in his basket, no, not lazy, just using minimum effort in the heat of the day. The muscles of his sweat sheened body seemed to flow under the skin as his wide shoulders worked. The tapered, hard, torso had well defined abdominal muscles which flexed as he twisted his body. I intend to walk by but could only stop and stare as the movement drew his cut off pant leg further up his thigh, slowly revealing the end of his soft cock. My mouth was suddenly dry, why would I stare at another man's dick? 

I was intrigued, he was a good looking guy but I don't look at guys, although to be honest, I have sucked a few at a public toilet glory hole. It was anonymous and I liked the fact I could control another man for a while, as I kept him poised on the brink, finally letting him cum in my mouth. The big guy moved back around and the pant leg moved down, I was gazing upon his meaty thighs and smooth thick calves. What's got into me? Even the way I idolised his body seemed wrong. He held out a fish to me, smiling, I started to shake my head 'No' but his eyes locked onto mine, I heard myself asking, 

"How much?"

"Would you like more water on it?"

I looked up guiltily, his eyebrow arched, quizzically.

"Err, yes." 

What was I saying? We both knew what I had seen, surprising me that I should want it repeated. My mouth had replied even before I had assembled my thoughts. His movements this time were more exaggerated, leaning further back but perhaps more importantly he was looking away, allowing me a private moment to stare, accepting the fact I wanted to look at his dick. In scooping more water, his body twisted further, showing even more of his cock, a couple of inches of dark flesh were exposed, the foreskin was retracted a little. He took his time scooping, when turning back he seemed nearer than before - no, I was leaning forward. I licked suddenly dry lips.

"I see you like what I have to offer."

What could I say? I had no previous experience in anything like this, I've never been face to face with anyone I've ever sucked off. Does he know what I would like to do? Can he see that I was becoming aroused? God, how quickly did that happen? My body was giving out signals that my brain hadn't even caught up with yet.

"Mm, Yes," now my mouth was doing it again, "The big one," I said, all flustered, "I mean the fish." He laughed, his eyes twinkled.

"Is there's nothing else I could do for you? I could show you how we catch them, diving naked into the water to spear them."

I gulped at that, this fisherman had me hooked and he knew it, why would he mention he would be naked? My cock was hearing all this and growing by the second, his eyes dropped to the front of my jeans. 

"My friends and I, all naked, crowded into this small boat, there's just room for one more," he laughed again, still looking at my crotch, "Provided they're not too big."

"Yes, I'd like that," there goes my damned mouth again, I hadn't even formed a response in my mind but my mouth had gotten there before me.

My mind was dwelling on the thought of more like him, fit young guys . . . and Naked.

"Be here, on the beach," he smiled widely, "Otherwise we're going to have to come and get you."

A stranger on a very small island, it wasn't an empty promise, or was it a threat? I'm still trying to catch up on what just happened. At 19, I was on a year of exploration before I committed to a lifetime of work, sailing an old 18 foot gaff sloop and loving it. My main outgoings were food and beer, with the occasional odd top up of fuel for the engine, if in calm water. Just three days ago I had cleared out the cabin and among the discarded stuff was a vibrator I'd bought two years back, how I worried over the size of it back then, now I have one a bit longer and much fatter. 

That night, the old row boat had been pulled part way onto the shore, held fast at the bow where two men sat smiling, their white teeth glistening in the light of the moon. The guy I had met earlier advanced, holding out his hand, he was still wearing cut off jeans, so I was glad I had done the same.

"I'm Quint, that's Brad and Jared."

"Hi all, I'm Dave, thanks for inviting me."

Quint smiled as the others moved to the back of the boat, lifting the bow allowing it to ease it from the sand.

"You'll have to work awhile, O.K.?" 

Quint and I pushed the boat into the surf and clambered , taking a heavy oar each. We pulled strongly to turn the bow into the waves then settled down to row towards their fishing area. I just dug into the water and maintained a steady pull but Quint sometimes pulled harder or less to direct the boat to where he wanted. After twenty minutes we carefully swapped places with Brad and Jared, both of them holding on to us as we worked around each other. They were all about the same age, dark, well muscled, working men. Before long we reached an area where several head of coral emerged a couple of feet above the heavy swell, Quint handed out headbands with compact lights attached.

Jared sat and removed his cut off's then simply tumbled over the side, Brad followed his example, both of them bobbing in the water, holding on to the side of the boat. I grabbed a couple of spear guns but Quint stopped me,

"We have to let the fish get used to us, we swim around the reef and after a while the whole place settles down again."

To maintain his balance, he stood very close to me in the centre of the boat and stripped off. Man, he was lovely, the moonlight moulded his body, an ebony statue of male perfection. The boat suddenly moved and he fell towards me, I held out my arms, both in my defence and his protection. I was suddenly holding his body at the top of his thighs, his torso bent over me, a long, soft cock very close to my mouth, my hands clasped around his ass. Another rocking motion and he was in my face, literally, I heard someone moan in pleasure, I think it was me. He was leaning heavily on me so that with further rocking we both tumbled over the side, it was only then that I saw grinning faces on the other side of the boat where his two friends had tipped us out. 

What could I do? I laughed. 

"You guys could have waited until I'd stripped off." 

Brad dived below the surface and I felt him removing my cut down jeans, I tucked into a roll to chase him, but he was too fast. I swim quite well and I certainly felt a lot freer without the encumbrance of clothes, but they all were too fast for me. I almost caught him when hands on my legs pulled me back, the hands worked their way up my body, holding my waist, we headed for the surface, bobbing there, Quint was holding me tight. I could feel his hard cock against the cleft of my ass, I was already responding and he must have known it as he lightly grabbed my cock.

"You O.K. with this?"

"Oh, Yes, although if I had known yesterday, I would be here with you guys, I just wouldn't have believed it."

I felt someone swim up from below, to gently slide his mouth over my growing hard on. I reached out to Quint and stroked his body, how could I not? He ran his hands over me and turned to kiss me, I never thought that I would kiss another guy. We just held each other in a long kiss while we ran our hands over each other's body, what am I doing? This was definitely a first for me but my cock was loving it, my whole body was tingling as his hands caressed me. No, not his hands they were on my face, one of the others, or perhaps both. Hands were sliding and probing everywhere, I was a toy in the hands of experienced guys, weightlessly manoeuvred in different ways to be openly available for their sexual manipulation. 

I had several fingers up inside me whilst I was being wanked off and kissed by all of them. I responded as and when I could, to tug their cocks and stroke their bodies, then a firm body bent before me and pulled my cock toward him, I was feeling so horny. I held his shoulders and pushed forward into a warm tight ass, my cockhead slipping into him quite easily at first but I had to pull at his hips and wriggle to get further in. It so so difficult to get any purchase in the sea, our bodies were slippery, there was no leverage, then someone held me tight and thrust his cock into the cleft of my ass. A daisy chain at sea, no one was getting anywhere fast but the sexual frisson was as high as could be. 

We broke away to swim back to the boat, it was Jared I was trying to fuck and Quint surfaced from behind me. Brad and Jared went to the far side of the boat and were soon getting it on, Jared held on to the row boat and Brad had taken over where I left off, or slipped out. I too held on to the side and felt Quint resume his earlier position behind me. Even concentrating hard, I was finding it difficult to accommodate him, he was that big, I had only used vibrators before and even though I felt I had used a large one in the past, Quint was all that and more. This guy had made me feel both welcome and wanted and I would like to please him but at what cost? 

He was not fully in me yet but already he was pushing that hard I was having to pull down on the boat to stop from being tipped back inside. His muscular arms were each side of me, levering him up to thrust harder into my ass, I could feel every vein of his cock as each push eased a little more inside me, my ass was screaming in pain now, opened the widest it's ever been. Finally he was fully home, I felt as if my ring would split, I hurt so much and him so tight he wouldn't be able to move. Apparently not but he said for me to let go and we sank down, still co joined, swimming for the reef. It was fantastic, he was like a jet pack on my back powering us through the water, pushing me along with the force of his dick stuck up my ass. He held my shoulders guiding me around the reef, swooping down, then up to the surface and full moonlight. 

The movements were great, I felt his cock slip out slightly as I preceded him down, then thrust back up as we headed for the surface. We gulped air and I indicated we should swim in a series of swoops and climbs, he nodded and off we went, it was fantastic, the weightlessness and freedom of moving whilst I had a cock inside me. The pain was less now, he had stretched me to the limit, I was enjoying the close coupled swim and of course the feelings that arose inside of me. He was solid flesh shoved tightly up my ass but these swoops were giving him the sliding action we both needed. After we had surfaced once more he pointed straight down, the bottom wasn't that far so we headed for it, I held out my arms swooping down just a little faster than him, feeling him slip out several inches, then my hands hit soft sand, I stopped but he carried on, sliding silkily, right up as far as possible into me, as I ploughed furrows with my hands. 

I went 'ooff ' and ejected bubbles both ends, I would have laughed had I available breath. We both clawed upwards, happy to be as one entity, of all the couples in the world, surely not many had tried this, we were tightly together but still free to move, sex keeping us riveted together, just where it mattered to us both. I was enjoying this so much, Brad swam past me and waved me to follow, he trailed Jared and grabbed his ass. That made Jared turn to us, grabbing Quint's ass, I felt the force of his cheeks flexing, transmitted by his cock, how wonderful, it was almost like he was cumming in me. I turned us back to Brad and I grabbed his ass, squeezing those lovely firm cheeks, then holding him around the waist, feeling for his cock.

He rolled over in my loose grip and I could see he was hard, I couldn't believe how big he was, I wanked him a little but we were nearly out of air, he watched as I blew out my remaining air to then suck on his cock. As my oxygen demand grew more, so I sucked harder, I had to keep my lips sealed around him as we ascended. Quint was pushing us harder now, his cock was forced high up in me and my mouth was clamped over a huge cock, so what if I drowned? What a way to go! We reached the surface and I reluctantly let go of Brad and gulped fresh air. Jared started kissing me as I clung to the side of the boat, Quint's arms were to each side levering himself up and down, I slipped my hand down to feel the turgid strength of Jared's cock. I wanted to make him feel good, he was bobbing in the water, the extra movement allowing him more pleasure than from just my minimal movements.

Brad swum over and started fingering Jared whilst I wanked him, this was so nice, from never having face to face sex, to a virtual orgy with these gorgeous guys. I kissed Jared some more, he responded greedily, he was feeling a lot of pleasure just now, as in fact, was I. Quint was fully in his stride now, his cock slamming into me, a powerful weapon assaulting my ass, I could feel every bit of it as he plunged it to and fro, lifting me up now with the force of his cock. I was rising out of the water as he thumped his massive cock up my ass, my whole body was in lust with this guy, I was a slut who would do anything to have him cum in me, or better still suck him off. Yes, that would be nice, have him thrust his cock into my mouth and cum loads into me while I sucked it all down. As these thoughts tumbled in my brain, Quint ejaculated in massive spurts, my ass felt the hot jizz coat the whole of my insides, I felt the huge cock tremble and shudder within me as he loosed his cum. I had made him climax, after thrusting that massive cock in my ass, how good is that? I felt wonderful, for a first shag it was great, momentous even. 

Jared was close to orgasm, between us Brad and I had brought him to a peak of sexual pleasure, I was satisfied and still had Quint in me, now I wanted Jared to cum. He threw back his head his whole body thrust forward, his cock jabbing towards me, I bobbed down, with Quint on my back that wasn't easy. Just as I closed my mouth over his cock he came, holding my head tightly onto his pumping cock, he thrust in hard almost choking me. I was gulping greedily on rich, thick, man fat - ecstasy. I had to let his cock go, reluctantly, to surface and breathe. Brad kissed me, putting his tongue in my mouth to savour the last of Jared's cum. Quint was slowly pulling out of me and I felt a great loss in more ways than one, the feeling of being wide open was still there, water rushed into my ass, cold and invasive. 

My arm muscles felt weak as I half heaved myself into the boat, waiting for my tired, overstretched sphincter muscles to return to somewhere near normal. Seeing my ass hanging over the side, Quint kissed the ring he had just relinquished, I then felt his tongue in me, Brad did the same, prising open my cheeks to push his tongue deep inside. They were wonderful guys, I felt accepted from the word go, Jared too rose up to kiss my still gaping ass-hole, then patted me, as much to say, get inboard.

I lay under the stars, life couldn't get any better than this but we still had a job to do. I grabbed the spear guns and handed them to the guys. There was one for me and by now I felt I could return to the water, although as I tumbled in, cold water did trickle into my body once more, though nowhere near as bad as before. We were hunting for the larger types of reef dwellers and did well for a couple of hours, filling the old cool box that was tucked under the centre seat. Quint's headlamp was fading, so he gave the signal to go up and we gathered close to the boat, Brad still had a fish on his spear and threw it inboard. We all followed, it was tiring swimming so far and so fast, my cut off's were still wet as we donned our gear, so when Quint and I took the oars I was chafed pretty quickly. 

We had settled into a slower rhythm than our outward journey but Brad and Jared took over about half way back. Their home was a shack on a dimly seen beach, originally Brad's, they all drifted into this loose partnership of fishing and sex. We hauled the boat out of the water and all four of us took a corner of the cool box, not that it was particularly heavy, it was more to cement our friendship. Our beds were towels under the stars on the beach, I was assured it was secluded, with no snakes or other wild creatures. They thanked me for my efforts with the fishing and 'that', finally kissing me and each other 'good night'. 

I awoke the next morning with a hard on, not that unusual, although the hand drawing down the zipper was not mine. Quint lay beside me, naked, the sun shone on him, burnishing his satin skin, he grinned in that sexy way he had. 

"You're up early this morning, very proud."

He freed my cock from it's confines, it rose up fully erect but couldn't match the huge half hard dick that lazily flopped over his thigh. 

Brad strolled over, naked, pulling my cut off's from me and throwing them toward the shack. He was sporting a thick erect cock and knelt down beside me, I licked my lips as his cock bounced, slapping his belly then pointed straight at me. I moved my head towards it but he was already shifting forward to slide one knee above my head, the other leg curled under him. There before me was a tasty treat of dark flesh, my mouth opened almost automatically and I sucked his cock right in. A big mouthful but I could probably manage, I might even ask for seconds, I could see Jared tugging at his cock watching us and felt sorry for him.

Quint licked up and down my shaft, then ran his tongue around the groove of my glans, I moaned in ecstasy, he was good. He sucked gently at the tip of my cock, then sucked half of me in at one go, I could feel the rush of my cock sliding over his tongue to lodge in the back of his throat, I would have gagged just then, but not him. He continued sucking even though no doubt he could hardly breathe, I know just how that felt with Brad filling my mouth fully. I eased my head back to bob to and fro wanking him with my mouth, it was wonderful being able to pleasure such big guys, I was already anticipating the delicious cum that would gush forth from such virile men.

The feelings grew stronger in my own cock as Quint sucked and wanked me, Jared knelt on the other side of me jerking his big dick close to my face, I used my finger to stretch my mouth out as wide as possible and brought Jared's cock closer. Brad pulled out a little and Jared stuffed his cock head into my overstretched lips, there simply wasn't enough room for two big cocks, I stretched my mouth open as wide as physically possible and they pushed their cocks in hard, pressed tightly together, filling my mouth with their glorious spunk trumpets. I was in heaven, Quint was servicing my dick whilst I dined on the finest cock imaginable, my aching jaw felt as if it might break, my lips were stretched more than I thought humanly possible but I used both hands to try to force them in further, in a steady, rhythmic way. I was breathing heavily through my nose as I wanked them both, I wanted them to spurt their load together, drowning me in thick, tropical, cum.

This feeling of being a wanton slut was driving me on, thrusting my cock into Quint's mouth and wanking the others harder, trying to force even more cock into my throat. My milking soon suceeded, Brad's cock shot spunk over Jared's bell end and my tonsils, coating us in what seemed like pints of man fat. That made me wank Jared harder as I neared my own orgasm, he too climaxed, I could feel the power of it hitting the inside of my cheek and cascading down the back of my throat, threatening to choke me - I was drowning in cum. What a rush as I ascended my own peak, who wouldn't cum with a mouthful of spurting cocks to suck on, I let fly with my own pent up load. Quint gulped down my cum as I gulped down the delicious ejaculation of other two. It was some while before we reluctantly pulled our cocks from each other, Quint sucked any remaining cum from us and we all kissed with an open mouth to share our friends semen.
