 It seemed my alarm went off just 5 minutes after I hit the bed, but I wasn't complaining. This was going to be a very interesting day.

I had a quick shower, and shaved -- my face, around my nipples and farther down. Being grubby today -- even if we were just "going fishing" -- was not an option; also Hal had said we were going to stop for breakfast, and I wanted to at least look presentable this morning.

I got to the office parking lot at 5:56, but there was no sign of Hal, his car, or anyone else, just me. I leaned back in the seat and closed my eyes. 

TAP! TAP! ... TAP! TAP!

I jumped, startled, and glanced to my left. There was Hal, dressed in a golf shirt and Dockers, tapping on my car door window. I had obviously dozed off. I opened the door, glancing at the dashboard clock as I got out -- it read 6:11.

"Good morning sleepy. Been here long?" he asked, obviously in a good mood.

"Good morning to you too, I got here just before 6, but I guess that was long enough to doze off. Which car are we taking?" I asked seeing his tiny Spyder, and thinking of all the fishing gear and stuff I thought we were going to need for fishing.

"Yours." He opened his trunk, and grabbed a small gym bag, shut the trunk and came over and dumped into my trunk. 

"That's it?" I asked a little surprised that he didn't seem to have any fishing gear.

"That's it. All the stuff I need is already on the boat. No reason to haul more junk around," he said opening the passenger side door. 

"OK. Then we're ready to go?" I asked as I got in the car.

"Let's go. First stop is Denny's at the Mall and the highway. We'll meet our guest there."

"Who is it?"

"You'll have to wait and see. I'm not exactly sure who's going to show up. There could be more than one." He said grinning.

"Do I know them?" 

"I think so." He said in a positive tone but with a deadpan expression.

"What's with all the secrecy? Do I know 'em or not?" I asked, his evasive answers raising my curiosity and my suspicion I did indeed know them.

"Yeah, you know at least one of 'em," he said with a wicked grin, "I'm just not sure how well you know the second one. But I'm sure you're gonna know both of them very well by the end of this trip."

"Wanna tell me where I know any of 'em from?" I didn't have any trouble sounding curious -- the suspense was making me crazy. 

"No. I think you can wait another 3 minutes till we get to Denny's and we both know who is actually going with us. No since telling you who didn't show if they don't show, is there? Gotta maintain the client 's confidentially, you know." 

I wanted to yell at him that this secrecy and client confidentially bull shit was adolescent nonsense, but I was the one that was having trouble acting like an adult, so I kept quiet. I'd find out when we got there.

I pulled into the Denny's parking lot, found an empty space near the door and parked. The lot was moderately full, I didn't see any cars that I recognized, so I kept quiet and we went in.

At the cashier's desk, I looked over at the far corner and saw Bryan and Bill sitting at a table for four, obviously waiting for us.

I looked at Hal. He was studiously ignoring me, pretending to look for the waitress, but I could see he was trying to stifle a grin. Judging from the way Bill looked at Hal and Hal looked back, my guess had been correct. There was something going on between them. But I was really curious about how Hal found out about me and Bryan. I was guessing Bryan had told them, and that was really getting me excited. 

I said quietly to Hal as we walked toward them, "Smart ass. How long have you been sitting on this?"

"No long," he said grinning, "Really. I just found out about a month ago from Bill that you knew Bryan, so I asked Bryan and he said he knew you -- really well. So I though we should all do a little fishing -- just to get acquainted. Honest."

We reached the table and sat down. 

"Good morning, I see you've been here awhile," I said judging from the empty plates and several empty coffee creamer cups on the table. I nodded to Bill and slid my hand across Bryan's shoulders. "This is certainly a pleasant surprise."

"Good morning to you too," Bryan answered, "I'm pleased you approve. I was wondering how you would react to meeting us all at once without any warning."

"Well I am curious" I said to Hal, "How did you put this together?

Hal looked at Bryan, and asked, "Do you want to tell him or should I?" 

"Go ahead," Bryan answered with a grin, "I want to hear your version. If you leave anything important out I'll fill it in later."

"Well this goes back to the Company golf tournament at Foxtail last year when Bruce introduced you to Bill in the parking lot. Bill knew about your affair with Bruce from his own relationship with Bruce, but he didn't know you worked at the Company. Bill didn't think anything more of it till he met Bryan on a fishing trip with me and Bryan mentioned he knew you and that you liked to fish. We started talking and here we are."

"He left out a few of the more interesting particulars, but I'll tell you on the way. Let's get on the road. We should get out of the harbor before nine, or we'll get caught in the rush," said Bryan getting up. 

"What about my breakfast?" I whined, "I'm hungry; and what about Hal? Doesn't he get to eat either?"

"We ordered for you, before you got here," said Bill, "We'll take it to go and you two can eat on the way. I agree with Bryan, we need to beat the rush out of the harbor, or we'll all be seasick bouncing up and down over all those power-boat wakes in the channel."

In the parking lot, Hal said to me, "Bill's going to drive us in his Navigator, so we need to get the stuff out of your car. We'll be back here tomorrow night to drop you and Bryan off at your car."

In the Navigator Hal sat in the front passenger seat and Bryan and I sat behind. Before we were out of the parking lot, I opened the Denny's to-go bag, and starting eating the breakfast sandwich. I was unusually hungry, and thought it was due to the stress of the morning's suspense I'd endured before getting to the restaurant. 

I looked and Bryan, and asked between bites, "So how did you meet Hal?"

He grinned. "I met him at Foxfire at one of your Company tournaments you didn't go to, and we were paired to play the round together. Sometime during the round, I mentioned I liked deep sea fishing and he mentioned he took clients fishing, and so I went fishing with him and Bill a couple of weeks ago." 

It was obvious that he had left out a lot of interesting details I wanted to hear, so when he didn't continue, I prompted him, "Go on, what happened on the fishing trip?" Bryan was not promiscuous, but over the years, he'd had a few lovers besides me, and I liked to hear him tell me about his adventures with them -- in detail -- but I always had to pry the story out of him. He liked to make me ask about the detail - to keep me in suspense as long as possible. 

Hal looked back over his shoulder at Bryan, "Well tell him or I will," he said grinning. "Or should I show him the photos?"

"We went fishing," Bryan said, "And I got caught."

This was classic Bryan; giving me a teaser, raising my curiosity, and forcing me to keep asking the "what happened then" questions.

"Caught? Caught doing what? And what photos?" I suspected I knew the answer, but I enjoyed this game as much as Bryan did. I glanced up at Hal and Bill in the front seat, and noticed they were both listening to my conversation with Bryan. Hal had adjusted his sitting position by leaning back against the door while simultaneously moving his crotch closer to Bill, who appeared to be fondling him, but I couldn't tell for sure because the back of the seat blocked my view. 

"Well, we were about half an hour out of the harbor, not yet far enough out to start fishing, Hal was steering the boat, I was sitting on a deck chair getting some sun and watching Bill rig a couple fishing poles and get the fighting chair ready in case we hooked a big game fish ..." Bryan began.

"What he means," broke in Hal, "Is I was busy charting where we were going and getting the automatic pilot set up, he took his shirt and pants off. Then while lying there in the sun, thinking I didn't notice, he started playing with himself while staring at Bill's fine black ass."

"Oh, and what was Bill wearing that attracted his attention?' I asked, knowing Hal's description of Bryan's actions sounded just like something Bryan would do. 

"A pair of flimsy briefs that accentuated his ass cleavage, especially when he bent over," Bryan explained, in a weak attempt to justify his lewd behavior. 

"Oh that's a crock!" laughed Hal. "Bill was wearing his board shorts like always and you were just horny and fantasizing."

"Well, that, and a little buzzed," admitted Bryan.

"More like really buzzed," commented Bill, glancing in the rearview mirror at me. "He started nipping the Jack Daniels the minute we hit the boat, and the bottle was down a third by the time I noticed him playing with his cock while watching me get the fishing gear ready. Then of course I saw Hal shooting photos of him jerking off, so I just kept him busy watching me."

"He can't deny it because I got some good photos of him with his cock in his hand and Bill in the background bending over fixing the chair," said Hal in an amused voice. 

"Just how was Bill keeping your attention?" I asked Bryan, who appeared to be enjoying the whole drawn out story.

"He starting taking his shorts off, then stopped with 'em half way down showing me half his ass, then pulled 'em back up and pretended to look around in the tackle boxes while bending over, then pulled took em off and rubbed suntan lotion all over his ass and down his legs, all while knowing perfectly well I was horny and jerking off while watching him."

"Sounds like you liked it," I observed dryly, "And what makes you think Bill knew you were watching him tease you?"

"Because later I was standing next to the chair where he was standing and there was a mirror mounted on the fighting chair that was positioned so he could see the lounge chair I was sitting in while he was teasing me." Bryan whined as if he'd been mistreated by Bill. "These two set me up. They got me drunk, and then Bill did his strip tease and I couldn't help my self. You know how black guys turn me on!" Bryan began in a contrived attempt at an explanation for his inability to control his lust.

I did know, and I wondered how it was that Hal or Bill knew Bryan was particularly attracted to dark black men, especially those with large smooth bottoms like Bill possessed, but I guessed I'd find out later.

Out of the corner of my eye I caught a familiar movement by Hal in the front seat and I shifted my position forward, pretending to get more comfortable but really just to get a look over the back of the front seat, and confirm my suspicion - that yes - Bill was indeed fondling Hal. Hal's pants were open and his fully erect and totally exposed white cock was grasped in Bill's huge black hand while Hal was rocking his hips and thrusting his cock hard into Bill's hand. 

Bill glanced in the rear view mirror and caught me watching him fondle Hal, grinned at me and said in explanation, "He'll cum in just a second, then he'll be mellow for the rest of the trip, so I give him a good hand job at the start and then I don't have to listen to him whine about my driving, and how long it's taking to get there."

I watched, feeling my cock harden, and sure enough in less than 10 seconds, Hal moaned, jerked and started shooting his white cream into Bill's dark hand as Hal thrust his cock hard into his hand. I watched Hal's white cum leak between Bills dark fingers with every spurt and run down all over Hal's belly and balls.

I was conscious of Bryan watching me watch Bill jerk Hal off, and that Bryan was shifting his position away from the seat near the opposite door to the floor board near me. I glanced at him and saw him motion for me to move my legs toward him. I did and he promptly began to pull my pants off while Hal sat up and looked over the back of the front seat and watched my cock spring free as I lost my pants. 

Bryan bent over and started sucking me, but Hal protested, "Bryan, move a little to the left so I can see you suck him." 

So Bryan shifted his position so Hal could watch him lick my cock like a Popsicle, up and down, run his tongue all around my cap, tickle my tip, and then totally deep throat me with his nose pressed against my belly.

I moaned and spread my legs wider so Bryan could get between them. When he did, I pulled my knees up to my chest giving him access to my bottom, hoping he'd take my hint and tongue lap my bottom, rim my hole, then finger fuck me while sucking me to orgasm, and let me shoot all over his face. 

He took my hint. Putting his hands under my bottom, he helped me raise my bottom a little higher, then slid his tongue down my cock and over and around my balls, then on down between my spread cheeks. I moaned and wiggled my bottom against his tongue feeling the delicious sensation of his tongue ticking my eager hole. 

I ran my hands through Bryan's thick short hair, as I moaned encouragement, "MMmmmm, mmmmm, mmmmm!" and ground my bottom against his wonderful strong tongue, as it ran up and down my cleavage, around and around and tickled my hole. 

"Damn, I wish I'd known you were such a slut before now. I'd have had you for lunch at least once a week!" Hal exclaimed, apparently surprised at my eager surrender of my bottom to Bryan as he shoved a couple of fingers deep into my bottom as he swallowed my cock causing me to gasp, "AAAAHhhhhhh, aaaahhhhhhh, ahhhhhhh!" 

I glanced up at Hal who was leaning over the back of the front seat watching Bryan bring me to the brink of orgasm, "Oooohhhhhh, you'll make me cum too soon!" I gasped in protest. I wanted this to last awhile, especially since Hal seemed so interested. 

Bryan ignored my plea for mercy and went right on sucking my cap hard as he thrust his fingers deep into my bottom. I lost control. My muscles twitched and I gasped, "AAHHHhhhh, aaaahhhhhh, aahhhh!" as I shot my warm cum into his mouth in several quick spurts. He swallowed it all and when I began to relax, he released me, sat back, grinned at me and said, "You obviously liked that. That's the first time in a long time that I've got you to cum in less than 2 minutes!" 

But I wanted more so I begged for it, "You're not done, I want you to fuck me! I want your cock up my bottom! Fuck me!"

Hal, still looking over the back of the front seat said, "Damn! What a slut! I'd have never guessed. I'll be seeing you for lunch in the office a couple days a week." 

Bill reached up and adjusted the rearview mirror and watched Bryan teasing me by sliding his cock up and down between my spread cheeks. Then, while looking directly at me, Bill said, "Bruce was right, he told me you'd be begging to be fucked sooner than I'd believe. We've been on the road less that 15 minutes and you're already begging for it."

To be continued ...