 Bruce was my neighbor, and basically my best friend. About ten years ago my wife and I moved in next door to Bruce and his wife. The women hit it off before we even unloaded the moving truck. That weekend, Bruce and his wife had us over for dinner. That's when I found out Bruce likes to hunt and fish just like I do. After a couple weeks, he invited me fishing with him and a couple of his friends. It was great. Over the years we hung out a lot. Our wives even got pregnant about the same times. We each now have three kids. 

Some weekends we would take turns pairing off and watching the kids. My wife and I keeping their kids, and them keeping ours. Bruce and I would even keep the kids, so that the wives could have girls weekends. That worked perfectly for when Bruce and me would take a weekend to go hunting and or fishing. 

Most of our trips ended up being just the two of us. It was hard for any of our other buddies to get away much. Having your best friend right next door, and our wives besties too, made it easier for us. 

The last trip we took is what this is all leading up to. Bruce and I decided to head out fishing, and since no one else could go, Bruce suggested that we go to a lake that his dad used to take him when he was younger. His Uncle owned a cabin up there, and had a small boat we could use. 

It was about three hours drive, and out in the middle of nowhere. We made good time, and decided to get out on the lake when we arrived at about 10:30 am. We weren't having much luck, and after a few hours, decided to head back in, and try early the next morning. 

It was October, and even though it was unusually warm, the temperature started to drop as we headed back to the boat dock. While Bruce was tying the boat down, I started grabbing our gear. I guess I wasn't paying much attention, because the next thing I know, I hear a big splash.

Somehow I accidentally hit Bruce with a fishing pole, and he fell in the lake. The water felt as cold as ice. I was able to pull him out of the water, but he was freezing. I got him back to the cabin and started a fire in the stove to help him warm up, then went back and got all our gear and put it in the truck.

When I got back into the cabin, Bruce was shivering. He was still in his wet clothes. I told him he needed to get undressed and dry off, but at this point, his energy was drained. I figured it was my fault he was all wet, so I had to help him. I took off his shoes and socks. Then his shirt and t shirt. I was hesitant at this point, but I didn't want him to fall over, so I took his pants off of him. His underwear was soaked too, so I dried him the best I could, got him to the bed, stripped the underwear off him, then covered him up. 

I put more wood in the stove, and realized that the temp had fallen even more by this point. I looked over at Bruce, and he was still shivering. I went and sat in his bed, and he seemed so out of it. I reluctantly decided that the only thing I could do is to lay in the bed with him, and use my body heat to help warm him up.

I threw enough wood in the stove to last the night, then I stripped down to my underwear, and laid down beside Bruce. I covered us both, and wrapped my arms around Bruce to try and get him warm. We must have laid there for a couple hours. I had dozed off, but had woken up. Bruce finally stopped shivering, and seemed to be sleeping pretty soundly. I went to get up, but I was tired, and it was cold, so I just said what the hell, and went back to sleep. 

At some point later, I woke up and felt Bruce snuggled up to my back. I felt something. What was that poking me? It was Bruce's cock! It was pushed up against my ass cheek. He must be having a pretty good dream, I thought to myself. Then I realized that I wasn't wearing any underwear. I don't remember taking them off, but I don't know. Maybe I did and just don't remember or didn't realize that I did.

Even though I was definitely uneasy about the situation, I didn't want to wake Bruce up, and I really didn't want to get out of the bed with it being so cold, so I decided to try and go back to sleep.

I wasn't having much luck sleeping. I never would have thought that I would be laying next to my buddy, butt ass naked. That's when I felt Bruce moving his hips. That must be one hell of a dream, I thought to myself. He was getting rock hard and rubbing it on my ass cheek. I started to wonder what it would feel like rubbing up and down my ass crack.

What the hell? Why was I thinking about that? I had never had a gay thought in my life, and here I was. Naked in bed with another man, wanting to feel his cock in my ass. Wait...on my ass. No. I was now thinking about it in my ass. How he would slowly slide it in and out of me. I need to get out of this bed, but why am I not getting up?

I laid there for awhile internally arguing with myself about whether to get up, or stay. I finally figured that Bruce was so wiped out, that he wouldn't wake up anytime soon, so without stopping myself, I reached around and moved his cock in between my ass cheeks. Then I waited to make sure I didn't wake him. When he didn't move or wake up, I decided to move my ass a little, and grind up against him. It felt so good. It must have felt good to Bruce too, because I could hear him moaning in his sleep, and he started grinding back into me. I couldn't believe what I was doing. Even more so than that, I couldn't believe how big Bruce cock was. I have seen his cock a few times over the years, but never hard. I always felt bad for him because his cock was only a couple inches. I didn't know he could get this big. It had to be at least 9 inches.

We laid there. Bruce asleep dreaming of screwing his wife or some hot fantasy chick, and I was using him to satisfy some perverted fantasy of my own. I felt so guilty. All of a sudden Bruce put his arm around me and was hugging me. Now there was no way I could get up without waking him. I was actually relieved. I convinced myself that it would be selfish to get up now, and wake him up in his weakened state.

So I stayed. I started touching myself, because by this time, I was hard as rock too. Then I felt Bruce starting to play with my nipples. He was still asleep, so he must think they are a woman's. It felt really good. My wife had never touched my nipples, so I had no idea how good it felt, but it turned me on even more. I started moving my ass, so that whenever Bruce would slide his cock, the tip would hit my hole. After a couple times, I was afraid the impact would wake Bruce. I remembered that I had a little tube of lube that I use on my fishing reel in my pants pocket, and it was within my reach, next to the bed, so I got it. 

I leaned slightly so that I had room to squirt some on my asshole without disturbing Bruce. I then leaned back into him and his rhythmic grinding. His cock head was now starting to enter me. I just meant to lube my crack, I wasn't intending for this. Or was I? At this point I'm not sure if I was even thinking clearly anymore, all I knew was that I wanted to see how far this would go. How far into me would Bruce go. With each thrust a little more of his cock went into me. 

Finally I felt his hips press against my ass. He was all the way in. I was getting fucked. I swear it felt like his speed was getting a little faster. His cock was hitting something inside of me. Every time he would push inside of me, it felt like a quick, but very strong orgasm. Over and over again. Now I knew he was going faster, I wondered what he would do if he woke up and found me instead of some woman on his cock. Then I heard it. He moaned my name. "Oh Jay". Was he dreaming about me, or was he awake? All of a sudden I felt him kiss and nibble on my shoulder. Surprised, I turned my head to look at him, and he kissed me. 

Now I am laying here with his cock deep inside my ass, and his tongue probing my mouth, and all I did was...moan. I moved my free hand to the back of his head and held him in our kiss. I felt him swell inside me, and he moaned as he shot his cum deep inside of me. That set me off and I shot rope after rope off the side of the bed. After we were both done cumming, he started to get soft and slipped out of me, but he kept his arms wrapped around me. It felt so good being in his arms, that I was asleep within moments.

I woke up the next morning and Bruce was cooking breakfast. I didnt even remember what had happened until I went to stand up, and realized I was completely naked. What the hell did I do? Was he really awake? My mind was racing, and I couldn't think straight. Bruce then yelled at me and told me to get up, because the food would be ready in less than a minute. That's when I noticed that Bruce was just wearing underwear...my underwear. 

"Is that my underwear." I asked. 

He looked down, shrugged, and said "I guess so. It was the closest thing when I got up earlier, so I just put them on."

I sat there for a moment. Still trying to piece things together. Bruce must have understood this. He sat next to me on the bed, and put his arm around me and looked me in the eyes. Then he leaned in and kissed me, and I didn't pull away. 

"How could you be so nice to me after what I did to you?" I asked him. 

"Well, I kind of manipulated the situation." He said while shrugging his shoulders. "You didn't actually hit me with the fishing rod. I just jumped in the lake." He continued telling me how he had developed feelings for me, and purposely planned this trip when he knew no one else would be able to come with us. He faked the shivering, and he had pulled my underwear off in the night. 

I started getting mad. Then he told me "I never expected you to move my cock into your ass."

He was right. He may have tricked me into taking care of him, but I am the one who positioned him into my ass. Hell, I even lubed my ass for him. I was stunned. 

"If your not ok with what happened, then we can just fish, or even go home if you want. If you are ok, then we can see how it is when neither one of us are trying to be quiet." Bruce said. "I actually thought you would fuck me first. I figured I would have to beg you to let me fuck you."

With that, I just stood up, and led Bruce to the shower. We never did fish. I learned that I love to suck Bruce's cock, and that he sucks my cock better than my wife ever did. We love fucking each other, and will even lay together and kiss. He is the best kisser. 

I don't know what will happen when we get back home, but we both decided to keep it between us. We just turned onto our street. The weekend is officially over now, but I have a feeling that this is just the beginning.