 "Dude. You don't have to hide it."

Matt pointed down at the bulge in my shorts. My cock was an iron bar and I had been trying to keep it tucked away since the girls had first started taking their tops off. I took my hand away and suddenly felt self-conscious knowing that he was looking at the tent my cock was making of my shorts.

"I've got one too, man," Matt said.

As if I hadn't noticed. The bulge in Matt's own shorts was enormous. He hadn't tried to adjust himself or tuck it back even once. His cock stood out so hard it actually left a visible space between his bare, rippling abs and the elastic band of his bathing suit.

"Yeah," I said, blushing. I hurried by him and up the stairs back into the house. I tried to tuck my cock back again before I realized it wasn't going to work. Fuck it, I thought.

"How could you not have a boner after that?" Matt said when the door closed behind us. He pointed a thumb over his shoulder back in the direction of the pool, where the girls were waiting for their refills. "We just spent the last half hour staring at four sets of titties."

I opened the refrigerator and pulled out the drink mix and the ice. When I turned around, I saw Matt leaning against the counter, smiling at me. His huge bulge hadn't gone anywhere. He had broad shoulders and a smooth, muscled chest. I found myself following the lines of his pecs and abs down to the gap between the rim of his shorts and the lower part of his stomach.

"Do you want to see it?" Matt asked. He hooked his thumbs under the band of his shorts and pulled them down just slightly. The movement revealed a glimpse of his pubic hair and pushed his cock a bit down and out. It dawned on me that I did want to see it. I wanted to rush over to him and grab it.

Instead, I turned around and worked on making a batch of daiquiris. I knew my face was bright red with embarrassment, and something in me didn't want Matt staring at the bulge in my shorts. If anything, my cock had only gotten harder since we came inside. I could feel Matt's eyes on my back.

I turned around.

"Let me see it," I said.

Matt smiled. "You first," he dared. "Let me see that cock."

My heart pounded. My hands were shaking. I wanted to show him. I wanted him to see my cock in all of its erect glory. And I wanted to see his. Hands trembling, I hooked my thumbs inside the waistband of my swimming shorts and pulled them down to my knees. My cock sprang up and pointed straight at Matt.

"That's a nice, big cock," Matt said.

"Now you," I said. My voice was hoarse and shaking. I leaned back against the counter, cock in the air and watched Matt pull his shorts down and drop them to his ankles. His cock was somehow bigger than I had imagined. The massive shaft stood straight out, topped with a swollen purple bulb of a head.

"That is," I stuttered. "That is a huge cock."

"Yours is pretty big too, though," Matt said. "It's nice and hard."

Matt stepped close to me and grabbed my rigid prick. I gasped as he worked his hand up and down my shaft. Pleasure soared through me. I reached to him and closed my fingers around his enormous member.

"I can't believe how big and hard it is," I said.

Matt looked up at me. "I want to suck your cock," he said.

I didn't stop him.

Matt knelt in front of me and squeezed the base of my dick, guiding the swollen head to his lips. He kissed the head of my cock and lightly licked the little drop of pre-cum from the tiny opening in the tip. His movements were already making me dizzy with pleasure. I squeeze the edge of the counter and gasped as Matt took my cock into his mouth. The heat and wetness of his sucking sent spasms of pleasure up my spine, exploding in my brain. My vision seemed to blur and for a second I was almost dizzy.

But Matt didn't stop sucking my cock. What he couldn't fit in his mouth, he stroked and squeezed with his hand, spreading his saliva around, slicking my entire cock. Just when I thought I was going to explode in his mouth, he slowed, sucking only on the head of my cock. He took his hand away and began slowly bobbing his head up and down, taking a little more of my cock into his mouth every time.

"Oh, yeah," I gasped. "Suck my fucking cock." I thrashed with pleasure, sometimes humping my hips forward to meet his strokes. Matt quickened his pace, taking more and more of me into his mouth. "That's fucking awesome, dude. Suck my fucking cock."

Matt hands were on my thighs. He had nearly all of my rock-hard cock in his mouth. I came. My balls pumped gobs of hot jizz into Matt's mouth.

"Oh, Jesus fuck! Yes!" I screamed. I trembled as Matt finally let my slowly receding cock out of his mouth. It was slick with saliva and cum. Matt's chin and chest carried the cum that he hadn't swallowed. I frantically licked up my own cum off the stubble on Matt's chin and off of his perfectly smooth chest.

"Oh, Christ, yeah," Matt said. "You like that?"

I nodded, tongue still glued to his chest.

"Did you like how I sucked your cock?"

I nodded again.

"Do you want me to shove this fucking cock up your ass?" Matt was stroking his huge, pulsing prick. I looked at him.

"Yes," I said.

"Are you sure?"

"Hurry up and fuck me up the ass with that fucking thing."

"You have to suck it wet for me first," Matt said.

"In the living room," I said.

He followed me to the sofa and sat down, his cock standing straight up in the air.

"You wanna suck this fucking cock?" Matt waved his prick in my face as I knelt between his legs.

I grabbed his shaft and felt the warmth and hardness under his smooth skin. I licked up the underside of his cock, from his balls up to the tip. I sucked each one of his balls, stopping each time to lick the length of his shaft again.

"Oh, yeah," he said. "Suck that fucking cock."

I took the tip my mouth and sucked the salty-sweet pre-cum off of his cock. I moved my head up and down, feeling his rigid shaft, hot and hard in my mouth. I sucked him as he had sucked me, stroking what I couldn't fit into my mouth, spreading around my saliva until his entire cock and his balls glistened with my spit. I pulled his cock out of my mouth and looked up at him.

"So are you going to shove this thing up my ass or not?" I teased him.

"Lean over that chair," he said, pointing to the recliner. I rested my hands on the arm of the recliner and leaned over with my feet spread apart. Matt came up behind me, cock in one hand; he spread my ass-cheeks apart with the other.

"Fuck me with that big cock," I encouraged him.

Matt reached around and stuck to fingers in my mouth. I sucked them hard, getting them good and wet. He pulled his hand away and I felt him stick one finger against my asshole. He pushed, and I saw stars. Slowly, he buried first one finger, then the other in my ass. I spasmed with a pleasure I had never imagined possible. Matt then pushed both index and middle finger into my ass together, stretching me, preparing me for his cock.

"You ready?" he asked.

I could only nod.

I felt Matt push the tip of his huge cock against my asshole and I quivered. I spread my feet apart wider and bent over farther, giving him better access to my hole. Very slowly, he eased the tip of his cock into my ass. The pain and the pleasure exploded together and I cried out. Every little push of his cock into me brought another blinding explosion of pleasure, dancing with pain. Somehow he pushed it in deeper, until I had all of his cock up me that would fit.

"Oh my fucking God! Oh fucking shit, that's amazing!" I gasped.

"You like that fucking cock up your ass?"

"Oh fuck! Yes! Fuck me with that fucking thing!" I buried my face into the cushion of the recliner, and Matt started to fuck my ass. He only had about half of his monstrous cock in me, but it was enough to send blinding waives of pleasure crashing into dizzying spikes of pain. My own cock grew hard again, swinging with my balls as every stroke of his cock bore into me.

"Your ass is so fucking tight," Matt gasped.

"Fill it up with cum. Give me that fucking cock. Cum up my ass." I said every nasty, dirty thing I could think of, because every time I did, he fucked my ass harder.

"Oh fuck, yes! I'm gonna cum!" I felt Matt's cock pulse inside me as he started to shoot wads of hot cum up my ass. I reached down and jacked my own cock while Matt spasmed behind me. I instantly came, shooting my cum onto the arm of the recliner. The pleasure ripped through me. I realized my face was in a puddle of drool.

And then Sarah walked in. She was still topless; her big boobs were tan-lined and swayed. She was holding the empty pitcher from the blender. Her mouth hung open and her eyes were wide.

"What the fuck are you doing?" she screamed. She dropped the pitched and ran out of the house, tits bouncing wildly. Matt and I laughed and swapped cum.