 I woke up in the middle of the night with a start. Sitting up, I groaned as I looked around my room trying to locate the cause for waking me. My alarm clock showed it was well past 3am. I could hear the steps creaking out in the hall as somebody made their way up the stairs. Sliding out of bed, I walked over to the door to my room. As I rubbed the sleep from my eyes I opened the door and stuck my head out in the hall. I caught my friend Alex opening the door to his bedroom. 

Alex is my best friend. We've known each other since our freshmen year of high school. We were so close that, when it came time to decide where we would go to college, we chose to go to the same school. Because of how inseparable we were, we shared the same freshmen dorm room and now in our sophomore year we had an off-campus apartment together with a couple other roommates. 

"Alex?" I asked, "What are you doing getting back this late?" 

"Oh... Hey David," he muttered, apparently not expecting me to be awake. 

He looked disheveled and out of sorts. His 5'10" frame looked a little sweaty and his brown hair was messy. 

"I was just at the library finishing some work," he said as he walked into his room, throwing his backpack to the floor. 

"Okay..." I said, not fully believing him, "Well get some sleep bud. We have class early tomorrow." 

"Yeah I know," he said sounding somewhat annoyed. 

Deciding it was probably best that I let him be and focus on getting a couple more hours of sleep; I retreated back into my room and closed the door. My name is David. I'm a 20-year-old college sophomore. I stand at about six feet tall with blonde hair and hazel eyes. My lean athletic body was a result of high school sports and a high metabolism. 

This wasn't the first time I had been surprised by my roommate's actions. Alex has been acting strange lately. Really, it seemed as though it started ever since we began the spring semester a couple of weeks ago. Alex had been more agitated and distant. He was getting in more arguments with his girlfriend Olivia, and he hardly ever chose to go out at night with me anymore. What was even stranger was that he would disappear for hours on end multiple times during the week. And, Alex never seemed to give a convincing answer. I knew him well enough to tell that there was something he was hiding from me. After a few weeks of this I was beginning to get worried about him. 

A couple of days later I had my opportunity to find out what was going on. It was in the middle of class late one afternoon when I got my first clue. We were both busy taking notes during an especially boring lecture. Alex started to get a bit fidgety in his seat and was taking glances at the clock. 

"Shit," he cursed under his breath before laying his pencil down. 

I chuckled quietly at him knowing full well that it was nature calling. He got up and excused himself as he hurried out of the classroom door in search of the bathroom. Since we always sat next to each other in class Alex felt fairly comfortable leaving his belongings at his desk. It was no surprise to me when he left his phone sitting on his desk with his other materials. I redirected my attention back towards the professor shortly after Alex left the room. I didn't want to miss anything she said. Class notes were very important for the exam in this class. 

Alex wasn't gone for more than a minute before his phone lit up and buzzed a notification. Not usually a nosey person, I didn't pay much attention to it. But, when it lit up again with another message quickly after the first, I became interested. I leaned across the aisle surreptitiously to take a quick glance. There was no contact name to go along with the phone number. 

The first message simply read, "my place, 15 minutes." 

That was all that I was able to read before the screen went dark again. This piqued my curiosity. I looked over my shoulder to make sure he wasn't walking back in. Tapping the home button, I proceeded to scan the rest of his lock screen notifications. Quickly, I checked the second text he received. 

"Don't make me wait again. You know I can find someone else," the message read. 

"What's all this about?" I asked myself. 

This all struck me as very strange. Immediately I began thinking of anything that would help me piece this together. I couldn't remember any strange people or places that Alex and I had visited recently. I wanted to brush it off as a wrong number. That excuse seemed plausible since he hadn't saved the number in his contacts. But, with the way he's been acting lately, I just couldn't discard my suspicions. Hitting the 'lock screen' button, I went back to writing my notes as I waited for him to return. The entire time I was scribbling notes down I was thinking of those messages. Alex returned from the bathroom a couple of minutes later. He slid back into his seat while the professor droned on. 

"Did I miss anything exciting?" he whispered to me. 

"Oh yeah, you just missed it. The professor took her top off and showed her tits off to the class," I quipped. 

"Fuck off," he chuckled. 

"No really, they looked good for her age," I said continuing to joke with him. 

I positioned my notebook so that he could copy what he'd missed. Alex laughed quietly while he started to jot down the notes. A few minutes passed as the sounds of diligent scribbling and tapping feet resonated around the room. Suddenly his phone buzzed again on his desk. I had never known him to be a jumpy person, but he practically hopped out of his seat at the sound of his phone. He clawed for his phone and read the new notification quickly before unlocking his phone to read the now list of messages. 

"Fuck!" I heard him curse under his breath. 

I glanced over at him. He was furiously typing away on his phone now. 

"What's up?" I asked while trying to pretend to be nonchalant. 

He looked at me a little startled, as I appeared to have shaken him from deep thought. 

"Oh, um... nothing," he lied terribly before hitting send on his phone. 

He sat there for a second or two looking at the clock. We still had another 30 minutes of class to go. After a minute of pondering his situation, he turned to me. 

"David, can you get the rest of the notes for me?" he hesitantly asked. 

"Yeah, sure. Everything okay?" I inquired. 

"Yeah, something just came up and I've got to go," he said. 

"Alright, I'll see you later then," I replied. 

"Okay thanks," he said as he hurriedly put his notebook away and threw his backpack over his shoulder. 

He quickly shuffled his way out of the classroom. I watched him leave and as soon as he turned the corner out of the door I closed my notebook and began packing up. I didn't have any idea about what was going on with Alex, but I knew that this may be my best opportunity to find out. Asking my classmate next to me to send me the rest of the notes, I got up to leave. I had to hurry if I wanted to be able to follow him. 

Unfortunately, the hall was empty when I got out of the classroom. I looked around trying to see where he went. The sound of the stairwell door to my left closing gave me a clue as to where. I sprinted down the hall to catch up. Pushing through the door, I barely caught a glimpse of him as he exited the stairwell to the first floor. I chased him down the stairs and out of the lecture hall, making sure to keep my distance. I was very careful not to be seen. 

I don't know what I expected to find by following him. All I knew was that I had had enough of the secrets and sneaking around. Sure we are close friends and we had established a strong bond of trust, but all this secrecy felt like it was violating that trust. I knew he wouldn't just come out and tell me what was going on if I asked him. Not if he was going to these great lengths to keep me in the dark. 

My mind was a blur of theories as to why this was happening. Was he doing something illegal? Perhaps he was just studying for a test or picking something up? Or maybe he was cheating on his girlfriend? I liked Olivia. She was nice and they always seemed to get along well together. I hadn't noticed any tension in their relationship until the last couple of weeks. 

As I followed Alex, I noticed him pulling his phone out and checking it. He was briskly walking across campus. We passed several lectures halls and student buildings before he headed off-campus. After a few minutes of walking we came upon an off-campus house on the opposite side of town. This was a long way away from our apartment. I didn't know why, but I was getting the feeling that I had been here before. It looked like any other house off campus, but this one felt different than the other unassuming homes. As he approached the front steps I tried to remain out of sight by hiding behind a tree. 

It suddenly occurred to me that we had come to a party here near the end of last semester. As I recalled it was a hell of a good time. Alex had started acting strange that night to. He walked up to me around 3am that night and told me we had to leave immediately. I hadn't seen him for a couple hours up to that point, but he seemed pretty spooked. I was okay with leaving the party. There was a slightly inebriated sorority girl ready to go home with me, and that happened almost never. As we left I remembered some guy hollering at us from the front porch. He had said something that sounded like "I hope to see us again soon." I didn't think anything of it at the time. And I hadn't given that party a second thought since. I had a good time, and I saw that girl again a few more times. 

This revelation had me even more curious now. I hid and waited until Alex entered the house before I made my way up to the front steps. Upon testing the doorknob I found that it was still open. Careful not to make a sound, I snuck inside and closed the door softly. The inside of the house definitely reflected a male occupant. There were clothes, beer cans, and other items strewn about. I looked around quietly trying to see where Alex went. 

"It's about fucking time," I heard from up the stairs. 

This sudden sound nearly made me jump out of my skin. I realized where it was coming from and nimbly made my way to the foot of the stairs. 

"I'm sorry. I didn't have my phone on me," I heard Alex plead his case. 

The way Alex sounded surprised me. I thought that for sure he would tell this guy to fuck off. He wasn't usually one to take comments like that. I carefully went up the stairs as their conversation continued. I tried with great effort not to let the stairs creak. Sweat was forming across my forehead from the attention to detail. 

"And how is that supposed to be my problem?" I heard the guy say, "I'm getting blue balls here waiting." 

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, it won't happen again," Alex said as he stumbled through his words. 

It was pretty clear that he was intimidated by this man or at the very least Alex didn't want him angry at him. For what reason I had no idea. As I got upstairs I could clearly hear them. Their voices were coming from a room down the hall. The door was sitting slightly ajar. 

"When I message you I expect you here," the guy said "If that doesn't work for you I can find someone else." 

"No, no, no..." Alex said quickly, "I'm here. It won't happen again." 

"Good," the man said. 

"What is so damn important to Alex that he'll let this guy talk to him this way," I thought to myself getting angry. 

I had made my way to the door. There was just enough of an opening that I could peer through. It looked like any other bedroom when it comes to off-campus housing. Alex stood in front of a guy that was clearly bigger than him. He looked to be about 6'3" with dark hair and he was well built. I got the feeling that I knew this guy from somewhere. I combed my brain trying to figure out where I'd seen him before. It was then that I realized he was the same guy that had hollered at us at the party. If I remembered correctly, we met him earlier in the night. His name is Greg and he's a fraternity brother of Delta Chi. 

"I can find plenty of other pretty boys like you who would love to be in your spot," Greg said, "But I'd be hard pressed to find one with a mouth quite like yours." 

For some reason Greg chuckled after he said this Since Alex was slightly turned away from me I couldn't completely see his face, but I could tell that he was blushing. 

"What the hell is this," I thought, still not quite piecing it together. 

"Alright," Greg said, "Let's get to it. I've got an exam tomorrow that I need to study for. Time to blow off some steam." 

What unfolded was the most surreal experience of my entire life. Watching through the door crack, I witnessed Alex drop to his knees in front of him and reach for this man's zipper. I didn't believe what I was seeing. Alex pulled this guy's pants down. I could make out the large outline of his dick through his briefs. Reaching into Greg's underwear, he grabbed ahold of the large member. When he released it and pulled the underwear down, my jaw hit the floor. The size of this massive dick was ridiculous. It had to be nearly ten inches long, and it's girth was as impressive as the length. The only thing that surprised me more than the size of his cock was my friend's eagerness to hold it. 

"Oh my god. He's gay," I said quietly to myself. 

Without hesitation, Alex licked the head of his cock. He seemed to take it slow so that he could savor the taste. I watched in amazement, with my mouth agape. Alex then proceeded to lock his lips around Greg's cockhead. He used his hand to stroke the shaft as he worked his mouth on the top of his dick. Backing off briefly to swirl his tongue around the head, Alex teased Greg. Then with gusto he sucked down over half of his cock and began bobbing up and down on him. 

The way he closed his eyes and seemingly inhaled Greg's cock and his scent was mesmerizing. I couldn't move. I was transfixed by what I was seeing. Alex was so passionate about every movement as he enjoyed the length of this cock pumping in and out of his mouth. His efforts weren't unnoticed either. Greg was moaning openly. I was honestly amazed at how good Alex was. No girl I had ever been with compared to what he was doing. My previous girlfriend would make a half-assed attempt at sucking me off. I could always tell she never put any effort in it. 

Alex alternated between short quick movements and sucking nearly his full length. He used his other hand to massage and play with Greg's balls. I began to notice my mouth was getting dry. A flush feeling had overtaken my neck and face. Alex paused briefly to back his mouth off. He sat back on his heels, stroking the wet cock quickly with a smile on his face. He licked his lips before licking from the base of his cock up to the tip. This elicited another groan from Greg who seemed to appreciate every bit of what Alex was doing. 

Latching back onto his meaty pole, Alex's lips squeezed the cockhead seemingly trying to drain the juices from him. Without really intending to, I thought about how I had never noticed just how plump Alex's lips are. If they had been on a girl's mouth, I would love to watch them painted red and wrapped around my dick. The way they perfectly pressed on Greg's shaft was incredibly sexy. 

"Sexy?" I thought, "What am I saying?" 

"No, if it were one of those girls from Delta Zeta it'd be sexy," I repeated to myself. 

But then I noticed that my pants were starting to feel tighter around my waist. My skin was tingling from just watching Alex pump Greg's thick cock. At this point I didn't know what to think as my dick grew in my pants. Energetically, Alex sucked the length of Greg's long dick. All the way down until his nose pressed against his abdomen, Alex appeared to inhale the large member. He came back up for a breath of air briefly and then he deepthroated Greg once again. This expert act of cocksucking caused Greg to tilt his head back with his eyes closed and groan from pleasure. 

Having proven his ability to handle Greg's full length, Alex shortened his movements. He began bobbing up and down again. His lips sucked tightly as his rhythm built. His mouth and hand were increasingly applying pressure to his shaft. 

"Yes," Greg grunted, "here it comes." 

Alex stopped bobbing on his member and held just the head inside his waiting mouth. He used his hand and continued to stroke Greg's cock until cum burst into his mouth. I was still in shock trying to catalog in my brain that Alex was sucking a dick. This had to mean he was gay right? He gave this guy one of the most skillful blowjobs I've ever seen. Obviously he's done it before. Once Greg's orgasm began to subside Alex swallowed and licked his lips of the cum that had escaped his mouth. A very satisfied Greg looked down at Alex and smiled in approval. 

"You're getting really good at that," Greg told him. 

Alex grinned before standing up. The two came together and shared a kiss. Alex then said something to him but it was so soft spoken that I couldn't quite make it out. Greg nodded in agreement and stepped to the side while Alex stepped by him and climbed onto the bed. He pulled his shirt over his head, while Greg fully undressed and followed him. I realized where this was heading and I wasn't sure if I wanted to see this. I thought about leaving but my legs felt like they were stuck in concrete. My hands were shaking as a shiver went up my spine. I didn't know what was happening to me but I couldn't make himself go. 

As I stood there watching, Alex took his shirt off. Greg helped pull Alex's pants down his legs. Now fully disrobed, they situated themselves on the bed. Alex got up on his hands and knees and presented himself while Greg knelt behind him. His hands grabbed ahold of Alex's hips. Kneading the skin, Greg rubbed him down with his strong grip. 

"Ohhhh yeah," Alex groaned in approval. Arching his back, he allowed Greg's hands to travel over his body. 

"Your hands are so strong," Alex cooed. 

After a minute spent enjoying his touch Alex repositioned himself and reached over to the nightstand. Opening the drawer and reaching inside, he pulled out a bottle of lube. As if it wasn't clear already, they definitely had already spent more than a time or two in here together. Alex tossed the bottle back to Greg. Squirting some out, he began applying it to Alex's asshole. His fingers rubbed the entrance and loosened him up a bit. 

Subconsciously, I reached for my pants and felt my bulging cock fighting against my jeans. My hand recoiled when I felt the hardness. I was so incredibly aroused from just the sight of Alex offering his body to another man. This sudden realization that I had gotten hard from just watching my best friend suck another man's cock alarmed me. I took a step away from the door as Greg lined his cock up with Alex's waiting asshole. I was so sexually charged that I couldn't think straight. This whole situation was just too much to comprehend. 

Positioning himself and placing his dick at Alex's entrance, Greg started applying pressure. He slid himself in slowly, but there wasn't nearly as much resistance as I expected. Watching this humongous cock disappear into his ass had me shivering. I placed my hand back over my cock without thinking. The heat coming from my crotch filtered through my jeans. While Greg started to pump his dick in and out Alex's ass I began to slowly rub my encased member. Greg's thrusts were powerful. Using the long and slow force of his hips, he buried his cock into Alex. 

"That's it," Alex said, "Oh yes, give me more." 

Having loosened him up fully, Greg sunk in until his ball-sack rested against Alex's. Without stopping, he pulled out and shoved himself back in. He no longer felt the need to take his time. Greg shoved his cock in hard and fast while Alex bounced forward from the strength of his thrusts. It was at this moment that I couldn't resist anymore. My dick was aching for relief. I quickly unzipped my jeans and reached into my pants to grab ahold of my shaft. 
