 He was close now, I could tell. His cock seemed to expand in my mouth. I knew it was going to be a big one, since I’d been sucking him for almost an hour. He moaned loudly, pushed his pelvis into my face and held my head in his hands. The first shot hit the roof of my mouth with force. Shot after shot of his creamy seed filled my mouth as his cock pulsated against my tongue. I held him in my mouth until his spasms ebbed away. I swallowed his sperm and slowly let his, now limp, cock slide from my mouth. The smile on his face was my satisfaction. It made me feel good to please this man in a most personal way.

He wasn’t my first by any means, and I hope not my last. I’m in my seventies now and I have pleased many men through the years. Am I gay? I don’t think so. I’ve been married for 35 years and my wife and I have had a wonderful sex life. Her sex drive has diminished considerably of late, but we still have great sex, just not too often. I guess I’m bi-sexual because I also love making love to a woman. I love their softness. Their silky skin responds to my tongue. She loves it when I eat her. She says no one has a mouth like mine.

My taking care of men is sort of a roll reversal. When I was in my twenties and single I worked in the research and development department of a very large company. One day I was standing and looking at a chart I had made that I had pinned to the wall. As I was studying the chart the building janitor came up and stood beside me. He asked what I was doing and seemed interested in my work. We were alone in the building. It was night and I was doing some after hour’s research. As I explained my work to him he put his hand on my crotch and held it there, I suppose, to see how I would react. Thinking back, I suppose the normal thing for me to do was back off and break off our conversation, but for some reason I didn’t. Up to that time I hadn’t had a thought about sex with another man. I had been to bed with a few women and was enjoying my heterosexuality. This man was in his seventies, married with grown children. 

I just stood there, which was his encouragement. He began to grope and feel my crotch. He continued this until it was evident that he had aroused me enough to cause my cock to get hard. Then, he abruptly let go of my genitals and walked away. I turned and looked at him. He was standing at the men’s room door and smiling. He gestured with his head that I should join him. When I walked into the men’s room he was in a stall, sitting on the toilet seat. I walked up to him. He unbuckled my belt and unzipped my fly. My trousers fell to the floor. He inserted his thumbs into my skivvies and slid them down to my ankles. He reached around and held my ass cheeks in his hands and pulled me toward his face. I was stone hard. Looking up at me, he smiled. Then he took out his teeth (uppers and lowers) and put them on the back of the toilet. A toothless smile and then he squeezed my ass and pulled me into his mouth. I was in heaven! It was like a warm, wet cunt with the added attraction of a probing tongue. He pulled my 7 inches deep into his throat. I almost shot my load then and there. But, then he backed off a little and sucked me slowly. It was wonderful. He manipulated my throbbing cock with his wonderful mouth and exciting tongue for about another ten minutes. I moaned when I felt my orgasm coming. Hearing me moan, he gripped my ass cheeks tighter and sucked harder making a “mmmmm” noise on my cock. As I shot my load into his mouth he continued sucking and making that “mmmmm” sound. Several loads of my cum emptied into his eager mouth as I began to relax. He sucked me clean and swallowed every drop. When I backed away he put his teeth back in his mouth and grinned at me.

“How was it,” he asked?

“That was wonderful,” I said.

“You can have that any time you want, you know,” he said.

“I must have died and gone to orgasm heaven,” I laughed.

“My name is George,” he told me. “I love to suck cock and yours is very delicious.”

I felt really odd. Was I gay now? Somehow I felt guilty, like I did something really naughty. 

“Of course,” he continued, “we have to be careful. We don’t want to get fired. I’ll see you again tomorrow night if you’re working.”

He got up as I was adjusting my shirt into my trousers. No more words were said between us. He left and I went back to my work.

The next night, sure enough, he was there again. We went back into the men’s room and he sucked me off again. Every night that week I received a super blow job. I was looking forward to them. I was worried that he might want some reciprocation, but he never made a move that way. 

On the weekend he called my apartment and asked if I would give him a hand with a small project he had to do at his house. Feeling grateful to him, I agreed. We worked in his back yard repairing his back porch. His wife came out and he introduced us. She was a very pleasant older lady. I felt odd meeting her, knowing that her husband was sucking my cock daily. We had a pleasant conversation though and after a while she said she was going shopping. Immediately after she left he led me into the house. He sat on a kitchen chair and called me to him. I quickly took my pants and underwear down and he took me deep into his throat. He was bald and I held the back of his smooth head as he sucked. I loved the way he moaned as he sucked, indicating to me that he really loved what he was doing.

The following week at work was the same. Even when I didn’t work at night he would come to my office, lock the door and kneel in front of my chair, taking me in his mouth so expertly. Only when I had to go out of town for a few days did I miss my daily service. When I returned I couldn’t wait to be in his mouth again.

This went on for two years without much interruption until I found the woman I wanted to marry. I was dating regularly and having sex with women, all the while receiving daily blow jobs. When I married I figured I didn’t need the daily orgasm fro my friend, since my new wife and I fucked and sucked almost every day. Not long after I married, I started a business of my own, working out of my home office. My wife Jeannie worked for an attorney in town.

One day, as I was working and Jeannie was at work, there was a knock on the door. It was George asking if he could talk with me. I let him in and we sat in my office. He asked how my marriage was going and I asked of his wife. It was a normal conversation, but, unbelievably I found myself getting hard just talking with him. He glanced down and noticed my bulge. 

George smiled and said, “Miss me?”

I laughed and said, “I guess I do.”

Kneeling in front of me, he unzipped my pants and pulled out my, now very hard, cock. He took his teeth out and put them on my desk. Then he devoured my cock, with all the moans and movements as before. George cupped my balls and deep throated me as I held on to his bald head. I came deep in his throat. He eagerly swallowed my seed and cleaned my up with his tongue. “You can still have that anytime, you know,” he said. 

As time went on Jeannie and I, being the sex fiends that we were, began to swing with other couples. I loved to watch her sucking on a big cock or getting fucked by some guy while I too was getting laid and sucked. She had bright red hair then that complimented her green eyes. Nice 36 c breasts and a lovely little red trimmed pussy was what turned me and other guys on. 

One night, as we were swinging with a nice young couple, Jeannie was sitting on this guy’s cock enjoying the ride as she moved up and down on it. I had just eaten his wife and she had a tremendous orgasm. She rested while I joined Jeannie and her husband. As she rode his cock I put my mouth on her cunt and began to lick her clitoris.

“Oh, yes honey, eat me,” she moaned. She was getting real excited now, bouncing madly up and down on his prick. Suddenly his cock popped out of her wet cunt and it somehow got into my mouth. I was about to back off, but I was so turned on that I just continued to suck on this guys cock. Jeannie stared at me.

“Oh, Ted,” she said, “That is so hot! Keep sucking him. I love it!”

And I did continue to suck on this cock, the first one I ever tasted. He didn’t seem to mind; in fact he kept pushing his pelvis up into my face, urging me on. I was surprised at myself. I really was enjoying this. I took him deep a few times, gagging. As the years went by, I greatly improved on my deep throat techniques. Jeannie sat close, eagerly watching his cock pulsing in and out of my mouth. His wife came over and got into it by feeling Jeannie’s breasts. The guy and I ended up in a sixty-nine and so did the girls. I remember my first taste of cum. It was not unpleasant. I would come to love it. 

When we got home Jeannie and I got comfortable with a highball and some snacks.

“Ted, that was so hot, you sucking that guy’s cock. It really turned me on,” she said.

“Why not,” I said. “You know how turned on I get watching you eat another woman.”

“I guess, but I never thought I’d see you sucking a cock.”

“Well, we don’t have to let everybody know about it.”

“No, but I want to see you do it again, and I want to see you get sucked again. I loved watching that guy suck you.”

“Really,” I asked?

“Really. Do you know any guys that do that?”

“Well, there’s George,” I said.

“Who’s George,” she asked?

“It’s a long story,” I said. “Let me tell you about George.”

I told her all about my daily blow jobs over the years, and about the one I recently got in my home office. 

“Why didn’t you tell me about him before,” she said. “I want to watch him as he sucks you.”

“That can be arraigned”, I said

The next time George was on his knees with my hard cock in his mouth, he was surprised when Jeannie came in the room. He didn’t stop sucking though. Never missed a stroke. Jeannie sat on the couch and watched. She slid her hand up her skirt and pulled her panties off so she could slide her fingers in her cunt. Later, she told me she came when George began moaning as I was shooting my cum in his mouth.

Now, as I think back over the years, I have sucked more than my share of cocks. Never met a cock I didn’t like. George passed away some years ago and it seems I have taken his place. I have a profile on the chats that says. “I like to service those men whose wives do not give head, or do not do it well.” I thank old George for my training. He trained me well.