 Tom felt like he was going to be sick. He paced back and forth in his living room, mind racing. What was he going to do? Was it just his imagination? Maybe Jason had been joking, and he was worrying for nothing. He was just about to grab his phone to text Jason, and tell him not to come over. He could come up with some excuse. Just then he heard a knock on his door.

"Shit," he muttered. Too late. He heard another knock. Maybe he could pretend he forgot Jason was coming over and say he had to go out? He pulled the door open, ready to make up an excuse. His friend Jason was casually standing there, leaning against the wall, a knowing smile on his handsome face. All thoughts flew out of his head, and his stomach dropped. He was on the top of the rollercoaster about to go down the hill and there was no getting off.

"Can I come in," Jason said quietly, eyes steady on Tom's face.

"Come on in," Tom said robotically, stepping back automatically to let Jason pass. Jason walked past him slowly, shoulder brushing Tom's chest, and Tom instantly felt goosebumps raise on his arms. His heartbeat was speeding up, and he took a deep breath to calm down, and shut and locked the front door. He turned to face his friend.

Neither said anything, just locked eyes. There was a tension in the room that almost made the air crackle.

This all started the weekend before. Tom had some guys over to watch the game. It was a long night of football and drinking, and eventually Jason was the only person still there. Tom didn't think it was a good idea for Jason to drive, so he told him to stay over. He was pretty drunk himself, so it was it good thing he didn't need to go anywhere.

As they sat on the couch, bullshitting back and forth, Tom drunkenly complained that he needed to get laid. It had been months since he had broken up with his girlfriend, and even when they were together, the sex hadn't been great. Normally Tom was very buttoned up, but he had more to drink than he had in a long time, and Jason was one of those guys that didn't say a lot, but seemed to make those around him talk. As Tom went on, Jason smiled and didn't say anything.

"What is so funny," Tom slurred.

"Nothing, you actually just made me think about my last girlfriend, and this amazing threesome we had. That girl was wild." He shook his head looking away like he was remembering every detail in his head. Then he looked back at Tom who was staring at him. "What?"

"You can't just say that and not give the gory details man. I know what Tory looked like, she was so hot, but what about the other chick? What did they do? C'mon, give it up!"

"What chick?"

"The third of your threesome?"

"Oh." Jason stopped there, still smiling. "It wasn't a woman."

That thought just hung there in air. Tom was pretty drunk, so it took him a minute then his eyes grew large. "You mean you were with a guy? You are shitting me!"

"No, I'm not." He took a swig from his beer bottle and put it on the table. "It was for Tory's birthday. She always fantasized about being in the middle of a man sandwich, and at first I thought no way, but I came around. I was trying to keep things together with us, and was willing to try just about anything.

"No way man," Tom, said shaking his head. "You did not."

"I did, and it ended up being the most mind-blowing sex I ever had." Jason saw the look of shock on Tom's face. "No shit man, earth-shattering."

Neither men spoke for a few minutes, just staring at the television. Then Jason said, "that guy gave me the best blow job. He was fucking amazing."

Tom was silent for a few seconds, and then broke out laughing. "Good one man, I almost fell for it. You really sold it," he said, slapping Tom on the back. He collapsed back against the couch, still laughing quietly.

Jason didn't say anything, just picked his beer up, took another drink, and sat back, smiling.

Tom stopped laughing, and looked back at him. "Seriously, you ARE joking, right? No way would you let a guy...do that to you??"

Jason turned to him slowly, made sure Tom was looking right at him. "I came so hard I almost passed out. I didn't know I had that much spunk in me. Felt like I was coming forever."

Tom said nothing, just stared, feeling like he couldn't breathe.

"Tell you what," Jason said setting his beer down again and turning back to his friend. "I'm too drunk to do a decent job now, but ever since that night, I've wanted to try myself, and see if I could manage to pull that out of someone. I'll come over next Friday night and prove it."

"Yeah ok," Tom said smiling, sure now he was pulling his leg. Then he got up, grabbed a blanket for Jason. He tossed it at him and told him to get some sleep. He collapsed in his own bed. When he got up the next morning Jason was gone.

That whole next week Tom didn't think of their conversation again, didn't really remember much of that night at all. That was until Jason called around six Friday night and told Tom he would be over by seven. Tom didn't get a chance to get a word in before Jason hung up. He stood there for a few minutes, and their conversation from the previous weekend came back to him in a rush.

Over the next hour Tom debated calling Jason back and canceling, wondering how far Jason would go to pull this joke off, sure it was still just that. Hoping it was just that. He had just decided to text Jason when he heard the knock on the door. And now here they stood.

Tom decided diversion and ignorance were the way to go. "Want a beer," he asked walking past Jason toward the kitchen.

"Sure, thanks."

Tom grabbed a couple of beers out of the fridge, popped them open, took a deep breath, and headed to the living room.

"Here you go," Tom said handing one of the bottles to Jason, and he sat down in the recliner across from the couch where Jason sat, relaxed, legs out in front of him. For a few minutes neither spoke, just sipped from their bottles.

Finally Tom broke the silence. "That was one hell of a game last weekend," he said before he could stop himself.

"Yeah," Jason said. "It was. We got toasted though. Good conversation after everyone left."

That thought just hung in the air, as Tom nervously swallowed a few drinks of beer.

"Ok, so you're going to play dumb, or you thought I was joking." Jason stood up, walked over to the chair Tom was sitting in, and reached down to pull Tom up so they were face to face. "I wasn't joking," he said, and reached down to pull Tom's zipper down. Before Tom could even react, Jason pulled his jeans down around his knees.

Jason looked down and smiled, seeing Tom's semi-hard cock. "Nothing under your jeans when you knew I was coming over. Interesting." He pushed Tom back down into the chair, and kneeled in front of him.

Tom felt like the world had slowed down and his limbs were like lead. He felt helpless as he looked down at Jason lowering his head close to his hardening penis. When Jason first reached his tongue out and licked the length of his cock, Tom jerked up like he had gotten an electric shock, then back down, breath coming faster. He knew he wouldn't stop him, he was resigned to letting this happen. Maybe even wanted it to happen.

Jason smiled slightly, knowing his friend had given in to what was going to happen the minute he opened the door and let him in. He used both hands to wrap around the base of Tom's cock, and leaned back in to the head, sucking it between his lips. Tom's cock was a little above the average length, and thick.

Tom laid his head back and moaned as he felt the friction of Jason's hands moving back and forth on the base of his cock, in opposite directions. Then when Jason slurped in the mushroom tip and popped it back out, he was lost. He needed this.

Jason continued the pressure on the base of Tom's now hard and throbbing cock, while slipping more of the shaft into his mouth. Jason had no gag-reflex, so quickly had half the length in his mouth, tongue working around the surface inside his mouth.

Tom whimpered as he unconsciously thrust up toward Jason's face. All rational thought left him, all he could do is moan as the sensations overwhelmed him. Jason continued to take more of Tom's fully rigid member deeper, inch by inch, until his nose was buried against Tom's pubic hair. He calmly breathed through his nostrils, and his tongue worked feverishly around the cock filling his mouth and throat.

He pulled his head back until only the head remained, and he sucked hard, like the mushroom head was a piece of delicious hard candy. Then worked to engulf his entire cock back inside. Tom's legs splayed out on either side of Jason, as his head helplessly rolled back and forth. The sensations were almost too much, and his need to come was overwhelming. He had never been deep throated before, and it was the most incredible thing he had ever felt.

Not thinking, Tom reached out to put his hand on the back of Jason's head, as he began to furiously bob up and down, while his hands encircling the base rotated faster around. Tom's ass was off the chair as his entire body tightened in anticipation of release.

Jason moved one hand off Tom's shaft and reached underneath to massage his rock hard balls, and then moved to the area underneath his balls and back to his hole. As he slipped one finger inside Tom, Tom's body jerked up and his cock exploded in Jason's mouth. Jason kept his mouth firmly on Tom's cock as the cum continued to flow, swallowing as quickly as he could without spilling a drop.

Tom felt a bright light against the back of his eyelids, then darkness as he came harder than ever before, harder than he thought was possible. As the last of his juices drizzled out of his well-used cock into Jason's mouth, he collapsed back, eyes closed.

Jason wiped a few drops that slipped out the side of his mouth, and sucked them off. He sat back on his heels, looking up at his satisfied friend.

A few minutes later, Tom's eyes fluttered open. "That was"

"I know. Now you know I wasn't joking." He stood up leaned over to whisper in Tom's ear, as his hand have Tom's cock a gentle tug. "Men give the best head."

Jason sat back down on the couch and took a swallow from his beer bottle. He reached down and unzipped his jeans, pulling out his own cock, hard and pointing up.

"So should we turn on the game, and when you've recovered, let's see how you do."