 Thanks for the nice comments from my last story - hope you enjoy this continuation.

***

Tom rolled over in bed and pulled the covers up, when he felt a warm firm body spoon him from behind. He smiled sleepily, grabbing Jason's arm and pulling it around his torso. Jason cuddled in and gently kissed the back of Tom's neck, causing goosebumps all over his body. Jason felt Tom's cock harden and press against his back, causing his own penis to stir.

He couldn't believe how much had changed in his life over the last month, ever since that crazy Friday night when Jason blew his mind and he blew his load. After that initial line was crossed, something flipped in Tom. He didn't hesitate in that moment, after he recovered, to reciprocate and give Jason a rather sloppy, but enthusiastic blow job.

Tom and Jason didn't give their changed relationship a label, they just figured that neither had a girlfriend, so they might as well help each other get off. Friends with benefits seemed to fit. They had kept it to jerking each other off and plenty of blow jobs, with occasional making out, but hadn't progressed further. Although last night was the first night that they had spent the entire night together. Falling asleep skin to skin seemed so natural.

Jason ran his fingertips tenderly over Tom's bare hip and smiled, feeling his bare skin cover with goosebumps, knowing his touch caused the reaction. His hand reached over further, and he took Tom's hardening cock in his hand and started stroking the flesh up and down.

Tom sighed, feeling his muscles tighten, as the sensation of Jason's firm grip working his dick overcame him. He unconsciously started thrusting back and forth against Jason, causing Jason's stiff cock to slide against Tom's crack, up and down. Jason's other hand spread his butt cheeks, and his cock started pushing against his puckered hole. He wanted to tell him to stop, but Jason's strong hand working his cock distracted him, and when Jason removed his hand and then put it back, wet fingers from his saliva slipping inside him, Tom moaned, helpless.

Jason's fingers worked in and out of Tom's virgin asshole, two fingers, then three, then quickly as he pulled them out leaving a gape, slipped the spongy head of his cock, coated with precum, inside. Tom gasped, feeling the slight pain as he was penetrated for the first time, but unable to speak. Jason worked his entire head inside and stopped, giving Tom a chance to stop him. When he didn't hear anything, he started slowly thrusting, inch by inch, filling Tom. This was a first for them both. His tight ass constricted around him, as he continued to jerk Tom's cock in rhythm with his thrusts, until his groin was plastered against Tom's tight ass.

"What do you want me to do," Jason whispered against Tom's ear, then licked the edge of his earlobe."

Tom was on the edge, the pain inside fading and a new desire growing. "You're already inside me, so don't stop. Fuck me," he moaned.

Jason took Tom's earlobe into his mouth and sucked, as Tom's body shuddered against him. He pulled fully out of Tom's ass, and he cried out, as he felt the emptiness.

"Get on your knees," Jason ordered in a new firm tone. He was in charge now.

Tom looked back at him, licking his lips. "Yes sir," and did as he was told. He got on all fours, with his legs spread apart wide. Jason reached over to the nightstand and grabbed the lube. He poured a generous amount on his stiff dick, threw the bottle back, and moved behind Tom. He rubbed his cockhead against the less puckered hole, and when Tom pushed back against him groaning in need, he pushed and popped back inside him.

Tom felt like a bitch in heat, needing to be filled again, and drove back against Jason. He started thrusting back and forth, fucking himself against him. Jason grabbed Tom's waist and just let Tom impale himself, closing his eyes and enjoying the tight grasp of Tom's tight hole on his rigid cock. Tom felt Jason hit his prostate and lights hit behind his eyes and his cock swelled, ready to spill. The combination of pain and pleasure was almost too much.

Jason felt Tom's asshole constrict on his cock as he started to come, and he took over, pounding Tom hard and fast until he yelled out, "fuck!" spurting his juices deep inside Tom.

Tom fell forward in total exhaustion, and Jason's cock slipped out, wet and leaking juices, and he collapsed down on his side, hand possessively on Tom's ass, still quivering in climax.

After several minutes, Tom turned on his side, facing Jason, and leaned forward to place a tender kiss on Jason's moist lips. Jason put his hand behind Tom's head, pulling his head closer, tongue slipping in Tom's waiting mouth.

They lay there looking at each other knowing something had changed between them, and they couldn't go back, didn't want to go back.

"Come here baby," Jason said, and Tom moved closer to his lover, putting his head on his chest, and closing his eyes. They both fell asleep, completely satisfied.