 I've always wondered whether I was bi or gay - I mean I knew I always got hard in the locker rooms looking at all of the beautiful cocks, but who doesn't? Luckily since I was the captain of the football team, 6'1" and ripped, no one really messed with me - that is, until I met Jeremy.

Jeremy was one of those really quiet guys that you never even notice. Despite having the build of Adonis, perfect skin, and most amazing smile, he generally stayed under the radar. He was black, and a star wide receiver on our team. To be honest, because of his disposition, I only knew him by his number instead of his name for the longest time. Then... Shit went down.

We had just won the state championship. In the game winning play, tied 69-69, Jeremy caught my throw and scored a touchdown to put us up 6 more points and defeat the lions. We were carried off the field, then stayed for a press conference, still in full uniform. Once the conference ended, we headed over to the locker room to shower up and go out. I had never really talked to Jeremy, and there was this awkward silence as we walked over.

He went to his locker, I went to mine, and we stripped down. When I went to go shower, I saw him naked for the first time. Damn. The beads of water washed down his chiseled dark brown chest, moving happily down the smooth ridges of his abs to his manhood. I stared at him, entranced by his physique and sex appeal. Literally everything about him oozed sex. He lifted his arms to massage his massive pecs, and his biceps and triceps rippled as he rubbed his skin. Suddenly, moved to wash his legs and bent down. His ass went up, and my eyes stayed glued to it. His hairless bubble butt glimmered as the water splashed on it, his muscles faintly showing. When he stood back up, we made eye contact. His shimmering blue eyes connected with me as we gazed into each other's pupils as though they were galaxies. My eyes glazed over and he started walking towards me.

"Whatcha looking at Matt?"

"Sorry Jeremy I just sorta zoned out..."

"Yeah you didn't look too zoned out to get a boner. Look at you. All I have to do is shower and you're practically drooling. Tell me Matt, what do you want from me. Ask nicely and I might just let you have it."

"Dude what the fuck are you talking about"

"I saw you looking at me. I started to shower and you couldn't take your eyes off me. Now tell me. What do you want."

I stared around anxiously, making sure that no one was there. Nope, no one else. Just me and black guy who knew I was creeping on him. I decided to think and come up with a plan.

Shit. What do I do now? I can say what I want to say, or I can deny it and walk away. Well, I want it bad, but I don't want to ruin my reputation so I'm gonna walk away.

"Uh Jeremy I have no clue what your talking about, so I'm just gonna walk away now... See you later..."

"Oh you pretty white fucktard. I know you want this black cock to fill up all your holes. Come get your share of the load - I even offer seconds for grateful guests."

With this Jeremy walked up, grabbed my head, and forced me down to his dick. He thrust it into my mouth with a groan and I eagerly took all 11 inches into my mouth. He left it in there for a second and then began taunting me, which gave me the biggest hard on of my entire life.

"Oh Matt, I always knew you were a cocksucking whore. Now swallow my dick you little white bitch, take it like the girl you want to be."

At this point he began to vigorously facefuck me, until the friction became so great that my lips began to beat up. Drops of salty precum ran down the back of my throat, feeding my hungry desire for his seed. Then with a loud groan, his chocolate milk rushed out of his dick and into my eagerly awaiting mouth. I had never tasted cum before, but in mere minutes, I had become addicted. I wanted all the black cock I could get. It nourished me in a way nothing else could satisfy, and I couldn't get enough.

He removed his dick from my mouth and ordered me to lick his balls and clean up the cum on the rest of his dick. I licked every inch of his sack, playing with his balls in my mouth. I wanted to massage his milk factory, since I had a feeling it would need to work overtime today.

"Okay Matt. Turn around. Let me see that virgin ass of yours"

"Yes, Jeremy. Please, breed my ass."

"Bend over and shut up. The only thing I want to hear are the sobs from me shredding your pretty, tight hole and the dripping of your tears onto the floor.

I did as he said, and watched as he lubed himself up with some Vaseline.

"Okay Matt, your ass is now mine. Anytime I want it, I will have it. I don't care what you're doing. I own you now."

With that, he slammed his rock hard dick into my ass, making my sphincter feel permanently damaged. With slow, steady strokes, he forcefully pounded all of my insides, seemingly reaching all the way up to my throat. I felt his warm piece of man meat traveling along every inch of my insides, destroying anything blocking it's path. His bulging veins gently massaged my hole, as he got stiffer by the minute.

Before too long, he picked up the pace, furiously fucking my brains out. He then stopped, flipped me on my back, and continued, going slow and then steadily increasing the velocity.

"Matt, stare into my eyes. Look at your master. Tell him you want his seed."

"Master, I want your seed."

"Good girl, Matt. You may receive Master's seed now."

With this, I felt him get rigid, and for a second, everything slowed down. Then, my insides became a river of chocolate milk, slathering every inch of me with warm juicy cum. Yet, he was not done. He pulled out and shoved my face under his dick.

"Now Matt, you will only see me."

Cum exploded all over my face. I was completely glazed and exhausted. He stood up, went over to the shower, rinsed off, and came back to me.

"You're my slave now Matt. No one hears about this and you keep your reputation. Just follow every command of mine or face the consequences. First one: There's a gloryhole in the 3rd stall. Be there at 4:30pm tomorrow."

Jeremy left, and I laid down in amazement. I had just been fucked by a big black cock in a locker room and now was Jeremy's space. What the fuck.

In the coming weeks, I became an obedient slave and Jeremy and I ended up becoming friends with benefits. We kept our relationship to ourself, but even now that I'm 40, I still get a call to come be a cum dumpster for him.

The end.