 The following day was a strange one. I had class in the morning, Mike had his managers' meeting. We didn't have time to talk after waking up, and even if we had, I don't know what I would have said.

It wasn't that I regretted what had happened, or did I? There was some indecision about it, but I wasn't agonizing over the thing. It happened. That was it. Or was it?

I won't say that I avoided going home that day, but I did try to take my time and sort out my thoughts before. I still didn't want to offend Mike, but I also wondered if he thought that we were boyfriends now. It was all very strange.

When I finally did get home, Mike wasn't even there. It was odd because usually he had gotten off of work by that time. I wondered if he was thinking about last night. I wondered if he regretted it. By the time ten o'clock rolled around, I decided to go to bed.

I was probably only in bed for ten or fifteen minutes before I heard the front door of the apartment open. I didn't know whether to pretend I was asleep or face the music when he came into the bedroom. I decided to play asleep at first and see where things went. When he finally entered the bedroom, Mike didn't say a word. It was hard to tell, but I don't think he was even looking at me. 

He started to get undressed and stopped when he reached his underwear. It was about then that I could smell the alcohol. He'd been drinking. I couldn't tell, however, if he was drunk.

Without a word, he climbed into his bed. I began to wonder if he was really regretting what had happened. That's when he rolled off his bed and made his way over to mine. He sat on my bed, touched my shoulder and said:

"Scott?"

I rolled over and looked at him.

"Are you okay?" He asked. I nodded. "I was worried," he said, "worried that you might be unhappy with what we did last night."

"I'm not unhappy," I said.

"Are you okay with it?"

"I guess so. It's still sinking in."

A moment of silence passed between us.

"Could we talk?" He asked.

"Sure."

"Would it be okay if I laid beside you? If you say no, it's okay, believe me. I just thought it might be easier to talk that way."

"Okay." I responded. Mike slid onto the bed next to me. We looked at each other, but weren't touching.

"I hope that you're feeling okay about things. I don't know if I should have done what I did. It wasn't something that I was planning to do. But once you were massaging me, I couldn't control my attraction anymore. I guess it'd been building for some time."

"It's okay," I said. I didn't know what else to say.

"I don't regret it for me though."

I started to turn onto my side to face him more, but was trapped under the sheet that he was lying on.

"Sorry," he said, and I scooted the sheet back, laying on top of it.

"No problem," I said, stretching out.

"So…" he said. At that point, my foot grazed his. I pulled back in a reflex. But when I looked into his eyes, he seemed disappointed, like I was rejecting him.

"I don't regret what happened," I said, smiling slightly.

"Are you sure?" He asked.

"Yes. I could have said no." His footed drifted toward mine. When it made contact, I didn't move. Our barefeet were lightly touching.

"You know that it doesn't make you gay, right?"

"Yes." 

He smiled at me. Slowly he started flexing his toe, lightly stroking the top of my foot.

"But you know what?" He started, smiling broader, "You were really something. I can't remember the last time I was able to repeat so many times in a night." Our feet were stroking a little more.

"I thought you were enjoying it," I said, smiling. He laughed a little.

"Can I give you a hug?" He asked.

"Sure." I said. He scooted over to me and we hugged awkwardly while lying on the bed.

"Thanks," he said softly in my ear. "You're great." He held his face alongside mine for a few seconds. Then pulled back. He looked me in the eyes.

"I have to tell you," he said, "If I was going to design a lover, he'd be a lot like you." He smiled again and ran his hand along my cheek. Then he stopped and stared into my eyes. I didn't do anything. After a second, he leaned in and kissed me. I let him. He pulled back and closed his eyes.

"I guess I can't help myself." He said. I would have felt terrible if I let him think that. I was hard as a rock and ready to go again.

"Neither can I," I said, and leaned into him, kissing his lips. Our tongues worked over each other frantically. Suddenly, he pulled back again.

"Should we do this again? Are you sure?"

"Yes," I said, stroking his body, "I want to be your lover. That's what I want."

We kissed again, deeply.

"Lover…"

Kissing.

"…is right," he said before we met again in a deep kiss. He pulled back, looked me in the eyes. "I want to be your lover, too."

I started to slide down toward his hard cock, but he stopped me.

"Wait," he said, "I want you to experience something…if you're interested." 

"What?" I asked.

He stood, pulled his underwear off and gave me a view of his gorgeous, hard cock. I could make out the thick head, the veins, his giant balls. He began stroking them seductively, smiling at me.

"I know you like this piece of meat," he started, rubbing his own balls as he stroked his thick shaft, "but how do you feel about this part of me?"

With that, he turned and ran a hand over his bare ass. I smiled a little and sat up, leaning toward him. With one hand, I pulled his ass cheek aside and buried my mouth into his crack, frenching his hole.

"Whoa," he said with a little laugh, "that's not what I meant. I meant…mmmm….god, your tongue is so fucking hot. I meant that I…mmmm" He was unable to finish and for the next couple of minutes I used my newly learned rimming skills on him. He finally pulled away and managed to produce a condom from his nightstand.

"I meant this," he said, "Would you like to fuck me?"

"I'd love it," I said.

I couldn't believe what I was about to do, but there wasn't anything in the world that was going to stop me at this point. As Mike knelt before me and slid my boxers off, I thought how strange it was that I never would have considered something like this only a few days earlier. Or maybe I would have. I was very confused at this point, but also very horny.

Mike stroked my rock hard dick a little and began to unwrap the condom. As he got it out of its package, he licked the head of my cock, sucked it into his mouth softly. As he bobbed up and down on it a few times, I remembered the hot fun of the previous night. He sucked my balls a little, now holding the condom in one hand. Finally, smiled up at me and began to roll it on my cock.

Once it covered me, he returned to his nightstand and produced some KY jelly. He climbed past me onto the bed and lubed up two of his fingers. Then, as he rubbed them on his hole, he looked up at me.

"This isn't normally my thing," he said, "but I'd like you to experience this." Then he slid a finger into his anus and moaned a little. I watched, entranced, as he loosened his hole with one and then two fingers. After a couple of minutes, he motioned for me to get into position.

I climbed onto my knees in front of him and expected him to get on all fours. I simply assumed that doggie style was the preferred method. He set me straight.

"It's best with me on my back, my legs up over your shoulders. Trust me."

Feeling a little awkward, I positioned myself between Mike's legs and looked down at my condom covered hard on. He slid down slightly and helped me to angle my hard cock at his hole. With his legs up over my shoulders, it was a little difficult to balance the whole thing at first, but I felt the tip of my cock wrapped in rubber slide between his ass cheeks…a warm feeling.

"Mmmm…" came the sound from Mike as my cock head ran into a little recess that had to be his hole. With a little urging, I pushed forward. My cock bent slightly at the resistance. "Push harder," he moaned.

So I did. It didn't take much. In no time the first inch or two of my cock had slid inside his hole. It was warm and tight. Tighter than a pussy. I started to push forward more. Mike, however, slowed me as he needed to take it a bit more gradual.

Little ins and outs led to more than half of my cock being buried in his warm hole. I marveled at how good it felt. By now, it was easier and only a few more strokes found my entire cock inside Mike.

"Okay, Scott…my ass is all yours. Have fun." He didn't need to tell me twice. I started pumping slowly in and out. The feeling was unreal. His asshole gripped and rubbed my cock with each stroke.

"Oh, baby," he groaned as I bottomed out with a thrust that felt like pure bliss. "I can't believe I've got your sexy young cock sliding in and out of my hole. This is like a dream come true."

I quickened the pace. Even through the condom I could feel the beautifully velvety walls of his ass massaging my hard cock. I knew I wouldn't last long. I finally lost control when I glanced down and saw Mike stroking his own cock with each entry that my cock made into his ass. His eyes were closed and he seemed to be loving it.

"Fuck, Mike…I can't hold on. I have to cum" I announced.

"Do it, baby, make that sexy young cock shoot inside my ass." With that, I exploded in the longest, hardest and most incredible orgasm I had ever had. When it finally subsided, I fell on top of him. He kissed my neck and embraced me.

"How was it?" he asked.

"Too unbelievable to describe" I said.

"I thought you might like it," he came back. "It's a great feeling."

When I pulled out of him and shed the condom, I saw that he was fully hard and still needed to cum.

"What did you mean when you said this wasn't normally your thing?" I asked.

"I meant that I usually give, not receive."

"Then why did you –"

"Because I wanted you to have the chance to do it. Don't worry, it was wonderful for me."

"But not the most wonderful, right?"

"It was fine."

"Is there something you want more?"

"Don't worry about it."

"Please, tell me," I said.

"You mean my number one fantasy?" He asked.

"Yes."

"Number one would be for me to have your ass. But I don't think –"

"Let's do it," I said.

"Are you sure, Scott?"

"Yes."

He sat up, kissed my lips and said:

"I might be in love with you."

In a few seconds, he'd put a condom on and was getting his lubed fingers onto my hole. And then it got tough. For him to slide one finger into my ass was difficult. It felt strange, even hurt a little. I tried to relax and eventually did, but one finger was all the could get in my ass without pain.

"Forget the fingers," I said, "Just go ahead and get it inside me. I'll be fine."

"Scott, it isn't that easy."

"Just try. I'll be okay."

With that, he slid his thick eight and a half incher to my hole. Trying to enter, he pushed hard. I worked to suppress the pain. Finally, as the head started to go in, it was too much and I begged him to stop.

He pulled back and I apologized. He would have none of it.

"It's okay, Scott. I didn't think you'd be ready for this. This might sound egotistical, but I'm not working with a small cock here."

"That's for sure," I said. "But you need to cum."

"There's an easier way," he told me.

"What?"

"Well, first, get on your stomach."

I did it. Then Mike laid on top of me and slid his hot cock between my ass cheeks.

"Is this okay?" He asked as he began to pump his cock between my cheeks.

"Mmmm…." I said, "feels good." And it did. I could tell it was good for him, too. He was moaning and pumping faster in no time.

"Do you know what, baby?" He whispered in my ear.

"What?" I moaned back.

"My cock head actually got inside your sexy hole. So technically, I took your cherry. My cock was the first to make it inside you."

"The first? You think there are going to be more?"

"I have a feeling there will be…a sexy ass like that will have more cocks. It's too gorgeous not to."

With that he began to explode in orgasm. He shot for what seemed like two minutes. When he finally pulled the condom off, it was overflowing with his juice. He told me it was probably the most he'd ever shot before. 

The rest of the night was more of the same. We slept together naked. Made out, sucked and I fucked him once more. It was two nights in a row…and things were never going to be the same again.