 When I left the school that day I was a little confused. For those who aren’t sure of what I’m talking about, I had sex with two of my teachers. 

Anyway, the problem is, I don’t know how, but one day, Robins call me. 

“How the hell did he get my phone number?” I thought. 

“Dave, it’s me.”

“Hi, Mr. Robins.”

“Please, call me Mark.”

‘Till then it was fine. But the trouble was next.

“I’d like to go out with you. I know you stare at me during my lectures. It’s okay, I stare at you too.”

I really don’t know why but in that moment, just hearing his male strong voice made me have an erection. 

“o-ok.” I said. I was scared as shit, I didn’t know what to do or say.

“What about tonight? I know a great bar and we can have sometime together to, y’know get to know each other better.”

“Ha… um… can you pick me?”

“Sure, no problem. Is seven good for you?”

“Excellent.”

Oh My God, I was about to go on a date with a man. With my teacher!!!!

Of course I already had some experiences in relationship with another guys, but they were only a little bit older than me, and I mean, Mark was 32!!! I’m only 18!!! 

Few hours later, he stopped in front of my house. I was shaking. 

We went to a bar. A gay bar. Now comes the surprise. Half of the football team was there, and don’t ask me what they were doing!!! 

They were doing each other!!! 

As I looked around the bar, I saw Jonathan Taylor, only the hottest guy on the football team. He was heading to the bathroom. I had my needs too so I went there too. 

“Wait me here, okay?” I said to Mark. 

“OK.” He replied.

When I entered, there was completely silence. I entered a little booth and shut the door behind me. Suddenly I heard someone moaning. I finished peeing and got out of the booth. I looked below each door and in one of the booth were Jonathan, probably jerking off. Suddenly his head appeared above the door. He was staring at me. 

“Wanna come here and help me?” he asked.

“Do what?” I asked, pretending a little innocent voice. 

“You know goddamn well… come on, you’ll love it.” 

He opened the door. His cock was jumping out of his boxers. His pants were already down. 

“Y’know, I came with someone.”

“I don’t care.”

Violently he pulled me inside the booth and locked the door. He forced his hand on my mouth so I couldn’t scream.

“I always wanted to know what it feels to fuck a little fag.” He whispered in my ear.

Although he was making fun of me, I liked his voice. It was sexy and rude. Everything I want in a man. 

Then, he turned me around, pushing me strongly to the wall. He licked my neck, making me go nuts. His hands were going through my whole body and he was rubbing his cock on my butt. 

“Stay quiet.” He ordered.

I obeyed him. He pushed my pants down as he licked my back, making me chill. Slowly he put his tongue 

inside my ass. I felt his tongue going further and further. I never thought a tongue could go that far.

“God Jonathan, you’re good.” I said among my moans. 

Then he stood up and stick his huge cock inside my ass. 

“You like it, Dave? You like my cock? Say that you like my cock.”

“Yeah, I love your cock.”

His cock was thrusting into my asshole, harder and harder. Suddenly I didn’t feel more pleasure. I only feel pain. 

“Stop, you’re hurting me.” 

“Common, I’ll cum in a second. You’ll love it.”

“Please stop.”

He continuing fucking me, harder and harder. He grabbed my dick and started to jerk off. Even denying it, I was starting to like it. To be raped by the hottest guy on school isn’t something that happens every day.

He fucked me harder and harder as he jerk off me. In seconds, I screamed and cum was all over the place. 

“Get down on your knees, I’m gonna cum.”

“Please don’t”. I actually wanted. I wanted it bad. 

As he cummed in my face, I screamed. In that moment Mark entered the bathroom.

“Hey Dave where are you? Why are you taking so long?” Mark shout.

Without thinking, I screamed: “HELP!”

He realized where the sound was coming from and kicked the door, which fell on the floor. 

He saw me on my knees. I was almost crying. Mark and Jonathan got into a really big fight and Mark got hurt. Jonathan punched him in the eye. After twenty minutes, both were thrown out of the club. I joined Mark. 

“Dave I’m sorry this night had to be this way.” He said, holding his face in pain.

“No problem.” I smiled.

“I wanted this night to be perfect. I mean, I was gonna tell you something.”

“Tell me now.”

He took my hand and leaded me to his car. He drove to his house. 

It was a great house. His bedroom was three times bigger than mine, and he had a huge bed. I noticed the bed was for couples. I started to think. “Was he married?” 

He sat on the bed and pulled me closer to him. 

“Dave, since the first day in school I couldn’t take my eyes of you. And after that day, I realized my feelings for you were only getting stronger. I needed to have you. I want to have you, as a friend, as a lover, as a mate. Would you like it to be?”

Without even thinking I shouted “YES!!!”

I threw myself in his arms and we kissed. For the first time in my life I was happy kissing a man. 

Mark lay on the bed. I was on top of him. He slowly took my shirt off and I took his. I felt his cock pumping through his pants. I lay down next to him and looked deep in his eyes. 

I really don’t know why, but he asked me:

“Do you love me?”

I always thought love was strong thing, but I was sure of my answer.

“Yes. I love you.”

“I love you too.”

We kissed and hugged. We stayed there for some minutes. Then I moved to his cock area and took his pants off. He had a completely erection. I swallowed everything and played with his balls. His fingers were going deeper and deeper. I sucked his dick like I would rip it out of him. His moans only were getting me hornier and I worked really good on his cock. 

“Turn around.” He whispered in my ear.

We started a great 69, his tongue was hot and was getting my ass all wet. His hands were massaging my butt as I used mine to rub his legs. It was a little hairy and thick. Only looking at it I was almost cumming. 

“I wanna fuck your ass” he moaned. 

He took out of his drawer a condom. Safe sex only, of course. 

I slipped the condom on his hard cock and sat on it. I was riding his cock for good, it kept entering my ass further and further. I thought it would go through me. I was rubbing his pecs. What a pecs, thick, hairy and huge. My hands were rubbing it as he moaned, making me cum. 

Then I thought “let’s make this more fun”. I got out of him and looked for…. WOW!!!! I didn’t have any ideas he would have it, but it helped me a lot. Handcuffs. 4 of them. 

Mark looked at me and said:

“Go for it.”

Now it was a wild thing. Mark trapped on the bed, I’m on control of the situation. I never rode his cock so hard. Then I turn around so he would see my back and kept riding his cock, more and more. The bed was about to brake. When I felt we would cum, I got out of him, took out the condom and sucked his huge cock hard. I sucked more and more, frenetically. He couldn’t do anything. He was so hot, he was trying to brake the handcuffs. I kept sucking, harder and harder. I passed my hand through his whole body, making him go wild. He went. Cum was all over my face. He was cumming like he never cum before. It didn’t stop and I was doing what I could do to swallow everything. He kept cumming for like almost a minute and a half. Believe me, he was satisfied. I saw the smile on his face. I jumped on him and as I passed my hand on his legs and they were coming up to his chest, I kissed him with my mouth still full of cum. Our tongues with his cum made an excellent taste. After the kiss, we just kept looking at each other for some time. Then I let him go and I went wash my mouth. 

Later we were on the bed, on each other arms. During that almost two hours I didn’t think of anything else. 

But then something hit me.

“What about Mr. Thompson?”

He kissed my forehead and said:

“Let’s just think about us now.”

And we did. And we were happy for that. I called my mother and I said I would stay at a friend’s house.

Me and Mark slept together, for the first time, just the two of us, connected by our love for each other. 

In the next morning, me in my house already, the phone called. It was Mr. Thompson.

“Can I have a word with you Dave?”

To Be Continued...