 Please comment and let me know what you think of this new series.

Thank you,

kitten2010

**********

Maddox had never wanted to take over for his father as the Warlord of the Weylin province, but the gods didn't seem to care what he wanted. There were parts that he enjoyed, such as training and proving himself as a warrior. And of course being the only vampire in the world with the ability to change into a wolf wasn't bad either.

However, Maddox did not enjoy events such as the one he would soon be attending. Fergus, the Warlord from the neighboring, Barra province, had invited everyone who was important to view his latest purchase. But, he had to go for diplomacy's sake.

As Maddox strode through the stone hallway, maids and slaves couldn't keep their eyes off of him. Maddox was around six feet and seven inches tall, with broad intimidating shoulders, shoulder-length auburn hair, and a clean-shaven face that seemed to be carved out of stone, except for soft expressive brown eyes. He felt naked without his weapons, but it would have been construed as a threat if he were to go into Fergus's chambers with a sword.

When he entered, servants were laying out a lavish lunch of bread, cheese, sweet and savory meats, and several exotic fruits, along with wine. Fergus sat in an ornate chair. The man was tall, but serpentine in appearance with a pointed nose, thin eyes with a yellowish tinge to the iris, a thin mouth, and twitchy mannerisms.

"Maddox! Wonderful to see you!" he bellowed. He turned to a servant that was arranging grapes in a bowl and snapped, "Fetch my new slave."

Maddox took his seat at the table and quietly thanked the female servant that poured his wine.

A servant returned and handed a black leather leash to Fergus. Attached to the leash was possibly the most beautiful slave Maddox had ever seen.

He was barely more than a boy, with the blackest hair Maddox had ever seen that hung low over his eyes, but spiked in the back. Snakebite piercings sparkled on his pretty mouth. A black leather collar studded with silver was around a thin, delicious neck. His chest was smooth and hairless. Each nipple was decorated by a silver hoop. His stomach looked soft and his navel was pierced as well. He was clothed in tight black leather pants that showed a bulge in his crotch and a nice ass.

The boy shyly scurried to kneel at Fergus's side.

"Lovely, isn't he? Just turned eighteen yesterday," Fergus commented as he piled savory meat and cheese on a bread roll and stuffed it into his mouth.

Maddox nodded. Normally, he preferred females, but occasionally he indulged in a male, and this slave was just his type.

"He cost me quite a lot. Five thousand gold bars. But when I saw him, and learned that he is completely virginal..." Fergus laughed nastily, food spraying from his mouth. "Now, how could I resist that!"

Maddox felt his cock stir in his trousers. The boy had been completely untouched. Not only was he a virgin sexually, but also no vampire had ever tasted him. "What is he called?"

Fergus gestured to the boy because his mouth was full of bread. The boy did not reply, though, and instead nervously sucked one of his lip piercings into his mouth. Fergus swallowed hard and backhanded the boy. The boy whimpered.

"Answer him, bitch," Fergus hissed.

"Aidan," the boy whispered. "I am called Aidan."

When he spoke, Maddox caught a glimpse of a silver and felt his cock swell and harden even more. He wondered if there was any way that he could have the slave for himself, but he knew it was pointless. Fergus was looking forward to deflowering the boy and there would be no way to persuade him not to do it.

Fergus nodded. "I will savor you," he said huskily.

Maddox glowered.

Fergus turned to address him. "Normally I would fuck him in front of everyone, but this one I think will be a private affair."

Maddox was glad that he would not have to watch the event.

***

Aidan trembled as he was bathed and shaved for the night. The two female slaves arranged his hair in the way that pleased Master the most.

He didn't want that man inside him. He knew it would hurt and he was scared.

Aidan was born and raised for this, but he had always fantasized that it would be a strong, beautiful man that would be his master...like that man, Maddox.

Aidan felt guilty for wanting him, but it wasn't something he could control. He had a desire to taste that man, to touch him in ways he'd only imagined.

He was completely nude, and shone with lavender scented oil, as the women led him to his fate.

"It won't hurt so bad," one reassured him.

"It will be over before you know it," the other added.

"Just picture something nice."

"Like the most beautiful place you've ever seen."

"Or the most delicious meal you've ever eaten."

Or Maddox, Aidan thought.

The room was full of several people, there to witness the corruption of his innocence.

Master rose and spoke in a booming voice and the crowd was silent.

"Thank you, for coming to witness my first enjoyment of my new slave. Be assured that after the activities, my other lovely slaves will be available."

The crowd cheered and the noise doubled when two identical, seductive slave girls clothed in nothing but shimmering golden coins led the nude Aidan to Fergus's side.

Aidan felt his palms sweat and he looked around for Maddox. Somehow he would just feel better if he could see the beautiful warrior.

Master grinned and reached down to grab Aidan's penis. Aidan squeaked in surprise, but had the good sense not to bolt.

"Look, he's shy," Master joked and the crowd laughed.

Master started to massage him, attempting to make him hard.

Aidan tried to think of something pleasant, when finally he saw Maddox's hard face. He looked at the man's strong arms and felt himself start to react.

His penis grew to its full five inches and the crowd began to cheer.

"Masturbate for us," Master instructed.

Aidan felt himself go pale. How could he? In front of so many people?

He didn't move, just looked around desperately.

Master chuckled. "Well," he said. "Looks like my friends will get more entertainment than they bargained for. Fetch my whips!"

Aidan trembled. He was stupid to have hesitated.

***

Maddox struggled to watch and not rush to the boy's defense, but somehow he managed to restrain.

Fergus had the boy kneel on hands and knees and instructed him not to move. He began delivering the lashes and with each stroke Maddox's frustration grew.

The boy's perfect ass was now red and tears streamed from eyes that were hidden by his dark hair.

The flogging continued, to the point where even the horniest members of the audience started to fear for the little slave boy. At that point, Fergus dropped his whip and walked to the front of the slave, grabbing him by his hair and jerking his head up.

Fergus freed his cock from his trousers and forced it down the boy's throat. As he fucked the boy's mouth, Aidan gagged and choked, tears streaming down his face. Finally, Fergus pulled out of the boys mouth and squirted white semen all over his face.

Aidan looked to Maddox pathetically before he was led away.

***

Luckily, Master was still angry about Aidan's hesitation and did not wish to break him in just yet.

Aiden waited until he heard no sounds and then cautiously gripped his throbbing penis. He pictured Maddox's strong arms around him, his rough hand in place of Aiden's own soft hand. He started to masturbate, biting at his lip to keep from moaning.

He heard a sound and quickly covered himself. When he saw his visitor he was almost sure it was a dream. Maddox stood by the door, shirtless and glorious. Aidan couldn't speak.

"Hello, little one," he whispered. His voice was deep and rumbling and it made Aidan's heart beat faster. He was struck stupid and could not even ask why Maddox had come to find him. "Listen closely, little one. I do not wish this life for you. I am going to buy you for myself. I have arranged for a meeting with Fergus."

Aidan finally found his voice. "Why?" he croaked.

Maddox stroked the side of Aidan's face. "I desire you."

Aidan was filled with happiness.

Maddox swept aside Aidan's messy black hair and looked into his eyes. "Indigo. I knew they would be beautiful." He brought his strong lips to Aidan's face. Their breath mixed and Aidan felt like he'd drunk too much wine. Maddox's lips brushed against Aidan's and it felt like electricity ran through his veins. Softly, Maddox probed with his tongue and Aidan opened his lips. Maddox started to explore his mouth and lightly sucked at the rod in Aidan's tongue.

The separated and Aidan could barely breathe. Maddox smiled as Aidan explained shyly. "Uhm...first kiss."

Maddox laughed and nuzzled Aidan's neck, taking in his smell. "I promise I will cherish you," Maddox whispered. "You will be mine."

Maddox kissed his way down to Aidan's nipples. He took one ring into his mouth and flickered his tongue over it, and repeated the same with the other. Aidan felt like he could orgasm from just that. His stomach quivered.

"I love how soft you are," Maddox whispered, trailing hot kisses down Aidan's delicate skin. He moved the blanket and found Aidan's fully erect penis. He enclosed it in his mouth and Aidan cried out softly. Maddox handed the blanket up to Aidan to stifle his cries with.

The hot suction on his sensitive area was almost more than Aidan could handle. Finally, with a loud moan, he released. Maddox continued to suck him, removing the evidence of their time together.

Maddox rose and Aidan desperately reached for the bulge at his pants. Maddox smiled but said in a apologetic tone, "I'm afraid I've taken too much of a risk already."

"Please stay," Aidan begged. "I want to give you all the pleasure that one boy can possibly give."

Maddox ran his hand through his hair. "Soon, you will be mine."

***

"Fergus, I would like to make you an offer," Maddox said, when the meal was halfway gone.

"What is this about?" Fergus asked, his eyebrows rising.

"One of your slaves."

"Ah." Fergus nodded. "So you liked the lovely brunette I sent to you?"

"Actually, this is about a male."

Fergus nodded. "Make your offer, friend."

"Ten thousand for Aidan."

Fergus's face fell into anger. "Are you joking?"

"No. I believe the price is more than reasonable."

"I will not sell him."

"Fifteen hundred," Maddox offered.

"No. That little bitch will be my whore. No one else's."