 Chapter 4

Michael woke the next morning to a warm mouth moving up and down over his cock. He opened his eyes and smiled down at Nick as he bucked up with his hips. Nick looked up at him and smiled as he lifted his head off Michael's cock. "I thought that might wake you up." He said with a smile as he moved forward and kissed Michael softly on the lips.

Michael kissed him back and smiled. "Oh yeah, I can handle getting woke up like that every morning."

Nick smiled and stroked his cock. "You wanna fuck me now?"

Michael looked at him in surprise. The way Nick had acted the night before, he didn't strike Michael as the kind of guy who liked a cock up his ass. "Really?" 

Nick grinned and kissed him again. "Oh hell yeah, I love having a cock up my ass as much as I like fucking a guy." He rolled over onto his back and pulled his legs up against his chest. "Give it to me baby, I need to be fucked so badly."

Michael moved to his knees between Nick's legs and reached for the bottle of lube sitting on the nightstand. Nick grabbed his hand and shook his head. "No, just spit on your cock; believe me I can take it."

Michael looked at him. "I don't have a condom."

Nick smiled and ran his hand over Michael's chest. "Do you have any diseases I should worry about?"

Michael chuckled. "Not that I know of, up until a couple weeks ago I was a virgin."

Nick wiggled around. "Then don't worry about it, I actually prefer it bareback. Give it to me baby."

Michael smiled as he spit on his cock then pressed it against Nick's ass. He lay down over him capturing Nick's lips with his as he slowly pressed forward with his hips. Nick moaned as Michael pushed into him and he wrapped his arms around Michael's neck as he lifted against him. The two men kissed hungrily as Michael pressed into him. When he had all of him, Michael started pulling back and Nick tightened his muscles trapping Michael inside him. Michael moaned against his lips and pressed into him once more.

Michael sliced in and out of him, slow at first then faster as Nick whimpered and lifted against him. Michael pulled his head back and stared into Nick's eyes as he pierced him over and over. "Oh god, your ass feels so good wrapped around me." He purred fucking into Nick a bit faster.

Nick reached down and started stroking his cock as he rocked his hips back and forth pulling Michael into him. "Oh baby, fuck me, fuck me hard. Make me cum on that sweet cock." He purred moving harder under Michael.

Michael smiled and started slicing into him harder and faster. Nick squealed and rocked against him as he pulled on his cock. "Oh fuck man, so good, ride that sweet ass." Michael pierced him forcefully and Nick started panting as he pulled hard on his cock. "Fuck, I'm going to cum." He cried stroking his cock even faster.

Michael growled and fucked into him faster and harder. "Do it baby, I'm so close, cum for me." He panted feeling his balls start to burn.

Nick tipped his head back and cried out as he started shooting against his chest and stomach. "Oh fuck yeeeeeesssssssssssssssssssssssss...."

"Oh god, I can't hold it." Michael cried slamming hard into him and letting go.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm, yeah cum in me baby." Nick purred pulling Michael's lips to his and kissing him softly.

Michael pulled out of him and moved up beside him and rested against Nick's chest. He kissed Nick's chest then lifted his head and looked into his eyes. "Please tell me you're single." Michael said softly.

Nick smiled and ran his hand over Michael's face. "Well that depends."

Michael's heart sank, he finally found the perfect guy and he was probably married or at least with someone. "What's that?" He asked with a sigh.

Nick leaned up and kissed him softly. "On if I can see you again."

Michael looked at him in surprise. "I don't understand."

Nick wrapped his arms around him and kissed his neck. "I'm not seeing anyone right now, but I want to." He looked up into Michael's eyes. "I had a lot of fun last night and this morning and I like you. I want to see you again."

Michael felt his heart start to thump hard in his chest. He kissed Nick's chest and smiled. "I had a lot of fun too. I'd really like that."

Nick grinned and kissed him. "Great, I'll give you my number when I take you back to pick up your car." Nick pushed himself to a sitting position and crawled off the bed. He stood up and picked up his jeans and started pulling them on. Michael watched him for a minute then climbed out of the bed and started getting dressed. "You hungry?" he asked Nick as he pulled his shoes on.

Nick smiled as he pulled his boots on. "Starving, why don't we go out to breakfast? My treat."

Michael shrugged and smiled. "Sounds good to me."

Nick pulled Michael into his arms and kissed him softly. "I'm really glad you were there last night." He said looking into Michael's eyes. "It's been a while since I felt a real attraction to someone."

Michael smiled and kissed Nick. "I'm glad I went too."

Nick pulled out of his arms and they made their way outside to his motorcycle. Michael locked up the house then climbed behind Nick on the bike and wrapped his arms around him and inhaled his scent. As Nick kicked the bike to life, Michael smiled, he felt he had found something good and he was going to do whatever he could not to screw it up.

They went to breakfast at a small diner then Nick took him back to pick up his car. Nick reached in his glove compartment and pulled out a piece of paper and a pen. He wrote his number down on it then kissed Michael as he handed it to him. "Call me." He said climbing back on the bike.

Michael grinned as he put the paper in his pocket. "Oh you can count on that."

Over the next month Nick and Michael were inseparable. Nick would come over after work and hang out for a while then go home because he had to work the next day. On the weekends Nick stayed over with Michael. Michael was the happiest when Nick stayed. They always played whether he stayed or not, sometimes Nick fucking Michael, sometimes Michael fucking Nick. The weekends they pretty much spent in bed caressing and learning each other's bodies. It didn't matter who fucked who, they both got pleasure from each other and that was what mattered.

As time went on Michael realized he was falling for Nick and he was falling hard. The more time they spent together the more he fell in love with him. He didn't know how Nick felt and was unsure about spilling his guts out for fear of rejection so he kept his mouth shut. He tried to show Nick with his body what he couldn't put into words. Jake and Alisha called at least once a day but Michael never answered the phone when Nick was there. He knew Jake and Alisha wanted him to play with them again but he didn't want to take a chance on screwing up what he had with Nick.

On the one month anniversary of when he met Nick, Michael was cooking a roast and waiting for Nick to get home from work. It was Friday night and Michael shivered as he thought of spending the entire weekend with Nick. The phone rang and he ran to answer it thinking maybe Nick had to work late or something. "Hello?" he asked breathlessly.

"Hey sexy," Alisha purred. "We never see you anymore, why don't you come over and we can have some fun?"

Michael sighed then perked up as he heard a motorcycle. He looked out the window and grinned as Nick pulled into the driveway. He walked over and opened the door and Nick walked in and kissed him softly. Nick pointed to the phone and Michael shook his head. "I can't see you guys anymore," he said finally talking to Alisha. "I'm seeing someone."

Alisha put sugar in her voice and Michael was sure she was pouting. "Oh come on honey, we had some good times. I know we did. Bring her along with you, I'm sure Jake would love a fresh pussy to play with.

Nick walked into the kitchen and grabbed a beer out of the fridge and came back into the living room and looked at Michael. Michael sighed and rolled his eyes. "It's not a girl I'm seeing, it's a guy."

Alisha's voice became shocked. "Say what?" Then she put the sugar back in her voice. "Oh come on honey, don't tell me you've given up pussy for a little dick. Come on over and I'll show you how good pussy can be."

Michael groaned. "It's not a little dick, and I'm happy with what I have. I have to go." He hung up the phone before she could respond and threw it on the couch.

Nick put his beer on the coffee table then wrapped his arms around Michael and pulled him against him. "What's wrong baby?" He asked nuzzling his neck.

Michael wrapped his arms around him and leaned into him. "Nothing now that you're here." He sighed.

Nick chuckled and kissed him softly. "Who was on the phone?"

Michael blushed, he hadn't told Nick about his involvement with Alisha and Jake yet. "I...It was my next door neighbor. I used to play with her and her husband before you and I got together. She wanted me to come over and play."

Nick stiffened in his arms and pulled back looking into his eyes. "What did you tell them?" He asked stiffly.

Michael pulled him against him and kissed his cheek. "I told them I couldn't see them anymore, that I was seeing someone."

Nick relaxed against him and lowered his head. "Oh..."

Michael put his finger under his chin and lifted Nick's head so he could look into his eyes. "I'm happy with what I have with you; I'm not going to take a chance on screwing it up."

Nick tangled his fingers in Michael's hair and pulled his mouth to his, kissing him hard. He drilled his tongue into Michael's mouth and licked the inside of his mouth. Michael moaned and kissed him back as he tightened his arms around him.

When Nick pulled back he was breathing hard and his eyes were glazed. "I love you Michael, I've never said that to anyone before but I do." He lowered his eyes and then lifted them and there was a hunger there. "I don't share what's mine and I consider you mine."

Michael felt his heart overflow with emotion and tears stung his eyes. He pulled Nick tighter against him and buried his face in Nick's neck as the tears slipped down his cheeks. Nick pulled back a little and wiped the tears away. "I didn't mean to make you cry baby." He said stroking Michael's cheek.

Michael sniffled and smiled. "Just feeling a little overwhelmed at the moment." He said wiping his eyes on his shirt then looking at Nick. "I have been in love with you for a while; I just didn't know how to tell you."

Nick's eyes lit up. "Really?"

Michael nodded. Nick pulled his lips to his once more and this time the kiss was intense. It was as if they were trying to show in that kiss what each felt in their hearts. When they finally broke apart, both men were breathing hard. "How long till dinners ready?" Nick asked huskily.

Michael looked at the clock on the wall, he was breathing as hard as Nick and his cock was rock hard and throbbing in his jeans. "At least an hour and a half. I just put it in when Alisha called."

Nick grinned and took Michael's hand in his. "Good, come on." He pulled him towards the bedroom. Michael followed with a huge smile on his face. Once they were in the bedroom, Nick tore at Michael's clothes. Once Michael was naked, Nick dropped to his knees and swallowed Michael's cock taking half of it into his mouth on the first movement. He started bobbing his head back and forth as he sucked hard at Michael's cock and whipped him with his tongue.

Michael tipped his head back and closed his eyes as he tangled his fingers in Nick's hair and pulled him hard over him. "Oh baby, oh yes, suck me that feels so good." He started rocking his hips back and forth as Nick sucked hard at him.

Nick sucked harder at his cock, working his head back and forth over him as he slipped his hand between Michael's legs and between his ass cheeks. He pushed a finger inside Michael's ass and worked it in and out as he went to town on his lovers cock.

Michael whimpered and pushed against him. "Oh fuck baby, what are you doing to me?" He cried feeling his balls start to burn. "You're going to make me cum." He rocked his hips back and forth as he pushed his cock in Nick's mouth and pushed back against his finger up his ass.

Nick sucked harder at his cock, his tongue flying over him as he worked his finger harder up Michael's ass. Michael started panting and rocking his hips faster. "Ugh...Oh fuck baby, here it comes." He cried as he pushed forward with his hips and let go.

Nick drank up his cum then pulled off and looked up at Michael with heat filled eyes. "I want you baby," he growled pulling himself to his feet and tearing out of his clothes. "I wanna be inside you so bad I feel like I'm gonna burst."

Michael cupped his face and kissed him softly. "Relax baby, I'm right here, I'm not going anywhere."

Nick pushed his lips against Michael's and kissed him hungrily as he pushed Michael towards the bed. Michael felt the heat in Nick's kiss and it turned him on something fierce. He felt the bed behind his legs and fell back onto it with Nick following him down still kissing him hard. Michael scooted back on the bed until he was lying in the middle of it then grabbed his legs and pulled them up against his chest as Nick pulled away and grabbed the bottle of lube off the nightstand. He greased up his cock then pressed it against Michael's asshole. He pushed forward with his hips and let out a loud growl as he pushed into the man he loved.

Michael arched against him and lifted his ass as Nick pushed into him. He didn't really need the lube anymore but it did make Nick's cock slide easier inside him. He felt Nick bottom out inside him and he tightened his ass muscles around him. "Oh baby, oh yes." Nick whimpered feeling Michael tighten around him.

Once he was buried inside Michael, Nick's overheated body seemed to relax. He kissed Michael softly as he slowly withdrew. Michael whimpered and lifted against him as he slowly pressed into him again. "Oh baby, you feel so good." Nick purred nibbling on Michael's neck as he slowly moved in and out of him.

Michael wrapped his arms around Nick's neck and arched against him as he felt Nick pierce him with his slow strokes. "Oh yes baby, fuck my ass, I love feeling you inside me."

Nick looked down at him and smiled. "How do you want it baby? Do you want it nice and slow?" He kept his strokes long, but slow. "Or do you want it hard and fast?" He demonstrated by drilling hard and deep into Michael making Michael cry out in pleasure.

Michael lifted against him and moaned. He opened his eyes and looked up at Nick. "I want it however you want to give it to me baby." He purred pressing up against Nick.

Nick locked his arms around Michael's legs as he decided on a stroke right in the middle. Not super slow but not super-fast either, just an easy motion that had both men moaning and leaning into each other. Michael pulled Nick's lips to his and kissed him hungrily as he lifted his ass against Nick's strokes. Nick wrapped his arms around Michael and started pushing harder and faster into him as he kissed him back.

It wasn't long before both men were panting and slamming hard against each other. Michael's cock was lodged between his stomach and Nick's and Nick kept rubbing against it as he plowed hard and fast into Michael's ass. Michael cried out as he realized he was going to cum without ever touching his cock. "Oh baby, oh fuck me, I'm cummmmiiiiiiinnnnnngggggg..." He cried as he started shooting over his stomach and chest.

Nick felt Michael tighten around him and growled as he slammed hard into him. "Oh fuck baby yesssssssssssssssssssssss..." He cried as he filled Michael's ass with his cum.

Michael pulled Nick's lips to his and kissed him softly. "I love you baby." He purred.

Nick pushed himself up on his arms and stared down into Michael's eyes. "I love you too baby, so much." He kissed Michael again, then pulled out of him. As Nick moved, Michael let his legs fall to the bed and smiled. Nick was standing next to the bed holding his hand out to his lover. "Come on, I'm starved."

Michael laughed as he let Nick pull him to his feet. He knew he had made the right decision going to the bar that night, he had found the person he wanted to spend the rest of his life with and he was content.

 

Epilogue: 5 years later

A month after they confessed their feelings for each other, Nick moved in with Michael. They spent the next five years making love and basking in the love they felt for each other. Michael never did go back to Jake and Alisha's. He admitted to himself at times when Nick was asleep that he sometimes missed fucking Alisha, but he knew that he had chosen his path when he picked Nick and he didn't want anyone else.

Three years after they got together, gay marriage was approved and Nick made Michael an honest man. Now as he sits at his computer writing this story he smiles. He had gone from a lost 19 year old that lost everything, to finding what he was looking for in life and he couldn't be happier with the result.

THE END