 The trumpets sounded, announcing a visitor. Maddox wondered for a moment if Fergus had sent his emissaries to declare war. He moved away from Aidan carefully, but still the boy woke. "Where are you going?" he asked groggily.

"I have to take care of something," Maddox explained, leaning down to kiss the boy's soft lips as he pulled on a pair of pants.

"Can I go with you?"

Maddox sighed. "It's probably best if you stay here in my quarters for the next few days."

Aidan nodded and stretched in the bed, then curled back under the covers like a cat. "Like it here..." he mumbled.

Maddox felt himself swell with pride slightly at the fact that Aidan was enjoying the bed.

Finally dressed and presentable, Maddox went to the reception area. Before he could sit in his chair, he saw a blur from the corner of his eye and then felt the wind get knocked out of him. As he regained his composure he heard musical laughter behind him.

"Kat!" he exclaimed as he turned. The redheaded woman laughing at him had been like a sister to him since childhood. Her slightly pointed ears and slanted green eyes made her look like an elf, but that wasn't entirely true. Some from the Edana province claimed to be descendants of the ancient race that had suddenly disappeared. Kat wasn't one of them. She had left her home at a young age to study under Master Garvey and was now one of the most effective agents in the world.

She shrugged out of her cloak and handed it to the servant next to her. He was a middle aged man who nearly fainted at the sight of her perfect figure in a close fitting, golden gown. Only Maddox knew that Kat was just as dangerous as she was pretty. There had to be at least ten weapons hidden on her petite form.

"So, I hear you've gotten yourself into some trouble," she said.

"I wasn't aware I was in any trouble yet," Maddox said.

She shrugged. "Oh. Well, you are. Over a little pierced up slave boy I heard? I didn't know you were in to that."

"Well, there hasn't been a formal declaration made, so for the time I'm safe."

She shook her head and clicked her tongue. "From what I hear, Fergus isn't fucking around with formalities. He's mustering all his forces and hitting you probably in the next few days."

"How in the world do you even know all this? The boy was stolen not even two days ago."

"Word spreads like fire," she said.

"Especially when you make a living being nosy," Maddox grumbled.

"Well if you're going to be a jackass I can just leave," she threatened, though he knew she didn't mean it.

"Kat..."

"Oh, you know I'm playing. I wouldn't have come to warn you if you weren't a half decent jackass. So is this little fucktoy even worth it?"

Maddox felt a low grumble in his throat and it escaped as a growl before he knew what was happening.

"Oh, wow. You really like this one," Kat commented.

Maddox nodded. "He's worth fighting for."

"Well, you definitely have a fight coming for you."

"I tried to do this the right way, but when that didn't work..."

"You stole him," she said with a smile. "I'm so proud of you."

Maddox smiled half-heartedly. 

"Well, can I meet this little slave boy?" she asked.

"Aidan," Maddox quickly corrected her. "He's not a slave anymore. He's mine."

She smiled knowingly and rephrased her question, "Can I meet Aidan, then?"

"Sure. I left him sleeping in my bed."

"Oh, hold up. You let him stay in your bed after messing with him? Wow, you got it bad."

"You could at least try to have a little respect," Maddox grumbled.

"I could," she said, then shrugged.

She followed him to his room. "Wait here," he instructed, but of course she didn't.

Aidan's hair was messy and he was sleeping peacefully, hugging Maddox's pillow to his bare body.

"Aww, he's so cute," Kat commented.

"I told you to wait," Maddox said.

Aidan stirred and mumbled, "Is dinner?" He buried his face into Maddox's pillow and sighed.

"Too cute," Kat sighed.

Maddox went to his wardrobe and pulled out a silk shirt that would cover Aidan well enough until he could have some clothes made. He knelt beside the bed and whispered into Aidan's ear, "Wake up, little one."

Aidan opened his eyes and smiled at Maddox. "G'morning," he muttered. Maddox kissed his forehead and gently lifted him out of the bed. He helped Aidan into the shirt and the boy looked so sexy that Maddox wanted to take him then.

Aidan's stomach rumbled and his face turned pink as he covered the source of the noise. "I'm sorry," he said.

Kat joined the lovers for a light meal in the library and then left them, setting the time for a meeting early in the morning with Maddox and his officers the next day.

Maddox sipped his wine and watched Aidan pinch little pieces off of the rosemary bread in front of him.

"You and I need to have a discussion," Maddox said.

Aidan dropped his bread and looked intently at Maddox.

"I feel that I should let you know that I am a Warlord and I tend to get a bit possessive."

"What does that mean?" Aidan asked.

"You are no longer a slave, but you belong to me, Aidan. I love you so deeply."

Aidan's eyes brightened at the words. "I love you too, Maddox!" He settled into Maddox's lap and hugged him tightly. "I love you so much. I want to be with you forever."

Maddox smiled at the words and ran his finger through Aidan's hair. Still, he wasn't sure that Aidan fully understood. "Aidan, do you know why vampires like to keep human slaves?"

"Food and labor," Aidan guessed.

"Not quite. You see, we have a natural need to dominate. It is what drives us. There will be times that I will feel a need. I may wish to tie you to the bed and blindfold you. At times, I may even spank you."

"Like punishments?" Aidan asked.

"In a way, yes. But this will be different than slavery. This will be something deeper. I love you, Aidan, so much that you are the only one I wish to be with. Do you realize how rare it is for a vampire to desire only one person?"

"I don't understand," Aidan whimpered.

"What I want is for you to willingly give yourself to me, body, mind, heart, and soul. If you do that, then you may find that you enjoy your punishments."

"I hate being punished. I never want to be punished." Aidan's body was shaking badly and he was pushed away from Maddox, falling to the floor and sobbing. "I promise I'll be good, just please I don't want punishments."

Maddox went against his nature and knelt down on the floor next to Aidan. "Tell me what you're thinking," Maddox said.

Aidan slowly calmed down and finally spoke. "When I was being trained, they would...they beat me. It hurt. I had bruises all over me and I was so scared. I thought it would be different with you, Maddox. I thought you would not beat me."

Maddox cringed. "I would never beat you. At times you might be uncomfortable sitting down after a spanking, but I promise you I will only use my hands, and I will not leave deep bruises. And I would never..." Maddox took Aidan's face into his hand and looked into the boy's eyes. "I will never beat you. I don't want you to fear me. I want you to desire me, even when I am punishing you. It will be a pleasurable experience."

Aidan seemed uncertain.

"I will write a list of rules and consequences. It will be fair. We will both agree to it and sign. This is called a contract."

Aidan nodded. "I just want to be with you."

"That's what I want too. But you see, you and I are different. I like to think it's as if I have an animal inside me. That animal wants to control you and lock you away so that only it can have you. It's the same animal that craves blood to keep it alive."

"Do you even like the animal?" Aidan asked shyly. "I'm sorry, I've just always been so curious about vampires. I don't know how it is they do the things I've seen them do."

"I've had this beast in my mind since birth. Some people can be transformed, but we'll discuss that later. The animal and I have a sort of agreement, it gives me its power and I feed it blood. If I don't feed it, it will take its powers away and I will wither and die."

"I heard that all the vampires have different powers," Aidan said.

"This is true. All have certain traits such as strength, speed, fangs, and claws. Others are different. Some can read thoughts as if they were words on a page, the most powerful of them can even rewrite the thoughts. Others can move objects with their thoughts."

"What is your special power?" Aidan asked.

"I can take the shape of a wolf."

Aidan's eyes widened to the size of coins. "Can I see that?"

Maddox took the boy into his arms. "Not yet. I'm still quite young and I'm not sure I could control the wolf near something it wants so badly."

"How old are you, Maddox?"

"One hundred and thirty."

"That's really old...I mean, not to say...just compared to me that's old."

"You're so young and...sweet." Maddox punctuated his last word with a light lick on Aidan's neck. He kissed the tender skin. Aidan trembled and clung to Maddox.

Maddox stood with the boy in his arms, running his finger over the tight opening between his pale, plump cheeks. The two kissed as Maddox carried Aidan to the bedroom.

"Wait here," he instructed, setting Aidan on the bed.

Maddox returned with a silk strip of dark fabric. He gestured for Aidan to come and Aidan hastily obeyed. "Get on your knees," Maddox rumbled.

Aidan obeyed. Maddox's cock was so close to his face that Aidan could smell his arousal. Maddox covered Aidan's eyes with the cloth. Aidan gasped at the lack of sight and was uncomfortable for a moment until he felt the head of Maddox's cock pressing on his lips.

Aidan ran his tongue over the head, licking away the dripping pre-cum. Maddox groaned and pressed further into Aidan's mouth. Aidan brought his hands up, raking it over Maddox's low-hanging testicles. Maddox made a low, rumbling, humming sound and held his cock up so that Aidan could lick at his balls. Aidan took one of the ovals into his mouth and let it slip out. "Do that again," Maddox demanded. Aidan obeyed.

Maddox groaned with pleasure and pulled at Aidan's hair. Aidan started to suck him, taking his cock as far into his mouth as he could. What he couldn't take in his mouth, he stroked with one hand. The other hand was busy caressing Maddox's sack.

Maddox lifted Aidan on to the bed and placed him in the perfect position for 69. Aidan moaned the moment Maddox's lips touched his leaking head. The two lovers pleasured each other, reaching new heights of ecstasy.

Maddox came more than he could ever remember. He thought the waves of bliss would never stop. Aidan eagerly lapped up at the semen eagerly. The beast in Maddox's mind was screaming to claim Aidan and Maddox had no desire to fight him. He wrapped Aidan tightly in his arms, stroking the boy's sex with one hand and removing the blindfold with the other. Aidan gasped as Maddox began to kiss and suck on his neck. Maddox turned one of the hoops in Aidan's nipple and the boy writhed in his arms.

"Please...please..." the boy repeated over and over. Though Maddox hadn't said it, Aidan knew what the beast and man wanted.

Maddox's canine teeth sharpened and lengthened to long fangs like a feral cat. Aidan whimpered at the feel of the sharp points on his delicate skin. Maddox stroked faster and as soon as the boy climaxed, sunk his teeth into Aidan's neck.

Aidan screamed with pain and pleasure. The animal inside Maddox purred with contentment. Mine, he thought.

***

"So...either there's some sort of wild monster in your castle, or you and little Aidan were going at it after I left," was Kat's opening line at the meeting.

The three trusted officers did their best to hide their laughter.

Maddox glowered at the woman. She was very difficult to deal with early in the morning.

"What am I dealing with, Kat?" Maddox asked.

"Well, my sources tell me you can expect around five hundred vampires and at least three thousand humans from Fergus's own forces. His allies are expected to contribute seven thousand of their human troops and possibly a thousand more vampire soldiers. So far your allies that are aware of the situation are wary to send troops to your aide."

"Shit..." Captain Raven said. She was a sturdily built woman, with heavy lidded eyes and a slow voice. Her appearance was deceiving, however, as she was the fasted vampire Maddox had ever seen.

Kat nodded. Her choice of clothing for the day was another form-fitting gown, this one with a long slit up to her thigh and deep emerald in color. The young Lieutenant Inti was having trouble keeping his eyes on the maps covering the table. "Well," Kat said as she pulled a dagger from her coifed hair to use as a pointing stick. "Your best chances will come from here...and here"—she gestured to the Geir and Delyth provinces—"but I doubt they would be able to make it in time to be of any help with the initial attack."

Maddox scratched his head. It all seemed so overwhelming, but the image of Aidan with Maddox's dark purple mark on his neck inspired Maddox to press onward.

"What about a Patamon?" Maddox suggested suddenly.

"Do you really think that Fergus would willingly fight you one-on-one?" Kat scoffed. "He's a coward."

"The only thing worse than his cowardice is his pride. If I challenge him publicly he will have to accept or be ridiculed by all."

Kat turned her head from side to side, as if examining the idea. "I suppose, but at the most you have a few days."

"You could...never mind," Inti said quickly.

"What was your idea?" Kat said, her voice taking on a seductive tone.

The young man stammered a few times before finally saying. "Y-you hurt his pride even m-more. If you call for a formal m-m-meeting to officially declare war and then announce to all who at-attend about Fergus's underhanded p-p-plan and how shocked you are...then challenge him..."

Maddox smiled wickedly. "Kat, I will need your help to make this happen. I trust that you can spread word of my outrage before I demand a meeting tomorrow."

Kat nodded. "Of course I can. Too easy. I might even have time for a nice roll in the sack before your little war council." Kat wiggled her eyebrows at Inti and the young officer barely hid his reaction.

"Kat, stop flirting and just give the man what he wants."

Kat stuck out her tongue. "Give little Aidan a nice kiss for me."

"Fuck you."

"Aww, fuck you too, Maddy."

***

Maddox returned to his room to find Aidan trying on a new pair of plain brown pants and a crème-colored linen shirt. The vampire stood behind his boy and gently kissed the mark on his neck. "Do you like your new clothing, little one."

Aidan nodded and kissed Maddox's lips. "I love you."

"I love you too," Maddox said. "It will be alright. Soon you and I will be together peacefully."