 The first time one of my friends slept over was a strange time indeed, strange, but absolutely unforgettable, i was lying in bed while down on an inflatable bed on the floor was my best friend Elliot, we weren't necessarily young, over the age of 18 i assure you, but, we were a little naïve and a whole lotta horny, this kind of combination resulted in a lot of willingness for... exploration.

"Dammit when does your mom go to bed?" Elliot asked me in a hushed voice.

"Dunno, sounds like she's on the phone though."

I heard someone, presumably my mother, coming up the stairs, as if on cue, the door handle rattled and into the room came my mother.

"Guys, i hate to be the bearer of bad news but we're not gonna get out today."

"Aww, how come?" I asked.

"I've gotta go to the hospital to check on your grandma, she'll be fine but I won't be back until tomorrow."

"Damn, be seeing you then."

"Goodnight you two" She said with a grin, if only she knew exactly what we'd get up to.

Mom headed downstairs and soon enough we heard her pull out and drive away, this was what we had been waiting for, an empty house and free access to TV pornography, well, it wasn't exactly porn, but it showed enough nudity and sex to do the job.

"Quick, put the show on, i've been looking forward to this" I told Elliot, desperately trying to liberate myself from my trousers.

As the tv show 'sexcetera' came on, we both grabbed our cocks and began wanking as hard as we could to, of all things, a woman's tits being covered in cake.

"Fuck man that shit is HOT" Elliot exclaimed.

We carried on wanking until the segment ended and frustratingly, neither of us had cum, this resulted in the room having a pungent odour of pent up sex, which became somewhat of an ad-hoc aphrodisiac, the show began its second segment, a feature on mutual masturbation and it's history, we carried on watching the show, both wanting to say something but afraid of the reply... until Elliot took the initiative.

"You know if we tried that, no one else would know," he said stoically.

We both stared at each other, mentally daring the other one to make the first move, I had to do it, i wanted it, i moved and sat on the edge of my bed, exposing my body to him as I became aware that to enjoy this i would have to see him as a sexual entity, when he stood up and came over I checked him out, muscles and a nice sized cock.

"Damn, he's hot" I thought to myself, curious at my own arousal.

Elliot sat next to me and got as close as possible, while we both stared at each other's cocks, now erect in anticipation of another persons touch.

"So how do you wanna do this?" Elliot asked.

Without answering, I reached over, grabbed his dick and began rubbing it the same way I'd rub my own, I felt Elliot's hand begin to do the same to me, but he was too lost in his own pleasure to match my enthusiasm, as I pumped his scalding soft shaft in my hand, I felt a raw primal instinct grow within me, he was all man, muscular, popular and his penis, ugh, that juicy cock, I wanted to please him, I wanted to feel him, I wanted to... taste him.

In a frenzy, I lept off the bed and crawled onto my knees in front of him, by the time he realised what was going on it was too late, I began furiously bobbing my head up and down on his cock, desperately trying to suppress my gag reflex and making all sorts of sounds to turn us both on.

"Oooh fuck yeah, that's hot, suck that dick baby" Elliot grunted in pleasure.

I felt his cock begin to expand and his balls swell on my chin, where the hell did this come from? this animalistic side of me, the one that commanded me to get on my knees and worship someone who I'd never seen as anything other than a friend until just a short time ago.

"Oh fuck I'm gonna cum, BABY I'm gonna cum" Elliot roared, pushing down on my head as hard as he could.

I pulled his cock out of my mouth and began furiously wanking him with both hands until I got hit with a shower of jism, hot sticky goo covered most of my face and chest by the time the blasts stopped hitting me, without thinking, I began scooping up his cum with my fingers and eating it down.

"Yeah baby swallow that cum" Elliot growled watching me snack on his juices.

"Am i your baby now then?" I asked nonchalantly.

He walked over and stood me up, snaking his arms around me and resting his hands on my buttcheeks, he looked at me and shoved his tongue down my throat, the kiss should have felt passionate, but to me it felt like an anointment, I was his now, I belonged to him and I was gonna dedicate myself to giving him what he wants.

Biting my bottom lip, i purred. "Well then, your baby wants you to take him over to that bed and show him the time of his life" 

20 minutes later...

I had my face forced into a pillow I was biting down on, Elliot was sodomising my ass with speed and intensity I didn't know he possessed, i felt him place his hands over mine on the rail I was gripping onto for dear life, his body stretched over mine as he buried his face in the back of my neck, grunt, grunt, grunt, that was all I could hear, not to mentioned my own muffled moans of ecstasy as my best friend made love to me.

"Fuck this is no good, I wanna hear you scream, GET ON TOP" he commanded.

I moved obediently out of the way while he got comfortable, once he was in position, i straddled his cock and slowly slid it into my ass until I hit the base, I decided I would take control for a few and began furiously grinding on his dick like a lap dancer.

"Hmmm, you like that baby? Huh?, you like that?" I moaned in an effeminate voice, I had never heard before.

"OH FUCK" my lover shouted, throwing his arms around my neck and furiously tonguing me.

By this point we had lost all inhibition and control, he was bouncing me up and down in his lap with wild abandon and what was once kissing was now desperately trying to eat each other's faces, I was screaming to high heaven and quietly thanking god for soundproof insulation and windows.

"Fuck baby I'm gonna cum" I heard Elliot shout.

"Me too" I screamed in euphoria.

I met Elliot's thrusts by jackhammering my ass down as hard as I could, he pulled back from kissing me and stared into my eyes as I felt my orgasm approach.

"FUCK HONEY FUCK, UH, UH, UUUHHH" I screamed as my cum shot between us, covering our chests with my cum, as well as much of the room considering the amount my cock was flailing around from the force of Elliot's fucking.

"OH YEAH BABY, TAKE THAT CUM" Elliot grunted as I felt jets of cum climb up my spinchter as well as a rising heat, giving me a delicious tingling sensation.

We both fell onto the bed, me on top of him, exhausted at what we had just done, I rolled off of my lover and laid down next to him completely out of breath, I could feel his cum leak slowly from my asshole, mixing in with the rest of the cum and sweat from our evening of lovemaking.

"Can we do that again sometime?" Elliot asked me hopefully.

"Of course honey, I wouldn't have it any other way."

We smiled at each other and moved close enough to the point that we may as well have been cuddling and fell asleep, neither of us, giving a single thought as to how we were going to explain all of this if we were caught.