 It was actually a relief when we packed up the campsite and drove home. I was horny for Paul's and Will's cocks the whole time. I tried to sate my hunger at the bathroom at the campgrounds, but only got to suck cock one more time before we left, the same long skinny cock that I'd sucked before. I still didn't know who he was.

Mom remarked on my moodiness several times after Paul and Matt left, but each time I begged off saying that it was because Lana, my sister, wasn't with us this year. She only half accepted it and stopped commenting eventually.

I was dying to talk to Lana about everything that had happened during this year's camping trip. I didn't quite know how to tell her that I was addicted to cocks, but we didn't keep secrets from each other. Plus, she'd unhesitantly told me about her fling with Jessica, a girl she went to high school with. If she could tell me about her licking another girls pussy, I could tell her about me sucking dick and being fucked by a man.

Once we got home, I helped Dad set up the tents so he could wash them out, and put away the camping gear. As soon as everything was done, I snuck into the kitchen to call Paul.

He wasn't home, but I left a message on his answering machine. I felt a little like a teenage girl, hemming and hawing as I left the message. My dick, recovered from being rubbed raw on the trip, got hard in my pants just thinking about him...or rather, his dick. Or, rather, his dick in my mouth and my ass.

Life continued. Paul didn't call me back that day, or the next. I went back to the part-time job I'd had through my senior year of high school at the Mighty Burgerstack. It was difficult, actually...every time I'd take an order from a man, I'd wonder what he looked like naked, what his dick looked like. I soon discovered that I had a "type"...the older men (remember, I'm only 19, so we're talking 40's and 50's) seemed to make me daydream more than guys my age or a little older. Paul was probably late 40's, Matt was probably mid 50's, so I knew where my fascination came from.

After a week of not hearing back from Paul, I was starting to think that he wasn't interested in me anymore. No sooner than I had convinced myself of that, he walked into Burgerstack. His eyes lit up when he saw me.

"Will! I didn't know you worked here," he said, smiling.

I was a bit put out over not hearing from him, and it reflected in my voice. I MAY have been just a little bit snotty. "Yeah, for about a year." 

Paul flinched at my tone. 

"I tried to call you, left a message," I said softly, so nobody else could hear.

"I'm so sorry," he replied. "My answering machine is broken. It'll take messages, but I can't get it to play them back. I keep meaning to buy a new one, but I've been so busy with the summer semester that I haven't had the chance. It never even occurred to me to get YOUR number at the campgrounds."

Hope flared up in me. Maybe he wasn't ignoring me after all. 

"I'm glad to hear you say that," I said, smiling. "Honestly, I was afraid you'd lost interest in me."

Paul gave me a big smile. "FAR from that. I just didn't realize that you'd left a message on my broken machine. I was thinking that maybe you'd changed your mind about things."

I took his order. When his receipt printed out, I turned it over and wrote my home number on the back. He took his food and the receipt, and winked at me.

"I'll be busy the next few days with work," he said, "but I'll be free this weekend. Maybe you can come by?"

I smiled back at him, then watched him walk off. It was difficult to get back into the mindset of work after that.

My interaction with Paul didn't go unnoticed, unfortunately. Amanda Jenkins, who also was a recent graduate from our high school and worked at Mighty Burgerstack with me, had noticed. She cornered me later when I took a break.

"Dude, did you give that guy your number?" she asked, astonishment in her voice.

I was taken aback, and more than a little shocked. "Uh...what?" I stammered.

"That guy you were flirting with," she continued. "Did you give him your number? Are you gay?"

"Gay? No! And I wasn't flirting with anyone!" I protested.

She gave me a look. "I know how to flirt, and I KNOW what flirting looks like. YOU were flirting with him. And you gave him your number. Exactly what I would do if I was flirting with a guy."

"No, uh, he's a professor at Huntington. I met him recently and he said he could fill me in on college life," I said quickly.

Amanda smiled. "Bullshit. But, hey, your secret is safe with me. I don't have a problem with gay guys like you. It's actually kind of hot, if you think about it, but I just didn't expect it from you."

"I'm NOT gay!" I said, through clenched teeth. Of course, I was lying...after what happened during the camping trip, all I could think about was hard cocks. I hadn't thought of a girl sexually since the first time Paul's cock slid between my lips. But I had to at least try to pass myself off as straight.

"Methinks the boy protests too much," she giggled, patting my cheek, then turned and flounced away. 

When I finished my shift, John, the manager, called me to his office. John was a mid-30's bull of a man who intimidated me when I first started working there, but I quickly realized that he wasn't an asshole or anything. He just LOOKED like he was, but he was a pretty ok guy.

"Jason can't close any more, so I need to swap you with him and have you close," he said. "You okay with that?"

I considered it. I was only getting about 20-25 hours a week and all the money I was making was going into savings for college. Closing made for late nights, but more hours...the store closed at 11 and staying after close would add another two hours a night. My shift was 6PM to 10PM and Jason's shift was 8PM until they got out of there. I could use the money. 

I didn't have anything going on in the mornings that sleeping in would disrupt. "Sure," I said. "When do you need me to swap?"

"Tomorrow night. Come in at your normal time, but plan to stay until close. You can start Jason's hours the next day."

"Ok. Thanks!" I said. I appreciated the extra money, and wanted to convey that to him.

"No, thank you," John replied. "You're gonna be helping me quite a bit."

His remark was a bit unusual, but I shrugged it off. I clocked out and went home.

I thought about calling Paul the next day, but managed to stop myself. He probably wasn't home anyway. I was in a low boil of lust, horny for him after our conversation at work the day before. My dick kept getting hard at inappropriate times when I started daydreaming about him.

I went to work at my normal time. Jason was there, and was scowling.

"What's up, man?" I asked.

"John pulled me off of closing," he said. "Man, I need that money." I knew why...Jason was a pothead and smoked most of his pay. "If I can't get the hours here, I'm gonna need to find a new job."

Confused, I said, "He told me that you couldn't work close any more. I thought you had some kind of family issue going on or something."

"Fuck, no," Jason spat. "He just told me that he needed me to swap with someone else and my hours would be cut. I don't know what I did to piss him off."

I didn't either. The way John said it, it was more of a change for Jason than anything else. For all his weed habit he wasn't a bad worker nor was late or called in more than anyone else, so I figured that Jason had some personal issue to cause the swap.

At 11, everyone left and John locked the doors. As he was closing out the tills, he told me to what I needed to do.

"Toss whatever's in the warmers and clean them, wipe down the tables and the counters, then mop the floor. When you're done, come see me." He took the money trays and disappeared into his office.

It took a little over an hour to finish, and I went back to his office. The door was open, and I walked in. He was sitting behind his desk, kind of slouching in his chair, with one hand on his desk and the other hidden underneath it.

"Hey, John, I'm done. What else do I need to do?" I asked.

"Cool, sit down. I wanted to talk to you about something" he said, gesturing to a chair in front of his desk. 

I sat and didn't say anything, wondering what the hell he wanted to talk to me about. I was a good worker, never complained, and happily changed my shift to closing because he asked me to. I couldn't think of any reason to be "talked to" at work.

"I was talking to Amanda," he began.

Instantly my guard went up. "About what?" I asked, nervously.

"She seems to think that you're flirting with the customers. The MALE customers," he continued.

Damn her and her "your secret is safe with me" bullshit. "No, I wasn't," I said quickly.

"I'm not saying you were, or you weren't. It's just the appearance of it, flirting with customers is really frowned on. Especially male employees flirting with guy customers."

I didn't know what to say except denying it again, but A) I'd already done that, and B) I really was flirting with Paul in a way. I waited for him to continue.

"Especially," he said, then paused. He pushed his chair back from the desk and stood up. He wasn't wearing pants. His dick was hard.

"Especially since there's guys here at the store that you could flirt with...and do more with."

My mouth dropped open in shock. Once I realized he wasn't the asshole that he looked to be, he just seemed like a regular, normal guy. Definitely not the type to come on to a guy like this. Hell, he was married!

He took advantage of my surprise to quickly walk around his desk and stand in front of me. His dick bobbed in my face, and my mouth watered. Yes, I wanted it in me, but this was too close to home, too risky for me. 

I should have pulled away, gotten up and run out of his office. However, his dick looked so good. It wasn't especially long, maybe 5 inches, but it was thick and veiny. And oh so masculine. I leaned forward, intending to stand up and leave, but my lean somehow continued until his cockhead touched my lips.

I felt his hand on the back of my head, drawing me even more towards him. His cockhead slipped oh so deliciously between my lips, and I surprised even myself by taking his length completely in my mouth.

"Amanda was right," I heard him chuckle. "Suck daddy's dick."

I did. After getting hooked on cock, then going without for a week and a half, I sucked him happily, enthusiastically. Having him in my mouth was almost blissful.

"My wife stopped sucking my dick when we got married," he said, thrusting his hips back and forth, fucking my mouth as I sucked him. "Jesus, I needed a hot mouth and then you just fell into my lap."

I ignored his words, concentrating on pleasing his hard cock. I wanted to feel it throb between my lips, spray cum into my mouth. I wanted it, I NEEDED it. 

I sucked him for another minute before he grabbed my head with both hands, shoved his cock as deep as it would go, then grunted. I felt his cock throb in my mouth, then the overwhelming taste of cum saturated my taste buds. I swallowed, then swallowed again as the amount of his juice threatened to fill my mouth and spill out.

John shuddered one last time, then slowly pulled his cock from my mouth. I let it fall out of my mouth, looking up at him.

"I guess it's true that men know how to suck dick better than women," he said, moving back around behind his desk and pulling his pants on. "That was better than any blowjob that my wife gave me."

I sat, silent. Half of me couldn't believe that I had just blown my boss, and the other half wanted to do it again.

He sat down in his chair. "I wasn't sure about whether you'd suck me or not, but I'm glad it worked out. I'm going to really enjoy having you close from now on," he said, then raised an eyebrow. "Unless you have some objection?"

I shook my head, then surprised myself by asking, "Will you fuck me, too?" 

"Oh, no," John chortled. "Can't go home with my dick smelling like some guy's ass. My wife would kill me. No, we'll just keep it to what we just did." 

I was a bit disappointed, but still very turned on. He leaned over and handed me a tissue. "You've got some cum on your lips there..."

I used my finger to push his cum into my mouth, and made a show of swallowing it, then took the tissue and wiped the remaining wetness from my lips. The look on his face when I did that was priceless...half surprise, half lust.

"Take the trash to the dumpsters, then clock out," he said. "I'll see you tomorrow?"

I nodded, then slowly stood up and walked out of his office. After taking the trash out and clocking out, I walked home. I replayed what happened in my head that night in bed, stroking myself furiously. As I came, I fantasized about being bent over, Paul's cock fucking me hard from behind as John's cock slid in and out of my mouth. The orgasm the fantasy produced was almost mind-blowing.