 Mike and I had known each other for years. We were compadres in junior high, and even stayed close through high school. We were each loved in the other's household. There was nothing that I hesitated going to Mike about, and he felt the same about me.

When we graduated, Mike and I were amongst a group of seniors that decided to celebrate at the local water park. Finally being 18, we looked forward to scoping out some of our more curvaceous classmates in their itty-bitty bathing suits, maybe leading to a late-night rendezvous with at least one of them. And then things changed.

Being close with Mike, and practically growing up with him, this hadn't been the first time I had seen him in a state of undress. We were in the men's changing area, and somehow Mike and I ended up alone. And when Mike took off his jean shorts...

"Jesus, Mike! You're not wearing any underwear!"

"It's part of my plan, Jimmy. With the tightie-whities on, I've gotta pack the monster away, not to be seen. But sans underwear, I can let it snake along my leg and let the girls notice it in all its glory."

And at that point, I was noticing it in all its glory. I had never seen Mike's cock before, and now I could hardly take my eyes off of it. It stood semi-erect, and at least six inches long. I wouldn't have described myself as gay, but I was getting hard just looking at it. I know Mike caught me staring at it, but I tried to play it off.

"Well, good luck to you, Dude," I told him.

After we changed, we walked out towards the water slides. Mike put on his shades and immediately made a bee-line towards the women. I slowly went to join him, to chat-up the girls; but my overactive imagination conjured up a scenario in my brain of Mike being teased unmercifully all day by these gorgeous babes with no follow-through on their part, leading to a frustrated Mike pinning me down somewhere and releasing all his tension in me. At that moment, I wasn't so interested in the girls anymore.

And so the day went. Mike flirted endlessly with our classmates, and one or two did take the time out to admire his monster, commenting on how they would hope to take a closer inspection of it some night soon. And when they would admire, I would admire. 

After a few hours, I grew bored of the events. Even if the girls had been looking my way, my brain remained fixated on Mike's cock. I got up to take a dip in a nearby swimming pool.

"Where you headed, Jimmy?" Mike asked as I got to my feet.

"It's getting hot out here. I'm going for a swim."

"I've got a better idea," Mike addressed the three girls around him, "let's all go into the wave pool"

I started to veer off towards the swimming pool, but Mike threw an arm around me and led me and the girls towards the wave pool.

We jumped in and headed towards the deeper end. Except for a couple of people, the five of us had the wave pool all to ourselves. The girls started the horseplay, dunking each other and pushing each other over. Mike then made his way towards them, and he would lift one into the air as the wave came towards us, making the wave slam into her. I laughed, enjoying this play between everyone, when one of the girls came over and grabbed my leg, trying to topple me over. Soon, the other girls came, pushing and shoving me, trying to get me to fall under. Finally, Mike came, dived under the water, grabbed me by my other ankle, and lifted. Having literally no leg to stand on, I went down. The girls stood and cheered, but Mike wasn't done with me yet.

After having fallen over, Mike stayed with me, and this time reached for my swim trunks. I tried to fight him, but still flailing about in the water, Mike stripped me in no time. He stood up, proudly displaying my trunks, drawing cat-calls from the girls. I stood up, covered up to the waist by the water, and with a bemused look on my face, called over for my trunks.

"No way, Jimmy. I'll give you your trunks when we get out of the pool."

And while Mike was distracted, the three girls pushed Jimmy into the water and fleeced his shorts away from him, high-fiving one another as they displayed Mike's shorts to him.

"Mike," said the curvy brunette holding his shorts, "you throw Jimmy's trunks out of the pool."

Mike made a grab for his shorts, but one of the two blondes slapped Mike's hand away before he could even get a finger on them.

"Na-ah, Mikey. You want your shorts, you have to do as we say. Throw Jimmy's trunks out of the pool."

Normally, I would have been upset at a third-party having the say as to my nudity, but I wanted to see where they were going with this.

Mike complied at last, and flung my trunks behind a maintenance shed nearby. With this accomplished, one of the blondes flung herself at Mike and kissed him, her tongue going straight into his mouth. At the same time, the brunette went to the edge of the pool nearest the maintenance shed and threw Mike's shorts in the same direction my trunks had gone. As soon as she was done, the blonde disconnected herself from Mike and rejoined her companions.

"There," the brunette said, "now you both are going to have to get out of the pool to get dressed."

I let out a great laugh at both Mike and I having been bested by these girls. I walked to the edge of the pool, faced my companions, and hoisted myself out. The girls hollered out as my cock dangled free in the air. Mike soon followed, but instead gave them the view of his ass as he got out of the pool.

"We'll see you back at the picnic area, boys!"

I made it behind the maintenance shed, and leaned over to peer down into the tall grass growing back there, looking for my swim trunks. Mike leaned against the trunk of a palm tree, looking back in the direction of the wave pool.

"Damn girls. They just wanted us to give the public a free show."

"What free show," I said, turning my head to look back at Mike, stealing a glance at his cock; "no one can see us back here."

Mike turned to regard me. "Well, that's a plus for you, isn't it?"

"What do you mean," I asked, turning away from him and resuming the search for our clothing.

"You've been looking at my cock all day, Jimmy. You were probably waiting for a moment out of sight with me so you could gaze at it without anyone noticing"

I looked back at him again, seeing that his cock was starting to grow. "What?! You're crazy, Dude!"

"You probably want it, don't you Jimmy? You want me to give it to you as bad as those girls back there."

I stood up, but I didn't dare face him. I didn't want Mike to see my cock getting rock-hard, confirming what he was saying. I wanted out of this situation, lest my best friend of many years discover that I was acting like a common fairy, lusting for his cock. He'd probably never speak to me again and all our friends would treat me like a pariah, or worse.

"Hey, fuck off, Mike! You can it with that queer talk! Now help me find our clothes!"

I walked away from him and towards another palm tree. The sun was glinting off of something coppery near there, and I wanted to see if it was one of the rivets of Mike's shorts. My trunks probably wouldn't be too far from where his clothing had landed.

Suddenly, I landed hard against the tree trunk, my hands barely making it out in front of me to take the brunt of the blow. Before I could turn around, Mike was pressing his weight against me, pinning me against the tree. His hands went to my hips, pulling me back and causing me to lean slightly forward against the tree. Mike's feet were kicking at my ankles, causing me to spread my legs.

"Mike, what the fuck are you..."

And the rest of the sentence never came out. Mike shoved his hard cock against my asshole, causing a good deal of length to slide into me. I cried out in pain, and could feel the alien sensation of something in my ass that shouldn't have been. We both just stood there for a moment, I rapidly coming to terms with my anal virginity being taken in such a fashion by my best friend.

And then Mike started fucking me. Lubed-up by the blood that was now slowly running down my thigh, Mike got into a steady rhythm, letting out light grunts with each thrust. I held my breath at first, the pain and awkwardness dwindling down until I was panting with pleasure. After all, this is what I had fantasized about that morning, and now here it was reality.

"Oh Mike, fuck me good, sweetheart." I whispered his name out as he began to pump faster, sliding his whole length in and out of me. Every time he thrust into me, I felt a surge of energy rush from his cock into mine, almost as if I were fucking the best pussy I had ever had. As he was slamming into me, I blew my own load onto the tree trunk. And then he dug his fingernails into my hips, pushed his cock deep inside of me, and started shooting his hot spunk into me. He let out a long, low growl as he came inside of my ass.

We stayed motionless again until he grew limp and slid out of my ass. He gave me a pat on my bare ass and walked off, in search of his shorts. It turned out that the copper glint I saw were his shorts. I lifted myself from off of the tree trunk, my legs a little wobbly. It took us a few more minutes to find my swim trunks, and in remaining time I was naked, Mike took a few pinches of my ass.

With our clothing and composure regained, Mike headed back towards the picnic areas while I found the nearest bathroom to clean myself off and hide any signs that Mike and I had just had sex. Before I left the restroom, the illusion restored, I looked at myself in the mirror. I still wouldn't have said that I was gay, but I certainly wanted that to happen again.

And happen again it did. Nothing changed between us; even now as we're both older with wives and fiancées, we remain nothing but best friends. But when we're afforded some privacy, Mike can't resist sharing his cock with me.