 "You are the best fuck I have ever had. I love fucking you. Your ass is like a piece of heaven," he whispered to me. "We gotta do this again."

"Really?" I murmured.

"By far, the best fucking lay I have ever had. Not too many guys can take me. Hope I didn't ruin your hole for everyone else."

I burst out laughing. "I think I am just fine."

"Come on, dude -- it's shower time...we both stink." Tom broke from my hold and climbed out of bed holding out his hand. "Shower with me."

I groaned and put out my hand. Tom was amazingly strong and pulled me right up and out of bed with ease. He pulled me right into his arms and rewarded me with a warm, soft and sultry kiss.

"Come on. We'll get cleaned up and have some breakfast," he said as he pulled away from me and headed into the bathroom. "After breakfast we can lay out and catch some sun."

I followed Tom into the bathroom, watching his smooth, muscular ass clench slightly as he walked. A light mist of sweat covered his skin from the aggressive coupling we just experienced. He didn't have a hair on his ass or crack. Even as masculine and muscular as he was, his ass looked feminine being devoid of any hair. I wondered what it felt like, to be shaved smooth like that. My body had been hairy most of my life...starting in my early teens under my arms and above my cock...and over the course of puberty, hair really filled out by the time I was in college. I thought of Tom and the doc...it certainly felt different having sex with a smooth man vs. a hairy man. 

Tom fired up the shower and I stepped in behind him. This shower was built to match the proportions of their large home. It was stone, had two multiple-heads. As impressed as I was with the shower, I was also impressed with Tom's build. Naked, he was beautiful. And being naked with men was becoming more natural for me. I wasn't shy about my body and I was becoming more and more interested in men. I couldn't deny it. "Hand me the soap." He said. "I'll clean you up first."

I reached over and handed the bar of soap to him. He stepped under the warm spray, the water turning his blonde hair almost translucent. "Turn around," he said in a low, masculine voice. I turned my back to him. He stepped in close behind me. He took my arms one at a time and put them up on the wall out of the stream of water from the shower head. I assumed the position and spread my legs a bit to give him complete access. 

He built up a good lather and then began to soap up my neck and shoulders and upper back. He kept going down my back, my sides and then up my arms. Tom spent extra time in my pits, teasing my hair and running his fingers through it over and over. He held the soap in one hand and used his other hand to massage my body, covering me in thick lather. I felt no tension, it was like his hands were pulling it from my body. He reached around to my taut belly and pulled me back towards him, carefully rinsing my back off. 

When that was done, he reversed course and put me back into position, slowly pulling his hand down lower on my stomach, over my hip and ass. Tom lathered up again reached around with both hands, lathering up my chest and stomach. After I was soaped up again, he put down the bar of soap and began using his bare hands, running them across my hairy body. One hand stayed high and he focused his attention on my chest. 

With his other hand, Tom worked his way slowly down my tight torso, past my navel and kept going down. I was comfortably excited as his hand very lightly brushed the top of my cock. He rubbed soap through my pubic area -- paying special attention to my balls and taint, pulling and tugging at my pubic hairy...then moved both his hands back up to my chest, giving my nipples some attention. 

I was completely lost in his touch; it was as if he was reading my body with his hands and fingers. He pulled me back again, with his fingers lightly pinching my nipples and pulled me under the spray -- rinsing me off. Then he turned me around and looked me deeply in the eyes. His gaze was smoldering. This was so erotic and sensual and I was very turned on. My defenses were completely down. 

I looked Tom over. He had broad shoulders and a hard torso that tapered to a narrow waist. His deep tan made his blonde hair even more striking. His shaved cock and balls hung heavy. His body was completely smooth except for the landing strip right above his cock. I wondered if he would look even hotter with that shaved off? It wouldn't make him look like a prepubescent boy, not with that monster between his legs. I could see a long string of precum dangling from the tip of his cock.

He reached down and grabbed the bar of soap again and motioned for me to turn towards the wall again, and used his foot to kick my legs even wider this time. Tom soaped my legs, working the soap up towards my thighs and crotch. Tom slowly moved up to my ass and began soaping the outside of my cheeks and my hips. His hands moved slowly in from my hips over my cheeks and then slowly entered my hairy furrow. One of his hands started at the top of my crack, the other at the bottom right behind my balls. He rubbed soap into my crack, bringing his hands closer and closer together as they centered on my well-used hole. His fingers entered me easily, cleaning out my hole. He fingered out 3 loads of cum that were slowly leaking from me. I let him have complete access and he kept at it until I was completely clean. 

He dropped the soap on the floor in front of me and asked me to pick it up. When I did, he pulled me by my hips back into the hot spray. I felt the heat on my ass and hole and Tom spread my cheeks to get direct spray on my hole. 

"I love your hair, Jason, but do you want me to shave you smooth?" 

I shook my head no and stayed in position, bent at the waist. Tom turned off the water and reached for a bottle of shaving cream. I heard the shhhhhh of the can and knew he was loading up his hand. He started lathering my crack, spreading the shaving cream up and down my valley, fingering me with 2, 3, 4 fingers. Goddammit, he was going to shave me. I couldn't utter a word, I didn't know if I wanted this or not. 

As I was struggling to comprehend or even take back control, Tom did the unexpected. Before it even registered in my mind I felt blunt heat on my ass. Tom had quickly docked his cock up to my open hole, and was using the shaving cream as lube. I was so well fucked and relaxed that he easily pushed forward. His thick head pushed my weak ring open and his impossibly thick cock followed. I was so turned on that I used my hands to push back against the wall and take more of his cock. He spread me open and I took him. 

The pressure was still there and a lot of stretching until he slid all the way into me balls deep. There was only intense pressure this time, no stabs of pain. I moaned deeply.

Tom grunted deeply and said, "Jesus, Jason! Your ass is swallowing up my big cock. Nobody ever takes it this fast and easy. Only gay boys can take cock this fast bud. You are a horny dirty fag."

"Oh............. my................godddddd! You're so bigggg.........., ooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh.... .......please......... so big, so biggggg!"

Tom took his time and slowly pulled back several inches then reversed course and worked his entire length into me. My legs and knees trembled, my face down and my hands up against the wall (pushing my ass back on his huge thick cock). "Fuck me Tom" was all I could mutter between deep breaths. My legs were pushed further apart so he could get maximum depth and he picked up his pace, slapping his hips into mine. 

The only sounds in the shower were the drips of the facet, my moans and Tom's grunts...but soon the smacking sounds of his pelvis to my ass filled the room.

Tom held steady, his hands sliding over my thighs and down, caressing the taut muscular globes he speared between. Tentative movement pulled him deeper. I could feel his cock stretching me to the breaking point. I felt so full. I could feel the thick veins of his cock as they spread me open as they traveled deep into my body. 

I moaned, "YES" and Tom pushed further into me, balls deep. 

"Jason, I can't believe I am one of the first to tap your ass. Dude, your hole is so open to me. There is no turning back on this bud. You will need cock in this hole all the time now. It's only a matter of time before you come out of the closet and admit you are a fag." 

Never in a million years did I think this would happen. I couldn't deny that I loved this. But I couldn't admit it. "I'm not!" 

Tom stopped mid thrust and totally pulled out of me. My hole was gapping open and I was so horny and needed his cock in me. 

"Please Tom, put it back in."

"Bullshit man! You've had 4 different cocks in your ass in 2 days, breeding you like a teenage girl. If you want my cock, just admit it. Own it," Tom stated matter of factly. 

That is unbelievable I thought. I couldn't be gay. I was married with kids. I loved my wife. I loved pussy and tits. As I was thinking this Tom rubbed his cock around my hole. This sent such strong signals of desire to my cock, to my balls, to my brain. I begged him to put it in me and even reached back to try and guide it in my ass, but Tom just kept on teasing my hole. "Admit it, it isn't gonna hurt you. It will clear your head and help you realize who you really are. Just cuz you're a fag doesn't make you a weak person. It makes you stronger," Tom said as he jabbed his thick cock on my hole. My mind was swimming and my balls ached. I needed this so bad. 

"Tom, I can't..."I'm ah...sorry, I didn't mean, I can't man."

"It's no big deal Jason," Tom responded. "You are completely into gay cock, just enjoy it!"

"I can't!"

"YOU WON'T, you fucking coward!" he bellowed and he reached around and grabbed hold of my hanging balls, squeezing them. 

"Fuck...ok...I admit it!" I blurted.

"what do you admit, Jason?" he asked with a smile growing across his mouth.

"I'm gay." As soon as those words left my lips and before I could contemplate anything, Tom drove his cock in me to the hilt and started fucking me like a man on a mission. My eyes almost bulged out of their sockets and my mouth opened wide with a high shriek.

"Tom, jesus....please.......uhhhhhhhhhhh.....ohh god....pleeeeeeeeease!" I begged.

Tom was working his cock, buried deep within me. "If you are gay, then I'm gonna fuck you like you're gay," he grunted and started slamming his immense thickness deep inside me. 

"Come on Jason, tell me how gay you are you faggot!" Tom panted as his huge cock assaulted my hole, "TELL ME!"

"Oh fuck Tom......please...slower baby," I spit out as my lower body rebelled against me and submitted to him. 

"TELL ME JASON! COME OUT OF YOUR CLOSET BITCH. Tell me your real name and everything about you!" he demanded.

"Jason Randall", I blurted out. "MY NAME IS JASON RANDALL!" As soon as my name passed my lips I felt a huge relief leave my body. It was like all the tension of the last few days left my body. I could even feel the ring on my asshole relax and when Tom drove his cock in me again it felt like electric current was charging through my gonads. 

"Tell me everything about you, Jason Randall" Tom said with a smirk in his voice. He had me and I just wanted to be free. I told him everything. My name, where I was from, about my family, my job, all my past lovers...the dozen women and the four men I had been with. When I lost my cherry and how. I could easily tell him of fucking my first girlfriend at age 16 at her house after school and cumming so hard in her I was sure I knocked her up (she actually missed her period for 2 months but thank god she wasn't pregnant). How that scared me so much I didn't fuck again until college and only fucked women with rubbers until I married my wife.

And then I told him about the men. This part was sketchy. I couldn't remember all the details, but things were coming back to me. I told him about what I liked about gay sex with men. How I loved to be submissive and loved the feeling of being spread open. I love the raw sexuality, the masculinity and power of gay sex. As I was telling Tom this, I started to fuck back on his cock, taking him deeper and deeper into me. 

We developed a primal rhythm -- over and over I pushed back onto his cock. It spread me open over and over, each thrust opening my hole to his cock. My ring was maxed out but I was loving ever thrust and grunting as he bottomed out in me. 

"Uhhh....uhhhh...uhhhhh...uhhhh....ghhhhh....ghhhhh."

"Oh Jason, baby, you are fucking my big cock so well. You love big cock don't you bud?" 

"TOM, JUST KEEP FUCKING ME. I WANT YOU MAN!" I shouted 

Sweat slick skin slid and slapped together. Grunts turned to moans and cries of passion and pleasure. The pressure built and built -- each of us could feel a heaviness in our balls, spreading throughout our bodies. Tom savagely pushed, plunging us closer and closer to ecstasy. I could feel his cock grow even thicker and I lost it. The orgasm ripped through my body. It was an all-over body orgasm. My ass clamped down -- even the insides of my channel pulsed on his hardness. He kept hammering into my tight hole and my rim was ready to give way and tear, but with all the precum on his cock he managed to slide in and out of my maxed out hole. My balls tightened up and my cock shook. It felt like my dick head blasted off my body. Ropes of cum shot from my cock against the shower tile. and were mashed and spread on our flattened tummies. 

I howled in release, my cock spewing between our surging bodies. Every nerve exploded, imploded then burst anew as wave after wave of orgasmic intensity shook me. I was lost in the orgasm, whimpering, lost in the dizzying pleasure that inundated every sense.

Tom followed, bellowing, releasing his seed, hard pulsing volleys that tensed every muscle in his body. I could feel hot jets of cum coursing into my body, scalding me. We were both panting, trying to catch our breath. Tom's hands were still locked on my hips and his huge cock deep in my ass. 

"Randall, your ass is so fucking needy man. I love fucking you and you fucking love taking dick, don't you bud?" Tom teased me.

I just stood there panting, bent over with my hands on my knees, unable to communicate.

"I am gonna call a bud or two over this evening for you to play with, ok?" he asked.

I couldn't even answer. My mouth was so dry from panting over and over like I'd run a marathon.

"Let's clean up and go find doc" Tom murmured, his voice being drown out by the hiss of the shower. 

I squeezed my ass on Tom's thick cock still planted in my ass and wondered what I was becoming.