 I went back over to Lana's apartment to talk to her. Luckily, Jake had left for the afternoon and we had the opportunity to talk for hours. She helped me realize that Paul was special to me because he was my first and currently the only guy that I gave my ass up to, but I didn't have any particular romantic emotions towards him. In return, I gave her some tips on anal sex for when she let Jake do her since she'd never had anal sex before. Our conversation ended abruptly when Jake came home, gave me a weird look and then retreated into their bedroom almost immediately. Lana rolled her eyes at me and followed him into the bedroom. 

Two nights later, I was finishing up my closing duties at work. As usual, John was waiting in his office with his dick out. I was on my knees happily sucking his cock when I heard a strange, soft huffing noise coming from his doorway. I stopped, pulled his cock from my mouth and looked around, but didn't see anything. I looked up at John, who shrugged, and I took his length back in my mouth. In another minute, he filled me with another load of his hot, spicy cum.

I cleaned my mouth as he tucked his dick back into his pants. "You really love sucking dick, don't you?" he grinned.

"Yes," I admitted. "Almost as much as I like getting fucked."

He scowled, knowing that I was trying to subtly push in into bending me over his desk and fucking me. I'd given him every opportunity to, but he'd never taken me up on it. I thought I was making progress, though, since he stopped rejecting it out of hand even if he hadn't yet.

I clocked out, then collected the two bags of trash to take to the dumpster. When I got to the door, I noticed it was unlocked. I thought I remembered locking it when the store closed. John and Ed (the assistant manager) were the only ones with keys, and Ed was on vacation out of state. I looked around and didn't see anyone or anything missing or disturbed. 

I shrugged. Maybe my memory was faulty. I walked out and was almost to the dumpsters when I heard a voice behind me. "Pssst! Will!"

I turned around to see Amanda standing there. "Hey! What are you doing here?" I asked, tossing the two bags in.

"Peeking," she giggled.

"What?"

"Well, I came back before closing and sort of hid in the supply room after my shift," she said. "I waited until you guys were in the office, then I kind of peeked in on you. Damn, dude, you were going to town on John's dick."

That would explain why the door was unlocked. My heart pounded. "I...Uh..." I stammered. I didn't know what to say. I mean, I knew I loved cock, but hell this was 1979 and being gay wasn't a good thing. It could ruin any reputation I had, and could quite possibly get my ass kicked. 

She laughed. "Relax, I'm cool. I even got off watching you two."

I realized that the strange sound I'd heard in John's office was Amanda's explosive breath when she orgasmed. 

"So," I said, cautiously, "now what?" She had me over a barrel.

"Weellllll," she said, "I was thinking that maybe I could help you close some nights? If you could share John, that is?"

Relief washed over me. She wasn't going to hold it over me, she wanted in on the action! 

She took my relief for hesitation. She reached up and cupped her breasts through her shirt. She had remarkably sized tits, big teenage girl tits that a straight teenage boy would have drooled over. "I don't think he'd mind," she continued. 

"Probably not," I grinned. John wasn't gay, he just liked his cock in my mouth. I couldn't see a reason he would pass up on having Amanda, too.

"Only if you promise..and I mean REALLY promise this time!...to keep quiet about it," I said. I felt a measure of control in the situation and had lost my previous nervousness.

She released her tits and made an "X" over her heart with a finger. "Promise."

"Seriously...I mean, you telling John about my flirting with Paul really pissed me off even if it did turn out for the good," I warned.

"Honest, I promise!" she said. I didn't know if I should believe her, but I thought that if I told her "no" things would go sideways.

"Ok," I said. "How about tomorrow night?"

She nodded eagerly. 

"Ok," I repeated. "Here's what we'll do..." I leaned towards her and explained how I thought it would work.

The next morning, I was hanging around my room reading when Mom stuck her head in. "Will, can you come out to the living room? Your dad and I want to talk to you about something."

The hairs on the back of my neck raised. She didn't seem angry, more apologetic. What did they want to talk to me about? In the 40 feet from my bedroom to the living room, a million scenarios ran through my head. They knew. They knew about Paul. They knew about John. Lana must have told them...or they got suspicious that I was spending so much time away from home and followed me to Pauls. By the time I sat down on the couch, my hand was trembling and I thought I was going to faint from my heart pounding so hard.

Dad was in his recliner, and Mom settled into hers. I leaned forward, my hands clasped in my lap trying to keep them from shaking.

"What's up?" I said, doing my best to sound "normal."

"What do you think about moving in with Lana and her boyfriend?" Mom asked.

"What?" Her question threw me.

"We were talking with Lana, and she suggested you move in with them," she continued. "It's closer to college, and it'll give you a bit more freedom. I mean, for bringing girlfriends over and stuff. But you'd have to pay part of the bills, which would help them out."

"Oh, thank God," I thought. My secret was still safe. "I hadn't considered it," I said aloud. "Plus, I get the feeling that Jake doesn't like me very much." That part wasn't quite true...he acted nervous around me, not like he disliked me.

"She said she talked with him about it, and he's ok with it," she said. "I mean, you don't have to...you can stay here if you like, we're not going to 'kick you out'. But you're 18 now, and both Dad and I feel like maybe you need to spread your wings a bit, and we don't think you can do that here. It's an option that we think you should consider."

I did consider it. There were a lot of plusses: Lana knew about my love of cock and I wouldn't have to hide it constantly. Plus, it would nice to have a place in case I wanted someone to fuck me and noplace else was available. I didn't think Lana would mind that. Add to all of that, Lana was my best friend in addition to being my sister. Being around her, able to talk to her at a moment's notice would be awesome.

"Actually..." I drawled, "that sounds like a good idea."

Dad, who had been silent up to this point, spoke up. "I don't want you to get the idea that we're forcing you out," he said, quickly. 

"I know," I smiled. "I mean, like Mom said it'd be closer to college, and it'd help them out. Plus, I bet you guys wouldn't mind having the house to yourselves for the first time in forever."

Mom blushed when I said that, and I knew that aspect of it was on their minds. "I'll go by Lana's place and talk to her," I said.

"Don't rush into it," Dad cautioned. "Take some time to think about it. Be sure before you act."

I nodded. "I will, but I think it's a really good idea. The more I think about it, the more I like it."

I got up, and went back to my room to get dressed for work. I didn't have to be there for another four or five hours, but if I was going over to Lana's apartment I didn't want to have to come back home to change afterwards. 

I drove over, and knocked on their door. Jake answered, wearing a t-shirt and shorts. He seemed a bit nervous at seeing me.

"Hey, Jake," I said. "Lana home?"

"Uh, no," he replied. "She went to the store."

I stood there, awkwardly.

"Oh," he said. "You can come in and wait for her if you like." He stepped back to allow me in, and closed the door behind us.

I sat on the couch while he disappeared into the kitchend, returning with two coffee mugs. "I don't know how you like it...I put two sugars in yours." He sat down on the far end of the couch from me, and offered one of the mugs.

"Thanks," I said, accepting the mug. I wasn't much of a coffee drinker, but he was making an attempt at being friendly so I figured I'd roll with it.

"So, my folks said that Lana suggested I move in with you guys," I said. I watched him to gauge his reaction.

"Yeah," he said, avoiding my eyes. "We talked about it. I'm cool with it."

"You sure?" I asked. "You seem awfully nervous around me, dude."

"Well," he mumbled, "no, not really. I'm cool around you." He didn't lie very well.

"I don't want to put you guys out, or make you nervous and shit," I continued. I wanted to give him every opportunity to put the kibosh on my moving in. It would be really awkward living with them if he was freaked out about me being there.

"Have you seen Wilma lately?" he said, abruptly.

"Who? Oh, yeah, Wilma. Not lately. Why, would you like her to visit again?" I asked, a half-grin on my face. 

"Uh, yeah, that'd be cool," he said. 

I suddenly understood that he liked it when I sucked his cock before, but was afraid of being considered "gay". But it also looked like he wouldn't mind it if I was "Wilma" and not "Will".

"I'm sure she can come right over if you'd like?" I suggested.

"Well, if she wants to," he said softly. 

I set the mug on the psuedo-coffee table, and walked into their bedroom. I felt shameless doing it, rummaging through Lana's clothes until I had a near match for what I'd worn of hers previously. I started to go back into into the living room, then stopped myself and went into their bathroom. Quickly putting on some lipstick and rouge, I went back into the living room. 

Jake hadn't moved while I was gone. "Hi, Jake," I said, in a voice I hoped was both feminine and sultry.

"Hey," he said nervously. He wouldn't look me in the eye.

I sidled over to him, and slowly knelt down in front of him. "Jake," I said softly, "can I suck your dick?"

He didn't respond at first, then abruptly pulled his shorts down exposing his already rock-hard cock. I got a gasp of pleasure from him as I took him deep into my mouth, his cockhead pressing against the back of my throat. I noticed, again, that he was longer than Paul and John. 

"God, you're better than your sister," he groaned as my mouth slid up and down his shaft. I chuckled around his cock, then pulled off so I could twirl my tongue around his cockhead. I could already taste the pre-cum oozing from his slit.

I went back to sucking hard and taking him deep, again feeling the "pop" when his cockhead entered my throat. He groaned loudly as that happened, and I could feel his cock throb in my mouth. I could get him off at any time, I realized, but cock-lust had set in and I wanted to have him in my mouth for a bit first.

I calmed him down by pulling my mouth off of him again, and licked his shaft up and down from his balls to his cockhead. He groaned, giving me a pleading look. I'd only been sucking him for a few minutes, and already he wanted to get off.

Fine. I took him back in my mouth, sliding it from his cockhead to the base of his shaft. I sucked hard as I slid my mouth back to his cockhead, then started going hard and fast. He groaned, then grabbed my head as I felt his cock buck in my mouth, filling it with his cum. I was surprised again at how much cum he produced, swallowing furiously to keep up with him.

He had been sitting tense, upright, but as his orgasm drained away he relaxed and sat back in the couch. I took his cock from my mouth, and used my tongue to gently caress it. I knew Paul was a bit sensitive after he came, and I figured Jake was too.

"Great," I heard coming from behind me, "my slut sister is trying to steal my boyfriend."

Still holding Jake's deflating cock in one hand, I turned my head and grinned at her. She was standing behind me, holding a paper grocery bag. "Hi, sis."

"Hi, yourself," she said, giving me a stern look.

"I was just talking to Jake about my moving in," I said with a nervous smile. "I think he's ok with it."

"I can see," she, setting the paper bag down on the coffee table. 

"Uh, you're not mad, are you?" I asked, suddenly worried.

She smiled. "Nah. One of the conditions I was going to talk to you about was that we wanted Wilma to visit sometimes. But I think you and Jake have covered that."

Jake, to his credit, didn't flee after he got off like he did last time. He unwrapped my hand from his cock and pushed it back into his shorts, but didn't get up off the couch.

"Whew!" I said to her. "I was starting to get worried that you were mad."

"Nope," she said, moving around me and plopping down on Jake's lap. The way we were positioned, I was uncomfortably close to her crotch and quickly stood up, moving over and sitting down on the other end of the couch.

She smiled at Jake while she spoke to me. "Jake has something of a hair trigger and sometimes leaves me hanging," she said. "But he lasted a LONG time after Wilma got him off. So, it works for me." She bent over and kissed him, then turned to smile at me.

Jake looked uncomfortable, but didn't do or say anything. He and Lana started making out, and I used the opportunity to get up and go back into their bedroom to change back into my clothes. After stopping in the bathroom to scrub the makeup off, I went back into the living room. Lana had moved so that she was straddling him, and his hands disappeared under her blouse. 

"Uh," I said, trying to get their attention.

"Sorry," Lana giggled. "Got carried away."

I laughed. "I just sucked his dick, sis. I'm not going to complain about you two getting frisky in front of me."

"WILMA sucked my dick," Jake said. There was a defensive note in his voice, and I understood that he needed to maintain the fiction that Wilma was a girl to keep a sense of his masculinity. Well, I could go with that.

"Yeah, Wilma just sucked his dick," I corrected.

Lana untangled herself from Jake, and we talked about my moving in. They had no problem with me bringing guys home as long as they got to meet them first. Also, Jake wanted to know how often I thought Wilma would come by and I assured him that it would be frequently. We also talked about the bills I would help with, and it wasn't as much as I feared. It wouldn't really put a dent in my finances, even at Burgerstack wages.

She showed me the second bedroom, which was currently held boxes of stuff that they hadn't unpacked yet. "Dad said I can store this stuff in my old bedroom at their house," she said. "I, uh, need to take Jake into the bedroom and have him fuck my brains out. You wanna start taking these over to their place?"

"Sure, leave me to do the manual labor," I mock-growled at her, then smiled. 

"It's going to be awesome having you here," Lana squealed, then hugged me tightly. She gave me a key, then led Jake into their bedroom. I started loading boxes in my car and could hear their bedsprings squeaking furiously on my last trip out the door.

I told my folks that I'd be moving in with Lana when I dropped Lana's boxes off at their house. Mom looked relieved, but I couldn't gauge Dad's reaction. He did offer to buy me a new bedroom set, so that we wouldn't have to move my stuff and they could use my room as a guest bedroom. Dad said he'd have the furniture delivered, so I didn't have to break my back moving the stuff in my old bedroom. I happily agreed.

It was about time to head to work, so I jumped back in my car. As soon as I got there, Amanda gave me an excited smile. I gave her a warning look, not wanting people to notice the way she acted. Work was slow that day, and John cut Amanda and another employee out early, leaving me and the cook. I gave her a "come here" look and walked into the storage room with her.

"I'll leave the door unlocked," I told her. "Come back by around 11:30."

She nodded eagerly, then left.

At 11:00, the cook left. I started to lock the door, then remembered and left it unlocked. I had most of the closing done when Amanda quietly came back into the store. She helped me with the final few tasks, then I asked, "Ready?"

She smiled and nodded. John was sitting in his chair, his usual erection and smile evident. The look on his face when he saw Amanda behind me, however, was priceless. He quickly sat straight up and tried to shove his dick back into his pants. 

Neither I nor Amanda said a word, just walked over and both of us knelt in front of him. "Wha-what's going on?" he stammered.

"Amanda saw us, and she wants in," I explained, reaching over and pulling his now-soft cock back out of his pants.

"She does???" he said, surprised.

"Oh, yeah," Amanda said as she reached over and grabbed his cock, starting to stroke it.

We took turns. I would suck his cock for a bit, then turn it over to Amanda. I watched her as she sucked him, realizing that she enjoyed it as much as I did. 

"I'm not going to last much longer," John breathed on one of the times Amanda and I switched.

Amanda slowly stood up, and pulled her clothes off as I continued to suck John's cock. Naked, she stood next to John. I glanced up at her as she did, realizing that she had a very nice body...her tits, while large, were firm, and she had just enough of the baby-fat look on her to make it really sexy. The small part of me left that still liked girls approved.

John played with Amanda's tits for a moment, then captured one of her nipples in his mouth. His hand slid down her stomach to her crotch, and his finger started moving in and out of her pussy. By the way his finger glistened, Amanda was wet as hell.

I felt John's cock throb in my mouth...he was close to cumming. At the same time I felt it explode between my lips, I heard that same huffing noise I'd heard the other day. It was Amanda, cumming. As John's cream filled my mouth, I looked up at Amanda to see her staring at me, knowing that John was getting off in my mouth and it seemed to make her orgasm even stronger.

John's cock stopped twitching and immediately started to deflate. I reluctantly let it fall from my mouth, swallowing the last bit of cum left on my tongue. Weak-kneed, Amanda went back to her clothes and got dressed. 

John broke the silence. "Well, I didn't expect this," he said.

I gave a look to Amanda. "Me, either, but you liked it, right?"

"Hell, yes," he said. "Is this going to be a regular thing?"

I shot a questioning look at Amanda. She nodded.

"Well, I guess I better adjust some schedules, then. You don't mind closing with Will, do you?" he asked Amanda with a smile.

"I'd love to," she replied. We left John in his office, then I clocked out and Amanda helped me carry the trash to the dumpster. 

"Can I get a ride home with you?" she asked.

"Sure," I responded. Then, she surprised me by taking my hand as we walked to my car.

The ride to her place was mostly silent, except for her giving me directions to her house. When I pulled into her driveway, she motioned for me to shut the car off.

"I'll be your beard," she said when I turned the ignition off.

"What? What's a 'beard'?" I asked.

"I'll pretend to be your girlfriend so nobody thinks you're queer," she explained. "You've never heard that before?"

"No," I admitted. I could see the symbolism though, once she explained it. "Why would you do that?"

"Well, I like you," she said. "You're pretty cool. And you got me with John, which is something I've wanted to do for a while."

I immediately realized the benefit of it. It was getting difficult to keep my guard up around people who didn't know that I liked cock. Having Amanda as a "girlfriend" would definately help that. "Are you sure?" I asked. 

"Yeah," she said. 

"So how would we work this?" I asked.

"Well, duh...you take me out on dates and stuff. I hang around with you at your house, you hang around with me at my house," she replied. "People get used to seeing us together."
