 I started to come to. Through the grogginess, I could sense that something wasn't quite right: My range of motion seemed too constricted, and I wasn't able to stretch my limbs. Rising panic cleared away the vestiges of any heaviness that plagued my thoughts, and with horror, I took in my situation. I was lying on my back in bed. My hands and legs were up in the air, bound together with electrical tape. And I was only clothed in my underwear. What the hell happened to me last night? Where was I, and how did I end up like this? The questions were racing through my mind. 

I had little time to even consider possible answers when a deep voice called my attention to the only door in the room. "Hey, you're finally awake. I didn't think you were that much of a lightweight," the man snickered. As I looked him over, something familiar tugged at the back of my mind—like a dream that you tried desperately to remember, but the harder you tried, the quicker it disappeared. The man at the door was handsome. He had dark skin, as if he spent a lot of time in out in the sun. He was also very well built. Not overly muscular, but you could definitely tell he worked out. He had a strong, square jaw covered in stubble, and short cropped hair. He looked like he might be either middle eastern or maybe Latino; I was never really good at guessing someone's ethnicity. I quickly remembered where I was and started to struggle against my restraints. The man only looked and let out a small laugh. "What's going on? You need to let me go right now!" I demanded. 

"Whoa dude, calm down. First of all, you're not going anywhere—at least anytime soon—so you may as well just get used to that. Besides, this is nothing more than what you asked for." 

I knew that wasn't true. Even though I couldn't remember the events leading up to this, I would never have agreed to such a scenario. And I was most definitely not into bondage. I didn't even go out to gay clubs or bars. How in the world did I end up here? I wish I could remember. 

The man walked over to me, and started to undress. As I surmised, his body was extremely toned and very sexy. Despite myself, I instantly became aroused. I was scared but managed to timidly ask what he was doing; he didn't respond. 

Standing their just in his underwear, he pulled out a pair of scissors from a nearby desk and walked up to the bed. He made quick work of splitting my underwear just enough to reveal my hole. Although I've been "out" for a year, I've only dated one guy, and have had very little experience bottoming. So my hole is pretty tight and relatively unused. This must have been evident because when my captor saw my pink tight hole, his whole face broke out into a smile. 

The man's silence was unnerving. "What are you doing!" I demanded. "Stop! Don't touch me. Help! Please, someone help me!" I started to cry despite myself. 

My pleas had no affect on the man. He simply licked his finger and brought it to my ass. He slowly circled my quivering hole a few times, and then started to work his finger inside. I tried to move, but was helpless against my restraints, positioned in such a way that would give him easy access to my whole body.

His gently fingering became quicker and more aggressive. What started out as somewhat pleasurable began to turn painful. "Please stop," I begged. He laughed and added a second finger to open me up even more. Tears streamed down my face, but I tried to control my whimpering in case it would provoke him to be even more aggressive. 

Two fingers gave way to three, and he just continued to finger fuck me for what seemed like an eternity. Suddenly he withdrew. I glanced over and saw him remove his underwear. What I saw inspired shock, terror, and awe all at the same time. He had the most perfect uncut cock I've ever seen—and also the biggest. It had to be at least 9 inches long and as thick as my wrist. There was no way I'd ever be the same after this. He walked up to me, spit on my hole, and without a word, pushed himself into me. I screamed at the sharp pain that suddenly filled my lower half. He didn't seem to care. He just started pumping away. With every thrust, I felt as if I was being torn in two. I tried to close my eyes and to block out the pain. 

After about 10 minutes of getting fucked raw by a stranger against my will, the man spoke to me: "You like getting fucked like a little bitch, don't you? I could stop though, if you wanted."

"Oh my god, yes please stop. I'll do anything."

"Well, I suppose I could stop if you asked me nicely to suck my cock."

I froze for a moment. I desperately wanted the pain of being fucked by his enormous dick to end, but the thought of sucking on his cock after it had been in my ass made me feel sick. I was caught between a rock and a hard place. 

"Decide quickly. I can go for hours."

I slowly swallowed, and decided that nothing could be as bad as the pain I was currently feeling. "Please let me suck your cock," I said. 

"Beg me."

"Please sir, may I suck your cock. I really want to suck your cock."

"Haha—I bet you would faggot. I bet you're just dying to taste my cock after it's been inside of your ass. Tell me how much you want to taste your own ass faggot."

Sobbing I said, "Please, sir, I want to taste my own ass."

"Beg me to let you taste your own ass."

"Please sir, please let me taste me own ass. I want to taste my own ass. Please, sir, I want to taste it." 

"Ha, I knew you were a disgusting faggot." He pulled out of my ass and walked around to my head. "Open up." 

I did as he said, and he plunged his cock into my mouth. I gagged on it—both from the size, and the taste and smell. He began to face fuck me. After a time, I realized that this was much better than the pain from the ass-fucking, and begin to get into a rhythm. My nerves even settled down enough that I became aroused. 

The man stopped and pulled out. "What the fuck is this faggot? Did I say you could enjoy this? Did I say you could get hard?" He slapped me hard across the face. I was so startled, I didn't even let out a sound. He grabbed the scissors and cut away the rest of my underwear exposing my hard cock. 

"You like cum, don't you faggot? All faggots love cum. Tell me how me how much you love to eat cum faggot."

"I love to eat cum sir. It's delicious."

"Haha, I'm sure you do faggot. But this hard-on you're sporting just won't do. Jerk off."

I touched myself and started to stroke. While I was stroking my cock, the man went back to my ass and plunged his dick back into my hole. "Don't worry faggot, I just need to get this nice and juicy for you again."

After a few thrusts, he pulled out and returned to my face where he resumed face-fucking me. "Keep jacking yourself off!"

After a few minutes, I felt myself reaching orgasm. I motioned to let him know I was close. He pulled out of my mouth and told me to go ahead and cum, because he was going to feed it to me. 

Disgusted, I immediately stopped masturbating. 

"What the fuck are your doing cock-sucker? I didn't tell you to stop."

"I can't eat my own load. Please don't make me; that's disgusting."

"You just told me how much you love eating cum faggot. Did you lie to me? Because trust me, if you thought you were hurting before, that is nothing to what I will make you feel if I think you lied to me."

Scared of what he might do, I resigned to doing whatever I needed to make this nightmare end. "No sir, I didn't lie to you. I do love eating cum."

"Good now keep jacking off faggot, and tell me before you cum."

I resumed masturbating. Within a few moments, when I felt myself getting close, I told him. "Good faggot, now I want you to cum into your hand."

I did as I was told. 

"Now beg me to let you eat your load. Tell me how much you want to taste it—how much you'd love to taste your own cum."

"Please sir, let me eat it. Let me eat my own load. I want to taste it. I need to taste my cum. Please."

"All you filthy faggots are alike. Fine, eat it. Eat every drop of your own load out of your hand."

I did what he ordered. 

"Now beg me to let you eat my load faggot."

Lying there on my back, exposed, with the taste of my own ass in my mouth, and my own cum on my lips, all I could do was cry. I didn't mean to, but I just had nothing left. The man stood up, walked around to my wrecked hole and thrust two fingers in. He then walked back to my face and shoved those same fingers into my mouth. "Do what I say faggot and don't make me wait, otherwise I will make this very unpleasant for you."

"Please sir, let me eat your load. Let me taste your cum. Please I need it."

"Open your mouth faggot." With that, my captor unloaded his huge load onto my face and into my mouth. When he was done, he scooped up the remaining cum and made me suck it off his fingers. Without a word, he took the scissors to cut the tape that had been restraining me. Then he left the room. He came back a few minutes later, fully dressed, and pressed a button on the TV. To my horror, I saw myself on the screen. The bastard taped the entire thing! He then whispered into my ear, "You're mine now faggot. Anytime, anywhere, you'll do what I say. Otherwise, I post this to the internet, and everyone—all your family, friends, and colleagues will know what a disgusting faggot you really are." A cold shudder went through my entire body. I rubbed my wrists, gathered what clothes I had left, and made my way out of the room, wondering how long it would be before this man would make good on his promise.