 By now I had given in to my situation. I knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that if I didn't play their games, bad things would happen. And anyway, whatever I didn't give could be taken from me. I'm not a big guy, 5'9", 140 pounds. Either one of these guys could have raped me, working together they could own me like a puppet. As big as their cocks were, I felt like I had made the only choice I could. Pleasuring them with my mouth was humiliating; if they had sodomized me they would have torn me in two.

Rick dropped the leash and quietly opened the door. Like a good little slut I crawled into the darkened room and just as quietly, Rick shut the door. My eyes adjusted to the darkness and I could make out the outline of a bed with a form on it. Sleeping, by the sound of his breath. I didn't know what to do so I crawled over toward the bed and stopped to think at the foot of it.

If I laid on the floor and slept without "pleasuring" their roommate, Rick and Tony might punish me. I knew I had to do something, but I was (until a few hours ago) a straight guy. I assumed they expected me to seduce this sleeping man whom I had never even laid eyes on and I had no idea how to do such a thing. Luckily for me, he must have been a light sleeper, as he soon woke up.

"Hello, is someone there?"

"Um," I stuttered, "Hi, um, your roommates sent me in here and, um..."

"Oh, ok, shhhh, sweetie."

I cringed, this night was never going to end.

He turned on his bedside lamp and I saw that he was much different than his roommates. He was youngish, 19 or so, and slender, not a muscle-jock like Rick or Tony. 

"Relax," he said, "it's ok. I'm not like them. How do you feel?"

"Well, I'm tired and I've been raped and humiliated and I guess I feel like shit." 

It just gushed out of me, I was so relieved to find a nice guy. I was sure I was going to get raped again and here I was chatting with a nice sweet young guy who didn't seem intent on brutalizing me.

"I bet," he said, "well, if you're tired you can come up here and sleep."

I cringed.

"No no no, don't worry, I'm not gonna force you or anything. I'm just saying I know that floor isn't very comfortable and my bed is big enough for both of us. It's just sleep, sweetie."

The "sweetie" thing bothered me, but not enough to let it keep me from taking him up on his offer. I was dead tired and at this point, the thought of closing my eyes and falling into dreamland was very enticing.

"Ok", I said, "thanks, um, whats your name anyway?"

"I'm Billy."

"Thanks Billy", I said, "I'm-"

He cut me off, "Don't tell me, I'm gonna call you sweetie"

He made room for me next to him and I crawled under the covers tentatively.

"I do have one request", he said, "you have to let me hold you. I'm sure my roommates said you had to pleasure me, right?"

"Yes", I said, "but I thought..."

"Shhhh, I didn't tell you to blow me, I just like feeling the warmth of another person next to me, is all."

"Oh, ok. That might be nice."

I turned on my side so my back was to him and he immediately scooted over to spoon me from behind. He laid his arm over me and nestled in tight to me. I could feel his half-hard cock pressed between my ass cheeks but he didn't try to push it any further and very quickly I was asleep. 

I woke when he slipped out of bed and could tell it was early morning by the thin light coming in the window. He went into what I realized was a bathroom by the sound of a heavy stream of piss hitting the toilet and a minute later he slipped back in bed behind me and once again he pressed up against my ass. I could tell by his breathing he wasn't falling back asleep, I could also tell by the hot erection once again pressing into my ass. He readjusted himself several times and within a few minutes he was gently gyrating against me. At that point I made a decision to protect my ass as well as ensure Billy wouldn't complain to his roommates.

"Good morning, Billy."

"Mmmm, hey there Sweetie."

"It feels like you could use some relief", I cooed.

"You noticed", he said.

"How could I not", I whispered, "Do you mind if I, um... help you out?"

"Well, only if you want to", he said.

"Last night those two hurt me, physically as well as emotionally. You could have done the same, but you didn't. You were to nice to me, and I really appreciate that. I just want to say thank you."

I turned around and slid down between his legs as he rolled onto his back. I nuzzled my face against the sizable tent in front of me as he put his hands behind his head. I didn't want this to be like last night, a face fuck. I put my hands on his hips and began licking at the thin cloth covering his cock. After a minute or two of this I grabbed his waistband and he lifted his hips to allow me to pull them down and off.

His balls were shaved and his hard cock was long and straight. If Rick's dick was ugly, the phallus before me was beautiful. After last night I felt like I had learned a thing or two about sucking cock. I began with long broad licks that started at his warm balls and ended at his piss slit. I continued this for a few minutes until his breathing became ragged and he began thrusting gently. Next I took just the head into my mouth and sucked hard while flicking my tongue against his slit. He gasped and I responded by bobbing my mouth halfway down his shaft. I kept up pressure with my lips and bobbed up and down, taking a little more each time until finally I had him in my throat. Once there I moaned and then sped up. The slurping sounds I was making drowned out his rapid breathing. After a few minutes of loving his cock I felt his balls begin to tighten and he let out a loud guttural grunt and erupted. I slurped and sucked and swallowed as much as I could as his cock twitched in my mouth. I kept it up even as his cock softened in my mouth. I thoroughly cleaned his cock and balls before sliding back up next to a very satisfied Billy. I then realized how proud I was of what I had just done.

Last night I was a straight guy looking for a game of pool and here I lay, happy with my abilities at sucking cock, it was all so disorienting. I turned away from him and as the realization of the last 24 hours hit me, I began to quietly cry. Billy wrapped his arms around me and held me tight, giving me little kisses on the back of my neck.

"Sweetie, that was incredible, whats wrong?"

"I'm not gay", I sobbed, "I'm not but I just sucked you off. I can still taste your cum."

"Oh, shhhh, don't get all caught up in labels. You're not homosexual or heterosexual or even bisexual, you're just sexual. Rick and Tony spotted that in you and used it, I saw it and helped you. Don't beat yourself up over it, just accept it and enjoy it." 

"No, they forced me and..."

"Sweetie, you just gave me the best blowjob I've ever had. Straight guys don't do that, its ok. I won't tell, I promise."

"Thanks", I said, "thanks for, well, just thanks."

He leaned in and nibbled my ear and said, "No, thank you, Sweetie."

I got up to pee when I went into Billy's bathroom I heard strangely familiar noises from the living room. My stomach dropped when I recognized my own voice begging, "Please, master, all I want is to put that big beautiful cock in my mouth and suck you dry."

I rushed into the bedroom to find a naked Tony sitting on the couch with a cup of coffee watching the TV. On it was a video of me on my knees begging for dick. All my previous peace was forgotten.

"What the fuck!", I screamed, "I did what you asked and you taped it?!"

Tony set his cup down, stood up, looked me in the eye and said, "I'll forgive you this one time, but if you ever take that tone with me again, last night will be the best I've ever treated you. I will fuck you hard, tape it and then post every video I have of you online with your full name, address and phone number. How long will it take before everyone you know realizes what kind of perverted little fag you are?"

He was right, he had control and there was not a thing I could do about it. I was in farther than I had known. 

"Now", he said with a devilish smile, "how about you crawl over here and say good morning to my cock. If you say it nice, I'll even give you a hot breakfast."

Beaten, I dropped to my hands and knees and crawled over between his muscular thighs. He sat back down, picked up his coffee and began watching the video again. I listened to the sounds of my first humiliation while I performed yet another on this man. Thankfully, in the state he was in it didn't take long for him to shoot that hot breakfast he promised down my throat. 

"Now", he said, "clean me off, say thank you and get out of my sight, slut."

My mouth was getting sore from these repeated work-outs, but I did my best to lick him clean and milk the last little bit onto my tongue.

I forced a smile and said, "Thank you for allowing me to service your big cock." 

Then I leaned in and gave the the tip of his softening sausage a quick peck before crawling back towards Billy's room.