 I couldn't believe it. They had me on video begging for and then sucking their cocks! It actually scared me a little. I just assumed it was some sick spur of the moment thing, that they would just take me back to my car and never mention anything again. I guess I should have known better, after all, Billy didn't seem all too shocked by my crawling into his room, and his bed, the previous night.

But the fact they had a video camera set up and hidden already meant they'd planned this out and they knew exactly what they were doing. Back in Billy's room, because I didn't know where else to go, sitting on the floor and thinking about my situation.

"Whats on your mind?" Billy asked.

"I just, I don't know... I guess its just so much—" I stammered.

"Come over here and sit next to me" Billy interrupted. 

He sat up on the edge of his bed as he said this and patted the mattress next to him. Feeling weak but needing a sympathetic ear I went over and sat by him. He put his arm around me and pulled me close. I was so confused and frustrated that I actually broke down in tears. I wasn't usually so sensitive and emotional, but it was all so much to take in.

"Relax Sweetie" said Billy, "This is no big deal, it'll all be over after this weekend and you'll be ok, just be some new experiences is all, you'll get over it, I promise."

"Are you sure?" I replied meekly.

"Yes baby, but there is something you need to prepare for. They are gonna take your ass before they're done. They always do."

"So they've done this before?" I said.

"Oh yes, and trust me when I say, there's nothing you can do about it. The sooner you accept it and start preparing for it, the better it'll go."

"Prepare?" I asked, "How do I prepare for, um, it?"

"Well", he replied "I can help you, but you have to trust me completely."

I thought about it for a moment, "ok, I trust you."

"I mean it, you have to do everything I say, go through with it or it won't help."

"Yes", I pleaded, "I promise, whatever you say, no questions asked."

He smiled and walked to the bathroom motioning me to follow him.

"Ok" he said, "take off your clothes and I'll show you how to give yourself an enema."

"Wait", I protested, "How is this gonna—"

Billy cut me off, "Shut your mouth, you promised to do what I said. You question me again and I can go make sure they are extra rough with you. Ok?"

Billy's change of tone shocked me, I nodded meekly, "Sorry"

Billy showed me then gave me 4 enema kits and told me to use them all. Then he handed me a disposable razor and told me to shave every bit of my body. I wanted to protest but remembered his threat. He explained how other than some itchiness as it grew back it was no big deal and would be worth the trouble it would save me with Rick and Tony. And lastly he handed me the tube of red lipstick. 

"I think you know what to do with this."

I came to realize there was no going back, I would have to fully commit to this for it to work. And really, after having given 4 blowjobs to 3 different men, it was too late to get out of this with much in the way of pride. 

"After you are clean and shaved come back into my room for the finishing touches." Billy said.

Just then I heard Rick yelling for me.

"Don't you worry, I'll handle him, but hurry up" 

I thanked Billy and grabbed an enema bottle. About 35 minutes later I walked back in to Billy's room clean shaved and naked with cherry red lips. 

Billy smiled and said, "Ok, we don't have much time here. In case you haven't figured it out yet, the more submissive you are with them, the gentler they'll be with you. Just make it your goal to please them and you'll be fine. Now hand me that bottle and get on your hands and knees on the bed, we've only a few minutes to get you loose and lubed for them."

I did what he said, positioning myself so I could see what he was doing in the mirror. I was shocked by my new look, smooth shaven with slutty red lips. He poured a bit of the lube down the crack of my ass and then began massaging the area around my hole gently. As he did this he talked quietly to me, reassuring me that if I did it right, it would only hurt for a moment, and that I might actually come to enjoy it. He told me to relax as much as I could and to not worry about anything, that there was no point resisting. As he spoke he began to push a finger against my tight bud. I tried to relax and as I came to the realization that he was right, that I was better off going along with them, I actually began to feel free. I began to almost look forward to this as nothing more than I minor experiment. I even began to hope I did a good job!

Billy worked one finger in and as I forced myself to relax he gently got another in and slowly turned them back and forth and pushed them in farther. Amazingly it actually felt kinda good and a little moan escaped me.

Billy smiled, "I told you it might feel good."

With this he began thrusting them in and out a bit faster. Going farther in and then almost all the way out before forcing them back in. After several minutes of this he added a third finger without any warning. I yelped a little, and it was higher pitched than I'd have liked, coming out almost feminine. 

Billy leaned down and bit my ear and whispered, "You like this, huh? I bet you'll love the real thing won't you?"

"Oh yes", I moaned, "Yes give it to me." I didn't know where this was coming from, but I didn't fight it. He shoved them in even farther and faster, really working my asshole.

"Say please", he said.

I looked in the mirror and realized he had his cock out and was stroking it. It was hard and shiny with lube and I wanted it inside me soooo badly.

"Oh please", I begged, "Please put your beautiful cock in me! Please?"

He paused long enough to look me in the eyes in the mirror and smile an arrogant smile before positioning the tip of his member in the crack of my ass. He lined himself up and then thrust the head in. I squirmed around it as he began working it in a bit farther. I could feel resistance for a moment, he gripped my hips and pushed harder and after a few moments something gave and most of his cock slid inside me, I gasped. He wrapped his hands around my slender waist and then with a grunt he smoothly thrust himself all the way in. I couldn't help it, I yelped and moaned like a whore in heat. It felt so good, being impaled on his hot hard manhood, this boy at least ten years younger buried nuts deep in me. My hard little cock was dripping like a bad faucet. 

"You're such a naughty little whore, you like having my hard cock in you?"

"Oh yesss", I gasped, "your, cock, feels, so, good, in, ME!"

He began thrusting faster and faster, his heavy balls slapping against me, his hands gripping me, controlling me, making me his bitch. And I LOVED it! I was moaning and whimpering with lust. Billy's breathing became ragged and he pistoned in and out of me like an animal. Just when I thought I couldn't take anymore pleasure he put his hands on my shoulders and threw his head back as he pounded my not-so-virgin-anymore hole even harder.

"Oh yeah baby, fuck me fuck me fuck me fuck meeeeee!" I squealed like a little girl. Billy grunted and growled and with a final mighty thrust he came, dumping what felt like gallons of hot cum in my twitching ass. I came at the same time without even touching myself, I couldn't believe it.

He held me there with his hot cock slowly softening inside me. I glanced up at him in the mirror and he had a brazen look of conquest on his face, smiling down at me. I was torn between shame and joy. Shame at the realization of how fulfilling it was to be used like a slutty little fucktoy and the joy of a hunger I never knew I had being satisfied at long last.

He pulled out with a wet pop and then I was hit with this overpowering sensation of emptiness. It was like I felt sad or something. All I knew was I wanted to be filled again. That's when I heard Rick call from the other room.

"Hey slut boi, get yer sweet ass in here!"