 It all started with a phone call, a call that would change my life forever. I had been playing on a web site for about 6 months, writing erotic stories and talking with women that made my cock so hard I thought it make put a hole in my pants. 

I was a married man, so I knew I shouldn't have been there without my wife's permission. But I felt trapped in a sexless marriage and the web site and my writings were my only outlet from the pressures of every day life and the release I so desperately needed.

I was chatting on-line with a great girl I had met recently on the site when I got the call. I had a huge smile on my face. I typed brb phone on the IM and quickly answered the phone thinking it was business.

"Hello this is John," I said with a confident voice.

"Well, hello John. It's nice to finally put a voice to the pictures." The voice on the other end was a deep manly voice. He was very direct, didn't mince words. 

"Who is this?" I asked with a puzzled voice. He had instantly grabbed my attention, but I still didn't think too much of it since my face is all over my business web site, just thought he was kind of creepy. 

"You don't know me John, and who I am is not important. What's important is that I know you. I know all about you. I know that you are married and I know what you have been up to."

"I....Uhhhh...I don't know what you mean." I tried desperately to keep my composure and remain coy, but his words cut into me like a dagger.

Before I even had time to think about the ramifications of what he had just said he was speaking again. "I'm gonna get right to the point. You have something I want. I have information about you that you wouldn't want your family, friends, and clients to find out. What I propose is simple. You give me what I want and I don't e-mail all of those people the incriminating evidence I have against you."

My heart practically stopped as the words came out of his mouth. He was right. I was a church going man. I led my Bible study for goodness sakes. I was a pillar of the community and my business was based on that reputation. If this got out, then I would be ruined. Not to mention that my marriage would be over and I would lose my kids. I couldn't let that happen. I would do anything to keep that from happening.

I asked some questions to make sure he wasn't making shit up. "How do you know about me? What kind of proof do you have? How did you get my friends' e-mail addresses?"

He spoke again in his calm, unshakable way, "How is not important, but go check your e-mail if you want the proof. I'll wait."

I quickly flipped over to my e-mail and hit refresh. There was an e-mail from an unknown sender. I clicked on it and a screen came up with transcripts of IM conversations. Chats that I had talked about my kids and my business. It was plenty of information to incriminate me. It also had some very dirty thoughts in there. 

After a long silence and a deep sigh I picked up the phone again. "How much do you want?" I asked. 

"I don't want your money John, and by the way thanks for clicking on that e-mail and downloading the virus I just used to get your friends and family's e-mail addresses." He chuckled. 

"Then what do you want?" I was even more confused than ever. What else could this guy possibly want from me? 

"I want you John. I've seen that sweet ass of yours. I've seen those lips. I've read your stories. I get so fucking hard every time I look at your pictures! I'm about to cum just talking to you." I was so taken aback by that statement that I almost fell out of my chair.

When I was finally able to gain control of my thoughts again I said, "You do realize I'm not gay right? You sure you don't have me mistaken for someone else?"

He laughed again. "Oh, I know exactly who I'm talking to. I've seen that cock spewing that hot nasty cum all over the place, and I want a piece of it. I always get what I want."

"So what exactly do you want?" I still wasn't sure what he wanted from me.

"You know what I want. I'm gonna e-mail you an address. You meet me at that address tomorrow at noon or the e-mail goes out to everyone. No questions asked. I'm not one to negotiate. I think we both know that I'm holding all of the cards here. Don't worry, you might like it." Then there was silence. He had hung up before I even had time to protest.

I refreshed my e-mail again and there was another e-mail from an unknown sender. I was scared to open it, but I really didn't have a choice. The e-mail had an address on the other side of town, with the words PS- shave that tight little ass of yours before you come.

My ass clenched at the sight of the words. I got sick to my stomach. I sat there for the next hour just trying to come up with some way to get out of this, but nothing came to my mind. I was stuck. I may actually have to do this, I thought to myself. That sick bastard had me by the balls and tomorrow he literally might have me by the balls.

That night I was lying there in my bed tossing and turning. Images of what might have to happen the next day were haunting me. I had no idea what this guy looked like, but I imagined him to be some dirty old man, with a raggedy old dick. 

I had wondered a time or two what it might feel like to have a cock in your mouth or in your ass. A lot of women sure seemed to like it so there must be something enjoyable about it. But never before had I been able to stomach the thought of it. As I was lying there in deep thought I was finally able to fall asleep around 2:00 in the morning from exhaustion.

I slept in the next morning. I got up late and slowly got ready for work, making sure to shave my ass like he had asked me to do. I tried to play with it a little in the shower, just trying to see what it might feel like. It was hard to even get a finger in there. The thought of more than that scared the hell out of me.

I finally got to work and opened my e-mail again, hoping to find another e-mail saying that he had changed his mind, but no such luck. I was too nervous to even eat or try to get anything accomplished at work. I hadn't even remembered to say goodbye to the girl I was talking to last night. 

I just sat there in my desk trying to find a way out of this and again nothing was coming to mind. Oh well, I thought. It was just this once, and no one would ever have to know about it. 

The rest of the morning was like a fog until I pulled up to the address that the man on the phone had given me. It was a fairly large house sitting on over an acre of wooded land. The perfect place for a sick and twisted guy like this to live. 

When I approached the door I got an eerie feeling. For the first time since I got the call yesterday I realized how dangerous this was. For all I knew this guy was gonna kill me when we were done and feed me to his dogs.

I stood there by the door contemplating this for some time before realizing that it was a minute till noon and I needed to put up or shut up and leave this town for good. 

I used the knocker on the door and lifted it to the air before knocking it against the iron on the door. I could here the sound echo through the big house.

Then I heard the sound of the man's voice on the intercom next to the door. "Glad to see you could make it John. I was starting to think I might have to send this e-mail out. Trust me John, that is the last thing I want to do. Come on in and go to the room at the end of the hall on your left."

Buzzzzzzz

The door opened with a buzz and I walked into the house. My nerves were driving me crazy. I wished I could just go numb and not feel anything for the next hour of my life, then I could just erase it from my memory forever. 

Before I knew it I was standing in front of the door he had told me to enter. A dark ominous feeling could be felt deep in my soul. I have to say that it was scary as hell, but it felt good to feel something again, kind of like an adrenaline rush. I certainly wasn't expecting that thought, but I was always one to look at the bright side.

I slowly opened the door. I might as well get this whole thing over with as fast as I can, I thought. 

When I opened the door I walked into an empty room. Immediately, the door behind me shut and I heard it lock. I reached for the handle but there wasn't one. 

"Oh Shit," I whispered under my breathe. What had I gotten myself into? 

The light dimmed a little and I heard the voice of the man on the phone again. "Don't be afraid John. Just some precautions to make sure you don't change your mind. Now, for the reason I brought you here. I'm sure you're dying to know. On the other side of that door are four men. They have paid me good money for the fantasy that you are about to give them. 

Don't worry, your job is simple. Just be their play toy for the next hour and you will be free to go about your life, like nothing ever happened. Whatever you do, don't do anything stupid and make sure they know how much you love it. If it's not believable then all I have to do is hit the send button on this e-mail. Now take all of your clothes off and put them in the drawer in the right. You have two minutes to comply."

"Four guys," I yelled, but there was only silence. I hurried to pull off all of my clothes and my shoes and walked to the wall pulling out the drawer and putting them in. I was naked and vulnerable in an empty room.

Then I heard the door open and four guys walked into the room, looking me up and down with big smirks on their faces. I stood there frozen. I had no idea what they wanted, but I knew it couldn't be good.

There was a very tall skinny black man, who looked like he could have been a professional basketball player. He had to be at least six and a half feet tall. The second guy I noticed was A big burly man. I could tell this guy was a gym rat and could probably bench press me a hundred times. His arms were bigger than my legs. 

Then there was the All-American guy. He looked like he could have been Mathew McConaughey's brother, with his blonde hair and tall, muscular frame. Finally the fourth guy Looked more like a guitarist for Marilyn Manson. He was white as a sheet and had on all goth clothes with tattoos all over his body. This was quite the motley crue. I don't think I would see a single one of these guys on the street and think they would be into boys.

They walked circles around me surveying the merchandise. The big guy was first to act with a hard slap to my ass. I jumped and felt the stinging reverberate through my body. "Nice ass you got there you little cock whore," said the big guy in a higher pitched voice than what you would expect from such a big guy. "I can't wait to get my cock in that tight little ass."

My ass clenched at the thought. The blonde kid was the next to speak up. "Why don't you go ahead and get on your knees, and let's get this party started." I complied with his demand and got down on my knees, waiting to see what would happen next.

He walked up to me and placed his hand on my face gently. He pulled his shirt off and said, "now pull this cock of mine out and get to work suckin bitch." 

This was the moment I dreaded. My heart was racing. My palms were sweating. I tried to act like I liked it, but I was sure they could see the way my face cringed, as I reached up to unbuckle his jeans. 

I slowly lowered his jeans, hoping that at some point someone would run in and say this whole thing was a joke. I could see the outline of his limp dick in his boxer briefs. Next I slowly pulled down his briefs and watched as his cock fell out before me. There it was, only inches from my hands and a foot from my face. I couldn't believe I was actually going to go through with this.

I wrapped my hand around his cock. It was warm and soft. The skin was loose. It felt similar to my limp dick, only bigger. It was so strange to be holding another man's cock in your hand and I knew it would only feel even more strange to have it in my mouth. 

"What are you waiting for, you know you wanna taste it," said the goth man in the back of the room with a big smile on his face. I could see in the background the other guys pulling their shirts off and heading towards me. I was stroking his cock and it was growing in my hand.

It was now or never. I opened my mouth and did what I had seen many women do before in the pornos that I had watched in the past. It felt warm in my mouth, and it instantly got larger and larger in my mouth. As it grew it began to fill up my whole mouth and I had to open it wider and wider to keep him in. I was moving my mouth back and forth and sucking as best I could. The sooner I could get this done the better, I thought. 

I had to admit that so far it wasn't so bad. It's just a cock, I kept telling myself. If I could do that to my own cock, then I would. The blonde kid was fully erect now and I could only get half of him in my mouth. I stopped and pulled him out, stroking it with my hand. I took a good look at it and figured it had to be 8 inches long and had a good width to it. It was too wide for me to get my fingers completely around it. 

What was this guy doing here? He could have any girl he wanted, I wondered. I'm sure plenty of girls would kill to have a cock like that in their mouth. As I continued to stroke it, curiosity was getting to me. What is it that girls liked so much about this? 

Before I could think too hard about it, the goth guy had walked up to me. I knew what I had to do next. I reached over and unbuckled his leather pants. His white chest was almost blinding me. I reached into his boxers and pulled out his semi erect cock. A few strokes of my hand and I took it deep into my mouth. 

I had seen enough gang bang videos to know how this went. I reached over and was stroking the blonde kids dick while I sucked on the goths cock in my mouth, feeling it now grow in my mouth. I have to admit there was a certain power in being able to make a man hard like that. The feeling was not much different than when you make a woman wet. 

I could actually feel my cock start to get a little harder as I felt the cock of the goth fill my virgin mouth. When I pulled his cock out I was surprised to see it was even bigger than the blonde kid's. It was thick and had to be 9 inches long. How many girls would kill to be stroking both of these cocks right now, and here I was doing it. 

I was taking turns putting their cocks in my mouth. Sucking and stroking them. The feel of the warm wet cocks sliding in and out was intense. Now the big man and the Black guy walked up to me and wanted in on the action. I turned over to them, quickly pulling down both of their pants and gazing in wonder at the size of the black man's semi-erect dick. It was bigger than the goth's fully erect cock! 

I held both dicks in my hand and stroked them, loving the feel of them get harder and harder in my hands. Starting with the big guys and saving the biggest for last I hungrily took it into my mouth. He was erect in seconds and was probably the smallest of the group, but still bigger than the average cock. 

He grabbed the back of my head and said, "Now deep throat it you slut." He thrust his cock into the back of my throat and pulled my head into him. I gagged instantly. Saliva pouring from my mouth onto his cock. I tried to loosen it again, but I gagged the second time. 

After several attempts it finally slid into the back of my throat. I took him deep inside me. The black man's dick getting harder in my hand at the sight of this. 

Then I felt a finger on my ass. It was the goth guy rubbing away at my tight little ass. He got down on his hands and knees and started licking my ass getting it lubricated for him to fuck me. I was shocked at how good it felt to have a man's tongue on my ass. My cock was almost fully erect now. 

He stood up again and reached around to stroke my cock while his finger finally penetrated me. I let out a moan, with the big guys cock still thrusting deep into my mouth. It caused him to moan and encouraged him to continue fucking my face. 

In the meantime, the dick in my hand had grown to the size of a horse dick. It must have been close to 12 inches long. My god, I thought, that will rip me apart. The goth kid was having a hard enough time getting two fingers in my ass. 

"Now let me fuck this pretty little ass," said the goth guy standing behind me. He pushed me down from behind and I fell to my hands. Before I knew it I could feel the pressure of his cock pressing against my ass. He was thrusting into me, desperately trying to penetrate my tight ass. 

In the meantime the black man got on his knees in front of me and said, "My turn you sick Mother Fucker." His big beautiful cock standing in front of me. Even a straight man had to admire the beauty of it. I gobbled up the head of his cock, tasting the pre cum on the tip. It was warm and sweeter than I thought. I found myself wanting to taste more of it.

Just as I had that thought, I felt the cock of the goth guy finally enter my ass and he groaned as he thrust it in inch by painstaking inch. The further in he got the more my cock throbbed. I moaned again, the black man's cock now hitting the back of my throat and I wanted more of it. 

I opened the back of my throat and let it slide in deep. The blonde kid was now kneeling beside me too so I took his cock in my hand, playing with it, loving the feel of it throbbing in my hand. 

I could now feel the balls of the guy behind me smacking mine. A hard slap to my ass told me that I was his bitch. I worked my ass like I had seen so many girls do before. I loved the way it felt inside of me. I loved the power of bringing so much pleasure to these guys. I wanted them all to come so badly. I wanted to taste it, to feel it on my body and oozing out of me, just like the girls in the videos. 

I rocked back on his cock, trying to get him off as fast as I could. His moans only encouraged me. But he pulled out before I could finish him off. The black man backed away, as they pondered what to do with me next. 

The big man bent over and said, "Now eat my ass you nasty whore." I crawled over to him and stuck my tongue out. I was vigorously licking his ass, enjoying every minute of the control these men had on me. I was always in control and it was invigorating to have someone else control me for once.

I reached underneath and was fondling his balls with my hands. He told me to lie on the ground on my back. I complied and he proceeded to sit on my face. The blonde kid grabbed my legs and held up my ass giving it a good lick before letting me back down and thrusting his cock deep into my ass. 

The big man was rubbing his ass all over my face, then making me suck on his balls. I could not believe how much I was loving it. Every once in awhile the blonde kid would jerk on my cock for a minute, bringing me to the brink, but not letting me cum. 

When the big man finally let me loose, he said he wanted to fuck my ass next. He was lying on the ground before I knew it and I jumped on top of him and slid his cock into my ass. I leaned back and fucked him good. Riding him like a God damn bull!

The black man walked up straddling the big guy and slapped me on the face with his dick, telling me to suck it some more. I took it as deep as I could in my mouth. The look on his face only turned me on more. 

"Ahhhhh Fuck yes!" I could feel the cum filling my ass, as the big man underneath me screamed out. I was moaning so loud and my cock was just about to explode. By then both of the other guys had come over and I had a cock in each hand and one in the mouth.

The black man pulled out and said, "My turn to rip that ass apart bitch." He came up behind me and had no problem sticking two fingers in my ass and feeling the dripping wet cum of the last guy. He reached around and put his fingers in my mouth. "Eat that cum you cum whore."
