 Thursday night, we went out to see "Mad Max", which I liked but she didn't. It was kind of cool to have her on my arm, and we encountered a few people that either knew her or knew me. Some of them raised their eyebrows like "THOSE two are together?" but seemed to accept it. Operation Beard was working.

Dad bought the furniture Thursday and had it delivered the following day. On Saturday, I went thru my stuff and ended up with three piles: Dump, store, and move. After putting the "dump" stuff in the trash can and boxing up the "store" stuff and putting it with Lana's in her old room, I loaded up my car with what was left and went to her...I mean, THE apartment. I guess it was mine now, too.

Lana helped me unpack and put things away. I opened one drawer in the new dresser, but it already had clothes in it. I gave Lana a questioning look.

"That's Wilma's drawer," she said with a grin. I looked back in it...yep, it was all girls clothes: bras, panties, shorts, tube tops, nighties. Some of it I recognized as Lana's, but some was new. A few still had tags on them.

"Did you buy Wilma new clothes?" I asked.

"Not me!" Lana laughed. "Jake did. He said it was a welcome gift."

I was surprised. "Really?"

She sat down on the bed. "You're a hard act to follow, little brother," she laughed. "Jake doesn't even ask me to blow him any more. I hate to admit it, but you suck his dick better than I ever could."

I got concerned. "Are you sure you're ok with it? I don't want to cause problems between you and him," I said. Mentally, I finished with "...by sucking his dick and having him like it more than with you."

"Nah," she said, waving the question off. "I don't even like sucking dick that much. When it comes to oral, I'd prefer to lick a hot wet pussy. You're welcome to provide all of Jake's blowjobs for all I care."

"Does he know? About your girl-girl fling, that is?" I asked.

"Yeah, I told him," she answered.

"What did he say?"

"He didn't say one way or the other, but he was really inspired that night in bed. So, I'm guessing it turns him on."

"What would he say if it happened again?" I asked. "Or would it ever happen again?"

"I'm not ruling it out," she replied. "It's...different with a girl than a guy. With a guy it's more passionate, more physical...more 'fuck me harder'. With a girl, it's more touchy-feely, more teasing, more emotion. And, to answer your first question, with you sucking his dick he can't really complain if I want to do something with a girl now can he?"

"Point," I said, raising my finger. I was about to say something else, but was interrupted by a knock at the apartment door. Lana went to go answer it while I broke down the boxes I moved my stuff over in.

She returned a minute later with a very confused look on her face, with Amanda behind her. "Will, your...girlfriend?...is here."

Amanda walked up to me and kissed me, making Lana's confused face even worse. "Relax," I told Amanda, "she knows."

"Ah," Amanda replied. I put my arm around her and we both faced Lana. Explaining "Operation Beard" cleared up Lana's confusion.

"That's pretty fucking smart," Lana said, impressed.

I moved my arm in a flourish, ending with it pointing at Amanda. "Her idea," I said. "She's a lot smarter than me."

Amanda curtsied with a grin. I told them I'd be right back, then hauled the boxes to the apartment complex dumpsters. When I returned they were sitting facing each other cross-legged on my bed, talking and laughing.

"So I don't commit any more party fouls," Amanda asked me, "who knows about you?"

"You, Lana, Jake," I said, counting them off on my finger. "John at work. Paul, the guy you saw me 'flirting' with, he's a professor at Huntington. Another professor, Matt, at Huntington. Oh, and Matt's boyfriend whose name I forget. That's it."

"What's Paul's and Matt's last names?" Lana asked. "I might have taken their classes."

I was taken aback as I realized that I didn't know either of their last names. I gave her a helpless shrug.

Both Lana and Amanda laughed. "Jesus, Will, you're easier than I am," Lana declared. "At least I find out their last names before I sleep with them."

"Last names never came up," I said sheepishly.

"Too busy with other things that were 'up', huh?" Amanda asked with a smirk. I stuck my tongue out at her.

"So, what do they teach? Or did that not come up either?" Lana asked.

"Paul teaches English. I remember he said that Matt was the math department head."

"Professor Munson?" she asked. "Paul Munson?"

"I guess," I said, shrugging.

"Wow," Lana said. "Jake had him last year. I can see why you'd let him fuck you. He's really handsome. I'd let him fuck me, too."

"He's that hot?" Amanda asked Lana.

"Yeah, that hot and more. Didn't know he swung that way, though. It'd break a lot of college girl's hearts if they found out," Lana answered.

I scowled. "Uh, let's not make it public knowledge. I don't know if he wants it known or not."

"No, let's not," Lana agreed. "It might find a way to turn around and bite YOU in the ass."

The mood in the room had changed and had become more somber, and Lana got off the bed. "I need to do some laundry," she announced. "Don't do anything that I wouldn't do...not that there's much I wouldn't." She winked at Amanda, who laughed, then left the room.

Amanda stretched out on her side on the bed, resting her head on her arm. "We have a couple of hours before work...what do you want to do?" she asked.

"Are you hungry?" I asked. "We can go grab a bite to eat."

She shook her head. "Nah, not really."

"Me, either. I dunno, then. What do you want to do?"

She sighed. "A nap would be nice."

I laid down next to her, and put my arm over her. I guess it was a good idea, because the next thing I knew Lana was shaking us both awake. 

"You're gonna be late for work," she cautioned. 

I threw on my Burgerstack uniform and drove Amanda to her house and waited for her to change, then pointed the car to work. Our shift was uneventful, and having Amanda there really sped up the closing tasks. In less than half the time it normally took me, we were finished and walking back to John's office. He greeted us with a smile on, and nothing else.

"I wanna try something," he said to us. He told Amanda to take her pants and panties off, then lifted her onto his desk. She understood what he wanted, and laid back onto his desk with her legs dangling off. Immediately, John lowered his face to her pussy, and I could hear her moans as John's tongue danced across her pussy lips and clit.

This presented a problem for me. There wasn't much room between the desk and John for me to slip between to suck his dick. After trying three or four positions, I stood up frustrated. Amanda's eyes were closed, and she was squeezing her tits together as John continued servicing her pussy.

"This isn't working," I said, a bit grumpily. Amanda opened her eyes and saw how frustrated I was. "What do you need me to do?" she said, a bit out of breath.

I thought for a minute, then an idea formed. "Move to the floor," I said. John pulled back and helped Amanda off the desk, then she moved around and laid on the floor.

"No," I said, "not you. John."

Amanda got a wicked smile on her face. "I see where you're going with this." She got up, and pointed for John to lay on his back. As soon as he did, she straddled his face and lowered her pussy back to his mouth. As she did, I crawled between his legs and took his hard cock in my mouth. Much better.

It was very erotic. I could look up and see her grind her pussy on his face and feel his cock throb in my mouth because of it. I started taking him fast and deep as as his cock throbbed more.

Amanda went first. I heard that strange half-breathless huffing noise that she did when she orgasmed and saw her really grind her pussy hard on John's face. It must have been the last straw for John; he started spewing in my mouth almost immediately after. I had him a bit too deep, and his cum spurted right down my throat. I choked but recovered quickly, immediately sucking him harder trying to pull the cum from his balls out through his dick.

Amanda slowly fell off of John, ending on the floor next to him. "Daaaaaaamn," she said happily. I pulled John's shrinking dick from my mouth, gave it a lick on the tip to get the last pearl of cum there, then rolled away from him. All three of us laid there for a minute, catching our breath.

John was the first to get up, walking around behind his desk and pulling his clothes on. I stood up...of the three of us, I was the only one who didn't disrobe at all. Amanda slowly got up and put her panties and pants back on while I waited patiently.

"Uh, I've got some bad news," John said as he fastened his belt. "We'll have a guy from corporate here next week. So we have to put this on hold until after he's gone."

Amanda pouted, but there wasn't anything we could do about it. Amanda and I clocked out, then I hefted the trash to the dumpsters. When we got in my car, she asked, "Can I crash at your place tonight? I really don't feel like going home."

"Sure," I said. I started the car and we pulled out.

On the drive to the apartment, she said, "You don't get off with guys?"

"I, uh, usually do with Paul when he fucks me," I admitted. "Usually a couple of times, come to think of it."

"But not with John?" she continued.

"No."

"So how do you..." Her voice trailed off.

I laughed nervously. "I'm a guy. I jerk off when I get home," I admitted. "I mean, after sucking him off I'm so turned on that it doesn't take very long."

The rest of the drive was in silence. The apartment was dark when we got there, Jake and Lana were already in bed. Quietly, we made our way to my room. I stripped down to my underwear, figuring she wouldn't mind. Plus, I hadn't had pajamas since I was 12.

Amanda stripped down to her bra and panties. As she did, something occurred to me. I went to the dresser and pulled a nightie out of Wilma's drawer. "Would you prefer this?" I asked, holding it up for her.

"Sure! It beats sleeping in my bra," she said, taking it from me. As she took her bra off and put the nightie on, she smiled and said, "Why do you have a nightie? You got another girl on the side? Should I be jealous?"

"Oh, that's Wilma's," I said, leaving it at that.

"Wilma? Ok, now I AM jealous," she laughed as she climbed into bed.

I turned out the light and crawled into bed next to her. As she settled against me, her head on my shoulder, I explained to her about how Lana and I used to play dress-up as kids, and how she'd tricked me into dressing up so she could see me suck Jake's dick. I further explained that part of the agreement for my staying with them was that "Wilma" would visit occasionally.

"I think I'd like to see you dressed up," she said.

I yawned. "Next time she comes by, you can help her get ready," I promised. I closed my eyes.

"Aren't you going to...you know, get off?" she asked quietly.

"I, uh, didn't, er...well, not in front of you," I said.

Her hand searched and found my hand, then moved it to be atop my dick. "Go ahead," she whispered.

I felt uncomfortable doing it with her right next to me. Still, I did have half a hardon from having John in my mouth earlier. I pulled my dick out of my underwear and started stroking it. Her hand rode atop mine, guiding it.

I got fully hard in no time, but no amount of stroking got me close. It usually only took a minute or two when I was by myself, but with Amanda in bed with me it was difficult.

I finally stopped stroking it, and pulled my hand away. "I don't think I can," I admitted to Amanda. 

She pulled away from me, then slid under the covers. In a moment, she had her hand on my dick and I felt her lips slide over the head.

"Hey!" I said, trying to pull her off. 

She pulled the tip out of her mouth and said, "Pretend I'm John or whatshisname...Paul," she said, then slid her lips down me again. The sensation was incredible. The only other person that had sucked me was Matt's boyfriend (why couldn't I remember his name???), and Amanda's mouth felt as good as his. Better, actually...her soft lips were a distinct improvement over the last time.

I fantasized about having Paul on top of me, his hard cock ramming itself into my ass over and over again. That did the trick...within a minute, I exploded into her mouth. I felt her swallow, and with the sensation I understood why John liked it when I did it with him. Once my pulsing dick slowed and stopped, she pulled me from her mouth and resumed her position next to me. Then she raised up and kissed me. I could taste my cum on her lips, and it made my spent dick throb one more time.

"Maybe you're not gay," she said in the dark, putting her head on my shoulder. "Maybe you're bisexual."

"Maybe," I replied. I didn't tell her that I got off because I was thinking about Paul roughly fucking me. 

I heard her breathing slow and become more regular, and a minute after she fell asleep I did also.

The next morning, she gently shook me awake. I cracked an eye open, and saw that she'd already gotten dressed back in her Burgerstack uniform. "Get up, sleepyhead," she smiled. "I need you to run me home so I can take a shower and get some clean clothes on."

"What time is it?" I mumbled.

"A little after seven," she said.

"Are you coming back here?" I asked, closing my eyes again.

"That's the plan," she said.

"Take my car. Keys in pants pocket," I said. 

"Wow," she said, giggling. "Big step in our relationship, letting me take your car."

Without opening my eyes, my hand found her pillow and threw it in the direction I thought her voice was coming from. She laughed, then I heard the keys jangle as she pulled them from my pants on the floor. I dozed back off.

When I woke up (again), I put my pants on and wandered out of the bedroom. As soon as I did, I could smell bacon. My stomach growled, and I followed my nose to the kitchen. Amanda was at the stove, the source of the delicious smell. Lana was sitting at the table eating.

"Good morning, little brother," Lana said brightly. Amanda turned away from the stove and blew me an air kiss, then turned back to attend to the bacon.

"Ugh," I said. "It's too early to be this cheerful."

"Early?" Amanda said. "It's almost ten."

"Oh, god," I moaned. "My girlfriend is a 'morning person'."

"Morning person, day person, night owl," she said. "I never needed much sleep."

"That's it," I growled. "I'm breaking up with you."

Amanda walked from the stove to the table holding a plate. Setting it on the table, she said, "Sit. Eat." I sat down and looked at the plate...eggs, bacon AND sausage, and toast. "Forget what I just said," I said around mouthfuls of food. "You're a keeper."

I quickly demolished breakfast and washed everything down with a glass of orange juice. I sat back, my belly happily full, and stretched. "So what's the plan for today?" I asked the room in general.

"It's Sunday and Jake is volunteering at a church, so I'll probably go with him," Lana said.

"Jake? Church? I didn't think he was particularly religious," I said.

"He's not," Lana replied. "He thinks it'll look good on his resume after he graduates."

"Ah." I turned to Amanda. "And you?"

She grimaced. "I almost made it back out of the house before Mom saw me. She wants to 'talk'. So, I thought I'd go home and get my 'Stern Talking To' about the dangers of spending the night at my boyfriend's place over with."

"I can take you home," I told her, "then come back here and do some laundry." I'd been doing my own laundry since I was 15, and Sunday was traditionally my day for the washer and dryer. 

Lana stood up and put her plate in the sink. "There's quarters in the jar on the counter, and detergent under the sink. You know where the apartment laundry room is?"

I nodded. "I saw the signs pointing to it," I said. 

I turned to Amanda after Lana left the room. "Whenever you're ready," I said.

"I probably should do the dishes," she fretted.

"Nah, you cooked. I'll clean up," I said.

When I dropped her off at her parents home, I surprised her by leaning over and giving her a kiss before she got out of the car. She said, "Still selling it?"

"That, plus a thank you for breakfast. And last night," I said.

She glowed a bit at my comment. "You're welcome." She got out of the car and I waited until she was in the house before returning to the apartment. I did the dishes, then collected my dirty clothes into a laundry bag and walked over to the small laundromat at the adjacent building. It was small...three washers, three dryers, a table you could fold your clothes on, a door to a small bathroom and a row of chairs along the back wall.

I barely had enough for one load, and got the machine going. I didn't want to leave as I'd heard stories about people getting unattended clothes stolen. I sat in one of the chairs, wishing I'd have brought a book. 

About a minute into the wash cycle an older couple, probably in their late 50's or early 60's, came into the laundry room. The woman smiled at me, then they loaded up two of the washers. They had a brief conversation that I couldn't make out, then the woman left. The man came over and sat down in a chair a few over from me.

"Now we wait," he remarked, half in my direction and half in general. "I see you managed to avoid church with your wife, also."

"Not married," I replied. "Have a girlfriend but we don't live together, so it's all my stuff."

"Ah, young and carefree," he laughed. "It's been decades since I had that. Still, sitting here watching the clothes go 'round and 'round is much better than listening to that damn preacher drone on for hours. My wife enjoys it, but it bores me to tears."

I shrugged, not ever having been much of a church-goer. The last time I was in a church was at my cousin's wedding when I was 12.

"The thing that gets me," he continued, "is that the same people you see carousing at the bars on Saturday night are the ones sitting next to you in the pews on Sunday morning. Damn hypocrites."

I chuckled, not having anything to contribute to his line of conversation.

He stuck out his hand. "I'm David, by the way."

I shook it. "Will. I just moved in with my sister and her boyfriend in the next building over."

"Nice to meet you, and welcome," he replied. "We've been here six or seven years. It's not a great place, but definitely affordable."

We lapsed into silence until my washer spun to a halt. As I was taking my load out of the washer to transfer it to the dryer, the machine next to mine spun down and he came over to it. I turned to carry the wet clothes to the dryer. As I did, I heard David say, "Uh...you dropped something."

I turned to see him grinning, holding the frilly pair of panties I'd worn when I'd dressed as Wilma for Jake the last time. I felt my face burn red. I reached out and tried to pull the panties from his grasp but he didn't let them go until I tugged three or four times. I put my wet clothes in the dryer, dropped some quarters in, then turned and walked back to the chairs. I avoided his gaze the whole time.

I realized that I should have said something, said they were Amanda's or some other lie. I don't know why I didn't. After a minute, he came back to the chairs and sat down next to me. He patted my leg with his hand.

"Hey, to each their own, right?" he said. "How long have you been dressing as a woman? Or is it just the panties? Are you wearing panties right now?"

I was pleasantly surprised that he wasn't disgusted or condemning me. His hand remained on my leg as I nervously replied, "I've only done it a couple of times," I replied. The feeling of his hand on my leg was getting me horny. He had big hands, and it made me wonder how big his cock was.
