 The summer after I graduated from college, I needed a job, just until I started grad school in the fall. I didn't really have a lot of qualifications, and my short time frame ruled out a lot of options. So I applied for every job I could possibly do, and that's how I ended up at the offices of Mecham Construction. They had posted an ad for a Foreman's Assistant, and the main qualifications were a good attitude and an ability to follow instructions. I figured what the hell, a zillion guys would probably apply, but I might as well give it a shot.

My interview was set for 1:00, and I arrived a little early. Their office was one of several in a row, with parking in front. It was like a strip mall, but with no stores, only offices. I went in and introduced myself to the secretary, Janice, who was seated behind a desk, working at her computer. She told me to have a seat, picked up her telephone, and said, "Mr. Mecham, David Bailey is here for his interview."

I waited a few minutes, then Mr. Mecham came out and showed me into his office. I was relieved to see that he was dressed casually. I wasn't too sure how to dress for this, so I had just worn Dockers and a nice polo shirt. He took his place behind the desk, I sat in the chair facing him, and we started. He asked a few creampuff questions -- did I have any trouble finding the place, did I have any experience in construction, did I understand that this job might only last a few months.

He explained that the job was really simple, just a matter of running errands for the foreman and taking care of the needs of the crew. I asked what that meant, taking care of the crew, and he threw out a bombshell.

"You ever sucked another guy's cock?"

Whoa, where did that come from? "No," I replied, but I was beginning to get the picture.

"Could you if your job depended on it?" he asked.

I hesitated, wondering if I could. I've thought about what it would be like, I've even done it in fantasies. Could I do it in real life? "Yeah," I said, finally, "I think I could."

He got up from his chair, walked around the desk, and stood in front of me. "Show me."

Holy shit, I thought, he wants me to give him a blowjob before he'll even consider me for the job. Then I remembered my fantasies, and decided this was my chance to see what I was missing. I reached out and ran my hand over his fly. He was already hard, and as soon as I touched his cock I knew I was ready. I undid his belt, unzipped his fly, and pulled his pants down around his knees. He was wearing boxers, and his cock poked out through the opening. I wrapped my fingers around it and stroked it a few times. Mr. Mecham let out a moan, and a drop of precum formed on the tip. I leaned forward and licked the slit, getting my first taste of another man's juices.

Mr. Mecham stepped back and took off his clothes, then held his cock up to my lips and said, "Suck it, David. Show me what you can do."

I took it in my mouth, just the head at first, and began running my lips and tongue over the crown. I wasn't too sure what to do, but he said, "Yeah, that feels good. Take it a little deeper, see how much you can take without gagging."

I managed about four inches easily, running my lips up and down his shaft, really starting to enjoy myself. "You're doing fine, David. Suck a little harder, and see if you can take it all." He was about six inches, I guess, so I still had another couple of inches to go. I sucked harder, like he said, and gradually was able to take more of his cock into my throat.

"Just relax your throat and let it in. Here, I'll help," he said, putting a hand on the back of my head and pushing his cock down my throat. The first time I gagged too soon, and he backed off and tried again. This time I felt his pubic hairs tickling my nose, he backed off again, and the third time my lips made it all the way to the base of his cock.

"Good job, David! I'm getting pretty close. Is it OK if I cum in your mouth?"

I couldn't really answer with his cock in my mouth, and I didn't want to stop sucking it. I guess that was all the answer he needed. He put both hands on my head and pumped his cock in and out of my mouth a few times. "Here it comes!" I felt his cock swell up and jerk between my lips, then he started to shoot his load. It was warm and thick on my tongue, and the taste was milder than I expected. I swallowed as he pushed his cock further into my throat and continued to pump me full of warm, fresh cream.

When he was completely drained, he stepped back from me and said, "Well, David, that was quite good for your first time. You'll get better with practice, I'm sure. Let's get dressed, and then I'd like to take you out to the site and let you meet Marcos and his crew. Marcos will be your real boss. I just sign the checks."

I had a feeling that Marcos was going to want me to demonstrate my abilities too. OK, fine! Once I got used to the idea of blowing Mr. Mecham, I actually enjoyed it quite a bit. And if that was what the job required, I'd better find out now if it was something I wanted to do the rest of the summer.

Mr. Mecham drove me to the job site in his Lexus, saying Marcos would bring me back to the office after I met the crew. It was about fifteen minutes before we reached the site. Mr. Mecham looked up Marcos, introduced me to him, then took off, leaving me with no way back except Marcos. That was fine by me. Marcos wasn't especially good looking, but he radiated a sexual energy that had me in his spell from the word go.

He showed me around the job site, five houses in various stages of construction. Next he proceeded to introduce me to his crew, starting with Eric. He and I shook hands and agreed it was nice to meet each other, then Marcos said to Eric, "I want to see David give you a blowjob. You got time?"

Geez, I'm thinking, these guys don't fool around. Eric just nodded his head and pulled down his pants and underwear. I got down on my knees in front of him and took his cock in my mouth. He wasn't hard yet, so I got another new experience, feeling him grow longer and harder as I sucked him. I know how ridiculous it must sound, but I felt a real sense of power, being able to have that effect on another man.

His cock was a little bigger than Mr. Mecham's, I think, but not that much different. He lasted longer, and I was starting to think I was doing something wrong. Then Marcos said, "Eric likes a finger up his ass, when you're ready for him to cum."

I put a finger in my mouth to get it slick with saliva, then went back to sucking him while at the same time I was feeling around for his asshole. I pushed my finger in gently, being careful not to hurt him, but Marcos said, "Give it to him good. The harder you work his ass, the sooner you get his load."

Gotta hand it to Marcos, he knew his workers. I started fingering Eric's ass as deep as I could reach, pumping first one then two fingers in and out, hard and fast. I worried that I was being too rough, but then I felt Eric's cock twitch and begin filling my mouth with another load of warm, sticky cream. I kept sucking him and fingering his ass until he pushed me away. "I get pretty tender after I cum," he said, apologetically. I swallowed the last of his load and thanked him.

"Well, David, so far so good," Marcos told me. "Let's go meet the other guys, and let Eric get back to work."

He led me over to a partially built house, where two guys around my age were working. They were both shirtless, wearing shorts and sneakers, and those leather tool belts that construction guys use. Their names were Kevin and Brian, they were both in their early twenties, both well tanned and smooth. Kevin had dark hair and features, Brian was a redhead with lots of freckles, especially on his back. I probably wasn't qualified to judge at that point, but I thought they were both pretty hot.

Marcos said, "Kevin and Brian were my co-assistants last summer. They worked out so well we decided to keep them on. Guys, why don't you all get naked. David, you can suck them both at once, but when they are ready to cum, I want them to give you a double facial. You know what that is, right?"

"I know what it is, but I've never done anything like that before."

"You'll be fine. It's just another way to do a blowjob. These guys are both big shooters, so I want to see them unload all over your face and onto your tongue. By the time you're done, you'll be dripping!"

I saw that Kevin and Brian were already undressed, and the sight overcame any doubts I might have had. They were both erect, hung bigger than either Eric or Mr. Mecham, and their bodies looked darn near perfect. I pulled off my clothes as fast as I could, and went to work. I sucked Kevin for a while, then Brian, then back to Kevin. As I continued going from one to the other, Kevin said, "Suck my balls a little while."

I did as he asked, then switched to Brian and sucked his balls. I knew they were both getting pretty close by then, but I wasn't sure how I was supposed to finish them. Kevin solved that problem for me. I was back to sucking his cock, taking him as deep into my throat as I could, when he backed away from me and started stroking himself. Seeing that, Brian followed suit, and they were both jerking off right in front of my face.

"Open you mouth!" Marcos yelled, and I did, just in time. A thick white glob came flying out of Kevin's cock and landed right on my tongue. Brian's aim wasn't quite as good. His first shot landed on my chin, and the second was right under my nose. From there on I couldn't tell you who shot what where, but by the time they were both finished my face was covered with warm, sticky goo. I managed to get a couple of good mouthfuls as well, and the guys let me clean them up. When I had licked up all the cum I could reach, Brian handed me a clean shop rag and I wiped my face off.

"You're doing great so far," Marcos told me. "Come over to the office with me and meet Carl. Don't bother putting your clothes back on yet."

I followed him to the "office," which turned out to be a small trailer with a kitchenette, a convertible couch, and a tiny bathroom. There was a black guy sitting on the couch, not bad looking, muscular, smooth, completely naked. He didn't have an erection, but even so his cock looked pretty big. He was older than the other guys I had met, maybe forty or so, about the same age as Marcos, younger than Mr. Mecham.

"Carl, this is David Bailey. He wants to be my assistant this summer, so I've been letting him get acquainted with the guys. Now, David, with Carl and me the bar is set a little higher. Nothing wrong with a nice blowjob now and then, but we both like to take it to the next level, if you know what I mean."

"Yeah David," Carl chimed in, "looks like you've got a nice tight little ass. Can't wait to get in there and see how it feels."

"Hey wait!" I exclaimed, "I've never done that. You guys are crazy! This job isn't worth putting my ass up for grabs."

"You never sucked cock before today either," Marcos said, "but you seem to be OK with that. Why not give this a try?"

"Yeah, man," Carl added. "We'll break you in nice and easy. By the time you leave here you'll be wishing you could take us home with you!" He patted the couch next to him. "Sit down, baby, let's get acquainted."

I guess I'm pretty easy. I took a seat next to him, he ran a hand over my shoulders and down my back, and I leaned into him, meaning to give him some head. "Let's give your mouth a little rest, dude. Just relax and let me take care of you."

He had me lie down on the couch, face down, and began running his hands all over my body. He rubbed my shoulders, my back, my ass, the back of my thighs, down my legs, then back up to my butt. He traced the crack with a fingertip, kneaded my buns, brushed a finger lightly over my asshole. I felt his weight shift, then felt his warm breath as he leaned in and ran his tongue up between my cheeks. That first time he barely touched my asshole, almost as if by accident. The next pass it was more deliberate, and he lingered just a bit. Little by little he zeroed in on my tight little pucker, relaxing it gradually so that, in time, he was thrusting his tongue deep into my ass, tongue fucking me. Another first for me, in a day of firsts, and I loved it. I actually started to want his cock inside me, wanted to see how it feels to get fucked.

He turned me on my back, lifted my legs up over his shoulders, and said something to Marcos about lube. Marcos handed him a bottle of clear liquid, and Carl squeezed some into the palm of his hand. He spread some around my ass, and slipped a finger inside, then squeezed out some more and coated his cock. I noticed with relief that his dick wasn't as big as I expected. Big enough, considering he was going to stick it up my virgin ass, but not huge. He held the tip against my opening and pushed. As soon as he met resistance, he pulled back, then went again. He did that a few times, getting in a little deeper each time, until my sphincter opened up and the head of his cock was inside me.

It was painful, though not as bad as I thought it might be. Carl said, "Just hold still for a minute, baby. Take a few deep breaths and try to relax." I did as he told me, and soon the burning sensation subsided, and I felt Carl's cock slide in further, though still not all the way. Just when I was starting to enjoy the feeling, Carl pulled all the way out. He applied more lube, then gave me his cock again. This time he slid in easily, and didn't stop until he touched bottom. God, what a feeling! My ass was completely full, his balls were brushing up against my body, and Carl was up over me with a big grin on his face.

"You're loving it, aren't you? Hold on, it gets better." He began fucking me in long, slow thrusts, pushing in as deep as he could go, then pulling almost all the way out. I didn't think it could get any better, when Marcos came up beside my head and put his cock up to my lips.

Geez, I almost forgot about Marcos, what with Carl keeping me busy. Marcos started feeding me his cock, and I was in seventh heaven, trying to suck his cock while Carl continued to fuck my ass. Marcos was hung the way I thought Carl would be. He had at least nine inches, and it was really thick. I took it as deep as I could, but I don't think I managed more than four of five inches.

Marcos said, "That's pretty good, David. My wife won't suck me at all. She says her mouth isn't big enough." His wife! God, I might have known. But then, why should I care? If she didn't want to suck his cock, I considered it a privilege. Then again, I started to think, he's going to try to stick that up my ass. I managed to take Carl, but Marcos might be another story. I got a weird feeling in the pit of my stomach, and I wasn't sure if it was nerves or excitement.

Right on cue, Carl picked up the pace, fucking me harder and faster, heading down the home stretch. I tightened my ass, or tried to, and that was enough to put him over the edge. I felt his cock pulsating inside me as he pumped my ass full of sperm. My cock felt like it could erupt on its own, and I wondered if that was allowed. Then the feeling passed, Carl pulled out, and Marcos was ready and waiting.

He had me stand up, and took my place on the couch, lying on his back. "I want you to sit on my cock. That way you can control how fast we go, and how deep. Just take your time and use plenty of lube. You'll be fine!"

I covered his cock with lube, enjoying the sensation as I slid my hand up and down the shaft a few times. I straddled him the way he showed me, held the tip of his cock against my entrance, and carefully lowered myself onto him. I did it the way Carl had, taking just a little at a time until the head was inside me. I felt some pain as my sphincter stretched to take him, then it subsided and I was ready for more. I slid down onto his cock, feeling myself filled with his big, hard tool. Marcos raised me up off him. "Get some more lube and go again."

I spread on a fresh coat and impaled myself on him. It felt even better now, and I began riding up and down his shaft, letting his cock probe deep into my ass. Once I got started, I didn't want to stop, and I rode him for what seemed like a long, long time. Marcos started playing with my cock. "Fuck me good, dude, I want to see you shoot your wad while you have my cock buried in your ass."

He put a little lube in his hand and began jerking me off. I couldn't hold back even if I wanted to, and soon I exploded, painting his chest white. I noticed that my asshole was contracting around Marcos's cock with every shot, and wondered how that felt. Then Marcos started to unload, holding my hips and pushing his cock deep into my ass. I could feel his cock throbbing as he gave me my second cream filling of the day.

Then, too soon, it was over. Carl handed me a warm washcloth and I cleaned up, first Marcos, then myself. We got dressed, and Marcos said, "I guess I better get you back to the office. Mecham will be waiting for us."

Driving back to the office, Marcos said to me, "You're pretty quiet. Are you OK?"

"Yeah," I said, "I'm great! I was just thinking. This morning I was this innocent little college guy, totally straight as far as I knew."

"And now you're this horny little cocksucker that takes it in the ass from complete strangers, right?" I just nodded. "Listen, David," Marcos said, "you're a newbie, OK? You decided to do a couple of things today that you never did before. Looked to me like you were having a pretty good time, actually. I think you could be a good addition to my crew, but if you wake up tomorrow and decide this was all a big mistake, it's cool. That's your choice."

Then we were at the office. We got out of the car, I thanked Marcos for everything, and we went inside. Janice was gone, and they had me wait in the front area while Marcos and Mr. Mecham talked. After ten or fifteen minutes, Marcos came out, wished me luck, and motioned me into Mr. Mecham's office. He was sitting behind his desk, so I sat in the chair facing him.

"Well, David, Marcos tells me you have a tight little ass. I'd like to see for myself. Take off your clothes this time. I still haven't seen you naked."

We both undressed, and Mecham came around in front of his desk. He ran his hands over my chest, then my ass. "Just rest your elbows on my desk. I'll get you lubed up and ready to roll."

He drizzled some lube between my cheeks, spread it around with his fingers, then shoved a finger up my ass. He wasn't as gentle as Carl had been. Maybe he figured that after Carl and Marcos, I was all loosened up already. He worked his finger in and out a couple of times, spreading lube on his dick at the same time, then got up behind me and held his cock against my asshole. He got it lined up just right and pushed it in with one powerful thrust. He went in all the way, balls deep, and even though he was much smaller than either Carl or Marcos, it seemed much more painful than it had been with them.

He settled into a steady rhythm, and soon the pain subsided and it felt good to be getting fucked again. He kept at it for another five or ten minutes, then I felt his cock expand and he began shooting his load into me. I tightened my sphincter around his cock, and it must have felt good. "Oh yeah, baby, milk it all out of me. God, David, you're turning into a regular little slut, aren't you!"

I guess I should have been embarrassed to be called a slut, but in fact I was kind of proud. Straight college guy in the morning, regular little slut before the day was over!

Mr. Mecham went to the small bathroom attached to his office, cleaned himself off with a towel, then tossed it to me. I cleaned up and got dressed. Mr. Mecham was back behind his desk, I sat down again, and he started in as if nothing had just happened between us.
