 This is not just a sex scene story but my concentration is on love so if what you are looking for is numerous sex scenes then this may not be the story for you. I hope you will like it and I do hope I get higher ratings. Thank you and enjoy.

*****

Ramon opened the door to the house shouting for his father. Ramon Castillo is an 18 year old high school graduate who lives with his father Ben Castillo and his brother, Eduardo Castillo. They lived near the sea shore where they had a little house. All he wished for was to get to a good university and start a new life with his family but his father was unemployed and his elder brother had a small shop which helped them. Ramon was gay though he had never been involved with anyone but had kissed a classmate in high school. His brother and father knew and they were okay with it. Aside from the kiss with a class mate, he was still a virgin.

"Ramon! What is going on with you?" He heard his father ask as he came to the small living room.

"I have got it." He said cheerfully.

"I don't understand what you are talking about." His father exclaimed.

"I have finally got the job." He said running to give his father a hug.

"That's good news my son." He heard his father say as he hugged him back tightly.

"But what kind of job is it?"

"I will be working at ding Martinez hotel as a waiter and a bell hop." He responded as he broke the hug.

"I am happy for you, son but can you handle it?" His father asked with worry in his voice. "Being a bell hop can be very stressful."

"I know, father but I just can't sit and do nothing." He answered putting up a smile. "This is the only job I could find and I know that it will be able to help us live better lives."

"I have already told you that I can provide everything for all of us." Ramon heard Eduardo's voice.

He quickly turned around and saw him coming from the room. He was tall, handsome, and muscular and the best guy he had ever known aside from his friend Mark who also worked at the same hotel he was starting work. Mark was even the one who helped him find the job at the hotel.

"I know that, Eduardo but just think about it. I will also be able to save some money for the university."

"What can I say?" Eduardo sighed. "You already got the job and you can't quit now."

"Thank you so much for understanding." Ramon said as he smiled at his brother.

His father and his brother were his strength and he loved them so much. His mother had died when he was only 11 and his brother took the role of a mother in his life. Though he provided most of the things, he didn't have money to send him to the university. Ramon's dream was to go to the university and just get his father and brother out of poverty. He knew that his dream would be achieved one day and he hoped that the day was really near.

After supper that night, Ramon went to his room early because he didn't want to wake up late and go to work late on the first day. That would create a bad impression on his employers. He was so happy that he had finally found a job and that too in one of the most famous five star hotels in the country, owned by Marcos Martinez. He never knew him personally but he had heard and read about him. Marcos Martinez was the son of a business tycoon, James Martinez. They all lived abroad but they operated their businesses in the country.

Ramon fell asleep wondering how his first day at work would be.

******

The first day at work was great. When he had arrived, he was given a uniform, key card to all the rooms and introduced to all the staff at the hotel. Most of them were nice but some showed immediate dislike in him especially the house keeping supervisor, Mr. Williams who gave him the creeps. After the introduction, Mark showed him around the hotel and he immediately began his work. There was a little change though. Instead of being a waiter, he was to be a room attendant.

He went home really tired but he acted strong when he reached home. The next day he was really tired but on the third day, he got used to it and it was now part of his life. A week past and he was already familiar with all the places in the hotel. The entire guests used to be nice to him and some of them used to tip him as well for his great work, they said.

A week later, there was an emergency meeting at the hotel. Everybody was rushing to go to it and Ramon had no idea what it was about but he was about to find out.

"I have called this emergency meeting because Mr. Martinez is arriving here this evening." The manager said.

"His family is coming back for good in the country. But he will be coming back earlier than them to prepare a few things for their arrival so I want you all to be here so that we can welcome him warmly."

While the manager was still talking, he could hear some girls chattering to each other about Mr. Martinez but he never paid attention because he couldn't care less if he came or not. He only saw him in magazines and he was probably some jerk just like those other rich young guys.

"One more thing," The manager shouted with excitement in his voice. "He will be staying at this hotel and we may have him around for quite some time before he buys a house."

There were cheers all over the room especially from girls who were ready to throw themselves cheaply at Mr. Martinez.

"Some of you here will be cleaning and decorating his room." The manager added as the room was filled with more cheers.

Finally the meeting was dismissed and everyone went away chatting with each other about the coming of Mr. Martinez. The whole day, the only topic people were talking about was the coming of the boss and to be honest, Ramon was really getting tired of it. He was glad his shift ended in the late afternoon and he went home though many of his colleagues insisted he stays to welcome Mr. Martinez but he was not interested so he cooked up an excuse and the manager gave him permission to go home.

*****

Ramon was busy chatting with Mark in the afternoon after he had some free time. Mark was busy telling him about how handsome and sexy Mr. Martinez was. From all indications, it was clear that he was crushing on him.

"Don't let anyone hear you." Ramon whispered to him. "You might land yourself and me into trouble."

"There is nothing wrong with a compliment." Mark replied. "I am just telling you what I saw."

After saying that, he burst into laughter. It was not long before Ramon saw the house keeping supervisor coming in their direction and he was really close. Ramon wondered if he had heard what Mark had just said because if that was the case then they were in serious trouble. Ramon just stood there courageously pretending that everything was all right.

"Ramon!" The housekeeping supervisor shouted as he drew near.

"Yes, sir," He replied.

He came there and just looked at them like he knew what they were talking about.

"Is there any problem, sir?" He asked.

"Go and clean Mr. Martinez's room immediately." He replied. "It's room 567."

"Yes, sir," he nodded.

Seriously, couldn't he have found someone else to clean the room? It was always him. Why did Mr. Williams like assigning him even when there were others? But it was his job and if what Mr. Williams wanted was to have him fired then he had to follow his instructions in order to avoid that.

He took all the equipments he needed and some extra towels and put them on a trolley and left for Mr. Martinez's room. He went into the elevator and soon found himself at room 567. He knocked on the door but there was no answer. He knocked again but still no answer and he assumed that Mr. Martinez had left early. This was a great opportunity because he would clean the room without him being in there. He took out his key card and opened the door. The room was beautiful and it had three couches and a small table where there were used plates and a cup. He cleared everything and cleaned the small living room and went to the bed room. He made the bed and decided to clean the bathroom first before returning to cleaning the whole room properly.

He went to the bathroom door and opened it when all of a sudden he froze. The steamy water was running and Mr. Martinez was in the shower naked. Ramon's eyes met with Mr. Martinez's eyes and he got scared. He was standing in the shower looking straight at him without saying anything. Ramon turned and run away from the bathroom. He quickly got all his stuff and left the room riding the trolley like a crazy person. He went to the elevator and it took long to open but as soon as it opened, he went inside and went downstairs sweating all over. He did not know what Mr. Martinez's reaction would be. It would even cost him his job.

"You look like you've seen a ghost." Mark asked him when he got to the store room. "Are you okay?"

Ramon couldn't answer him because he was too busy thinking about what Mr. Martinez would do and worse how Mr. Williams would react.

"Hey!" Mark yelled.

"Y...Yes" he exclaimed.

"What is wrong with you?" Mark asked suddenly grabbing his hand.

"I... I am fine." He stammered.

"No you are not." Mark added. "Remember that you are talking to someone who knows you better than you know yourself."

Mark was right. Ramon couldn't hide anything from him since they have been friends since childhood.

"Something happened when I went to clean Mr. Martinez's room." He sighed as he felt hot. "I thought he was not in the room but then I saw him in..." 

"Where did you see him?" Mark asked worriedly.

"He was in the shower."

"In the shower," Mark shouted excitedly.

"Hey! Keep it down." Ramon said as he covered Mark's mouth. "This could land me in trouble."

"Tell me, did you really see him naked?" Mark whispered. "Did you see his...?"

"I turned immediately and left." Ramon assured. "I am really scared. This could cost me my job." He said as a tear run down his face.

"Don't be sad." Mark said as he rubbed his tear. "I am sure he is not that heartless. You are a guy and so is he. You didn't do anything wrong."

"I hope you are right because I am really scared here."

"Don't worry." Mark said. "Now give me a smile."

Ramon put up a fake smile while his heart raced and his whole body was sweating. He just hoped that Mr. Martinez wouldn't say anything to the housekeeping supervisor because he would be fired before he even gets the chance to say anything.

"Ramon!" He heard Mr. Williams' voice. "Ramon!"

He came closer to him and he was looking so angry.

Oh God, was this it?

"What did you do in Mr. Martinez's room?" He asked furiously.

Ramon's eyes watered from just hearing Mr. Williams' question.

"He wants you in his room in 60 seconds." He added.

"60 seconds?" Ramon exclaimed.

"Your time is running." He said as he glanced at his watch. "Now it's 50 seconds."

Without wasting any more time, Ramon began running towards the elevator while his heart raced like a running train. He didn't know what Mr. Martinez wanted to do to him or say. He pressed the elevator button and it quickly opened and he climbed in. He later found himself knocking on the door but there was no answer. He used his key card and let himself in.

He entered the room slowly letting his fear get the best of him. He saw Mr. Martinez seated on the couch with his legs on a table wearing only a towel around his waist. He went to him and just stood there waiting for him to pass his judgment but he was just looking at him with a serious face.

He had a handsome face which was well curved and clean shaven beards which were on his chin. He had green eyes which seemed to sparkle when Ramon caught a glimpse of them. He had hair on his chest which got lost when they reached the towel. In other words, this man was perfect in every way but Ramon was too scared to even care.

"Are you the boy who was in my room earlier?" He asked in the deepest and sexiest voice he had ever heard from a man.

"Yes, sir," He answered as he felt the blood pass through his ears.

Mr. Martinez was just looking at him without saying anything further. Ramon didn't know what was going through his head and he got ready to receive anything.

"Take your clothes off." He said while looking at him.

Did he just tell him to take his clothes off?

"Uh," Ramon gasped.

"I said, get off your clothes." He said as he played with his fingers.

"Why, sir." He bleated.

"I want us to get even." He replied as he stood up. "You saw me naked earlier so it will only be fair if I see you naked."

"I'm so sorry that I came to the bathroom when you were showering." Ramon pleaded. "But believe me sir, I never saw anything."

"You may try to defend yourself but I don't have the time. Now, strip." He demanded.

"I am really sorry, sir." He begged. "But I am afraid I can't do that."

Mr. Martinez was standing really close that Ramon's face was close to his chest.

"I am ordering you to take your clothes off." He insisted. "No one has ever disobeyed me. Especially my workers so if I were you I would do it quickly."

Ramon's heart was beating so fast that he could hear its beat. 

Was he ordering him to take his clothes off? It was never going to happen.

"I can't do that sir."

Like a flush, Mr. Martinez had his arm around Ramon's waist and brought him closer with a firm grip on his waist. Their faces were so close and Ramon could feel Mr. Martinez's breath on his face.

"Many men would have jumped at the opportunity of getting naked in front of me." He whispered seductively. "It comes with a lot of benefits and I may just award you greatly or promote you. That is if you satisfy me with your sweet little..."

Before Mr. Martinez could finish his sentence Ramon released himself from his grip. He didn't want to hear how the sentence would end because he knew what was coming next. It was all so clear to him. It only meant that Mr. Martinez was gay. What was hurting him was the fact that he thought Ramon could satisfy him sexually. His eyes watered at the thought of it. Just because he was gay didn't mean he never believed in love. It was people like Mr. Martinez that thought gay people were only good for sexual satisfaction that made gay love difficulty but he was never going to give it to him.

"I am not like those men, sir." He exclaimed. "I am very different from those men. I have so much respect for my body. I know that I am poor but I wouldn't engage myself in something as disgusting as that just for my benefit."

He was right after all. Mr. Martinez was a jerk and he wished he hadn't met him because then he wouldn't be hearing these painful words from him.

"I am your boss here and I have the power..."

"With all due respect, sir," He said quietly. "I am not interested in your offer. You should try other men who would be interested in it."

Mr. Martinez was standing there looking at him with the look of a jerk and all Ramon wanted to do was leave the room before anything else happened because he was not sure of what Mr. Martinez was capable of.

"If you don't mind, sir," He begged. "Excuse me."

Ramon turned and left the room leaving Mr. Martinez standing there looking puzzled. He couldn't believe that Mr. Martinez was gay and desired to have sex with him on their first meeting. 

While he was in the elevator going to the reception he couldn't even think properly. He didn't care if Mr. Martinez fired him for refusing to have sex with him. He was prepared for anything. He tried to make himself look calm in order to avoid questions especially from Mark who read his mind. The elevator opened and he put up a smile to look fine.

******

Marcos just stood there still trying to come to terms with what had happened. For the first in his life, he was rejected and that too by a common room boy who works in his hotel. This had never happened before. This young boy was the only one who had the guts to reject his offer. He would have even offered him a promotion which would have benefited him but he still refused.

24 years old Marcos Martinez, a well known gay play boy rejected for the first time in his life by a common room boy. He was not going to settle for that and whatever it costs him, he vowed to have that boy in his bed.

To be honest the boy was really handsome. He had a very handsome hairless face with deep blue eyes which seemed to sparkle when he glanced in them. His dark hair made his face look even more handsome. Even in the uniform, he was looking really handsome and this turned him more.

He wanted the boy in his bed, screaming his name and moaning loudly as he shoved his big fat dick in his tight hole. He wanted to make the boy moan and cry at the same time while he pleasured his dick with his tight hole. He wanted to show him that he was the king of domination and what Marcos wants, Marcos gets.

He really liked them when they played hard to get. It turned him on more and made him extremely horny. Whatever it takes he was going to have that boy in his bed. He was the kind of person who never took no for an answer. I mean come on, he was super rich and he wouldn't let a young boy like that reject him. It was payback time.

Marcos went back to the wardrobe and got dressed quickly. He wore the tightest jean and a vest which he though made him look sexier. He went back to the couch to think about how he would quicken his moves to have sex with the young boy.

Marcos was openly gay and all his family members knew about. He had an older brother Barry who was like his shoulder and his twin sister Madison who loved him like crazy. All of them worked in their father's company. His mother and father had always insisted he settle down just like his brother but he wanted to live his life to the fullest. A guy needs pleasure not just from one guy but from many. He had a boyfriend but he wouldn't call him his boyfriend. He was just his childhood friend who his mother found for him as a boyfriend but he was not interested. He had sex with him numerous times but that was it. It was just sex with no strings attached. He was never into relationships and he never believed in love or relationships.

"I know what to do." He simpered as he quickly got up from the couch heading for the door.

He had just got a great idea that would make him have the boy. He was going to have his way with him whether he was interested or not. He was not the kind that gave up easily.

Marcos went to the Manager's office where he would execute his plans. He never knocked but just entered and found him busy with some documents. He let himself in and sat on the chair looking at the manager who was looking back at him as if he was about to say, "What the hell are you doing in my office?"

He did not care that he did not knock. Come on, why would he knock on his own property? He hired the guy anyway but he was not going to be disrespectful.

"How may I help you, sir?" The manager asked with a puzzled look.

"I am here to inquire about the boy who cleaned my room today." He answered with an, "I don't care smile."

"And who may that be, sir?" The manager asked him.

"I don't know but I thought you might know since you are his boss." He replied as he passed his fingers through his hair.

"I think Mr. Williams the housekeeping supervisor is the right person to give you that information." The manager answered with a smile. "Let me call him."

The manager picked up his office telephone and spoke to someone. Marcos didn't care who as he was too busy caressing his lovely hair which he adored.

"Did he cause any problems for you?" 

"What?" He answered trying to listen to what the manager had said. "Oh, no. don't worry he is not in any trouble at all."

He was not in trouble, yet but he would soon be in trouble with his dick. Just the thought of that made Marcos chuckle to himself and he found himself laughing.
