 Welcome to the second chapter of this story. I hope you will have fun reading it and do I hope I get a good rating. Enjoy....

******

Ramon reached the house and he could see that his brother was looking at him as if he suspected something was wrong. He tried to put up a smile but he knew that he was not going to fool his brother. This was not the time he usually came back from work. It was only past 3 pm and anyone would ask him why he was back so early in his uniform and looking so devastated.

"Hey!" Eduardo said to him. "What's up with you?"

"What do you mean?" He said with fear taking the best of him.

"Why are you back so early and in your uniform?" Eduardo asked as he got up. "And why do your eyes look as if you have been crying?"

Should he tell him or just cook up a lie? Eduardo was the kind of person who was hard to fool. Ramon knew that he would see right through him. But Eduardo was an over protective brother who would do anything for him and if he knew that Mr. Martinez attempted to rape Ramon he would definitely do something. The bastard deserved that but if Eduardo caused any problem he would be thrown behind bars and Ramon wanted to protect him.

"Hey!" Eduardo yelled. "Why are you quiet? Did something happen at the hotel?"

"N-no, nothing happened." He stammered.

"Then why are your eyes red?" Eduardo asked as he came closer.

"You know you can tell us anything, son." He heard his father who was quiet speak for the first time since he came home.

"It's nothing." He said as he tried to put up a smile.

"If he doesn't want to tell us father then I will go there and find out what really happened." Eduardo said as he began going away.

"Trust me brother it's nothing." Ramon begged him but he was still going.

"Please father, stop him." Ramon begged his father who was looking at him without saying anything.

"Your brother is just worried about you and if nothing really happened then you don't have to worry about anything."

"What if he causes some sort of trouble there?" He asked his father.

"If nothing happened then there will be no kind of trouble." His father answered.

Ramon ran to his brother who was busy going. It was either he told the truth or he causes trouble. If he went to the hotel he would find out that Ramon had quit and that would raise questions.

"Please, stop." Ramon begged as his brother stopped and looked at him.

"What are you trying to hide?" Eduardo shouted at him. "I am your brother and it is my duty to look out for your welfare. If there is really nothing wrong then there is no harm in asking right?"

Eduardo was really hard to convince and Ramon had no choice but to tell him the entire truth of what had happened.

"Please don't go," He answered quietly. "I will tell you what happened."

Saying that brought fear to him. He knew that the worst was not over as he still had to bring Eduardo to order after he tells him that Mr. Martinez attempted to rape him. Ramon took his brother inside the house and they both sat on the couch while he gathered the strength to tell his brother and father what really happened.

"We are listening." His brother said to him.

Ramon could feel tears building up in his eyes and he knew that everyone saw it.

"I have quit my job and that is why I am home." He mumbled.

"Quit!" His father asked. "Why did you quit and is that why your eyes are red?"

"No!" He sighed. "My boss tried to.............. Rape me." 

As he said that he could feel adrenaline rushing through his whole body and he was suddenly feeling hot.

"What!" His father shouted as he got up. "He tried to rape you?"

Ramon nodded as he couldn't bring himself to say any word.

"How did that even happen?" His brother yelled as he got up from the chair. "Isn't your boss that rich guy, Martinez or something?"

Ramon nodded and he began narrating the story of how it all started from the first day Mr. Martinez had come to the hotel. He narrated the entire story to them and his face was now wet with tears.

"And today he had almost succeeded in raping in me." He concluded.

"The nerve of that guy," Eduardo bellowed as he suddenly rose from the chair. "I am going to teach him a lesson which he will never forget in his life."

Eduardo was about to storm out of the house when Ramon had his arms wrapped around him.

"Please, don't do anything." He begged.

"And why should I sit and do nothing?" Eduardo shouted. "That man needs someone to show him that just because he's rich doesn't mean that he can just do anything he wants. He has to learn not to mess with you. He needs to know that you have me to protect you."

"But you might get into trouble." He begged. "Just let it go and he didn't succeed so let's just live peaceful lives."

"I don't care if I get into trouble but I must do this." Eduardo yelled.

This was what Ramon had feared and if he didn't stop his brother then there was bound to be trouble. He couldn't fight someone as powerful and rich as Mr. Martinez.

Eduardo managed to get Ramon's hands from his waist and he was about to leave when his father spoke.

"Wait!" He said quietly.

Eduardo stopped and Ramon was glad that his father did speak at the right moment or they would have had a lot to lose.

"Ramon is right." He said as Eduardo stood there looking confused.

"But father do you want us to sit and do nothing?" Eduardo tried to argue.

"He is a powerful and influential man and if we really want to live peacefully then we must let it pass. Let just thank God that nothing really happened to Ramon. I think it will just be better if we forget that this entire incident ever happened. Ramon has quit the job and therefore he will not see that man again. I think it's enough knowing that your brother is safe."

Ramon really loved his father. Instead of him reacting violently he still cared about the love and peace of the family and most importantly, the welfare of his sons. If he was like Eduardo, they would have been on their way to the hotel but he thanked his lucky stars he was a very wise man.

*******

Marcos just sat on the floor trying to figure out what had just happened. Did Ramon just reject him and worse he even pushed him when he wanted to give him pleasure. He couldn't understand anything that was going on. He had even failed to get up from the spot where Ramon had pushed him. This was it. 

He came to a conclusion that no matter what he did, he will never be able to have sex with Ramon. Even when he had thrown money at him he just stood there looking at him as if he had been insulted. But that was Ramon's loss and maybe he would try to do it when he comes back to his room. But right now he couldn't think properly. He needed someone to fuck.

He quickly went to the wardrobe, put on a t-shirt and left in a hurry to go and look for someone to fuck. He knew the right place to go, a gay bar. Though it was still daylight he had to find someone and there were still a few hours before night came so he went outside the hotel and drove off to a gay bar which he browsed online.

He drove so quickly and he later found himself at the gay bar after driving for an hour through town. He stood at the entrance and browsed through the whole bar for someone who would interest him and who would be a great catch to relieve himself from his horniness.

He browsed through the whole bar and saw a guy who was sitting alone with a glass of what looked like vodka. The guy was red haired, handsome, muscular and though he was sitting at the counter, Marcos noticed that he had a big bubble butt which was what he needed. He felt his dick get even harder at the thought of ramming his big fat cock into that big bubble butt and he knew that this was the guy who would help him out of his suffering.

He had his target and he began heading straight to him. He quickly reached his target and sat on a chair next to him on the counter.

"Is there anything you want sir?" The bar man asked him.

"Just vodka," He said with his eyes on his target.

The man stared at him and their eyes met and the man smiled at him seductively which made him even hornier. He gave him a quick smile and noticed that he was around his age. The man seemed very interested in him and he knew that it would be very easy to fuck him. After all, he was a play boy and knew exactly how to act. He winked at the man and he was smiling sheepishly.

His vodka came and he drank it all at once and it made him even hornier that his dick was hurting. He took out 50 dollar note and put it on the counter and moved to make his move on the man.

"Hey!" He whispered in the man's ear.

"Hey!" The man answered in a sexy voice.

"My name is Marcos and I am interested in you." He whispered back. 

"My name is Henry and I like you too." The man replied.

Why wouldn't he be interested in him? No guy whom he had ever approached had ever rejected him except for Ramon.

That was too easy and he was really going to fuck the guy till he cries. But he was really horny and wanted to fuck him there and then. It only seemed right to him to get relieved from this horniness he had been feeling for a whole two weeks he had spent at the hotel. He was saving it for Ramon but he was ready to release himself from this man's big ass.

Just like a flash, Marcos felt Henry's hand on his crotch massaging his cock through his pants slowly. This sent chills of pleasure through his entire body and he gave a low moan as he slowly massaged his cock. He didn't care if someone saw them or not. This was a gay bar and anything was bound to happen.

"Wow!" Henry said in a sexy voice as he licked his lips. "You are so hard and it is turning me on."

That voice added to his hard cock and it started getting painful and he needed some sort of relief.

"Would you be able to handle that?" He asked with a wink.

"I can handle anything." Henry answered.

Now they were getting somewhere with this conversation.

"Would you go with me back to my hotel?" He asked hoping the man wouldn't be able to refuse.

"Anything just for you because I want to feel that tool you are carrying in your pants."

Wow! This guy really knew the words to use on him. These were the kind of guys that really turned him on and the type that he really liked to fuck. This guy was ready to have his ass fucked and Marcos couldn't wait to hear him scream his name.

They got up to go to the hotel when all of a sudden he felt his bladder get full and he needed to release himself. He asked Henry were the men's room was and he quickly went there to take a piss but found it hard to due to his hard cock. After a few minutes of struggling he finally emptied his bladder and was about to zip up when he heard Henry's voice.

"You took long so I decided to come and check how you are."

Just Henry's voice was good enough to make his dick painfully hard again.

"I had a hard time trying to pee. My dick is just so hard."

"Would you like me to help you with that?" He asked.

Before Marcos could say anything Henry had his hands on his crotch massaging his big cock inside his pants and he couldn't take it. He really needed a blowjob before the actual fucking at the hotel and he was going to allow Henry to blow him. There was no one in the men's room so they both went inside a toilet and closed the door. Before Marcos had even settled, Henry unbuckled his trouser letting it fall to the floor. He was left with only a boxer and it was wet with pre-cum.

Henry kissed his boxer briefs and licked it sending him over the edge and he held his head urging him to continue. Henry slowly removed his boxer with his teeth and his member flung out hard and standing straight. He could see the surprise look Henry gave when he saw his dick and he could immediately see the look of lust in his eyes.

"Yummy." Henry said as he licked the head of his dick sending a feeling of pleasure throughout his entire body.

Henry licked his head and he couldn't help but moan to the pleasure Henry's mouth was giving him. He licked his head as he felt more pre-cum coming out from his dick. He took him in his mouth and that warm sensation on his dick made his whole body yearn for more. He knew he wouldn't last when Henry started working his mouth on his dick giving him a pleasurable feeling which he hadn't experienced since he came back. He could feel the pressure building in his balls and he knew that he was near. His moans increased not minding if there was someone hearing him.

"Yeah," He moaned. "Work your mouth on that dick. Make me cum."

Henry's mouth thrusts increased and Henry could feel his body vibrating in pleasure. He could feel pressure building in his balls and he knew that he was going to cum.

"I am coming." He said loudly as he moaned while Henry increased his pace. "I am coming, oh!"

He felt like that orgasm was about to take his entire strength but what happened left him speechless and scared at the same time. While he felt his dick releasing cum, everything suddenly turned white and it was very bright that he closed his eyes. He heard someone calling his name and when he opened his eyes, he saw Ramon smiling at him with the most beautiful smile he had ever seen in his life. 

Could an orgasm have led him into hallucinations? Why did he suddenly see Ramon smiling at him? He did not know what was going on but he knew that he was hallucinating and it would soon pass. But Ramon was still there smiling and he could still feel his cock release the last drop of cum in Henry's mouth.

"I love you." He heard Ramon say as he suddenly disappeared and everything went back to normal. "I love you so much."

Suddenly he felt very weak that he almost fell down if not for the wall which gave him support. He had never experienced such an orgasm in which he became weak. Not ever in his life had he experienced an orgasm like that and it could only mean one thing. Henry gave him the greatest blowjob he had ever had in his life but when he looked at him, he was looking so surprised and his eyes were wide open.

"That was one powerful blowjob." He commented with a smile.

But there was one thing which he couldn't understand. When he saw Henry, all the lust he had for him was no longer there. In fact, he felt dirty and irritated at what had just happened. What was going on?

For the first time in his life he felt worse that someone he just met had given a blowjob. This was really strange and a playboy like him wouldn't have cared but he had a feeling of guilt like he had done something really wrong or betrayed someone.

"What are you talking about?" Henry asked looking puzzled. "You have not even cum yet and your cock is now flaccid."

He looked at his cock and it was flaccid. He saw that there was no cum anywhere and he suddenly felt embarrassed that he was naked in front of a stranger. He quickly put his cock in his boxer and picked his trouser and smiled sheepishly.

So what he had felt was not an orgasm? Then what was that all about and why was he feeling so weak? He no longer felt the need to have sex and why the hell was he feeling so embarrassed at Henry who he was about to fuck? He didn't care about those questions but all he knew was that he had to get out of there while figuring out what had happened. He quickly dressed properly and opened the door to get out of the toilet before Henry touched his crotch and smiled seductively.

"Stop that." He yelled suddenly feeling angry at the thought of a stranger touching his dick.

He removed Henry's hand from his crotch and turned to leave before Henry quickly came in front of him and caressed his chest which felt really irritating.

"Hey!" He yelled. "Will you please leave me alone?"

"What's the matter babe?" Henry asked him.

"Look I know that I agreed to this but I am sorry I can't do this. I have to go." He said as he searched his pocket for some money.

He took an awful lot of money not caring what amount it was and gave it to Henry.

"I am so sorry for this but I hope this can cover up for all...... that." He apologized and stormed out of the men's room.

He quickly got of the bar to his car and drove off. It was already getting dark and he was not thinking straight. So many things were in his mind and his body was really weak. While driving he had to go out of the car to throw up and he threw up about thrice before he reached the hotel. As soon as he had gotten out of his car, memories of Ramon came to him especially the hallucination he had at the gay bar.

"I love you." Ramon's voice rang in his head and he was filled with emotions which he never knew existed. For the first time in his life he longed to be with someone. Not for sex or anything sexual but just to be in his presence talking, laughing, kissing, cuddling and just pleasing him. Those emotions got the best of him as he felt his first tear go down his face at the thought of what he had done to the same boy he wanted to be with.

Something strange was really happening to him and all he wanted to do was cry. He wanted to see Ramon to apologize for being such an idiot and he immediately found himself going to look him before he suddenly stopped in his tracks.

"What are you doing, Marcos?" He asked himself quietly. "After what you had done he is probably in shock."

He decided that it was best if he talked to him the following day when Ramon had finally rested and forgotten about everything. He weakly went to his room to rest and found himself on the bed trying to sleep and he quickly drifted off to sleep and soon found himself in dream land.

He was in places where he never knew and it was really strange. Then he was back to his room standing and looking really lost. Then suddenly he heard a voice which he recognized as his own.

"Are you still thinking about this?"

He looked and found someone who looked exactly like him dressed in black leaning to the wall smiling at him. To be honest the guy was looking really funny that he felt like laughing.

"Just accept who you are and continue with your life style."

He was so confused that he tried to ask who the guy was and why he looked exactly like him. No offence but the guy was looking really dumb in his black outfit.

"Are you going to sit and listen to that guy?" He heard another voice which he recognized as his own again.

He looked to the other side and saw another guy who looked exactly like him coming closer. He was dressed in white and looked really bright as he came near.

"Don't listen to him. What happened today was meant to happen. It was pre-destined to happen but you are the only one who can choose your path. I am only here to help you."

What was really going on here? Two guys who look like him and confusing him. He needs to say something in order to know exactly who they are. He was about to ask when he heard a flute being played badly that he felt like it was the worst music he had ever heard. He looked and saw another guy who looked like him dressed in yellow looking like a dummy. 

Seriously, another one, Where were these guys coming from and how many should he expect to come.

"I don't mean to sound rude but who are you, guys?" he exclaimed.

"Who are we?" The guy in black responded. "Are you that dumb? Can't you see that we are you?"

Okay, this guy was just rude.

"Never mind that guy." The guy in white said. "He has issues. Anyway I am the good boy in you and that guy in black is the bad boy in you and the guy in yellow as you can see is the dumb you."

Really! This was not funny at all. It was like they were making fun of him. But the guy was looking dumb and dressed stupidly.

"And what do you guys want from me." He asked.

"I don't know what they are doing here." The bad boy laughed as he came closer. "But I am here to remind you of how much fun we have been having and more fun to come your way if you listen to me."
