 Thank you so much guys and I would like to give you a warm welcome to the 7th chapter of my story. Hope this story brings me luck and I really hope you enjoy this chapter and don't forget to rate me, if you like the story. I will be looking forward to comments and votes. Enjoy...........

*****

Ramon was standing on the balcony of Marcos' house letting the wind blow in his hair making it rise. The wind felt refreshing as it hit his face. He closed his eyes and allowed the air to do its magic on the face and it brought him excitement. He has been coming to Marcos' house a number of times on the insistence of Marcos' mother. The woman has grown to like him in the last six months. Yeah, you heard it right, six months has passed since Marcos' mother accepted their relationship.

Ramon has spent a lot of happy times in those six months. He can still remember it well when he went home that same day to tell Eduardo about how Marcos' mother had apologized to him. Eduardo had been so happy but at the same time he had found out that his father had known all along that Marcos' mother had been hurting him. He could remember his father's words very clearly,

"I was eaves dropping on the conversation you and Eduardo had the night there had been a party at Marcos' house. I knew that something was wrong so I listened to your conversation and I was hurt deeply. Even that day you told your brother about the incident at the hotel, I heard you both."

Ramon couldn't believe that his father knew all along and he refused to say anything. Anyway, his father and brother had been so happy for him. The next day, Marcos' mother had invited him to the house and she had cooked him a scrumptious meal that was mouthwatering and tasty. 

He couldn't believe that a woman that was cunning to him could be so sweet and adorable. For the last six months, she has been so nice to him that she also bought him a lot of gifts even when he refused she still did. Wouldn't it be nice to have such a mother in law? Oops it's too early to think about that.

She has visited his house frequent number of times with Marcos and she got to know his family. What a sweet woman and the bad thing was that she was reminding him of his late mother and it always made him cry. 

She went out of her way to introduce him to all her friends as her soon to be son in law. The last six months had been so sweet. Madison was like a sister he never had, she talked sweetly and she even took him shopping. Dan was like a big brother and a great friend. All of them were just wonderful especially Marcos's father and Barry.

In those six months, they have had numerous sexual encounters almost daily. In Marcos' house, in his office, at the hotel, in the car, you name it. Ramon was now called the boss' boyfriend at the hotel and Marcos' office. Everyone knew about them and they were so happy together.

One funny thing had happened between them though. They were almost caught fucking by Ramon's father and brother. He could still remember it very well.

They had gone to Ramon's house and found no one at home so Marcos had grabbed him and slipped off his trouser and was fucking him on the chairs in the living room using spit as lube. They were actually moaning softly and were lucky enough the door had jammed when Eduardo came to open it. His heart had raced and he felt so scared. That was something that he never wanted to happen again.

Now he is here standing on the balcony after chatting in the living room with Marcos' family. Ramon could feel that someone was coming behind him and he didn't need to guess who it was because he knew that it was his crazy boyfriend, Marcos.

Marcos saw Ramon standing on the balcony and he was looking cute as the wind blew his hair back. Marcos had failed to understand why Ramon wanted to make his hair long and it was growing. It was now reaching his shoulder and it made him look younger than he was. At 18, Marcos was still the hottest boy he had ever met in his life. Marcos was now 25 years old; his birthday had been about a month ago, and his sister's birthday. 

They had a grand celebration and he received a lot of gifts but the greatest gift he received was Ramon and they had made love thrice that night. He was cool with Dan and they were like best friends together with Anthony and they did everything together. He was not that bad after all.

"Hey, sexy," Marcos groaned lustfully as he wrapped his hands on Ramon's waist. He was glad that he was now alone with Ramon after spending the whole afternoon with his family in the living room.

"I am really glad we are alone." Marcos moaned as he moved Ramon's hair to smell his neck. "I was missing you a lot."

"Hmmmm," Ramon moaned. "But I was just with you the whole afternoon."

"You know what I mean." Marcos went on as he kissed Ramon's neck sensually. "I just wanted to be alone with you.......kissing, cuddling, making love..." Marcos chuckled with lust in his voice.

"Well Mr. Marcos, aren't you tired of love making?" Ramon asked as he suddenly gave out a moan. He couldn't believe that Marcos was doing that to him and it felt so damn good.

"I can feel you are into it." Marcos laughed slowly as he run his tongue on Ramon's neck. "Won't you do it for poor Marcos?"

Ramon felt really weak when Marcos sounded so vulnerable and used the word 'poor.' He always got him with this and in all his life he wanted to please the man he loves so much and the man who has become part of his life since 8 months ago.

"Why do you always do this to me?" Ramon moaned as he felt Marcos licking his neck.

"Because I know you cannot resist that." 

So Marcos even knew what his pleas did to him and yet he always used the same techniques on him. Ramon could feel Marcos' hands moving from his waist to his thighs and he was slowly massaging them making him moan as he felt strands of pleasure in his legs all the way to his ass cheeks.

"But not here," Ramon moaned. "Everyone can see us from here."

Without getting a word from him, Marcos took Ramon's hand and led him from the balcony to his room and closed the door after they had entered. Ramon barely stood when Marcos unbuttoned his shirt and threw it on the floor. He quickly unbuckled his belt and was now standing in only his boxer briefs. 

Marcos stripped to his boxer briefs and now they were both standing in their boxer briefs. Marcos drew near and slipped Ramon's boxer letting his hard member flung to the open. Marcos quickly slipped off his own boxer and he was standing naked in front of Ramon with his monster pointed to Ramon. Ramon was filled with so much lust as he saw Marcos' huge cock. He just wanted to touch it, stroke it and suck it.

Before he even had the chance to say anything, Marcos picked him up and they found themselves in the shower. Marcos switched on the shower and the warm water was pouring on their bodies making Ramon's muscles relax. Marcos pinned him to a wall and was now kissing him. Their tongues felt really good as they rubbed against each other. Marcos was moaning in their kiss as he stroked Ramon's cock which made him squirm.

Without warning, the kiss broke and Ramon freed himself from Marcos' grip and he knelt down in front of Marcos' cock. He gave it a kiss making Marcos let out a quiet moan. He stroked it slowly and he could feel it getting harder in his hands. Man that was a big tool. He couldn't still believe that it was the same cock that has been fucking his ass.

He took out his tongue and began circling the cock as he felt Marcos squirm while he moaned in ecstasy. He slowly took it in his mouth and began sucking on it and he could hear Marcos' slow low moans which turned him on.

Ramon had Marcos' dick in his mouth and Marcos could feel the warmth of Ramon's mouth and it was making him squirm with pleasure as Ramon worked his mouth on his cock. It was such a magical and wonderful feeling as Ramon moved his mouth up and down Marcos' shaft. Marcos was sure that he wouldn't last long so he pulled out his cock and made Ramon face the wall while he knelt and began eating Ramon's ass. He worked his tongue in Ramon's hole making the boy squirm in pleasure as if he wanted to climb the shower wall.

The water made Ramon's ass easy to enter and Marcos ate that ass like a cup cake for minutes before he rose up and began sucking on his big fat nipples which he nipped as Ramon moaned in pure pleasure and ecstasy. Those low moans were turning him on and he soon felt his dick leaking pre-cum. 

Marcos couldn't take it anymore as he was so horny and wanted to make love to Ramon's ass so he took soap and rubbed it on Ramon's ass making it slippery. He positioned his cock at Ramon's hole and it entered swiftly making Ramon moan in pure ecstatic pleasure. Making sure that he remained deep inside Ramon, he moved Ramon forward and pinned him to the wall.

Then placing both his hands on Ramon's hips, Marcos began pounding into him relentless.

"Oh, shit," Ramon groaned and moaned as Marcos fucked him with deep, long, and erratic thrusts. Marcos fucked his ass as though it were the first and last time he would get the feel of that ass. Ramon loved every thrust as it hit that sweet spot which made him squirm.

"Oh fuck," Ramon grunted as Marcos pounded him deep and hard. He almost screamed out in pleasure as Marcos got his cock almost all the way out and then entering in with deep long thrusts battering his sweet spot, faster and harder, over and over again. With every thrust, he felt like he was going to pass out. The pleasure was just too much.

Marcos' mouth was on Ramon's neck, back, temple, licking, kissing, nipping and making Ramon to go insane with the pleasure he was giving him. Ramon could feel Marcos massaging his waist and it suddenly drove him insane.

"Oh fuck," Marcos moaned and grunted. "You feel so good."

Ramon's body was on fire as Marcos fucked his ass relentlessly. Every thrust brought a whole new feeling of pleasure and he felt the tingle along his spine and he knew that he was losing it.

"Marcos...." Ramon moaned as he moved his hips to meet Marcos' cock. Marcos' thrusts gained pace and Ramon could feel his kissing, nipping getting stronger and he knew that Marcos was about to come. His own orgasm was building like a volcano. He felt his cock swell up as it moved up and down the wall while Marcos fucked him with long, deep thrusts that made him squirm. He knew that he was going to shoot his own load. "Marcos....."

"I know baby. I can feel it too." Marcos whispered as he wrapped his mouth on Ramon's shoulder. Ramon could feel the hot jizz flooding his ass just as he shot his own orgasm. He could feel Marcos breathing heavily on his neck as he shot in Ramon's ass. 

As Marcos released the last drop in his ass, both of them were breathing like they had just come from a war. Words were not important as both men chuckled in pleasure and kissed sensually. The intensity of emotions sweeping through the both of them was overwhelming.

Marcos pulled out and gently kissed Ramon's back while a load of cum moved from his ass to his legs which felt warm as it took a slide on his thighs. It didn't take long and the water washed away cum from his thighs and the wall.

"That was incredible." Marcos moaned after he had pulled out. 

Ramon felt his head spinning fast from the great fuck he had received from Marcos. His whole body was tired and he felt weak in the knees. He turned around and was now facing Marcos who was now giving him a mind blowing kiss that left his lips swollen. Ramon really loved Marcos and he wanted more of him as days went by. Marcos was a part of his life that was really important.

A few minutes later, they found themselves in the hot tub. Marcos was holding Ramon in the hot tub and he was feeling tired after that session of love making. He felt excited as Ramon sat between his thighs, resting his head on his chest and he could feel his cock rubbing on Ramon's ass but he behaved himself and they stayed like that for over an hour before they both realized it was late. It was a wonderful and mind controlling feeling as they sat in that bubble of water caressing each other.

Ramon felt like he was about to go to sleep but he knew that it was not a good idea to sleep. He had to go home because he had spent almost the entire day at Marcos' house and the fact was they left the living room long ago. It was obvious that the people in the house were probably wondering where they were.

Ramon quickly got out of the hot tub and went to Marcos' room, picked up a towel and was drying himself.

"I was just starting to get into the mood." Marcos complained leaning to the bathroom door looking like a child.

"I'm so sorry baby," Ramon said as he dried his hair. "I really have to go, look at the time."

Marcos checked the time and it was almost 6.30 pm. Ramon was obviously anxious to go home. Marcos went to Ramon and wrapped his arms around him.

"Can't you stay for tonight?" He kissed his neck. "I really need to spend some time with you. I will definitely miss you."

A tempting offer but Ramon knew that he was going to decline. He couldn't just stay over as if they were married. Besides, he had to go to work early, he promised Mr. Williams.

"Weekend is over baby," Ramon said softly as he wrapped a towel around Marcos and brought him to his swollen lips.

He planted a hot kiss on his lips. "I have to go and see my family." He kissed again. "I have work tomorrow and you have work tomorrow."

"I am the boss, my love." Marcos said in perpetual tired voice. "I can go to work any time I want and I can always call that you are not going to work. If you want....."

"No," Ramon moaned. "I promised Mr. Williams I would go to work." Ramon chuckled. "Besides, you know that I can't spend the night with you, we are......"

"That doesn't matter. If you want we can live together." Marcos shouted enthusiastically.

"You are crazy." Ramon laughed as he picked up his boxer on the floor. He was wearing it when Marcos held him tightly and brought him closer to him.

"I am dead serious," He said softly. "I love you so much and I am sure you do. Let's be together, I beg you."

Okay! First Marcos was acting crazy and secondly, there was no way Ramon was going to live with Marcos. What would people say about this and worse, his family? He didn't want to go into any hasty decisions which would question him later.

"Marcos, I...." Ramon stammered. "I don't think we can do that. We always see each other and I think that's more than......"

"It's not." Marcos said softly. "I want us to live together as one. I will talk to my family and your family."

This was not a good time for this type of conversation. This was really not the time. They have only been together for 7 months and if they moved in together, it would question his upbringing. 

"Marcos, can we please talk about this some other time?" He begged as he planted a kiss on his mouth. "Please,"

"Fine," Marcos said as he wrapped his arms around his neck. "But we will talk about it soon. I want to have you all to myself."

They kissed for long enjoying each other's mouths and embrace. It was such a wonderful kiss, long and exotic.

They finally got dressed and Ramon was ready to leave but they kissed one last time before they went out of the room. They went downstairs and everyone seemed pleasant to see them. Ramon could feel a connection with everybody and it was a wonderful feeling to be able to connect with his boyfriend's family.

"Come here," Marcos' mother said as she gave him a tight hug. "Don't forget to visit tomorrow, okay?"

"Yes," Ramon smiled at the wonderful woman who was standing in front of him. "I will definitely visit you tomorrow," He said as he broke the hug and smiled sheepishly at everyone present.

He said goodbye to all of them and he left smiling with his boyfriend. They exited the door and Marcos grabbed him into a deep long kiss that blew him away and made him yearn for Marcos all over again.

"How was that for a goodnight kiss?" Marcos smiled at his boyfriend whose eyes were half closed.

"It was incredible," Ramon sighed sensually as if he was going into the mood again. "Why do you always do this to me?" 

"Um, let me think," Marcos teased. "Because I am your boyfriend and you are irresistibly cute and sexy." He said in a sexy and horny voice filled with lust. "You can't imagine the things I am thinking of doing to you right now." Marcos grunted. 

"Hmmmm, I would love to find out what those things are but later." Ramon said as he planted a long affectionate kiss on Marcos' huge mouthwatering lips. "But I really have to go now."

"I know that baby," Marcos said suddenly feeling excited. "Let's go."

They both entered the car and it was a long ride home. But it was a ride which they would never be able to forget. It was just romantic as they had their hands on each other and they spoke to each other sweetly. The ride to Ramon's house was one which none of them would be forgetting any time soon. They kissed while they were on the wheel and Ramon gave him a blowjob. How crazy is that? He had almost lost control of the car when Ramon placed his mouth on that throbbing cock. The blowjob was sweet, wonderful and mind blowing. He came in Ramon's mouth hard and they both shared his cum. This was the first time since they started dating when Ramon had actually swallowed his cum and it turned him on.

"You are home," Eduardo teased while they got out the car. "I thought you might come back late as usual."

They all laughed at Eduardo's teasing and Eduardo later excused himself and went back inside the house. It was time for Marcos to say goodnight and go home.

"This is it." Marcos said as he leaned in for a kiss. They kissed a few seconds and Marcos was brushing his nose with Ramon's.

"I love you." Ramon said pouring his whole heart out.

"I love you too." Marcos said as he kissed him.

They said goodnight and Marcos entered the car and drove off. Ramon chuckled and went inside the house. He was blushing as he entered the house but one thing he really was sure, he couldn't wait to see Marcos the following day.

******

"Ramon!" Mr. Williams called with a soft voice suddenly bringing him to the real world. He had been day dreaming about Marcos that he even forgot that he was at work.

"Y....yes, sir," He stammered.

"Are you alright?" Mr. Williams asked. "You seem lost." 

Mr. Williams has been so good to him for months now and he is one of the people in the hotel that he respects so much. He is wise and has been encouraging him to be strong in a relationship.

"I am just bored." He sighed. "Maybe if I could do something but there is nothing to do."

"Well you are in luck because we have a new guest." Mr. Williams said softly. "And he specifically asked for you."

What? Why did the guest specifically ask for Ramon? Nothing like that has ever happened since he started working at the hotel. Ramon was busy thinking whether he knew the guy from somewhere.

"I know what you are thinking," Mr. Williams chuckled in a soothing tone. "Don't worry he is here for a business meeting and he said that you were recommended to him."

Ramon was not sure who had recommended him but he couldn't just ignore a guest.

"He's in room 303, you can go and clean his room." Mr. Williams said softly with a smile that he was now used to, he saw that smile almost on a daily basis.

Ramon nodded and he went to get the cleaning cart. He was dying to see the man he was to care for the room. Maybe it was someone he knew or had seen with Marcos somewhere but he was soon going to find out.

He was now outside room 303 and he was nervous. He slowly knocked on the door and in a few seconds he could hear footsteps coming to the door. He got ready to meet the man who someone had recommended for him but he was going to ask who had recommended him because he was nervous. How hard could that be?
