 Here we are again, my lovely readers. Thank you so much for making it this far with me. I hope my story is entertaining and you are enjoying it. I am really looking forward to more votes and I hope you will love this chapter. Keep the comments coming? Enjoy..........

******

Marcos had been waiting for Ramon and he was getting impatient. Eduardo had told him to get inside but he just wouldn't get in the house. He was feeling like he had the whole world on his shoulder. He was going round and round just waiting for Ramon to turn up so that he could give him something that he was dying to give him since that same afternoon.

Marcos saw Ramon coming towards him and he was smiling at him. Behind that smile was someone that he wanted to confront. Marcos stopped in his tracks and went to Ramon who was coming towards him looking so lost.

"Is this 3.pm?" Marcos asked depressingly.

Ramon noticed that his boyfriend was impatient and he somehow wanted to tell him that he had been raped, he really did. He had decided to tell his boyfriend that his client, Toby had raped him. He couldn't hide something that big from someone that he loved. He felt pressure in his eyes and he immediately knew that he was gonna breakdown. 

"I am sorry Marcos, I..........."

He didn't even finish a sentence and Marcos slapped him hard on the cheeks making him fall to the ground. Ramon was now confused and he had no idea why his boyfriend had slapped him that hard. Could he have been angry because he didn't come home on time?

I know you are probably wondering why Marcos slapped Ramon like that. All this no sense had started yesterday while he was in the office talking with Anthony and Dan. They had such a nice conversation together and he had been missing Ramon a lot. At exactly 4.pm, he had received a call from a private number and he could still remember the words as if they had been spoken a few seconds ago.

"Hello," He had answered still laughing from a joke Anthony had pulled.

"Is this Marcos Martinez?" The strange manly voice had asked.

"Yes, this is he."

"I know Ramon is your boyfriend but there is something that I would like to say to you."

Marcos had been worried after that voice had said that to him. He had suddenly stood up and shouted to the voice if something was wrong with his boyfriend.

"The truth is I don't know how to tell you this." The voice had said softly. "But your boyfriend has been sleeping with numerous men at the hotel. I didn't want to say this but I can't keep quiet anymore."

Just like that, the call had been cut and there had been no record of the number in his phone. His friends had asked him what was wrong and he had told them of the caller and what he had said to him. His friends had denied.

"Ramon, come on. That boy would never cheat on you even if his life depended on it."

Dan had even sworn on his life that Ramon would never cheat on him but he still hadn't shaken the worry. He had gone to pick up Ramon and he had been awfully quiet and absent minded. He had tried to forget about it and after that mind blowing blowjob Ramon had given him, he had forgotten about everything.

Just today while he was getting ready to go pick Ramon from his house after signing the last document, he had received a message from whatsapp and he had checked it, a video. He didn't want to check that video but he had suddenly got curious. Why would a stranger send him a video? He had downloaded it and after it had loaded, played it. The sooner he had started watching it, the sooner he had ended it.

He saw some guy fucking his Ramon furiously and roughly naked on the bed and he had cut it. He had immediately been filled with anger that he rushed out of his office to Ramon's place. He wanted answers for that video. He had quickly reached Ramon's house but hadn't seen him. He couldn't wait anymore so he had gone to the hotel fast enough to find the guy who had been fucking Ramon leaving the hotel.

Marcos had gotten so angry at seeing the man that he had beaten him up in front of the people who were watching them. He had beaten the guy so badly that he was swollen all over.

"Why are you beating me?" The poor guy had pleaded as if he had been innocent. "I didn't do anything to you."

"Why did you sleep with my boyfriend?" Marcos had yelled.

"Who are you talking about?" The guy had said so fearfully.

"The same guy you fucked in this hotel."

"I didn't know he had a boyfriend." The guy had pleaded. "He never said anything to me. I swear." The guy sobbed. "My friends told me of a gay whore that has been servicing them in this hotel so I just came to try my luck and I had fun with him. I thought he didn't have a boyfriend since he is a gay whore. He has serviced many of my friends and........."

Marcos didn't have the strength to beat the guy anymore so he had let him go and the guy had run away. He had sat on the ground feeling all the anger coming to him. He had got up and ran inside the hotel shouting Ramon's name but everyone had told him he had already gone home and now here he is slapping Ramon.

He had calmed himself down and talked to Eduardo normally but after he saw Ramon coming while it was dark, he just lost it and smacked his face and he fell to the ground.

"You whore!" Marcos shouted in a hoarse voice. "How could you do this to me?"

Ramon's heart felt like it has been broken into a thousand pieces when he heard that word coming from his boyfriend's mouth. He didn't have any words to say. He didn't even understand what was going on. He has come home so that he could tell his boyfriend that he was raped but it looked like things were out of hand.

"How long have you been fucking men in my hotel?" Marcos shouted. His voice was cold and sharp in a way that it was cutting Ramon's flesh. "How long have you been deceiving me?"

Ramon was still speechless, he felt like his whole world had crushed after hearing those painful words from Marcos. If this was a joke, it was not funny and he intended to end it.

"What the fuck are you silent for?" Marcos yelled which made Ramon move in fear. "Are you silent because I found out the truth? I know that men have been fucking you."

Ramon was getting hurt but he courageously stood up to face Marcos.

"Baby, what are you talking about?" He asked in a small painful voice. "Why are you speaking to me this...?"

"Don't ever call me that you whore." Marcos shouted making Ramon move a bit backwards. "I know about your secrets now and you cannot deny it."

Ramon saw Marcos searching his jacket for something and then he brought out his phone which he was busy pressing. Ramon wondered what Marcos was trying to show him.

"Explain this...." Marcos shouted as he handed Ramon the phone. Ramon took the phone cautiously and he looked at the phone to the surprising video that he saw playing.

It was a video of when Ramon had gone into Toby's room the first time and Toby had smiled at him. He had also smiled but it was cut to the time he was having juice in Toby's room and then to the time Toby had seated him on the couch. Then Ramon had touched Toby and Toby had kissed him and moved him to the bed. Toby had stripped and was now fucking him roughly.

Ramon couldn't take it anymore so he cut the video and Marcos snatched the phone from him. The surprising thing was that he seemed conscious while Toby was.... He couldn't bring himself to say the word. He couldn't remember anything but he seemed conscious but weak in the video. Why was there no sound? Ramon felt all the pain coming back to him and his ass was hurting real bad.

"Now what do you have to fucking say?" Marcos yelled with pain and betrayal in his own voice.

"That's not true," Ramon begged as tears poured down his face. "I was raped. Believe me it is............."

"Of course you were raped." Marcos chuckled painfully. "What other excuse can you give? I can't believe that I have been so blind."

"Please Marcos, believe me I.............."

"Shut the fuck up." Marcos yelled in his face as a tear fell down his cheek. "I know that you have been fucking with men in my hotel, you whore."

Ramon was getting really hurt and he didn't know how to explain to Marcos.

"I swear your business partner raped me."

"Business partner," Marcos shouted. "I don't even know that guy so don't you fucking lie to me. Oh, let me get this straight, you fucked that guy because he was rich."

"I swear to you, Toby Dunphy..........."

"So you even know his name?" Marcos chuckled with anger.

"He said that he was the guest of your family and they recommended me to him."

"Don't you drag my family into this?" Marcos warned as he extended his finger towards Ramon.

"I swear, I am not lying to you that guy came in as a guest of your family,"

"Stop lying against my family," Marcos shouted and gave Ramon another slap.

"Please stop hurting me," Ramon begged as tears run down his face.

"Whores like you deserve what you are getting." Marcos shouted. "You played with my feelings. I loved you." Marcos cried. "You played with my feelings. I should have listened to my mother and be with Dan."

Marcos was deeply hurt. The wound that he was feeling in his heart was deep and it was going to take long to be healed. He felt like someone was putting a knife in every part of his body and he was spiritually bleeding. He dropped to the ground holding the sand in his hands and feeling his pain increasing.

"Why did you betray me like this?" He cried. "How could you have done this to me?" He mumbled. "I love you so much."

Ramon slowly got up and had an idea to touch Marcos and get him to listen to his explanation. Everything was just out of place and he couldn't afford to lose Marcos. He was the victim here but Marcos was making him feel as if he was the culprit.

"Listen to me," Ramon said softly as he touched Marcos' back which he later found out was a big mistake as Marcos suddenly turned into an animal. Marcos lost control as soon as Ramon had touched him and he threw him on the ground began slapping him hard and roughly.

The slaps were painful and they were directed all over Ramon's face. Ramon screamed in pain and begged Marcos to stop hurting him but the guy just slapped him some more. He could feel his whole face hurting and he knew that he was going to have bruises and even a black eye.

"So you wanna be a whore." Marcos shouted. "I will show how we treat whores." He said as Ramon heard the sound of Marcos' belt.

"No, please." Ramon pleaded loudly.

"Why are you pretending as if you are not enjoying this?" Marcos said as Ramon felt him squeezing his arms tightly. "People are right; this is all you poor people are good for. To be used by rich men like me anytime we want. People like you who are worthless and have nothing to do in life." Marcos shouted as Ramon tried to release himself from the beast that was trying to devour him.

"Hold still, I am going to pay you handsomely after I fuck your ass. People like you enjoy having dicks up your asses because you have no purpose in life than to deceive men like me." Marcos yelled and spat on Ramon's face. Ramon's brain just froze when he heard what Marcos had just said to him.

He couldn't believe that the same man he loved so much told him that he was worthless and he had no purpose in life. He could hear Marcos tearing the fabric of his soft jean and he felt as the wind blew in his pants.

"I am going to teach you a lesson that will make you never to deceive any man in your life again." Marcos yelled as he ripped his trouser further. "I thought you were you different but I was wrong. People like you don't have value."

Ramon was just looking at the angry face of his boyfriend tearing his clothes together with his heart. He did nothing because the words were painful that his brain froze. He was neither screaming nor moving as Marcos ripped off his shirt. He was trying to come into terms with what he was hearing. He was even trying to figure out if it was his boyfriend who was talking or just a copy of his boyfriend.

As Marcos ripped his shirt, Ramon felt his sharp nails rip a part of his skin and he screamed in pain. He began shouting again and Marcos got off him and sat a distance from him crying. Ramon slowly got up and winced in pain after what Marcos had done to him.

"What's going on here?" He heard Eduardo's voice.

Marcos was about to slap him again when Eduardo intervened and saved him. He got Marcos and threw him.

"Get out of here." Eduardo shouted at Marcos.

Marcos entered his car and drove off furiously. Ramon was just sitting on the sand without doing anything.

Ramon was crying hard that his body ached when he made a movement. Marcos' words had hurt so much than the slaps that he had received. He buried his head in his father's chest and broke down and cried so much. He could feel Eduardo sobbing and he knew that he was crying too. His whole heart was in pain and the more he cried, the more the pain increased. He cried for so long until he felt Eduardo picking him up and taking him into the house.

His trouser was half ripped, his shirt was totally ripped and Marcos had cut his tummy with his nails and there was blood coming out slowly. He knew that it would leave a scar. His whole face was in pain and his heart was the most hurt. Eduardo and his father's faces were also wet. This was the first time he had seen them like that and he cried even more.

"Marcos called me a whore," He cried. "He called me.....a whore." He cried more. "I was the victim but he made me feel as if I was the culprit." He wailed. "I never did anything like that, I was raped. Believe me I was raped."

Ramon saw his father looking at him wide eyed and tears were coming down his face and he held him closer and tighter.

"Maybe I need to see him again," Ramon said as he rubbed his tears fiercely. "I need to explain things to him. He will understand, right father."

Ramon's father was looking at him without saying a word. There were tears in his eyes and he could see pain in them. His father had been so strong for as long as he had known him but this was making him cry and it just broke Ramon's heart even more.

"Father, please don't cry." Ramon begged. "You are breaking my heart."

"What can a father do?" His father responded with grief in his heart. "How did this even happen?"

"I was drugged, father." Ramon cried as he buried his face further in his father's chest. "He tricked me but my boyfriend is mad at me. Help me talk to him and make him understand."

Ramon quickly got up and was ready to go to Marcos' but his brother grabbed him and held him tightly.

"It's okay," His brother sobbed in pain. "Your brother is here."

"Please," Ramon begged. "I need to see him."

Ramon's heart was beating so fast he could hear his blood passing through his veins. He was struggling to get away from Eduardo. All he wanted was to go and see his boyfriend and get him to listen. He struggled and he could feel himself getting dizzy. Then he felt like everything was spinning and then everything went blur and he passed out.

"He passed out." Eduardo said softly as a tear run down his face.

Eduardo has refused to accept that his brother was raped. He was so devastated he had no words to say. He felt like someone hard hurt him to a point where he couldn't recover. His little brother, the one person he really loves and protects just got raped. Seeing him passed out in his arms was breaking his heart. He had never seen his brother cry like the way he did then. His poor father was also in tears.

"Look at him," His father said trying to hide his tears. "I can't believe that my son could be hurt this way. Why would anyone want to hurt him?" His father sobbed.

"I don't know, father." Eduardo said suddenly feeling angry. "But I want the bastard who did this to him to pay."

"We have to report it to the police." His father suggested. "But I think your brother needs to rest now."

Eduardo nodded and he carefully picked his brother up leaving his father in the living room. He slowly took him to his room and laid him on the bed. He looked at his brother and he was a mess. He had bruises on his face and his clothes were torn by Marcos, the nerve of that guy. No matter what happens, Eduardo would never believe that his brother would do what Marcos accused him of.

Eduardo decided to change his brother's clothes into something that was a bit comfortable. All these things were just making him madder. Had he not been surprised at what he found Marcos calling his brother, he would have beaten him for hitting his brother.

Eduardo slowly removed his brother's shirt and he couldsee some nail cuts on his tummy and it made him mad. He removed his trouser and turned but what he saw brought tears to him. His brother's white boxer had blood on the butt and it was heartbreaking to see. He had seen his brother naked many times so he carefully slipped the boxer off so that he could at least clean his bruised face and body.

He planned to sleep in Ramon's room so that he could keep him safe. This was the worst he had seen his brother hurt. If he gets his hands on that man who raped his brother, he swore to kill him without hesitation.

*******

Marcos quickly pulled on the road and got out of the car. He was so hurt and so angry that he wanted to go back to Ramon and vent his anger out on him. The most painful thing was he was still in love with Ramon and that love was making his heart bleed. He hated Ramon for what he had done to him and he would hurt him if he saw him again.

Marcos began shouting on the road as tears came down his face. He shouted some more thinking that his anger and pain would go away but it just increased and he sat on the dirty ground and cried. Memories of his time with Ramon came back to him, memories that brought nothing but sorrow and pain. He had loved Ramon a lot and he never thought that Ramon would betray him and hurt him like the way he had done.

The more he thought about it the more the pain increased up to a point where the pain turned into hatred. After almost an hour of crying, he slowly entered the car still crying and drove quickly home. He honked the car at the gate badly that he drove like crazy inside the compound. He got out of the car and sat down on the ground drowning in his own sorrows. Tears just came out on their own and he didn't need to do anything or rub them. He needed those tears to come out, maybe only then could the pain stop.

"Hey dude, I heard your car but why are you...?" Dan trailed off when he saw the state his friend was in.

"Are you okay?" Dan asked as he ran to him.

Marcos didn't say anything but just hugged his friend tightly. He was so mad that he couldn't bring himself to saying anything.

"Hey, dude, what's wrong?" Dan asked with concern. "You are breaking my heart dude, talk to me."

But Marcos just hugged his friend as tight as he could. He was sobbing like he had never sobbed before. He just wanted to remain in his friend's embrace. He laid his head on Dan's chest and completely broke down. Dan was soothing him and he was glad his friend was there for him even after treating him so badly.

After what seemed like hours of sobbing which were merely minutes, Dan got him up and took him inside. He was walking like he had no energy in his body. He just wanted to die and let the pain go away.

"What's happening to you?" Madison bemused.

Marcos didn't have the strength to answer any of the questions. He was too sorrowful to open his mouth and actually tell them that his boyfriend was a whore.

"What's happening to my baby?" His mother rushed and held him.

"Please tell us what's wrong, son." His father said gently. "We are getting worried."

Marcos was still silent and had no words to say. Dan sat him on the couch and held him. His whole family was worried and he didn't know how to break it to them. He didn't even know how to tell his mother that she had been right all along.
