 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Note: As this story grows, I'm finding myself in need of an editor or collaborator. Not as much for grammar and spelling, but rather for plot. If anyone is interested, please feel free to contact me via my author's page.

*****

It had been almost week since Amanda and her mother "caught" her father and me in Amanda's bed. It turned out that Mrs. Jenkins wasn't quite the old-fashioned prude that Amanda made her out to be. She took Amanda out "shopping" twice during that time, making sure I knew that they would be gone for hours. In an ironic twist, I moved some of Wilma's clothes to their house as Amanda was moving her clothes to the apartment.

Jerry loved me dressing up for him and playing the "older man - young tranny" game, and I loved the fact that it turned him on so much that he fucked me raw every time I went over there. I didn't get off dressing like a girl, but I DEFINITELY got off when he bent me over and hammered me like one. There was an added benefit in that the sessions with her father were so hot that I was really turned on and able to, uh, "perform" better with Amanda, usually fucking her on her bed with her father's cum still warm in my ass. 

At work, things cooled with John after the corporate rep left. I don't know what happened, but he rescheduled me so that I didn't close any more. He didn't, however, change Amanda's schedule. She made it plain to him that without me there wasn't anything going to happen after work with her. I was proud of her, and he quickly changed her shift to match my new one. The good news was that we now had the coveted Saturday and Sunday nights off with the new schedule.

Saturday morning, Amanda had gone to visit her sick aunt and had taken my car. I didn't have any plans for the day except laundry. I was surprised when I came out of my room and saw Jake in the kitchen.

"Morning," I said, getting a cup of coffee. "I'm surprised to see you, with all your extra-curricular activities."

"Eh," he grunted. "I needed a day off. Semester's coming up quick, and I need to start getting ready for it."

I paused, then said, "Well...if you're going to be around today, Wilma has been dying to see you."

His eyes lit up. "I've been dying to see her, too. Do you expect her to be here soon?"

"Sooner than you think," I said, then went back into my room. I changed into bra and panties and put a little bit of make-up on, then stepped back into the living room. He was already sitting on the couch, pants off, sporting a very nice hard-on.

"Missed me, did you?" I said in a sultry voice, dropping to my knees in front of him.

He didn't answer, but I could tell he was eager for my mouth. I didn't tease him, taking his length deep into my mouth. He made an appreciative noise, placing his hand on top of my head.

I pulled almost completely off of his cock, my tongue caressing his cockhead still between my lips, then took him deep again all the way until he was in my throat. 

As I bobbed up and down on his cock, I saw Lana out of the corner of my eye standing there watching us. I started to pull back, to take him out of my mouth and say something to her but his hand on my head prevented me. I didn't realize he was that close, and continued until I felt his cock swell and jets of his cum splash against the back of my throat. I swallowed quickly, not wanting to miss any of it, my lips sliding up and down his shaft even faster, wanting him to keep cumming hard.

His flood of cum slowed, then stopped. I slowly pulled my mouth off of him, giving his cockhead a quick lick and a kiss, then looked up at Lana.

"Hey, are you going over to Mom and Dad's any time soon?" she asked. She said it like there was nothing unusual going on, much less that I was kneeling in front of her boyfriend with the inside of my mouth coated with his cum.

I shrugged, standing up and pulling on my panties that had become wedged in the crack of my ass. "I can if you want me to," I said. "I need to go over there sometime to talk to Mom, anyway. She wants to go with me when I register for classes."

"There's a box marked 'Bathroom stuff' in the ones you took over there. Would you grab it for me and bring it back?" she requested.

"Sure. When do you need it?"

"Today, if that's ok? It's got my other container of birth control pills in it, and I've been out for a couple of days," she replied with a frown.

"I can go over there this afternoon and get it," I said. 

"Thanks!" she said brightly, then grabbed Jake's hand and towed him into their bedroom. I guess it really did turn her on watching me suck Jake's cock, but I wasn't sure what use he was going to be to her...after that orgasm, he was going to take a while to recover.

Amanda came back shortly after the bedsprings in Lana's room started squeaking. I guess he recovered quicker than I thought. 

"Hey, babe," she said, giving me a kiss.

"I have to run by my folk's house," I said. "Wanna come and meet them?"

"Sure," she replied. She seemed excited about it. 

We drove over. When I pulled up to their house, I saw a strange car in the driveway. They must have company.

We walked up to the front door and I tried to open it, but it was locked. Frowning, I tried my key. No use. 

"Huh," I said to Amanda. "They changed the locks." I was a bit miffed. Even though I was living with Lana, I still considered their house as "mine" too.

"Well, knock then," Amanda said.

"No," I said, disgruntled. "C'mon." 

I took her hand and led her around to the back yard. I can't remember a time when the back door was ever locked. We lived in a fairly safe neighborhood and locked the front door out of an abundance of caution, but the back door was always left unlocked. As teenagers, Lana and I took advantage of that on nights we stayed out a little too late and wanted to sneak back into the house without being seen.

The first thing I noticed was how dark it was inside the house. Mom liked lots of light and usually all the window blinds and curtains were pulled open. Today, though, the blinds were down and the curtains closed.

The second thing I noticed was that there was a faint, strange sound coming from the living room that I couldn't identify. I shot a confused look at Amanda, then quietly made my way through the kitchen and dining room. As I reached the doorway to the living room, my mouth dropped open and my eyes shot wide open. I heard Amanda softly gasp in surprise, too.

Dad was on his back on the couch, naked. Atop him was a chubby woman with small pointy tits who was furiously riding him. I scanned the room and saw my mom on her knees in front of a man, her head bobbing up and down as she sucked his dick. His head was thrown back, eyes closed, obviously enjoying what Mom was doing. 

Nobody could see me...mom was facing slightly away from me, the man she was blowing had his eyes closed, as did the woman that was bouncing up and down on Dad. My eyes went from Dad to Mom and back. 

Mom pulled the dick in her mouth out and licked up and down its shaft. As she did, I realized that I'd seen that dick before! Long, skinny, with a big mushroom head...that was the guy that I sucked in the bathroom at the campground! My mother was sucking the same dick that I had!

As I said, nobody would be able to see me where I stood. Well, nobody except Dad. I don't know if it was Amanda's soft gasp of surprise or what, but he glanced over in our direction and his eyes went huge as he saw us watching them.

My finger flew up to my mouth, giving him a "shhh!" gesture, then I grabbed Amanda's hand and we slowly backed out. We left the house, quietly shutting the back door as we did.

"Ohmygod," Amanda giggled. 

"Yeah, that was unexpected," I said as we got back in the car.

"I guess we know why they were so keen on getting you to move in with your sister," Amanda guffawed.

My mind went over that day when they told me about Lana's offer for me to move in with her and Jake. Mom DID seem a bit eager to get me out of the house, but Dad really didn't. We drove back to the apartment in silence, my mind churning and trying to understand what I'd just seen.

The phone was ringing when we got back to the apartment. Amanda answered it, then held the receiver out to me.

"For you," she said, handing it to me. 

"Hello?" I answered.

"Will, it's Dad," I heard him say uneasily. "I wanted to apologize to you for...for what you saw."

"You don't have to," I said quickly. 

"Yes, I do," he said. "I feel I owe you an apology."

"No, you don't," I replied. "It's none of my business."

"Still, I'd like to come over and explain myself...ourselves...to you, if that's ok," he said.

"You don't have to," I repeated. There was a long silence from his end. I realized that it was important to him to do so, so I continued, "...but I'll be here if you want to."

I could hear the relief in his voice. "Ok, I'll think of a reason to get out of the house and be over there shortly."

I smiled. Two birds, one stone. "There's a box in Lana's bedroom marked 'Bathroom stuff'..."

About a half hour later, there was a knock at the apartment door. I opened it and Dad walked in carrying Lana's box.

I took the box from him and introduced him to Amanda. He smiled weakly at her and said, "Nice to meet you." Turning to me, he said, "Can we talk privately?"

"I don't have any secrets from Amanda," I said, stubbornly. "And after all, she was there too." In addition, I already knew her parents secrets, no reason for her to not know my folk's secrets too.

"Okay," he breathed heavily. He sat down on the couch. I settled in a recliner with Amanda standing next to me.

He took a deep breath. "Your mom and I have been, uh, 'swinging' with Ron and his wives," he said nervously.

"'Wives'?" Amanda said curiously.

"Yeah, he's on like his sixth or seventh marriage," Dad said.

"How long have you guys been...uh...doing that?" I asked, curious myself.

"Since you kids were little," he replied.

"So all the nights out when we were young, the square-dancing...?" I asked.

"I've never 'do-si-doed' in my life," he admitted miserably. "It was an excuse to meet up with Ron and his wife-of-the-moment all those times."

"Dad, you don't need to tell me this," I said. Honestly, I didn't know if I really wanted to hear it. "I don't think any less of you. You're my dad, and Mom's my mom. What goes on in your lives is really none of my business."

"No," he said firmly. "I've never spoken to anyone about this and I need to get off my chest."

"Ok," I said. 

"Your mom, God love her, has a big sex drive," he said.

"And now we know where YOU get it from," Amanda murmured.

"What?" Dad asked her, confusion on his face.

"Nothing," I said, shooting a warning glance at Amanda. "Go ahead."

"At first, it was great," he continued. "As a young man, I'm sure you can relate. But there was a complication in that she's always had a thing for Ron. They dated before I started taking her out, and I think the only reason she went out with me was because he dumped her for one of her friends."

I didn't know what to say, so I just nodded.

"After a while, I wasn't enough for her. I caught her with Ron, and it damn near came to a divorce."

"When was this?" I asked.

"I think you were about a year old," he said.

"Wow. That far back? So what happened?" I replied.

"We worked out an agreement. If she spent time with Ron then I'd get time with whoever he was with at the moment, and we'd do it together. I think half of the reason I agreed to it was because I was mad and wanted to pay her back for cheating on me by cheating on her in front of her. That backfired, though, since she was still getting Ron and I was fucking..." He stopped himself, and his face turned red. He looked at Amanda. "Sorry for the language."

Amanda shrugged. "Will and I 'fuck' all the time. I'm not offended by the word," she said casually.

He gulped, then continued. "She was getting Ron and I was, uh, sleeping with Ron's leftovers."

"So why did you let it continue if you didn't like it?" I asked.

His face went bleak. "I love your mother, and have loved her since the first time I ever saw her. She literally took my breath away. If I put a stop to it, I think she might actually leave me so she could keep on with him."

"I doubt that," I protested. "Mom loves you."

"I think so too, but it doesn't match the fascination she has with him. She has this idea that he cares for her and just doesn't want to show it. But he really doesn't. He loves fucking her but doesn't love HER. And with good reason, she throws her entire being into sex. She completely loses herself. She wears out whoever she's with and still wants more. She sleeps with Ron and then wants me to..."

"Ewww, Dad," I interrupted, screwing my face up in distaste. "Don't need THAT much detail."

"Sorry," he said. "Anyway, I can't convince her that he just wants to fuck her and doesn't care about her, and honestly don't know what to do. It was kind of exciting and fun a long time ago, but I'm damn near 50 years old now. At this point I just want a quiet, comfortable life with your mother without all the extra stuff. And since you moved out, it's been non-stop with them."

"So that's why you seemed reluctant for me to move?" I asked. 

"Yeah," he confirmed. "Once you moved out, Ron and his wife were coming over daily."

"So you just need to prove to her that he's not just trying to be with her, he just wants to fuck? If she caught him with someone else besides her and whoever he's married to, that'd work?"

"That'd probably do it," he said, then his shoulders slumped. "I think. I don't know."

I glanced at Amanda, whose face was beginning to dawn with understanding. "You or me?" she asked.

"Me. I've already blown him twice," I replied.

Dad and Amanda spoke at the same time. "You have?!?!" Amanda said at the same time Dad said, "WHAT?"

I looked directly at Dad's shocked face. "Amanda and I have secrets of our own. This year during the camping trip I met a man..."

Twenty minutes later, after I'd explained everything to him, he sat there with a shocked expression on his face. I didn't leave too much out...however, I didn't tell him about me and Jake. I didn't know if Lana wanted that out or not. I told him about Paul, Matt, John, and Jerry (skipping over the fact that Jerry was Amanda's father). I even told him about David in the laundry room, which I had neglected to tell Amanda about. And about blowing Ron twice in the bathroom at the camp grounds, which Amanda also didn't know about. 

"Those long hikes when we were camping weren't hikes, were they?" I asked Dad. "He was camping there at the same time and you two were meeting up with him?"

"Yes. For a long time that was the only place that we could get together," Dad confirmed. "That changed when you moved out, however. How do you know it was him, though?" 

"Well, he does have a distinctive dick and I saw it when...uh, I saw it when I was over at your house," I said apologetically.

He nodding slowly, then sat back in the couch and ran his hand through his hair. It was his "thinking" gesture. "So my son is gay?"

"Bi," Amanda corrected, somewhat forcefully.

He looked at her. "And you're ok with it?"

She smiled, then sat in my lap and put her arm around me. "More than ok. It's really hot," she said, kissed me, then looked back at him defiantly.

"Jesus," he said, shaking his head. "I came over here to apologize and unburden my soul, so to speak, and got more than I bargained for."

"I really hope it doesn't change anything," I said, a hint of worry in my voice. Dad never came across as a homophobe, but I didn't know for sure. Especially where his kid was concerned.

He scowled. "No, of course not," he said, shaking his head. "You're my son. Nothing will change that. I just thought you'd marry, have kids, you know, that kind of stuff."

"Nothing stopping that," I said. "I expect that you and Mom will have a daughter-in-law and grandkids to spoil at some point."

"Is that a proposal?" I heard Amanda say with a laugh.

I looked at her. I'd already realized that I'd never find anyone even close to Amanda. Ever. She loved me, and damned if I didn't love her back even if I had to force myself to be sexual with her. I couldn't let her get away. "Maaaaaaybe," I grinned. 

Amanda squealed and kissed me, long enough for Dad to eventually clear his throat loudly to remind us that he was still there.

I pried Amanda off of me. "Sorry," I said to him with a grin. 

He gave me a feeble smile. "So what are you getting at?" he asked.

I arranged my thoughts before I spoke. I know I'd shocked him with everything I'd told him so far, but I was about to shock him even more.

"I was thinking that if Mom caught him with someone else, it might get the message across that he's just using her. Someone she wouldn't expect. Someone, uh, like me?" I said.

"Absolutely not," he said flatly. "I can't...WON'T...ask that of you."

"You're not asking," I said. "I'm offering. In fact, I'm insisting."

"You'd do that?" he asked, incredulously.

"Well, I liked it enough that I sucked his dick twice," I said unabashedly. "And if doing it again helps YOU out, then I'm all for it."

"No," he repeated. "First off, it's just...wrong. Second, your mother would lose her goddamn mind."

"Isn't that the point?" I asked.

"I think she'd lose her goddamn mind at YOU," he warned. "She may get mad at him. At least, I hope she would. But I think you'll take the brunt of it. And me if she finds out we set it up."

I sensed he was wavering. I think that if any other guy was offering what I was, he'd take them up on it in a heartbeat. But I was his kid.

Amanda rode to the rescue. "You already know that Will likes men and is willing, and his girlfriend...er, FIANCEE," she said, flashing me a grin, "is ok with it. It'll bring you peace of mind by getting that Ron out of your life. Nobody's getting harmed or doing anything against their will. So where's the downside?"

"I don't know," he muttered loudly. "It feels so...dirty."

"God, I hope it's dirty," I laughed. His eyes went a bit wide at that. He'd never seen the slut side of me.

"I..I'll think about it," he said. I saw his eyes, however, and knew that he'd go for it. I think he was desperate to get rid of Ron and get Mom all to himself. Desperate enough to grab at straws, and here I was offering one.

Dad left, and Amanda made us some lunch. As we were finishing, the phone rang.

"Hello?" 

"Hi, Will, it's Dad again. I was thinking about what you said, and I think we should go for it," he said.

I smiled. I figured he would. 

"I'm glad you think so. How do you want to work it?" I asked.

"I called Ron and told him that your Mom wanted him over at noon tomorrow without his wife. He sounded excited about it. I'll get her out of the house before that. How, uh, are you going to convince him?"

"I don't think you want to know, Dad," I replied. 

"Probably not," he admitted.

"I'll be there around 11:30. Can you get Mom out of the house by then?" I asked.

"Yeah, that's not a problem."

"Ok. Make sure you leave the back door unlocked. Give me about 30 minutes after Ron supposed to be there before you guys come home."

We said our goodbyes, and I hung up. I gave Amanda the plan.

"Oooo," she said, excitedly. "Can I watch?"

The next morning, I collected my laundry while Amanda was still asleep. I didn't want to disappoint David if he was there, so I put a bra and panties on with pants and a baggy sweatshirt over them. I thought (hoped!) would hide the bra. When I got to the laundry room, I started to smile when I saw he was there...and immediately stopped myself when I saw his wife sitting there next to him.
