 "Richard. Richard!" said Coach Smith

"What?!"

"You're drooling."

"Oh sorry... geez that's gross... I didn't... I wasn't... I'll pay more attention to you."

"I'd appreciate that."

But the truth was that I wasn't drooling because I wasn't paying attention to my teacher, it's because I was paying attention to him, Coach Smith, more specifically his butt. Coach Smith had an amazing ass; like a bounce a quarter off it bubble butt. His ass was too perfect for words, it was the very definition of muscle butt. Coach's ass looked amazing in all kinds of pants/shorts; dress pants, jeans, tracksuit bottoms, basketball shorts, cargo shorts, and with birthday suit pants... but I'm getting ahead of myself. I once heard a girl in my class say she had dreams about Coach Smith's butt and I don't blame her, she certainly wasn't alone in that confession. I had dreams about that booty on the regular, one might say I say I was obsessed with it... and they would be correct. 

But I didn't dream about Coach Smith's butt solely, I dreamt about every part of him. Coach Smith was a God, in his late twenties he definitely was in fantastic shape; ripped arms, huge thighs, gorgeous calves, perfect pecs, and gorgeous abs (which I could only dream about until recently). Coach Smith wasn't just hot, he was funny, really funny. Everything that came out of his mouth made me laugh, I would gladly do any assignment he asked our class to do because all I wanted to do was please him. If I could make Coach Smith happy then I was happy.

Coach Smith and I had a strange relationship, for me at least I felt like I was more than just a student to him. He and I had a funny banter between us, every joke he made I would come back with another joke and even if none of my classmates thought what I said was funny he always got it. We would poke fun at one another, make wildly inappropriate jokes about the novels we were reading and geek out about comic books with one another. In many ways I feel like he saw himself in me, which I was fine with. Sometimes I felt like we were flirting with each other, or at least the way I acted around him was the way I flirted with someone. 

I'm pretty sure Coach Smith knew I was gay. He asked us once to write what was more important Truth or Compassion and I managed to turn the essay into some diatribe about how people should be more accepting of gays. He gave me a 100. It wasn't like I was the most masculine acting guy in the school either, although when I finally came out after high school people were rather surprised. Coach Smith was a married father and way to respectable of a man to ever cheat on his wife especially with an underage... male... student (the odds were more than stacked against us). 

Well my sophomore year ended, and I parted ways with Coach Smith. I gave him his end of year present (a Thor mask and socks with little cape on the back) and a huge hug. He told me something like "You're a fine young man and I can't wait to see what you do with your life because I have a feeling it's going to be something great." I left his room and cried for 10 minutes in a bathroom stall. 

High school went on. I saw Coach Smith in the hall and we'd talk. But I still missed seeing him everyday and I could sense that he did to, there was just something about how his face lit up whenever he saw me. I graduated top of my class and gave a tear filled speech where I egged on the future while comforting the past and I talked about the teachers that had inspired me, with an extra long pause before I talked about Coach Smith. I saw him after graduation and our conversation went something like this.

"Coach."

"Richard."

"You're class was my favorite of all the classes I've ever taken."

"You were one of my brightest student's too Rich."

"I can't say I'm not going to miss this place."

"Yeah it's funny how kids hate high school when they're in it but miss it when they're out."

"I'm sure going to miss it alot."

"I'm sure it, the school, will miss you too. You really left a mark on this place kid."

"I was just being myself."

"Well don't ever stop doing that, being yourself. In my ten years of teaching I've never encountered a student with so much compassion and understanding. You can't let life rip away from you because it will try to really hard."

"I won't Coach."

"You promise."

"I... I... I promise."

And with that I went on my way.

I kissed Mark good bye as I headed out the door, suitcase in tow.

"Rich you need to hurry, the airline recommends you get there two hours early."

"Mark, that's bullshit and you know it."

"Fine, but if you miss your flight I get to point and laugh at you."

"I'll buy a dunce cap."

"I love you."

"You too babe."

I got hit on by five guys at LAX. Sometimes it's strange living in a place that's so gay friendly after growing up outside Dallas. I can't say it's not flattering but I would never cheat on Mark, my husband of two years, I couldn't betray his trust like that. We made a vow to one another, a vow millions fought for, and I'm not planning on through that away like some right wing asshole said I would. 

The flight to DFW was uneventful, I got hit on by 3 flight attendants (two woman, one man), and there was a little turbulence but I like a little rollercoaster every once and awhile. I landed, got my bag, got called a fag after someone saw I was a member of PFLAG, and met my parents at the pickup lane.

I was a little bit nervous, but who isn't nervous when they come home, especially for your ten year high school reunion. 

"How are things with Mark?" my tremulous anorexic mother asked.

"Good, we're talking about going to Uganda next year to adopt a baby."

"How exciting!"

"Don't talk about that shit around me," said Dad.

"Is that how this trips going to be Jim?"

"The boy knows how I feel about the matter."

"He's our son."

"But the queer PARTNER of his isn't."

"Husband, he's my husband."

"Not in Texas he isn't."

"DO YOU WANT ME TO GET A HOTEL ROOM?"

"Rich NO! Now Jim please, you'll keep your mouth shut if you ever want to see your grandchild."

"It won't be my grandchild."

"Pull over... Pull over!... GOD DAMMIT LET ME OUT OF THIS FUCKING CAR RIGHT NOW BEFORE I PUKE!!! I did NOT come back here to deal with this BULLSHIT! I don't deserve or accept this kind of abuse. I'm a grown adult and I DEMAND respect."

"Take your FUCKING suitcase bigman."

I stood on the side of interstate 30 and watched my parent's Lexus drive off, a covert PFLAG bumper sticker on the bumper, and grinned through the tears.

My hotel room was nice, I'd snagged a swanky room at the local Hilton for cheap with all the airline miles I racked up flying for job. I walked in the room and stripped naked. I laid down on the bed and just breathed. I watched as my stomach rose and fell... rose and fell... rose and...

The following day I awoke abruptly at 6:37 to the sound of a couple fighting in the room next door, from the sound of the door slam I'm betting he cheated on her. I ordered some blueberry pancakes from room service and settled in for some CNN. I called Mark with a mouth full of syrup and blueberry pancakes and tried to swallow as I broke out into tears.

"Your dad?"

"Ah huh."

"How far were you from the airport."

"5 miles."

"Wow that's 3 more than when I came with you last year."

"That's not funny."

"So have you decided on what tie you're wearing to your reunion tonight."

"Ummm what are my options?"

"Do I have to do everything? The royal and shy blue diamond one or the silky red one with the black undertones."

"The red one?"

"Good choice, that one make you look hot."

"I'll make sure to bring it home with. I'm feeling like wearing it again... only it."

"Naughty boy, do I need to spank you?"

"Yes please."

And that's the only part of that conversation you need to hear. 

I arrived at the Reunion at 7:07, I was never one for arriving early for a party but my punctual nature prevents me from being too late, so I felt like 7 minutes late was fine enough. That reunion was in the ballroom at Southfork Ranch, where they had our prom. The decorations were as shitty as the ones for my prom that's for sure, our homecoming/prom queen Jenny Wilson was in charge of them, I mean never trust a straight woman to throw a party that has any kind of actual class. Over the stage where the DJ was hung a banner that said "Welcome back class of 2015!" I cringed at the thought of me graduating ten years ago, it honestly didn't feel like it'd been that long, especially since graduation and that moment with Coach Smith. Coach Smith, now there's a person I hadn't thought about for awhile, I wonder if that beautiful man is still around? I figured one of my classmates that hadn't left town would know so I walked over to my one time fleeting friend Connor Gregory.

"Connor my man!!!"

"Dick Davis, you son of a bitch, is it possible for you to dress like a bigger fag?"

"Hey, at least my hairline hasn't receded like the polar ice caps."

"You were always a fucking eco-terrorist."

"Seriously, I was wondering if Coach Smith was still around here."

"Sure he is! Coach Smith was promoted about 3 years ago to varsity football Coach. MUSTANG PRIDE NEVER DIES!!!"

"Indeed, so do you know how I can get in touch with him."

"Sure, he goes to Mickey's Bar after every loss, so he'll be there tomorrow night."

"Interesting thanks."

"Keep in touch you queer."

"You never let me touch you."

"Good one bud, but seriously it was good seeing you."

"You too."

The rest of the night was one giant blur. All I could think about was Coach Smith. I kept having flashbacks of his beautiful ass and popping a random boner, an action that hadn't been an issue for nearly ten years. Why was I so obsessed with seeing him again? Was this a sign? Should I pursue it? What would Mark think? Would it go anywhere between Coach and I? Oh my God I needed to see him.

Mickey's Bar was a dump. They carpeted walls reeked of vodka and vomit and the would floors were in dire need of some TLC. They Mighty Mustangs, a title which they had never lived up to, had lost as expected so here I was, in a dingy dive bar, in my home town, trying to pick up my 10th grade English teacher. Was that what was trying to do? Have sex with Coach Smith? I guess so. And then I saw him.

Have you ever had one of those moments where the universe seems to stand still? It's like all the air has been sucked from your lungs and yet it feels amazing all at the same time. That's exactly how felt when I saw Coach Smith, still gorgeous as ever (apparently he was the George Clooney type because if anything he'd gotten better looking with age.) He was certainly older, his hair had a 90s Jay Leno style grey patch in the front and there were a few more wrinkles on his forehead then there were 10 years ago, but if anything that just served to dignify his boyish charm. His arms were still as humongous as ever and his ass just as perky. He was shooting pool with the assistant coach, who I recognized as the former varsity captain of the football team, and I watched his ass as he bent over to take a shot, 4 ball back corner pocket. I considered going over to him, but figured it wasn't an ideal time, so I just ordered a Jack and Coke instead and sat down in a corner booth across from the pool tables so I could still see the view. 

At around 11:45 I was getting ready to leave, because I was bored, tired, and a bit sweaty from the nerves, when all of a sudden our eyes met.

"Is that? Is that Rich Davis? I believe it is? How you been bud?"

I lost it, everything I'd longed to say to him for 12 years seemed to rush up inside me all at once and I stood up from my booth, strutted right towards him, and kiss him right on the mouth. What was I doing? Surely this isn't going to end well? But then I felt something, tongue. I felt Coach Smith's tongue inside my mouth. HOLY SHIT!!! This couldn't be happening, I couldn't be kissing my old teacher.

"Where are you staying?"

"Ow! Don't bite my lip so hard."

"Sorry," Coach Smith said with a stupid grin on his face.

"The Hilton."

"You got a car here?"

"A rental, why?"

"Because your going to take me back to your hotel room."

"Wait? Aren't you married?"

"Divorced."

"Okay then."

It was the hottest 4 miles I'd ever driven in my entire life. The whole time Coach Smith was kissing my neck and biting my ear. I couldn't stand it, I almost swerved off the road four times and I'm pretty sure I ran at least one red light. He'd started undressing dressing me in the elevator up to my room and by the time I got the door open he was holding my jacket, tie, shirt, and belt, and my pants were around my ankles.

We got in the room and I turned the light on, I wanted to talk for a second but he kept coming at me.

"Coach. Coach Smith!"

"Call me Frank," he said as he grabbed my ass as ran his tongue across my hairy chest.

"Whoa Frank. What is going on right now?"

"What you don't like it?" he said, as he slipped his hand inside the back of my boxer briefs.

"No no no no, I do it's just."

"Good, because I was fixing to say you were the one that started this," he said, this time his finger was teasing my tight hole. 

My back arched as I pushed my hips against his, my shoulders against the wall. "Why... OH MY GOD!!! Why me? Why now?"

"Shhhhhh," he whispered, a finger placed across my lips, as he slid down my body, slowly pulling down my Calvins.

"But. But. FUCK!!!" I was overcome with pleasure as he took my 7 inch cock in his mouth. My mind was racing. I couldn't believe that the teacher I'd lusted after in high school, the supposedly straight football coach, was giving me a blow job.

"Stop thinking so much," he said taking my rock hard cock out of his mouth, "just relax and have fun babe, I promise it will be the best night of your life."

"It already is."

I was suddenly overcome with this animalistic drive, I picked Frank up and tossed him on the bed. With a surprised look on his face, I grinned, bit my lip and dove. I had him down to his underwear within ten seconds. When I got to his Thor boxers, I chuckled for a second, kissed him passionately, and then yanked his boxers off in one swoop. He laughed as I kissed him on the mouth and then started moving down; I kissed his neck, his clavicle bones, I spent a little extra time on his perfect Hershey kiss nipples, and I kissed my way down his abs, down his V, and I licked his pubic creased, which made him squirm. Then I stopped to admire his perfect dick. It was only 6 inches, shorter than mine but it was as thick as a coke can, luckily for him I have a big mouth.

When I took him in my mouth he called out my name, "Rich, oh my God, Rich! Please don't stop baby!" I laughed out loud.

"What? Why are you laughing?"

"You're a screamer!"

"What you don't like it?"

"No, it's super hot, I just always imagined you as more of a stoic grunter when you were having sex."

"You imagined me?"

"Shut the fuck up," I said as I hit him with a pillow and lightly bit the head of his dick.

"Ow!" 

"Don't be an asshole."

"Speaking of assholes."

All of a sudden he grabbed be and flipped me over. I moaned as he started rimming me.

"Wow, you've done this before."

"A couple times."

"To any other former students?"

"No, you're actually the first of my former students that I've even eaten their assholes."

"So I'm special."

"Very," and with that his tongue went deep inside me and was lost in space.

"SHIT!"

"What is it Rich?"

"I forgot condoms."

"Well shit!"

"What are we going to do?"

"Um ask the front desk?"

"No thank you, I have to look them in the eye when I check out tomorrow."

"Fine, then what?"

"There's a CVS down the street."

"Are you serious?"

"What? Those employees are used to late night condom runs."

"Not when it's their former English teacher they're not."

"Really? Who?"

"Sue Sanders."

"Oh right, she did meth."

"Yep, the teeth."

"Okay well you can wait in the car while I go get them."

"You sure?"

"Positive."

"Okay then, where are the keys?"

I really hate buying condoms. It's so awkward. Nobody in the exchange wants to be there; not you, not the cashier, not the mom behind you buying kids shampoo and a purple hair scrunchie. If we're being perfectly honest here everybody knows why you're buying condoms at 1 am and it shouldn't be awkward because everybody over the age of 14 is having sex in this country but still they judge you. If anything a person should be awarded for purchasing condoms, you should get a certificate when you check out that says, "Thank you for not polluting our society with an unwanted child and/or sexually transmitted disease." But still you get shame faced by the granny buying adult diapers. At least I don't shit my pants.

When I got back to the car all bets were off. I opened the door to see Frank jerking off his giant coke can dick and grinning. He yanks me into the car and tosses me into the back seat.

"I'm glad I got the SUV."

"Shut up. Where are the condoms?"

"In the bag."

"Put one one me."

"Yessir."

The lube felt cold when he squirted it on my asshole. I felt Coach Smith's monster dickhead rub against my asshole and I took a deep breath in. He began to press and all of a sudden he was in."

"FUCK!!!"

"That's right baby, you like my dick don't you? Do you want me to stick it it farther"

"Please, let me have it." I squeezed my asshole, trying to pull him further inside me but he pulled out instead. I twitched in agony as he rubbed his dick around my asshole, teasing me as he rubbed my hairy stomach. Then he stuck just the head back inside and pulled it out really quickly as I squirmed, he did this over and over until I was begging for his cock and then BAM.

"Holy shit mother of GOD!!!"

"Yeah baby take that. You like it when Coach Smith fucks your ass?"

"Yessir Coach, I love it when you're inside me!"

"Goodboy."

The car windows steamed up and rocked side to side as Coach Smith dilled me. He had a good rhythm going 2 strokes slow, 3 strokes fast, and so on. He fucked me for what seemed like hours. Doggystyle, piggystyle, balloonstyle, whatever-style, we did it, he fucked me good. He jerked me off and he fuck my ass and the closer to edge both of us near the louder and more vulgar it got.

"YOU LIKE IT WHEN I FUCK YOU SLUT?"

"HOLY FUCK YES! FUCK ME HARDER YOU WHORE! FUCK ME LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT! DRILL ME INTO THE GROUND!"

"Holy shit I'm getting close! I'M GETTING CLOSE!!!"

"Cum in my ass baby! CUM IN MY ASS!!!"

I felt his dick expand as he rammed my ass. My cum shot out of my cock. The first stream hit the car window and then my forehead, mouth, chest, stomach, and then oozed all over my dick, covering Frank's and in my cum. He licked it all off ass he pulled out from inside me, leaving me feeling empty. We fell asleep in each other's arms.

I awoke alone, to the tap of a CVS employee on my rental's window. I sat up covering my soft dick with my hands and I saw a note fall off my chest and land on the floor. I yanked on my pants with one hand as I read the note.

"Sorry I had to leave so soon, I had to go watch game footage with the coaching staff. Last night was the best night of my life. I hope I can see you again. Please don't hesitate to come to another game, I promise I'll make it worth your while. Tell your husband he's welcome to join us next time (saw the ring). As for your question you asked me last night before I silenced you will my amazing blow job skills, I knew I wanted to be with you the first time I laid eyes on you. You walked into my class with that ridiculous striped shirt on, and you giant backpack, on the first day of school and I was like "This kid is special." I could tell you were wise way beyond your years, not to mention cute as hell, and I wanted you. So I waited and we laughed together and I cried when you graduated but I moved on. But when I saw you in that bar last night, looking nervous and cute all at once, with beads of sweat rolling down your face, I felt something, I was as if the universe had stopped and all the air had been taken from my lungs... but I liked it.
