 Walking up the stairs, Melania heard her brother Lucas walking around his room. She wondered about his and Calen's outing to the property earlier. The expression she saw on Luke's face when Calen walked in during the meeting was priceless. She knew she HAD to bug him about it.

"Hey can I come in?" Melania asked as she softly knocked on Luke's slightly opened door.

"Hey sis, come in."

"What are you doing?" Melania asked.

"Just folding and putting my clothes away."

"Wow, my little brother ACTUALLY folding his own laundry!" Melania did a fake gasp and looked outside his window.

"What are you looking for Mel?"

"Pigs flying." Melania answered back.

"Ha, smartass!" Lucas gave her a grin and finished folding the last of his clothes.

"So, how was it?" asked Melania.

"How was what? What are you talking about?" Lucas responded with a grin on his face as if he did something naughty.

"Oh you know, that little excursion you had with that guy. Gosh I can't think of his name...you know...that one guy...YOUR MATE?"

"Oh him?!"

Melania rolled her eyes and grinned at her brother. She loved him but at times wanted to hit him.

"It went good. We picked up some burgers and we ate at the lake house. You should of seen him, he was all kinds of clumsy."

"Clumsy?"

"Yeah, he nearly dropped our food then tripped while walking up the stairs to the deck. But lucky for him I was there to catch him."

"Lucky for him or lucky for you?"

"Maybe both!" Lucas answered as he closed the drawer to this dresser.

"You made him trip didn't you Luke?"

"Now Melania, would I do something like that?!" Lucas smiled.

Both siblings laughed. All day Lucas wore a smile on his face. You'd think he had won the lottery. In essence, he has. Calen was finally in his presence and it felt so good.

"You should of seen him fumbling with his words and then turning red in the face. It was cute."

"Aww. I'm glad the day turned out in your favor today Lucas. I see that spark in your spirit again."

Lucas put his clothes away and sat down on his bed beside Melania. He knew things had to really flow naturally with Calen or he could risk loosing him again. This was not an option. He waited too long to find his love. 

Melania saw his smile fade and knew something was wrong, "What's wrong?" she asked.

"I saw it in his eyes."

"What?" Melania asked wanting to know what stopped Lucas' sudden happiness.

"I saw his hurt. You know when you said you saw it in his eyes, I saw it. It wasn't until we got to the lake house and started eating that I noticed it. It was like he was replaying whatever his troubles are over and over in his head. I asked him what was wrong and he really didn't want to talk about it."

"Well that's why Martin and I said to take it slow with him. He is going to be yours Luke, no doubt about it, but it's going to take time. Also remember that he doesn't know of our kind." Lucas breathed in a heavy sigh. Melania was right. 

"I know, but him not knowing that we are lycans doesn't seem as big to me. Actually I think it wouldn't even matter. I think having someone who won't betray him or hurt him is more important."

"Well I hope so Lucas."

Melania playfully shoved Luke in an effort to get him to smile again. She knew that the waiting is going to be rough for Luke. But she reassured him that she will be there for him. She could see the eagerness in her brother and it was straining him already.

"Let's go down stairs and eat. Grant woke up a little bit ago and he is waiting for us with Martin and Marco."

"Speaking of which, I saw Grant today at the office after we had the meeting."

"Martin wanted him to oversee the contracts one final time before the deal was settled. I talked to him a little bit before and he seemed cheerful." Melania said.

"He came to Calen's office while I was in there with Calen working on the plans."

Melania was puzzled on where Luke was going with this.

"He did?"

"Yup. Calen let him in and needless to say it was a shock to see him walk in. I haven't seen him in years. I hugged him and then both of us sat down at Calen's desk."

Melania nodded her head.

"After we sat, he had this look to him. Just smiling real big and even winked at Calen a couple times when he would make a comment."

Melania nodded her head and knew what was going on.

"Calen shook his hand and it irritated me so much. I couldn't believe I felt that way towards Grant and Calen. It was just a simple handshake." Lucas stood up and walked towards his window. 

"Well, I don't blame you. Grant left his scent on Calen. Plus he doesn't know that Calen is yours. You never did tell him about Calen right? I'm not talking about now, but after he rescued you?"

Lucas turned and faced his sister, "No."

"How come?"

"Because I knew how he would of acted. You know Grant, he is not one for commitment and you know how he likes to play the field."

"Yes I know how he is." Melania said.

"I just didn't want him making fun of me back then, especially falling for a human. You know I looked up to him when we were younger." Lucas stopped then continued, "I love him as a brother but the look he had told me something else. I felt uneasy with him looking at Calen. Why do you think I was glad Calen almost fell at the lake house? I needed to leave my scent on him."

Grant was a known playboy in the pack. Lucas and Grant were the last 2 in the pack without any mates. Grant was in no hurry to settle down any time soon and he liked it that way. He was able to do what he wanted and do WHO ever he wanted. No fuss no muss. Martin was upset with Grant's attitude towards finding a mate. He would casually ask Grant if he found anyone "special" and Grant would simply grinned and answered no. At first, Martin thought Grant some how suppressed those feelings, then thought that he hasn't found the one yet. Only time would tell. Grant dated a few members of the pack, but nothing ever came from them.

"What would you do if Grant persists?" Melania asked hoping the answer Lucas would give wouldn't put him in any trouble with the pack or get anyone hurt for that matter.

Looking at Melania, Lucas gave her a stern answer, "Stand my ground. Calen is mine and I will let Grant know it."

That wasn't want Melania wanted to hear but she knew Lucas was right. In all her life she has never heard of two lycans recognizing the same person as their mate. She didn't know what to do or say. 

"Let's go down stairs. I am hungry!"

"Right behind ya sis!" Lucas replied back.

Luke Gently stepped on the back of Melania's shoe, making it come half way off. Luke then proceeded to cut in front of her and run.

"ASSHOLE!"

Melania growled and quickly ran after him. Grown lycans acting like cubs; sweet bliss.

***************************

Arriving at Antony's, the waiter escorted William and Natalie to their table. William pulled out Natalie's chair and carefully scooted her in. William took his seat at the opposite end. The waiter handed the couple their menus and said he would return shortly to take their orders. Both looked at the menus and then set them aside. Natalie took in a deep breath; her nerves were getting to her. 

"This is a nice place Natalie."

"Yes it is. Calen and I have been eating here ever since they opened it 3 years ago." Natalie answered back.

"Really? Well no wonder they know your orders easily!" William let out a soft laugh as well as Natalie. 

"So Miss Velarde, tell me more about yourself."

"What would you like to know?"

"Anything." William said back with a warm smile on his face.

"Well, I've been a real estate agent for 6 years now and love it. I had wanted to become and interior designer but that was put on the back burner after Mitchell died. So I needed to get a career fast and make a living. I started around the same time Calen did. My son Miggy, is the light of my life and has been ever since I found out I was pregnant with him. His father is still near and dear to my heart and I see him in Miggy's face."

William could see Natalie's smile start to fade. He didn't want to bring up any painful memories on their first date.

"But I've learned to move on and if it wasn't for Calen, I'd be lost right now." she added.

William leaned in closer as if he didn't want to miss any word that came out of his chosen's mouth. The sweet red lips, moving with such grace with each word spoken. So inviting. William was in a trance.

"How long have you and Calen been friends?"

"Gosh, he and I have known each other since we were five years old- so for 23 years."

"That's a long time."

"It is, but it seems longer though. We have had our ups and downs but we have always stuck by each other's side."

The waiter soon came and brought out the wine. He carefully poured the red wine in each glass. Natalie took a sip. Those lips, William envied the glass.

"I like how your face lights up when you talk about Calen." William said as he took a sip from his glass.

"He's my angel; sometimes he's my splitting headache!" Natalie said as she giggled.

William smiled in return.

"He was the one who broke the news to me about Mitchell. He was close to him too; almost like brothers. Both had their fair share of family drama and could relate to each other."

William nodded his head and took another sip.

"I can see why you and him are close."

"I remember him just grabbing me and holding me in his arms when the news suddenly sunk in. I broke down and he just held me and let me cry."

Natalie took in a deep breath. She remember when Calen told her about Mitchell's death. It's only now she can talk about it without crying. But still, it hurt.

"He was going through some stuff of his own at the time and he stood by me through it all. He helped with Mitchell's funeral arrangements, he took me to all of my doctor appointments I had while I was pregnant, and he was there with me when I gave birth to Miggy. We are inseparable."

"Calen sounds like a phenomenal person."

"He is. I love it when he is with Miggy. The both of them together make me smile. You should of seen him the first few nights, he would wake up and feed him and even changed him. But he nearly threw up when Miggy spit up on him. It was too funny. I was still in a funk then since Mitchell had died, but seeing his expression and all the dry heaving he did when the vomit landed on his neck was priceless! I laughed so hard I cried! He's going to be a great dad someday."

"I think he already is!" William responded.

"He is." Natalie smiled.

The waiter came back and took their orders. Natalie ordered the grilled chicken breast with steamed vegetables and wild rice. William ordered grilled Tilapia with steamed red potatoes. They handed the menus back to waiter.

Silence filled the air between the two for a few seconds. Natalie looked around. She saw Shaynah, another real estate agent, across the room. Shaynah spotted Natalie and quickly waved to her. Natalie returned the wave back.

"Sorry, I saw a friend of mine."

"Don't apologize Natalie." William smiled.

Silence.

"It's your turn. Tell me about yourself William."

"What would you like to know?"

"Everything." answered Natalie as she sipped her wine.

"Well I was born in a small town..."

"You don't have to start that early on." Natalie chuckled out.

William grinned. "Ok lets see, I have been a pediatrician for over 10 years now and love it. I worked at a children's hospital for at least 9 years.

Looking into Natalie's eyes, William was absolutely smitten with her; beauty, compassion, grace, just everything about her. Her scent mingled in William's nose again. His inner wolf paced inside wanting to claim her, but he held back. He loved her.

"Then you decided to move to a smaller town?" asked Natalie.

"Pretty much. Don't get me wrong, I love the kids I saw as patients and I loved working at the hospital, but I wanted something different. At first when I first started here, I had mixed feelings. It wasn't until 8 days being here that something changed that for me."

"What was that?"

"The mother of one of my patient's."

Natalie was shocked by the answer and William could see her expression. A brush of heat came over her and before she knew it, William reached across the table and took her hand in his. She looked up at William only to see him gazing at her. She looked into his eyes and saw a faint glow in them. She thought it was the reflection from the candle lights, but can candle light reflect green from a person's eyes? Natalie blinked and the glow in William's eyes was gone. Maybe it was the glare from the candles. Maybe. The warmth that Natalie felt from William's hands sent a faint tingling sensation up her body. The few days leading up to the date, Natalie and William talked over the phone several times. He sent her flowers to her office and she sent him chocolates to his. They got close very quickly. She never had this happen to her before, not even with Mitchell, but here she was feeling something deep for this man that she hardly knew.

"William, I...I'm flattered." Natalie somehow muttered out.

"It's the truth Natalie. These past few days, you are all I think about." Natalie breathed in and sighed. She didn't know what to make of all this and William could tell she was getting a bit nervous. "I hope I didn't shock you."

"Well it's not every day that I get a compliment like that William. I guess I am a bit tongue tied." Natalie let out a soft, but nervous giggle. The waiter soon appeared with their food. The sight of the waiter was a huge relief for Natalie. She didn't know what to do or what to say. She wanted to go to the ladies room and call Calen, but she felt it would have been rude to do that to William. Plus Calen had a bunch of paper work and she didn't want to take him away from that. She wanted dinner to go by quickly, only because she wanted to talk more with William. Not that they couldn't talk while eating, but how can someone be romantic with chicken in their mouth? 

"Lucas told me he and Calen are fixing up some house?" William asked, trying to change the subject and not wanting there to be silence while they ate.

"They are fixing up a lake house that's right outside of town. Calen is in charge of the project."

"How far from town is it?"

"It's about 3 miles from town. There's a dirt road at the last stop sign. Turn into it and there it is. It's a real nice area."

"What are they trying to fix up?"

"I'm not too sure since I'm not part of that project, but Calen says it needs a new paint job, new roof, the floors need to be re-done, and they plan to rearrange a few of the window fixtures."

"Doesn't sound like too much."

"Actually the less problems, means more work. Sounds redundant, but in my experience, when there are 4 or 5 things that needs fixing, those 4 or 5 things are damaged to the max. So when we get house inspectors we hope to hear at least 10 things wrong with the house, because usually they are minor."

"Is there anyone interested in the property?"

"Not that I know of. But sometimes we don't get interest until we are half way done with the house."

Natalie sipped her wine and looked around. She really didn't want to talk about real estate, neither did William. 

The conversation about the property went on throughout dinner. After paying for dinner, William took Natalie's coat and gently placed it on her and walked out of the restaurant. William opened the door to his car to let Natalie in. The night was still young and William really didn't want to take Natalie home just yet. He knew she had to tend to little Miggy but since Calen was watching over him maybe she can stay out a little longer. Natalie herself didn't want the night to end just yet. But she figured she had to call Calen just to check up on Miguel.

"Hey, what are you doing?" Natalie asked Calen.

-Hey Nat! I just finished my paper work and watching some TV.

"How's Miggy?"

-He's doing good. I burped him after his bottle and he spit up on me.

Natalie giggled out loud.

"Only with you!"

-I know, only with me and it's the worst kind too!

"But everything is ok right?"

-Yes everything is ok. Are you on your way home already?

"Not sure. But I just wanted to check up on Miggy. I will see you later."

-Bye Nat.

"Bye."

Natalie put her cell back in her purse. William looked over at her, "How's Miggy doing?"

"He's fine. He spit up on Calen but he's ok."

"Good." William smiled. Driving around town, William looked at the moon and knew that in a few days it will be a full moon out. He loved it when it was full. The misconception was that Werewolves only turn during the full moon. It wasn't the case. It only holds true when a person is bitten and turned into a werewolf. Their first change is during a full moon. It was a hard and painful process that couldn't be avoided. But after their first initial change, it tends to get somewhat easier. After a few years, it becomes really simple and they are able to shift whenever they wanted.

***************************

Driving past the theater, they saw that it was closed. Still driving around town, Natalie suggested that they head to the town square. The town square was a huge open area with grass and a huge gazebo right in the middle of it. They have a yearly carnival there and the high school hosted agricultural fairs there as well. Some nights they have outdoor bands and symphonies and other nights a big, white screen was brought in and movies from the 40s, 50s, and 60s were shown. Tonight a small jazz band was playing and Natalie loved jazz music. Since they couldn't go to the movies they could go dancing. William parked the car and both of them walked towards the gazebo. It was a beautiful night. The stars were out and bright, the moon was bright, a light breeze flew by that felt cool to the skin. The string of lights that hung on each tree, along with the lamp posts, illuminated the town square. Natalie and William walked around, seeing little kids running around, couples holding each other and others dancing. The jazz singer, a beautiful older black woman, stood in front of a huge grand piano singing an old school love song. Natalie stopped to listen. William put his arm around her and brought her closer to him. Natalie responded by laying her head on him. They continued to listen to the song until it finished. After the clapping from the audience stopped, the song Serenade in Blue started. William loved the song and asked Natalie to dance.

"I love the oldies." William said as he held Natalie in his arms.

"Glenn Miller. My parents listened to his stuff a lot. My favorite is Moonlight Serenade." Natalie responded back.

"Moonlight Serenade huh? Do you like the moonlight/"

"Yeah, I like the moonlight." William thought it was ironic or maybe even fateful that she would pick a song with "Moonlight" in it. Maybe too much of a coincidence?

"I like the moonlight too. There's something mysterious about it. Especially when it's a full moon out; so bright but yet its dark. I love it."

Natalie smiled at William. She did like the moonlight but she was never one to go outside even when it's a full moon out. With work and her son, she's usually in bed and is sound asleep.

"You must be related to Calen."

"How so?" asked William.

"He loves it when the moon is full. When he used to live with his parents, he would go walking out back on his ranch or ride one of his horses. He said it calmed him." Calen would go outside at night almost every night. If the moon was full, that was when he would saddle his horse and go for a moon light ride. He loved the peace and quietness of a full moon. If he had things going on, a moon light ride seemed to always clear his head. But after leaving home and there was hardly any time to go out riding; even at night. He was so tired with work and helping with Miggy that he couldn't bring himself to go out riding. He did however sit in his chair on the porch. It wasn't as soothing as riding, but it was the next best thing. He wanted to go back home when it was a full moon out just to get it out of his system but knew going back would mean arguing with his mom or dad about something and it would cause him to get in a bad mood. 
