 I am a good looking 45 year old straight man with a slim toned body and what I would say small to average in the pants. 5 inches rounded up is what it measures. From looking at porn and seeing plenty of girls taking men with quite large and thicker dicks, I started to get very curious about what one would be like to hold and play with.

One day on the internet, I found a site that I could meet guys and possibly set up a play date. I am 45 and I really could only see myself with an older gentleman with some gay experience. He should be late 50s to 60s and masculine. I was preferring a married guy who was needing a safe discreet sex friend because of a lackluster sex life in his marriage. 

One Saturday morning my wife went to work and I was still in bed. I was so horny and was watching some porn. I started looking at the site where men could hook up. I thought this was going to be a quick look and move on to some more porn sites. Not this time. I was messaged by a guy in his 60s who said he could not host in his house but could play in his barn. I had a few hours before my wife would be home and so did he, so we agreed to meet at the hardware store and check each other out.

I quickly hopped in the shower. I shaved my pubic hair, soaped and rinsed, dried and got dressed. I put on some silky tight black boxers, jeans, and t-shirt and headed for the hardware store. Thirty minutes later, I pulled up to his car in the parking lot. Rolled down the window and said, "hi, are you Vince?" He replied that he was and told me to hop in his car. 

I got into his car and he really liked what he saw. He said he couldn't believe that I was interested in someone his age. He had a goatee and nice muscular body with a little bit of a beer gut. Very much what I was looking for. He surprised me by grabbing my cock through my jeans and felt that I was glad to see him. I was so horny all morning that my dick was so easily excited. He asked if I wanted to go to his place now. I agreed and we were soon driving through his neighborhood.

We parked in his driveway and walked to the backyard where his barn was. He opened the doors wide and we walked in. He undid my jeans and pulled them down. He saw my hard bulge and rubbed me through my boxers. He slid them down and began tasting my pre-cum dripping tip. He put me in his mouth and tickled me with his facial hair. I was so ready to start squirting in his mouth and pulled back out. I did not want to cum too fast or miss the enjoyment of his cock. I still had not seen what was waiting for me. I turned around with my ass to him until I calmed down enough to know that I would not cum. He took that as a hint to start tonguing and fingering my hole. It felt good but it didn't make me get too close to the edge. I couldn't believe I was getting rimmed and fingered and it felt good. I guess I could look forward to anal sex at some point but not today.

I turned back to face him and said I wanted to see what he was hiding in his pants. He had already unzipped his jeans and I took them the rest of the way down along with his Jockey pants. Next I was looking at his long wide cock with a fat mushroom head. He was rock hard and so huge! It was the biggest I had ever seen in person. Comparing to gym showers and of course those guys would be limp. Honestly I tried to put him in my mouth and it was so difficult for me to not gag. In fact I could barely get the head in my mouth.

He really wanted to go back to giving me oral and so I sat on a lounge chair and let him. As soon as I felt the facial hair tickling my balls and seeing this man sucking me...I lost all control and told him, "I am going to cum now!" He went crazy on my cock! He sucked me so hard and drank my week long load that shot more times than ever before. He hummed and was mmmmm-ing on me. Soon I couldn't take anymore of his servicing and had to push him off of it. I was too sensitive and he licked all my cum off his fingers and me. I just laid in the chair panting and looking at him. It was the best blowjob ever! I am so hard even right now writing about. 

He then walks up to me while I am still in the chair recovering and puts his huge cock up to my face. He says "my turn." Now to be absolutely honest with you, this is real life and my sex drive just went back to reset because I came like no other time in my life just minutes ago. Normally after I cum (from masturbation) I clean up and get dressed and have no desire for anything sexual for at least a little while.

I couldn't suck him very well because of his size and my gag reflex was kicking in. I started stroking him but he wanted my mouth back on him. So I held his tip in my mouth and I rubbed his glans with my tongue and the hand I was stroking him with. He started to moan and show his approval and soon he shot his cum into my mouth. I thought about drinking him to be respectful but I couldn't. His cum was dripping down my chin and landing on my limp smaller spent cock. It was very strange giving pleasure to him after cumming. 

Before I came, I probably would have swallowed his cum and perhaps become hornier. I always wondered how a guy could cum and then perform still. Would he get horny again? Or was it pure service at that time? To me it was pure service but when I look back on it, I would do it again because of how good that blowjob was. The tickling of his hairy chin on my soft balls and the humming on me was so intense! A man really does know how to get a man off. That is just fact!!

So we pulled our pants back up. We never completely undressed in case someone would walk back unexpectedly. He drove me back to my car and every now and then he would rub me through my jeans and tell me how much he wanted to do this on regular basis. I agreed and told him I usually can't do Saturdays but if I can, he will be the first to know. This was my first and only time and I plan on trying it again. Perhaps being topped is in the future but I don't think I could with him. For his large cock, oral is still going to take some practice.