 Those words echoed in my ear. 

"Same thing tomorrow"

As I lay naked on the shower room floor, I was finally alone. He had left, I was still breathless and I could still taste his sweet cum. My own erection was begging for attention, and it didn't take long before I was spurting my own cum all over me. 

As I got into my car, I sat in the drivers seat wondering if that had actually just happened, how had that turned into my favour? Will I actually see him again tomorrow? 

The next day at work, I was sat at my desk, in a constant state of arousal. Excitement was coursing through my body as I reminisce and look forward to later on. I couldn't help my self at lunch, there was nothing stopping me from going into the bathroom stall at lunch, pulling down the zip in my suit trousers and jerking off. I thought of him as I came. I took the last bit of my own cum dripping from my cock and tasted it to remind me of him, how he violated my mouth just a few hours before. 

By time I got home, my erection was aching, longing for attention from him, wanting to explode from his touch. I wanted his warm wet mouth all over my hard shaft, I wanted his tongue to play with my balls and to not so innocently find it's way to my hungry hole. He didn't know it but his absence was teasing me, I was desperate. 

Later that evening, I walked into the gym, trying my best to hide my real reason for being there. My eyes searched for him, but I couldn't see him. Maybe I was too early. My usual workout brought me into my usual sweaty mess and the longer his absence continued the sweatier I got waiting for him. 

Two hours later, every exercise I could think of completed, exhausted I admitted defeat. Disappointed, I realised this was a one time thing. 

Leaving the gym, I notice as I get to my car, a parking ticket slipped under wiper blades. 

"Just my fucking luck" I mumbled under my breath in frustration. 

Upon second glance, I realise this is no parking ticket but a note, folded and carefully placed where I would find it. 

-- 

Go to the co-op on the edge of town and turn right into the country lane. 

3 miles drive to the woods. 

Chad.

--

So I knew his name, but also how reckless this was. I couldn't help feel the danger in the situation. I lived near the co-op and so I would make my mind up on the way, looking back I already knew what my decision was. And so I turned right and drove 3 miles. As I arrived, I saw him. I saw him in the moonlight, leaning against his car smoking a cigarette. 

"You took your time," said Chad flirtingly. 

"I was waiting at the gym for you before I saw the note. I'm Oliver by the way."

He gestured his head over to the left heading into the woods "Come" 

"Oh I intend to this time". 

Off we walked in silence. He didn't say a word, and I don't know why I didn't either, maybe a mix of nerves and excitement. 

I could feel my dick growing in my pants as I walked, imagining what he had in store for me. 

We must of walked for 15 minutes before I realised I was walking alone. My heart skipped a beat and I quickly turned around. I sighed relief as I saw him, back against tree, legs apart, unzipping his jeans. His ability to get me instantly hard was incredible. My cock was begging to be freed. Unbuckling the top button, and opening the zip, he pushed his jeans down over his hip and exposed his underwear. I could see his excitement. Slowly I walked over to him, I put one hand on the tree by his head and the other on the outside of his boxers grabbing his cock. I kissed him. Briefly I felt his lips kiss mine back. This moment of ecstasy seemed to last a life time. Paused in time, locked against each other. 

He softly pushed me away. 

"I didn't bring you here for that" 

I didn't need telling twice. Slowly I got down to my knees, and pulled his jeans down to his ankles. I slithered my hand up his boxer shorts and grabbed his enlarged excited cock. I took his head in my mouth through his boxers. I couldn't ignore my own cock any longer, and I freed it from my joggers. I pulled his now soaking wet boxers down, and placed my grip at the base of his shaft. I could see he was dripping pre-cum. My tongue lapped it up before my mouth engulfed his head. Moving my hand up and down his thick cock, I concentrated my mouth and tongue on his pulsing head. 

"All fucking day I've been waiting for this" he said breathing as I had my mouthful of his impressive manhood. 

He placed his hand on my head, and I could feel him jerking. I heard his familiar grunting. He was about to cum. Immediately I stopped, I let go and stood up. 

"That's not what I've come here for". 

I could see his frustration, in fact I could still taste it. 

I slipped my tshirt off, still inches from his face. I pulled my joggers the rest of the way down and stepped out of them, stretching the leg holes over my sneakers. 

Walking a few metres away from him, I found a tree stump. I kneeled down on the woodland floor and elbows on the stump. I parted my knees and looked back. I love the feeling of feeling my hard cock and balls freely hanging, swinging between my legs as I'm bent over. Arching my back slightly exposing my vulnerable hole. 

I watch him pull his jeans up so he can walk over to me. I place my forehead on the stump in front of me and wait for his next move. 

I feel him kneel behind me. Hear him spit on his raging hard on. Feel him place his hands on my buttocks, and slightly spread them. I feel him spit on my hole and rub it in with the tip of his penis. I feel him. 

I moan, and I feel him slowly push his solid cock against my hole prizing it open. As I relax, I feel him slide inside me. I have to bite my own hand as I feel his girth stretch my hole that's wrapped tightly around him. With his hands on my hips, he pulls me closer, making sure every last bit of his meat is inside me. 

Slowly he starts moving his hips, and I can feel his cock moving inside me, enjoying every moment I feel his cock slightly pull out of me and slide it's way back in balls deep. 

As he starts to pick up pace, I feel him sliding in and out, soon thrusting hard against me. It's not long before he's fucking me hard against the tree stump, thrust after thrust, slamming his cock into me time after time, his balls slapping against me. 

As I reach for my cock, I feel him stop me, and pushes my hand back infront of me. He carefully places palm on my throat and wraps his fingers around my neck. Still fucking me hard and deep. His 9inch thick cock penetrating me mercilessly. My cries of ecstasy go unheard in these empty woods. I feel him pick up his pace, and with one final hard pump, he screams out and I feel his juices flood my insides. I didn't need a hand on my dick, he'd made me cum without any help. My orgasm had charged through my body as he came. My balls ached as I came so intensely. 

Slowly I feel him, slide out of my satisfied hole as he stood. I couldn't quite stand yet, but instead enjoyed my now gaping hole ooze his cum down my ballsack. 

He inserted two fingers into me and kissed my neck. 

"Taste me" he said, removing his fingers and put them in my mouth. 

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw something move in the distance. 

"Someone's watching us" 

Unstartled, he simply said "I know, that's my brother James."