 It was my first semester at college and my first big assessment. My physics assignment was due in two days and I was trying to finish it early, once I had completed it I printed out a hard copy just in case the computer fails and I left on my desk. The night before it was due I had a fraternity meet up, since I was new I was one of the pledges, before they made us do some embarrassing things but nothing too major. I was only small and was teased for looking really young all of my schooling, so I wanted a bunch of friends to support me and be part of a fraternity.

When I arrived the leaders instructed that all the pledges will be splitting up with the one of the head brothers for a one on one tasks. We all thought that was a bit weird, but assumed nothing bad was going to happen. I got paired with brother Dean who was one of the older frats there, he was pretty big so I thought if I got to know him he could protect me a bit. It was weird because it seemed he volunteered to be with me, so I guess I stick out from the crowd. 

Dean seem like a pretty cool dude and he told me not to stress about the task I have to do. I asked if it was some sort of interview process, he laughed and told me, 

"Yeah it's a type of hands-on interview".

We went back to my dorm to do the one on one interview, it's convenient that I got lucky and haven't got a roommate so it was just us. He sat at my computer desk, just chatting friendly and stuff, he asked about if I had any assignments due. So I loaded up my computer and showed him my physics one I just completed. 

"Cool dude looks like you put a lot of effort into it, good job!", he said kindly. 

He seemed like a really cool guy. However, abruptly he deleted my assignment off my computer. 

"Hey what the fuck man!" I shouted. 

He noticed my last copy on my desk printed out and grabbed it, I tried to grab it off him but he pushed me away, he was just too strong. 

"What the hell are you doing?" I asked. 

Dean, laughing said. 

"Look at your little bitch face! Don't worry I'm not going to do anything to this, that's of course if you listen to me and do as I say."

"Fine, fine. Just don't wreak it, it's my only copy and it's due tomorrow" I hesitantly replied. I knew there was something fishy about this meet up. 

He grabbed his phone out and started filming me. 

"What the fuck are you doing?" I asked. 

"Now if you want this assignment back you're going to have to do everything I say, you got it bitch" he said to me. 

I was so anxious about losing it I agreed. I couldn't lose it or my parents would kill me for failing. 

"Now listen here bitch. I'm going to film you doing some shit and I don't want to hear you complain one little bit. As soon as I hear one little bit of complaining I'm going to rip this to shreds... you got it?"

"Yeah, fine" I said unwillingly. 

I knew that I was in for long night. 

"First I want you to take all your clothes off and get to your knees!" he said sternly. 

I was so nervous and shaking as I started to take my clothes off. I was completely naked and on my knees in front of him, it was so weird and he was getting it all on camera as well! Sitting in my chair he spreads his legs, my heart sunk. I felt like I know what he wants me to do. 

"Undo my zipper and pull my pants down" he ordered.

I was so nervous and scared, he was so much bigger than me I couldn't fight him, so I had to do whatever he says. I undid his pants and pulled them down. I figured out then that he was gay and wanted me to probably jack him off or something. He was sitting there with his pants down and I was looking at his underpants, I could see his dick outlined, it looked semi hard, I was almost sick looking at it. 

"Why don't you give it a kiss! Remember you're not allowed to resist haha" he said jokingly. 

I knew I was doomed. I had to kiss his dick through his jocks, I was praying that's all I had to do.

"Now pull it out! Haha".

My heart was pounding. My hands were shaking as I pulled his underpants down and I saw his cock. It was still semi hard and bigger than mine, his balls were massive and sagged a bit, he had a bit of hair around the cock and on his ball sack. I was sweating and nervous, all I could smell was his cock and balls. 

"You ever sucked a cock before little bitch?" He asked rhetorically, he knew by my mannerism I have never done anything gay ever. 

"Come on boy, get your mouth around it, time to stop playing around" he ordered.

My heart was beating a thousand miles an hour, I was staring at it, feeling sick that I had to put it in my mouth. He grabbed it and faced it towards my face, I could see the tip of his cock already had a little bit of pre-cum on it.

"Suck it!"

I was almost feeling physically sick as I lowered my mouth onto it. 

My first reaction was tasting his pre-cum. It was the saltiest thing I've ever tasted. But after I sucked it a bit, the taste became normal. His cock filled my mouth nearly completely. I had to keep on sucking up and down the shaft and suckle his salty head. His cock kept on touching the back of my throat which was the weirdest feeling. I couldn't believe what I was doing, I couldn't imagine doing anything worse. He had his hand at the back of my head, not forcing it down, but just as a reminder that he's my boss, while I was sucking his cock.

"Good little sissy bitch, be gentle with it, don't stop sucking it" he said to me.

His cock was rock hard now and throbbing in my mouth. I had tears coming from my eyes from gagging on it a bit. He would sometimes jiggle his dick in my mouth to let the spit drip out. There was so much spit all over his dick drooling down his balls and onto my chair. He took his dick out and rubbed it all over my face while laughing, before sticking it back in my mouth. He shined the camera into my face to film me close up sucking on his dick, and to see the sloppy job I was doing. 

"Good job little bitch, you're sucking my dick well. Now I want you to start licking my balls!" He ordered.

He held his dick up and showed his balls. 

They were big, hairy and saggy. I didn't want look at them let alone put them in my mouth. They were coated in my spit and his sweat. He told me to start licking them, and as I put my tongue on them, he dropped his wet heavy cock on my face, hitting me right in the eye. I had to continue to suck and lick his balls with his cock throbbing on my face. His balls had more of a revolting flavour than his cock. While I was sucking them I could feel all his pubes in my mouth, on my tongue. I had to keep on sucking his cock and balls for 20 minutes. I just wanted this whole thing to end. 

"Alright bitch, you ready for a mouth full of cum! Keep on sucking my dick". 

I kept on sucking with my eyes closed trying to prepare myself for the worst moment in my life. His cock was throbbing so hard in my mouth, as I tried to keep on sucking without reacting. As I was sucking the head of his cock he grabbed the back of my head and rammed it down the shaft, pushing my face into his sweaty pubes. His cock started cumming in the back of my throat. There was so much and it was so warm as it was pumping in my throat and filling my mouth. I stopped sucking and tried to take a breath, and he pulled his cock out of my mouth. I initially choked a bit before I realised how bad it tasted, it was all gooey and hot. I instantly wanted to spit it out before he yelled at me.

"Don't you dare waste that shit! Drink it up!" 

I closed my eyes, I knew I had to follow his orders. So I swallowed it, I could only swallow it bit by bit, trying to forget about the taste. I open my eyes and he grabs my head and holds it still. He waives his still relatively hard cock in my face. 

"Here there's still some cum on the tip, take a couple of mushroom stamps as reward!"

He started to dab the tip of his cock over my face leaving bits of cum everywhere. And then waived his head in between my lips. At this point I was too defeated to care. 

"There you go bitch. That was a nice hands on interview, you made quite a good little twink for the Internet haha!" He said, reminding me of the video he took. 

"Please don't put it on the Internet!" I pleaded with him.

"That depends are you going to be a good little pledge and obey any orders I have for you?" He replied. 

I knew at this point it was only the start of more to come, I had no choice but to obey. 

He left my dorm with me on the floor tired, defeated and naked. Still with, (now dried up) cum stains on my lips and face, the only positive is he didn't destroy my assignment. But now that he's got a video of me sucking cock, I knew my college life was going change. He had complete control over me.