 College was great! High school sucked. And Sam was glad to leave it behind. He had been an awkward boy in high school. Short and skinny - only five-six and a hundred ten pounds - and pimply-faced, he had never been able to attract the hot girls that the jocks were able to get. But things began to change when he hit his eighteenth birthday shortly after graduation. The pimples cleared up over the summer allowing him to feel better about his appearance. He still wasn't able to grow a mustache or beard; all the men in his family seemed to have that problem. 

But there were more girls here at State U. and he was able to attract some decent looking babes who didn't seem to mind his boyish looks. He had only been here for two weeks and he had already had a couple of dates. And he had lost his virginity over the weekend with a decent looking young freshman girl. Yes, things were definitely looking up.

Sam was also making friends with the guys on campus. His roommate was a bit of a geek, but okay and they were getting along just fine. Sam had been a loner in high school. None of the boys there really seemed interested in being his friend, but now he had even made friends with a sophomore, Kyle, who was in one of his history classes. Kyle was a year older than Sam and much more experienced and savvy about the workings of campus life. It didn't hurt that the girls on campus were drawn to Kyle. He was a good looking guy. His six foot frame was sleek and muscular and he moved with a subtle grace that attracted attention. Sam figured it couldn't hurt to hang around with a guy who was a chick magnet.

And Kyle lived in a frat house on campus. Sam figured he could get to know the guys in the house and maybe even pledge the frat when he was eligible. He had readily accepted Kyle's invitation to check out the frat house. Kyle had given him the grand tour and then led Sam to his room. It wasn't a real big room, but it was nice. Kyle had locked the door to give them some privacy. There was only one chair in the room, which Kyle currently occupied. Sam sat on the bed as Kyle imparted his accumulated wisdom of life on campus.

"So, did you score big with Debbie on Saturday?" Kyle inquired.

"Yeah, she was great. We went all the way."

"Cool. Was that your first time?"

"Well . . ."

"It's okay if it was. Don't be self-conscious about it." Kyle said.

"Well, yeah, it was my first time. And it was really great. I think I'll probably see her again real soon."

"I wouldn't get too attached too quickly, if I were you." Kyle counseled. "There's a lot of folks out there to have sex with. Take advantage of that and broaden your experience horizon."

"That sounds reasonable." Sam said.

"The college years are the time for experimenting and finding yourself. You should be open to all the opportunities available to you."

"Like what?"

"Like being open to more than just the plain vanilla stuff."

"I'm not sure I'm following you." Sam said.

"Like on Saturday I was at a party. Everyone was drinking and having a good time when these two girls standing in the corner started making out. It was really hot! They were kissing and feeling each other up and didn't really give a shit about who was watching."

"Wow, that's hot." Sam replied.

"Damn straight it was." Kyle answered. "You just need to be open to opportunities to explore your sexuality and discover what you like, what turns you on."

"You don't mean experimenting with boys, do you?" Sam asked incredulously.

"Why not?"

"Well, isn't that kind of perverted?"

"Do you think those girls making out was perverted?"

"Well, no, I guess not. But that's different."

"How is it different?"

"I don't know." Sam said confused.

"Look, Sam, college is the place to broaden your life experiences; to try things you would have never thought yourself capable of doing. It's your one great opportunity in life to be able to experiment and decide for yourself who you are and who you want to be; to evolve from being a kid to being a grown up in control of your own destiny." Kyle persuaded.

"It's just so strange." Sam said. "Have you ever experimented with a guy?"

"Of course."

"And did you like it?"

"It was great."

"I don't know if I could." Sam said.

"Why don't we find out." Kyle said. "Let's experiment a bit."

Kyle moved to the bed and sat next to Sam, his hip and thigh touching Sam's and his arm on the bed in back of Sam.

"I'm not sure about this. I don't know what to do." Sam said.

"No problem." Kyle responded. "We'll just try some stuff and see what you like and what you don't like. Just relax and let it happen. Why don't we just start with a little kiss."

Kyle caressed Sam's cheek with his hand and looked into the boy's frightened eyes. He realized he needed to go slowly in the process of seducing this sexy little piece of freshman ass. Their lips met in a soft, gentle kiss. Sam began to back away, but Kyle moved his hand to the back of Sam's head, preventing him from breaking contact.

Sam was scared shitless. But he didn't want to alienate his experienced friend. The kiss felt strange at first, but then Sam began to get into it. Kyle was a much more active kisser than Debbie. Debbie had expected Sam to lead the way, but Kyle was fully in charge of this kiss. His lips trailed over Sam's , pecking and licking and then Sam felt Kyle's tongue brush over his lips. Unsure of how to respond, Sam parted his lips and Kyle's tongue quickly darted into his mouth flicking against the tip of his own tongue. Sam began to feel a stirring in his loins as the tips of their tongues flicked quickly against each other. Sam closed his eyes as Kyle's tongue probed deeper into his mouth rubbing insistently over the length of Sam's tongue. Sam opened his mouth wide and responded to the insistent licking of Kyle's tongue. His cock was beginning to harden in his pants. It was a good feeling and Sam didn't want it to stop.

But Kyle broke the kiss and smiled wickedly at Sam.

"Did you like that?"

"Yes." Sam said breathlessly.

"See if you like this." Kyle instructed.

Kyle trailed his lips down Sam's cheek to his neck. He licked and gently bit Sam's neck and caressed it with his lips. He moved his mouth up to Sam's ear and bit gently on the lobe. Sam moaned softly as Kyle's tongue playfully darted in and out of his ear and all around the earlobe. 

"Is that good, baby?" Kyle whispered.

"Oh, yes." Sam breathed.

"Let's get this shirt off of you." Kyle said as he grabbed the bottom of Sam's t-shirt and pulled it over his head. Kyle quickly removed his own shirt.

"You know everyone understands that girls like their tits played with. I've found that boy's tits are just as sensitive." Kyle said as he reached out and put his hands on Sam's flat chest.

"Does this feel good?" Kyle asked as he rubbed his thumbs over Sam's nipples. 

"Yes!" Sam gasped.

Sam groaned with pleasure as Kyle manipulated his nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. Sam now had a raging hard-on tenting his blue jeans. His cock began to do little push-ups in his pants as Kyle lowered his head to Sam's chest and licked and gently bit his nipples. Sam could feel himself losing all control. This had to stop! Sex between boys was wrong! Sam backed away from Kyle.

"I . . . I think we should stop." Sam said breathlessly.

"You don't really want to stop, baby." 

"Yes, we have to." Sam pleaded.

"This doesn't want me to stop." Kyle smiled as he placed his hand on Sam's crotch and began to squeeze and fondle his stiff little prick.

"Ohhh, Kyle!" Sam moaned.

"Do you want me to stop, honey?"

"No. Please don't stop." Sam begged as he began to rotate his hips in response to Kyle fondling him.

"Then, let's set this little pecker free and see what we have to work with." Kyle smiled as he unzipped Sam's jeans and pulled them down. Kyle quickly removed Sam's shoes and socks and stripped the jeans off his legs onto the floor. He smiled at Sam's cock throbbing in his briefs. A wet stain of pre-cum was spreading across Sam's crotch. Kyle ran his hand over Sam's bulge and then grasped his briefs and stripped them off the boy. Sam's cock sprang out hard and stiff and throbbing with desire.

"What a nice little prick." Kyle cooed as he grasped Sam's five inch beating rod in his hand and began to squeeze and stroke it.

"Ohhh, yes, don't stop." Sam begged.

"Do you like that, bitch?" Kyle asked.

Sam's cock swelled at the word bitch.

"Ah, you like being called 'bitch', don't you?" Kyle taunted.

"Ohhh." Sam moaned as his cock swelled at the word 'bitch' again.

"I think you want to be Kyle's slut, don't you?"

"Ahhh." Sam moaned as his cock swelled at the word 'slut.'

"Don't worry, slut, Kyle is going to give you exactly what you need."

"Ohhh, please, I need to cum." Sam begged.

"Not yet, bitch." Kyle said and maneuvered Sam's body further onto the bed. 

Kyle spread Sam's legs and he began to kiss and lick the boy's thighs. Sam moaned and squirmed on the bed as Kyle licked his ball sack and drew it into his mouth playfully licking it. 

"Do you like that, slut? Do you want more?" Kyle demanded.

"Oh yes. Please, more." Sam pleaded.

Kyle wrapped his hand around Sam's throbbing cock. He pulled the foreskin back exposing the slick, wet head. Then Kyle licked the sensitive head sending Sam into spasms of pleasure. Kyle then sucked Sam's hard penis into his mouth. Sam began to squirm and moan as Kyle expertly sucked on his manhood. Then Kyle inserted his fuck-finger into the boy's tight little ass. 

"Oh, yes! Please! Please!" Sam begged as Kyle sucked on his pud and finger-fucked his ass. The boy was losing control now as he felt his cum rising to the head of his cock. Then the spasms coursed through his body and his cock began to spew its cum into Kyle's mouth. Sam never knew he had this much cum inside of him. Sam luxuriated in the feeling of his orgasm. His cum spewing into Kyle's mouth, his ass contracting and expanding around Kyle's finger; he didn't want it to stop. But like all good things, it came to an end. Kyle had sucked him dry and Sam lay spent on the bed.

"Did you like that, slut?" Kyle asked.

"Oh, yes. It was wonderful." Sam replied.

"Good. Now it's my turn." Kyle smiled as he knelt on the bed and began to undo his pants.

It took him only a moment to disrobe. He knelt on the bed with his cock standing straight out, throbbing and pulsing with life. Kyle stroked his thick eight inches of hard meat and then reached over to the night stand and grabbed a tube of lube.

"I . . . I don't think I can take that in my mouth." Sam said.

"You don't have to, bitch." Kyle smiled as he coated his cock with lube. "I'm going to put it in your tight, little virgin ass and fuck you like the little slut you are."

"No, please, Kyle. I can't do that." Sam pleaded.

"You'll do what I want you to do, you little sissy. And I want you to take my cock in your pussy like a good little bitch. Now spread your legs for me, cunt!" Kyle ordered.

Sam spread his legs wide and Kyle lowered himself between them. He grabbed Sam's little ass and squeezed and kneaded his ass-cheeks. Then he placed the head of his hard cock against the little rosebud entrance to Kyle's ass. 

"Now I'm going to take your cherry and make you my little sissy-bitch." Kyle said as he slowly pushed into the boy's hole.

"Oh, noooo." Sam whimpered as the pain of entry seared him.

"Take my manhood inside of you, you little twink." Kyle demanded and pushed further into the boy's tight ass.

"Oh, nooo, please, no." Sam whimpered again as Kyle slid the whole length of his cock into him.

They lay there motionless for a moment as Kyle allowed Sam's ass to relax around his imbedded cock. Sam had never experienced a pain and filling sensation like this. Then Kyle began to move slowly. 

"Oh, no. No more." Sam pleaded as Kyle moved in and out, in and out.

"Take it bitch." Kyle said. "Take it, you little sissy."

Sam could feel Kyle's cock throbbing inside of him. The pain began to lessen as Kyle increased the tempo of his fucking. Perhaps I'm getting used to it, Sam thought. Kyle increased the tempo of his fucking even more and suddenly Sam realized that he was beginning to enjoy this. The pain was being displaced by a pleasurable new sensation. Sam began to move his hips in time to Kyle's fucking motion. Sam wrapped his arms around Kyle's back and moaned with increasing pleasure.

"Oh, yes, please." Sam said quietly.

"Do you like this, baby?"

"Oh, yes." Sam breathed.

"Do you want more, sissy?"

"Give me more!"

"Do you want to be our bitch, you little slut?"

"Yes!"

"Beg for it, whore!"

"Please! Make me your bitch!" Sam cried out.

"Do you want me to cum in your pussy, you little twink!"

"Yes, please! Please, cum in me!"

Kyle plunged his cock all the way into Sam's ass and then tensed up. Then he began to spew his cum into the boy. Sam wrapped his legs around Kyle's ass as Kyle's cock spit its semen into the boy. They became a panting and quivering mass of sensual pleasure as Kyle's cum filled Sam. Their entwined bodies quivered with the passion of Kyle's orgasm. It seemed to last an eternity. But then, Kyle was spent. He lay still, breathing heavy, on top of Sam. Finally, Kyle rolled off and lay on the bed next to Sam. He pulled Sam to him, wrapping his arms around his new boy.

"Did you like that, honey?" Kyle asked as he held Sam close.

"Yes, Kyle. I never knew it could be like this with a boy."

"It will only get better from here." Kyle said. "I knew the moment that I first saw you that you weren't a real man. I could tell that you were a sissy, a twink. I just needed to bring it out of you."

There was a knock on the door. Kyle got up and unlocked the door and opened it. 

"Come on in, bro." Kyle said to a redheaded young man.

"Hey, Kyle. What do we have here?" 

"This is Sammie." Kyle answered.

"Hi, Sammie, I'm Roger." The redhead said.

"Hello." Sammie said timidly, self-conscious of his nakedness.

"Sammie was a virgin boy when I brought him up here." Kyle said. "But now I've taken his cherry and fucked him. He's a hot, little piece of ass. I think he'll make a good fraternity sissy."

"Cool. He's sure pretty enough." Roger said.

"Hey, Rog, I need to get to class. Can you take over with Sammie? He needs a lot more training." Kyle asked.

"Sure thing, Kyle." Roger replied as he began taking his clothes off. "What should I do when I'm finished with him?"

"Pass him around to the other boys. But make sure they know that Sammie is sleeping in my bed tonight."

"You got it, Kyle." Roger said as he began to climb on the bed next to Sammie.

"I . . . I should go, now." Sammie stammered.

"You can't go, slut." Roger commanded. "We're not finished breaking you in. Put your hand around this and play with it, bitch."

Roger guided Sammie's hand to his seven-inch, hardening cock. Sammie wrapped his hand around the throbbing organ. He tentatively squeezed it gently, then stroked it. It pulsed in his hand as he stroked up and down, up and down.

"Oh, yes, baby, that's good." Roger sighed. "Now you need to learn to suck cock like the little sissy cocksucker you are."

Roger guided Sammie's head down to his crotch. Sammie could see the pre-cum glistening on Roger' cut cock-head. The smell of Roger's sex was enticing and arousing. Sammie reached out with his tongue and licked some of the pre-cum from the tip of Roger's pulsing organ. It tasted wonderful.

"Oh, yes, baby, that's right. Take it in your mouth, sissy. Suck on it." Roger commanded.

Sammie opened his mouth and covered Roger's cock with his lips. He sucked on the stiff shaft, drawing it further and further into his mouth. He gagged a few times on the way down, but soon he had the entire shaft in his mouth and down his throat. He liked the way the penis pulsed and throbbed in his mouth, as if it were alive. His own cock was getting hard again as his head bobbed up and down on Roger's hard cock.

"Oh, yes, you are a natural cocksucker, baby. Suck the juice out of me!"

Sammie's cock twitched and grew at hearing Roger's commands. He sucked and licked Roger's hard pud, worshipping it with his mouth and tongue. Then he felt Roger tense up. Roger's cock seemed to expand and then began spewing cum into Sammie's mouth and down his throat. Sammie tried to withdraw to prevent from gagging, but Roger's hand held him down as load after load of hot semen exploded into his mouth. Sammie felt his own body orgasm in response to Roger's cumming. 

"That was great, baby!" Roger complimented as he removed his cock from Sammie's mouth. "The boys of G. (gamma) A. (alpha) Ý. (upsilon). are going to enjoy having you as our new fuck-toy."

"Hey, Rog, what's going down?" a voice from the hall asked.

Sammie just realized that the door to Kyle's room had been open the entire time that he was sucking Roger's cock. Anyone passing by could watch!

"Just got a great blow-job from Sammie here." Roger responded.

"Who's Sammie?"

"He's our new bitch-boy. Property of G.A.Y. Why don't you come try him out?"

Sammie stared wide-eyed as two young men entered the room and began to disrobe.

-----

Kyle was gone for about five hours. In that time, Sammie had been used by every member of G.A.Y. in the house. When Kyle went up to his room to check on Sammie, he was met by a sight that brought a smile to his face. Sammie was kneeling on all fours on the floor of Kyle's room. Joey had his cock in Sammie's ass, fucking the shit out of him. Benny had his cock in Sammie's mouth and had just started cumming. Semen was dripping from the corners of Sammie's mouth as he struggled to swallow Benny's prodigious load. Tony was laying underneath Sammie and sucking on Sammie's hard cock. Sammie's eyes were closed and his body was quivering with ecstasy as his orgasm shook him and he began to spew his semen into Tony's mouth.

-----

Sammie felt good to be out in the world again. He had spent a solid week in the fraternity house. He had gotten to know each of the frat brothers intimately as he was continually passed around and used by them. He hadn't worn clothes for a week. He had become familiar with every room in the house, because he had been fucked in every room in the house. He took food when he could and relieved himself in the bathroom whenever there was a temporary lull in the fucking and sucking. At one point, it must have been day four or five of his initiation, he had ceased to think about what was happening to him. He had merely become a quivering mass of aroused flesh existing only to please and be pleased sexually. 

This morning, he and Kyle had moved his things out of the dorm and into the frat house. He lived in the frat house now. He didn't have his own room, because he would sleep with whichever frat brother wanted him that night. He had gone to class today; the first time since his being taken. It was hard to concentrate on his subjects; his mind kept wandering and thinking of how wonderful it would be to have a cock up his ass again, or in his mouth. But he knew he had to keep his grades up. If he flunked out of school, he would be kicked out of the house. And he desperately needed the house!

Now he sat on a couch in the LGBT section of the student union. He was nestled into the crook of frat brother George's arm. George was absently stroking Sammie's arm as Debbie walked by. Sammie thought she looked really nice today, but he couldn't fathom how he had wanted sex with someone like her. As she walked away, George put his hand in Sammie's lap and began to stroke his little cock. He whispered in Sammie's ear:

"C'mon, sissy, let's go home and fuck!"