 On May 17th, 2008 I received my first blow job from a man! Since then we have met about once a week for a "session". As you can understand things can develop in ways you don't imagine in the beginning. This "story" is an account of what happened the nest week. As usual, if you are offended by bi-sexual or gay relationships what are you thinking? Go read something else! For the rest of you, your comments are welcome and encouraged both publicly and privately.

After our first cock sucking session in the back of my conversion van Fred agreed to meet me again the following week. We met as before on a Saturday morning at the restaurant and this time we had breakfast and made small talk. When the meal was finished Fred picked up the check and went to the cashier to pay the bill. We both got in my van and left to find a spot to park.

"Get in the back, cocksucker!" I ordered, "Strip, I want to see how eager you are!" My tone changed from friend to Master the moment we entered the van.

"Now?" Fred asked, somewhat confused by my sudden change.

"Are you hard of hearing or just stupid? I glared at him. "Strip now or get out."

Fred crawled in the back and took off his clothes; I drove to a busy bank parking lot and parked in front facing the street. When he saw where I parked he objected, "I can't do this here. It's too public."

"Nonsense, Slut, you can and you will! This is perfect; my windows are very heavily tinted, no one can see in and I can watch for trouble." I said as I moved to a seat in the back. "On your knees, Slut."

Fred's cock was nicely hard so I knew he was excited. His heart must have been pounding as he watched people entering and leaving the bank. I wasted no time and dropped my pants to my ankles and sat back. Fred licked his lips absentmindedly. I stroked myself and watched him. "Is this what you want?"

"Yes, Sam, I want your cock."

"That's not how you talk to me, Slut! Have you forgotten your manners?"

"Please forgive me, Master! I want your cock and balls."

"Why, Slut. Tell me why, say it."

"I want to lick your balls and suck your cock, Master." Fred touched his throbbing hard-on as he spoke.

"I didn't say you could play with yourself, Slut!" I scolded. "Have you been playing with yourself all week?"

"No, Master. I've been saving my cum for today, but I'm so hungry for your cock that my cock is aching"

"Silence, Slut. You don't have a cock, you have a little prick."

"Forgive me, Master, I beg your pardon. My prick is aching, I need your cock in my mouth, I want to suck you and eat your cum."

It hadn't taken long for Fred to forget where we were. He was focused on my crotch and the tasty treat I was teasing him with. I spread my legs and slid to the edge of the seat. "You may lick my balls, Slut."

Fred went down on all fours and licked. I let my cock lay on his face as I watched him bathe my balls with his tongue. As he did a woman left the bank and walked between her car and my van. As she did her cell phone rang and she paced idly between the vehicles as she talked. Fred was oblivious to the situation. He licked and slurped noisily like a dog cleaning his crotch. "Suck me. Slut." I hissed.

I gripped the arm rests and let him fuck me with his mouth while the woman talked to her friend just inches from this debauched spectacle. I wanted to open the window and let her watch but resisted. I wanted to shout my encouragement but restrained myself. My balls tightened and I knew I wouldn't last muck longer, my hips began to twitch and thrust, I fucked his face as he eagerly met my thrusts, bobbing and sucking. I erupted forcefully and he swallowed every savory drop. Relishing the gift I had saved for his lips and tongue. My cock softened. "Jack-off for me, Slut."

He straightened up, sat back on his ankles and spread his knees. As he stroked himself he looked into my eyes. I pointed to the woman pacing between the cars. He glanced at her and smiled as he came in his hand. "Eat it, Slut."

As he licked his hand clean I heard a door slam shut. She was leaving and we were done.