 I entered the Greyhound bus station to get out of the bitter cold. I was shivering and very hungry. I had no money and nowhere to go. For a 19 year old lad, I was in a sorry state.

I took a seat at the end of a row in the passenger waiting area. I began rubbing my hands and arms in an attempt to get warm. As I sat there, someone took the seat next to me. I did not look up, but wondered, with all the available seats why someone would take a seat right next to me.

I kept rubbing gaining a little warmth in my freezing bones.

Then I heard a voice say, "Young man are you okay?"

I looked up and saw sitting next to me a very distinguished looking man, and responded, "Yes sir."

"I don't want to intrude, but you seem to be in some stress," he said.

Without thinking I poured out, "I'm cold and hungry, and came in here to try and get warm."

"It is nice and warm in here, but if your hungry there is a diner right down the street, and I can buy you something to eat there, if you like," he said.

Unable to believe my luck, as I had nothing to eat for two days, I replied, "Oh thank you sir, you cannot believe how hungry I am."

" Come with me then," he said.

He rose and started for the door and I followed like a long lost puppy dog.

It had been almost a year since I had left home to get away from a very abusive father whose ambition seemed to be to beat me when he was drunk. My mother had preceded me a year earlier and I had no idea where she had gone.

I had hitch hiked across our state to a major city, and found some odd jobs staying at the YMCA, when I had money for a room. Often it was a decision to eat or have a room. Lately the odd jobs were far and few between, and I found myself homeless and hungry.

I followed the older man to the diner and he held the door to allow me to enter.

"There is a empty booth down at the end," he said.

I proceeded to the empty booth and sat down, and he followed suit and sat across from me.

"My name is Roger, and what is yours," he asked?

I responded saying, "Tommy."

"Well Tommy I'm glad to meet you. Go ahead a check the menu, and order anything you like," he said.

A waitress arrived and took our orders. I ordered the roast beef blue plate special, and Roger ordered coffee.

"Tommy how do you find yourself cold and hungry," Roger asked?

I poured out my story, thanked him for his generosity, and said, "I don't know how I could ever repay him."

"Don't worry about that," he said as my food arrived. "Just eat and enjoy."

Things got quiet, and I attacked the food. I was so hungry that I definitely was not on my best manners, as I devoured the food. As I was finishing my plate, he asked, "Would you like some desert?"

"Oh my yes," I replied. "I would love some apple pie alamode."

Roger signaled the waitress over, and told her to bring me some pie and ice cream.

While we were waiting, Roger asked, "How would you like to make some money for a room tonight?"

I responded, without thinking about what I had to do to make some money, "Yes sir."

"Tommy I often come to the bus station to find nice young men like you to provide oral service to my hard cock, does that shock you," he asked?

I almost fell off my seat, as I had not anticipated what he said. I was straight as an arrow, and had never considered sucking a cock in my entire life.

I gulped and stammered, "Sir, I'm not gay."

"That may be Tommy, but you do not have a place to stay tonight, and if you suck my cock, you will have a nice warm place to stay. I'm not gay either, but I love my cock sucked, and my wife refuses to suck me, so I search out young men that I find attractive, and I would love for you to service me," he said.

My pie arrived, and things got quiet again. My mind was racing as I ate the pie and ice cream, without really enjoying it. How was I going to respond, I just didn't have any idea.

Finally Roger said, "How about it Tommy?"

I stammered and said, "I've never done anything like that before."

"It may not be as bad as you think, you may even like it, and you won't be cold tonight," he said.

The thought of a warm room was intoxicating and I began to waver and finally said, "Okay."

"Good boy, lets go back to the bus station, you can suck my cock in the restroom," he said.

On the way back to the bus station, I began having second thoughts, and slowed as we got close to the door.

Roger opened the door, and I reluctantly entered. He then said, "Follow me."

Roger entered the restroom, walked to the last stall, and entered motioning me in. I followed, and he closed the door.

Without a word, he unzipped his pants and pulled out a long hard cut cock. He placed a hand on my head and began pushing me down. I sank to my knees and found his cock in front of my face.

"Open your mouth Tommy," he said.

I slowly opened my mouth, and he began pushing his cock into my mouth. I was surprised how warm it felt as he began thrusting in and out fucking my mouth.

He slowed his thrusting and said, "Suck it Tommy, and watch the teeth."

Finding his cock not all that unpleasant, I began sucking up and down on his cock and he began to lowly moan. Then he held my head, and began thrusting again, forcing his cock deeper in my mouth, I started to gag as his cock started to enter my throat. He slowed as my gag reflex eased, and he began thrusting again until his cock was forced into my throat. My breathing became difficult, as his cum erupted from his cock going straight to my belly.

He slowly started withdrawing his cock, and as it left my throat, I could taste cum reside. It was a bit salty and a little bitter, but not at all unpleasant.

Roger put his cock back inside his pants and zipped up and said, "Are you sure you never sucked cock before?"

"No one has been able to take my cock in their throat the first time," he said.

I assured him I had never sucked a cock before, but it was not as bad as I had expected.

"For a first time cocksucker, you did very well," he said, as he took out a Fifty Dollar bill and handing it to me.

I blinked, and took it from his hand. I had never had a Fifty before. I definitely would be warm tonight with money left over to eat tomorrow.

"Tommy how would you like being my regular cocksucker," Roger asked?

He didn't have to wait long for my answer.