 I woke up with a super hard boner after a fitful night of dreaming of big cocks and big tits. I was conflicted as ever with my sexuality. As much as I liked cock, I was still mesmerized by the visions of those big tits displayed by the waitress at the diner.

Dragging myself out of bed I began to think about whether or not I would be going down the hall to the shower. I knew I needed to get myself cleaned up. 

With my boner sticking straight out and refusing to recede, my decision was made for me.

I headed out the door for the shower room at the end of the hall.

Arriving at the shower room, I hesitated momentarily before entering. Screwing up all my courage, I pulled the handle and entered the room to find the two older gentlemen that had been there the day before. Missing was the young man who had been on his knees sucking cock.

"We were starting to wonder if you were going to show," said the older guy that I had sucked off, and who had fucked me. 

"Come here, my friend would like you to suck his cock, and do not get on your knees, just bend over," he said.

Both men where already sporting boners. One huge, and the other not as big, but still bigger than my modest 6 inches. 

I approached and bent at the waist taking a new cock into my mouth. He placed his hands on my head and held it still, and began fucking in and out of my mouth. While my mouth was being fucked, I felt a cock being rubbed up and down over my anus. I knew I was about to get fucked up the ass, as I was sucking cock, just another first for me.

"Ummm you are a natural cocksucker," he said, as he fucked his cock into my throat.

"I told you so," said the guy who was about to fuck my ass.

Then I felt the big cock begin to enter my ass, He was driving it in hard and the pain was intense, but damn the cock in my mouth tasted so good. As he drove deeper, my ass opened and accepted the hard cock easing the pain, and both of my lovers started a steady plowing in and out of my mouth and ass. I was being fucked at both ends and loving it.

I could feel intense pleasure in my cock and balls, as I reached down and began stroking myself.

The scene was surreal, a cock up my ass, another in my mouth, and with me stroking my cock as fast as I could.

Pounding my ass harder and harder I could tell my ass fucker was getting close to cumming, and I could feel my cock leaking precum onto my hand. I knew I was close to cumming myself. But before either of us could cum, the guy in my mouth thrust hard and held as he emptied his balls down my throat to my belly. I could feel the warmth all the way down, as he groaned and said, "Ahhh!

My cock exploded shooting my cum on the floor, as my ass was being pounded harder than ever. With a loud grunt, my ass fucker blew his load deep in my bowels.

I was one thoroughly fucked young man!

As both of my lovers began disengaging, I started coming down from an all time high. Never had I experienced anything like this.

They turned up the water and as the hot water cascaded over my body, they began soaping and washing me head to toe. Taking special emphasis on my cock and ass. They fondled me lovingly, as I was be cleansed.

Finally clean, both of them kissed me and one said, "Same time tomorrow and don't be surprised if you get visitors to your room."

Back in my room I got dressed and decided to make a trip to the diner for breakfast.

As I walked to the diner, I kept wondering would the waitress with the big tits be there?

Luck was with me, as I entered I heard a voice say, "Hello honey welcome back, sit anywhere you like."

Must be my lucky day because I recognized the voice of the waitress with the big tits. And she did not disappoint, they were spilling out of her open necked blouse to the point I could almost see the nipples. Although I had cum earlier in the shower, I could feel my cock hardening. This lushes creature was making me so hot, I thought I was going to cum in my pants again.

While she was taking my order, my eyes were fixated on those big tits, something that did not go unnoticed by her, but I was sure she must be use to it. I got my meal and took my good time finishing it and left a generous tip.

I hurried back to my room and was furiously jacking off, thinking of those big tits, when there was a knock at my door. I quickly put my cock back in my pants and answered the door. It was the guy I had sucked off in the shower earlier.

Before I could say anything, he pushed past me and said, "I want some of your sweet ass."

Closing the door, I turned and said, "I think I'm fucked out for today."

"Honey you can never get enough fucking, now get undressed," he said.

I complied, removing my clothes, and bending over the end of my bed.

"Not that way," he said.

"I want you on your back with your feet in the air. I want to see your face as I fuck you."

Laying back on the end of the bed, with my feet in the air he approached, and bent over, and started licking my anus. Never having had my ass eaten before, I was a bit taken back, but only briefly as his tongue penetrated my ass. Damn that felt nice.

"I spent a good time cleaning your ass in the shower this morning knowing I was going to eat your ass and fuck you later," he said.

My cock had deflated when the knock on the door occurred, but was now hardening again. His work on my ass was driving me crazy, and I began to squirm. Then he removed his tongue and inserted first one finger, and then a second. He was finger fucking my ass, as drops of precum began dripping from my cock. I reached down and scooped up he precum and inserted my fingers in my mouth. The taste was much sweeter than the cum I had been eating the last few days.

After a short while he decided it was time for him to fuck me. And fuck me he did. Although his cock was not as big as his friend, he pounded me much harder and faster. My prostate was getting a serious workout, as cum continued to leak from my cock. Then almost without warning, I orgasmed so fucking hard that cum shot all the way to my face leaving several ropes of cum lining my face. I had cum by being fucked. It must have sent him over the edge, as he made one final hard thrust, and held tight as my rectum was being filled with his load.

Damn it was not even noon yet, and I had sucked a cock, been fucked twice, and had almost cum in my pants while ogling the waitress's big tits.