 INTRODUCTION

Four young Frenchmen had been hiding out in the barn ever since the German occupation of France. They remained in the loft of the barn all day and then snuck out at night to gather some food. As they remain concealed from the German army they felt secure in the barn. Secure enough to be naked and have sex. Andre has just finished fucking Marcel and Marcel leaned back into his brother Andre who was propped up against a pole. Henri was on all fours with his head bobbing up and down on Marcel's cock. At the same time Claude had his cock buried in Henri's ass. The four of them had sex frequently ever since they discovered each other and it helped pass the time while they were in hiding.

Andre and Marcel were brothers and they had been lovers for almost two years now. They began making love when they were both 19 years of age. Claude and Henri had also been lovers for over two years and they started when they were 18 years old. Now the four of them had sex together switching partners often. They also engaged in threesomes and foursomes. It would be one of those foursome sessions that would get them in trouble.

ANDRE AND MARCEL

Andre and Marcel were twin brothers who lived on a farm in eastern France. They shared the same bedroom since they were children and still did at the age of 19. The two boys worked hard on the farm and their bodies although slight were well toned. Neither of the two boys had dated girls at least officially. There was the occasional farmer's dance when they danced with girls but that was the extent of it. Actually Andre found himself more interested in his brother's body then that of a young girl.

Then one day when the parents were going to be out of the house all day the two brothers discovered each other. Andre heard his mother yell to them as she left the house reminding them to take their baths. Andre got out of bed first and went in to take his bath. When he finished bathing, he was drying off when he stared at his brother Marcel standing at the sink nude brushing his teeth. Andre looked at his brother's well toned body and his round shapely ass. Marcel like Andre was tanned golden brown except for their asses and pubes. They had tan lines that actually accentuated their asses against the tanned bodies. Andre felt a stirring in his loins. 

Andre was always the more assertive of the twins so it was natural for him to make the first move. He hung up the towel and stepped from the bath and moved behind his brother. Andre let his hand graze over Marcel's shapely buttock. Andre felt a sensation move through his body like an electric charge and his cock became erect at the touch of his brother's skin. Marcel's buttocks tightened at the touch as he too felt electricity run through his body. Andre caressed Marcel's ass again and Marcel's cock sprung to attention.

Andre stepped up close to his brother and wrapped his arms around his chest and nuzzled his neck. Marcel felt Andre's erect cock pressed against his ass and he sighed deeply. Andre's hands moved down Marcel's chest over his abs and covered his pubes. Andre took Marcel's cock in one hand and cupped Marcel's balls in the other as Andre's cock nestled in to the crack of Marcel's ass. Marcel groaned as Andre stroked his cock and fondled his testicles.

Andre then turned Marcel around to face him and kissed him deeply. As their tongues dueled as they kissed Andre reached down and grabbed both their erect cocks in one hand and stroked them together. They stayed like that for several minutes until Andre dropped down on his knees and took his brother's cock in his mouth. For the first time in his life Andre had a cock in his mouth. He sucked on Marcel for a short while before he stood up and spoke.

"Let's go back to bed and he can suck each other," Andre whispered.

The twins went back to their room and they both got in Andre's bed. Andre showed Marcel how to move into a 69 position as they lay on their sides. Andre took Marcel's cock back into his mouth and Marcel followed Andre's lead. The two of them sucked cock for the first time and they relished the feeling of the soft mushroom heads in their mouths. They took the cocks as deep in their mouths as they were comfortable doing as they made love to each other. Andre grabbed Marcel's ass cheeks and held them as he sucked Marcel's cock. Marcel copied every move that Andre made and soon they were both sucking and fondling each other's ass. 

Andre moved a finger between Marcel's ass cheeks and tickled his anus and again Marcel did the same thing to his brother. Marcel felt a surge pass through his loins and his testicles tightened signaling that he was about to cum. Then he felt his cum travel from his scrotum through his cock and blast into his brothers' mouth. Andre just held on to Marcel's ass and swallowed Marcel's load as it shot into his mouth. Andre then rubbed his brother's balls as he drank down every drop of his brother's cum. Marcel was in ecstasy as he enjoyed his ejaculation into another boy's mouth for the first time in his life. 

Marcel had stopped sucking Andre's cock briefly as he savored the moment of cumming in his brother's mouth but then he resumed sucking Andre's cock. Andre shot his load shortly thereafter and flooded Marcel's mouth with cum. Marcel did just s his brother had done and swallowed as fast as he could to capture every drop of Andre's cum. They continued to hold to each other and suck each other in the 69 position. They were both so turned on that they remained hard. They could have cum again in each other's mouth but Andre wanted to take it to the next step.

"I want to fuck you Marcel," Andre whispered to his brother.

The two beautiful twins separated from their 69 position and Andre told Marcel to get on all fours. Marcel did as he was told and positioned himself on all fours. Marcel was leery of the anal penetration and he looked back over his shoulder with trepidation at his twin brother.

"Don't worry Marcel people have been doing this for thousands of years. I will grease you up good before I fuck you," Andre said trying to sound reassuring.

Andre played with Marcel's ass a long time as he loved fingering his brothers bung-hole and caressing his shapely ass. Marcel stayed hard throughout the ass fucking foreplay and at one time he thought that he might cum again. It was just then that Andre told him to turn over. Marcel lifted his legs and placed them on Andre's shoulders as Andre directed.

"I want to see the expression on your face when I fuck you and take your virginity," Andre said in a raspy voice.

Andre placed the head of his cock at Marcel's ass and pressed forward testing his hole. Marcel could feel the pressure and although it wasn't yet unpleasant, he feared the pain to come. Marcel's relaxed orgasmic state and his horniness took over and he let Andre have his way. Andre added more lubricant to his cock as he pulled back and rubbed the head of his cock around Marcel's asshole. Every few seconds Andre would push inside Marcel and then pull back out stretching him a little wider each time. It was quite a turn-on watching his pretty brother with his beautiful cock between Marcel's raised and spread legs. Andre's next thrust was with a purpose and Marcel felt pain as his brother's cock pushed passed his sphincter.

"Oh shit that hurts, stop!" Marcel screamed out. 

"It's natural for it to hurt at first but the pain will go away shortly. Try to relax and don't fight it," Andre said.

Andre remained inside him and did not move allowing Marcel to adjust to his girth. The pain did not go away and Marcel asked him to pull out for a second and Andre did. The pain went away but Marcel felt a void in his ass and his erotic desire took over. Marcel placed his heels on Andre's ass and pulled Andre back to him. Andre's cock re-entered Marcel's ass and pushed passed his sphincter again without as much pain this time. Andre stopped once again and remained still for a moment and waited for Marcel's reaction. The feeling of pain was replaced by desire and Marcel rotated his hips and arched his back to get Andre further inside him.

Marcel's body opened up to his brother and he felt Andre's cock stretch him open to new dimensions. Andre's cock slid in and out of Marcel slowly until he had finally buried all 7 inches in Marcel's ass. Marcel could feel his brother's balls resting on his ass. Marcel couldn't believe what a wonderful feeling it was to have Andre completely inside him. 

Andre pulled out a little and then he stopped and pushed back inside. The feeling was fantastic and Marcel began to rotate his hips again. Then Andre pulled almost all of the way out and then plunged inside fucking his brother senseless. Marcel moaned in response to Andre's pounding and they began to make love. Andre leaned over him and Marcel wrapped his legs around him, hooking his ankles together and they began rocking and moving beautifully together. Marcel was being fucked for the first time and he loved it.

Andre was fucking Marcel hard and fast like he was a woman and he reveled in each thrust. Marcel looked down and watched his balls and erect cock bounce around as Andre fucked him. Marcel soon felt another buildup in his balls. Andre began to moan louder and louder, and fucked harder and faster. Marcel felt Andre's cock swell in his rectum as Andre rose up on his knees. Marcel knew that he was close and he began to pump his own cock with his hand.

Andre grunted and Marcel felt hot cum fill his ass. Marcel pumped his cock harder in search of his own release. When he came, he shot his own cum all over his chest, abs and pubes. Andre had filled Marcel up with his cum but he remained hard and continued to fuck his ass. Andre pushed his cum around in Marcel's ass and some of it escaped and wet the bed. Due to Andre's horniness and his youthful recuperative powers he continued to fuck Marcel until he came again.

This time he collapsed on top of his brother and then they kissed. Andre lay on top of him with all of his weight resting on Marcel. Marcel wrapped his legs around Andre and I reveled in the feeling of his big cock growing soft inside him. They stayed in each other's arms for a long time and no words were spoken. They just held each other, kissed and ran their hands over each other. Andre's cock softened and slipped from Marcel's ass and it felt like a plug had just been pulled from his asshole. Cum ran out of Marcel's ass onto the bed and he felt the cool air caress his no longer virgin asshole. 

"Marcel I want you to fuck me now. Would you like to fuck me?" Andre asked.

"Oh yes!" Marcel gasped.

Andre got on all fours and handed his brother the lube. "Put plenty of that stuff on your cock and in my ass."

Marcel knelt behind Andre and he begin to caress his brother's beautiful ass Andre's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. Marcel couldn't believe how much Andre looked like a woman from behind with his shapely curvy ass in the air and then he guessed that he looked the same way. Marcel put an ample amount of lotion in his hands and rubbed it all around Andre's bung hole. Then Marcel inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Andre for his cock. As he sawed his fingers in and out of Andre's anus Marcel was getting turned on by the thought of burying his cock in his brother's shapely ass. He moved closer to Andre and lined up the head of his cock with Andre's anal opening and began to ease it into to him. 

Marcel spat on his hand and rubbed his saliva all over his cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. Marcel's cock head cleared Andre's sphincter and it slid right in without resistance. Andre's ass chute was warm and tight as Marcel went deep into him. If Andre felt any pain he didn't let on that he did. Marcel was all the way in Andre's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Marcel continued to pump Andre's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as he caressed his brother's smooth round ass. 

Andre asked Marcel to fuck him harder and quicker. So Marcel picked up the pace and he started pounding Andre's ass faster and faster. Marcel's balls started bouncing off of his brother's balls and Andre was moaning with each thrust of cock. Marcel could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed in Andre's ass. Marcel tried to make it last as long as possible but once Andre started to contract his anal muscles Marcel lost it.

Marcel fired a barrage of cum in his brother's ass filling it to overflowing. As he continued to fuck Andre, Marcel's cum backed up in his brother's rectum and began to ooze out flowing over their balls. Andre used his talented anal muscles to milk Marcel's cock and drain it of all his seed. Marcel didn't think that his cock would ever be soft again as he remained hard in Andre's tight sheath. Andre's milking action weakened him and Marcel collapsed on top of Andre's body.

Andre flattened out on the bed with Marcel on top and his cock still in his brother's ass. Marcel rolled off of him and his hard cock slipped from Andre's ass. Andre rolled to his back and spread his legs lifting his knees to his chest.

"Fuck me again," he commanded.

Marcel moved between Andre's legs much like he would fuck a woman and lined up his still erect cock with his brother's asshole. Andre was also as hard as a rock and his beautiful cock pointed toward his head. Marcel pressed slightly forward and his cock moved into his brother's hot ass. Andre's ass actually pulled Marcel inside and his cock went all the way in Andre's ass as Marcel's balls rested on his brother's ass.

"God, that feels so good, love me, fuck me," Andre cried out.

His ass was in the air and Marcel's cock was fully embedded in it. Marcel pulled back a little and pushed forward. Andre groaned as Marcel began to slowly fuck him. Each time Marcel would start taking longer strokes. Marcel's cock head was soon at the edge of his brother's asshole before he pushed it back into him. Their fucking was making a sucking sound. Each time Marcel's balls slammed against his brother's ass, his body and Andre's ass made a wet slapping sound. 

Marcel was so fucking hot that he crammed his cock fully into Andre. Andre held Marcel's cock and massaged it with his anal muscles; Marcel knew he was not going to last very long. Andre humped up against Marcel fucking him back as Marcel fucked him. Their room smelled of sex and sweat. Marcel reached down to stroke his brother's cock but Andre grabbed his wrist.

"No, I want to cum just from you fucking me," He said and pushed the hand away, "Just keep fucking me."

Marcel took slow long strokes in and out of his brother's ass as Andre pushed up into him more and more. Soon Andre took control and just fucked Marcel's cock. Marcel let Andre fuck him with his ass muscles. Marcel's actions became more erratic and his thrusts shorter and more powerful. Andre was grunting as Marcel's cock slid in and out of his hot ass. Soon Marcel's cock was barely staying in his brother's ass. Then Andre slowed down and let the cock just press against his prostate. Andre announced that he was cumming and he pulled Marcel down and kissed him deeply plunging his tongue into Marcel's mouth. Marcel felt his brother's cum shoot between their bodies covering their chests and abs and then oozing out around their pubes. That set Marcel off and he began to pound his cock in and out of his brother's hole. Marcel slammed his cock into his brother's loose wet hole and he felt his balls tighten again. Marcel pressed deep into him and his seed filled his brother's ass.

"Yes cum in my ass again. Oh I feel it I feel your hot spunk," Andre groaned.

Marcel pulled, pushed and cum spurted into Andre making his hole wetter and warmer as Marcel's cock easily slid in. Marcel continued fucking him until his legs were weak and cum had stopped flowing. Marcel's cock slipped from his brother's ass as they cuddled and Andre stroked Marcel's exhausted body.

"I loved fucking you. I loved your ass," Marcel whispered into his ear.

Over the next several weeks Andre and Marcel fucked and sucked each other in the morning and in the evening. They were insatiable and seemed tireless. They could cum four and five times a day and they continuously flooded each other's mouth and ass with cum. They loved fucking each other in the ass but they also loved sucking each other and making love to their beautiful cocks. They were careful however not to be discovered by their parents and they showed their affection for one another outside their home. 

Saturday morning was their favorite time together when their parents were off visiting other farmers. Either Andre would wake up Marcel with a blow job or Marcel would wake up Andre with one. Then they would fuck each other in bed. Sometimes they would shower together and fuck each other in the shower and then return to bed and fuck and suck some more. They would spend hours on a Saturday morning making love to each other.

This continued for over a year and then their world was shattered. The German army had invaded France and the occupation began. Andre and Marcel fled the farmhouse and found refuge in an old abandon barn. Their parents had abandoned their farm as well and were hiding out with other farmers. If the Germans caught any of them they were often imprisoned or killed. It was a desperate time for all.

HENRI AND CLAUDE

The week in Paris had been quite a week for Henri when he lost his virginity and learned about the pleasures of gay sex on his 18th birthday. Henri had traveled to Paris to celebrate his 18th birthday but he had never expected the week long affair with Maurice. The experience he had with Maurice changed his life forever. Now that he had experienced gay sex he was determined to continue his new found life style. He was looking forward to his cousin's arrival at the farm and he hoped that Claude would be receptive to his advances.

Henri had spent Saturday and Sunday evening in his bed masturbating as he recalled the events with Maurice. Henri closed his eyes and jerked off with one hand as he fingered his asshole with the other. Henri's ass had loosened up to where he could now put two fingers in his asshole. He would shoot in buckets as usual and would cover himself with cum from head to pubes. Henri would jerk off two or three times each night fantasizing about Maurice.

That Monday afternoon cousin Claude arrived and he was going to stay at Henri's house and help out at the farm. Claude looked good when he arrived and Henri sized him up and down as he never had before. Claude also 18 years of age had light brown hair, blue eyes and stood at about 5'6". Claude had a slender figure that seemed very effeminate to Henri. Henri noticed that Claude's pants fit very snug around his tight shapely ass. Henri felt his cock surge as he looked at Claude's curvy ass.

Henri showed Claude to his room as they would be sharing the bedroom. Henri had two beds in his room as he had had friends sleep over in the past. Claude unpacked his suitcase and then Henri showed him around the farm until dinner time. After dinner and some family chit chat, Henri and Claude went up to the bedroom. They talked some more until it was time for lights out.

Henri had trouble sleeping and he started to play with himself. He was quiet and tried to be discreet as he slowly jerked off. His eyes were open and he had adjusted to the room lit only by the moon light. Henri swore that he could see Claude's covers moving. He listened intently and then he heard the familiar sound of a hand brushing against the sheet. Henri continued to look and listen and then he was convinced that Claude was jerking off.

"Holy cow!" he thought to himself, "He's jerking off."

Henri eased his body out of bed and his own big erect cock bobbed in front of him as he walked over to Claude's bed. Claude was on his side with his back to Henri and he was so involved with his masturbation that he never saw or heard Henri approach the bed. Henri took a hold of the bed covers and with one quick movement he yanked them off of Claude's body. Claude was startled as Henri caught him with his pajamas down to his knees and his hand wrapped around his erect cock. Henri smiled at his cousin and looked at his cousin's hard cock. Henri guessed his cousin's cock to be just about 6+ inches. Henri then reached for his cousin's cock and Claude freaked out.
