 Derrick raised his hand to knock on the door to the apartment of his best friend. Well, at least the man who used to be his best friend. He hadn't been able to maintain many deep relationships since he'd landed himself in the Pennsylvania State Penitentiary five years ago. Even his own mother had shunned him, instead choosing to tell her church friends that he'd gone up north to Penn State.

Well, she was sort a right. And if it wasn't bad enough that he'd gone to jail, it certainly was bad enough that he'd went in and fulfilled all the jailhouse rumors. It'd been five years since he had his fingers, face, and dick in pussy, and after many lonely nights in a small jail cell, he'd succumbed to the pressures, and needless to say, his tastes had changed.

His dick jumped now just thinking about it. Derrick knocked on the door once last time and then turned to go. He had a few dollars saved up from the time he'd spent inside. Maybe he'd stay at a hotel for a few—

"D!"

The door swung open behind him, and Derrick turned to greet the man he'd spent his childhood with.

"Brian, what's up, man?"

"Nothing, man. So, what? You out now?"

Derrick nodded. "Parole. I know this is sudden, and we haven't talked in a minute, but I need a place to crash for a while. Just till I get on my feet. I mean, if it's cool with your girl."

"Fuck my girl. I got rid of that bitch a year ago."

"Damn, man. I'm sorry for real."

"I'm not. Come on in."

Derrick walked in to the condo with his bag hoisted over his shoulder, and he could tell right away that a single man lived there. He wondered what happened. Maybe Stacy had walked in to find him with his dick in some lucky guy's ass. Derrick shook his head. It was wishful thinking. Brian would never go for that.

"You can sleep in the room over there," Brian spoke, pulling Derrick out of his reverie.

"That's where Stacy's sister sleeps when she visits." He frowned. "Or at least that's where she used to sleep before Stacy got home one day and found me ball deep in her pussy." 

He shook his head remorsefully. "All I needed was five more minutes."

"Dude, that's fucked up."

"Not as fucked up as her hooking up with some out of work cat ad putting me in debt to take care of his broke ass." He laughed. "I ain't worried about it, though. Got this broad down the street, got a rich daddy so she don't ask me for shit. Man, I stick my dick wherever I want whenever I want."

"She got an ass?"

Brian let out a whistle. "Man! That ass goes on for days."

"You fucked it?"

"What the hell you talking about? She got a tight pussy that's dripping wet. Why the fuck you worried about her ass? You done went to jail and became somebody little bitch?"

"Hell naw!" Derrick replied, too high pitched and nervous. "I meant are you hitting that bitch from the back?"

"Shit. That's a given. Man, I bend that bitch over, smack that ass hard and just walk it jiggle. Then I fuck her like a dog and make her get on her knees and lick it up."

Derrick imagined Brian on his knees, stroking his dick, his snake like tongue flicking over his bulbous head, his hot mouth wrapping around his shaft. His hand flew down to his jeans, and before he knew it, he'd squeezed his dick.

Brian paused a minute. "Shit. Listen to me talking about pussy when you probably forgot what it feels like. You ain't felt nothing, but your five fingers in years. My bad, man."

Derrick shrugged his shoulders, thinking to himself about all the hands, mouths, and assholes he'd had wrapped around his dick over the last five years. He looked out into space, reminiscing, and then his eyes landed on something in the corner, and he got an idea.

"You still hoop?"

Brian laughed. "What the fuck you mean do I still hoop? I can still whoop your ass."

Derrick shook his head. "You couldn't whoop my ass before; you can't whoop my ass now."

Brian stood up abruptly, grabbing the basketball. "You ain't said nothing, but a word. Get your ass outside."

"I can't believe you had the nerve to come up in my house and challenge me."

Derrick laughed. "You talking shit, but you ain't did nothing yet."

"My hoop skills are goin' do the talking for me." Brian pulled off his shirt, and Derrick lost himself for a minute. 

Damn, he was sexy. Ripped abs, toned muscles, his sweat just starting to glisten, causing moisture to run down his swollen pecs. His nipples stood out like Hershey kisses, and Derrick wanted to circle his tongue around them, licking his way down his stomach, making a wonder line all the way down to that chocolate prize.

"First one to ten wins." Brian started, dribbling the ball.

"I've got home court advantage," he continued, between dribbles. "And what do you say that we make a little wager?"

"Like what?" Derrick asked, his interest suddenly peaked.

"You staying up in my house rent free for God knows how long. When I win, you do what I want around the house however I want you to do it when I tell you to."

"If I when?"

Brian scoffed. "I won't entertain that notion."

"Come on man. What I get if I win?"

"Same thing. Anything you want at any time. But..." he said, too sure of himself. "You won't win."

*****

He won. It wasn't much of a game, really. He'd spent the last five years of his life doing nothing but playing basketball, and he'd scored ten points before Brian even scored six without breaking a sweat. Brian had underestimated him, and consequently, played right into his hands. Now the real fun would begin.

"Alright, man." Brian said after he'd gotten his breath back. "You won. What you want? A sandwich or a beer?"

"Maybe later," Derrick replied. "But for now, get on your knees."

"What?" Brian said quickly, caught off guard.

"You heard me, on your knees."

"Hell naw. You lost your fucking mind? I ain't with that fag shit."

"I won. A deal's a deal. You said anything. This is the thing I choose. Now, get on your knees."

Brian's eyes darted from side to side and then he made a quick decision, throwing a quick punch to the air to try to escape. But Derrick was way ahead of him, fending off the punch and twisting Brian's hand behind his back.

"Don't fuck with me, Brian. I will literally break your shit in half if you try that shit again. Now, for the last time, get on your fuckin knees."

He heard Brian's heavy breathing, him cursing under his breath, struggling to get out of the hold. 

"A'ight man! A'ight!" He finally screamed, the pain getting to him, and Derrick let him go.

"A'ight. Let's go inside."

"Here."

Brian shook his head fiercely. "Hell naw. I got neighbors."

"I don't give a damn about your neighbors. They can come over here and suck my dick too if they wanna. So get on the ground and put this meat in your mouth."

Brian let out a heavy sigh, and then he slumped his shoulders in defeat, sinking to the ground. He was positioned right in front of Derrick's crotch, and he could see his dick hardening to create a bulge in his pants.

He unzipped his pants slowly, the jeans parting to reveal a pair of black briefs, tightening by the second. Brian looked up at Derrick, fearful, and Derrick nodded his head downward. Brian pulled his jeans down to his ankles, and Derrick stepped out of them, parting his legs to give him complete access. And then Brian touched it, the palm of his hand just barely making contact, and Derrick's dick sprang up, it's dark head standing straight against his stomach.

He pulled his dick free of his boxers, holding his massive nine inch dick out like a sword. He slapped it across Brian's face, parting his glans back to touch his lips.

"Open your mouth." Derrick commanded, and Brian tentatively opened his mouth. 

Derrick smacked the very tip of his head around his open mouth, letting his dick just barely touch his oral cavity. 

"Lick it." He demanded forcefully, and Brian's tongue slid out slowly, grazing the tip of his head.

"If you do it like that, we'll be here all day," Derrick commented languidly, and Brian touched his tongue to the tip again, this time swirling his tongue around the head. 

He flicked his tongue across Derrick's piss slit and then he wrapped one hand around the thick dick, licking its underside.

"Shit." Derrick let out a soft groan as Brian used his mouth to get his dick wet. 

"Enough of that," Derrick told him, placing a hand on his own dick. "Suck it." 

He fed his dick into Brian's mouth, sliding it in and out of his wet cavern.

"Fuck!" He yelled as he put Brian's hand back on his dick, and Brian slowly bobbed up and down on it, taking about three inches in his mouth before taking it out and licking on the head again.

"Hey," Derrick shouted, opening his eyes and looking down at him, "Keep this meat in your mouth before I bend you over and make you take this meat like the 'lil bitch you are." 

Brian whimpered, opening his mouth to shove Derrick's swollen cock back inside. He locked his jaw to create suction, and then he bobbed up and down on Derrick's snake with renewed vigor, taking it about halfway in before gagging and pulling it out of his mouth with an audible pop.

"What the hell do you think you're doing?" Derrick asked. 

"Did I tell you to—ahh, shit..." Derrick groaned when he felt Brian's mouth on his left ball.

He grasped the whole thing between his lips, and then he sucked into the heat of his mouth, lolling his tongue around it. 

"Damn, bitch." Derrick said, grabbing Brian's head. "That's right. Suck daddy's balls. Show him how much you love it." 

Brian suddenly switched, taking the right ball into his mouth and showing it the same attention he'd shown the left. Then he pulled both of them into his mouth, and Derrick's knees buckled.

"Fuck. If I'd known your bitch ass liked sucking my dick this much, I would have let you taste it a long time ago." 

Brian couldn't take anymore. He let Derrick's balls fall from his mouth, pulling his head back.

"A'ight, man. I'm done."

"The hell you are," Derrick said with a laugh, and then he grabbed the back of Brian's head and shoved it on his dick. 

Brian gagged as he suddenly had all ten inches of big black cock down his throat, his nose buried in Derrick's dick hair. And then Derrick started fucking his face, his dick flying in and out of Brian's mouth as Brian kneeled in front of him, his mouth open in humiliation.

"Shit." Derrick huffed, his dick sawing through Brian's mouth. 

"Fuck." He screamed as his dick hit the back of Brian's throat again and again." 

He kept the back of his hands glued to Brian's head, his dick thrusting in and out like a piston, his balls slapping against his chin.

"Take this dick. Shit. Shit. Ahh, fuck..." He cried out as his balls tightened. "Oh yeah, you like daddy's dick. You're such a good bitch. You're making daddy cum." 

At the mention of the word "cum", Brian pulled his head back.

Derrick laughed, forcing his head back onto his dick. "You want this cream, don't you? The nut from this dick got your mouth watering. Shit. Fuck. Take...this...dick...in...FUCK!" 

His dick erupted in three, four, five spurts of heavy white cream, and his knees gave out. He leaned forward, his hand still on the back of Brian's head and they fell together, his balls pressed against his chin as Derrick straddled his face.

"Ahhh fuck." Derrick exhaled. He looked down at Brian, his cum dripping from the side of his mouth. 

Derrick grasped his softening dick, running it through the globs of semen. He rubbed it across Brian's mouth. 

"Clean it up."

Brian stuck his tongue it, circling it around Derrick's cum covered head. He opened his mouth to suck it off, cleaning the underside with a few flicks of his tongue. When he'd finished, he let Derrick's dick fall from his mouth, the nut trapped inside.

"Swallow it."

Brian shook his head, and Derrick struck his hand across Brian's face. "Be a good bitch and swallow Daddy's cum. You know you want my cream churning inside of you. 

"Swallow it," he commanded again, and Brian held his lips shut and gulped it down.

"Good, girl," Derrick commented, standing up so that Brian was no longer pinned. "Get up."

Brian stood to his feet, wiping his hand across his mouth, his head downcast. Derrick walked behind him, his crotch against Brian's full ass, and his dick jumped. 

"Damn," he started, positioning his dick between Brian's ass cheeks. 

"I just can't get enough of you," he whispered, running his hands down Brian's jean-clad muscular ass.

He cupped one hand around a supple cheek, letting his other hand run over Brian's chest and abs. 

"I think we should go inside," he whispered, slipping his fingers inside the very tip of Brian's jeans. 

He ran his fingers through Brian's course hair, abruptly pulling them out and smacking his ass.

"Now, get your fine ass in there and drop 'em."

Inside, with a chuckle Derrick walked around behind Brian, bent over doggy-style with his jean and underwear down. Placing both of his hands on Brian's ass, he pried apart the two cheeks until Brian's tiny anus was revealed. The puckered ring spammed as he leaned over Brian's prostrate form and pressed his massive pipe against Brian's asshole.

Derrick spit loudly into the palm of his hand, and then rubbed it around the huge dome of his dick. Even though he liked women, jail made him realize his love of dick. He'd found that a dude's asshole was nearly as good as a virgin's tight pussy.

Rubbing the cock-head until it glistened he stuck his middle finger in his mouth so that it was coated with his saliva, then with the other hand he reached down to part Brian's butt cheeks. Brian winced and started to struggle even more, pleading with Derrick to stop, but Derrick ignored him as he pried his booty meant apart and spied the tiny puckered ring of Brian's anus. Then he pressed the tip of his middle finger against his tight sphincter, feeling it contract tightly at his touch, and began to push against it. Brian screamed as his fingertips forced its way into his anus; slowly inexorably the tip disappeared into the orifice up to the first segment of his finger.

"Agggghhhhhh! Shit, muthafucka!!" Brian screamed as Derrick crammed more and more of his finger, which felt like it was ten times bigger than it really was the rest of the way up his ass.

He grunted when Derrick's knuckle pressed into crack of his ass, his rectum flared with hot pain as his boy started to twist his finger around his taut passage; he arched his back off the couch as his sphincter gave way to the finger. This only made Derrick dig his finger in deeper into his ass, fighting to keep up his hood demeanor. Brian's dick was stiffening to full hardness as his insides were continually stroked. 

"Agggghhhhhh!"

"Not so tough now? And you all bricked up too!" Derrick chuckled as he watched Brian's cock swell between his legs. 

Brian's own cock swayed and jerked as he felt Brian's rectum pull and squeeze at his finger as he jerked it in and out. He pulled it out for a second to join it.

"Yeah, nigga, you like having my finger up your ass? Making you real horny, isn't it?"

Brian buried his face into the arm of the couch as he felt his cock throbbing hotly between his legs, jerking each time in response to Derrick's finger thrusting up his ass. Each time Derrick's finger jabbed him into his rectum would set off a new wave of hot pleasure through. He could do nothing, but lie there and submit to it, his friend had him and his ass.

"W- -what are you doing?" Brian asked in a thick raspy voice, turning his head to look over his shoulder as Derrick leaned over him and cupped his ass in his meaty hands. 

He gasped as he felt something huge pressed against his ass, realizing that Derrick was about to fuck him. He started to scream as his friend began to probe his ass with quick jabs of his hips. The huge bulbous head slowly pressed against his tight sphincter and he started to groan as it felt like something the size of a baseball bat was being slowly pushed up his ass.

He thrashed wildly on the couch in a vain attempt to get away, but all he did was prolong the inevitable. He moaned suddenly when Derrick brought all his weight down on top of him, shoving his hips forward against him as he rammed his cock inside his ass. Brian screamed as his body was hit with by white-hot pain. He felt Derrick grab him by the shoulders and drive him down onto the couch, and then he felt the jailbird pressed his crotch fully into his ass. The pain turned to pleasure quickly and Brian moaned aloud.

"Yeah, moan for me, nigga! Mmhm, you like this dick in ya ass, huh?!" Derrick taunted as he continued his merciless attack on his friend's rectum.

Derrick paused a moment in his assault, his big muscular frame shiny with sweat as he looked down at Brian with pleasure on his face. He gripped Brian around the waist and began to push with his hips again all the while watching as his dick slip inside. His shaft was so lubed with spit with Brian's blowjob that he easily slid his ten inch cock all the way up his boy's ass. Derrick grunted with satisfaction when his bulbous sac was slapping up against the Brian's trembling thighs.

"Damn, you got a tight ass, nigga!"

The brutal impact of the Derrick's pelvis on his upturned buttocks sent hot flashes of pain up his bowels; he grabbed the couch as hard as he could as he was yanked back and forth. He clenched his teeth as Derrick's nails dug into the flesh of his ass as the enormous cock rammed in and out of his ass, the shaft tearing at the tender flesh of his rectum until finally the pain began to fade. Slowly the intense stabbing pain in his ass dulled to a low throb and stretched to accommodate Derrick's massive prick, before long the huge cock was sliding effortlessly in and out of his ass.

Brian was soon grunting and groaning as Derrick humped in and out, pulling his cock nearly all the way out of his ass before slamming it back home, his huge balls slapping against Brian's testicles. Before long Brian felt his own cock swelling to full erectness all on its own, he blushed with shame as he was slowly aroused by the heated massage of his prostate. Finally he just surrendered to the sensations, allowing himself to go completely limp and not resist as the bigger man rode him for all he was worth.

"Yeah, you really gettin' into now, ain't you, bitch?" He smacked Brian's hard on the ass to punctuate his last statement.

Almost immediately Derrick was rewarded with a definite affirmative as Brian started to hump his ass off the couch, ramming his ass backwards as he thrust his giant cock forward, taking all ten inches of Derrick's cock up his tight ass. Derrick grinned as he realized that he had fully broken the will of his friend as Brian was now eagerly taking all of the Derrick's big black meat and wanted more. Derrick picked up the pace of his thrusts, violently ramming his huge cock in and out of Brian's ass until it was a blur. Then after a few minutes he hunched over his friend, his huge frame stiffening as he threw his head back and roared as he started to nut in his boy's ass.

"Agggghhhhhh, yeah! I'm cumming! Here it comes, bitch! Here comes my nut! Agggghhhhhh!"

Brian stiffened as Derrick collapsed on top of him, driving his immense hard-on all the way up his ass as the first load of hot sperm exploded from his cock. He gasped as he felt his ass suddenly flood with Derrick's full load of thick, hot semen, then another load followed and another.

His friend lay there breathing hard as Derrick continued to pump load after load into his booty until it seemed he could not hold anymore. Then the huge man slowly drew his thick hose out of his boy's anus, spewing the last few loads onto Brian's quivering buttocks. Derrick stood behind Brian panting as his massive erection finally deflated as he watched his thick semen ooze out of Brian's twitching ass.
