 I step out of the car and tell Matt to stay in the garage in fear of what could be inside the house. I slowly walk through the door into the kitchen where I quietly open a cabinet with a hidden baseball bat in it. I always keep it in the cabinet for circumstances just like this. 

I walk through the kitchen and round the corner where I am startled by my parents sitting on the couch across the coffee table from a young lady. I have never met this lady before but her face makes her seem nice. 

I put the baseball bat down in realization that everything is okay, I turn towards the kitchen and call out to the garage "MATT. EVERYTHING IS FINE YOU CAN COME IN NOW". Turning my head was a big mistake because my mom saw my new earrings. 

"What in god's good earth is that thing doing in your ear? And why are you dressed like some stripper?" my mom blurted out. 

My dad chimed in and said "yes son. I don't give you money to spent on stupid things that only girls wear."

"For your information dad, earrings aren't just for girls. And mom, I'm a big kid, I can make my own choices. And this is workout gear. I was on my way to the gym when I realized I left my membership card here. I have a trainer that I need to get back to so I'm afraid I'm going to have to cut whatever this is short." I replied. 

Then Matt came around the corner and my mom's jaw immediately dropped when she saw the pride shirt. She jumped out of her seat and pulled me off to the side and angrily whispered "Who is that man? And why is he wearing a shirt of the devil? Is he a faggot?"

"No mom. That's all they had at the store. His clothes got stolen so we quickly had to buy him a shirt and that's all we could find." I quickly replied.

"Oh good. Because if he was you can't be associated with him. But anyways you can't leave. Me and your father have someone we want you to meet." She said as she pulled me back to the couches. 

"This is Amanda. She's very nice. And as you can see very pretty" at this Amanda began to blush.Then she whispered in my ear, "We want you to take her out on a date. And none of this excuses business. Not only are you going to date Amanda but someday you will marry her."

My heart dropped. My parents were going to force me to eventually marry this girl. First of all I don't even know her. And second of all I'M FUCKING GAY. I can't do this. My parents are always trying to set me up with girls but they've never taken it this far. 

At that moment I only had one thought. I have to come out. That's the only way I'll get out of this. But if I come out I'll be cut off and won't be able to pay for college or this house. Before I come out I need to move all the money from my trust fund into a private account. One that my dad can't touch. 

"Can I take her out later. Because I've already eaten and me and Matt really have to get to the gym. I'll be back. I promise." I said as I gave my mom a kiss on the cheek knowing it'll probably be the last one I ever give her. 

"Oh Matt can you take Rose outside and make sure she goes potty. Then I'll call you back inside when I'm ready."

"Sure thing. Nice to meet you mr and mrs Peterson." He said as he shook each of their hand and called for Rose to go outside. 

I have been keeping a folder of phone numbers to call in case I did have to suddenly transfer all my money to another account. I grab all the numbers and stuff them into a backpack. I also put some sweats on over my shorts to make my mom happy one last time. 

I head downstairs and call for Matt. I give my parents a hug and apologize to Amanda for having to leave after just getting home. Matt come in and we head for the garage. I start to pull out of the garage when my mom stops me. 

"You better be home by 5. We won't let Amanda wait forever. You must make a good impression" she called out to me over the sound of the car engine. 

"What was that about? And what trainer were you talking about?" Matt asked

"My parents are gonna try to force me to marry that girl. But I'm not going to so I'm going to come out to them. But first I need to take care of financial issues so I can support myself." I answer. 

"Like what?"

"I have to hide my trust fund money in a different account. Don't worry. It's not illegal. Trust me I've looked. I've hired a lawyer for just this purpose. But that's where we're going right now." I told him. 

"Are you sure you want to do this? From what I've seen coming out will make you lose your family." He said with a high tone in his voice. 

"Yes I'm sure. If I can't be with the one that I care about and really want to be with," I said as I took my right hand from the steering wheel and placed it on his thigh and squeezed, "then I'd rather be alone forever." I assured him. 

"You want to be with me?" He asked

All I did was nod my head and give him a bright smile. 

"Good cause I really want to be with you too. I was trying to think of a way to tell you but I didn't know how to." He revealed. 

*******

My heart started pounding as we got to my bank. I was really gonna just take all the money my dad was giving me. I was gonna be losing my parents almost certainly forever. But it was all worth it because I'd be with Matt. And I would have to hide who I am to anyone anymore. 

I told the bank clerk "Hi. I'm here to empty out my account and transfer it all to another account."

"May I ask why you're canceling this account?" She said in a worried voice. 

"Yes. Me and my boyfriend have been keeping our relationship from my parents and we don't want to hide anymore. But if I know my dad, which I do, he'll cancel my bank account. That account has all of our money in it. So I just want to be safe." I told her as Matt waved his hand at the clerk. 

What I folder her wasn't a lie. But it wasn't all completely true. 

"Alright we can do that for you. Don't worry sweetly. I'll take good care of you." The clerk said as she walked away and got the manager and told him what our situation was. 

"Hello. My name is Nicholas Banters. I assure you that we can do all as you request," he said to me. 

A few minutes later mr Banters came back and acknowledged that the original account had been cleared and that the new account would be active in less than two hours. We thanked both of them and left the bank. 

"I still can't believe this is happening. Why is it so hot in this damn car." I said as I shimmied out of the sweats I had put on as well as my shirt. I threw both of them into the back seat and nervously drove home. 

"Wait. Your parents have a key to your house right?" Matt asked me. 

"Yeah. Why?" I replied. 

"Well if how you say they're gonna react don't you want to be able to keep them out of your house?" He said. 

"You're right. Well go to the hardware store and order some right now. I need a little more time to think about what I'm going to say to them." I answered. 

We ended up ordering locks for every outside door, the door to the garage, and every door to a bedroom. We ordered them to be installed the earliest they could which was tomorrow morning. Now it was time to head home and no excuses. I have to come out to my parents. And today. 

******

We pulled into the garage at 4:45. 15 minutes left before I absolutely had to go inside or my mom would kill me. Well she's going to either way. 

I just sat there not saying a word. Just holding Matt's hand as if it was the last resort to save myself from my imminent doom. Matt cleared his throat after a while and said "It's 5 o'clock. You have to go in now."

I sighed heavily, let go of Matt's arm and opened my door. I slowly walked into the kitchen and saw my parents in the living room with Amanda. I quickly leaned down by Amanda and whispered into her ear "Would you mind coming with me for a moment? I need to tell you something."

"Sure. No problem." She whispered back. 

I lead her up the stairs and into a guest room and sat on the bed and asked her to take a seat. "I'm sorry about whatever my parents have told you but I'm afraid it won't work out. I'm gay and I'm about to come out to my parents and I don't think it will be pretty. I'm just warning you. Would you mind waiting in here until it's all over?"

"Oh of course. My baby brother is gay and my parents didn't take it well. Even though we don't know each other, I'm here to talk to. But when you're done you better come and tell me because I'm not planning on spending the night." She jokingly said. 

I let out a slight laugh and thanked her for her understanding. 

I then walked back downstairs when my mom said "Where'd Amanda go?"

"I asked her to stay upstairs until I've gotten through with what I have to say." I said as I scooted by my parents and sat next to Matt on the loveseat. 

"Mom, Dad. I have something I need to tell you. And this is really hard for me so please try to understand." I paused and stared at my parents confused faces. "I'm, I'm. I'm gay. "

Their faces turned from confused to angry. My mom got up from her spot, stood right in front of me and slapped me. I never thought my mom would ever harm me like that. But it didn't just physically hurt, it hurt emotionally. I felt like my world had just fallen apart. 

"I will not have a faggot for a son. What's going to happen is you're gonna go upstairs, change into something presentable, and take Amanda on a date. And I will hear no more of this 'I'm gay' crap. I DID NOT RAISE A GAY SON" she yelled to me. 

Somehow I mustered up enough of my voice to say, well rather shout back, "NO. I AM GAY AND THERE'S NO CHANGING IT. IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT THEN YOU CAN GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY LIFE."

She slapped me again as she hurriedly walked to my dad, told him to get up, and strutted to the front door, opened it wide open and walked straight out of my life. Forever. 

My dad came to me and said in a low voice "I want you out of this house by the end of the day."

"Not gonna happen. Everything I have is in my name. And don't bother with the trust fund money. I canceled my account. So you won't be supporting me at all. Now get. Out. Of. My. House." I confidently responded. 

That was the last time I would ever see them. 

*******

I just sat there. Not moving a muscle. The only thing moving were the tears streaming down my face. Just like a waterfall. I was pulled into Matt's warm embrace as I wept into his shoulder. 

After about ten minutes I heard footsteps and I realized it was Amanda. I quickly wiped my face dry of my tears and somehow managed to say to her, "Oh I'm sorry. I forgot to tell you we were done. Matt do you think-"

"Oh no. Don't worry about me. I'll just catch a cab. You just need to worry about yourself and right now you don't need to be alone. You need him right now. I'll just let myself out." She said as she slowly backed up to the front door and let herself out. 

I nuzzled back into Matt's wet shirt and cried for what I'm sure was a period of hours.

I must've fallen asleep because I woke up in my bed the next morning. I was naked under the covers and I could feel the heat of a wonderful person spooning me. My coming out had gone just as I imagined. Terrible. The only good thing about it was Matt.