 Peter Russell stepped out of his car and looked up at the building before him. 'Block G, level 4, room 417,' he muttered to himself under his breath, glancing down at the key in his hand.

All around him anxious parents were fussing round their kids, helping them with boxes, bags and suitcases. Pete slung his backpack over his shoulder, pulled his case from the back seat of his battered Peugeot, and slammed and locked the door of the car. 'His car,' he thought proudly to himself. Weeks of hard work at his local supermarket over the summer had paid off. He was mobile and independent, and not reliant on his mum and dad to get him off to University.

As he'd locked the car door he'd caught a glimpse of himself in the door mirror. He was 19, five-eight and slim. Straight black hair hung down to his collar and fell across his piercing, blue eyes. His thin, pointed chin and full lips gave him a strange, serious look, he thought to himself. 'Not bad, for a nerd, I suppose,' he thought to himself. 'A virgin nerd..." unbidden the thought popped into his head, and he lost himself in a moment of thought.

--

The matter of his virginity had been much on Peter's mind in the past year. In his last year at sixth-form college, when all about were losing theirs, he had remained strictly, if unwillingly, virginal. It was not as if he wasn't getting plenty of sex as such, but somehow Pete didn't think that extended solo sessions on the internet really counted in the virginity stakes, no matter how many times a week he managed to orgasm. ('Thirty-five,' he grinned inwardly to himself, parenthetically. That had been a the most memorable week of the summer, when his parents had left him at home while they went off to the family holiday cottage in Devon, and he'd done nothing much except wank, eat pizza, drink beer and sleep for the entire week.)

The trouble wasn't that no sex was on offer, just that Peter somehow never seemed to work up the enthusiasm for it. Even when Tracey Bingham had, at an otherwise unmemorable summer party, pulled up her top and thrust her bare, and very ample, breasts at him, he'd just gone a pink in the face and turned away, with Tracey's laughter ringing in his ears.

The real trouble was that girls such as Tracey and her gaggle of giggling friends didn't really do anything for Peter. He didn't want to admit it to himself, but one of the main attractions to him, of spending extra time in the Physics lab at college, was that the lab looked out over the sports field, and from the benches along the window he could gaze out at the sports field, where there were always groups of muscular, sporty guys in tee-shirts and shorts running about or kicking a ball...

--

Pete shook his head and came back to the present. He really didn't want to follow that thought where it was heading. Picking up his suitcase, he lugged it into the building and climbed the stairs to the 4th floor.

'Room 417,' he thought to himself, looking up and down the corridor. 'Shared room 417, dammit!' He'd hoped for a single room, but there weren't enough for everyone, and in the lottery of university rooms he'd lost out. He'd be sharing with another boy. He didn't relish the lack of privacy, but he supposed that he'd get through it somehow. He and his room-mate would have to work things out. 'Hang a tie on the door-knob when we want to be alone!' he laughed to himself.

He came to the door of his room, put the key in the lock and pushed the door open. Clearly his new room-mate had already arrived. Standing by one of the beds, busily unpacking a suitcase, stood a tall, muscular lad, with a mop of unruly, straw-coloured hair. He was obviously around the same age as Peter. His broad shoulders stretched the fabric of his tee-shirt, and as he was wearing shorts Peter could see that his muscular legs were covered in a light and soft-looking down of hair.

As Peter entered the room, the guy looked up from his unpacking, glanced across to Pete and smiled. 'Hi I'm Sam, Sam Miller,' he said, holding out his hand to shake Peter's. 'Hi, I'm P... P... Peter Russell,' Pete managed to stammer out, momentarily reduced to incoherence for reasons that he could not quite put his finger on.

'Nice to meet you,' said Sam. 'Great to be here finally, and away from home and college, isn't it?'

'Yes, I guess so.'

'What are you studying?'

'Physics,' Pete replied.

'OK, I'm doing Sports Science,' Sam said. 'I guess that they like to mix people up a bit when they share rooms.' 'Still, a bit of a bugger that we didn't get single rooms, hey?'

'Yes, I guess so,' said Peter, not entirely sure that he meant it!

'We'll manage, I guess,' Sam continued. 'Mind you, It'll be fucking awkward when one of us wants a wank - unless either of us is into exhibitionism I suppose!'

Pete didn't know where to look. 'Mmmmm...' he mumbled.

Sam roared with laughter. 'Don't mind me,' he chuckled, slapping Peter on the shoulder. 'You'll get used to my sense of humour - I hope!'

'I guess!' said Peter, sheepishly.

How he was going to get through the next few days, let alone a whole year, sharing a room with Sam, Pete wondered to himself. 

--

Pete and Sam spent the rest of the afternoon settling into their new room, unpacking and organising themselves, and meeting the other students sharing their corridor. Since neither of them knew anyone else on campus they more-or-less automatically hung out together.

Later in the afternoon they wandered around the campus together, exploring, and then went down to the refectory for dinner. Everywhere they went, Pete noticed the girls checking Sam out. 'Hardly surprising,' he thought to himself. Sam certainly had the looks.

After about the 50th girl had finished drooling over Sam, Pete felt he had to say something.

'You seem to have almost every girl on campus falling over herself for you!' he laughed.

Sam grinned. 'Well,' he said, 'when you've got it, you've got it!'

After dinner the two boys headed back to their room. 

'I'm going to shower, and then head off down the bar,' said Sam. 'Give all the lovely ladies a chance to have a piece of this amazing body!'

Pete smiled, he was starting to get used to Sam's manner. 

'Well, I'm off later to the Physics Department social.'

Sam pulled a face. 'Not much chance of you finding the girl of your dreams there!'

Peter sat on his bed and started reading, while Sam headed into the small shower-room attached to the boys' bedroom, and soon Pete heard the water running.

Pete let his mind wander from the story that he was reading, and found himself imagining what was going on the in shower-room. Sam, stripped naked, standing under the running jet of water, soaping himself up. What would Sam look like in the shower, Pete wondered, would he be hard, lathering his cock...

Peter quickly shut down that train of thought. What was the matter with him? He tried to concentrate on his book.

After a while the sound of the shower stopped, and a few minutes later the shower-room door opened. Sam stepped into the room, obviously naked except for his towel wrapped loosely around his waist. Peter tried desperately to focus on his book as Sam begun to dry himself. Sam turned away from Pete as he dried, but Pete, half watching, half not, out of the corner of his eye couldn't help but check Sam out, as the girls had been doing earlier.

After a few minutes of fumbled drying with the towel still around his waist, Sam clearly realised that wasn't going to work. He undid the towel and held it behind him, one end in each hand. He begun to dry vigorously, and as he brought the towel up to shoulder level to dry between his shoulders, Peter caught a glimpse of the firm cheeks of Sam's bottom peeking out from below the towel. It was as much as Peter could do to stifle a gasp.

Then, as Sam turned slightly sideways, to reach across to his bedside cabinet for a pair of clean boxers, Peter saw, oh so briefly, Sam's cock, limp, but thick and long, before Sam turned away again.

Peter felt his own cock stirring and growing hard in his pants, and shifted his position on the bed to make sure that Sam didn't see the growing bulge, turning towards the wall and away from that disturbing, but somehow wonderful sight. What was going on? Peter knew, but still did not want to admit it to himself.

When Sam finished dressing, and Pete had calmed down a little, it was time for him to head out for the evening. 'See you later!' he said to Sam. 'I guess I'll be back at around 10.30.'

'OK, bye! Have fun. Don't get too excited with all the Physics!' Sam joked.

'And you have fun fighting off the ladies!' replied Peter.

--

The Physics Department social was not a great success. Cheap wine and warm cheese, drunk with a bunch of nerds much like himself wasn't really Peter's idea of a fun evening. By nine o'clock he was ready to leave.

A short walk brought him back to his room, and as he approached the door Pete wondered how Sam was doing. 'Clearly he's not hooked up,' Pete thought to himself as he put the key into the door, 'no tie!' Grinning to himself at his own little joke, Peter pushed open the door of his room, stepped in and stopped dead.

It only took him a moment to take in the scene in front of him. Sam was naked, sitting up on his bed and leaning back on his pillows. His cock was erect, long and thick, swollen, and he was pumping it furiously with his right hand, a look of ecstasy on his face. He was wearing headphones, so he'd not heard Pete enter the room, and his attention was fully focussed on his laptop. He was watching porn, of course. But instead of some pretty girl getting herself fucked, Pete saw that the video was of two young lads of about his own age. They were in a '69' position, greedily slurping and sucking deeply on each others' cocks. A muscular, blond boy was lying on his back, and over him, on his hands and knees, was a slim, dark-haired, nerdy-looking boy. Sam pumped and pumped on his long, thick cock, and soft moans of pleasure were coming from his parted lips.

Peter was frozen by the scene in front of him. Was Sam fantasising about, wanking off to in fact, having sex with him? But he'd let the door go, and it swung shut with a bang.

Sam heard that, of course. His face switched instantly from a look of pleasure to one of total panic, as he looked across at where Peter stood. 'Shit! Fuck! Fuck!' he yelled, slamming down the lid of his laptop and pulling the duvet over himself to cover his rapidly sagging erection.

'Oh Jesus, Pete,' Sam whined. 'You saw, didn't you. Fuck! Fuck! What must you think of me? What's everyone going to say when you tell them?'

Sam's brash confidence seemed to have vanished in an instant. His shoulders sagged, he put his hands over his face, and he began to sob, quietly, to himself.

But as Sam's confidence waned, Peters seemed to grow. He knew what he had to do. What he was going to do.

He walked over to Sam, and sat down next to him on his bed. 'It's OK mate,' he said softly, 'don't worry'. Peter put his left arm around Sam's shoulders, gently rested his right hand on the shoulder nearest him, and gave Sam a brief hug.

Sam took his hands down from his face, and looked at Peter, quizzically.

'I'm not surprised you were enjoying that video, Sam,' Peter said gently, 'it was really, really hot.'

'Y... y... you think so?' Sam stammered through his tears, trying to wipe them away with the edge of the duvet, 'You like that kind of stuff too?'

Peter looked at Sam, intensely. 'Yes, I do. Very much.'

Peter opened the lid of the laptop, and clicked the play button. 

'Why don't we finish watching it together?'

The two boys in the video resumed their cock-sucking, with gusto. The blond boy sucked on his finger and gently pushed it into the dark boy's asshole.

Peter pushed the duvet down, revealing Sam's cock, which was starting to swell and grow again. He stroked his hand over Sam's chest and nipples and nodded his head down towards Sam's erection.

'Why don't you continue where you left off?' Pete said, with a large grin on his face.

Tentatively at first, but then with growing enthusiasm, Sam started to stroke himself again, until he was fully hard. Then he gripped his cock firmly and began to pump it once more, thrusting himself into his fist in time with the boy in the video, as he fingered the dark-haired lad.

Sam glanced down at Pete. A huge bulge was visible in the front of his trousers. 

Sam paused wanking himself, for a moment, and turned towards Peter. 'Thanks, Bud,' he said, and kissed Peter firmly, but tenderly, on the lips. 

The boys kissed, intensely, for a few minutes, their tongues fighting a battle to see which was the strongest. Then Sam pulled away and looked down at Peter again. He began to pump his cock furiously.

'Aren't you a little over-dressed?' he said.

(To be continued...)