 I'm sitting at my computer, furiously writing this even as his hot sticky sperm is cascading down my chin and onto my chest. I just had the hottest encounter with a new friend, and I wanted to get it all down on paper before my memory faded; although, as hot as it was, I don't think my memory of it will fade anytime soon!

He had posted a Craigslist ad over a week ago, looking for a slightly older sex buddy, and I responded. He sounded great; mid-30s, solidly built, married and bi, just what I was looking for in a sex bud. I responded and told him a bit about myself; married bi, 49, attractive but a bit on the big guy side, with a voracious appetite for sucking cock. He responded, but we couldn't work it out right away. Sometimes, good things do come to those who wait!

Last night, I emailed him that today was my day off this week and wondered if we could hook up. He eagerly responded, but it was going to be early morning, about 8, and I agreed to the time. Hate getting up early when I don't have to, but perhaps this would be worth the early wakeup.

Checked my email to be sure, and he had responded to make certain of the time. I told him I would be waiting for him, and went to shave and shower. Sure enough, the hour arrived and my doorbell rang.

Opening the door, I found him smiling and waiting to enter. He came in and shook hands, and we shot the breeze for a few minutes, getting to know each other a bit better. Finally, it came time to get down to what we were both there for, my hot mouth on his stiff cock.

I invited him to sit on the couch, and he remained standing and began taking down his jeans and briefs, letting me get my first look at his cock. A beautiful uncut eight-incher stood before me, shaved clean, with the head already wet with precum and beginning to stretch through his foreskin. He began to unbutton his shirt, and I busied myself with licking the head of his cock.

Once the shirt was off, he sat down on the couch and I began my task. I started slowly, licking the precum off the head of his cock, and then licking down his shaft. He was pleased with this, and softly moaned as I began to slide my tongue all over his cock. He was fully hard now, glistening in the light of the room, and I worked my tongue all over his heavy length. I went down and licked and sucked his heavy balls, knowing I was going to work hard and get that hot cum churning inside them.

Between licks, I asked if he would take some pics for me, as I love seeing myself in action. After assuring him they were only for me and wouldn't be out on the web, he agreed and started taking pics. I paused a few times for action shots -- just the head in my mouth, then half of the shaft, then all the way to his balls, licking his balls, and licking his long shaft. He soon put the camera down and got more into what I was doing, pinching my nipples through my shirt and moaning.

I took my shirt off to give him access to my stiff nipples; they're large and hot, and I love having them pulled while I have a hard cock in my mouth. I moaned around his cock as he played with me, and continued to slowly pleasure his big penis.

After a bit more sucking, he asked to see my cock and for me to take my jeans off. I did so and was now naked before him, then back down on my knees to get his cock back in my mouth. My cock was reacting to my sucking, and he noted my erection with approval.

Suddenly, he got up and asked me to lie down on the floor on my back. I eagerly moved to the new position, and he knelt over my face, pushing his cock into my mouth. I resumed sucking, and he reached down and began to fondle my cock and alternate with rubbing my nipples. I moaned and continued to suck, and then he pulled his cock out of my mouth and replaced it with his heavy balls.

I love licking a guy's balls, and my tongue worked his shaved sack with an eager fervor. He moaned and told me how good it was, and I moaned back around my mouthful of balls. He then rose up and moved forward, silently offering me his hot bottom.

I don't normally rim, but I couldn't resist! He was so hot, and fresh from the shower, I just had to bury my tongue in his ass. He moaned loudly as my tongue penetrated his hole, and I licked and pumped my tongue inside him. He was very tight, and it was hard getting my tongue in him, but I worked and gave us both a lot of pleasure.

He then lifted back up to put his dick back in my mouth, now leaking a steady stream of precum, which I eagerly sucked up. After a few more minutes of this, he pulled out and began to furiously jack his cock. He asked me where I wanted him to squirt, and I told him all over my face. He pumped hard, with me licking his balls, and finally began to groan out in orgasm.

I watched his cock spurt, and lost count of how many shots of hot sticky sperm began to coat my face and neck. He must have pumped for twenty seconds or so, and I was covered in cum when he was done. He got up to clean up in the bathroom, and I found the camera and took a couple of shots of my face and neck covered in his semen.

He returned and got dressed, and we agreed to do it again sometime very soon. I stayed naked and walked him to the door, then closed it and went back to my bed to jack off.

I eagerly ran my fingers through the puddles of sperm, feeding it to my lips, and rubbing it all over my nipples and my cock, mixing it with my own juice. It didn't take me long to squirt a huge load, and I lay there panting for a few minutes before taking a shower. I sure hope to do it again soon, wonder if he wants to fuck me?