 Connor couldn't believe it, he was spending the night at his friend Dave's house and he'd woken up in the middle of the night to piss and when he came back Dave was laying on his back, uncovered with his shorts tenting from his stiff cock. 

Connor had never thought about other guys dicks but when he saw his sleeping friends arousal it made him strangely aroused as well.

He decided to push those feelings away and get back to sleep but he just couldn't get to sleep wondering if Dave was still hard. He thought about pulling Daves shorts down and stroking his cock, maybe he would cum all over himself and Connor could slowly lick him clean. 

Connor was rock hard from all his thinking, he pushed his sweatpants and boxers down and started slowly stroking his cock. He pulled the blanket over himself and stared at the tent in his friends boxers as he slowly stroked himself. He couldn't contain himself, his cock was so hard and hot he thought it might explode, before he knew it he was reaching out and slowly pulling the waistband of Dave's boxers over his erect cock and when he got them down past his balls he had to stifle a gasp as he stared at his friends hard cock, he thought it had to be about 6 inches and he started to stroke his cock faster and groaned under his breath. 

Connor leaned back and closed his eyes thinking about Dave's cock when he suddenly felt a hand wrap around the base of his cock. His eyes shot open and he saw Dave smiling at him as he started slowly moving his hand up and down Connors throbbing hard cock. 

"Mmm, I can't believe it took you all night to bust this bad boy out" He heard Dave say as he laid back and closed his eyes, Connor was in heaven as he felt his friends warm hand slide up and down his hard cock, he was doing all he could to hold back his climax when he felt Dave push a finger against his asshole. Connor had never had anything inside his ass and jumped a little.

"It's okay" Dave told him with a smile as he massaged his balls "just relax".

His warm voice and loving smile settled Connor down and he laid back again. 

"Do you want me to play with your ass?" Dave asked as he stroked Connors cock faster. 

"Yes" Connor told him breathlessly.

"Do you want to cum?" Dave asked as he rubbed precum around the sensitive engorged head of Connors cock.

"Y-Yes!" Connor managed to blurt out trying his hardest to hold back his cum. 

Then Dave went down and in an instantly took Connors entire 6-inch cock down his throat. 

Connors mind went blank and he moaned as he felt Daves warm slick throat hugging his cock and he felt his balls tense up and his load shoot up his cock and into Daves throat. 

Dave swallowed all of his friends cum and came up to him and kissed him. Connor was shocked at first but kissed him back tasting his own cum on Daves tongue. When Dave pulled away from him Connor didn't know what to say staring at his face, then his gaze traveled down from his friends face to his throbbing hard cock, It somehow looked even bigger than before and it made Connors limp cock stir again. He reached out and started stroking Daves cock when his friend stopped him.

"Get on all fours" Dave said with a steely glare that chilled Connor to his core. 

He shakily and slowly got on all fours, getting a little worried about what was happening when he felt Daves hands on his ass. 

He felt a bit embarrassed as Dave analyzed him by slowly rubbing his ass before spreading his buttcheeks and sliding a finger up and down his ass rubbing and pushing against his virgin asshole prompting small groans and moans from Connor. 

He felt a hand rub down from his ass to his balls and that made his cock jump up again and he felt the hand on it grip it hard. He moaned and then felt something cold and wet rub against his ass before wiggling its way in. 

Connor squirmed and moaned while Dave moved his tongue around in his ass, it felt weird at first but he was starting to like it when Dave started stroking his hard cock fast.

Connor was about to cum when Dave pulled his tongue away and let go of his cock. Connor was about to around and protest when he felt Daves hands on his hips, suddenly he froze in place and felt Dave pushing his hard cock against his asshole. 

Connor grabbed a pillow and bit down on it to muffle his screams, he felt like his asshole was being ripped open by Daves cock. 

When the head of his cock was inside Dave stopped pushing, Connors eyes were full of tears as the pain started to be replaced by pleasure, he'd never felt anything like this and he wanted more. Dave started to rub and occasionally slap his ass and Connor started pushing his ass back trying to push his friends cock deeper into him. 

"Mmm so you want more?" Dave asked

Connor was able to yell a muffled "Mhmm!" with his face buried in the pillow. Dave pushed against his ass and he felt himself slowly being filled by his hard cock and he laid his head on the pillow moaning out loud as he felt Daves thighs touching his and he felt his hard cock throb inside his ass.

"Mmm, I've been wanting to fuck this cute little ass of yours" Dave said before slapping Connors ass pulling a small squeal out of him. Connor barely heard him as he reached for his own twitching cock, he was in heaven with a big hard cock filling his ass, he started stroking his hard dick and gasped as he felt Dave pull his cock almost all the way out of his ass before slamming back into him hard.

"Fuck!" Connor couldn't handle Daves big hard cock slamming into him and he started cumming. Thick spurts of cum shot onto the bed and he heard Dave chuckling behind him. 

"Is that all it takes to make you cum?" He asked slapping Connors ass again

"Just fuck me already!" Connor shouted breathlessly.

"Mmm yes sir." Dave said as he started to slam in and out of Connors ass hard, his heavy balls slapping against his friends ass, filling the room with slapping sounds and their moans and grunts.

Dave started to groan loud and gripped Connors waist and started fucking him faster, Connor knew he was close to cumming and the idea of being filled with cum made his cock stiff again immediately.

he pushed his ass back against Dave "Shoot your cum deep inside my ass!" Connor shouted and with that dave slammed into him hard and moaned as Connor felt the big cock in his ass twitch and jerk before it began shooting streams of hot cum inside of him painting his insides and making him cum one more time.

Dave pulled his cock out of Connors ass and Connors knees gave out under him and he collapsed on the bed, Dave laid next to him caressing his face. Connor looked into his friends loving eyes and slowly drifted off to sleep thinking about staying over again the next night.