 As the stats for the round flashed across the screen, Alex and I both took another sip from our drinks- rum and Coke for him, a beer for me.

"Jeez, you keep beating me. I may as well be sucking your dick," Alex sighed with a smile.

I laughed and grinned back mischievously. "Yeah, loser has to suck the winner's dick," I teased. But a sudden rush of blood to my cock made me question just how much I was joking. I had never even kissed another guy, much less done anything to pleasure one. And Alex was my best friend; we had known each other since elementary school. Any attraction I had towards him was overruled by my desire to keep our friendship going. But suddenly, in that moment, I saw him in a new way. I felt such an urge to feel his cock growing in my hand, to wrap my lips around it, to taste his cum...

I shook my head and took another sip of my beer, starting the next round and shrugging off any misplaced desires. My distractions proved to have an obvious effect on my gaming performance, but it seemed no matter how poorly I was doing, Alex always did worse. Like, way worse. Usually, we were a pretty equal match, and as the round ended and I racked up yet another win, I became suspicious he had purposely thrown the game.

He sighed again, albeit a bit more exaggerated this time, and turned to face me, brown eyes locking on mine for a moment. "Well, I guess you get your reward."

I scoffed, "What? You can't be serious."

He simply kept staring at me, raised his eyebrows and bit his lower lip to conceal a grin.

I shifted nervously on the couch. My eyes darted around the room. I could only imagine how obvious the shock and embarrassment was burning on my cheeks. "I mean..." I started softly. "Well, I mean, if I have to take my pants off, you have to take yours off too, to be fair." I looked up at him in shy expectation, anxiously waiting to see how he would respond to my blatant come-on.

He bit his lip again but couldn't hide the smirk playing at the corners of his mouth. "Okay," he simply replied.

Before I could think about what I was doing, a thrilling lust took over my body, and I found myself unbuttoning my tight jeans. Alex watched carefully as I slid them off my hips, along with my boxers, revealing my already-hardening dick, glistening with precum. He stared for a moment, then copied me. My heart pounded as I watched his cock come into view. I couldn't pull my gaze away. He wasn't fully erect yet, but I could already tell he was bigger than me. Despite that fact, side by side, our cocks were comparable in appearance- both circumcised, both a consistent shape and color, the same dribble of precum on the head, and both looking utterly suckable.

Alex knelt on the floor between my legs and immediately took my entire length in his mouth. I instantly hardened the rest of the way and could feel my dick throbbing against his tongue. He must have felt it too, because I saw a glimmer of excitement in his eyes, and he began eagerly sucking me. I gasped and let out a moan. I couldn't believe how good it felt. I was in complete, shocked bliss. I tried to get a better look at him; I wanted to see what he looked like kneeling before me, his mouth filled with my cock. But I couldn't focus. The pleasure I felt weakened me, reducing me to nothing but a moaning, squirming nymphomaniac with an increasingly desperate cock.

I buried my fingers in his long hair, pulling myself in closer to him. I squeezed my eyes shut and became completely lost in the sensation. I didn't care that he was a guy. I didn't care that he was my best friend. I didn't care that I had never done anything like this before. The only thing that mattered was Alex and the things he was doing to my body. I began to feel an intense need to please him as well. The thought of him writhing at the touch of my tongue overwhelmed me. I moved my hands to his back and clawed at his T-shirt, urging him to stand so I could get my mouth around his dick. Desire turned into need. I wouldn't feel satisfied until I had his cum on my lips.

Alex noticed my tugging and pulled away, pouting slightly. "I didn't get to finish you yet."

"Just stand up, I guarantee it'll help me finish!" I practically demanded.

Alex looked confused, but complied regardless. His cock was right at face level now, still just a little soft and hanging perfectly. He noticed me staring and took a step closer, just close enough for me to slip the head between my lips. I looked up at him and he sighed, closing his eyes. Encouraged, I leaned forward and sucked about halfway down his shaft. He was solid in an instant. I could taste him, and I was surprised at how much I loved it. I sucked harder and deeper, trying to will some more precum out of him, and was rewarded with another delicious drop.

I turned my attention to pleasing him, doing everything I could to elicit a moan or grunt. I couldn't quite take the whole thing; it was huge now that it was fully erect. But choking on his big, hard cock only proved to turn me on even more. I wrapped my hand around the base and used it to guide the portion I could handle in and out of my mouth. Every so often, I would pull away and rub the shaft, relishing in the way the soft tip brushed against my lips, coating them in drips of precum. I became more and more eager. I reached around to grab his ass, pulling him in hard, forcing his dick deeper down my throat. He moaned and his face contorted in pleasure. He liked it a bit rough, I could tell, so I sucked him like crazy and watched him get lost in his ecstasy.

The throbbing in my own cock had become out of control by this point. An actual puddle was forming on the couch cushion between my thighs, which caught Alex's attention.

"I can't reach you like this," he panted, eyeing my dick hungrily.

Without a second thought, I got off the couch and moved to the floor, motioning for him to lie down next to me. His cock at my lips once again, and mine at his, we laid side by side facing opposite directions and began to tease each other with our tongues. He was the first to start sucking me again. A sense of relief washed over me. I was so grateful to finally get some release from my pent-up lust, but it quickly turned to an unquenchable desire once again. I took his cock in my mouth as well and began sucking with renewed determination.

Suddenly, from behind us, we heard a hesitant, feminine voice. "Alex? Ethan?..." Alex's dick fell from my lips and my head shot up. My girlfriend, Lacy, had come into the room and was staring in shock at the two of us nearly naked and panting on the floor.

"Fuck, hi," I gasped. "I, uh... fuck... it just looked so good, and I had to try it..." I trailed off. I was overcome with shame.

But Lacy didn't say anything right away. She didn't get angry. Instead, a playful smile teased up the corners of her mouth, and I saw the undeniable need for sex in her eyes. "No, no. That's fine, baby," she responded. I noticed a wet spot spreading across the crotch of her gray leggings. "Can I maybe... watch you?"

I smiled and felt my cock twitch with excitement. I helped guide Alex so that he was lying on his back, then got on my hands and knees between his thighs. Lacy sat next to us on the floor, her back against the couch so she could sit up and get the best view. She slid off her leggings and revealed her bare, wet pussy underneath. I wanted to really show off for her. I started sucking Alex even better than before. He relaxed at my touch, then started to squirm. I completely lost myself in his cock. The taste and the feeling were incredible, and knowing my girlfriend was watching the whole thing made it somehow even better.

I paused and looked up to see how she was doing. Eyes wide, fingers buried in her cunt, she squeaked in pleasure.

"Do you like this?" I ask sweetly. She couldn't speak, only bit her lip and nodded.

I grinned and turned back to Alex, but after only a moment, I felt Lacy's mouth around my dick. She had crawled over to my side and was expertly sucking me. I moaned with my mouth still full and worked Alex's cock even harder. Lacy flicked the tip of her tongue across my most sensitive spots then swirled it around the head. She knew just how to drive me wild.

Alex began to groan loudly, and his dick became completely stiff. "I'm close," he gasped. All I wanted was to have my mouth filled with his cum. I bobbed my head faster, and he bucked his hips in time with my movements. Finally, he exploded. I struggled to quickly swallow his huge load without losing a drop. I was so turned on by it all, I reached my own orgasm and came in Lacy's mouth, which she eagerly swallowed.

I collapsed next to Alex and the two of us looked at each other, shaking from the aftermath of such intense pleasure. I opened my mouth to speak, but realized I had nothing to say. Nothing needed to be said. I knew what we were both feeling, and I knew this would only be the start of many erotic experiences to come.