 *everyone in this story is 18*

It was the middle of the night and my friend Jacob was asleep in my room. He'd crashed at mine for the night while my parents were away and I knew my older sister wouldn't mind and he had no where else to go any way. 

I'm a young, bisexual boy, and I'm happy to admit that I find a few of my mates attractive. None the way I saw Jacob, though. He was handsome and lean without being to muscled or too slim. He made me laugh and we were really close, which is why he'd never stayed. I knew I couldn't resist him, but I couldn't risk our friendship.

Today, when he'd turned up at the door, dark wavy hair soaked through, drenched clothes slick against his body and bag at his side, i had to let him in! He'd been kicked out by his family after they found his drugs under his bed. He thought he could make it better by saying he hadn't intended to use it, but instead made him self look like a dealer.

"Nice move, smart arse!" I joked when he told me the story. He punched my arm lightly and sighed, "so you don't mind me staying a few days while I make 'em miss me and beg me to come home?" 

"Nah! If it takes any longer, though, you'll have to hide so my parents don't know your here. I think they'd turn you in..." I rubbed his back lovingly before whacking him on the back of the head, "but for now, that's your bed," I pointed to a mattress and cover that was abled to slide under my bed with him on it if he needed to hide. "This is your bathroom," I kicked open the door to the toilet and shower, "and you can eat downstairs until my parents get home and then I'll steal food and bring it up for you." 

He nodded along to this, and I could tell he was worried. "Hey," I said looking him on the eyes. He turned his head away from me, he was close to tears. "Hey!" I said again and lifted his chin to me, "it's going to be okay, I promise." We stayed there for a minute, staring into each others eyes. It was movie perfect, his green eyes sparkled with tears and for a second I thought he was going to kiss me. To my dismay, he turned his head and sobbed into my shoulder for a solid hour. I rocked him in my arms and comforted him until he fell asleep. This whole time he'd pretended he didn't care, but it was only now I realised he'd never been away from home. 

While I'd rocked him, his legs had wrapped around my waist for support, but had also caused his groin to grind against my cock, slowly teasing me into a painful hard on. I eased him down, laying him across the mattress. He was still in his soaked jeans and t-shirt, so I pulled his top over his head gently, hoping not to wake him. I threw it into the laundry basket and moved to his jeans. My hardness throbbed at the thought, but I held it together as I undid his belt and opened his trousers. As soon as they were open, I was shocked by a face full of hard cock springing out. I leapt back in shock, realising that he had gotten turned on too. Shaking off my lust, I ran into the bathroom, hoping to clear my head.

So I was on the bathroom, the boy I'd always loved in the next room, both of us with equally hard cocks. I didn't know what to do... I wanted him, I wanted him bad. But not this way. I waited for a second to calm myself mentally, even though I knew no matter what I did I wouldn't be able to calm down physically without relief. 

Eventually, I decided that I could please myself without touching him, and make sure that was special when it did happen... If it happened. 

I shut the door to my room and the bathroom before sitting on my bed. I stared at his tented shorts, feeling my cock drip with Pre cum and pulse as I watched him. I took off my jeans and t-shirt so I was left in my boxers. I squeezed my cock through them before removing them.

I lay back and wrapped a hand around my hardness, biting back a loud groan. I was leaking everywhere and I needed to see more. 

Suddenly, Jacob shifted, causing his boxers to slide down his arse. I bit back another moan and knelt to pull off his boxers. I should have been surprised that he hadn't woken, but I was to lustful to care. 

Now I could see his smooth, dripping cock I couldn't hold back. I moaned loudly and without warning my cock pulsed and I knew I was going to cum. I edged closer unconsciously, too close. 

"Dude! What the fuck?!" I'd woken him up, but there was no going back now. 

"Ivan!" He moaned, staring at my blurring hand. My back arched and I groaned loudly as my cum shot all over him. Rope after rope flew from my spasming cock and on to his. 

"Ivan, what did you just do?!"