 I first saw him again across the room. He was listed as one of the speakers at this conference that interested me, and was still the slender, tall, Italian that I remembered from college. Aside from having facial hair now - a trimmed beard - he looked much as he had over twenty-some years earlier when we were roommates. I had known then that he was gay, and as a straight guy (then), it was ok with me as we had lots of other interests. Although we lived now in very different parts of the country, I had recently thought of him and what could have been when we were in college, but I had gravitated to a straight path.

To be sure, in recent years I had begun thinking about men in general. I had wondered and fantasized about him and in general what it would be like to hold a cock and more. I still like women (very much so) but this new interest was an addition.

I listened to his conference talk (articulate for sure), and I spoke to him after the session broke. He was glad to see me, and suggested that we have dinner together and catch up, skipping the evening conference session. I readily agreed.

Dinner was delightful, as talk was always easy between Paul and myself. He had remained single and I had married and had two kids. We talked about our different paths, but mostly we talked about our common field with a fluency that reminded both of us of our earlier times and how we were so much alike. And we both had several glasses of wine.

When dinner was over, he invited me to his hotel room for a nightcap. He poured a scotch for each of us, and as we stood beside each other his hand reached for and massaged my crotch. To my surprise, I enjoyed the touch. He knew of my reluctance, but he also somehow knew that I would respond. I had actually never been with a guy, but somehow this felt ok. I had recently begun thinking about being discreetly with men, but needless to say, I had no experience.

He whispered that he had always wanted me, it would feel good that he would guide me. Obviously, I felt really anxious but felt also really at home with a trusted friend. I always felt comfortable with Paul and I felt somewhat buzzed. Then I reached for his crotch as well. He moaned and placed his hand on the side of my face; it all felt good as our breathing became more pronounced.

Paul placed his hand inside my pants and shorts. He massaged my semi-erect cock and could tell that it felt really good to me. In his experienced hand, I grew hard and thought it could go on this way forever. But Paul knelt on one knee, unzipped my fly, and took my cock entirely in his mouth. It really felt incredible when Paul used every part of his mouth and engulfed me up to my balls. Now, I thought women did oral well, but I learned that night that what I had heard was true: gay men give better head.  

He said, "Just between us." Of course. 

Paul then said, "I'll show you and teach you everything." 

We moved easily to the bed as Paul removed all my clothes with great attention. Meanwhile, I instinctively massaged my cock and then he returned to oral, all the time giving me great pleasure and attention. 

Now, my cock is average in length - not huge. It has a so-called ÒmushroomÓ head that, IÕm told, calls for attention. Paul remarked on its desirability and made me feel wanted.

Being naked, the activity and, most of all, his touch, made me shoot all over my chest in one of the strongest orgasms I'd ever had. And as I continued to spasm, he leaned over and kissed me deep. I responded and held his head in a gesture of affection. I had really wanted him all this time, and just repressed the desire.

And then Paul whispered, "It's your turn."

At those words, the conflict between my desire and all my conditioning became stronger, and a swirl of emotions kicked in as I thought of what all he meant. He said "I'll help you," and I felt more relaxed. 

He removed all his clothes, and I assisted. He wore briefs, and although his cock was outlined well, I was still surprised by its size when it was free Ð it looked huge. Later, I learned it was between seven and eight inches long and was uncut. Mine was cut (as were most IÕd seen in the gym). His was also larger in circumference, which made it look bigger. It was truly beautiful, and my desire and curiosity were both strong. In short, I really wanted it Ð to hold it in my hand, to take it in my mouth, in me.

And he is really attractive. He must have continued to work out (as I did), but he was really hard all over. I remember his somewhat hairy chest from college, but it was attractive to see hair in other places, particularly leading to his crotch. It was both attractive and arousing, and I have since learned that I like hair. 

And his cock. I'd never seen or held an uncut cock up close; I'd never seen any cock up close, other than my own. I'd seen other guys in the gym for years, but this was really different and altogether appealing.

I reached out for it, pushed the skin back to expose a beautiful head, and heard him gasp in pleasure as my hand encircled it. It felt really stimulating just to hold it, stroke it, and feel his pubic hair encircling it.

It was amazing to hold a full erect cock and I couldn't believe how hard it was. It called out for direct attention. And it stood really prominently, even though it curved somewhat toward his chest. It made me want him even more. I focused on giving him pleasure, kissing his balls, the hard shaft and then the exposed head. Then I took the plunge and took some of the shaft in my mouth. He sighed loudly and it seemed stimulating to me as well as Paul. Later he said, "I knew you would like it."

Indeed, I felt released to explore my passions. Back when we were roommates, early in the fall, he had propositioned me. And as straight guy, I had gently turned him down. But this was different now. I now get into thinking about guys sometimes, a big change. 

We got on the bed and explored each other some more. I really wanted to eat him. When the time finally came, he somehow knew that I was worried about swallowing. He grabbed my head and hair and pushed me away just before he came. After much breathing and moaning, he shot all over his belly and chest in streams and globs. I held his cock, kissed him, and he groaned with deep pleasure, saying "I've been thinking of this for some time."

Then he asked, "Tomorrow night? There's more and I'll show you everything." I readily agreed. 

End of pt.1