 For the next few days I didn't leave the house until the post had been delivered, and I was getting more and more frustrated each day that it came without my order. I had even given up going out at night and looking for a woman, instead I would spend the nights in my room with my finger up my ass wanking until I eventually came.

Finally, one week after I had placed the order, the package arrived. I quickly ran up to my room, shut the door behind me and unwrapped it. I tipped the contents on to my bed and stared at them excitedly. There was a set of anal beads, a three inch anal probe, a five inch vibrating anal probe and a bottle of lubricant that had added at the last minute. 

I picked each one up individually and examined them, they were perfect. It hadn't been the length that was bothering me, it was the width. As nice as it felt to have a finger in my ass it just wasn't tight enough anymore I needed, even wanted, something thicker.

The toys weren't the biggest I could get, I thought I ought to start gradually, but just looking at them caused my cock to harden. Knowing that the house was empty, and would be for the next few hours, I closed my curtains, stripped all my clothes off and stood admiring myself in the mirror. My body wasn't the greatest in the world but I didn't think it was the worst either. 

I didn't have a six-pack but I was toned, muscular and fairly well tanned. I let my eyes wander down my torso to my cock. It wasn't the largest cock in the world, measuring just over seven inches, but it was uncircumcised, quite thick and the veins on it stood out proudly when fully hard.

It started to soften as I just stood and stared so I took my right hand, wrapped it tightly around the shaft and slowly began to stroke it. As I watched, and stroked, it regained its full hardness and the purple head shone in the light. Keeping a firm grip on my cock I started to make my way over to the bed, when I stopped and glanced over my shoulder, back at the mirror. 

Looking at my ass I smiled to myself. It was just as toned as the rest of my body and when I clenched my cheeks together it was very firm. I continued to walk over to the bed, still stroking my cock, and lay down on my back next to my new toys.

As I lifted my head to see where the first and thinnest one, the anal beads, was I noticed that with my head lifted a bit I could see myself in the mirror. I put the beads down and put all my pillows on top of each other, checking that I could see everything, before picking the tube of lubrication up. I unscrewed the lid and squirted quite a large dollop on to the end of my fingers. 

Gingerly I reached between my legs and began to search out my tight hole, the freezing lube causing me to clench shut when it first touched me. Gradually I rubbed the liquid all over my ass, even pushing my finger in and making sure that was done as well, and then picked up the anal beads. 

Stroking my cock I lifted the beads to my face and had a good, long, look at them. There were five beads in all, fixed to a thin strip of rubber feel plastic. The smallest bead was about a quarter of an inch in diameter and half an inch long, the biggest had a diameter of about an inch and a half and was two inches long. There was no way I could see the biggest getting in to my ass but the two anal probes I had bought were both thicker, and longer, so I just had to hope that it would.

Putting a small drop of the lube on the smallest bead I made sure that I was comfortable, and could see myself clearly, then started to ease the toy into my ass. I went slowly at first, my hand stroking my cock quicker the deeper it went, and eventually I had managed to get the first four beads in to my ass. I stopped at four and started to wiggle the beads around inside my ass while continuing to wank furiously. I desperately wanted the fifth bead to fit so I let my cock go and picked up the lube again. Reaching between my legs, using the mirror as best as I could to guide me, I squirted a small drop on to bead five and rubbed it all over.

Still looking at myself in the mirror I took a firm grip of the beads and gently pushed again, but still struggled to get the last bead in. I was almost about to cum and I didn't want to until that last oval bead was neatly rammed into my ass, so I slowed my hand movements a little while I thought, and gathered myself for one last attempt. Finally I opened my legs as wide as I could and gave the beads another push, causing me to gasp out loudly, and the last bead went in. 

Looking at my reflection in the mirror I was glad no-one could see me. There I was lying totally naked, with my fully erect cock in my hand and a set of anal beads in my ass. I began to slowly fuck my ass with the beds and wank my cock even faster until I felt the first tightening in my balls. I glanced at the mirror, rammed the beads in as far as they would go and stroked my cock a couple more times and then I couldn't stop myself. As I watched the mirror I saw the streams of cum pumping hard from the end of my cock, going all over my body again. By the time there was no more cum jetting out of me I was completely exhausted.

I pulled on my cock once more before letting it drop, with a slap, against my body and the cum that had pooled were it landed. I just lay there running my fingers through my juices, and cleaning them all up with my tongue, with the anal beads still rammed inside my ass when I heard the front door slam. Without thinking I pulled the beads out of my ass faster than I wanted to, almost shouting out as I did so, and tidied up. The other two toys would have to wait until later but I was definitely going to use them that night, no matter what.