 After spending a few hours downstairs, watching TV with mum, I told her I wasn’t feeling to good and went up to bed. Quickly stripping and getting the toys out I decided to try a different position and got on my hands and knees. Looking at both the anal probes I decided to be brave and put the smallest one back down.

I held the five inch one in my hand, inserted the batteries and turned it on. It vibrated more than I thought it would but, after lubing both that and my ass, I reached behind myself and pushed it all into my ass. I winced as it first went in, it was a lot thicker than the beads and hurt like hell, but there was no way that it wasn’t going in.

Once I was as comfortable as I could be I gripped my cock and began wanking myself furiously, for the second time that day, and switched the vibrating action on. My whole body shivered as the vibrating ran through my body and I could barely hold myself up to wank. Eventually I was used to the feeling and stroked my cock faster than ever before cumming forcefully on to my bed covers. Even when I had finished I just buried my face into the pillows and left the probe vibrating, on full speed, in my ass. The feeling was so good that when I eventually collapsed, in to the pool of my own cum, I didn’t remove it. I could have bought just this toy as I didn’t see myself ever using the others again. 

After lying face down for quite a while I rolled on to my side, the vibrating still going on in my ass, and I couldn’t resist having one last wank before I went to sleep. I came quicker this time, into my hand, and after licking and swallowing it all I started to doze off.

I woke abruptly in the middle of the night, felt the faint vibrating in my ass, and started to think. Although this toy was great, and I came harder than ever when I used it, I started to feel that there was something still missing and I couldn’t quite put my finger on it. I rolled over on to my back, causing the vibrator to go deeper in my ass and stared up at the ceiling.

Without even thinking about it I reached under the covers and began to stroke my cock slowly when it hit me, I knew exactly what I wanted.  I had grown to love the taste of my own cum and to have something buried in my ass, and I hadn’t even thought about being with a woman for a while, the next logical step would be to experience the real thing. I knew right then that I wanted to be on my knees, holding and sucking someone else’s erect cock, swallowing their cum before letting them fuck me in the ass and filling me. Just the thought of it had caused my cock to fully harden yet again only this time, instead of wanking, I climbed out of bed and switched my computer on.

Once it had booted up I quickly typed in what I was looking for, turned the sound off, and waited. In a matter of seconds my screen was filled with a long list of videos and, after selecting one, I settled back on the end of my bed. The screen flicked again and the list was replaced with a film of two naked men kissing each other just like a man and woman would, and stroking each other’s cocks. This was the first time that I had ever watched gay sex but it was turning me on as much, if not more, than any other video I had ever watched.

The way the two men stroked each other’s cocks causing me to begin stroking mine again, and then the image changed. One of the men had dropped to their knees and hurriedly taken the other man’s cock into his mouth. I had seen numerous videos of women sucking cocks but the way the man on screen was doing it looked a lot more loving than the greedy sucking women on film did. I stroked while I watched and before long the man on screen took his mouth away from the cock he was sucking and began to wank it vigorously.

It didn’t take the man being wanked long and he soon shot his cum all over the face, and into the mouth, of his partner. Once his cock was drained the other man got off his knees and turned his partner around, bending him over the back of a sofa. He rubbed something, which I assumed was lube, all over his cock and held his partner’s ass open. The camera zoomed in to show the tight sphincter waiting, before zooming back out to show the man pushing his cock deep into the waiting ass.

The man fucked his partner, just like I had fucked many women, and I couldn’t wait to be in exactly the same position. I furiously wanked my cock until I couldn’t hold back any longer and as the man on screen withdrew his cock I came all over my chest. I didn’t let my eyes leave the screen as I was cumming and soon the man had shot his load all over his partner’s ass. As I watched the cum running down over the ass I felt my own cum running down my chest.

I watched a few more videos that night, cumming twice more, and decided that I never wanted to be with a woman again. The way the two men had been with each other, and the way I felt while watching it, made me decide that was exactly what I wanted. The next night I would go down to the town and not go home until I had sucked someone’s cock, had mine sucked by another man and been fucked in the ass until cum was dripping from me.