 We all went into the front room and Helen took the role of hostess, guiding us to where she wanted us to sit, and getting everybody a drink. She had put Marie and me on the sofa, while Terry and her sat in the armchairs opposite.

"Terry get the fucking music on." Marie said, taking a massive swallow from her glass.

"Calm down Marie." Helen said. "You'll be pissed before much longer.

Terry and Helen burst out laughing as Marie gave her the middle finger.

"Yes and we know what happens when Marie's pissed." Terry said still laughing.

"And we don't want that, not with a guest." Helen added for him. "Are you okay Paul you're very quiet."

"I'm fine thanks Helen." I answered. "Actually I'm better than great my first night out for ages and I've met three great people."

"Isn't he sweet?" Marie said, quickly planting a kiss on my cheek which totally surprised me.

As soon as we had we emptied our glasses Helen jumped up and filled them again. It had been a while since I had drunk as much as I had so far but, surprisingly, I wasn't feeling even the slightest bit tipsy, which was more than could be said for Marie. Her eyes had started to glaze over and her hand to eye co-ordination wasn't as good as it could have been, twice already she had almost missed the coffee table with her glass.

Terry was sitting quietly opposite me and, every now and again, I caught him snatching quick looks in my direction. The more I caught him looking the more I realized that he was actually quite good looking. He was about six feet one or two, well built, with short dark hair, clean shaven and about mid to late twenties, at a guess.

Suddenly Marie jumped up and ran out of the room.

"Won't be a minute." She called as she went.

We heard her dashing up the stairs, probably two at a time, and heard her slam the bathroom door. I guessed that she had gone to be sick, the drink finally catching up with her. It was ages until she finally came back down and when she did she had also changed her clothes. Instead of the blouse and trousers that she had on at the pub she was now wearing a Lycra skirt, which ended about four inches above her knees and a skin tight white vest top. It was obvious, due to the tightness of her top that she hadn't bothered with a bra, as her dark nipples and areola were clearly visible.

"Did someone forget that we had a guest?" Helen laughed pointing at her nipples.

"Don't start." Marie slurred. "And no I didn't."

Terry and Helen burst out laughing again and this time I found myself joining in with them.

"Maybe she is hot." I said.

"She is definitely hot." Helen said, blowing a kiss at her.

"All this drinking is fun but why don't we do something as well?" Terry said.

"Strip poker!!" Marie shouted. "Get me another drink Helen."

"What about Paul he might not want to play?" Helen said getting up and fetching everyone else a drink. "And if he does you will need more on than a top and skirt you're hopeless at the game."

"And if he does I will go and get some underwear on." Marie said poking her tongue out at her.

"Well Paul guess it's up to you do you want to play or not?" Terry asked.

"Guess it could be fun." I answered. "Why not?"

Helen pointed at Marie and she ran back upstairs to get her underwear on, like she said she would, and came crashing back into the front room two minutes later. Helen made sure all our glasses were full again and Terry went over to the wall unit and came back with an unopened set of cards, which we all took turns to shuffle.

"Right we do all know the rules don't we?" Helen asked. "And if you lose a hand no arguing one item of clothing must be removed, no matter what."

"What happens when one of us is totally naked the do we start again?" I asked.

"No way." Marie shouted. "We continue until we are all naked."

Helen dealt the first set of cards and I picked mine up slowly, relieved to see a pair of kings. Once all the cards had been dealt and everyone was as happy as they could be with what they had Helen asked me to put mine down first. Slowly I turned them over, one at a time, until my hand was visible to all; three kings. As all the other hands were laid on to the coffee table it was Helen that had lost the hand. Without batting an eyelid she pulled her top over her head, leaving herself in a red lace bra.

"Typical it's always me first." She laughed, dealing the next hand.

I was lucky again and ended up with two pairs while Marie, who only had an eight high, lost. Following Helen's lead her top came off leaving her in a black satin bra. I could hardly take my eyes off her tits, which were straining to escape, until I had my next hand. This time it was me that lost, losing my t-shirt in the process.

"Nice body." Helen commented. "What do you pair think?"

"Very nice indeed." They both said in unison.

Six hands later the four of us were sat in just our underwear, the girls in bra and panties and Terry and me in our boxers.

"Now we are very close to the end of this part of the game." Helen said.

"Hurry it up then Helen." Terry said.

"Yes come on." Marie added.

The next hand I knew that I could end up naked and the thought of it, in front of three people I hardly knew, both scared and excited me at the same time. With trepidation I picked up my next set of cards, fanning them open slowly, expecting the worse. I must have smiled once I had seen all five of them, I had a full house. The others had obviously played this a lot because, instead of taking their time, they all threw their cards straight on to the table.

Quickly I scanned their hands and, breathing a sigh of relief, added mine to the table. Marie had been the unlucky loser and turned her back towards me.

"Would you mind helping please Paul?"

I sat stunned for a few seconds before reaching for the clasp, my hands shaking badly, and unhooked her. 

"Thank you." She said turning back to face everyone.

Her tits were huge, it was no wonder the bra had been struggling to hold them in, and her nipples had started to stiffen already. I felt my cock starting to stiffen as I stared at what were, possibly, the largest tits I had ever seen in real-life.

"Come on Helen deal the next hand." She said.

Marie lost again and, after standing up, she slipped her black satin panties to the floor then sat down again. Helen lost her bra next, her tits much smaller than Marie's, but then my nightmare came true. The next set of cards left me with just a king high and, after everyone had shown their cards, resigned myself to the fact that I had to lose my boxers. 

Copying Marie I stood up but turned my back to everyone. Slipping my fingers in to the waistband of my boxers I, slowly, eased them down to the floor before turning back around. My cock was semi-hard, my balls hanging down and I turned back to face them all.

"Wow that is a nice cock."Marie said first.

"And it's uncut and neatly shaved as well." Helen added.

Terry was the only one that didn't say anything, but he didn't have to, the stiffening in his boxers told me all I needed to know. I sat back down again and we continued with the next hand, Helen losing this one and just ripping her panties off. She was completely shaved, not like Marie who had left herself with a thin landing strip. It took three more hands until Terry finally lost his and he did exactly what I did before turning to face us all.

"Well Paul what do you think about Terry's cock?" Helen asked.

I stared at it for a few seconds. It was harder than mine, about the same length and all of a sudden all I could think of was getting it between my lips and sucking him dry.

"V-V-Very nice." I stammered my cock hardening fully as I stared at it.

"Good then we carry on with the second part of the game." Helen said.

"What's the second part then?" I asked.

Helen gave us all a pad and a pen.

"Write your name on the pad, tear it off and put it in this bowl." She said and put three small bowls on the table, motioning to one "Once you have done that write as many sex acts down as you can think of and put them in the middle bowl." 

I started to write, just like the other three, until we had all added our names and a few bits of paper to the two bowls she had told us to.

"Now write your name once more and add it to the final bowl."

Doing as she said soon all four names were in the last bowl.

"What do we do now?" I asked.

"Right just for Paul I'll explain." Helen began. "The first bowl contains the name of the giver, the second is what they have to do and the last is the name of the receiver."

"Can I go first?" Marie asked getting more excited.

"I think we ought to let our guest go first Marie." Terry said. "What do you think Helen?"

"That would be fair we have played this before." Helen answered. "You can go next Marie."

Feigning a look of disappointment, badly, Marie sat back on the couch again.

"Okay I suppose that's fair." Marie said. "Go ahead Paul take on piece of paper from each bowl."

I leant forward on the sofa, my cock swing gently, and took the first piece of paper.

"What does it say?" The three of them said together.

I unfolded the piece of paper slowly and lay it on to the table.

MARIE

It said in big capital letters.

"Quickly take the next." Helen said.

I did and placed it next to Marie's name.

LICK NIPPLES

Without being prompted I reached in to the third bowl and placed the paper down.

TERRY

"Well what are you waiting for Marie?" Helen asked.

Marie slid her ass off the sofa and crawled across to Terry. Slowly she poked her tongue out and ran it over Terry's nipples, which stiffened as she did so just not as much as his cock did. Terry's cock was fully hard now and I could swear the veins on the underside were pulsing in anticipation of things to come.

"Your turn to pick Marie." I said when she had sat back on the couch.

Unlike me Marie picked all her papers before she laid them on the table.

HELEN. MASTURBATE. PAUL.

Were the three words staring up at us. I was unsure what I was supposed to do, and wondered if Helen would actually do what the papers said. Quickly she proved that she was game for anything. Slowly Helen got up from the sofa and walked to where I was sitting, dropped to her knees, wrapped her hand around my rock hard cock and began to stroke me slowly. Five minutes later she stopped and Terry took his turn choosing the papers.

TERRY. WANK. TERRY.

We all stared at the three pieces of paper, unable to believe what we were reading , but Terry just relaxed back in his armchair and began to stroke his cock slowly.

"No cumming Terry that's not allowed." Helen said laughing. "My turn to choose."

Helen picked her three and the moment I had been dreading was turned over slowly.

PAUL. SUCK. TERRY.

When I first left my house the idea was to find a decent man, go home and have the night of my life with him. What it wasn't was a drunken game of strip poker followed by dares with two women and a man that had obviously played together, a lot, before. I looked around the room and wondered whether the three of them were playing an elaborate joke, the look on their faces said they weren't though. 

I then looked just at Terry sitting in the armchair, naked, and gently stroking his cock to keep it hard. My first thoughts about him being good looking had been replaced, I actually thought he was gorgeous, and if we were alone I would have no problem making his the first cock I ever sucked. The trouble was Helen and Marie would be watching every move that I made, and that was the reason I hadn't dived on him, I just didn't know if I could suck his cock with an audience.

"It looks like we have a loser." Helen said.

"Too bad I would have loved to see him sucking on Terry's hard cock." Marie added.

"Terry would have loved it too." Helen said.

"Hang on what do you mean a loser?" I asked.

"Well the first person to bottle out of a dare is the loser, the game ends, you go home and we go out another day and find someone else to play with." Terry said his cock still in his hand.

"How many losers have you actually had?" I asked.

"It would be easier to tell you the number of winners." Marie said. "None."

As soon as Marie said that I knew that I wasn't going to be another loser. I didn't even care how many times they had actually tried to get someone else to joining them, I realized that I desperately wanted to suck Terry's cock and the fact there would be an audience was actually turning me on even more.

Before another word was said I walked over to Terry, knelt down in front of him, replaced his hand with mine and lowered my head. I could see pre-cum oozing from the end of his cock and, as I had seen in countless films, I flicked my tongue over the tip of Terry's cock and tasted someone else's cum for the first time. I was surprised to find it tasted virtually identical to mine and, once I had cleaned up all the pre-cum, I opened my mouth and began to suck on my first ever cock.

To begin with I gagged on his length a couple of times, before eventually getting a good smooth rhythm going, my head bobbing up and down slowly. I glanced up at Terry as I sucked him and saw that he had let his head fall on the back of the chair, his hand holding the back of my head lightly. I quickened my sucking before I realized that Helen and Marie had gone very quiet. 

Glancing as best as I could, with Terry's cock still in my mouth, I saw that Helen had left her chair and gone over to the sofa next to Marie.

Terry turned my head back towards him and said that he was about to cum. As soon as he said it the girls left the sofa and came and sat either side of him and, while I continued to suck his cock hard, I felt a hand wrap itself around my cock and begin stroking it quickly. Whoever had their hand wrapped around my cock and stroking it was giving me the best hand job ever and I knew that I was going cum, as well as Terry.

Suddenly Terry gripped the back of my head tightly and thrust his hips forward, almost causing me to choke on his cock, and I felt the first stream of cum leave his cock and drench the back of my throat. The wanking of my cock got faster as I continued to swallow Terry's cum, and soon I was also shooting jets of cum onto the carpet in front of me. It seemed to me that the more cum that I swallowed the more shot from the end of my cock, but eventually Terry and me both stopped cumming. I took my mouth away from Terry's cock and went to wipe my mouth but Helen quickly grabbed me head, turned me to her and kissed me hard.

"Jesus that was fucking great." I said. "Who was giving me the hand job?"

"Sorry that was me." Marie said. "I saw your cock and your head bobbing up and down and I just couldn't resist it."

"Don't be sorry you are wonderful with your hands." I told her.

"Have you all seen the time?" Helen asked. "And I'm horny and need to get Marie in bed."

I glanced at my watch, the one thing I was still wearing, and saw that it was 2am.

"Fucking hell I suppose I ought to be getting home." I said.

"Why is someone waiting for you?" Helen asked.

"No but if you all want to go bed..." I started to say.

"Well you could always stay here then." Marie told me.

"If you are sure?"

"Definitely sure." Terry said.

That settled it and the four of us walked up the stairs.

"You and Terry are in Terry's room." Helen said. "I'm with Marie see you soon."

With that the two girls entered the bedroom and closed the door and I let Terry lead me into his room, shutting the door behind me.