 After work, I knocked on the manager's office door, not expecting an answer. Much to my surprise, he did answer, telling me to come in. Sitting at his desk, he was leaning backward in his chair, his legs apart and his hand was wrapped around his hard cock, pumping it. I hesitated and stammered something but he told me to come in and close the door after me. I did as he had asked and turned around.

"Come over here," he said. "I want you to suck my cock."

I stood in place, staring at his cock. 

"Did you hear me?" he asked. "I want you to suck my cock."

I started towards him and stopped half way across the office.

"I'm sorry. I'm not gay and I don't do things like that," I stuttered.

He looked at me and smiled.

"Sure you do and if you want to keep your position and move up, you'll come over here and put those sweet lips around my cock."

Again I hesitated and even though I needed the job badly, was it worth the humiliation to keep it. Well, it was only a blow job. How much could it hurt. 

I walked over to him and grabbed his cock. Leaning down I opened my mouth and engulfed his cock. He sighed as I licked around his head and through his slit before taking as much of him in my mouth as I could.

"Oh god, that feels good," he exclaimed loudly. "Your mouth is so hot. Keep sucking, I want to come in your mouth."

He reached over and held my head down on his cock as I sucked and pumped it. I wanted this to be over. As I continued though, I found that I was starting to enjoy the feel of his hard cock sliding in and out of my mouth. My tongue swirled around his hardness as he started to thrust his hips up off his chair. I continued sucking him while his grip on my head was getting tighter and tighter. 

I stopped and pulled off him. The look on his face was alarming and he looked like he was about to explode in anger.

"Before I finish you off," I said. "I want you to promise that you will blow me after. If you don't want to, we'll stop right now and no one will ever know what went on here. But if you agree, we can meet as often as you like and I'll suck you off whenever you want."

As he hesitated, I moved away from him and around the side of the desk. It didn't take long for him to make up his mind. He quickly stood up and came up to me.

"You've got a deal but I want you naked. I want all your clothes off and I get to suck your ass too."

I agreed and started to take my clothes off. He stood back and watched me with hooded eyes, following my hands down to my crotch. He eyes lit up when he saw my hard cock spring out of my shorts.

"Oh, I'm going to enjoy that," he said, staring at my cock as I finished undressing. 

I stood in front of him completely nude except for socks. He ran his eyes up and down my body for a few moments then took my hand and led me over to the couch in the corner of the office. He pushed me down on the couch and moved into me, his cock pointing at my mouth.

"Ok, now suck," he commanded. "Suck me until I come in your mouth."

He groaned when my lips wrapped around his cock. He started thrusting his hips back and forth, fucking my mouth while my hands caressed his ass. It didn't take long for him to start coming and I felt his cock twitch before a torrent of hot cream started filling my mouth. I swallowed as fast as I could not wanting to miss a drop as he held my head against his groin, his cock spurting strand after strand of hot come into me. Finally he finished and stepped back. His legs were a little wobbly so he quickly lowered himself down onto the floor.

I gave him a moment to get comfortable then I got down, moving over him, pushing him down onto his back. I straddled him and felt his cock against mine as our bodies came together. He wrapped his arms around me and pulled my mouth down to his, his tongue searching for an opening between my lips. I opened my mouth and he thrust his tongue inside me, fencing with mine as our cocks rubbed together.

We continued on for a few more minutes then I moved up and straddled his head, my cock inches from his mouth. Without a word, I thrust my head between his lips and down his throat. I moved up so I was leaning over him now, thrusting up and down, in and out of his hot mouth. His hands were on my ass and he was caressing me, opening my crack and running a finger up and down it, stopping only to push and caress my hole. I kept fucking his mouth as he fingered my ass until I felt his finger enter me. It didn't hurt and actually felt good until he added another. Then the pain came. At first it was only slight but when he added a third finger and started pumping them in and out of my ass, the pain became enormous.

I wanted to tell him to stop but his hot mouth was giving my cock a good working over and the feeling I was getting from that overwhelmed the pain from his fingers in my ass. I started to enjoy his fingers inside me. I could feel them rub against the walls of my canal and the more he did it, the better it felt. When he pulled his fingers out of my ass, I could feel the coolness of the air surrounding my hole from the loss of friction he had created. 

Someone licked my ass. I froze. There it was again. A tongue licked up my crack and pushed against my hole. I tried to turn around to see who was behind me but two hands held my head, not allowing me to turn it at all. Now the tongue was continually licking my crack. Up and down, pushing against my open hole until I felt the tip of it inside me. No pain just a wonderful sensation. I wanted more so I pushed back against it and it did go in a little more. I pushed back harder. The tongue was then replaced by some fingers. They thrust in and out of me, slowly at first then faster and faster. Again I felt the coolness of the air surround my open hole but then something else.

Before I realized what was happening, the hard cock was inside me, pushing its way up my canal until I felt some balls resting against my cheeks. It filled my canal and as I clenched my ass muscles around it. It started to move back down out of my canal. Without removing the head, the cock thrust back up fully into me, making me lean, forward a little. 

Soon it sped up. The balls slapped against the back of my thighs when the hard cock thrust up into me. I leaned forward some more and not realizing it, at the same time, pulled my cock out of my manager's mouth. Now I leaned completely forward, my head down against the arm of the couch as my manager scrambled out from under me, the hard cock still fucking me.

"That's it, fuck him," I heard my manager say. "Fuck him harder. I want to hear those balls really slap his ass."

Who ever was fucking me, sped up some more and leaned into me. I felt a pair of breasts against my back. Wait a minute, a pair of breasts with a hard cock. What was going on here? Who was on top of me.

I pushed myself up and rolled off the couch, the hard cock slipping out of me with a slight pop. I turned around and found the head cashier staring at me through half closed eyes, the sweat dripping down onto her breasts. I looked down and saw the size of the cock that been embedded in me and I couldn't believe I could take all of it.

Before I could say anything, my manager grabbed me and pushed me down onto my back and raising my legs over his shoulders, thrust his hips forward, entering me. He started to fuck me hard, thrusting in and out faster and faster. Soon I felt his hard cock twitch ever so slightly then a torrent of hot juice splashing against the end of my canal as he came and came.

With his cock was sliding out of me, it left a trail of hot come running down between my cheeks. The head cashier moved between my legs and took his place, thrusting her hard cock back up into me again. I watched her eyes as she fucked me and I saw nothing but pure lust in them. She fucked me forever it seemed before she came, sending her own stream of hot juice up into me before slowly sliding out.

No one said anything. We rested until I felt a hand rubbing my cock again and then we started all over. This time, I felt what it was like to fuck a man and have a hard cock up my ass while I fucked another. We continued, for a long time before, completely exhausted, we called it a night. Since then, well, maybe that's another story.