 Once the door had shut and we were alone Terry led me over to his bed by the hand and sat me on the edge of it.

"I have never been sucked off like that by anybody." He said.

"Hope it was okay for you." I answered.

"It was better than okay and I'm going to repay the favour, if you will let me."

"I wish you would." I said and lay back on his bed.

After swallowing all of his cum I knew I wanted to feel his mouth around the end of my cock, and now we were alone it felt a lot more intimate. I began to stroke my cock, making it as hard as it would go, for Terry while he ran his tongue over my shaft. His warm breath against my skin felt wonderful and I urgently pulled his head onto my cock. 

As soon as the wet, warmth of his mouth touched me I shivered and gasped but refused to let his head go. He sucked and licked my cock furiously and it wasn't long until I felt the first tightening in my balls. I held his head in place in position as he sucked and I quickly, and forcefully, came in his mouth. Just like I had Terry sucked every drop from my body and when I couldn't cum anymore he crawled, slowly, up my body and began to kiss me passionately.

We were so wrapped up in each other's bodies, kissing hard and fast, that we didn't hear the bedroom door click open slightly. We finished kissing and lay on our sides facing each other, our hands holding and stroking each other's cocks, until Terry looked me straight in the eyes.

"Paul please will you fuck me?" He asked.

"I would love to I'm so glad you asked me." I answered and slowly rolled him on to his front.

Paul got on to his knees and raised his ass in the air and, for the first time ever, I was looking down at another man's ass and about to fuck it. Apart from a few hairs it looked no different to all the women's asses I had seen and I eased myself between his legs , holding on to his ass as I did so.

"Have you got any lubrication Terry?" I asked.

"In the top drawer of the dresser." He answered.

I reached over and opened the drawer, found what I was looking for and closed it again. Opening the tube I squeezed a generous dollop into the palm of my hand and proceeded to rub it all over the whole length of my cock and, with what was left I smothered Terry's tight little ass making sure my cock would slide in easily.

"Are you ready for this Terry?" I asked.

"Just fuck me Paul I need your cock in my ass." He answered. "And don't stop until you cum."

Holding his ass tightly I slowly pushed my cock against his ass, it's opening contracting as I did so, meaning I had to push harder. Eventually after a lot of pushing the head of my cock broke through, entering his ass, causing him to whimper in pain.

"Are you okay Terry?" I asked concerned at his whimper.

"Yes Paul just fuck me until we both cum." He virtually begged.

I slowly pushed my cock deeper into his ass until my balls slapped against his ass, and only then did I start to rhythmically push in and out of him. Each time I went in he gasped and after a few minutes I felt him reach between his legs and start wanking his own cock. My thrust became faster, and more forceful, and I soon felt myself building up to ejaculation.

"Terry I'm going to cum." I told him.

"Yes Paul cum and fill my ass for me." Terry begged. "I want to feel your cum shooting into me."

Two or three thrusts later I couldn't hold back any longer and, even though I had not long cum in his mouth, I began to squirt my fluids into him. I reached around and brushed his hand away, gripping his cock and began top wank him furiously. With every thrust, and every drop of cum that entered him, I pulled his cock back willing him to cum and eventually he did all over my hand and the bed sheets.

We collapsed in a heap of sweat, sex and cum when light beamed into the room.

"That was the most erotic thing either of us have ever seen." Marie said.

We both rolled onto our backs and looked towards the door. Standing there were Marie and Helen, stark naked, and glistening with sweat.

"Well how did you find your first taste of male to male anal sex Terry?" Helen asked.

"It was better than even you described it would be." Terry answered.

"You mean that was your first time with a man as well?" I asked.

"What do you mean as well?" Terry asked looking at me shocked.

I explained everything that had happened in the past and how, after being finger fucked in the ass by my ex, straight sex wasn't what I wanted and had gone out the night before with the soul intention of finding a man to suck and fuck all night with.

"So we took each other's gay virginity then?" Terry said.

"I guess we did." I answered. "And it was fucking amazing."

"So does that mean you will never go with another woman?" Marie asked looking disappointed.

"Well you can never say never." I told her. "But I will always want to taste and feel another man's cock as well."

The two girls looked at each other and smiled.

"Well if that's the case..." Helen began to say.

"You better make some room for the two of us." Marie finished for her, and the two of them walked over and climbed in bed with me and Terry.

Soon after that night I moved out of home, and in with Terry, Helen and Marie. We spent our days out at work and our nights sucking and fucking each other to orgasm after orgasm. I had been right to say never say never again. I would spend two nights a week in bed with each of them and on the seventh day, well the seventh day was the night we all slept in the same bed. That was the night that I fucked Marie, Helen and Terry and Helen and Marie would fuck each other. Terry never touched the women, he always saved himself for me, and by the time we were finished the room smelt of nothing but sex and sweat.

Officially, to the outside world at least, Terry and I were your normal everyday gay couple. However when we were all in the house together we were rarely fully dressed, and it wasn't strange to enter a room and find any two out of the four of us having either oral, anal or full sex. 

There had been countless times when the girls walked in on Terry and me sucking each other's cocks, and they would just stand there and watch until we were finished and then drag me off to bed. Terry would always follow us, watch, and wank himself as I fucked their pussies and asses before shooting his cum all over my ass while I did so. On a few occasions he would even slide his cock into my ass while I was fucking them and the three of us would all cum together.

Occasionally we would go out, the four of us, just to find a fifth person to join us but it was very rare that we found anyone. Even when we did, most of the time, the minute we mentioned strip poker they would make their excuses and leave. We only managed to get a few to last the strip poker but the dares game would break them, when their name came out of the bowls they would always hurriedly dress and go home, often leaving their underwear behind in their hurry.

Once that had happened the four of us would spend the night sucking, licking and fucking each other into the early hours of the morning, eventually collapsing in a heap of entangled bodies, sweat pouring from our foreheads and cum leaking from the girl's pussies and mine and Terry's asses.