 Awakening 

Lexi lay in bed with the morning sunlight streaming across his naked body. He was in the fetal position and he could see Max, his new Daddy, lying on his back next to him, sound asleep. Daddy's arm was over his head and Lexi could smell the pungent odor of Max's underarm. They had worked up quite a sweat last night before finally falling asleep. After about three hours of watching gay porn during which Daddy continually fondled his boy's cock and jacked him off repeatedly, Lexi had given in to his animal instincts. He had hungrily sucked on Daddy's cock until Daddy emptied all of his jism into Lexi's mouth. Then Daddy had carried him to bed and fucked him - twice - before enfolding Lexi in his arms and allowing him to sleep. 

Lexi realized he was at a crossroads in his life. He had to decide whether to continue to succumb to Daddy's domination or to try and make a break for it and return to some sort of normal life. But had his life ever really been normal when it came to sexual relations? It seemed that he had always been receptive to those who would dominate him. His wife, Cathy, had certainly been the dominant one in their relationship. It was always she who initiated their sexual activities. She was always the one who started the kissing and touching that led to the ultimate fucking. And while Lexi was supposed to be the "fucker" and Cathy the "fuckee," Lexi always felt that he was the one being fucked. Cathy didn't like being on the bottom. So almost all of the time she was on the top; and toward the end of their relationship, she was usually on the top facing away from him. It was as if all she really wanted was his cock. The rest of him didn't matter. And when his cock proved to be inadequate, she moved on. 

He had never been aggressive with her and, truth be told, he had never been aggressive with anyone sexually. In fact, it was quite the opposite. He had always been the one to respond to sexual aggression. And Max was not the first male to take advantage of Lexi's passivity. 

High school had been a sexual desert for Lexi. His parents sent him to an all-boys school, so the only time he came in contact with the opposite sex was at dances with the all-girls school. Being a skinny, little guy with pimples and a quiet demeanor, the girls basically ignored him. Lexi gravitated towards the nerdy clubs at school, joining the chess club and the math club. Sexual release came only through masturbation. At least until his senior year; that was when Matt had enrolled after moving from St. Louis. Matt joined the same clubs as Lexi. Like Lexi, he was not a very attractive young man; slightly overweight, pimply with a reddish complexion. Girls did not find him attractive, but Matt didn't really care. He didn't like girls. Matt liked boys. And he definitely liked Lexi. 

By some crazy coincidence they both had the same birthday; so it wasn't too surprising to Lexi when Matt suggested they celebrate their eighteenth birthday together. Lexi didn't really want to spend his birthday with Matt, but Matt was so insistent that it was just hard for Lexi to say no to him. So, on the Friday after they turned eighteen, they went to a movie together and then to Matt's house afterwards. Matt's parents were not at home (Matt had planned it that way), so there was no one for Lexi to appeal to for help when Matt enticed him into his room and made his advances. 

It started with horseplay. Matt tickled Lexi and Lexi tried to squirm away. That led to playful wrestling with Max ultimately pinning Lexi beneath him. That was when Lexi began to get scared. Max was lying on top of him and in between his legs. Lexi could feel Max's hard-on. The two eighteen year olds lay there on the floor panting. Max had a look of pure lust in his eyes. 

"Let me up, Matt." Lexi begged. 

But Max did not respond verbally. Instead, he began to grind his crotch into Lexi. Lexi tried to struggle free, but Matt was too strong. Matt began to breathe heavily as he dry-humped the boy beneath him. Then Lexi could feel his own cock begin to grow and harden as Max humped him. This couldn't be happening! He was not gay! But his body didn't care about terms like "gay" or "straight." His body was responding to the stimulus of Matt dry-humping him. Lexi surrendered to the sensations Matt was producing in his cock and he began to moan with pleasure and move his hips to the rhythm of Matt's humping. Sensing victory, Matt released Lexi's hands and moved his own hands under Lexi, cupping Lexi's ass-cheeks to increase the contact of their wet, throbbing cocks rubbing through their blue jeans. 

"Be my bitch! Be my bitch! Be my bitch!" Matt began to pant as his body began to shake and his sperm erupted into his blue jeans. Then Lexi lost control and felt the orgasm course through his body as his sperm spewed into his blue jeans. 

They lay there for a few moments with Matt continuing to slowly grind against Lexi. Then Matt rolled over onto the floor. 

"Will you be my slut, Alex?" Matt smiled at Lexi. 

"No! I'm not gay!" Lexi cried and ran from the house. 

Lexi avoided Matt after that incident and was relieved when graduation came and they both went off to different colleges. Lexi thought that college would be better and it was somewhat. His complexion cleared up nicely and he was having more luck with the girls, probably because he was finally at a school that had girls attending. It was where he met Cathy in his junior year. He had attended a sorority mixer and she had approached him. They wound up in her room in the sorority house where Cathy fucked him for the first time. They would marry a year later, shortly after graduation. But there had been that one troubling incident Lexi had with a man while they were still dating. 

Lexi wanted to see an x-rated lesbian film, but Cathy had absolutely no interest. So he had gone by himself to a matinee showing on a weekday. There were only maybe a dozen people scattered throughout the theater, all men, and Lexi sat in the last row away from everyone else. An older man entered the theater after the movie had already started. He stood in the aisle and looked around and then headed straight for the row where Lexi sat. The man removed his overcoat and sat down right next to Lexi. He was big; over six feet tall and heavy. 

They sat there for a moment and Lexi was self-conscious about the hard-on he was sporting from the effects of the movie. Suddenly, the man moved in his seat, throwing his arm around Lexi and placing his other hand on Lexi's knee. 

"What are you doing?" Lexi whispered and unsuccessfully tried to squirm out of the man's embrace. 

"Be quiet, boy! Let Daddy have his way with you." The man ordered him. 

Lexi froze at the man's command. Then the man moved his hand up Lexi's leg, caressing his thigh and stroking his hard-on. The man unfastened Lexi's belt and unzipped his trousers, reaching his hand inside to fondle Lexi's cock through his underpants. 

"Surrender, boy." The man whispered. "Your cock belongs to Daddy." 

The man lowered Lexi's pants to his knees and then bent over the seat and sucked Lexi's hard, throbbing little prick into his mouth. He slurped and grunted as his lips and tongue worked the boy's organ. Lexi closed his eyes and surrendered to the sensation of the man's expert sucking. 

"Oh please! Please!" Lexi moaned as the man brought him to the edge. 

The man placed his hand over Lexi's mouth to silence him while his mouth drove Lexi into orgasm. Lexi squirmed in the seat as his cock shot its load into the man's mouth. As the tremors passed, the man still continued to suck and lick Lexi's cock, cleaning up all the semen that Lexi had squirted. When he was done, he sat back and put his arm around Lexi again. 

"You need a Daddy to take care of you boy." The man smiled at Lexi as the boy pulled his pants up and put himself back together. 

"I'm not gay, sir." Lexi responded. 

The man simply laughed and then got up and left the theater. 

No, he could not possibly be gay, Lexi thought as he stared at the sleeping Max beside him. All of these men, Max included, had forced him into sex, right? If he was in control of the situation, he wouldn't get turned on by a man, would he? To test his theory, Lexi shifted his position on the bed so that his head was now even with Max's cock and his legs were on the pillow above Max's head. Lexi looked critically at Max's cock; the cock that he had sucked and that had fucked him senseless for the last two days. It lay there, flaccid on Max's thigh. Even in its sleeping state, Daddy's cock was bigger than Lexi's organ when it was aroused. It was a cut cock with a large mushroom head. Lexi remembered how he had sucked on that head and his own cock twitched slightly and began to grow. Lexi inched closer to Daddy and he could smell the odor of sex emanating from Daddy's crotch. It was the odor that resulted from Daddy's sweat and semen mixed with the juices from Lexi's mouth and male pussy. Lexi inhaled that odor and his own cock grew harder. Maybe he was gay! This was not a pussy in front of him. This was a cock! And he was aroused by its scent and by the sight of it. No, please, this can't be true, Lexi thought. But the sight and odor of Daddy's cock seemed to invite him. 

Lexi reached out his tongue and licked the head and shaft of Daddy's cock. Daddy's cock twitched to life and grew a little. It did taste so good and the smell of Daddy was so arousing. Lexi's little cock was now hard and throbbing as Lexi reached his tongue out again and licked the shaft of Daddy's cock. Pre-cum began to ooze onto the head of Daddy's growing member. Lexi licked the fluid off. It tasted so good. Then Lexi grasped the hardening cock in his hand and squeezed a little. More pre-cum oozed from the slit and the Daddy's cock grew hard and began to throb as if it had a life of its own. Lexi drew the mushroom head into his mouth and began to suck the pre-cum into it. His own cock began to ooze pre-cum at the taste of Daddy's intoxicating fluid. Lexi sucked more of Daddy's cock into his mouth. He caressed it with his tongue and became lost in its taste. He loved the feel of it as it throbbed inside of his mouth. 

Then Daddy shifted onto his side forcing his cock down Lexi's throat. Lexi gagged a bit, but relaxed his throat and hungrily sucked on Daddy's fully hardened love-stick. Lexi shuddered as Daddy wrapped his hand around Lexi's wet little cock. Lexi sucked harder on Daddy's cock as Daddy drew Lexi's foreskin back, unsheathing the sensitive head of Lexi's hot clit. Lexi squirmed with pleasure as Daddy ran his thumb and forefinger over the glans of Lexi's clit. Then Daddy sucked Lexi's clit into his mouth with one swift motion, sending Lexi into a frenzy of lust and wanting. Lexi was now sucking greedily on Daddy's throbbing organ as Daddy's mouth and tongue worked on Lexi's quaking cock. They were connected as if one body. Lexi felt as if Daddy's body had swallowed his in a cocoon of pleasure. Lexi was now mad with desire; the feel of Daddy's mouth on his cock, the smell of sex emanating from Daddy's loins, the live, throbbing organ in Lexi's mouth. Lexi surrendered. He surrendered to sensation, to lust. All thought was gone from his head. There was only the sensation of the moment, the wanting, the longing for release. 

Release came as Daddy's cock erupted, shooting loads of semen into Lexi's mouth. Little piggy sounds came from Lexi's throat as he swallowed and licked and desperately tried to capture every drop of Daddy's juice. Lexi was out of control. He began to shudder and shake as his own cock tensed and then began spitting its love-juice into Daddy's mouth. He had never cum like this before! Lexi was ravenous and mad with lust. Daddy inserted his fuck-finger into Lexi's pussy sending the boy into a frenzy. As Daddy worked his clit and pussy, Lexi sucked frantically at Daddy's cock, coaxing a second load of sperm out of Daddy's cock. 

They lay there, sated, entwined in each other's bodies. Daddy removed his finger from Lexi's pussy and let Lexi's shrinking member slide from his mouth. Daddy caressed and kneaded Lexi's ass cheeks as Lexi greedily licked Daddy's cock clean and bathed his balls with his tongue. 

"C'mon, baby, we have a lot to do today." Daddy said rising from the bed. He helped the weak-kneed boy up from the bed and wrapped his meaty hand around the boy's now flaccid cock and led him to the bathroom. 

They showered with Daddy bathing Lexi. His hands were on the boy continuously and when the shower was done, Daddy led him by the cock to the panty drawer in the bedroom. Daddy chose a pair of pink satin panties with lace fringe for Lexi to wear and donned a black, terry-cloth robe for himself. Daddy led Lexi by the hand to the kitchen where he had the boy make coffee and serve cereal for breakfast. Daddy sat next to Lexi, almost on top of Lexi, at the breakfast table. He kept up constant physical contact with the boy, absent-mindedly caressing his shoulders or thigh or nipples. By the time they finished breakfast, Lexi had a wet spot on the front of his panties from leaking pre-cum. Daddy was pleased. This was moving faster than he had hoped. He was breaking the boy down nicely. By the end of this day, he wanted Lexi to be a ravenous slut, existing on a totally physical level. And he wanted the boy to believe that he must obey his Daddy; that his Daddy was the only one who could care for him, protect him, use him. 

"That was a nice way to wake your Daddy up this morning, boy." Max said while rubbing his thumb over Lexi's nipple, making it hard and erect. 

"I . . . I couldn't help myself, Daddy. Your cock looked and smelled so inviting; I just lost control. I . . . I had to have it." 

"You realize that you are acknowledging your true nature, baby." Max asked. 

"My true nature, Daddy?" 

"Yes, baby. You are a faggot, plain and simple." Max said. 

"Yes, Daddy." Lexi responded quietly. 

"Say it, honey." Max ordered. 

"I am a faggot, Daddy." 

"What else are you, baby?" Max asked. 

"I am a cocksucker." 

"And?" 

"I am a slut." 

"And?" 

"I am a bitch. Daddy's bitch." 

"Yes, you little sissy, you are a bitch. Tonight Daddy is going to turn you into a whore; his whore. Who do you belong to cunt?" Daddy demanded. 

"I belong to Daddy." Lexi whimpered meekly. 

"Yes, you do. And you will obey Daddy and do whatever he demands of you, won't you?" 

"Yes, Daddy. Lexi will obey." 

"I want you to look into Daddy's eyes and repeat after me." Max said taking Lexi's hands in his. As Lexi raised his head and looked into his eyes, Max stated: 

"I surrender myself completely to Daddy." 

"I surrender myself completely to Daddy." 

"Daddy's will is my will." 

"Daddy's will is my will." 

"My body belongs to Daddy." 

'My body belongs to Daddy." 

"My mind belongs to Daddy." 

"My mind belongs to Daddy." 

"I am not a man. I am Daddy's boy." 

"I am not a man. I am Daddy's boy." 

"I am a sissy." 

"I am a sissy." 

"I am a twink." 

"I am a twink." 

"I am a faggot." 

"I am a faggot." 

"Good boy." Max exclaimed, patting Lexi on the head. "Now let's get dressed and go shopping so my little sissy looks sexy tonight." 

Shopping for Clothes 

Max drove them into a really seedy area of Chicago. The neighborhood was full of x-rated book stores, bars, and massage parlors. They parked on the street and Max wrapped his arm around Lexi's waist and led him into a storefront that only had a number on the door. Inside were racks of clothes, cases of sex toys, and an area featuring everything you could ever want if you were into BDSM. 

"Max! So good to see you!" Said a very effeminate man sashaying toward them. "And what do we have here?" He asked looking directly at Lexi. 

"This is my new boy, Lexi." Max answered proudly. 

"He's very pretty." The man said appreciatively. "He's a real sissy, just like your other boy was. What can I do for you today, Max?" 

"We're going to the club tonight, Dani. I want my sissy to look sexy so every man in the place will lust after him. And I want it to be clear that he belongs to me." 

"Excellent! Excellent!" Dani gushed. I actually still have some of the personal items that you ordered, but never picked up in the past." 

"For Paula?" Max asked wistfully. 

"Yes, for Paula. But let's get this little twink decked out for the evening! Come into the private fitting room." Dani turned and walked towards a curtained-off area of the store as Max and Lexi followed. The fitting room was fairly large and featured a love-seat for Max to sit on and observe the proceedings. 

"Well, let's see what we have to work with, dear?" Dani directed to Lexi who looked somewhat befuddled. 

"He wants you to strip, baby." Max chuckled. 

Lexi hesitated a moment, then began to disrobe, finally standing naked in front of Dani and Max. He felt so self-conscious exposing himself to this gay man. 

"Oh yes, you are a beautiful little sissy." Dani gushed appreciatively. "No hair on that boyish figure of yours and such beautiful skin." Dani said as he ran his hand over Lexi's ass. Lexi flinched and backed away. Dani looked at Max like a hurt puppy. 

"Lexi, you must let Dani touch you wherever he feels the need to. Daddy insists!" Max chuckled. 

"Yes, Daddy." Lexi said, eyes downcast. 

"Now, do you want a boyish look for tonight or a totally feminine transformation?" Dani asked Max. 

"Let's do boyish for now. We may do feminine later." Max responded. 

Thirty minutes later, Lexi stood in front of the mirror transformed. He wore a pair of blue skinny jeans over his pink satin panties. They looked like they were painted on to his body. He was wearing sheer, thigh-high silk stockings under the jeans and had a pair of three inch platform heels on his feet. He was still dwarfed by his Daddy's height, but the heels raised his backside like a girl and accentuated his tight little ass-cheeks. Lexi also wore a hot-pink t-shirt, cutoff below his pecs to expose his smooth midriff. The words "Daddy's Slut" were emblazoned across the front of the t-shirt in sequined letters. 

"Yes! Yes! He's a pretty boy!" Dani exclaimed appreciatively while running his hands over Lexi's ass and torso and crotch. Lexi blushed and felt humiliated by the gay man ogling him. "Let's add accessories." Dani said excitedly and he took Lexi's hand and led him to the BDSM section of the store. Max followed watching Lexi's tight little ass wiggle as he attempted to walk in the platform heels. 

Dani pulled out a set of ankle and wrist cuffs. They were dark blue like Lexi's skinny jeans and they were lined with pink fur. The cuffs could be used to fasten Lexi's wrists or ankles together or to secure him to an external device. While Dani fastened the cuffs to Lexi's wrists and ankles, Max walked over to the wall and retrieved a collar from a wall-hook. Lexi's eyes grew wide as he looked at the words imprinted on the collar - "I AM PROPERTY OF MAX." 

Max walked over to Lexi. As Max fastened the collar around the boy's neck, Lexi shuddered as goose-bumps broke out all over his body. He went weak at the knees as the collar clicked into place. He nearly collapsed as he realized the enormity of what was happening to him. This was real! Daddy was taking possession of him! There would be no turning back! Max caught him before he hit the floor and propped him up. 

"Now you understand, little sissy." Max hissed. "You belong to Daddy. You are my property; to do with as I please." And Max attached a gold-plated leash to Lexi's collar. 

Next, Dani pierced both of Lexi's ears and inserted gold studs with the name "Max" on each. Then came a chain-link gold belt for Lexi's waist. Links on the front were letters spelling "I BELONG TO MAX" ; and on the back, "MAX'S SLUT." 
