 My husband Winston and I were married when I was twenty two and he was thirty. I told him of my submissive fantasies and he role-played with me some at the beginning of our marriage but for the most part he showed little interest in D&S or Domination. We had a good marriage but we often fought as we both tried to dominate the other when it came to who would make the decisions in our marriage. The funny thing is that we attended pre-martial counseling to avoid such conflicts and my husband told our counselor that he wanted me to be the head of our marriage. However, once we were married, he found out that he did not enjoy being submissive to me so he tried to get things his way all of the time. This caused some pretty good fights between us. I was interested in voluntary sex slavery but I also wanted to call the shots in our marriage. I guess I felt that I knew what was best and so did he. 

Other than our occasional power struggles, we enjoyed a close friendship and a good marriage for the first seven years. Then about four years ago at the age of thirty-five, my husband discovered that I had been visiting sex slave sites on the Internet. My husband knows more about computers than I do and I did not realize that our browser kept a history of all the sites we visited. He knew this so he monitored what sites I was visiting.

I had told my husband about my domination fantasies when we first got married so he was not too surprised by his discovery of my web surfing habits. Unbeknownst to me, Winston began to read the sites I visited and found a few that he enjoyed as well. He started from the sites that I visited and he found others through links that lead to other sites. He became interested in the slave sites that talked about how men can use their husband's fantasies to their advantage. His favorite sites were about male chastity.

Winston kicked around the idea of domination over the next year as he debated within himself if this was a lifestyle he wanted to pursue with me. He continued to monitor my web activity and he continued to do his own research. Eventually he told me about him discovering my web surfing habits and he began to ask me questions. Three years ago, Winston came to me and asked me if I still wanted to be dominated by him in the bedroom. I told him that I did as I had fantasized about it since I was a teenager. Winston calmly explained to me that he would be willing to dominate me but it had to be real to him and not a game in order for him to enjoy it. He was honest and told me that he also needed to get something out of this lifestyle. He said that he would have to take it out of the bedroom in order for it to be fulfilling to him. He explained to me that his fantasy was to become the head of our marriage and to force me into total submission to him in all areas of our life. I was excited and hesitant about his proposal but I figured I could always manipulate him and top him from below if need be, therefore I agreed. I totally underestimated his resolve and commitment. 

It started out being everything I had hoped for. We communicated about everything and Winston asked me what kind of D&S type activities I desired and he did them to me. He bought books like "S&M 101" and "Different Loving" so he could be knowledgeable about D&S activities. It started out with him wearing sexy leather outfits and him spanking me and tying me up. We had frequent sex during these sessions and I was really enjoying it. Also, he was making very few demands on me outside of the bedroom so I figured I was having my cake and eating it too. That soon began to change.

Winston bought me a CB2000 and told me that he wanted me to get use to wearing a chastity device. The thought of him controlling my sexual release was exciting to him and although I was not crazy about the idea, I knew I had to try things that interested him if I wanted him to continue to dominate me in the bedroom, so I agreed to wear it. It was bulky and uncomfortable at first but I eventually got use to wearing it. He did not make me wear it for long periods of time in the beginning so I was kind of enjoying the chastity scene. However, once I started to get use to the CB2000, Winston began to make me wear it for weeks at a time. He worked me into this but once he had me where he wanted me, he began to exercise some real dominance over me. It was exciting but also scary. I had never seen this side to Winston. He became almost consumed with his power and a desire to dominate me. 

The longer I was denied, the more aroused and obedient I was to him. I began to desire to worship his body all the time. Winston began to have me orally pleasure him for long sessions. I was always locked up in the CB2000 and I would have to tongue his ass and suck his cock for hours. Winston was always a sensual man but he became even more sexual with his new dominance over me. By the way, Winston is blonde with long hair, bright blue eyes, about 6 feet tall, and has a muscular but lean body. He has the most gorgeous ass, and I love being below it.

I was becoming so frustrated and I was begging him for sexual release. I used to masturbate but now I was no longer able to masturbate and Winston was only allowing me to climax about once every two weeks. I found this to be very frustrating. I was beginning to dream about Winston and his body. I was having problems concentrating at work, as he was on my mind almost all of the time. I was becoming more submissive toward him as well. He was beginning to make all the decisions in our marriage and I found myself agreeing with him and not arguing. All I wanted to do was suck his cock and be smothered by his ass. Winston did lots of face sitting sessions with me and I could not get enough of orally pleasuring him and he could not get enough pleasure. I would grow so hard and fill the CB2000 cage and my balls would ache from being aroused and denied. I would go to bed and fantasize about Winston and the only relief I was getting were occasional wet dreams. When I would confess this to him, he would punish me by administering a whipping. Winston did not particularly enjoy whipping me, as he was not that interested in the physical areas of D&S. Winston enjoys the psychological power exchange and that is why forced male chastity excited him. Nevertheless, he would punish me physically when I disobeyed him and wet dreams were a violation of his rules. So he would tie me to his bed and whip me quite hard with a riding crop he had purchased. 

Winston was assigning me chores to do around the house and he was severely limiting my television and Internet time. If I used the electronics for more than my designated time, I was punished. Winston began to shave my body and make me hairless. My genitals were already hairless, as this was a must to wearing the CB2000. But now Winston was also shaving my underarms, my chest, my legs and my entire body. He wanted me smooth and hairless for him. He started having me do chores around the house. Once again, I was becoming more submissive toward him. I desired him more and we would have marathon sessions where he would sit on my face and I would tongue his ass and suck him to multiple orgasms. We also experimented with me using toys on him like dildos. Sex was becoming totally about his orgasms and satisfaction and less about mine. My only orgasms were supervised masturbation sessions that he monitored. He kept extending the times between orgasms and pretty soon, I was only getting sexual relief about once every four to six weeks.

About two years ago, Winston took our relationship to the edge. He wanted ultimate control over me. He loved being the boss and he knew he never wanted to go back. Winston found a web site that sold chastity devices. On this site, it talked about making your husband into a true slave. This really excited Winston, as this is how our relationship had practically become. I was permitted to make love to my gorgeous husband using only my tongue and his toys. He was cutting my orgasms back to longer periods of denial. He started denying me for months at a time.

Winston came to me one day and said that we needed to have an important discussion. Winston knew that he had gained incredible control over me but he also knew that this lifestyle had to be one of mutual respect and consent. Winston told me that he was going to give me a choice. He liked our current arrangement but he wanted total power and control over me. Although I had become a pretty good submissive husband, he still felt that I challenged his authority at times and he did not like how I always questioned him about his comings and goings. Winston told me that in his judgment, what was holding him back from exerting total power over me was the fact that I still viewed myself as his husband and this caused me to try to have an equal footing with him. Winston said that while most couples can balance between the two, he could not. 

He was honest with me and told me that he loved dominating and controlling a man the way he was dominating and controlling me. Winston told me that he wanted to transform me from being his submissive husband into his 24/7 slave. He showed me pictures he had printed off of the chastity site of permanent chastity devices. Winston then told me that he wanted to place such a device on me. The choice was mine; I could be his husband or his slave, but not both. If I chose to be his husband, then all D&S activities would stop and we would both try to put our slavery desires aside. However, if I chose to be his slave, then he would take me as deep into submission as a man can go. I would cease being his husband and would exist to tend to his needs and desires with no right to ever question him. He gave me a week to decide but he added that if I would decide to be his slave, this decision would be the last decision he would ever allow me to make.

I could not get over how dominant he had become. He was so hot and desirable like this. I felt weak in the knees and I knew that I wanted to be his slave. If he had given me this choice a year prior, I may have chosen to remain his husband but after experiencing his dominant and controlling nature, I knew that I would not be satisfied with being anything other than his 24/7 slave. I did have one concern. I asked him, if I decided to be his slave, would I still get to be intimate with him by orally servicing his ass and cock? Winston told me that he enjoyed me being his lover and that he had no plans to end that part of our relationship. However, he told me that once I was his slave, that he had the right to change things. As long as I pleased him, he would more than likely allow me access to worship some areas of his body but it would be a reward and a privilege and not a right. He also told me that he would have the right to date other men if I were his slave. He promised me that he had no one in mind at this time but he wanted me to know that once I was his slave, it would be none of my business what he did or who he saw. 

I hesitated but his matter of fact and confident way of telling me all of this excited me. I took the entire week and thought about it long and hard. At the end of the week, I went to Winston and told him that I loved him and that I decided that our relationship was best with him in charge. Therefore, I chose to be his slave. Winston smiled his approval of my decision and he made me kneel before him. He went and got a dog collar and placed it around my neck and he ordered me to humble myself by kissing his feet. 

Winston ordered me one of the chastity devices off of the internet site and he took me to see a guy he had met who did body piercing. I did not know what he had in mind but once we got to this man's place and I found out, I hesitated and slightly protested. Winston stood up to me and dominated me with his voice right in front of this other man. I backed down. I had lost all of my backbone to him. I am kind of ashamed to admit this, but I was so submissive to my husband that I allowed this man to pierce my penis with a frenum piercing and then they installed a permanent chastity device on me. It was not permanent right away, but it would soon become that. 

My body accepted the piercing and chastity device and Winston monitored how I did in it over the next six months. I was able to do all functions like urinate and shower. However, this device was so restrictive, that I could no longer get a full erection. Winston would not let me out of it (it had a lock on it and he had the key) but he gave me a monthly orgasm via a prostate milking. The milking gave me release but not pleasure. It was very frustrating but this only further excited Winston. The good news for me was that the more he was excited the more I got to orally pleasure him. Winston bought an attachment to the chastity device which is a latex sheath that goes over the chastity device so the bot Winston can have intercourse but the top feels no pleasure. This was incredible frustrating. Winston would mount my cock and ride me but I could feel no sensations. I loved watching him bounce up and down and feeling his body on top of mine, but it was really weird not feeling his wonderful ass around my cock even though I was inside of him. 

Once Winston determined that I could function in my permanent chastity device, he had some more surprises in store for me. Winston was basking in his power and control over me but he wanted that control to be total and complete. Winston had legal documents made up where all of our assets were transferred to him. Furthermore, he required that my paycheck be direct deposited into his account. Winston had found a lawyer and he took me to see him. Winston ordered me to sign the papers that gave him power of attorney over all of my affairs, legal control over all of our assets and other such things. One document stated that I agreed to our form of an alternative lifestyle and that I would never hold it against my husband legally. One of the sections in that document was my confession that it was my idea and my choice to wear a chastity device and that I wanted my husband to deny me sexual release. Another section said that I consented to my husband dating another man if he would ever so choose because it was all a part of our alternative lifestyle and thus I agreed to never hold it against him legally. The only part of the document that seemed to go in my favor was his promise to never leave me. The agreement was life-long; I would be his slave forever.

I was terrified by all of this but I became aroused and submissive when he presented it for me to sign. The man who gave me the piercing showed up and was the legal witness. I was there in the presence of three men, my husband, his friend and the lawyer. I will never forget how submissive and humiliated I felt as Winston handed me the pen to sign these documents. I was also excited and although I could not get erect due to the chastity device, I was full of submission and sexual excitement. I willfully signed the documents and Winston and the witness added their signatures. It was official. I was now under my husband's total control and dominance. Winston had achieved his goal but that was not the end of it for me on this day.

After we left the lawyers office, we went back to his friend's place where I had gotten pierced and fitted with my chastity device. Winston and his friend removed the device for the first time in over six months but they quickly reinstalled it, but this time with the breakable screws. Winston then informed me that since I was no longer his husband but his slave, my chastity would be permanent. "You will never get hard again," he said seductively while staring into my eyes. Once the device was firmly back in place, he broke off the ends of the screws and his friend filed the ends. Now the only way out would be to get the chastity device cut off medically. I have been in this device ever since and I am milked once a month for release but I am no longer able to get fully erect. 

Since that day, Winston has really stepped up his dominance over me. I do all the household work now and I am only permitted to orally service him as a reward for excellent servitude. Winston makes me work hard for the right to tongue his ass and suck him off. I am in total submission to Winston. He is now my master and only my husband in a legal sense. I am whipped at least once a week for discipline and I do all the housework for him. He owns everything 100% and I am truly his slave. I sexually desire him all the time and I have become just a slave when he permits me intimacy. It has been a real challenge adjusting to this, but overall I must confess that I am happy. I love him and I feel very attached to him. He dominates me so much, but he still tells me how much he loves me and how grateful he is for me consenting to our new lifestyle all the time. We have connected in ways I never would have dreamed was possible. I'm not even allowed to sleep on his bed anymore. He had chains installed on the floor next to his bed so I am chained up tightly every time he sleeps. I would be very content for things to have stopped there. However, he wanted to go even deeper...