 I was awakened at a little after midnight by a constant pounding on my door, combined with someone yelling out my name. I got up out of bed, grabbing my glasses and putting on my robe and walked down the hallway to the front door.

"I'm coming, you can stop knocking." I yelled as anger began to fill me at who ever it was waking my ass up at this hour. 

I opened the door; I was shocked to see 19 year old Ben there, barely able to stand, drenched from head to foot, shivering uncontrollably.

"Dude, what the hell happened?" I asked grabbing his arm and pulling him inside. His hooded sweatshirt was dripping ice cold water.

"I fell in the river," he mumbled through quivering blue lips. "I fell in."

"Jesus Ben," I half yelled. "We have to get you dried off and warmed up. Come down to the bedroom, it's the warmest room."

I half carried Ben down the hall and into the toasty warmth of my bedroom, my robe becoming soaked in the icy water from his clothes.

"You have to get out of those wet clothes dude." I told him as I grabbed the bottom of his sweatshirt and the two t-shirts he had underneath and pulled them up over his head.

"I gotta sit down," he mumbled as he tried to sit on my bed.

"Hold on first," I said as I grabbed the waistband of his sweat pants and pulled them down to his knees. I then grabbed his boxers and pulled them down too. "Okay, sit down Ben." 

I helped him sit on the bed and knelt down and pulled off his sneakers and socks and then pulled his icy wet sweats and boxers off. "Oh your poor little buddy has shrunk down to almost nothing." I laughed looking up at Ben. I slid my arm under his and lifted him up and stood him against the wall with the heater, his skin was icy cold. I leaned him against the shelf and went to my dresser and grabbed a couple of big towels. I placed one over his head and rubbed his shoulders. I took the second towel and starting on his upper back wiped his skin dry. I wiped down his back and over his tight smooth ass and down his legs. I brought the towel around to his front and wiped his body, up his legs, across his crotch and over his belly and chest. I dropped that towel and put my hands on the towel covering his head and rubbed his head to dry his hair.

"Don't worry; I'll get you warmed up Ben."

"Thanks man," he sighed as he leaned against the shelf. "The water was so damn cold."

I began by rubbing my hands all over his back, trying to heat up his skin. I rubbed up and down his back and then down over his butt, rubbing his butt firmly. His ass felt smooth and tight. I rubbed the back of his legs, noticing that they were almost hairless, except for a few faint soft hairs below his knees. 

"Turn around Ben." I said as I placed my hands on his shoulders and helped him to turn so that his back was now getting the direct heat from the heater.

I rubbed my hands over his smooth hairless chest. I leaned in and cupped my mouth over his hard cold nipple and breathed my warm breath on it. I did the same to his other nipple as I kept rubbing my hands on his chest and stomach. I rubbed his sides and down his hips all the way down his legs.

"Ben, spread these a little." I said as I placed my hands between his knees and pushed them apart. I rubbed the insides of his thighs and up to his crotch. His poor little buddy was still shrunk in, hidden within the small bush pf pubes that he had, and his sac was drawn up tight to his body, so tight it looked like he didn't even have any balls.

"Oh your poor buddy and his pals are all shriveled up from the cold," I said as I stood up. "Let's get them warmed up."

I cupped my hands over his genitals and gently rubbed. I felt his balls start to fall back down as they warmed up. His penis twitched a few times and I rolled it in my hands to get it warm, as I did his penis grew back out to what I presumed was its normal state. 

"Oh that feels good," Ben sighed. "Warm it up some more."

"Oh you're funny," I laughed and as I was rubbing my hands up and down his chest and stomach and all over his back and butt.

"It's so cold," Ben replied almost begging. "Please."

I cupped my hands back down on his genitals and gently rubbed his sac and then rolled his penis between my hands. I held one hand over his balls and held his penis in my other hand. I slowly stroked his penis.

"Is it getting warmer?" I asked laughing.

"Yeah." He smiled under the towel over his head.

"Well I see the blood is back to flowing okay," I laughed as I looked down and also felt his penis get hard in my hand.

"Oh god this is so embarrassing," Ben blushed. "I'm sorry it got hard, it's just that it's been so long since anyone besides me has touched it."

"Don't be embarrassed," I laughed. "It's too bad you haven't got anyone to touch it for you. If I must say," I said looking down at his six and a half inch hard penis in my hand. "It's a nice one, it deserves to be touched."

He smiled at me as I kept rubbing his smooth slender body to warm him up and keep his blood flowing, as he rubbed his short hair dry. I held his penis tightly and stroked it slowly.

"So are you getting warm?" I asked.

"Yeah, but please don't stop," He dropped the towel he used to dry his hair. "Please?"

"Are you sure?" I asked smiling at him.

"Yeah," he nodded. "I'm sure."

"Okay." I smiled back and rubbed his back and smooth butt as I slowly stoked his hard penis. "You know something Ben?"

"What?" he smiled.

"You know when you were with Caitlyn; I often would think about getting the two of you up here and teaching you two a few things."

"Oh really," Ben smiled. "What did you want to teach us?"

"How to be good little sex toys." I laughed.

"You can teach me if you want too." He smiled.

"So how long has it been since someone touched your little friend here?" I asked squeezing his hard cock in my hand.

"It's been like three months."

"Oh you poor thing," I said as I stroked him. "And how long has it been since someone warmed the poor guy up in other ways?"

"A long time," he laughed. "Caitlyn never liked doing that."

"Well I could have taught her to like it." I laughed.

I knelt down and kissed his belly button and licked my tongue down to his short thin pubes. I caressed his hairless balls in one hand and rubbed his smooth tight ass with the other one. I looked up at him and smiled as I opened my mouth and locked my lips around just the head of his hard cock. I sucked hard and then soft, and then hard. I flicked my tongue over the tip of his cock and tasted his pre cum that was now oozing out. I pulled away from his cock and looked up at him.

"You want to lie down on the bed or stay standing?"

"Whichever you prefer," He sighed. "Damn that feels so fucking good."

"I prefer you stay standing," I replied as I rubbed his ass with one hand and his chest and stomach with the other hand. I ran my hand down and cupped his balls and pulled down on them a little. "That way I can caress your sexy hairless body and grab your smooth tight ass."

"Yeah, I don't have much body hair do I?" he laughed.

"That's fine by me," I smiled. "I prefer the smooth bodies."

I sucked his hard cock back into my mouth. This time I took the full six and a half inches of his hard cock into my mouth. I felt the tip of his cock lightly pressing on the back of my throat. I sucked hard as I twirled my tongue along the underside of his hard cock. I dug my fingers into his smooth ass and squeezed as my other hand caressed his smooth chest and stomach. I bit down gently with my teeth at the base of his cock and pulled back along the shaft, my teeth gently scrapping his hard cock.

"Oh my fucking god," Ben screamed. "That feels so fucking amazing."

When I got to the head of his cock, I let my teeth bite down a little more and scrap down until I gently bit the very tip of his cock. A little more pre cum oozed out.

I took his full hard cock back into my mouth as I grabbed his ass with both hands and begin to bob my head up and down on his cock as I pulled him closer to me by squeezing his ass cheeks. I kept this up for a minute until I felt he was close to orgasm. I abruptly stopped sucking and pulled off of his cock. I watched as his hard cock throbbed as it bounced up and down.

"Come, on man," Ben begged looking down at me. "Don't stop man."

"Well what do I get out of this?"

"What do you want?" Ben asked knowingly. I stood up and untied my robe.

"Huh, I wonder what I could want." I laughed. "So have you ever done anything with a man?" I laughed again.

"No, but I can try I suppose." He smiled and slid his hand under my robe and felt my hard cock. He slowly wrapped his fingers around my cock and stroked me. I reached down and caressed his ass with one hand and rubbed his chest with the other. I pinched his nipple with my thumb and forefinger. He moaned softly.

"Shall we lie down?" I asked as I stepped back towards the bed.

"Do you want me to suck you too?"

"That's up to you Ben," I smiled. ""I'll still suck you even if you don't, so whatever you're comfortable with."

"Cool." Ben said as I gently laid him down on my bed and dropped my robe. I climbed in beside him and caressed his smooth tender body before placing my mouth back over his hard cock and sucking him into my mouth. I felt his hands rubbing my hairy belly and one hand began to stroke my hard cock. Then I felt his lips around the head of my cock and his tongue rolling over it.

"You have so much hair down here,' Ben said as he stroked my cock. "I'd suck you all the way if you didn't have so much hair."

"Maybe someday you can give me a haircut?" I laughed and went back to sucking his hard cock. "I'd love to," He replied as he stroked my cock and pulled on my hairy balls.

"Are you close to orgasm?" I asked, knowing he was.

"Yeah, yeah I am." He moaned as I sucked harder on his cock and ran a finger up and down his ass crack.

"I'll suck you off, but keep jacking me off until I cum okay."

"Yeah, yeah, that's the least I can do," Ben sighed. "That feels so fucking awesome."

I sucked his hard cock deep into my mouth; I bit down again on the base and pulled back a little so that I could flick my tongue over the tip of his cock. I reached up and pulled on his balls as I sucked his cock really hard. I felt his balls tighten and his hips began to thrusts, as I sucked him deep into my mouth. His hand was stroking me faster and harder, and he pulled down on my balls just as I felt him shot his tasty warm load of cum into my mouth. I sucked harder and licked the underside of his cock as he pumped his cum into my mouth. He squeezed my hard cock, and jerked me roughly as I shot my load on his chest. I pulled my mouth off of his throbbing cock and saw him lick the cum from the tip of my cock.

"Taste good?" I asked.

"Yeah," he smiled. "How does mine taste?"

"Most delicious Ben," I said licking my lips and then licking the head of his still hard cock. "Your cum tasted most delicious indeed Ben." "Thanks, I guess."

"So are you all warmed up now?" I asked Ben as I leaned up on one elbow, watching his cock began to soften.

"Yeah, I am, I think I worked up a sweat." He laughed.

"Well let's go take a nice hot shower then."

"Sure," Ben said sliding off the bed. "Can I ask you something?"

"Anything you want."

"Can we do this again?"

"Only if you give me that haircut you said you would." I smiled at him as we stepped into the shower.

"It's a deal," Ben smiled back. "The next time I will give you a hair cut, and you can teach me some of those awesome things you did to me."

"It'll be my pleasure Ben, it'll be my pleasure." I said as I rubbed his smooth hairless tight little ass with my soaped up hands. "Now if only some of your friends would fall into the river too."

We both laughed.