 Last weekend my buddy invited me over to watch Montreal play the Leafs. Our wives were out of town; and at our age, we didn't have kids around.

The game was pretty good with some great goaltending. The game wasn't in doubt right up until the third period when Price was protecting a shut-out. With about five minutes left in the game, I decided to make it a little more interesting.

"Hey Rick, I'll bet you ten bucks that Price shuts out the Leafs." I challenged him.

"No, way Les. Listen! If he shuts out the Leafs, I'll blow you." he replied.

I just laughed at that statement because neither of us was gay, nor did we ever give the impression that either of us were even curious that way. But, I must admit that I've looked at a few porn movies where guys were sucking each other off.

Well, the Canadiens shut them out and I looked at Rick and said, "Pay up or shut up, Buddy" in a joking manner.

"I always pay my debts, Sonny." he says "And I'll pay that one. Let's watch some porn first."

"Are you serious, Rick? Fuck, I don't know about this. I'm not going to hold you to a blow job. It was all in fun." I told him.

"A bet's a bet. Besides, this has been on my mind for a long time. Ever feel you wanted to experiment with a guy, Les? Would you let a guy suck you off if you knew that no one would ever know about it?"

"I don't know. Just turn on some porn." I said quite curtly. I was feeling a bit uncomfortable with the conversation. He got up and put a DVD in and turned it on then closed all the drapes in the room. He came over to the couch where I was sitting and said, "This is a good one."

We were not very long into the DVD when I noticed him rubbing his crotch from outside his jeans. I couldn't believe it at the time, but the sight of him doing that actually made me horny.

"Any objections to me jerking off in front of you, Les? This movie's fucking hot and I'm getting a real hard-on.

"Go ahead. It's your cock." was all I said to him.

He stood up, took down his jeans and underwear and went back to watching the movie and stroking his cock. I think I was watching him more than the movie; and before I knew it, I was stroking my cock through my jeans as well.

"Take your pants off, Les. Get comfortable and let's stroke off together." he said. So, I did.

Here we were, two retired old codgers jerking off together and watching a guy's cock sliding in and out of a hot chick's mouth. I wasn't aware that Rick had slid over toward me so that our bodies were almost touching and I could hear his foreskin sliding up and down as he stroked more vigorously. Man, I was really getting into this!

As we were talking about how big the guy's cock was and how she was deep-throating all of it, I found myself getting as hard as I have been for a long, long time. Then, without warning, Rick pushed my hand away from my cock and replaced it with his and jerked me off so gently and slowly. It was the first time in my life that I let a guy play with my cock or even touch it--and I liked it.

"Aren't you going to return the favor, Les? Jerk me off, too." he almost begged, but he didn't have to beg because I was ready for it. I took his cock in my hand and just held it while I rubbed its head with my thumb.

"Fuck, that's nice, Les. Do you like holding my cock as much as I like holding yours? Are you ready for me to blow you now?"

"I don't know about this, Rick. I like playing with your cock, but I'm not sure about going any further." I told him.

"Get up on your knees and face me,Les. Let's just take this slow." 

I did as he told me, and there I was with my cock in his face and there was no doubt about it--I was ready for him to suck me off. He leaned his head into me, grasped my cock in one hand and gently held my balls in the other. He took my cock lin his mouth ittle by little until I could feel his face touching my hairs. It felt absolutely wonderful, even nicer than many of the blowjobs I got from my wife and/or girlfriends.

"Fuck, Rick. I can't believe this is happening. It's fantastic. Don't let me cum just yet. I think I want to suck you off, too; and if I cum too soon, I might back out afterward." I told him.

After about seven or eight minutes of him sucking me off, playing with my balls, and rubbing my ass, and letting him fuck my face, I had to stop. I was ready to cum.

"Change places with me, Rick. I'm ready to return the favor. I don't know if this is going to be good or not because I've never done this before."

"Neither have I. You are the first person I've ever blown. Just take your time and put only a bit of it in your mouth at a time."

Rick got on his knees and faced me and held onto his cock as he put it in my face. He rubbed it all over my face and dragged it across my lips. I could taste his precum, then I took over and guided his cock into my mouth. I licked it and sucked it and stroked him in and out of my mouth.

"That's good cock-sucking, Les. Keep it up. See if you can take it all. This is so fucking nice. Move you hand away and let me use your mouth like a cunt. Let me face-fuck you."

He did just that. He fucked my mouth and held my head in place as he drove his cock gently back and forth, in and out of my mouth. I found myself holding onto his ass, spreading his cheeks but not entering him.

"I'm going to cum, Les. I'm going to cum. Do you want it in your mouth?" he asked as he withdrew his cock.

"No. I don't think I can do that. Just let it go on my chest." I said. Still kneeling in front of me, he stroked his cock and his precum was getting whiter and whiter and I licked it off.

"Here it cums, Les." he warned and he let shoot a stream of cum that hit my chest, chin, but mostly my belly. I took over his cock and stroked him to completion; and when there was just a little bit of cum left, I wiped it on my lips. It didn't taste bad at all.

"OK, Les. Let me finish you off." he said, and with that, he took my cock in his mouth all at once, put his hands around my back, grabbed my ass, spread my cheeks and ran his index finger up and down my crack. That did it! I was a goner.

"I'm going to cum now, too, Rick. Are you ready? Want it in your mouth or on your body?" But, he didn't answer me with words. He just pulled me in as tight as he could and sucked me until I came. I don't know how much cum I had, but I know that my body shook more than it ever had when I came before.

We both flopped back on the couch and let out a big sigh. Never before had I cum like that. We both sat there with our legs spread out, our cocks hanging out and our eyes closed. I think we had our eyes closed because we were beginning to feel embarrassed about what we did.

"Thanks, Les. That was a nice as it gets. I hope you realize that nobody will ever know about this. I enjoyed sucking you off and really liked the way you did me. Maybe we can do this again when the occasion arises."

"Don't worry about anyone finding out. This is our late-life secret. I loved the feeling of you in my mouth and I want to do it again. Maybe next time I will do better because I won't be so shy about it. I think I'm going to enjoy being your cocksucker." I told him.

"Me, too. I've been wanting to suck a cock for so long. Almost every day I watch a porn movie; and when someone gets blown, I close my eyes and pretend it is me doing the sucking as I jerk off."

We got dressed but still sat side-by-side for about an hour, then I told him I was going home. He saw me to the door; and as I was about to leave, he leaned into me and gave me a small hug, reached down and grasped my cock and said, "Maybe next time we can explore a little bit more."

"No maybe about it, Rick. I'd like to try a few more things." I said, then opened the door and left.

I'm looking forward to me next session with Rick. I think I'm ready to try a mouthful of cm. I'll keep you posted.

By the way, if you are in the Ottawa, Ontario area, I'd love to hear from you. You can e-mail me here.