 Brad started to stir as he slowly woke up. He was dreaming than his nephew Brent had spent the night in his bed and was sucking on his dick. Brad reached for his cock and found the soft hair on the head that was bobbing up and down. Brad opened his eyes when he realized he wasn't dreaming and looked down at Josh who was the one sucking his cock. Josh had not spent the night with Brad but had arrived early and decided to surprise Brad at his cabin. Josh was giving Brad an incredible blow job and Brad knew that he would not last too long.

Josh fondled Brad's ball sac and tickled his perineum as he swirled his tongue around the shaft and sucked on the soft mushroom head. Brad felt his balls tighten and he warned Josh that he was going to cum. Josh removed his mouth and jerked Brad off. Brad groaned and fired six streams into the air that landed on his chest and abs. His semen also coated Josh's hand. Josh took the cock back in his mouth and sucked it dry then he licked the spunk off his hand.

Brad stayed hard as he spoke to Josh, "Thanks for the wake up call. Do you want to come to bed and let me fuck you?"

"We don't have time. You need to get to the train station and pick up your nephew," Josh reminded him.

"Oh, that's right," Brad replied as he swung his legs out of bed and stood up. His stiff cock bobbed in front of him as he made his way to the bathroom.

"I'll get the coffee going while you shower," Josh told him.

Brad took his shower and as he did he wished he had more time to fuck Josh. They had fucked in the shower before and Brad liked fucking Josh and watching him shoot. Josh was right though as Brad did need to get going. He finished his shower, dried off and dressed. He took a travel mug filled with coffee and grabbed a donut on the way out. He called back to Josh and thanked him.

Josh sat down in Brad's cabin and sipped on his coffee. He wondered about Brent and what he looked like. He also wondered how Brent would react to Brad being bi and Josh being gay. Josh knew that in time Brent would learn that. He hoped that Brent was as pretty as Brad said he remembered. Josh had not fucked anyone in some time and he looked forward to fucking Brent.

Josh realized his cock was hard and he freed it through the leg of his shorts. He stroked it as he played out different scenarios as to what might happen with Brent. Josh worked himself into a state and he realized that he was going to cum at any second. He pointed his cock at the floor and shot a good size load a few feet from him. He drained his cock and wiped it with a napkin and the got paper towels and wiped the floor. He put away his dick, finished his coffee and went to work at the front desk at the main building. Not that they were expecting any business but Brad always wanted someone at the office.

BRENT ARRIVES

Brad arrived at the train station minutes before the train arrived. He watched as the passengers got off the train searching for his nephew. Brad then spotted Brent and at first he didn't recognize him as he had matured since the last time they were together. Brad called out to him, "Brent, over here."

Brent look toward Brad and spotted his uncle. Brad was as handsome as ever and Brent felt the familiar stirring in his loins. Sadly Brent knew that Brad was dating girls and that he wasn't gay. Brent would love to make it with his handsome muscular uncle but he knew that was not going to happen. Still Brent wondered if Brad was hung and what he looked like naked. He hoped that he would find that out some day.

As Brent walked toward his uncle, Brad assessed the teen. Brent looked very effeminate and he did not try to disguise it. Brent was good looking and he actually fit the description of pretty rather than handsome. Brad wondered how long it would take before Josh and Brent hooked up. He suspected that it would not take long at all. Now that Brent was here Brad knew that he would have to be incredibly discreet with Josh. Brad did not want Brent to know that he was fucking Josh.

"Long trip?" brad asked.

"Yes, I flew into the city last night and caught the first train this morning. I'm a little tired," Brent acknowledged.

"Well we'll get you over the cabin and you can take a nap. There will be plenty of time later to show you around," Brad assured him.

Brad took Brent's suitcase and put in the back of his SUV. On the drive back Brent's head kept nodding as he tried to stay awake. He eventually did doze off and Brad left him alone. Brent woke up when the felt the SUV drive up the gravel road. He opened his eyes and looked around, "This is cool," he said.

"I like it. We are not super busy in the summer months. Some weekends are busy with biking and wake boarding. We have a mountain race coming up in a month and the place will be packed that weekend. All the local hotels have been booked in advance."

"Is there lodging on the property?"

"No and I prefer it that way, one less thing to worry about. There are a lot of cabins in the area that people rent out and a handful of hotels. Mostly we get people who come here for one day. The ski season is very busy on weekends but the weekdays are light. We do most of our skiing from Monday through Thursday. Come on in, I'll show you to your room."

Brad grabbed Brent's suitcase and walked in to the cabin. Brent followed his uncle inside and Brad showed Brent his bedroom. "There are only two bedrooms and one bath. My room is over there. Help yourself to anything in the fridge or food pantry. I want you to feel at home here."

Brent smiled and thanked his uncle. "Why don't you unpack and take a nap. I'll check on you later and introduce you to Josh my assistant manager."

"Okay, thanks Uncle Brad."

"It's just Brad. Uncle makes me sound too old."

"Okay Brad," Brent agreed and then he unpacked his things.

Brent stripped down to his underwear and got in bed. Brad looked in on him before he went to the office and saw Brent in his tight briefs. "Nice ass," he thought. "Not as nice as Josh's but nice." Brad knew that once Josh got a look at Brent's ass and Brent got a look at Josh's ass that they would be unable to resist each other.

Brad made his way down to the office to catch up with Josh. "So how's the new arrival?" Josh asked.

"He's okay a little tired from the trip. He's taking a nap now."

"Is he cute?" 

"Yes, very but go easy with him. I'm supposed to help him see a different way of life."

"Take it from me Brad. If he is gay that's it. Introducing him to a different way of life is not going to change him. I'm convinced that those of us who are gay were born to be gay."

"You're probably right but I want to be objective with him. I'm going to have sex with Vicki and Dawn while he's in the other bedroom."

"Oh by the way, my apartment will be ready in two weeks so I can move out of the office."

"That's good news, I'm sure that it was awkward for you having to trek up to the cabin to use the shower."

"Yes it is good news and now you will be able to come over and fuck me there. I'm sure that you don't want Brent to find out that you're fucking me too," Josh said as he walked closer to Brad.

Josh rubbed his hand over Brad's crotch and said sexily, "Since your nephew is sleeping why don't we take advantage of that. It might be awhile before you get to fuck me again."

Brad and Josh ducked into the room behind the office. Josh turned is back to brad and dropped his pants and underwear to his knees. He knelt on the side of the bed as Brad also lowered his pants and underwear. Brad stared at the marvelous ass before him and he knew that he could never resist fucking it. Josh handed Brad the lubricant wiggled his ass in an invitation. Brad as he always did he took his time lubing Josh's ass as he loved fondling it and playing with it.

Brent woke up and he had a raging hard-on from dreaming about having sex with some guy. The face was a blur to him but the guy in the dream was well hung. He looked around the cabin for Brad and then he got a drink from the fridge. Brent got dressed and decided to walk around the property to see if he could find his uncle. Brent spotted the office and decided he would look there first.

By the time Brent arrived at the office, Brad was buried balls deep in Josh's tight asshole. Josh was kneeling on the bed with his face down as Brad drove his 8" cock deep into the bowels of his assistant. Josh's ass moved back and forth to receive the big dick and Brad drilled him. Brad's powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled Josh's ass. Brad's thick cock drove into Josh and then retreated until only the head remained in Josh's rectum. Josh felt the powerful shaft drive in and out of the anal passage like a piston causing Josh to cry out.

"Oh God your cock is so thick in my ass, so deep. Oh fuck yeah, fill me with your big dick. Cum in me, I want you shooting in my ass," Josh exclaimed!

Brent could not believe his eyes. He was shocked that his uncle was fucking a guy in the ass but then what an ass it was. Brent had never seen such a gorgeous ass. He notice that the blonde was pretty just like he was and he got excited. Brent's cock hardened in his shorts and he was tempted to take it out and jerk off but thought better about it. 

Brad continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his assistant driving his cock into the warm recess. Brad sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in Josh's hot ass. Brad felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass. Brad felt Josh's sphincter muscle tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of spunk out of it.

"Oh shit, I feel it. I love it when you cum in my ass. I love your hot seed flooding my ass," Josh cried out.

Brad stayed hard and he slowly fucked Josh's ass as the semen coated his shaft. Josh sensed that Brad was up for another round and whispered, "Brad if you are going to keep fucking my ass let's get on our sides."

Brent stepped back so that he wasn't spotted and watched as they moved into position. Brad rolled to his side keeping his cock in Josh's ass as he pulled Josh to the side. Brad's hands wrapped around and caressed Josh's body. Brad ran his hands under Josh's shirt and over Josh's pecs and tight abs as they moved toward Josh's pubes. The back of Brad's hand brushed against Josh's erect cock causing Josh to gasp.

"Please hold me and jerk me," Josh pleaded.

Brad took hold of the 6" cock of his assistant and stroked it as he fucked Josh's ass again. Brent looked at the blonde's cock and compared it to his own. He assessed that they were about the same size. Brad kept fucking Josh until they both came. Josh came twice before Brad came in Josh's ass a second time. The first time Josh ejaculated his cum shot passed his face and hit the headboard of his bed. The second time he came Josh's seed hit him in the face and neck. Then Brad lost it and dumped another powerful load in Josh's ass. The two of them rested on their sides as Brad's cock slowly deflated and slipped from Josh's asshole. By the time they were ready to get out of bed Brent had already gone back to the cabin.

Brent hurried into the bathroom where he dropped his pants and underwear to free his stiff dick. He stroked his cock with his eyes closed and imagined that he was in the marvelous ass of the gorgeous blonde. Brent came quickly and fired ropes of semen into the toilet. He stroked his cock until it was drained off every drop. He cleaned up and pulled up his pants and underwear. Brent then walked back to the office as he was confident that his uncle was finished fucking the blonde.

Brent walked in and as he suspected his uncle and the blonde were dressed. "Hey Brent, you're up. Did you have a good nap?"

"Yes, thanks."

"Brent this is Josh, my assistant manager. You will be working with him a lot this summer," Brad introduced.

"Nice to meet you Brent," Josh said extending his hand.

Brent took the hand of the pretty blonde with the incredible ass and replied, "Nice to meet you too."

Brent was thrilled beyond explanation. Josh was the assistant manager which meant he would be around all the time. Brent then realized that he held the hand too long and he was embarrassed. He released Josh's hand and Josh gave him a knowing smile.

"Let's get some lunch and then I will show you around the place. Tomorrow we will begin the inventory and inspection of all the snow sports equipment. I will be replacing a good portion of the skis and snowboards. Next week I am meeting with several vendors at a sports show. I want to standardize all our equipment and the vendors are interested in getting our business," Brad told them.

Brent was already thinking that he would be alone with Josh while Brad was at the sports show. His loins tingled again and he felt a woody coming on. The three of them walked up to the cabin to have lunch and Josh sensed Brent's excitement. Josh had not fucked an ass in awhile and had depended on Brad to jerk him off. Josh was looking forward to sticking his cock in Brent's sweet mouth and curvy ass. It might prove to be an interesting summer. 

BRENT'S ORIENTATION

After lunch that first day, Brad showed Brent around. He introduced Brent to Vicki and explained that Vicki would process his paperwork. She handled all the administrative duties including the payroll. Vicki set up an appointment for later that day with Brent. Brad told Brent that Vicki wasn't busy now but when the winter season started, she would be swamped with work. All the instructors, rental staff, lift operators, groomers, kitchen and bar staff would be reporting for work.

Brad then took Brent to the pro shop where he met Dawn. She was working on the inventory and planning for the new snow sports items for the upcoming season. The pro shop had a limited supply of summer sports equipment for bikers and wake boarders but the real business happened in the winter. 

Brent was shown all around the property and buildings. Brad explained ho everything functioned and Brent was impressed with how much there was to running the place. They returned to the cabin and Brad offered Brent a beer. They chatted awhile before it was dinner time. That evening Vicki joined them for dinner and Brent was surprised when she stayed. She was still there when Brent hit the sack. Brent fell asleep quickly but woke up shortly thereafter when he had to pee.

Brent walked to the bathroom and he could her sounds coming from Brad's room. There was no mistaking that Brad and Vicki were having sex. Brent took his piss and returned to his room. He lay in bed and wondered how Brad could fuck Josh's lovely ass earlier that day and then fuck a woman that night. Brent thought back to the image of Josh getting boned in his curvy ass. Brent got hard thinking about it and then jerked off imagining that he was fucking Josh. Brent sprayed a good size load on his chest and abs and then fell back asleep with the semen drying on his body.

The next morning Brent joined Brad for breakfast but there was no sign of Vicki. Brent assumed that she had left in the early morning hours. Brad made no mention of having sex with Vicki and Brent did not ask. That day Brent was to help Josh with the inventory and inspection of the snow sports equipment. Brad wanted that work completed before he headed to the sport show the following week. Brent was actually pleased that he had been assigned to work with Josh as he had looked forward to getting to know Josh a lot better.

Josh was very knowledgeable and he tutored Brent all morning as they worked through the equipment. Brent learned a lot in one day and he felt as if he would enjoy working there this winter. Brad had told him about the local college and said that he could work on the weekends. Josh had chosen to wear tight tan slacks that day and every curve of his ass was emphasized. Brent was glad that Josh had worn the tight tan pants and Brent stole several glances at Josh's shapely ass. Brent enjoyed watching as Josh moved about handling the equipment. Josh would shift his weight to one leg and one shapely buttock would cock to one side. Josh often shifted his weight from one leg to the other as he inspected the equipment.

Josh smiled to himself as he noticed Brent staring at his ass on more than one occasion. Josh moved his ass around more than normal as he knew that he was getting to Brent. He had a hard-on from watching Josh and it was obvious in his shorts. Josh backed into Brent intentionally a couple of times acting as if it was an accident. Josh felt the stiff cock against his buttocks and he sensed that Brent was easily seducible. Josh assumed that was exactly what Brent hoped for.

A couple of times Brent intentionally brushed against Josh's ass. Brent was carrying something and made believe that he had to squeeze by Josh. Brent allowed the back of his hand to rub against Josh's ass as he moved behind him. The two of them played touching games the entire day but neither of them took it any further. Brent was a little disappointed that nothing more had happened as his cock was raging hard and he desperately needed to cum. 

Josh had intentionally teased the teen knowing that he was getting to him. Josh didn't want to rush into the seduction as he wanted Brent at his mercy and ready to do anything. Josh figured the more that Brent got worked up the more he would satisfy Josh's desires. That evening Brent dined with Brad again and this time Dawn joined them. It was a repeat of the previous night but it was Dawn this time that had sex with Brad as Brent jerked off in his room. Brent lay in bed with the semen drying on his body thinking about Josh. He was going crazy and he decided that he was going to tell Josh that he saw him with Brad. Maybe that would get things going but he knew that he had to be careful with Brad around.

JOSH AND BRENT BREAK THE ICE

Brent was climbing the walls after nearly a week. He kept thinking about Josh and how much he would like to fuck him. In fact Brent would be happy with a blow job at this point. Brad fucking Vicki and Dawn in his room added to Brent's frustration. Brent had to have a sexual encounter or he would go mad. Josh seemed to sense the teen's frustration and decided to deal with it.

Josh and Brent were in the ski boot rental section inspecting the condition of the boots and selecting those that needed to be replaced. Brent was learning a lot about the equipment from Josh and he had become adept at evaluating the gear. Josh was wearing those tight tan slacks again and Brent had a woody most of the morning. After lunch they returned to the boot rental section and this time Josh decided to give Brent some relief.

"Brent you look really tense today what is it?"

"I know that you are gay Josh and I want to make it with you?"

"Really and how do you know that I am gay?"

"I saw you and Brad together in the office. I saw Brad fucking you?"

"Did that turn you on?"

"Yes, I have been thinking about your ass ever since."

"I see. Well I'm not going to fuck you with Brad around. Let's wait until the weekend when he is at the sports show. Then I will let you fuck me. I think that I would like that but for now let me help you cool your jets."

Josh walked over to Brent and knelt before him. He unfastened Brent's shorts and pushed then with his underwear down his legs. Brent's stiff 6" cock leaped out and Josh liked what he saw. Brent was not nearly as big as Brad but he had a nice cock. Josh leaned in and licked the head of it causing Brent to twitch and utter, "Please."

Josh licked his lips and gently licked around Brent's needy cock head. He slowly worked his tongue down the base of Brent's shaft, torturing him. Josh licked back up while taking Brent's balls in his hand and gently rubbing them before he took the head of Brent's dick into his mouth. Brent moaned with pleasure at the feeling. Josh slowly took about half of the shaft into his mouth and worked in a little more, slowly bobbing while his tongue swirled around and greedily licked up any flow that managed to leak out. Josh started moving faster and added some suction. Brent frantically tapped him on the shoulder to let him know he was going to cum. Josh didn't back off, but worked harder, trying to coax the release from Brent's balls. 
