 Brad was awakened when he heard Brent got up and use the bathroom. He was resting in his bed and was aware that Brent left the cabin. Brad looked out the window and saw that Brent was walking toward the office. Brad suspected that Brent was going there to see Josh and most likely have sex with him. Brad had recently wondered if the two of them had got together while he was gone and now he was sure of it. Brad got out of bed, slipped on a pair of shorts over his naked body and headed for the office. If they were having sex, Brad hoped to catch them in the act although he was not sure what he would do if he did.

By the time Brad go to the office and peeked in Josh's room, Brent and Josh were already in a 69 position with Josh on top. They were so engaged that they were unaware of Brad spying on them. Brad noticed that Josh was sucking Brent's cock but Brent was rimming Josh's anus. Brad felt that familiar stirring in his loins but he chose to watch the two pretty gays instead of joining in.

Brent was now fingering Josh's ass and lubricating it with saliva. "That's it Brent, get my ass ready while I make your cock nice and wet," Josh said in a soft voice.

Brad watched as they prepared for what he knew would be another butt fucking for Josh. Brad wondered if Josh would fuck Brent too. As Josh and Brent moved into position, Brad stepped back to avoid being discovered. When Brad peeked in again Josh was on all fours with Brent behind him. They were facing away from Brad so he could watch them fuck. Brent began moving quickly and his thighs were slapping against Josh's beautiful buttocks. Brad noticed Brent's ass and decided that it too was very fuckable. It didn't protrude as much as Josh's but it was a nice ass and Brad hoped he would see Josh fuck it.

Brent must have been very horny that morning because he came quickly. "Oh yeah, I can feel it. Cum in me, fill me up," Josh cried out softly.

Brad watched as Brent slowed his pace and then pressed his hips into Josh driving his cock all the way in. Brent remained in that position holding on to Josh's hips as his seed flooded Josh's rectum. Brad watched until Brent eased his cock out and saw a stream of semen run down over Josh's balls. Brad quickly stepped back and remained out of sight until they resumed their sexual coupling. 

"Okay now I am going to fuck that sweet ass of yours but I want you on your back," Josh directed.

Brad heard the movement as they moved into position and then he heard his nephew speak, "Oh yeah, that feels good."

Brad peeked back in and saw Brent on his back with Josh between his legs. Josh was fucking Brent slowly and he was also stroking Brent's erect cock. Josh looked up and caught Brad watching them. Josh just smiled and nodded his head when Brad held a finger up to his lips as a signal to be quiet and not give him away. Josh and Brent looked beautiful together as their slender hairless bodies came together. Their skin was flawless and their asses were incredible. Josh decided to tease Brad a little.

"Brent if you think that my cock feels good in your ass just wait until your uncle fucks you. I love the way his cock fills my ass and you will too," Josh said aloud.

"Oh I would love it if Uncle Brad would fuck me like he fucks you," Brent squealed.

Brad then decided it was time to join in. "It looks like I interrupted something," Brad said with a grin.

"Oh shit, Uncle Brad," Brent called out in shock

"It's all right. Continue with what you're doing. I like watching you two." 

Brent looked nervous but Josh told him, "Its okay, Brad's cool with us having sex. You know that he fucks me whenever he can. Now we don't have to sneak around anymore."

Josh pulled out of Brent and moved him to his side. Josh also lay on his side and took Brent's cock in his mouth. Brad watched as the two beauties moved into a 69 position and sucked each other off. Brent was now focused on Josh's cock and he was oblivious to Brad presence in the room. 

The two smooth body gays looked adorable in bed sucking each other's cock and fondling each other's ass. Brad admired their flawless skin and virtually hairless bodies. He could have just as easily been watching two girls eating each other. Brad's cock got hard as he watched so he freed it from his shorts and stroked the large shaft. Brent was the first to cum and Josh pulled the cock from his mouth and stroked it until Brent ejaculated and shot gobs of cum onto Josh's body and the bed sheets. Josh then took the cock back in his mouth and sucked Brent dry keeping him hard.

The act was repeated when Josh came and the two of them sucked each other and remained hard. Next Josh moved into position to be fucked and Brent got the lube and prepared Josh's ass. As Brent was fingering Josh's shapely ass Brad decided that he would fuck Brent. He took off his clothes and joined them on Josh's bed. Brad took the lube and fingered Brent's ass. Brent saw the imposing shaft and he was leery of Brad's big cock and he hoped that Brad wouldn't hurt him. Brent slipped his cock into Josh's ass and began fucking him while Brad continued to finger fuck Brent. Brent actually liked the anal penetration as he fucked Brent and he wished that Brad had a cock Josh's size. Brent then remembered what Josh said about Brad's cock feeling so good in his ass.

Brad satisfied that Brent's ass was well lubed, applied a generous amount of lube to his own cock. Brad moved in behind Brent and pushed his cock into Brent's asshole. Brent tensed up and pleaded with Brad to go slow and not too deep.

"Fuck him Brad, fuck his ass just like he's fucking mine," Josh urged.

Brent's fate was sealed and Brad eased more of his cock into Brent's ass. Brad was gentle though relentless in his quest to fuck Brent. Brad would push in a little and stop, allowing Brent to adjust along the way. Finally Brad began a rocking motion and began fucking Brent slowly. Brent's ass had stretched enough now that he was comfortable with Brad's cock in him and he resumed fucking Josh. As Brent picked up the pace fucking Josh in the ass he was pushing his own ass back onto Brad's cock. Brad stopped moving as he didn't need to while Brent was fucking Josh. Brent would bury his cock in Josh and in the process his ass would slide along Brad's cock. When Brent withdrew slightly from Josh's ass he impaled his ass on Brad's cock. Brad inched closer and closer as Brent seemed to be able to take more and more of his cock. Then Brent felt Brad's pubic hair brush against his buttocks and he realized that Brad was all the way in his ass. Brent couldn't believe that he had taken all of Brad's big thick cock. Brent was proud of himself now and he picked up the pace fucking Josh and impaling himself on Brad's cock.

Brad came before Brent did but when Brent felt cum shoot into his ass he lost it. Brent's buttocks tightened as he plunged his cock all the way into Josh's ass and unleashed his third load of the day. As Brent's buttocks clenched and unclenched as he came in Josh's ass, he milked every drop of cum from Brad's cock. Brad caressed Brent's shapely ass as he let his cock be milked dry. Brad liked looking at the tanned young men with their lily white asses. The fact that they had tan lines really emphasized the shape of their curvy bottoms and from this position they were look-a-likes.

Josh was erect again after the fuck session, so he had Brent suck his cock. Brad watched Brent suck Josh's cock and then Brad got hard again. Brent was also hard again after sucking Josh and swallowing his load. This time Josh took Brad's cock in his ass as he sucked Brent's cock. The three of them fucked and sucked until they were drained and exhausted. Brad was not interested in cock but he didn't mind giving them a reach around while he was fucking them in the ass. Brad actually enjoyed playing with their balls and jerking them off as he fucked them.

The three of them were done for the day as no one could cum again. Brad, Josh and Brent all went to the cabin to shower and have breakfast afterward. Brent was still a little nervous but Brad put him at ease. Brad said that he was cool with Brent being gay and told him that the three of them would be very discreet about their relationships. Brent was relieved and he was also thrilled that Brad had accepted him and now he would be fucking him too. 

After breakfast they cleaned up the kitchen and then went to work on the equipment. Brad had made arrangements with a smaller ski hill to buy the used skis and snowboards that were still in decent shape. The skis and snowboards were being replaced with new stock from two well known suppliers. Brad was pleased with the deal he got from both vendors and looked forward to the new equipment. Brad looked over the boots that Josh had marked for replacement and he agreed. Things were shaping up and Brad was anxious for the ski season.

It was the end of summer and Brad had Brent enroll in the local community college. Brent would attend classes during the day and pitch in around the ski hill when he didn't have homework to do. Brad set up the managers and employee meetings for October as there was plenty to do before opening day. Brad would never be at a loss for sex as he was fucking Vicki and Dawn in addition to Josh and now there would be Brent. 

BRENT AND BRAD GET CLOSER

The next morning Brad woke up thinking about Brent. He had enjoyed fucking him and he was already thinking about doing it again. He loved both Josh's ass and Brent's ass. They both had marvelous bottoms that most girls would kill for. Brad was stroking his dick in bed thinking about Brent and decided to go to his room. Brad was naked with a throbbing boner when he looked in on Brent who was also naked in his bed. Brent was half lying on his side and stomach and his ass looked very inviting.

Brad retrieved the lotion from the bathroom and returned to Brent's room. He began to caress Brent's shapely ass from behind. Then Brent felt the lotion running down the crack of his ass just before Brad caught it and pushed it into Brent's asshole. Brent felt the welcome intrusion. Brad kept fingering Brent's ass and applying more lotion until he was able to insert a second finger into Brent's anus. Brent groaned with pleasure. Brad fingered Brent with two fingers until they moved easily in Brent's ass. Then Brad removed his fingers, coated his cock with lotion and added his saliva to make it as slick as possible.

Brent felt Brad's presence behind him and then he felt the soft mushroom head at the entrance to his ass. Brad pressed forward as the mushroom head squeezed in and Brent cried out as he was filled with cock. Brent dipped his head and groaned as the stiff shaft wormed its way into his tight passage and stuffed his rectum. There was the rewarding feeling of fullness in his ass. 

Brad began moving slowly and he was surprised by how much he liked fucking Brent. In this position he could only see Brent's ass and it was just like fucking Josh. Brad really got into it and he started caressing Brent's buttocks again as his cock slid all the way in and out. Brent had completely adjusted to the cock in his ass and he actually liked the feel of it sliding in and out. Brent pushed his ass back to receive Brad's cock.

The two young men were now caught up in the act and Brent began to moan, groan and tell Brad to fuck him. Brad was incredibly turned-on and he felt his orgasm building in his balls. He didn't want to cum that soon as he loved watching his cock slide in and out of Brent's shapely ass. As much as Brad tried to prolong his ejaculation his body took over and he fired a massive load into Brent's rectum. Brent's eyes widened when he felt the surge of Brad's discharge and he instinctively contracted his sphincter muscles around the spurting shaft. Brad pressed forward burying his cock in Brent's ass and savored the feeling of his release. Brad remained in Brent's ass as Brent squeezed the cock with his sphincter muscles until Brad's cock eventually softened and slipped out. 

Brad stared for a moment at the ass that he had just fucked as he was in disbelief that it belonged to his nephew. Brad had never expected this to happen but he was glad that it did. Brent remained on all fours for a few more minutes as he expelled some of Brad's cum from his anus. Brent felt the semen ooze from his hole and trickle down the inside of his thighs. The feeling was erotic to Brent and he now needed to get off. Brent rolled over on his back and grabbed his erect cock and began to jerk off.

"I need to get off," Brent rasped.

"Well you can jerk off or we can go see Josh," Brad offered.

"Let's go see Josh," Brent said releasing his cock and jumping up out of bed.

Brad and Brent put on their shorts and headed to the office. Josh would be moving into his apartment mid-week and he wouldn't be around for morning sex. Josh was pleased to see both Brad and Brent enter his room that morning. He had been thinking about their first threesome and he was hoping that it would happen again soon. 

"Brent is horny and needs some of your action," Brad said to Josh.

"I see. Did your uncle fucking you get you all excited again?" Josh teased and then said, "Take my ass I want to suck on Brad's cock first."

Josh rolled his naked body over on all fours and wiggled his ass in Brent's direction. Brent lubricated Josh's anus with the tube that Josh handed him and then he hurriedly shoved his cock in Josh's ass. Brad walked to the other side of the bed and offered his cock to Josh to suck on. Josh gobbled up the big dick and he soon had Brad hard in his mouth. Brent was moving rapidly in and out of Josh's ass and was so turned on that he knew he would cum quickly. 

Brent held Josh hips as he drove his cock all the way in and ejaculated in the pretty blonde's rectum. Brent always had massive loads especially the first one of the day. He flooded Josh's rectum and he could feel it coat his cock. Josh loved the rush of the warm man seed in his ass and he was rock hard and ready to fuck Brent. Josh told Brent to get on his back in bed so Brent pulled out and watched his seed run out of Josh's ass.

Brent got on his back and spread his legs looking forward to another butt fuck. Brent lubed his cock and moved into position to fuck Brent missionary style. Josh pushed his cock into Brent's receptive asshole and held the teenager by the back of his knees. Josh leaned into Brent and began fucking him. Brad watched the two blondes and he got turned on by Josh glutes contracting. Brad took the lube and applied it liberally to his big cock. Brad knelt behind Josh and eased his dick into the familiar ass.

"Oh God, I love this," Josh called out.

Brad let Josh do most of the work. As he fucked Brent he also impaled himself on Brad's cock. Josh secretly wished he had a third cock for his mouth as it was his favorite action of all time. He loved having his cock buried in a nice ass while he was getting fucked and sucking on a third dick. Brent stayed erect the whole time and his cock slapped against his abs as Josh fucked him. Brent then reached down and took a hold of his dick and jerked off. 

Josh came first and Brent cried out, "Oh yeah, I feel it."

Brad felt Josh sphincter clamp around his cock with each contraction as he ejaculated into Brent. Brad was the next to cum and emptied his balls into Josh's rectum. Brent was furiously jerking off with urgency to cum again. Brad eased his dick out of Josh and watched as Josh stayed hard in Brent's ass and continued to fuck him. Brent's hand flew over his shaft as Josh drilled his ass. Brad watched his seed flow out of Josh's ass and run down over Josh's balls onto Brent's buttocks. It was quite a sight.

Brad decided to leave the two lovers and head back to the cabin. He threw on his shorts and walked back. He thought about how much he liked fucking the two blondes and how he adapted to a bisexual life style. Brad made coffee and sat out on the cabin porch pondering the upcoming ski season. He saw Brent and Josh approaching the cabin and he greeted them.

"Coffee is made," he offered.

"Thanks but we need showers first," Josh replied.

Josh and Brent showered and then joined Brad on the porch. "This has been a great start to the day," Josh stated.

"I'll say," Brent added.

"I'll have to agree with that," Brad chuckled.

"Uncle Brad, Josh has asked me to move in with him this week," Brent stated.

"Is you apartment ready?" Brad asked.

"Yes, they called its all set and the furniture is being delivered tomorrow," Josh affirmed.

"That's good news, Brent you can live with Josh if you like. If it doesn't work out, although I'm sure it will, you can always move back to the cabin," Brad approved.

"Thanks Uncle Brad, I'm sure that I'll be okay with Josh."

"Make sure you stay in school and keep your grades up," Brad reminded him.

"I promise," Brent agreed and Josh said, "I will make sure he does."

"Great, I guess that I will miss both your asses at first but we can work something out later," Brad teased.

"Anytime you want to pop in the apartment just come on over," Josh offered.

Brad knew that once the season started and the place was fully staffed he would have to go to Josh's pad in order to be discreet. Brad also knew that he would have plenty of female action during the season as many of the skiers hit on him and there was Vicki and Dawn. Still Brad knew that he would miss Josh's fantastic ass and he would have to satisfy his desire from time to time. 

The three of them finished their first cup of coffee and Brad then made breakfast for everyone. By the time they were done eating and cleaned up the dishes, it was time to get some work done. Vicki and Dawn had also arrived and everyone stayed busy the rest of the day. Later after Vicki and Dawn left Brent and Josh returned to the cabin. It would be Brent's last night in the cabin so they had a send off for him with another threesome. The next morning Brad fucked Brent again and then Brent packed his things to move in with Josh. 

MONTHS LATER

The ski season was underway and everything was working out just fine for Brad, Brent and Josh. Brent loved his new arrangement of living with Josh and attending college. Brent would work at the lodge on Friday evenings and during the day on Saturday and Sunday. It was a good start to the winter and had been great for snow making. The trails were snow covered with a good base and they had opened a week earlier than expected. Brad was pleased that they were so busy so early.

The new equipment was well received and the word spread quickly in the snow sports community. Customers were thrilled with the quality of the rental ski and snowboard equipment. Josh and Brent proved to be good workers and they fit in well with the rest of the staff. Josh had met a few gay guys and had invited them over to the apartment where they partied with him and Brent. Josh loved the group sex scene and he loved the foursomes with Brent and others. Brent got into the group scene and enjoyed it too. 

Brad had hooked up with a very pretty blonde woman of 35 years. The best thing was that she liked anal sex and she had a great ass. It was her ass that made Brad forget about Josh's although Brad knew that Josh would always be there when needed. One Saturday it snowed like crazy and the forecast was for 18 inches. Brad decided to cancel the night skiing and close the lodge at 4:30 PM. He sent everyone home early as the roads would be getting bad.

Brent and Josh remained behind and helped Brad secure the place and close up. Brad suggested that they stay at the cabin that night because of the weather and he could use their help in the morning. The three of them stayed in the cabin and Brad got a fire going in the fireplace. They hung up their clothes and sat close to the fire to warm up. Brent cuddled up with Josh under a blanket by the fire and Brad knew it wouldn't be long before they were having sex again. Brad spread out another blanket in front of the fire and stretched out on it. The three of them were naked and Brad admired Josh's ass again. It had been awhile since he fucked Josh as his new squeeze Julie kept him busy in her ass. 
