 PRELUDE

Alan woke up in his bed after dozing off for several minutes. He rolled to his side and spotted the naked body lying next to him. He studied the well toned and tanned effeminate body along side him and his eyes traveled down to the curvy hot ass. Alan noticed dried semen on the shapely buttocks and between the cheeks of Michelle's sexy ass. As Alan studied his pretty companion his cock stirred and soon became erect again. Normally at his age Alan was good for one ejaculation but Michelle brought out Alan's best.

Alan moved closer to the tan shapely body and positioned his cock at the entrance to Michelle's ass. Alan pressed forward and with Michelle's ass being lubricated from their earlier fuck session, Alan's cock slid right into the warm passage. They were laying on their left sides so Alan's right arm reached around and pulled Michelle to him. Michelle groaned at the entry and Alan's cock bottomed out with one steady push. Alan's right hand moved down to Michelle's crotch and brushed against the young stiff cock. 

Alan wrapped his hand around the long slender cock of his French lover and began to stroke it. Alan had become comfortable jerking Michelle off when he fucked him. Michelle was Alan's first gay partner and Alan was not comfortable doing anything else but masturbating Michelle. Alan loved fucking the young Frenchman as Michelle had an incredible ass. Alan at first felt a little guilty fucking his adopted son's lover but that had soon passed and he fucked Michelle every chance he could.

Alan took hold of the 7" cock of his son's lover and stroked it as he fucked Michelle's ass for a second time. Alan was not interested in another man's cock but he didn't mind jerking off Michelle and he loved to see Michelle shoot. Michelle had an amazing capacity for ejaculations. Michelle would have volcanic like orgasms when he came and his semen would shoot four or five feet at times, particularly with his first orgasm of the day.

Alan kept fucking Michelle until they both came. Michelle ejaculated twice before Alan came in Michelle's ass a second time that day. The first time Michelle ejaculated his cum shot passed his face and landed on the pillow. The second time he came his seed hit him in the face and neck. Then Alan lost it and dumped another load in Michelle's ass. The two of them rested on their sides as Alan's cock slowly deflated and slipped from Michelle's asshole. As they lay in bed, Alan recalled the first time that he had fucked Michelle.

It had been so easy since Michelle had come onto Alan. They had been fucking for over a week now anytime that Alan's son Barry was out of the house. Alan had at first been a voyeur, watching Barry and Michelle have sex. Alan had discovered them one day when they didn't expect him to be home. Since that day he spied on them whenever he could as he loved to watch Michelle's hot ass whether Michelle was getting fucked or fucking Barry. Then Michelle approached Alan one day when Barry was working and he told Alan that he knew that Alan was watching them. Michelle had then asked Alan if he would like to fuck him and Alan accepted. It was Alan's first time having anal sex with a man and after that he was hooked on Michelle's ass.

INTRODUCTION

Alan Jenkins was 38 years old with an adopted son Barry who was 19 years old. Alan and his wife had split when Barry was 16 and Alan ended up with custody as his former wife wanted nothing to do with either one of them. Alan looked good for his age as he was very fit from his physical activities. Alan was a stickler for fitness and he went to the gym every weekday morning at 5:00 AM before he went to the office. Alan was also an avid tennis player which added to his fitness regimen. He stood at 6'3" tall and weighed a lean 185 pounds. He had sandy brown hair and hazel colored eyes. 

One look at Alan and one would no that Barry was adopted. Barry had blonde hair, blue eyes and he was 5'7" tall. He weighed about 150 pounds and he had a very effeminate appearance. Barry worked out also to remain fit but his interests were in training his abs, glutes and legs. After high school Barry enrolled in a Beautician school as he wanted to become a hair stylist. It was during Beautician school that Barry decided to start taking female hormones to enhance his effeminate appearance. 

Alan had dated on and off since his divorce and he had no trouble bedding women. He had no intention of getting married again so if a woman began to get possessive and start talking about marriage; he would stop dating her. Alan was good in the sack and the women loved his 8" long thick cock. He was above average size but not too big that he intimidated the women. Alan still missed sex with his wife even though she had become impossible to live with any longer. She was good in bed and she had no inhibitions. She loved vaginal, oral and anal sex. She was the best sex partner that Alan ever had.

Alan knew that his adopted son Barry was gay even though Barry never had any of his friends over to the house. Barry had been very discreet since until he attended beautician school where he had a few affairs with other men. Barry was not as blessed as Alan as Barry had a 5" cock that was about 4' around. However Barry loved to suck and fuck other men and other men loved fucking Barry's shapely bubble butt.

Barry took a job in a salon after graduating from beautician school which is where he met Michelle. Barry was thrilled that he got the job in Michelle's salon as it had a great reputation in town. Michelle had moved to the states several years earlier from Quebec. He was French Canadian by birth and Barry loved Michelle's French accent. Michelle liked Barry immediately and Barry proved to be a competent employee as well as a good lover.

Michelle was 5'8" tall and weighed about 165 pounds. He had dark brown hair and brown eyes and he wore his hair long. Usually around the salon, Michelle would wear his hair in a pony tail. Michelle, like Barry had a very effeminate appearance and he had an ass that wouldn't quit. Michelle's ass was perfectly shaped and stuck out from his body. Everyone working at the salon loved watching Michelle's ass as he moved around in his tight slacks. All of them including Barry dreamed of sticking their cock in that fabulous bottom. One day Barry's dream came true.

The first time they had sex together was in the salon when Barry stayed late to help Michelle clean up. Barry first sucked Michelle's 7" slender cock and swallowed Michelle's massive load. Then Michelle sucked Barry's cock and returned the favor by swallowing Barry's load. Michelle next fucked Barry as he knelt in a stylist chair. Barry loved the feeling of Michelle's long slim cock in his ass. Michelle's cock was perfect for butt fucking. After Michelle ejaculated into Barry's ass, Michelle then let Barry fuck him. Barry was thrilled to be in the curvy ass of his employer and he loved watching his smaller cock slide in and out of Michelle's incredible bottom.

Michelle and Barry continued to have sex together at the salon after hours. Barry had never been to Michelle's home but he got up the nerve to invite Michelle to his house. It was on a Sunday when Alan was out all day that Michelle went to Barry's house. Michelle was Impressed with the house and the property. The backyard was secluded and private with a swimming pool and Jacuzzi. The house was spacious and had four bedrooms and a massive great room. The lower level was finished with a bar and game room. 

That Sunday Michelle and Barry stayed naked most of the day. They sunbathed and swam in the nude. They rubbed suntan lotion on each other and teased each other with their fingers. Barry and Michelle loved rubbing the lotion on each other's butts and fingering each other's anus. Although the back yard was secluded and private they still took their sex inside the house. They fucked and sucked each other several times that day with both of them cumming three times. It was a wonderful day of sex and games for them. 

There were other days they spent at the house when Alan was at the office and they soon became comfortable with having sex outside by the pool. It was one of those days that Alan discovered the two of them engaging is sex.

ALAN THE VOYEUR

Alan came home early from work one afternoon and when he arrived at home he saw a strange car parked in the driveway. Alan didn't recognize the car but he assumed that Barry had a friend over to the house. Alan always suspected that Barry was gay but he never discussed it with his adopted son. Then Alan thought that Barry might have a gay friend over and that they might be having sex. Alan quietly entered the house in the hopes of catching Barry having sex with another guy.

Alan felt his adrenalin surge as he anxiously moved through the house. Alan was strangely excited by the prospect of seeing Barry engaged in sex. Alan looked around and then checked Barry's bedroom. He did not find Barry or anyone in the house. Then Alan went to his room to change clothes and when he did he looked out the window into the backyard and the swimming pool area. He then spotted Barry and a very handsome well tanned young man. Actually the young man was pretty rather than handsome and he was even more effeminate looking than Barry. Alan assumed that the other man was Michelle who Barry worked for as he did look French.

This day both the young men were wearing skimpy bikini bottoms instead of being naked. Alan watched as Barry stood at the pool's edge preparing to dive in when Michelle walked up behind Barry and wrapped his arms around him. Barry smiled and tilted his head back for a kiss. Michelle kissed Barry and as he did he slipped his hand down the front of Barry's bikini bottom. Alan stood frozen by the window as he watched Michelle fondle Barry and obviously stroked his cock in the bikini. Barry then reached back and pulled Michelle's bikini bottom to the side and freed Michelle's erect cock. 

Alan watched as the two pretty young man kissed and stroked each other's cock. Barry then turned to face Michelle and dropped to his knees pulling Michelle's bikini down his legs. Alan had never seen anyone have sex in person much less two gay men. Barry then lovingly took Michelle's cock in his hand and kissed up and down the length of the shaft. Barry ran his tongue in circles around the head of Michelle's cock and then he took it in his mouth.

Alan watched intently as his son sucked the cock of his guest. Alan then decided not to change clothes as he did not want to tip off his son that he had gotten home early. He continued to watch Barry suck on Michelle's cock. Barry would often take the cock from his mouth hold it up and suck on Michelle's balls; then he would put the cock back in his mouth. Alan watched as Michelle then reached down and lifted Barry to his feet. They embraced and kissed again letting their hands slip down the other's ass molding and squeezing the shapely cheeks. 

Michelle broke the kiss and then they turned and holding each other's stiff cock they walked toward the house. Alan realized that they were going to finish the sex encounter inside and then he realized that he wasn't supposed to be home yet. Alan left his bedroom door open and then hid in his master bath. He waited there until he was sure that Barry and Michelle were in Barry's bedroom. Alan then quietly walked down to Barry's bedroom and he was pleased to see the door open. Obviously they were not expecting anyone to be in the house and Barry had left his bedroom door open.

Alan peeked in and he saw the two lovers on Barry's bed lying on their sides in a 69 position. The two of them lovingly sucked each other's cock seemingly to make the experience last. Alan was amazed at the tenderness of their love making. He watched as their hands roamed over the other one's ass and thighs as they sucked each other's cock. They caressed each other's ass and toyed with each other's anus. They could not see Alan from his vantage point as they were both engrossed with their oral sex. 

Michelle's body stiffened and his buttocks clenched signaling that he was cumming in Barry's mouth. Barry never missed a beat as he continued to suck his lover's cock drinking down every drop of Michelle's load. Shortly thereafter Barry moaned and his body went rigid as he ejaculated into Michelle's mouth. Michelle also kept his mouth on Barry's cock until Michelle had swallowed Barry's cum. The tow of them then moved back so that they were facing each other and Alan was surprised to see their cocks still hard. They kissed again and caressed each other for several minutes. Then Alan heard Michelle speak in his French accent.

"It is time for me to fuck your hot little ass," Michelle said in a hushed voice.

Barry simply rolled over on all fours and then Alan watched as Michelle prepared Barry's ass to be fucked. Michelle took out some lubricant and he smeared it on Barry's anus. Then Michelle began to finger Barry's asshole and as he did; he played with Barry's scrotum. Satisfied that he was ready Michelle eased his cock into Barry's curvy bottom with one smooth steady stroke until he was all the way in. Even though Michelle was not that thick, Alan was still amazed how Barry easily accommodated Michelle's long slender cock.

As Michelle fucked his son's ass, Alan found himself strangely attracted to Michelle's ass. Each time Michelle thrust into Barry's ass Michelle's buttocks would flex and then relax as he withdrew. Alan had never seen two people fuck before and he was mesmerized by the live act. Michelle's ass was perfect in every aspect and Alan knew that many a woman wished they had an ass so well shaped. Michelle's ass was round, firm and curvy. It stood out from his body as if it were an appendage that was added later.

Alan felt his cock stiffen in his pants as his excitement increased, not from watching them fuck but from thinking about fucking Michelle in the ass. Alan hoped that Barry would get to fuck Michelle as he wanted to see Michelle's ass with a cock in it. Alan didn't have to wait too long for that to happen. Minutes later Michelle announced that he was cumming and his body went rigid as he ejaculated into Barry's rectum. Michelle moved his cock in and out of Barry's ass as Barry squeezed his sphincter muscles around the slender cock. Barry had stayed hard the entire time Michelle fucked him and he was now ready to fuck Michelle.

"Let me fuck you again Michelle," Barry asked almost as if he needed permission. 

Michelle moved to all fours and dropped his head to the mattress. Michelle purposely arched his back accentuating the shape of his lovely ass and then he wiggled his bottom at Barry. Barry took the tube of lube and squirted some directly on Michelle's anus and then he fingered Michelle's asshole preparing it for his cock. Barry took his time lubing Michelle's asshole and then he shocked Alan when he leaned in and rimmed Michelle. Barry held both of Michelle's gorgeous butt cheeks apart as he probed the anus with his tongue. Michelle groaned at the action and wiggled his ass in response.

Barry then moved behind Michelle and eased his smaller cock into Michelle's ass. As Alan watched he wished that it was his cock entering Michelle's curvy ass. Alan watched as his son fucked Michelle and he noticed that Michelle's cum was oozing from Barry's ass. Each time Barry thrust forward and clenched his buttocks, semen would ooze out of his asshole and trickle down his inner thighs. Alan's cock was throbbing in his pants and he was tempted to take it out and jerk off right then. Alan however maintained control of his urges and watched as his son finished fucking Michelle. Alan quietly moved away and made his way back to the master bedroom. 

Alan entered the master bath and stood over the toilet with his pants and underwear down around his knees. He stroked his impressive cock and as he did he imagined he was fucking Michelle's hot curvy ass. It didn't take long for Alan to shoot his load and when he did he was surprised by the volume of it. He was obviously very turned on. Alan cleaned up and dressed before leaving the bathroom. He planned to go back downstairs and then act as if he just got home. Alan left his bedroom and then he heard Michelle and Barry in Barry bedroom. They were still at it.

"Oh yeah fuck me and jerk me," Barry called out.

Alan couldn't resist so he peeked in the room again. Michelle was fucking Barry missionary style as Barry held onto the back of his own thighs. Michelle was kneeling between Barry's legs and sitting on his haunches as he fucked Barry. Michelle had a hold of Barry's cock and he was stroking it as he fucked him. Alan found himself glued to the spot again as he watched the two young men. Barry was the first to cum and Michelle kept jerking his cock as semen sprayed onto Barry's chest and abs. Then Michelle pulled out of Barry's ass and jerked his own cock cumming on Barry's body. Michelle shot his load on Barry's chest and abs also. Barry rubbed his hand over the two loads of semen and rubbed it into his body. Michelle then leaned in and kissed Barry pressing his own body onto Barry's and trapping the semen between them. Alan took that opportunity to leave.

Alan went downstairs and made a drink for himself. Then he took his drink and the newspaper into the family room and acted as if he had just gotten home. He was sure that Barry and Michelle would shower and dress before they came downstairs. Alan still could not get the image of Michelle's ass out of his mind. Alan had loved anal sex with his former wife and a few girls that he dated but he never thought that he would ever be attracted to a man's ass. Alan thought about anal sex and oral sex with a woman and a man. Could it be that different? Alan thought a mouth was a mouth and an ass was an ass. It was almost as if he was trying to convince himself that oral and anal sex would be same with either gender.

Alan was deep in thought about having sex with a guy, not any guy but a guy like Michelle. Alan knew that he was not interested in Michelle's cock and he had no interest in kissing or tender love making. No Alan just wanted to ram his thick cock into Michelle's ass and fuck him fast and furious until he came. Alan's thoughts were then interrupted by his son's voice.

"Dad, hi, I didn't know you were home. You're home early," Barry said as he blushed slightly.

"Yeah, I decided to take sometime off and relax. I was just having a drink and reading the paper. Who is your friend?" Alan replied.

"Oh, I'm sorry, this is Michelle. He owns the salon where I work. He came over for a swim today. I hope that's okay," Barry offered as an excuse.

"Sure it's okay, anytime. Pleased to meet you Michelle, I'm Alan," Alan responded.

"It's nice to meet you Alan and thank you for your hospitality. You have a lovely home and the pool is wonderful," Michelle replied in his effeminate demeanor. 

"Thank you," Alan replied but thought to himself, "How did you like my son's ass?"

"Why don't you join me for a drink?" Alan offered.

"Well maybe just one and then I have to get back to the salon," Michelle accepted.

"I'll get the drinks," Barry offered and then left the family room.

"So how is business at the salon?" Alan asked making conversation.

"It is going very well and Barry has been a fine addition to the staff," Michelle replied.

"That's good to hear," Alan added.

"Forgive me for asking but you and Barry are so different. You are so much taller and more muscular. It's hard to believe that you are father and son," Michelle inquired.

"Barry is adopted and I don't know who his real parents are," Alan explained and then again thought to himself, "You should see my cock and then you would know we definitely are not blood related."

Just then Barry returned to the room with drinks from Michelle and him. Barry sat down and lifted his glass in a mock toast and it was acknowledged by the other two. The three of them talked easily and Barry seemed more relaxed than he was earlier. Michelle then excused himself as he had to get back to the salon. Michelle said goodbye but there was no show of affection between he and Barry. Alan and Barry then had a couple of more drinks and then decided on dinner.
