 I first realized I was bi-curious when I found that when I looked at porn I got just as aroused looking at a guy's cock as I did looking at a woman's naked body. I started to wonder what it would be like to touch and to suck another cock. I knew how much I loved it and the idea of giving another man that kind of pleasure turned me on. I started chatting online with bisexual men, asking a lot of questions. Late one night I was half talking to a guy until I found out he lived only about 2 miles from me. At that point the conversation got a lot more interesting. He asked me what I was interested in and what I wanted to try. He said he knew how I felt and he seemed like the patient type, a kind of guy that wouldn't get pushy. I eventually agreed to meet him in the parking lot of a nearby supermarket.

It was lightly snowing as I pulled into the parking lot and saw his car under the street light. I pulled up next to him and got out of my car, trying to calm my nerves as I walked to the passenger side of his car. I opened the door and he invited me in, so I took a seat in his little 2 door sedan. I took a good look at him, because it was 3am I was not surprised that he had on a t-shirt and sweats. He looked just like he had said; early 30's, about 5'10", dark hair, average looking. 

"How do you feel?" He asked as I tried to get comfortable in the seat.

"I'm pretty nervous." I replied as I realized I had a throbbing erection.

"Do you still want to go through with it?" he asked. 

"I'm not ready to turn back yet" I said.

He decided we should drive around to the back of the supermarket and I told him I thought it was a good idea. As we drove I took a good look at him and could not believe what was about to happen.

"How do you want to start?" he asked as he parked the car.

"I guess we can just start playing with our cocks", I stammered.

I quickly pulled my own cock out of my shorts as I started at his crotch. He slid his hand in the waistband of his sweats and I held my breath as he pulled his cock out. This was the first time I had ever really looked at another man's cock before and it was beautiful. It was about 7" long, fairly thick, nicely trimmed, with a very large head. I stared in fascination as I watched him stroke himself, hardly able to touch my own erection for fear I might cum. 

"Do you like it so far?" he asked, noticing my staring.

"Yeah" I managed to stutter, but regaining my composure I said, " I would love to hold it in my hand."

He nodded and took his hand off his now semi-hard tool, I reached over into his lap and wrapped my hand around it, taking a firm grip. His penis felt so warm and soft in my hand and instinct took over. I started to slowly stroke him, feeling him get fully erect from the motion of my hand. He reached over to stroke me but I told him I would cum if he did. He decided to just sit back and relax. 

"Is it what you imagined?" he queried.

"It's so much better." I said. "I think I'm ready for more."

"More?" he asked.

"I'm ready to suck it." I said. "I'm ready to give you head."

He smiled and gave me the go ahead, so I leaned over into his lap. I took a deep breath as I got a close look at his cock, it looked so much bigger up close. I was ready to get started so I just opened my mouth and lowered my head onto his hard erection. I got a little nervous as I felt the head of his cock rub the side of my mouth, but instinctively I closed my mouth. His swollen cockhead felt so much larger in my mouth, I was not sure I would be able to get much more in. He started moaning and told me to suck it.

I tried to concentrate on relaxing, calming myself down as I started lightly sucking on his cock like a lollipop. As I got used to the sensation of having another man's hard cock in my mouth I started to bob my head a little. I got to the point where I was bobbing my head up and down about 4 inches, but his cock kept hitting the back of my mouth before I had it all in. I decided that I really wanted to be able to take it all, so I was going to have to learn to deepthroat. I remembered reading on a website that you have to really relax your throat, let the cock reach the back of your mouth and keep pushing until you feel a pop and the cock slides into your throat. I was really turned on and knew I could do it, so I pushed that cock as far as I could into my mouth, kept pushing and gagged really bad. I pulled his cock out of my mouth and he asked if I was ok. 

"I'm ok" I said, "I just want to take your whole cock in my throat and deepthroat you."

"Most women can't even do that" he said, "so if you don't get it, it's ok".

"I'm not a woman and I am not going home until I've had your whole cock inside my mouth."

He laughed a little and I leaned back over to his gorgeous dick. I was breathing more steadily now and feeling relaxed and determined. I slid his member in my mouth and took a few quick bobs on it to get back into the game. It was now or never I thought as I lowered my head on his shaft, feeling his cock fill my mouth. I felt the head touch the back of my mouth, closed my eyes and kept going. I felt a tingle as his cock pushed its way into my throat, but managed to hold back a gag. Before I knew it my face was right down to his balls and his whole cock was in my mouth.

"Oh hell yeah" he moaned as I slid his cock back out again. 

I beamed with pride as I resumed pumping his cock with my mouth. I had done everything I came to do except one thing…I still had to make him cum. I could tell by his moaning that he was getting close, so I continued sucking his shaft into my mouth. I deepthroated him 2 or 3 more times, each time it got easier to do. I felt his hands on my head trying to pull my head up as he moaned that he was going to cum. I had come this far I was not going to stop now. I sucked hard and kept his now swollen cock in my mouth, making it clear to him what I wanted. He let go of my head and I felt his cock spasm. I held my breath and felt his cum hit the back of my mouth, filling it up. I used my tongue to tease his cock as the cum continued to drip from it. I swallowed hard when he was done, enjoying the fruit of my labor. I kept him in my mouth as he went limp, and then licked him clean. 

"Want me to return the favor?" He asked.

"Nah" I said, "I got what I came for."

He drove me back to my car and I smiled the whole way home, knowing this would be the first of many guys I would make cum.