 I was very frustrated and horny as hell as I boarded the car train in Sanford, Florida heading to Charlotte, North Carolina. My car was on board as I was going to be staying in Charlotte for at least three months. The Company I worked for was sending me to our Charlotte branch to oversee the start up of a new computer system that I had help develop over the past year.

My frustration stemmed from the fact that my wife was not going and would probably be fucking our good friend Charlie's brains out while I was gone and she would not suck my cock prior to my leaving.

She was the best cocksucker I ever experienced and I wanted that blowjob prior to leaving. But alas it did not happen.

I'm a thirty two year old computer programmer named Sam and my wife was a thirty one year old fox that I had met in college, named Kelly. We had fucked our way through college and married soon after we both graduated.

I had become totally addicted to Kelly's awesome cocksucking, and I have to admit I was probably neglecting her needs, in my pursuit of her oral skills.

It was only recently I found out she was fucking our close friend Charlie. Charlie was a Department Manager in our Company. We had met right after I started working there and became friends immediately. He was tall and very handsome, and Kelly seemed to like him right off.

We would socialize with Charlie and his girlfriend Sally often and entertained them in our home many times. Although Charlie and Kelly would flirt on occasion, I did not realize the extent of their attraction. I found out when I came home unexpectedly and found them fucking in our bed. When I entered the house, I heard the sounds of someone in the throes of sexual bliss. Kelly was moaning and squealing like I had not heard since our college days. I knew she was being fucked, but was not aware it was Charlie until I peeked into the bedroom.

The surprise of seeing my good friend furiously pounding my wife's cunt was a total shock. Little did I know that he had been fucking her regularly for several months. I would find that out later. I made a quick decision to not confront them, and slipped away driving to the nearest bar.

I had several beers and waited till I was sure they would have finished and returned home.

When I entered the house I made sufficient noise to let them know I was there. But it was not necessary, as Charlie had already left.

Later that evening, I totally caught Kelly off guard when I asked, "How long have you and Charlie been fucking?" 

The shock and horror on her face is something I will never forget.

After a few moments, she stammered and said, "What ever gave you that idea?"

"Come on, I came home early today and saw you two fucking up a storm, and in our bed too," I said.

"You can't deny it, I saw you with my own eyes."

At first she was speechless, but after a short time, I saw the expression on her face slowly change. And what I was now seeing was anger.

"Look you asshole, you have not been taking care of my needs for a long time. All you ever seem to want is for me to suck you cock. If you had paid attention to taking care of me, this probably would not have happened."

She had turned her infidelity back on me and I had to secretly admit she probably had a point.

Now I was reliving the whole scene of Charlie fucking Kelly, in my mind, as the train slowly started pulling out of the station.

I had not confronted Charlie, but assumed Kelly must have told him, as he seemed to have avoided me the past few days prior to my departure.

I kept wondering if he had experienced one of Kelly's awesome blowjobs. I'm sure he must have. I also wondered just how many times he had fucked her. I had tried to get Kelly to tell me, but she had refused to divulge any details.

The image of his cock pumping her cunt stuck in my mind's eye, and then it hit me like a thunderbolt, he was not wearing a condom. Kelly did not take the pill and we had always used a vaginal foam called Emko for protection. Damn, I hope she used the foam prior to Charlie fucking her.

As the train was rolling along heading into North Florida, the thoughts of Charlie fucking her without protection continued to haunt me. Kelly had always been paranoid about getting pregnant, so I couldn't imagine her having unprotected sex, but the thoughts still lingered.

Finally I drifted off to sleep.

I must have slept several hours before I awoke with a serious need to empty my bladder. I got up and headed for the restroom, which was in the rear of car.

Entering the restroom I couldn't help hear a voice saying, "That's it cocksucker, suck it."

Obviously, someone was getting a blowjob in the stall, and I was immediately turned on by the thought. I quickly emptied my bladder only to find my cock growing in my hand. As I listened, I began to stroke my cock making it grow to a full hard on. Damn, I need that blowjob.

Returning to my seat, I decided to watch to see who came out of the restroom. I waited for almost twenty minutes before a young man came out. About three minutes later an older distinguished looking man followed. Then it hit me someone had been getting a blowjob from a guy. But who was doing the sucking, I wondered?

I had never considered getting a blowjob from a guy, but there was no denying my cock was hard as hell thinking about what had gone on in that restroom. It must be because I have been so frustrated with Kelly not sucking me off before I left.

I could not stop thinking about it when I looked up, and saw the young man staring at me and smiling. He must have been the cocksucker, I thought. I looked around for the older guy and saw him sitting about three rows in front of me. My cock was throbbing thinking about the older guy's cock pumping in and out of the young man's mouth. I needed to go back to the rest room, and jack off. My cock was ozzing precum in my boxers.

I got up and walked back to the restroom. I got in the stall and took out my cock and began stroking. I was startled when I heard a light tapping on the stall door. 

I immediately stopped stroking and said, "Who is there?" A low voice said, "Let me in, please."

Not knowing what to do, I asked, "Who are you and what do you want?"

"I just want to suck your cock," He replied.

Slowly I opened the stall door and saw the young man. He quickly entered, dropped to his knees, and took my cock into his mouth and started sucking me. I was in a state of shock, but damn he was sucking me as good or better than Kelly. I started fucking his face as my orgasm approached. I needed release and it was fast coming, as I blew a huge load in his mouth.

Then it hit me, I had just been sucked off by a guy, and due to my heighten state of arousal had cum almost immediately. I came hard and fast and the orgasm was as intense as any I ever had. 

"Wow you came fast," He said.

"I have been very turned on ever since I heard you sucking the older guy earlier, but how did you know I was in here jacking," I asked?

"I saw you thru a crack in the stall door when I was sucking the other guy, and was hoping that I would get the chance to suck you. When I saw you heading back to the restroom, I put two and two together, and guessed you were coming back to jack off," He said.

Then I got another big shock. He asked, "Have you ever sucked a cock?"

Shaken, I responded, "No never, why would you ask that?" 

"The older gentleman that I was sucking earlier has me on the watch for more cocksuckers to service him," He replied.

Without another word I quickly put my cock back in my pants, and left returning to my seat.

I was still in shock, and was coming down from my intense arousal, when I felt like someone was looking at me. I looked up and saw the older gentleman looking at me with a smile on his face. I must have looked startled because his smile increased and I quickly looked away.

Closing my eyes, my mind was in a whirl, as all kind of crazy thoughts were racing thru my mind until I finally drifted off to sleep.

When I awoke, I had the distinct feeling of being watched. Was it the older man, and if so, what must he be thinking.

Then I felt a tap on my shoulder. Looking up I saw the older man, and he mouthed, "Follow me."

I sat there thinking what in the world is he expecting of me. I looked and saw him enter the restroom. 

Finally my curiosity got the best of me and I got up and headed to the restroom. Upon entering, I saw the older man standing in the doorway of the stall with a huge cock sticking out the fly of his pants.

"Look, I don't know what you expect, but I have never sucked a cock and why do you think I would now," I asked?

"Oh but you will by the time we reach our destination," He replied.

"I have turned many men who had never considered sucking cock before, and who are now excellent cocksuckers," He said.

"Look, I am not a cocksucker," I repeated.

"Come on in here and we will see about it," He said.

Mesmerized by the sight of his big cock, I initially hesitated and then moved forward. Once inside the stall, he closed the door and placed his hands on the top of my head pushing me down till I was on my knees.

His big cock was now right in front of my face as he pressed forward brushing his cock across my lips. I have been in this position many times, but it was always my cock brushing across Kelly's lips. I started to say something, but before I could, he pushed his cock into my mouth. 

He immediately started fucking in and out of my mouth going a little deeper with each thrust. What was happening to me, I thought, but I knew I was being face fucked!

At first, I felt my gag reflex kicking in, but soon it subsided, as I felt his cock enter my throat. Many times I had enjoyed Kelly deep throating me, and now I know what it must have felt like for her. As he kept fucking my mouth and throat, I realized I had a huge boner and my cock was throbbing and I wondered if I was going to cum while sucking a cock.

Then with a hard thrust he held his cock in my throat and emptied his balls directly to my belly. While this was happening, I was cumming in my pants and I came even harder than when I had gotten my cock sucked earlier.

As he slowly withdrew his cock, I could taste some cum reside and was mildly surprised that is was not at all bad. In fact, I kind of liked it.

"Not bad at all for your first time. With a little more experience, I could see you turning into a very good cocksucker," He said. "And before this trip ends you will have more experience."

With that, he turned and walked out leaving me in the stall still on my knees with the taste of his cum residue in my mouth.

After I returned to my seat, I thought, oh my god, I am a cocksucker. That is when I saw the young man looking at me with a knowing smile on his face. He had to know that I had just sucked off his older friend. I was totally conflicted, I am not gay or bisexual yet I just sucked a cock and took a man's load down my throat.

The thought kept running thru my mind what the older man had said about me get ting more experience before we reached Charlotte.

It turned out he was right. I ended up sucking him three more times before we arrived in North Carolina. 

When I told him I would be in Charlotte for three months, he said, "That is more than enough time for me to teach you how to be a first class cocksucker. I know when a guy has natural talent for sucking, and you have it."

And teach me he did. I not only became a very good cocksucker, but I learned to love and crave cum. 

I hope when I return home Kelly will let me eat Charlie's cum from her pussy. I also have begun to wonder if I Charlie would let me suck his cock. Things will certainly be different, that is for sure. I have gone from wanting my cock sucked to me wanting to suck cock.