 The Chapters can be read independently, but you may want to read them in order. 

*

I found his ad on line in the Men for Men personals, "I want to fuck your mouth." I was startled and immediately aroused! Had this unknown person somehow read my mind?

I have this fantasy about having my mouth fucked by a hard cock and here was someone willing to do it!

I date women but do think of myself as a bisexual. Trying to be as honest as I can I know I like sex with women, however cock calls.

Over the past 2 years I've had 3 different women in casual sexual encounters. During that same time I've also had sex with 4 different men. 

Growing up I was fairly sheltered, and definitely shy. When I went to college I pushed myself to get out and mingle more. I joined the men's soccer team on campus and started interacting with the other 19 and 20 year old guys. I had not dated while in high school and was still a virgin in that first year of college.

In college one of the soccer guys had a gym locker beside me. He was a good looking young man and was an exhibitionist. Rich was fun easy going and liked to laugh and joke a lot. He also liked to show off his naked body. Rich had freckles all over his body. From the top of his head, all the way down to his toes and every where in between.

He was one of the first guys to undress completely and one of the last ones to get dressed. Standing near him, or at times him standing near me, I was aware of his body and it was impossible to not be fascinated by his uncut cock that was also covered with freckles! It was somewhat larger than mine, (I'm an average six inches in size) and I gazed at it time and time again as we were in the locker room.

After each game or practice Rich would be in the shower, where he would spend a lot of time soaping up his cock. I found myself spending longer times in the shower myself watching him. After the shower he would often stand drying off with one leg up on the bench we sat on facing me as I sat near him self consciously drying off and dressing in a hurry. Some part of me was greatly attracted to this naked hung show off. Many times my eyes were on his manhood, and there were times when he "discovered" that, and as I looked up,he just smiled. Nothing ever happened, but I remembered him, all of him, for a long time after college. Maybe this was the start of my interest, or curiosity about what sex with a guy would be like.

After 2 years of college, I had to drop out due to lack of money, got a job in a large near by city and realized that I was now anonymous. In the city, I lost my virginity to a girl I knew casually. she had to pretty much tell me what to do. Time went by, I gained some confidence and drifted into sexual encounters with 2 different women, but I never lost my curiosity about having sex with a guy.

One day about a year after moving there, I was driving through an attended car wash and the guy taking my money for the car wash boldly asked me if I wanted to meet him later and he would give me a blow job! I was stunned! I stammered something, he smiled and said no pressure and handed me a piece of paper with his phone number and the name Mike scribbled on it. I drove forward and rode through the car wash in silence, realizing half way through that I had a raging hard on!

I agonized about it for more than a week and then thought, "what the hell, what can it hurt?" I called him and told him, "I'm straight and I would not be touching him, but he could touch me." 

"Fine, no problem." He said. I got his address, and met him at his place that weekend. Oh my God! The blow job I got from him was amazing! I couldn't believe how good his mouth, lips and tongue felt. I thanked him and left.

I dismissed that experience as one time only, and put it out of my mind, or so I thought. I was not really thinking about male sex, however cock calls. My cock. I wanted that intense experience to happen again.

A couple of months later I called Mike on impulse one day and discovered his phone had been disconnected. I went by his apartment only to find an older couple now living there. I drove to the car wash and found out he had quit the week before and they had no idea where he went. Frustrated, I gave up on finding him and went home. I didn't need that right? I could date women and the sex was pretty good usually Right? No, cock calls, my cock.

I found myself thinking more and more about how to relive that incredible experience, finally, out of frustration, and foolishness one Saturday evening, I stopped by this gay bar just because.

I was very nervous and after five minutes was ready to leave when a young guy asked me if I wanted to dance. I told him, "No way! I'm not gay, I don't belong here, it was a mistake coming here!" 

"So why did you come here then?" He asked. 

I blushed, and started to walk out, but something made me tell him, "I was looking for a blow job."

"OK." He said as he smiled.

"Really?" was my answer. 

"Why not?" He said as he lead me out back of the bar into the darkened alley way, and dropped to his knees and caressed my hardening cock as he unzipped me. I couldn't believe what he was doing, what I was doing! The next thing I knew, he had my cock in his mouth and was giving me a hell of a blow job!

After I had exploded into his mouth, we did go back into the bar, and I bought him a beer. (The least I could do right?) Shortly after I left the bar and headed home. Half way home I realized we had not even exchanged names!

Time went by. I was thinking more and more about male sex, and I have to admit I found myself thinking about what it might be like for me to be the one giving the blow job. I mean it was only fair, right? 

The sword becomes the sheath. One fits with the other.

I had gone back to that same gay bar two or three different times, but never hooked up with any one. I was getting more comfortable and it gave me time to think while I was drinking my beer. One night as I was leaving I saw a young guy coming in. He was obviously nervous, I said hi to him, he blushed and turned to go. I asked him what was wrong. 

"I don't belong here and it was a mistake coming here." He said.

"Then why did you come here?" I asked.

"I was looking for a blow job." He stammered.

I smiled quietly laughed and said. "OK." 

"Really?" He said.

I lead him out back to the darkened alley. I told him, "My name is Dave." He said his was Johnny. I was calm on the outside, but extremely nervous on the inside because this time it was me down on my knees caressing his hard cock. I unzipped him and pulled him out. He was very hard and his cock was throbbing! I marveled at the feeling of it as I ran my hand over the length of it and saw a drop of precum on the head. I flashed on Rich's cock from the college locker room as I leaned in and touched his flesh with my tongue. It tasted different, good, interesting, so soft, yet so hard! I looked up, he was looking down, his breath was ragged. "What the hell. What can it hurt? I thought.

" 

I took the head of his hard cock into my mouth and softly sucked on it, then started taking more of his shaft into my mouth as I got into it. Johnny let out a loud moan and grabbed my head with both hands and thrust his hips forward driving his hard cock deep into my mouth, hitting the back of my throat and gagging me! I could barely breath as he thrust into my mouth and throat again and again and again! He seemed completely out of control! My mind was reeling, my breath coming in gasps as I struggled to breath as the assault continued for almost a minute.

Suddenly Johnny yelled something and thrust his hips forward hard one last time holding my head tight and blew his cum into my mouth and throat! After he emptied himself he slumped back against the building letting go of my head. As he was zipping up, I was on my hands and knees coughing gagging spitting and swallowing, trying to get my breath back, trying to regain my composure. 

"Sorry man! I couldn't help it!" He said, leaning over me and putting his hand on my shoulder. By that time I was breathing better and stood up, a little worried about what kind of attention we were drawing from people walking on the near by sidewalk. 

My head was still spinning, but I was able to tell him, "No problem, don't worry about it." He said he had to go, I tried to get him to go back inside and have a beer with me, but he said he couldn't.

I headed home still in a daze, brushed my teeth, showered and went to bed. During the night I suddenly woke up realizing I had been dreaming about what had happened in the alley with Johnny earlier, discovering my own cock was rock hard throbbing and leaking precum! I stroked it jacked it and exploded with my own orgasm much earlier that I usually do! I fell back to sleep waking up the next morning with my sheets soaked with my cum.

The next couple of weeks were a blur as I worked, drove home, fixed meals and even had a date with a girl friend. I was distracted, distant, and my mind was not on the things I was actually doing. I relived the exchange in the alley in my head again, again and again, upset about but somehow turned on by what had happened.

What does this mean? Why am I aroused by being used? It was me being used, no way around that thought. I didn't know what to do how to think about it, but slowly I accepted the fact that it was a turn on and I knew I wanted it to happen again.

A month later I was back at the gay bar on Saturday night not knowing what to expect, not knowing what might happen. I hooked up with a guy that I met there and we ended up back at my place. Tommy was a disappointment. He did go down on me, but not very well. He did not want oral from me but wanted to do anal on me instead. I declined as I was not interested in anal and I knew it was a good way to end up with an STD or worse. Tommy went home.

I jacked off, again thinking about my encounter with Johnny in the alleyway. I wish I could find him! I've had this fantasy about having my mouth fucked by a hard cock and where was someone willing to do it?

*

To Be Continued. 