 It hurt. It hurt a LOT!! Every thrust was painful, even with plenty of lube. There was no numbing, no getting used to the feel. It was just painful. Yet, I let him keep going, it had to feel good at some point.

An hour ago I was buzzed chatting online, horny as always when I drank. I loved drinking and chatting online, it was harmless fun, playing a role while drinking. Living out harmless gay fantasies. I took it too far this time.

We had chatted for a twenty minutes or so. I was sitting in my nylons, loving the way they felt, my cock was hard. Everything he typed, every word, just fed into what I needed, wanted. I slipped right int my role as a willing cocksucker.

The exchange got heated. He proved he was the dominant top I craved, in my mind at least. It didn't take him long to get my real name. In my semi-drunken state, I was giving him everything he wanted.

He asked for my address. I willingly gave it to him. I was drunk, he had to have known, typos alone would have given that away.

"I'll be there in ten, be showered and ready when I get there...", that was the last thing he typed.

Without hesitation the water was drawn and the shower was going. I was shampooed, conditioned, and lathered up in less than 5 minutes, rinsed in 7. I had just finished drying myself off and slipped back into a fresh pair f hose when I heard the knock at the door.

I ran to open it. I didn't even think to see if it was him before I opened the door. At that point I don't think I cared. I was in pantyhose and I was horny. I opened the door, my cock hard and tenting my pantyhose.

"Good boy, now get on your knees." he said as he walked through the door.

I was on my knees, my hand already reaching for his crotch as the door shut behind him. I unzipped his pants. His cock sprang out, no underwear and half hard.

"Suck it fag." 

I had no choice, the authority in his voice, I was compelled. I licked my lips, then his shaft. His cock twitched at my tongue's touch. my hand wrapped around his girth, my lips parted. His cock entered my mouth. I did the best I could to keep my teeth off of his dick. I was salivating, my first cock. I took him as deep as I could, gagging right away. I couldn't get past my gag reflex. Every story I read was a lie, I couldn't power through it, take it and breath through my nose.

I choked going back down, I tried to take it all. Coughing, choking, spitting... it was all too much. I wrapped my fingers around the base and started stroking. Only taking in as much of his cock as I could, stroking the rest.

"That's it faggot, do your best. Prove your mouth is worth my cum."

His words hurt, I was determined though. I was going to make him cum. I was going to swallow what he shot in my mouth. I continued my sucking and stroking. My jaw was getting tired. I regretted boasting my oral skills in our chat earlier.

"Enough of this, you're wasting my time. I knew you were lying the second you started talking about sucking cock. I wanted to see how far you would go before giving up. You tried like a champ, I'll give you that."

"Since you lied about the cocksucking, I'm guessing you also lied about getting fucked. Right?"

His cock still in my mouth, I could only nod a yes.

"I can't say I'm sorry for what I'm about to do." he said, pulling his cock from my lips.

"Get up," he said. "Bend over the couch. Tonight is the night your ass gets taken. It will hurt."

I panicked, what could I do.

"I'll make this easy for you. You have lube right?"

"Vaseline." I answered.

"That'll have to do. Get it." he demanded.

I brought it to him. He dipped his finger in it and bent me over the couch. One finger pushed at my hole and slid in, it wasn't so bad. He added the second, my hole stretched, the first feeling of discomfort. His third finger went in, I clenched and tried to stop it. He pushed harder, it went in. I yelped, the pain was there now. So was the sobriety.

He worked his fingers in and out of me. I resisted as best as I could, it didn't work. I tried to relax and take it, like every story I had ever read. 

"Relax, it'll feel so much better." Every word I had ever read about getting fucked was a lie.

"You should try to relax." It was like he was reading my mind.

I felt him lining up his cock to my asshole. Felt his head push in. 

"NO STOP." I begged.

"Shut up and take it. It is what you wanted, you were so eager in our chat."

He was right. I told him getting fucked was my favorite thing. I lied, never thinking it would go this far. It was, and I had to take it. It would have to get better, there would be some pay off for me. He pushed deeper.

Oh FUCK, this hurt. His hands on my hips, pulling me back onto his cock. I forced myself to relax, how is that possible. He pulled me back more, his cock filling me, stretching me.

"AAAAAHHHHHHHH... That's it, take it all. Such a nice virgin cunt. Been a long time since I took a guy's cherry. Glad you accepted my chat request." He laughed as he buried the rest of his cock in me.

He withdrew a little, before pushing back in. I winced with every movement. He pulled me on and off his cock and found a rhythm. It was pain all the way for me, but at least I could take it, getting a feel for his movement, breathing through the pain.

At least I thought I could. When he felt me relax more, he pounded away. Everything hurt, there was no getting past this now. He was going until he finished, and i just had to take it. His strokes were furious, banging in and out. It hurt even more, but I was getting used to it. It wasn't feeling great by any means, but I could see this turning into something that could feel good. There were brief sensations, glimpses of pleasure that could be had as he took me.

"Take it slut"

He rammed his cock deep inside, bucking as he did. He held me firmly. He stiffened as he erupted inside me.

"Yeah, That's it... Take it all."

He held himself in me, his cock softening. He slipped out. My hole stretched, I felt his cum drip from me, seeping down my leg.

With that he zipped up and walked out the door. I slid into my couch, not caring about the stain I would leave as more of his seed leaked out of me. The only though in my head was... "That was it? Guess I'll have to try out a few more."