 I'd like to begin by saying that this story is a work of fiction, however it is based on a few past experiences. Any feedback would appreciated.

------------------------------------

Because of my job I've had to travel up and down the UK, living in accommodations and hotels. I usually have around three months off in the summer so that I can go back home and see my family whose house I still technically live at. Upon arriving home I was greeted by parents as they were talking to the new neighbour. Now, despite being in a relationship with a girl for the last five years, I've always gotten off with men. The neighbour, named Tommy, was around six feet tall, with a pot belly and a bald head. Being a chubby guy myself, he was everything that I looked for in my men.

I walked over and introduced myself, being the good neighbour that I am, and we started talking as my parents went into the house. He asked me what it is that I do and give him the brief of it, "Oh just fixing computers for businesses. Things like that." Luckily this was my ice breaker as this is what led to our experience. He'd asked me if I was able to come over one time and see if I could fix his laptop - a gift from his daughter - which was running slow. I obliged and headed over the next day around noon. On this day, it was incredibly hot due to the season and I was dressed in shorts and a t-shirt. Appropriate dress I would say. I knocked on his door and he answered in a tight vest - showing off his belly, and khaki shorts that cut off just above the knee. Already I was imaging what he looked like underneath them, but I pushed that thought to the back of my mind and attempted to fix his laptop.

After running through the basic operations and uninstalling programs, adding anti-virus software, I checked his internet to see if he had any toolbars that needed to be removed. His history tab was already open, but being respectful I didn't browse through it or look into it deeper. However, a certain sentence did catch my eye. 'Boy sucking mature cock'. Now, I couldn't judge him given my affinity for older men, and out of sheer curiosity I opened it up and watched the video. It was an amazing video with a hot mature guy with a big uncut cock, getting sucked by a young man. Safe to say I was to turned the fuck on. Much go my embarrassment, Tommy was watching me from the doorway - totally unbeknownst to me.

'You into that kind of stuff, son?' I almost jumped out of my fucking skin. My face was bright red, I couldn't get my words out, what made it worse was Tommy's smug face. 'I-I-I didn't mean t-to pry, Tommy.'

'It's aright, man. I'm just glad you're into that, I thought you were straight.' He came and sat down next to be and pressed play on the video. He started watching it and lay back so that he was comfortable. He unzipped his fly and pulled out his cock. Thick, about seven inches, and uncut. I was rock fucking hard. He began to slowly stroke his cock and I couldn't help but stare in lustful amazement. Tommy looked over and me and nodded, as if to motion that it was my turn. I stood up and untied the the string on my shorts, dropping them with my boxers to my ankles. My cock was, well, outshone by his majestic piece. My cock is around six inches, uncut, and somewhat thick. His, however, was simply amazing.

I looked over at him and saw his eyes directed at my cock, making me harder than before. I began wanking myself slowly while contemplating what to do next. Out of a sudden burst of impulse, I reached over and stroked his cock for him before wrapping my mouth around the head of his cock. I began to suck him, tasting his cock and feeling weak at the knees. I started to lick up and down the length of his cock and started to lick his balls. His moans were making me hornier and hornier, I stood up, stepped out of my shorts and removed my shirt, before walking into his bedroom.

I lay down on all fours, eyeing him up as he came into the room. Before he approached me he walked over to his dresser and pulled out a tube of lube, an indication of what was to come. He walked back over to me and I shoved his cock back into my mouth, continuing to suck him as he unscrewed the lid of the lubricant. He slowly spread the lube across his fingers before rubbing them over my tight hole, slowly inserting one finger, and then two into my arse. He slowly began to finger me as I sucked him, calling me a 'good boy' and a 'little slut', making me want him inside of me even more.

I turned around, arched my back, and somewhat wiggled my arse. I wanted him to fuck me, I wanted him to fuck me hard like the cockslut I am. He spat into my hole for extra lubrication and slowly slid the first few inches of his cock into my arsehole, making me moan and shake with pleasure.'Oh, fuck, Tommy,' I cried - just like the whore I am. He thrusted slowly at first, picking up speed and fucking me harder than before. He got up onto the bed with me and pushed from my hands and knees onto my stomach, eventually climbing on top of me and using his weight to fuck me harder. It wasn't long before I came the hardest I've ever came in my life, drenching the spot underneath me with my cum. 'Clean that hot mess up, son,' said Tommy. Moaning into the mattress, I licked up my warm cum whileTommy rode my arse harder and faster. Before long, he eventually shot his thick, hot load into my arsehole, grunting and moaning - all the while calling me a whore and his 'little bitch'. He pulled out and waved his still hard cock in front of my face, which I happily cleaned with my mouth.

He helped me up and I got dressed, still with his hot cum dripping from my arse. Before I left, I added the video we watched to his favourites and gave his cock one last squeeze. Winking at him, I thanked him and left the house, smiling and ultimately walking like I'd just had the best fuck of my life... Which I had.

I still have two months at home... Maybe I'll spend the night at Tommy's.