 Back in the early 80's I lived in the Chicago suburbs near O'Hare. West of O'Hare were the Busse Woods. It was very cruise in those days and one of my favorite places to go to for anonymous cock.

I was in my late 20's, 6' 3", 170, blue eyes and a swimmers build and a great bubble butt. My light brown hair was a bit shaggy per the time.

My favorite attire when going to cruise the woods was going commando in a pair of very short cut-offs (daisy dukes). My 8" cock would peek out the bottom as I walked around the gay section of the woods. 

With my tank top off and tucked into the side of my shorts and flip flops on my feet, I made it fairly clear what I was looking for. Now I was a fairly masculine type of guy, I just made it very clear that I liked men and their cocks. 

One afternoon I was walking out in the middle of an open field and saw this hot looking older man, maybe late 30's, walking towards me from the direction of the woods that I was headed to. 

As I walked up to him I smiled and said "Hi." I could not miss the very large bulge in his jeans and slightly licked my lips. Since he was coming from the woods I figured that he had gotten what he came for and was leaving.

He gave me a good looking over and said "those shorts of yours leave very little to one's imagination." As he walked around me he gave my butt a smack "nice ass".

He came back in front of me and I asked "are you leaving or would you like to move back into the woods?" 

I had a bit of a shocked smile when he said "No, I'm going to fuck you right here in the open field." 

He said "You don't look the type that cares who's watching you take cock." I started to walk by him towards the woods when he just grabbed my arm with "I said I'm going to fuck you here in the middle of the field for anyone to watch."

He grabbed the button of my shorts, unzipped me and pushed my shorts half way down my legs. As I pushed his hands away and said "Get your hands off me" and went to pull my shorts back up when he just grabbed my shoulders and pushed me to the ground.

He pulled open his jeans and suddenly this big, thick, hooded python was in my face and getting bigger by the second. I was lost in the sight and scent of this hardening uncut cock and heard him say "suck it."

I reached up and wrapped my hand around the incredible thickness and leaned in and sucked and nibbled on the foreskin as I heard "now that's a good cock sucker."

Then "god damn" was all I heard and I thought he was going to cum right then and there as I opened wide and swallowed his cock to the root. I guessed him to be about 9" and I was a fairly accomplished cocksucker. I smiled to myself at his surprise.

I slurped, sucked and spit lubed that cock for what I knew was coming soon. "God damn" again came from him as he reached down and pulled me to my feet and turned me around. 

He laughed as he started to put pressure on my back to bend me over and I was already moving into position. I could see a small crowd starting to gather at the edge of the woods as he rubbed that monster cock up my ass crack and then just pushed in to the hilt.

My eyes rolled back and I thought I saw stars as he pulled back out and then shoved back into my now stretched hole. I thought I heard an audible gasp from the group watching from the woods.

"Damn, that's a fucking hot and tight ass man" as he turned me slightly to the side so that the guys looking on could get an unobstructed view of me taking his huge cock.

By this point I was just babbling and drooling as my hard cock was dripping pre cum all over the ground. I grabbed my cock and started jacking as he slammed in and out of my now open hole.

I screamed "I'm cuming..oh fuck I'm cuming...fuck me...god damn fuck me" and I blew my load all over the ground. I heard "oh fuck" as my spasming hole clamped down around that glorious cock. 

With one last deep thrust he proceeded to fill my fuck chute to overflowing with a huge load of cum.

As he slowly pulled out and I stood up we heard a huge round of applause along with hoots and hollers from the group of men satisfied with the performance we just gave them. 

He pulled up his jeans and turned to walk off to his car and I just stepped out of my cutoffs and grabbed them and my tank and started walking totally naked to where the group of men were by the woods edge.