 I smiled as I walked naked, in only flip-flops and shades, carrying my shorts and tank through the gathered group of horny men. I was still getting the applause and a few were rubbing and slapping my bare ass. Some were still jacking their hard cocks.

I continued down a trail into the thicker part of the woods where a small pond was and turned to see a several of the men following close behind. As I walked to the ponds edge I just kicked off the flip-flops and walked into the water.

Being an exhibitionist I made a bit of a show of bending over and washing the cum from my recently fucked ass and hole. I turned to leave the pond and three men were already nude and sporting some impressive erections. 

Walking over to where I had left my cloths I simply got down on my knees as the naked three approached hard-ons leading the way. I decided that there was no sense in being shy or coy after what they all had witnessed.

One was like a hairy Marlboro Man, 40ish, and brought his big uncut cock right up to my lips. I licked and tasted the head, swirling my tongue up and under the foreskin and then swallowed it to the bush as I heard "Fuuucck!"

Out of the corner of my eye I saw a tall skinny kid, about 22, with a long cut cock walk up behind me and push that that rod right up my ass to his pubes. He said to no one in particular "yeah, no lube needed, this slut's hole is still full of the last load."

As the third naked man approached I simply alternated between sucking the Marlboro Man and this new thick cut cock with a pair of big low-hanging balls.

Again a small group of voyeur's began to gather and jack their cocks getting off on watching me take on three cocks at once. The third man that I was sucking must of been very turned on because he was soon cussing and shoving his rigid pole all the way down my throat.

All I heard was "god damn" and my throat was suddenly be filled with his hot load. This seem to be enough for 22 year old 'long cock' and he slammed my ass and proceeded to unload his cum to join the other load in my used ass.

Marlboro Man just grabbed my head and pulled me back on and down his uncut fuck pole and just fucked my mouth and throat. "Damn, you're a great cock sucker" were the first words I had heard him speak.

To the side I could see a very large erection coming my way that looked to be about 8 inches or so cut and thick. I could not see who it was attached to as he moved behind me and swirled the cock head around my open and cummy hole. 

"I've wanted to fuck this ass for some time now" was the words I heard as he slid that fat long cock up my slimy chute. 'No, it couldn't be' I thought as the voice sounded somewhat familiar and I just concentrated on the cock I was sucking and the incredible feeling that big cock was giving my hole.

It seemed as though the group of on-lookers was diminishing and maybe going off to fuck and suck each other. I guess they all figured that the two huge cocks I now enjoyed and the fucking I received in the open field may have rendered my hole too loose and open.

"Let's switch holes, I want a piece of the hot ass" Marlboro stated and they both pulled out with loud and sloppy sounds echoing in the woods. Marlboro came around back and just shoved his uncut pole up into my hole and started fucking.

"Suck my cock clean of all that ass cum you cock whore." That voice again? I stared at his cummy cock and slowly looked up his hairy chest an into his eyes. My achingly hard cock spasmed and I shot my load all over the ground.

I had just been royally fucked by and was now going to suck the ass-cum coated cock of Mr. Ellis; a neighbor and friend of my families since as long as I could remember.

He just smiled this wicked smile and said "suck it cocksucker." I just opened my mouth and swallowed that cock until my nose was in his musty pubic hair. I was again getting impaled at both ends and still I was hard as a rock even after just blowing a load all over the ground.

I was totally into the royal spit-roasting I was receiving by these two hung daddies when Marlboro yelled "I'm fucking cumming...oh shit I'm fucking cumming!" 

That seemed to bring Mr. Ellis over the edge as he said "cocksucker, I'm fixing to till your throat with my juice." 

"Drink it all you fucking cum whore...oh god...oh god."

My throat and ass channel were being filled to overflowing with both hot daddies cum loads. They pumped and shot and pumped and shot...cum was dripping from the sides of my mouth and I could feel the overflow of cum in my ass running down my legs.

The men pulled out at the same time with a very audible pop and slurp echoing in the woods signaling to all that the my through fucking was now over. I rolled over on my back and jacked my hard cock to orgasm as I looked up to see their huge cock slowing deflating.

"You'll be hearing from me" was all I heard Mr. Ellis say as both men put their cocks back into their pants and walked away leaving my laying totally nude and dripping in cum.

I rose on shaky legs and stumbled back into the lake to rinse off a bit before returning and slipping back into my cutoffs and flip-flops. I walked out of the woods to cat calls coming from all directions regarding my slutty expertise in taking cock.

As I got to my car I saw Mr. Ellis pull away and give me the thumbs up as he drove off.