 As a forty year old single father I had gotten used to a quiet life. Everyday went the same way, like clockwork. I woke up at 7 am, took my morning shower, got dressed, cooked breakfast, got my son ready for school, worked my 9-5 office job, cooked dinner and was in bed by 10 pm most nights. I absolutely never expected that I would be sitting up at 3am on a Sunday morning in my underwear and getting wasted with my eighteen year old son's best friend, especially since this was meant to be my son's party.

I had been surprised at how quickly James had made friends at his new school. In fact when my boss first told me that I would be transferred to Los Angeles my biggest concern was how my son would handle life at a new school. He had always been a shy boy and was far from popular at his old school, and his mother's death six years ago had made him retreat even further into his shell. 

But when he began attending Hester High School at the start of the year he was convinced by his drama teacher to join the school's drama group, where his talent apparently caused his popularity to sky rocket. In less than a week he had become exceptionally close with two of his fellow drama nerds, an obviously gay Latino kid named Danny Rodriguez and an incredibly pretty Asian girl named Erica Lee. All three of them were eighteen and in their final year of high school. Ever since they met it seemed that the three were inseparable and, a few months later, it became apparent that James and Erica were now a couple. 

Earlier this evening I had gone to see the three of them in their school's production of 'Beauty and the Beast' (Not to brag or anything but James had been cast as the Beast). After the show had finished I met James to congratulate him on the success of the show and give him a lift home but was surprised when he asked if he could invite the rest of the cast back to our house for the after party. Having met most of his drama friends I knew that they were a good group of kids and gave him permission to host the party. I decided that I would let the kids have their fun while I would stay in my room and binge watch 'Friends' on Netflix. 

I must have dozed off because I woke up at 2:30 am and immediately noticed that the music was no longer blaring and I couldn't hear anyone moving around. Finding myself with a strange craving for practically anything edible I made my way down to the kitchen. I turned on the light and jumped slightly when I saw a figure sitting at the table, one hand wrapped around a beer bottle and the other holding a slice of pizza.

"Hey, Mr. Smith," Danny said, flashing a smile in my direction and clearly quite drunk. "Sorry if I startled you."

"It's fine, Danny. I just didn't realise anyone was still here." I replied, standing in the doorway.

"Well, everyone apart from me and Erica left about half an hour ago," Danny replied "But I got the feeling that she and James wanted some alone time so I thought I might as well get something to eat. I hope you don't mind."

"No, not at all," I said, "Actually, do you mind if I join you?"

"Not at all," Danny said, still smiling.

I grabbed a bottle of beer from the fridge, twisted off the cap, sat down across from Danny and grabbed a slice of pizza from the box in the middle of the table. Danny and I spent the next half hour or so making small talk before I noticed that Danny looked somewhat tense, as if he was preparing himself to do something. I mostly asked him questions about the show and rehearsals but he slowly began to turn the conversation towards mine and James's life before we moved here. I must have went through quite a few beers because before I knew it I could feel the buzz of intoxication set in. 

"So, Mr. Smith," Danny said, sitting up slightly straighter in his chair, "I hope this doesn't sound too forward but... is it true what they say about you?"

"What they say about me?" I asked, slightly confused.

"Yeah. That you're... you know... bisexual?" Danny asked, his cheeks turning redder by the second.

"Oh," I replied, certainly not expecting that question "Yeah, it's true."

"Wow," Danny said, looking surprised, "Did your wife know?"

"Yes, she was bisexual too actually," I replied casually.

"Really?" Danny asked, looking even more surprised "Does James know about you guys?"

"Yeah, we were never ashamed of it or anything," I said, before taking another swig of beer.

"Wow," Danny continued "I hope you don't mind me asking but... did you guys ever try... like, swinging?"

"Oh yeah," I replied, extracting another shocked look from Danny "We used back when we were first married, but after we had James we kind of stopped and tried to settle into a more traditional kind of lifestyle. Although we still did it every now and again."

"Oh, my God," Danny said to himself in disbelief "You know that's... kind of hot."

Suddenly, Danny stood up and slowly walked towards me.

"So, have you thought about getting yourself back out there?" He said, as he stood next to the chair I was sitting in.

"Like dating again? Or even just..." He slowly got down on his knees until he was at eye level with me, his face inches from mine he placed his hand on my thigh "...Sex?"

He slowly began to inch his face towards my own, his eyes closing as his lips got closer to mine.

"Woah," I said, placing a hand on Danny's chest and moving back slightly, "I really don't think we should be doing this."

"Oh come on, Mr. Smith," Danny said in a soft, sing-songy voice "I could tell you were into me ever since we met. You think I've never noticed you staring at my ass everytime I walked past you?"

I began to blush as he said this. I always thought I was being discrete whenever I checked someone out but apparently I was not.

"Plus, even if you hadn't been so obvious, I think that raging boner you're sporting right now would give you away."

I looked down at my crotch and sure enough all eight inches of my dick were standing to attention, pitching a tent in my boxer shorts. 

"Come on, Mr. Smith," Danny said, reaching down his hand so that he could rub my hard cock through the fabric of my underwear causing me to unwillingly release a moan "I think you're hot as fuck, you're obviously into me. What's the harm in having some fun together?"

Before I could respond he went in for a kiss and began to passionately make out with me, his tongue probing my mouth while his hand began to slide up and down my cock. Let me tell you, as a single dad working a full time job I did not have enough time for dating or even sex, so in this moment I was in fucking heaven. I gave in and began to kiss him back with just as much force, relishing the feeling of his hand working my cock. Just as Danny went to take off my underwear I gently pushed him off.

"No, not here," I said looking at his hot, flushed face, "Let's do it up in my room."

A massive smile spread over his face as I took his hand and lead him through the hallway and up the stairs to my room. I locked the door behind me and turned around to see that Danny had already managed to strip off and he was now standing in front of me, showing off his toned twink body and stroking his erect cock, which must have been around five inches.

"Wow," I said, admiring both his hot body and his impressive derobing skills "That's impressive."

"Well, you've gotta learn how to do a quick change if you wanna be a real drama nerd," He said with a smile on his face.

He quickly walked over to me and got down on his knees in front of me, his face on level with my dick. He wasted absolutely no time pulling my boxers down, freeing my cock. He smiled and bit his lower lip as he grabbed my cock and gave it a few slow jerks.

"Fuck yeah," he said, arousal clear in his voice, "Now this is a cock I can enjoy."

He continued to jerk it while at the same time jerking his own dick, before he opened his mouth and began to lick the shaft almost experimentally. I bit my lip and tried to suppress a moan as he repeatedly licked his way up and down the length of my penis. He then took the head into his mouth and began to circle his tongue around it, which felt so good that I couldn't stop a moan from escaping my lips. Finally, after a few minutes of teasing my dick with his tongue, he began to work his way down my cock each time taking a little more of it into his mouth until he was all the way down to the base. I couldn't contain my excitement at what was the first example of sexual contact I'd had in at least two years and, without even realizing what I was doing, I grabbed the back of his head and began to thrust into his warm, wet mouth. Soon enough I was all out face fucking the younger man who was jerking off his own dick as he struggled to take all of my cock down his throat, continually gagging and choking on it. Finally, after several minutes of this, I decided that I had to slow down to stop myself from cumming too early. Danny let out a gasp as I withdrew my cock from his mouth, several strings of saliva stretched out between my penis and his lips. 

"I want you to fuck me," he said gazing up at me, his eyes filled with lust.

A wicked grin spread across my face as I stared down at this seriously hot young twink who was practically begging me to fuck his ass.

"Get on the bed with your ass up in the air," I said, putting as much authority into my voice as I could.

Danny didn't waste any time and quickly scrambled onto the bed, propping his ass up into the air as he grabbed a pillow and practically shoved his face into it. I walked up to the bed and got onto my knees so that my face was level with Danny's ass. I put a hand on each of his ass cheeks and spread them apart, exposing his hole to the world. I leaned in and Danny moaned as he felt my warm breath on his exposed hole. I smiled at the younger man's obvious arousal and lifted my right, bringing it down hard on Danny's right ass cheek. He let out a surprised yelp although this slowly turned into a muffled moan as he bit the pillow his face was currently buried in. 

"Yeah, you like that?" I asked, a smile still plastered across my face.

"Oh, fuck yeah," Danny replied, his voice still muffled by the pillow.

I gave his ass a few more experimental slaps, each one eliciting another lust filled moan from Danny. Then, when his ass had turned a delightful shade of red I decided to get to work on his hole. I spread his tender cheeks and stuck out my tongue, beginning to slowly probe Danny's hole. He let out another moan before I quickly smacked his ass again, causing him to let out another surprised yelp. At some point I reached into the night stand and pulled out a bottle of lube and began to coat my fingers with it. I then withdrew my tongue from Danny's asshole and replaced it with a finger and began to slowly work his hole, causing him to moan even more than before. It didn't take long until two fingers were probing his hole, and then three fingers were submerged in his ass, which then became four fingers. Eventually, after what must have been half an hour of working his hole Danny spoke again.

"Oh, my fucking God," He said in a breathless moan flipping over onto his back "I can't take it anymore. I need you to fuck me."

My smile widened as I took in the sight of this hot little twink, breathless and desperate for my cock. I took the bottle of lube again and began to coat my cock with it. Happy with the amount of lube coating my dick, I got onto the bed and took one of Danny's legs in each hand, placing his feet on my shoulders. I then leaned forward so that his legs were pressed almost flush against his chest and I had better access to his hole. 

"Are you ready for this?" I asked, looking deep into his eyes.

"Fuck yeah," Danny said, his smile widening.

I smiled once again as I grabbed my cock and began to slowly ease it into Danny's ass. We both let out a long moan as my dick slid slowly into the tightness of Danny's ass and I could feel Danny grip my arms as he got used to the feeling of my dick inside of him. 

"Is that okay?" I asked.

"Yeah," Danny replied, sounding a bit breathless "Just keep going."

I began to thrust into Danny's ass, slowly at first and not yet putting all eight inches into his ass, although it was difficult to control myself as Danny's ass was just to hot and tight. When I thought Danny had gotten used to the feel of my cock I pulled out slowly so that only the head remained in his ass before slowly pushing the entire length of my cock into his tight hole.

"Ohhh... Oh fuck yeah!" Danny moaned as he felt the entirety of my cock filling his ass "Oh God fuck me, Mr. Smith. I need you to fuck me harder."

Hearing Danny beg me to fuck him did things to me that I couldn't describe. I went in for a kiss and we made out passionately, our tongues exploring each other's mouths as I picked up my speed and began to thrust harder and faster into his ass. I could feel Danny let out a moan as my cock continued to pummel his prostate. As we continued to kiss, I reached one hand down and grabbed Danny's dick. He broke the kiss and let out a strangled moan as I began to pump his dick. 

"Oh God, Mr. Smith," Danny moaned "Oh fuck!"

Hearing Danny's moaned turned me on even more and I couldn't help myself as I increasingly fucked him harder and faster, which in turn caused him to moan and whimper even more. Danny grabbed my back even harder and I could feel his finger clawing at my back as I continued to fuck his ass and trailed kisses down his neck and chest. After a long time Danny spoke again.

"Oh fuck, Mr. Smith, you're gonna make me cum!" He exclaimed loudly in a breathless moan.

"Oh yeah, cum for me, Danny," I grunted as I continued to pummel his ass and jerk his cock.

"Oh! Ohhhh! OH FUCK YEAH!" Danny shouted as his dick began to erupt a geyser of cum onto his toned stomach. Rope after rope of sticky white cum shot onto his stomach, so much so that for a moment I thought it would never stop. I noticed that some of his cum had landed on my hand and I lifted it up to Danny's mouth, forcing him to lick my fingers clean of his cum, which he did eagerly. Once he had cleaned my hand, I scooped up the cum that had landed on his stomach and he continued to happily lick the cum off of my hand, making sure that he sucked each of my fingers clean. I stopped thrusting for a moment as Danny pulled me into another long passionate kiss but the taste of his own cum on his lips turned me on more than I can describe and I soon began to fuck him with the same wild abandon that I had earlier. It didn't take long before I felt a blissful tug in my groin and knew that my own orgasm was coming.

"Oh fuck, Danny, your tight ass is gonna make me cum," I moaned.

"Fuck yeah, Mr. Smith," Danny moaned once again, still looking as horny as ever "I want you to cum on my face."

The idea of this hot little twink's face covered in my cum almost sent me over the edge and I quickly pulled out of Danny's ass and got off the bed, pumping my cock and pulled Danny off of the bed by his hair, making sure that he was on his knees in front of me. Danny opened his mouth and gave my cock head a few licks as I continued to jerk it, aiding me in reaching my orgasm. 

"Oh fuck, Danny! Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum!" I shouted, feeling my orgasm reach its peak.

Danny closed his eyes and opened his mouth wide, sticking out his tongue so that he could catch as much cum as he possibly could. 

"OH FUUUUUUCK!" I yelled as I came, my cock shooting my load all over Danny's face. Surprisingly, I seemed to shoot even more cum than Danny had, which I guess made sense considering my near two years without sex, and soon his face and tongue were absolutely covered in my jizz, to the point where I could hardly see any of his face. As my orgasm came to an end, I saw him swallow the cum that had landed on his tongue before he took my cock back into his mouth, cleaning it of the jizz that still remained on it. I let out a broken moan as the feel of him sucking my sensitive cock head was almost too much to handle. I took my cock out of his mouth and used it to scoop up the cum that coated his face before putting it back in his eager mouth, feeding him all of the cum from my earlier orgasm. When I saw that his face was completely clean I pulled Danny up to his feet and kissed him once again, this time much more sensually and tender than before.

"You know," Danny said, breaking the kiss "I think we should make this a regular thing."

"I absolutely agree," I said back.

We both smiled wickedly and went in for another quick kiss before Danny got changed and decided that he was gonna crash on the couch. After all, James might get a little suspicious if he found his dad and his best friend sleeping in the same bed. That night, I fell asleep in a matter of seconds, feeling more satisfied than I had in eight years.