 I recently joined this site and this is my first attempt at erotica please be very kind with your ratings and comments. I am aware it is not perfect but I am very much open to any constructive criticism.

*****

This was it; the feeling of utter euphoria Ryan stared at me with that look tempting me to do the unspeakable things to him. Suddenly, he pressed his lips forcefully unto my lips I was so taken back that I could scarcely react. 

The room seemed to be spinning the kiss felt so wrong, dirty and yet so very right as Ryan deepened the kiss I could feel myself getting impossibly hard. Ryan smirked into the kiss as he discovered my arousal and pressed his hardened manhood against mine. I could only respond by kissing him harder and letting out a loud moan. This was it, I could finally admit that I really, truly and undoubtedly wanted him inside me. 

"Ugh Ryan put it...put it in me please!" I begged him as I felt my rod begging me for immediate release.

He nodded understandingly, pulled away from the kiss and began to strip. At the same time I fumbled around with my belt, eager to just feel his seven inch cock pummelling my ass. Before I knew it he was completely naked and ready to defile me whilst me being my usual slow self still could not remove my belt. 

"Let me help you with that." He said in the calmest manner and took off all my clothes, he smiled at my nipple piercing and quickly placed his tongue on my right nipple.

"Oh Ryan don't stop! Lick me Ryan, lick me!" I found myself yelling at the top of my lungs I was certain that my roommate could hear us but I certainly didn't care I wanted the entire world to know how this man could make me feel. 

He played with my other nipple piercing, moved his hand down to my cock and began stroking it roughly my head rolled back and my entire body filled with ecstasy as I never wanted him to stop. Unfortunately, he did just as I was about cum, I sighed in frustration and opened my mouth to protest but was silenced by his finger on my lips.

"You cum when I want you to cum!" He scolded roughly but it just drove me closer to the edge and I could feel the pre-cum seeping out through my cock. I needed to cum; desperately. 

Ryan got behind me and I could hear him lubing up his cock, he pushed into my hole but stopped just at the entrance, making me even more frustrated.

"I want to hear you say it? What do you want me to do?" He breathed into my ear. I did n't think he could make me any hornier but he did; Ryan knew just how to drive me crazy.

"Put it in me?" I fumbled upon.

"Put what in you?" He whispered, surely I would die from holding in my cum this long.

"Please put your big cock in my asshole and fuck my brains out, Ryan." I could practically feel his lips forming his signature cocky grin behind me but that was not the only thing I felt as Ryan did not ease his cock into my ass but forced it in making me to launch face forward onto my pillow. 

"Uhh!" I grunted at his strength. He then began pummelling my hole without any mercy and what seemed to be no intention of stopping.

"Yes!! Fuck me! Fuck my ass!" I screamed, I knew I would cum soon from the vigour of his thrusts. His cock felt so big in my small hole, it made me feel like I was going to explode from fullness and with each rough thrust it felt as though he became even bigger.

"Take it Landon take my hot creamy cum in you ass." I could feel him, he was going to cum, and hard too.

"Give it to me babe; give me your hot cum! I need it Ryan! Give it to me!" I screamed drowning out the slapping of our sweaty bodies as we fucked without a care in the world.

"I'm gonna cum Landon. Cum with me Landon, Take it in your ass." Ryan's thrusts became harder and needier and I too was soon pushing my ass back to meet him.

Shortly after Ryan's cock exploded in my ass and I could feel his sticky hot juice filling me so much that some seeped out of my ass. A few moments later my cock also exploded and my stringy white cum spewed onto the green sheets, making a big mess for me to clean up later. 

"That was amazing." I remarked exhausted and content as I met Ryan's pink lips for a kiss. As we locked lips I could feel Ryan hardening again inside me and I smirked.

"You really can't get enough, can you," I teased, "But not in my ass again babe I'm sore. Let me take care of that for you." 

I removed myself from behind him and lay down in front his massive boner, staring in awe at how quickly he became hard again. I opened my lips and began to slowly kiss his rod enjoying the familiar feeling of his cock. As I began to suck softly on his cock Ryan moaned loudly the sound of his sexy moan sent shivers down my spine and a tingly feeling down my cock; I too was hard again. I continued to suck his cock taking more until I was deep throating him. I could feel his hands running through my chestnut hair, gripping and tugging at it in the process. 

"Yes Landon suck my cock! Take my cock in your slutty little mouth." His words just made me even harder. Ryan began face fucking me and I knew he was about to cum and then I had a dirty thought that only a true slut like myself would enjoy. I released my grip on Ryan's hard cock.

"Don't cum in my mouth, cum on my face Ryan use me like the slut you know I am." He obeyed and aimed his cock at my face and squirted his yummy milk all over my cheeks hair and lips some even fell on my tongue I swallowed loving his salty manly cum in my mouth.

Ryan recovered and used his big hand to pump my cock for all it was worth. My eyes rolled back and I enjoyed the sensation of his hands on me I came quickly in spasms, my cum flied everywhere soiling the only parts of my sheet that were actually somewhat clean. He removed his hand leaving me writhing on the bed in ecstasy and began to put back on his clothes. I frown knowing that he has to leave now.

"Couldn't you just stay a little while, you make me feel cheap every time you fuck me and leave immediately after." He shakes his head and keeps putting on his clothes.

"Please? Big brother, please cuddle with me?" I ask with a pouty face. Ryan now fully dressed in a white shirt and jeans looks at me with soft brown eyes.

"Fine, ugh, the things I do for you." He mummers and climbs under the covers with me.

"Are you going to fuck Stacy when you get home?" I ask innocently.

"I don't know Landon. Why do you care anyway?" He questions annoyed.

"Because... I want you to have sex with my big sister and fantasise fucking her brother." I say nonchalantly.

"I know that I fuck you because I love you, but do you fuck me because I'm married to your sister and you just want to screw her over?" he asks, I can hear the hurt in his voice.

"Ryan if I wanted to screw over my sister I could have found a million other ways to do it. Trust me; I fuck you because I love you. Do you think that I just give my ass to every guy I meet?" He chuckles and snuggles close to me I can feel him breathing on me.

"Alright, alright. Go to sleep so I can go home to my wife." He says whilst kissing my forehead, I close my eyes and inhale his Kenneth Cole vintage black.

"I can't sleep," I murmur, "the sheets are too sticky. Help me change them." I say releasing myself from his hold.

"Nope, I'm good, I think I should go home." He says rising up but I pull him back down sit on top of him.

"No, you will help me clean the sheets and the mess that you helped to make, pretty boy." 

"Fine." He grumbles and makes the most adorable annoyed face I lean forward and plant a gentle kiss on his lips.

"I love you Ryan." 

"I love you more Landon."