 Chapter 1: Chance Meeting in the Bathroom

University is known as being a time for sexual awakenings and experimentation. It is often the time when people have their first sexual experience, or, when people try out various sexual acts and fantasies to determine what gets them off. Now I personally spent a lot of time in university, 7 years to be exact, going through both the regular four year degree stream and three years of graduate school. However, as you will know from a previous story, I didn't have my first sexual experience until I was well into graduate school. That first time opened up the flood gates of sexual exploration for me, and what is to follow, is one exciting event that happened to me.

After losing my virginity is seemed that my horniness only increased. I would constantly feel the need to rub one out and, after having my ass filled, I always longed for the feeling of another rock hard cock in me again. I went back to my old stomping grounds, the online hookup apps, but nothing really sparked my interest. Therefore, to satisfy myself, I relied on my 6 inch ribbed dildo like I had before I had experienced cock for the first time. It did the job, but I was always left wanting more, always left feeling like there wasn't enough excitement. In order to combat this, I had the great idea to push the boundaries and become riskier with my exploits. Little did I know that that one idea would lead to a torrid affair with one of my university professors.

But before I get too far ahead of myself, we have to go back to the beginning, back to when I had to first determine what qualified as "risky" to me. One idea that I had always thought was risky, and that got me excited, was playing in public/ outdoors. Once again, when I thought about it in this context, I got extremely excited and horny. Therefore, I decided that a pretty risky place to do it would be in one of the public bathrooms at my school, and once I had decided on a location, I began to prepare myself. I went through the shaving and cleaning process and packed my bag with my dildo and lube. When I was all prepared, I left my house and set off on the short walk to the school.

On the way there I thought about the locations I could do it in, there weren't that many bathrooms in the building I was in so options were quite limited. I quickly decided to use the bathroom used by the male students as the thought of one of my male classmates catching me really excited me. However, upon arriving at the school those hopes were dashed when there was a group of students studying in the seating area nearby. The potential of getting caught excited me, but the awkwardness of people wondering why you spent over an hour in the bathroom did not. Therefore, I switched course and proceeded to the faculty washroom upstairs. It was after school so I knew the chances of getting caught were lower up there, but it was still ever present.

When I arrived, I proceeded to the furthest stall, sat down my bag, and emptied its contents. I then stripped off all my clothes revealing my sexy 26 year old body. I was 5 feet, 10 inches tall, 135 pounds, with a toned chest and arms, and slightly visible abs. My cock is 6.5 inches long and at least 3 inches thick, and my tight, smooth, round bubble butt was to die for. Once all that was done, it was now time to have some fun.

I proceeded to quickly lube up my dildo and began fingering my ass with my lubed finger. Instantly the pleasure was increased from anything I had felt before and my horniness grew and grew. After a quick fingering session I was more than ready to go and with that I got down on my knees and slid my dildo inside until it bottomed out. I started to slowly lift myself up and down on the shaft, but since I had chosen to remain inside the stall, there wasn't much room to maneuver. Therefore, I decided to go all in. I reached up, slid the latch on the stall door, and swung it open. Once open, I relocated to the middle of the bathroom.

I was now in the middle of the bathroom, completely exposed. I knew that the entrance was unlocked and that fact alone excited me. Now in my new location, I reinserted my dildo and began bouncing vigorously on it. No longer constrained by the stall, and hornier than ever before, I pounded my dildo deep in my ass. Amongst the silence of the bathroom I could hear two things: 1. My soft moans produced by the pleasure I was experiencing; and 2. The base of my dildo going *tap, tap, tap* against the tile floor. I moved around the bathroom, attempting to get the most out of the experience. I bounced on my dildo in amongst the urinals, I bounced on it over by the sink, and I eventually ended up at a wall in between the stalls and the urinals where I could put my arms against it and really slam my ass down on top of my dildo. It was here that I really started getting comfortable, and with that my pace quickened. I began bouncing on my dildo faster and faster, the base slamming against my hole as I bottomed out. The faster I went the louder and louder my moans grew. I was so lost in the pleasure I was experiencing I didn't even realize how loud I was getting. That was, of course, until in between one of my loud moans I heard the sound of someone clearing their throat.

Surprised at first by the sound that I had heard, I slammed my ass down once more on my dildo, bottoming out, and stayed motionless listening to hear if I heard any more sounds. After a few moments of silence I again heard the sound of a clearing throat, and this time it was accompanied by the sound on bare feet walking on the tile floor behind me. A wave of nervousness and excitement came over me... I had been caught!

I was nervous about what the mysterious person's reaction was going to be to what they had just come upon, but also excited at the possibilities that presented themselves. In order to not appear too excited, I nervously began to turn around to find out who the mysterious guest was. Needless to say, I was not expecting, nor prepared, for what I saw when I turned around. There behind me was my 6 foot tall, 180 pound, 40 year old black professor, stark naked. Blake, which was his first name, stood there proudly with his athletic, chiseled body, and monstrous 9 inch cock standing straight at attention. My eyes got wide at the sight in front of me, and Blake looked down to me on my knees and asked, "were you having fun?" I nodded nervously 'yes' as I wondered to myself what a married man with children was doing here and what was about to happen.

Blake began stroking his cock as he looked me over and asked, "why did you choose here?" I told him, "I wanted to be risky" which brought a growing smile to his face. He asked me, "do you want to be a little more risky?" and now with a giant smile across my face, I enthusiastically nodded 'yes'. He told me "good" as he curled his index finger directing me towards him.

I proceeded to get on my hands and knees, with my dildo still buried in my ass, and crawled over to where Blake was waiting for me. When I was right in front of him I sat back down with his cock hovering above my head. Blake continued to stroke his cock and occasionally would tap its head against my forehead. I could tell he was getting excited as every time he tapped his cock against my forehead, I could feel the pre-cum dripping from it. Eventually he looked at me and said, "now it's time you pleased me," which I responded to by reaching up and wrapping my hand around his enormous shaft. As I began to stroke Blake's cock I asked, "did you lock the door when you came in?" His response was simple, "did you?" which clearly told me he did not. 

With the chance of getting caught still present, my excitement rose, and with that I slipped Blake's monster cock into my mouth. I began sucking on his enormous length, taking a bit more into my mouth each time I plunged down upon it, until I could feel the head of his cock deep in my throat. At the same time I began bouncing on my dildo again and as my moans returned from the pleasure I was experiencing, my lips vibrated against Blake's cock. 

Blake too was getting very excited and into the moment. I could feel his cock grow and grow in my mouth and eventually he began to face fuck me. I felt his hand on the back of my head and as he began to thrust his hips back-and-forth, he pushed my head down into him ensuring that I got all of his cock. And did I ever get all of his cock. No longer was I feeling his head in my throat, I could feel part of his shaft sliding down the back of my throat as well. 

I could tell Blake was enjoying fucking my mouth by the moans and groans that he was giving off. And he could tell that I was enjoying myself by how hard and fast I was bouncing on my dildo. Eventually Blake let up on face fucking me and I took the opportunity to slide him out of my mouth and suck on his balls. I could tell that he really enjoyed this as he kept say, "yes baby" and "suck those balls like the slut you are." To my surprise, I had been sucking on Blake for over 20 minutes and there was no sign of us getting caught again. In my mind, I immediately thought that Blake may try and take this further.

No sooner did I think that, and Blake slipped his balls from my mouth and told me, "I'm going to go get something. Keep warming up that hole with your dildo and I'll be right back." I looked at this naked man heading for the door and responded, "like that?" Blake just winked at me and said, "I like to be risky too," and he walked out of the bathroom. He was gone for about two minutes and while he was I did what I was told and continued bouncing on my dildo. When Blake returned, it was clear what his intentions were and clear what was about to happen next. He reentered the bathroom with his cock still at full mast, but this time, it was wrapped in a condom... It was clear Blake was ready to go and so was I.

Looking at Blake's condom wrapped cock brought a smile to my face and I said, "looks like someone's ready." He smiled back and said, "I think we both are." I told him, "I have some lube in the stall" and he proceeded into the stall and began lubing up his cock. With his cock lubed up, Blake looked out at me, still bouncing on my dildo and said, "get that ass in here now!" I did as I was told, stood up, removed my dildo, and walked into the stall where Blake was waiting. For the first time I was nearly eye level with him and Blake proceeded to lean in and make out with me. With our lips locked and our tongues deep in each other's mouths, I could feel Blake's hands travelling down my body. Eventually they stopped at my ass, one on each cheek, and I began to feel his fingers prying me open. Blake began to spread my ass and slip his fingers into my ass. I counted at least three fingers being inserted and felt Blake picking up a rhythmic motion as he began to finger me. I broke away from our kiss as I began to moan and whispered in his ear, "fuck me; fuck me hard!"

Without hesitation, Blake spun me around and lifted my foot onto the edge of the toilet bowel. I could hear the wet squishing sounds of Blake stroking his cock in preparation for what was about to happen and then felt the distinct feeling of his massive mushroom tip against my entrance. I took a deep breath as I felt Blake begin to slide his cock into me. I wasn't sure if it was going to all fit, but before long I could feel his stomach pressing against my ass. Blake stood there, with his cock buried in my ass, allowing me to get used to the feeling and then began to pump. He pumped slowly at first, but then began to pick it up and thrusted into me hard and fast. I began to moan, louder and louder, as the pleasure began to overtake me. I grabbed onto the stall door to brace myself as the sound of skin slapping together began to fill the bathroom.

I thought for sure the ever growing sound we were making was going to draw some attention to us; but yet we continued uninterrupted. Blake continued to pound my ass hard and began to slap my ass. The sound of *smack* rang throughout the bathroom. Blake was really getting into it now and I could hear him say, "your ass is so tight baby" and "take my big cock slut" over my ever growing moans. It was absolute ecstasy to have this massive man grabbing my hips and slamming his monster cock into me. 

Eventually Blake's pace slowed and I felt his cock slip from my ass. A wave of disappointment overcame me with the emptiness my ass was now feeling, however, I knew it wouldn't last long. No sooner had Blake removed his cock from my ass, he came to the side of me, reached out, and grabbed my cock in his clenched fist. He said, "come with me" and he led me out of the stall and back into the middle of the bathroom by my cock. He ordered me "down on [your] knees" and I complied, positioning myself once again in front of his cock. Once there, Blake again ordered, "suck my cock and taste yourself" and I did as I was told and took his condom wrapped cock into my mouth. The taste of my asshole was delicious and I could feel his pre-cum starting to puddle in the tip of the condom. I told him, "I can feel your juices" and he replied, "there's a lot more where that came from." And with that Blake removed his cock from my mouth and sat down on the floor with his back leaning on the wall between the two urinals.

Blake looked straight ahead at me and said, "ride me bitch!" and I got extremely excited as this was my favourite position. I got into place, with my ass hovering over his cock, and grabbed his cock in my hand and started stroking it. Blake hadn't lost any of his hardness and was still ready to go. I slowly lowered my ass closer and closer to his cock, and when his tip was just touching my hole, I began to rub it against my entrance. It drove him crazy because he just wanted to be deep inside me again. I wanted that too and before long I slide his cock into me again and positioned myself on my knees. I began riding Blake as I had my dildo, only this time it was much, much better.

I started out slowly, grinding my ass against Blake's cock, but then began to pick up the pace. I grabbed the mouth of each urinal in order to hold myself straight up and began to slam my ass down onto Blake's cock. As I did, my cock, with pre-cum beginning to leak out, smacked against his abs. Blake let me take a little control at this point, closing his eyes and cupping my cheeks with his hands as I did all the work. I had no problem with that; I loved pounding myself riding a cock and knew how to do it best. My ass slapped against his thighs with a *slap, slap, slap* and I could hear Blake begin to moan. I knew he was enjoying it and I was in absolute heaven. 

I could feel Blake's balls slap against me every time I slammed down on his cock and noticed how they kept growing and growing and his cum built up. I knew that a big reward awaited me at the end. Eventually Blake started taking control again and now instead of his hand cupping my cheeks, they were now grabbing on tight and spreading my ass wide apart. Blake wanted to make sure I got all of his cock, and I was. Then he started to slap my ass, *smack*, and telling me to, "ride me hard!" I picked up the pace, if I could any more, and Blake moaned, "yes baby." We were fucking like wild animals, and I was shocked that Blake hadn't cum yet.

Soon my pace slowed as I tired, and I went back to grinding my ass slowly on Blake's cock. I leaned down onto his chest and we began to make out again, our tongues getting lost in each other's mouths. When our kiss broke, Blake, through his pants told me to "get up and head towards the sinks." I got to my feet, walked over to the sinks, and started shaking my ass, beckoning Blake to come over. He smiled at me, loving the sight of my ass, and soon he was joining me by the sinks.

When Blake arrived at the sinks I stuck out my ass and was met with a spank, *smack*, and I loved it. Blake then turned me around and lifted me onto the sink, my ass almost falling into the bowl. He started kissing me again while I reached down and stroked his cock. It was clear that the puddle of pre-cum I had noticed before had grown in size and I wondered how big Blake's load was going to be at the end of all this. Then, without warning, Blake lifted my ass up, sitting it down on the edge, and reinserted his cock. I wrapped my legs around his waist as he began fucking me. Blake was in full control and slamming his cock into me harder than he had been doing before. Each time he slammed the length of his cock inside of me, I felt his taught ball sack smack against my cheeks. At the same time my ball sack would smack into his abs and occasionally my cock would fly up as well.

I could tell that Blake was loving it and he eventually showed me how much by grabbing my cock and stroking it. It felt amazing to have his monstrous cock deep in my ass fucking me hard, and to have his hand wrapped firmly around my cock and stroking me. I couldn't get enough of his cock in my ass so I decided to lay back with my head against the mirror, lift my legs over Blake's shoulders, and begin to lift myself up to meet his thrusts. This brought a whole new sensation to Blake and he broke away from stroking my cock and moved to cupping my ass to help lift me up into his cock. His cock felt amazing deep in my ass and was really hitting my prostate in this position. I let him know how much I was enjoying it by keeping my moans going and, in between moans, told him, "stroke my cock again and make me cum." Blake smiled, reached down, and began stroking my cock fast. I knew I wouldn't last long due to the pleasure I was feeling. My moans picked up with the speed of his cock plunging into my ass and his hand around my cock picking up. I was wondering to myself if all of this was going to make Blake cum as well. Before long though, I felt my ass clench around Blake's cock and my ball sack tighten even farther as I began to shoot my huge load all over my stomach and chest. 

Both Blake and I grunted, him because my ass was now choking his cock and me because of my intense orgasm. He then proceeded to lower my legs back down around his waist as he told me to, "hold on tight." I wrapped my legs around Blake's waist as he proceeded to lift me up off of the sink and bounce me on his cock. In the process my load go sandwiched in between us as our bodies pressed together. As Blake continued to bounce me on his cock my cum got rubbed all over our torso and just added to the sweat that was already dripping off of both of us. 

Blake kept bouncing me and while he did, I started kissing and biting his neck. I wanted to drive him wild and given his reaction of bouncing me faster and faster, I felt I was achieving my goal. I then went up to his ear and whispered, "I love your big hard cock in me" and "fuck me like a slut baby." Blake was more than willing, and definitely had the stamina, to keep doing that. We had now been going for over an hour and a half and I was shocked that Blake hadn't nutted yet. I was so excited to see how big his nut was going to be, but at the same time, didn't want Blake to stop fucking me.

Eventually Blake couldn't hold me up any longer and placed my feet back on the floor. He slipped his cock from my ass and I looked again in awe at it standing at attention. Blake saw me staring at it and told me, "suck it slut," which prompted me to get down on my knees. I again clenched his condom wrapped cock in my first and began sliding it back into my mouth. Just like it had tasted earlier, my ass tasted incredible and it made me just devour Blake's monstrous cock. Also, as I had been noticing every time I sucked on Blake's cock, the puddle of pre-cum had grown even larger. Upon feeling it this time I looked at Blake and told him, "I don't think it's going to be long till you burst." And he responded by saying, "well let's make it happen." With that, I proceeded to get down on my hands and knees and crawl away from Blake, beckoning him to follow. He did just that and the path to his climax was on.
