 Chapter 2

Part I: Dirty During Class

A few days after our encounter in the bathroom, I attended Blake's class. As I arrived early, like I always did, I noticed that there was a small box with a note on top at the spot where I normally sat. Now, heading into this class I was already excited because I was going to be seeing Blake and the two of us shared a secret that no one else knew about, but seeing this box got me even more excited. 

Intrigued by what it might be, I rushed to my seat and picked up the note. It was clear from the start that the note was directed at me and it read: "Dear Slut, inside the box is a present for you. Go put it in before class starts and prepare for a pleasurable experience. Love Daddy." Now, after reading that, I really wanted to know what was in the box and proceeded to tear off the lid and in doing so I exposed a large steel butt plug and a tiny bottle of lube. At the sight of this, my cock immediately started stirring in excitement and, as the note had instructed, I headed off to put it in.

I went down to the student men's washroom, and in doing so, I ran into a bunch of my classmates milling about. I exchanged pleasantries with a few of them and attempted to act as if I wasn't up to anything before going into the washroom. Once I entered the washroom, I went into the first available stall and began to remove my pants. By this point I already had a raging hard-on, but I knew that there was no time to take care of it. Instead, I simply focused on what I was there to do. I removed the box from my backpack and then removed both the butt plug and the lube from the box. I cracked open the bottle of lube and squirted a little bit on my fingers. With my lubed fingers, I reached behind me and began to rub my hole, getting it prepared and relaxed. As it began to relax, I inserted my middle and ring finger and began to slide them in and out of my ass. After a few minutes of fingering myself, my hole was ready to go and I began to prepare the butt plug. I squirted a generous amount of lube onto the steel plug and began to stroke it, spreading the lube around. Once I had gotten the plug lubed up, I reached behind me and it effortlessly popped into my ass. I was now all ready for class and proceeded to clean up, dress myself, and head back up to the classroom as class was about to start.

When I arrived back in class, Blake still hadn't arrived, but my other classmates were starting to file in and get settled. The excitement that I had originally entered class with had now intensified as Blake and I had not one, but two secrets between us now. Eventually Blake arrived in class and I could tell that he was extra excited too. As he passed by me, he shot me an inquisitive smile, as if to ask if I had his present in, and I winked at him to let him know that I indeed did.

With Blake now in class, he quickly got teaching and it didn't take me long to realize what Blake had meant by "pleasurable experience" in his note. As Blake began flipping through his PowerPoint slides and highlighting sections with his laser pointer, I was hit with jolts of vibrations from the butt plug. These vibrations were of differing lengths and intensities based on what Blake was doing; short vibrations when he changed slides and long intense vibrations when he would use the laser pointer. Before long I was becoming overwhelmed by the pleasure which caused me to have to hide an ever present erection and constantly prevent myself from moaning. 

Blake though was clearly enjoying himself, and clearly enjoying my discomfort. Every now and then, when he would hit me with a vibration, I would catch Blake looking over at me to see my reaction. If I was showing him any signs of being close to moaning, he would hit me again for longer; seeing if he could push me over the edge. Honestly he got me close many times, but luckily I kept quiet during that first portion of class.

About halfway through class Blake announced that we were taking a fifteen minute break, and as the other students began to file out of the classroom, I made my way up to where Blake was. As I reached Blake he asked, "how are you enjoying your present?" To which I responded, "I love it, but you're making me so horny in class." This got Blake to admit that he too was becoming horny and was having trouble hiding his growing erection as well. When Blake told me this, I glanced down at his pants and could see a noticeable bulge forming. I asked him, "do you want me to take care of that?" and, without saying a word, Blake pushed me down to my knees behind the podium where he was standing. 

I got the message that he did want me to take care of it and I began to unzip his pants. Once I had Blake's fly undone, I reached in and grabbed his hard cock, pulling it out of his underwear. I had missed the sight of Blake's 9 inch monster and was awed by it, as if seeing it for the first time. It looked so delicious that I started to salivate. I licked my lips and then stuck out my tongue, beginning to graze it on the underside of Blake's shaft. I teased Blake by travelling my tongue up and down his shaft and occasionally, when I reached the tip, I would flick my tongue against it; which drove Blake crazy. Then, without any notice, I devoured Blake's cock into my mouth. This led Blake to let out a soft moan, but we both had to be quiet as there were still students milling around the classroom. 

When I started sucking Blake's cock, I knew that I didn't have much time to make him cum, seeing as the break was only fifteen minutes. Because of this, I began to bob my head rapidly up and down on his cock. I also messaged his balls with one of my free hands and occasionally gave them a quick suck with my mouth as I stroked Blake's cock, trying to warm and loosen up his cum. As I noticed Blake's pants and moans begin to increase, I removed his cock from my mouth and asked, "are you gonna give me a big load to devour right here in class?" Blake looked down at me, grabbed my head, and forced his big black cock back into my mouth. He said, "I'm going to shoot my big load right down your throat," as he began to face fuck me. He grabbed the back of my head and pushed it down on his cock as he began to thrust his hips back and forth. This forced the length of his cock into my mouth and his mushroom tip proceeded to slide down my throat. 

With my mouth full of Blake's cock as he pounded my face hard, I heard my classmates begin to file back in as the break was reaching its conclusion. Their presence excited Blake, but he also knew that he needed to finish. This led Blake to pick up his pace as he was determined to give me his load. He held my head in place and slammed his cock into my mouth; with every thrust his cock went all the way into my throat and his taught ball sack smacked against my chin, *slap*. I heard one of my female classmates ask, "is class starting again soon?" and Blake struggling to respond through a loud moan told her, "in a minute," as he buried his cock in my mouth. As he did, I felt his cock swell and then explode, sending stream after stream of hot, creamy cum right down my throat. 

Blake groaned and collapsed slightly on the podium as I continued to suck every last drop of cum from his cock and the female student who had asked him about class starting again now asked him, "are you alright professor." Blake's body shivered with ecstasy and he struggled to compose himself and answer my classmate. Eventually though, Blake regained his composure and responded, "yes, thank you for asking, I just had a bit of a cramp." I giggled softly to myself as I continued to clean Blake's cock, knowing that I was going to have to return to my seat and class very shortly. 

Blake returned himself to an upright position, and as he did, he looked down at me still sucking his cock, blew me a kiss and slowly removed his cock from my mouth. He tucked his increasingly limp cock back into his pants, zipped them up and began teaching the class again. I knew that my fun was over for now, but luckily I still had the butt plug that Blake had given me firmly inserted into my ass. Because of this, Blake continued to play with me for the rest of class. He wanted to get me horny and, luckily for him, by the end of class I was beyond ready to fuck. Blake closed class by announcing, "Jason, I would like to see you in my office after class," and I knew that meant I was in for a real treat.

Part II: Getting Fucked in the Office

As class ended, Blake immediately left the room and headed for his office. I however, stayed behind, packed up my things, and chatted a bit with my classmates. A few of them were saying, "I wonder what he wants calling you to his office," and I acted like I wasn't really sure. But I did know what he wanted; Blake wanted my ass and I wanted to give it to him. So not long after class ended, I said "goodbye" to my classmates and headed off to Blake's office to meet him.

When I arrived at Blake's office he was standing in the doorway waiting for me. He looked at me and asked, "what took you so long?" and I told him, "I had to make you want it." It was beyond evident though that Blake wanted it. His eyes were big, he had a grin plastered across his face, and he had a pronounced bulge in his pants that he was rubbing. Blake though, never verbally told me he wanted it; he merely reached out and grabbed me, pulling me in close to him. We began to make out widely with each other, our tongues wrestling in each other's mouths and our hands rubbing all over each other's bodies. 

While making out, Blake and I began to push and pull each other into his office and, as we cleared the doorway, I reached for the door and began to close it so that we could get the real action underway. As I did, Blake reached out with his big black hand and slammed the door back open, *thud*, broke away from our kiss and said, "leave it open, I want everyone to see me fucking you." I was a little shocked by this at first, as there were a lot more people around and we were definitely more exposed then in the bathroom, but I was also excited and began to take off my clothes. At the same time Blake also began to remove his clothes and in no time we were both naked. 

In my naked state, I walked over to Blake's desk and bent over showing off his butt plug still firmly in place and I heard Blake moan, "mmmm," at the sight. As I was bent over his desk I also saw that he was definitely prepared for some fun. He had a bottle of lube and condoms spread out all across his desk and while he was checking out my ass I said, "I see you're ready to go." Blake responded by saying, "I sure am, so why don't we get things started and you get down on your knees sucking my cock." I loved that idea and turned around to see Blake standing in the doorway, leaning against his door, stroking his massive erect cock. I was surprised by his choice of position, but, at the same time, it was quickly becoming evident to me that Blake really did want people to see us and wanted to put on a show for them. 

I was excited at the thought of people watching Blake fuck me hard and quickly made my way over to him. When I reached Blake in the doorway, I began kissing him again while simultaneously reaching out and stroking his cock. I could tell from that first touch that he was even more excited than in the bathroom as his cock was so hard it felt like concrete. As I began to stroke him, in a slow and steady rhythm, Blake closed his eyes and began to moan in my mouth. He was clearly getting lost in the pleasure and I knew my slow teasing was only making him want it more. Eventually though, Blake wanted more than to just be stroked and he broke away from our kiss and ordered, "down on your knees and suck my cock slut!" With that, I sunk to my knees where his cock was pointing right at my face.

With Blake's cock right in front of me, I continued to tease him by sticking out my tongue and flicking it against the tip of his cock. This additional teasing drove Blake nuts and all he really wanted now was to plunge his cock into my throat. He knew how to achieve that though as he still had the remote to the butt plug in his hands. Because of this, I was quickly hit with a long and powerful vibration which forced my mouth open to moan, giving Blake his opportunity to slide his cock right into my mouth. With my mouth full of Blake's black meat I began to bob rapidly up and down, just like I had done in the classroom, as I wanted to get to the real action. Blake was more than happy to oblige with this speed and began thrusting his hips back and forth and eventually he reached down, placed his hands on either side of my face, and began to face fuck me hard. Blake's balls slapped against my chin and I began to make gagging noises as his mushroom tip was forced down my throat. Blake moaned at the pleasure my mouth was giving him and I surrendered to him, letting him fuck my face as he desired.

The noises we were making though must have drawn some people out of their office because, as Blake was pounding my face, I saw him flash a sly smile and a wink off into the distance. I also felt his intensity momentarily increase, and this must have been so that he could give these onlookers a good show. Regardless, I too enjoyed the increase of intensity and was also excited at the fact that people were watching us and that I really didn't know who they were. All of this only made me hornier and increased my desire to fuck Blake once more.

Eventually Blake slowed his pace and removed his hands from the sides of my head, allowing me to get back into my own rhythm sucking his cock. As I did, I reached up and began to massage his balls and noticed that his ball sack was taught and his testicles enlarged. Upon noticing this, I removed Blake's cock from my mouth and, while stoking it, commented, "I think you're ready to fuck." Blake flashed me his sly smile this time and said, "mmmmm, I am, so why don't you get up and bend that tight ass over my desk for me." Excited, and eager to get Blake's big black cock back in me, I quickly made my way over to his desk, bent over, and stuck out my ass for him. 

In my prone position I heard Blake's bare feet on the floor as he made his way over to me, and the familiar wet squishing sound of Blake stroking his cock. I could feel his presence behind me and then felt his hand slap against my ass, *smack*, and heard Blake moan, "mmmmm I want inside that ass again," at the sight of my ass in front of him. Blake began to rub his hands over my ass and then I felt his fingertips on the base of the butt plug. He slowly removed the plug from my ass and I heard a loud moan as he saw my tight, yet slightly stretched hole. My hole sat empty, but it wasn't empty for long, as I felt Blake slide not one, not two, but three fingers inside and begin picking up a rhythm. As he did, moans began to escape my mouth and I became more and more ready to take Blake's cock.

As he continued to finger my hole, Blake got down on his knees and I soon felt the moisture of his tongue lap across my hole. Blake removed his fingers from my hole and placed a hand on each one of my cheeks to spread my ass wide. This provided him optimal access to my hole; which he was now devouring. He licked my hole like it was ice cream or a popsicle and then began to explore the inside. I felt the tip of his tongue slid inside and then gradually more and more followed. Once inside, Blake began to lick in circular motions and then probe in and out causing my moans to increase and become louder and louder. I moaned, "that's it taste my ass, get that tongue in nice and deep," and "get my hole nice and wet for your cock." Blake obliged and continued to dive his tongue deeper and deeper into my ass. At the same time, Blake was even reaching around and stroking my rock hard cock. Eventually all of it got to a point where I couldn't take it anymore and, through my moans, said to Blake, "I need you in me; fuck me, fuck me right now!"

Well I didn't have to tell Blake twice as he wanted it just as bad as I did and he moved quickly. No sooner did I tell him to fuck me did Blake remove his tongue from my ass, stand back up, and begin stroking his cock again. Blake moaned in excitement and told me, "get on the other side of the desk; I want you to look out the door at everyone watching me fuck you." Excited about the prospect of putting on a show, I hurried around Blake's desk and assumed my bent over position on the other side. From my new position, I watched Blake vigorously stroke his cock in preparation to fuck me, and then reach out for the supplies on his desk, grabbing first the bottle of lube and then reaching for a condom. 

As Blake torn open the condom wrapper and pulled the condom out I stopped him and said, "wait, let me do something special for you." I then stood up, walked over to where Blake was standing, took the condom from his fingers, dropped to my knees, and began to slide the condom onto his cock with my mouth. I placed the condom on the tip of his cock and as I lowered my mouth down his shaft, I unrolled the condom with my tongue. Once I was finished, Blake looked down at me impressed and I returned to my position bend over his desk.

With his cock now wrapped in a condom, Blake cracked open the bottle of lube and squirted a generous amount on his cock. He slowly stroked his cock to lube it up as he made his way over to me and as he got behind me he told me, "reach behind and spread your ass wide for me." I did as I was asked, and as I spread my ass wide, I felt a cold stream of lube drip onto my hole. When it stopped, I felt Blake's fingers begin to rub across my hole and then plunge inside as he lubed me up in preparation to fuck me. 

After fingering me for a while, Blake removed his fingers and I soon felt his cock begin to rub against my hole. I was so close to having him inside me again and he was taking one last opportunity to tease me. As he did, Blake asked me, "do you want this cock?" and, "how bad do you want my cock?" I told him, "I want it bad; I want you bad," and, "fuck me now!" The next thing I heard was a moan and then I felt pressure against my hole.

Blake began to slide his cock into me inch by inch and as he did I let out an increasingly loud moan. Blake said, "that's it, let out a moan for your audience," and no sooner did he say that, people began to walk by the office door. These people were fellow classmates and professors of mine and I immediately began to think about what was going through their minds. I didn't have much time to think about that though as during this time Blake had finished sliding the entirety of his cock into me and began to pick up a slow thrusting motion. It was just him getting me used to his cock again, but I was loving it nonetheless. 

I began to moan louder from the pleasure and told Blake, "I love the feeling of your cock inside me," to which he responded, "I love the feeling of your tight ass wrapped around my cock." Blake and I continued to talk dirty to one another and through our dirty talk, Blake began to pick up his pace. Soon he was really starting to pound me, and with his pounding came the sound of our bodies slapping together. This slapping sound joined the sound of my moans and I knew we were soon to have company.

Blake continued thrusting his hips back and forth, plunging the enormity of his cock into my ass. My hole was being both filled and stretched by his big black cock and I closed my eyes as I began to get lost in the pleasure. Blake was making sure that I was getting all of his cock by grabbing each of my cheeks and spreading my ass wide. He would also periodically spit on his cock to keep it lubed up, though it wasn't entirely necessary at this point, as my ass was starting to cream all over it. I was now fully submitting to him and as my moans grew louder and louder I opened my eyes to see a slightly startling sight. A group of my other professors and classmates were now in the doorway and hallway watching. I said to Blake, "we have an audience," and he responded, "yes, we do, so now it's time to put on a show." I thought to myself about how normal this was for everyone, especially Blake, and wondered how many other people had been in this exact situation. But, that didn't matter right now because I was in the situation and it was my ass that was being filled by Blake's cock.
