 Colin had a secret.

His family did not know about it, his friends did not know about it, even his girlfriend whom he loved dearly had no idea about Colin and his secret.

Colin had a repetitive fantasy about being fucked in the face with a big cock. He often had vivid day dreams about this event. The cock would be big and pulsing, the hands on his head were firm and strong, he would feel the balls tighten and the taste of that mans seed on his tongue would be heaven.

Now please bear in mind Colin was not the type of man to consider himself gay, he simply liked and was attracted to a great variety of people. Most often he found women attractive, the seductive swell of a women's rear, the firm curves of womanly thighs and the pert roundness of female breasts. On the other hand Colin found great pleasure in observing masculine attractiveness such as broad strong shoulders, elegantly curved biceps and he often thought that the male penis was an incredibly magnificent sight to behold.

Colin was invited by colleagues out to a restaurant with all the promises of good food, good drinks and good company. There were several men among their company whom Colin knew were gay men. One, John, was a white man like Colin. Pale, tall with broad shoulders and piercing blue eyes. A slight belly, but then he had the charm of animal whisperer. The other, Julian was mixed race who often spoke about his nights at the gym. Colin secretly felt they were certainly paying off as he had a broad and proud chest with admittedly bulging biceps.

At a point in the evening Colin ended up following Julian in to the gentleman's bathroom and conversation struck up around Julian's boyfriend who lived abroad.

"Julian, I have to ask. Do you not ever get ragingly horny with your other half being abroad?" asked Colin.

"Colin, I am at half mast for weeks on end. It can get very distracting!" joked Julian. 

Colin had an idea, a risky one, but an idea he felt compelled to try nonetheless.

They had both finished their business and were washing their hands when Colin turned to Julian and said he a quiet tone. "Julian, if you want to, I will take your entire length in my mouth right now until you're completely satisfied. This is a once only offer and we won't talk about it again. But I want you to use my mouth as your tight fuck vessel until your gorgeous balls tighten and explode down my throat."

Julian hesitated.

"Of course, if this is not what you want I would appreciate some discretion over my offer. In simple terms, please don't tell anybody else. I just have a fantasy of a muscular man using my mouth for his pleasure" continued Colin.

Julian did not want to cheat but he had not cum properly in weeks. The look on Colin's face was enough for Julian to make up his mind. His cock already pumping up at the thought he took Colin's hand and lead him to the biggest cubicle in the bathroom. Once both inside he turned and locked the door and pushed Colin on to his knees.

Julian began to undo his belt and he said "This is once only and we won't speak of it again. But as of right now you will do what I want with my cock." 

Colin replied "fuck my face, grab my hair, just promise me you'll pump your load in my mouth and down my throat."

Julian's cock was twitching at the thought. Finally it was released from it's denim prison and bobbed in the air right in front of Colin's face. Julian guided it into Colin's open mouth and began to slowly push his cock in and out of his mouth. Julian began to moan in pleasure and Colin's ministrations sent shivers up his spine and across his firm buttocks.

Colin's cock, begging for release was granted it's wish and Colin took it out and began jerking his mushroomed cock head whilst getting face fucked by Julian. Colin and Julian both moaning and groaning in pleasure. Julian looked down at this sight of his cock in this man's mouth and a manly urge took him and he grabbed Colin's head and began face fucking him with determination and masculine force. Colin only moaned louder as his secret fantasy came true.

Colin's poor cock couldn't take much more as sticky pre-cum began leaky from the tip of his insanely sensitive penis.

Julian balls tightened and his ass clenched as he felt the warm, tingly, roiling sensation and he announced "Fuck yes, I'm going to cum right down your throat. Get ready I am going to explode".

Colin couldn't take anymore and his own seed spurted out of his cock onto the floor between Julian's feet. Julian's orgasm, weeks in the building began, his magnificent dick spurting and pumping globule after sticky globule of white, hot seed down Colin's eager throat.

Both men were jerking nearly uncontrollably whilst their bodies were in the throes of mind blowing orgasms. Slowly, however, they both came back down to Earth and awareness of themselves and surroundings. They both pulled up their jeans and walked out of the bathroom.

Colin turned to Julian and said "I know we aren't going to talk about it. But thank you for making my fantasy come true tonight.". 

Julian responded "You're welcome. I had a powerful orgasm as well." 

With that, both men went to join their group and they were true to their word. It was never spoken of again. It was left as a passionate shared experience, a memory to replay in your most private moments.