 We both got dressed and went out into the living room and he put on a movie called Trainspotting which is actually a cool flick. I relaxed on one of the chairs and we both started to watch it. About halfway through the movie, he just blurted out, "So do you want to fuck each other in the ass tonight or are we done?"

I scooted my ass around on the chair as if I was sizing up the pain I was going to be in.

I said, "Ummm...yeah, sure! But I don't know how gentle I can be. Once I get going I'm going to fuck you pretty hard. And when you grabbed my cheeks and pile drove me, it felt good at the time, but wow did it hurt later! This time I want to ride you backwards with my back to you. And call me some names, will ya!"

We both kind of laughed and in a relaxed manner we rubbered up and lubed up and in no time my asshole had a death grip on his thick tool. Now that I knew what to expect it was much more fun! We moved around on the couch and floor until I had a easy time balancing myself as I let him nearly bottom out deep within my body. The extra-thick base of his rod stretched me out something fierce, although he usually kept about an inch of his penis out of my body. Because I was still an anal novice, I was just sort of bobbing an inch or so above the root to keep my anus from being stretched too hard. It felt great to have his cock deep in my body but I knew when he started to come it was going to hurt like hell! He was going to shred my ass for a few seconds, but I knew I could take it. I knew full well I was going to get stretched like a rubber band when the thick base of his dick straining my delicate and inexperienced opening.

"Oh, you are getting so good at taking my cock up your ass", he said softly. "Your ass is so tight."

"I have only had one cock in my ass", I replied glancing back with a sultry and deferential look.

"Yep, my cock", he said as he pulled all the way out and challenged my anus with the head. "One cock in your ass" he repeated as he popped it back inside me.

"It's so fucking thick. I love it. I am becoming your anal whore" I said quietly, facing downward.

"Well, let's figure out if you really are an anal whore", he said, panting, as he continued to slide his tool inside my body. "I'll ask you some questions and you answer them as honestly as you can."

He withdrew his stiff cock all the way out of my ass and pushed the fat, bulbous head against my asshole. "Question number one...Do you want my cock back in your ass?"

"Yes", I said, looking backwards. He re-lubed and slid his cock past my anus and it popped inside, stretching my hole nice and wide, warm and tight. After he penetrated my body with the head, he slid his penis deep inside me and began to move faster. It started to burn, but despite that it felt pretty good. I had the unmistakable sense that the first time we hooked up, he had anal sex with me. This time, I suspected I was about to get fucked in the ass. There is a big difference!

"Question number two...Do you like thick cocks up your ass?"

"Yes, I love your thick cock up my ass", I said facing away from him. He was picking up the pace.

"Question number three...Do you like to hear a guy grunt and groan as he comes deep in your asshole?"

"Yes I love it", I muttered. "I love to hear you scream as you come in my ass."

He lubed up again and began sliding much faster inside me. He was avoiding going that final, extra deep, ass-stretching inch, waiting instead to yawn me open at that final moment of ecstasy. As he put his hands on my hips I knew that special moment was about to arrive.

"Based on your answers, assuming you answered truthfully", he practicaly gasped, "you are an anal, cock loving, ass fucking whore! You're an anal whore!" He began to scream again and again.

"Yes, I am a cock loving anal whore!" I screamed, looking back at him. "Pound my ass with your thick cock! Stretch me with your dick! Work me over with that big dick fast and hard! I want to feel those nuts banging mine!"

"Oh, god I'm close!" he screamed. "I'm going to lose it!"

I glanced over my shoulder and hissed, "Come in my ass! I want to feel you swell up and dump that come in your rubber. Fuck my asshole! Fuck me deep and hard, dammit, fuck my tight virgin ass."

It took all I could do but I eased down until the base of his rod puffed out my hole wide as can be. It felt like someone took four fingers and plunged them deep in my asshole, stretching me wide open. Combined with the earlier anal I'd endured, I was raw, raw, raw! I felt so cheap! I could definitely feel the burn and I knew that the red, chafed feeling the next day was going to be terrible and I screamed in agony.

This orgasm was virtually a carbon copy of his first, replete with him grabbing my waist, skewering me for a few seconds as he wrenched another orgasm into the safety of his condom.

"I'm coming! I'm coming! I'm fucking your ass you fucking anal whore!"

"Yeah that's right!", I said as I dropped down hard on his cock. This time it was me that drove his penis deep beyond those tight, unwilling rectal muscles. I felt his prick fill and spread my bung hole wide and screamed "Fuck my asshole! You're the only one that's ever fucked me deep in my ass!!" I yelled at the top of my lungs, not caring if his neighbors were within earshot.

I can only imagine what he was seeing, and how my distended asshole must have looked with his thick cock rammed up my butt. From his perspective it must have been very exciting because based on his grunts and screams it was quite pleasurable.

As he came he bucked in and out just a fraction of an inch stretching me tight as a drum. This time, painful as it was, I powered my body downward against him and repeatedly pile drove his cock into my body. Pain was just another sensation, adding to the insanity, pleasure, excitement, and confusion of what I was doing.

However, because I was riding him with my back to him the angle was different than the other direction and I liked it a little more. It went in deeper but was more comfortable because of the slight outward arc of his penis.

He finished with me and his thick clock slipped out of my ass and we separated. I was stinging a little but surprisingly not as much as the first time despite the fact that I got fucked much harder this time than last.

"Wow, your asshole's tight!", he said loudly amid heavy breathing. "Look at my condom, there's a double shot of come in there. If you had that much hosed up inside you, you'd be dripping for an hour."

"No chance of that", I smiled. "I'm loving the safe sex thing. It's fun to get fucked in the ass but it's great to know that it's being done safely. I am super-fucking-paranoid about AIDS."

"Dude I don't have AIDS. I am clean."

"Yeah, but I can tell you there's no way I'd do anal without a rubber. Just wouldn't happen. I can't believe I am talking about getting fucked in the ass with a condom on a cock! What am I doing!", I laughed.

"Having a great time!", Tim responded. "Give me a minute to catch my breath and figure out what position I need to be in. I'll get us a few drinks and I'll be back."

I was rock hard. We both drank a glass of water and then I told him to get on his knees. I stood up and lowered my balls onto his face. He responded by rolling them around and licked at my balls and near my ass. I sat down in a chair and spread my legs wide and he moved in. I held on to my cock and pushed it at his lips and ran the head around his face. "Suck my cock", I demanded. Tim did his thing and it was again incredibly good. He licked and sucked at my bag and massaged my balls as he sucked down my thick tool right into his throat.

"Mmmm, not yet. Easy. Pull off. I want to fuck your asshole" I said.

I was lubed and ready to go and he got down in a scissor position. My cock popped right into his asshole and slid deep inside. He moaned loudly as I bottomed out.

"Yeah, you like that fat cock up your ass don't you?" I teased. "Your asshole sore? Are you a little sore from getting fucked in the ass before?"

"Yes. It hurts a little, but it's OK. Just don't fuck me too hard, OK?" he said in a low, husky tone.

"Not any harder than you fucked me."

He turned his head and looked back at me.

"Your thick rod split my asshole open and now I'm going to slow fuck you deep."

I was liking this! Poor Tim. He definitely got the short end of the stick by getting the long end of the clock...fucked in the ass that is. I held back for the better part of half an hour up inside him earlier. Changing positions sure didn't make my cock any thinner, and it certainly didn't stop me from popping my cock out and plunging it right past his tight ring repeatedly. How could I resist? It felt great!

"I can still feel the slippery sting of your big cock in my ass", I said.

"I didn't mean to fuck you too hard or hurt you", he said. "Next time I'll be..."

"Next time you will not get near my ass", I interrupted, "because you're going to spend the entire night on your knees or with your asshole up in the air."

"That would be OK with me", he said. "Whatever you want to do is fine."

"I'm going to bang your balls with mine. My big nuts are going to swing like a bell knocker. Every time you feel my balls slam into yours, that's my cock going all the way up your tight ass."

"Yeah, fuck that's awesome!", he said. "Use me like a whore", he said.

"What was that?" I said, making him repeat himself.

"A whore. I want to be fucked like a whore."

I obliged Good Sir Tim and began to slip and slide into his body with ease. I was not saying much, but groaning quite a bit, especially as I popped out and back in again past his tight fleshy ring. It was like getting a mini-blowjob over and over. I motioned him onto his right side, then his left side, then flipped him over, and back again.

"Yep", I panted, "you're a whore all right. You've been taking my cock inside you for a good long time. Your ass is still tight, though. You're a nice tight-assed cock whore. I am so glad you love a big dick up your ass."

"Feels good but it stings a little", he said, wincing.

As I continued my anal assault I said sarcastically, "I could pull out".

"No, no, don't pull out", he muttered. "Stay in til you come. Go ahead and come in my ass."

"If you insist!", I nearly yelled as I pile drove his ass into next week. He howled as my tool ravaged his ass raw. I was beginning to understand what Tim really wanted. Tim liked to act like he was reluctant to submit but in reality he wanted to get it hard and fast and he actually liked a little pain to cap it off. I certainly helped him out. I took a break to get more lube and slathered some more on his swollen anus.

"I don't know how much more of this I can take", he said solemnly.

"I do", I said. "I am going to come in your asshole. That's when we're finished." I slipped up inside him again, hammering him hard, fast, and deep. It felt great although he was finally loosening up from the anal sex he'd endured lately. I was sliding in slow, deep strokes and it felt great for me but Tim had maxed out. The poor guy hit the wall and we had to stop.

"No joke, dude, I have to ask you to get out of me. It hurts!"

I'm not into pain, so I slipped my hard cock out of his ass. I took off the rubber and cleaned my cock off and when I returned he was stroking himself, hard and thick.

We sat down on the floor across from each other and began to wank. My ball sac was soft and fluid and his was also. The thick hair at the base of my cock was still smudged with slippery lubricant, matting down my pubic hair. His cock was thick and straining, a long vein pulsing down its right side.

As he stroked he leaned back a little so his thick, hairy balls slowly rose up and down. My cock was so hard it hurt and I knew this wasn't going to last long.

I erupted. Watery jets of semen sprayed across my stomach and chest. Tim followed almost immediately, his thick tool bubbling semen as his huge ball sac tightened and loosened again and again. Both of us relaxed for a few minutes covered in our own semen, the bleachy scent of come wafting through the room.

"Wow that felt great", I said, leaning against a chair. I was becoming more comfortable being nude in front of Tim and he was comfortable as well. His cock was still puffy and very slowly losing erection. He was leaning back enough for me to see that his asshole truly was fucked red and raw. My cock stayed hard even after I jizzed, which is typical for me.

"I'm spent", he said.

"I am too. I think I'm going to go." I got my stuff together, got dressed and started toward the door.

We talked for a little while before I left. I mentioned that I was getting aroused again just standing there. I thanked him for the good time and spelled out some of the things that brought a special brand of pleasure.

"I just love it", I said, "when you suck my cock down your throat. I swear I must have dumped a few ounces of come right into your stomach. That was amazing. And when you licked my asshole, that felt really, really good."

He had a few encouraging words of his own, and thanked me for giving him head. "Your ass is so tight, I just can't get over it", he said. "I love to pound you in the ass. I love shoving my thick cock right up your ass until the base stretches you. It feels so good I can hardly stand it. I look forward to that last inch of my cock in your ass because it's so tight."

"No doubt it must feel good", I said. "You screamed like you got shot." I gripped my bottom and said, "and I can definitely tell that I had your long, thick cock up my ass! It feels so fucking weird right now! It burns, but it's like there's space in there or something. It's just silly. I admit I love getting it up the ass." I sort of snickered. "It feels, I don't know, like submissive I guess. Getting plowed...it just feels so different. It feels good. And I love all those positions. It was so deep! It felt really good even when you went inside me really fast. Just when you go all the way in, that's when it hurts like hell because your base is so thick. But it only hurts for a short while."

"Maybe you'll get used to it", he smiled.

"Do you want me to get used to it?" I asked.

"Definitely. I could do you every day."

"Well, think it over. It's your turn to set up the next hook-up. I texted you for this one."

"Fair enough. When I'm ready to get together again I'll send you a message."

I walked out to my car and threw my phone on the seat. As I was pulling out of the driveway I heard my phone message indicator and a text popped up. "How about tomorrow?" I replied, "Yep. My place this time. Be prepared to have me fuck your ass mercilessly with my hard cock!"

"Right back at you. Sounds like a plan" was the reply.

***

In the morning I jacked off in front of the mirror before work which was enough to get me to the office. After an hour and a half, I had to unload again. Sensory overload was setting in. That was of course a good thing and very fun, but masturbating left me wondering what was going on with me and what I was really doing. It certainly made me question my sexuality. It was no longer a drunken fling; in sober moments I planned my actions and in sober moments I had executed them. I looked forward to having his big dick in my mouth and up my ass. I was anxious to fuck his asshole and have him suck me dry. The amplitude of the sexual arousal and sheer desire I had was equal to, possibly even in excess of, what I had ever felt for a woman. I wasn't sure if it was something that I needed to reflect on more or just keep doing it because it felt good. In yet another sober moment I chose the latter.

The next evening Tim came over at 7:00.

In a few minutes both of us were naked and back in the bedroom. Now there was a comfort level for both of us that was absent the first few times we were together. It was not awkward to undress and get hard in front of him, and I could tell that he was glad to be there, aroused and nude. I mentioned how much I loved 69-ing and he chimed in that he loved it also, so we got started. This time we slowed it down considerably and I paid more attention to the sounds and scents in the room. The sound of both cocks getting sucked at the same time was very exciting. That sticky flesh sound, popping and cracking in the air was combined with constant oral stimulation from both of us. We both took our time sucking away, playing with long cocks and thick, hairy sets of balls and the sensations were fantastic. Tim licked my cock hard from base to tip and wiggled a thick finger or two into my ass. His well-lubed digits explored me slowly, all the way to the third knuckle. I could hear his lips and tongue working my cock and it inspired me to work ever harder on his tool.

From our sideways position I got a great view of his penis and once again noticed its thick base. It flared out even more than I had noticed before and this explained the stretched-out pain in my ass. It was exciting to think that yesterday this thing had busted through my asshole and gone all the way deep inside me. I enjoyed holding it in my hand and feeling it thick and warm and ready for action.

"I can hardly believe you had this so deep inside me yesterday", I said between cock slurps. "The base of your penis is so thick" I said as I licked it half way around. I vacuumed some of the skin on his penis into my mouth and lolled it around on my tongue, eliciting an exciting moan.

"It was an incredibly good experience", he said. "I loved being inside you. So tight and new. It was awesome."

"I'd love to do it again", I said quietly. "I'd love to have you slowly penetrate me deep, so deep", I whispered, again, between of sucking and licking his thick, hard shaft.

I licked up and down his rod slowly and rolled his balls through my hand and took my time sucking him as his salty ooze was flowing freely. I tried to take him all the way down to the root but I gagged with about an inch or two of his tool beyond my lips. I pulled back a little, and then ran it back and forth in my mouth. It was no longer a new feeling having a warm cock in my mouth and I was getting used to it. I liked it.

Two of my fingers found their way inside him as I continued to suck his cock. Each of us now had a mouthful of cock and two fingers jammed inside our bottom, probing and stimulating in synchronicity. Both of us, even in this short time since our first tryst, were rapidly becoming better at stimulating each other.

He started to tense up and I pulled off and let him calm down again, gently jacking his thick penis.

"Let's come together like this", Tim suggested. "Let's try to come at the same time".

I let his thick cock slip out of my mouth long enough to reply. "Great idea".

I could feel my fingers dancing on the magic walnut deep in his body, and he had found mine and was stimulating me in a fantastic manner. It was almost as if his mouth and fingers were squeezing the come right out of me. Between the slurping cocksucking sounds and the prostate stimulation, the ascent to climax for both of us was brief and intense and only slightly out of synch. As my cock exploded in his mouth I could feel the heat of my semen washing over my penis and within a few seconds Tim's rod began to trickle, flow, then jet his warm semen into my mouth. I was coming hard, my attention divided between giving and receiving head, as his cock continued to unload in my mouth. Tim had pulled my cock out of his mouth and was licking the head as it continued to orgasm. He was groaning loudly and lapping up semen as it flew out of my cock all over his lips and tongue. My fingers dug deep inside him, milking out the last of his come as he wretched hard at the stimulation.

Within a few seconds it was all over, and both of us relaxed on the floor. It was as intense an orgasm as I could remember and my face was spattered with semen and I could taste his come in my mouth. I had swallowed some more or less as a matter of survival as my mouth had been impaled. I had to swallow to breathe, so I had eaten some of his semen. Tim, on the other hand, really enjoyed eating my come and very little escaped his mouth. He was a come-swilling cocksucker, an admitted lover of semen.
