 I became a cocksucker at age 55. I started slow, responding to internet ads every six months or so. Afraid of disease, afraid of being seen by someone I knew, afraid of being myself. As the urges grew, so did the frequency of my encounters. Sometimes I was a sissy in lingerie, sometimes I was just naked, but I was always a bottom. When I retired, I moved to the Gulf Coast of Florida to enjoy the warm winters, the clear ocean water, and the anonymity of a new town. Unknown to me, my new town has one of the most open swinger and gay lifestyles in the country. I have found several BDSM clubs and multiple swingers groups via the internet, including a group just for transsexuals and sissies. Over the last year I had been with twenty different men, and three women. I have described several of these encounters in previous stories. This is the story of last weekend.

Surfing the web, I found a posting for 'nude dudes by the pool', which was for a party in a private home. The posting showed that up 60 people were being accepted; I was number 51. There wound up being sixty seven there. The first time with a new group is always the most apprehensive, so I was nervous on arriving. At the front door there was a sign "if you are invited to the party, just come on in". Opening the door, I was in an open plan great room with eight naked guys wandering around. After meeting the host, I was shown where I could stash my clothes and the basic layout of the house. Exiting out the back door, I was on the pool deck and in a huge crowd of naked guys. Nothing overtly sexual was happening, but the sexual tension was high, at least in me. 

Just beyond the pool was a small outbuilding which had been converted into a bedroom, where I saw the first blatant PDA: Three guys being serviced by a fourth. One cock in his mouth, another in his hands, and another buried deep inside his ass. I felt SO envious and needed some of the same. There were about five other guys watching or engaging in light petting. The guy I was closest to was slowly wanking himself. I asked him if he would like some help with that. Of course, he said 'yes'. Folding up my towel and using it to cushion my knees, I knelt in front of him and took him gently into my mouth. He was only about six inches long, which is perfect for me: no gagging when I swallowed him balls deep. After just a few minutes the hard floor, even cushioned, began to bother me, so I asked if we could get on the bed. With him leaning against the headboard, I resumed my place between his legs, kneeling on my hands and knees. As I worked my magic, I felt multiple hands rubbing my ass and touching my boipussy.

I had been planning this night for days. I had worn a butt plug for days to be properly stretched and I had applied lube as soon as I undressed, so the exploring fingers slid easily inside. Wiggling my hips to show my readiness, the fingers were soon replaced by something bigger. I am taller than most at 6'2", so the angle was wrong for him. He pulled my knees farther back, lowering his target and pushing all the way in on his first thrust. My first spitroast! The feelings were intense, but not painful due to my previous preparation. The feelings of being possessed by another man are hard to describe. They far exceeded anything I had ever felt being inside of a woman, and I flashed back to previous female lovers who had lain, completely spent, on the bed and unable to rise after lovemaking. I was now in that place of contentment! As the guy behind me finished with some savage final thrusts, the cock in my mouth also exploded within me. Simultaneous orgasms, with a twist! Content, but tender, I had to refuse the request for a repeat performance by another guy. Maybe later, I promised.

Later, I wandered elsewhere on the property and found a gazebo with sauna-like seating and a video playing porn. I stood in the doorway and just watched this time, as seven men entwined themselves in various ways. The room filled with more men, most just watching. I sensed a man behind me just before his hands wrapped around my waist and pulled me against him, with a firm eight inch cock pushing against my ass. My hosts had conveniently left lube and condoms in the room, so, in just seconds, I was ready for my second helping of the evening. Leaning forward, I put my hands on the lower bench and offered myself to another stranger. This time I asked his name. Lyle. Unlike the first guy, Lyle wanted some affection, kissing my neck and shoulders as he drove into me. Loving the attention, I twisted around, offering my mouth to him to be raped with his lips. Another dozen strokes and he groaned with ecstasy, continuing to kiss me as he emptied into me. After cleaning himself off, he gave me a 'goodbye' kiss. What a sweetie!

Wandering around later, I found another room set up with a swing, where one bearded guy was being savagely fucked while two other men were trying to share his mouth. Good multitasking! There were no places to sit, but that did not stop several others from taking their partners from behind while standing up, or kneeling in front of them and orally pleasing them. Like looking at multiple televisions showing different channels, it was hard to decide what to watch.

I spent the next hour just wandering around and talking to people, taking a dip in the heated pool, or grabbing a bite from the kitchen, before the itch to fuck returned. Remembering the swing, which I had never used before, I went back there. The room was empty, this time, so I took the chance to adjust the settings so that I could get in it doggie style, instead of on my back. Almost immediately upon getting into position, four men came in.

"Who wants to be first?" I asked.

A tall, blond haired guy, maybe six foot five and 250 pounds, with a fairly hefty eight inches, took the challenge. What had I gotten myself into?! He slid right in and began to spank me. Gently at first, but more savagely as I showed a pleasurable response, he turned my cheeks a bright pink as he drove deep inside. At this time the other three gathered around my head. I took one in each hand and another in my mouth. Another first for me that night: pleasuring four at once. The next few minutes are a bit of a blur. With a cock always pressed into my face I lost track of just how many took me from behind. Did one guy pull out just to reenter, or did someone else replace him? I honestly don't know, nor do I care. Eventually I managed to get up and felt cum dripping from my behind. Obviously, at least some of them had not bothered to use a condom. Scary, but something to deal with tomorrow. I remained just a short time before heading for my clothes and the car.

On the ride home, I tried to make sense of what I had allowed to happen to me. I had completely lost control of the situation and allowed unprotected sex with strangers. Not only did I not know their names, I didn't even know what they looked like! What I did know was that I had liked becoming a cumwhore, and wanted to do it again. The next party is Wednesday. I can't wait!