 All people in this story are 18 years old or older. This is my first attempt at writing so please feel free to comment.

*****

It was almost Friday afternoon and I was getting ready to leave work early. The local bathhouse had a special on Friday afternoons and I wanted to go check it out. I had been a few times before and never struck out, but was interested in seeing what kind of crowd this special would bring in.

I walked into the building and checked in like before. I was asked if I wanted a room or a locker and decided on the room on this day. The clerk gave me a towel and room key, and told me to have fun. There was a nice young crowd looking for older men today.

Now, not that I am that old, I am in my mid 40's. But when he said a younger crowd, he meant it. Most of the people in there looked like they were barely legal. Age never made that much of a difference to me. Young or old, smooth or hairy, as long as the person was clean and not too heavy, I was fine. Although a nice big cock also helped.

I went to my room and stripped out of my clothes. Usually I just carry my towel with me but today I figured I would wrap myself up with it. I left the room and went to the showers to rinse off quick. It was hot and sticky outside and needed to rinse some of the sweat off. I washed quick and climbed out of the shower. From where I was standing, I could see in the dry sauna. There were a couple of younger guys in there making out. As I dried off, I kept noticing them looking up at me and watching me. It made my cock start to swell a little as I finished wiping down.

As I started to leave the shower area, one of the guys came out of the sauna and said hi. He reached for my cock and asked if I would like to join them. I was kind of in shock. I had never had a young guy ask me to join them like this, never mind two of them. My cock started to swell even more. He looked down, "I guess this means yes." 

"Sure," I said and followed him into the sauna. Nobody else was in the room at the moment. The young man that brought me in was about 6' tall. If he weighed 175 lbs. he was lucky. Black hair and just a small trail of hair down from his belly button to his cock which was about 6.5" hard. His cock and balls were shaved and a small bead of sweet juice was starting to leak from his cock already.

The other man looked a little but older, maybe 20. Red hair and a little more muscular. He sat on the bench with his towel wrapped around him, and though I could see the towel tenting up, it looked like he was hiding a lot more than it seemed.

I walked over to him and we started to make out. I felt a hand squeeze my ass as another started to rub my nipples. I moaned a little and reached out to try and feel one of their cocks. After a couple of minutes, the red head asked me if we could go back to my room. They said they saw me check in and noticed I got a room instead of a locker. I agreed and led them back to my room. The red head said he would be right back while the other followed me.

We waited in the hall until he came back, groping each other and playing with our cocks. When the red head came back, he had a small bag with him. I opened the door and we went inside.

As soon as the door was closed, my towel dropped. My hard 8" cock was pointing straight ahead as the black haired boy went down to his knees. He quickly wrapped his mouth around my cock and started to expertly suck it. "Wow," I muttered. "How can you suck so good at such a young age?"

"Andy loves to suck my cock," the red head said. He saw you in the shower and said he wanted to try sucking us both off at once.

"Mark said I couldn't get them both in my mouth," said Andy as he came up for a breath of air. My cock was dripping with precum already.

"Well, let's see what you have under here," I said to Mark as I reached out and undid his towel. As I though earlier, his towel was tented up but was hiding a lot more that it appeared. His cock was about 7" uncut and wasn't even fully hard yet. It was thick too. I imagined it would be hard for me to put my hand around it when it was fully erect.

Andy turned to him on his knees and started to lick his shaft. He sucked one of his balls and then the other, slowly taking the two huge globes into his mouth at once. Mark's cock started to grow rapidly as Andy did this so I reached out and slowly started to stroke him while Andy sucked his balls. Mark reached over to me and pulled me close so our bodies were touching. Andy pulled my hand away from Mark's cock and grabbed the two of our cocks at once. He put them together and started running his tongue between the two of them. Then he opened his mouth wide and took the two heads into his mouth. 

Mark and I looked at each other and started to make out. Andy was a pro. How he got his mouth opened enough to take our two cocks in his mouth I'll never know. Mark had his tongue down my throat as Andy had my cock down his.

After a couple of minutes of this, I felt Mark's hand on my ass. I grabbed his at the same time. Andy was still working our cocks over, every once in a while coming up for air and sucking on our balls. Then I felt a finger start rubbing around my hole. It felt warm and wet. At some point during our making out, Andy had opened some lube and put some on his finger. He started to work his finger in and out of my ass. 

I had never had anything in my ass before, though I can't say I never dreamed about it. Now here I was, with a hot young guy sucking my cock and shoving his finger up my ass while I was making out with another hot youngster. Then I felt a second finger enter slowly and a third.

Andy came off our cocks. "Mark, I think someone wants to try being fucked today. He has a nice tight ass, but I can feel it loosen up quickly," Andy said.

"Hey Dad," Mark said. "You want Andy to try and fuck you today?"

I don't know what came over me at that moment but I started to beg them to do it. My cock was leaking like crazy and I know I needed a break from the sucking I was getting. 

"Get on your hands and knees for me," Mark said. "I'll get you ready while Andy puts a condom on." 

I bent over and did as he said. I felt Mark open my cheeks wide and start tonguing my ass. Slowly he worked his tongue around my hole and then he started to eat me out. I felt like I was in Heaven. Then I felt Mark move away and felt Andy's hard covered cock slowly rub against my hole. I felt a glob of liquid land on my ass and Andy rub it in with his cock. Then he pushed in and entered me. I took a deep breath as the pain came. Mark came around front and told me to breathe through the pain. "It will go away real soon, trust me," he said as he started to rub my head. He brought my face up to his and started to make out with me again. After a couple of minutes, I realized that Andy was going in and out of my ass without any pain. I felt a fullness in me, but no more pain. I started to moan even more and he started to fuck me faster.

Mark moved up in front of me and asked, "Does Dad like to suck cock?"

I nodded my head and took his cock into my mouth. It stretched my mouth wide, but I was able to get the whole thing inside. As I sucked him off, I ran my tongue around, massaging his cock with it. When I would come up to the head, I would stick my tongue in the slit and suck on his foreskin. Mark started to face fuck me as Andy continued to fuck my ass. I had never imagined I would be in this situation. Here I was, a married man with a son at home about the age of the two that were using me as their sex toy. I was hard as a rock and leaking like crazy. Andy reached around to my cock and felt it leaking. He said something to Mark and I felt Mark put something under my nose. "Here, breathe in," he said. They had a bottle of poppers. Boy were these two prepared.

After a few minutes, Mark pulled out of my mouth. I moaned with disappointment. I wanted to taste his cum. The precum that I was tasting was nice and sweet. I could only imagine what the load would taste like. He said he would be right back and left the room quickly. Andy continued to fuck me while Mark left. 

I heard a knock on the door and Andy said he would get it.

"Quickly," I said. "I want your cock back in me."

Andy pulled out and opened the door. When he shut it I told him to hurry up and put it back in me. "I feel empty," I said.

Then I felt it. Mark had went into the hall to slip a condom on. He started to push his thick cock into my ass. Luckily Andy had loosened me up a little. I didn't realize how much bigger Mark was than Andy. My ass was getting stretched wider and wider. I cried out a little but pushed back, hoping it would get him in quicker and I would adjust to his size. 

Andy slid underneath me and started sucking on my cock again. Mark started pushing my cock into Andy's mouth as he fucked me. The pain started to go away and the pleasure was coming back. I thought my ass was full with Andy fucking me. Mark seemed to be making my insides push up into my stomach. He kept hitting my prostate every time he plunged into my ass. I knew I wouldn't last much longer and warned Andy. He started sucking me like crazy and I couldn't hold out anymore. I shot my load down his throat as Mark shoved his cock into my ass. I kept shooting as Mark fucked me. I don't remember when I last came so much. I was squeezing Mark's cock with my ass as I came and I felt him start to tense up.

"Cum in my mouth please," I begged them. Andy slid his cock under my mouth and I pulled the condom off his cock. Mark slid out of my ass and came around to my face. They started jerking off as I sucked first one cock and then the other. Andy started coming first, I quickly shoved his cock down my throat so I could get it all. He tasted so good. As it felt like he was finishing, Mark started to shoot his load on my face. I quickly let Andy's cock go and shoved Mark's in my mouth. His load was huge and tasty, just like I had hoped for. He must have shot a dozen ropes of cum down my throat. I felt like he had finished and slowly sucked his cock as I took it out of my mouth, trying to get the rest of his juices out. Then I went down on Andy again and sucked him a little more to make sure I drank all of his cum. When we finished, I sat back on the bed and looked at the two young lovers I just got fucked by. They were still hard, but were picking their stuff up.

"Thanks guy," Mark said. "How often do you come here? We would like to do this again sometime?"

"I'm not a regular here. Only been here about half a dozen times. I can try to free up again next Friday though."

"Cool," Andy said. "Mark we got to get going. We're supposed to be picked up in about an hour," he said to his buddy.

"Gotta run. Have to take a quick shower and head out," Mark said. 

I gave them some time to shower as there were only a couple of stalls and then took one myself. After I dried off, I returned to my room, checking out the rest of the crowd. Guys of all ages were there and having fun, but I'm sure not as much as I just had.

I got dressed and checked out, thanking the clerk.

"Told you it would be fun today," he said as he unlocked the door for me to leave.

I got home about an hour later and there was a note on the kitchen table from my wife. She had gone to her mother's house for supper and left me a plate in the refrigerator. My son wasn't home so I took out the plate and threw it in the microwave. As I took it out, I heard my son come in the front door with his friends. "Come on in. I have to get the tickets. I forgot them in my room," he said as he ran upstairs.

I walked around the corner to see which of his friends he was talking to and dropped my plate. There were Mark and Andy standing in my living room. They looked at me and grinned. "Nice to see you again," Mark whispered. 

To be continued...