 Apologies for taking so long to get back to writing. Hope you enjoy this chapter. More to come.

Again- all people are over the age of 18.

*****

My mind was pre-occupied all day. I had planned on doing a lot of work around the house all day but I could not get my mind off the past 24 hours. Meeting Mark and Andy at the bath house was one thing. Having them know where I live and being friends with my son is another.

I never got anything done. My mind raced from the incredible first meeting yesterday. I had sucked and been sucked before, nut never had or thought of having anything anal before. I thought about this morning, how they sucked me and I sucked them both in the kitchen, how Andy came in my coffee and had me drink his cream in my coffee.

My cock stayed hard almost all day. Around noontime, I finally had enough and sat down at my computer. I would check out some porn and jerk off. I didn't normally do this, but I had to do something. I was so damn hard, my cock was hurting inside my jeans. 

I took out some lube I kept in the desk drawer and took off my jeans and underwear. I went to pull up my normal site but stopped. Something made me search for a gay porn site. I found one and started watching. There were all kinds. I saw one with three guys pounding away at each other. I clicked and watched it. One guy was being fucked by another, while that guy was being fucked by a third. It was hot as hell. Watching them get the rhythm down, the guy in the middle seemed to be doing most of the work. Backing up on the large hard cock that was in his ass, then plunging forward on the ass he was fucking. The big cock on the third guy was swaying in the air. The, they flipped, the guy in the middle staying there, but the other two switched positions. Now a fourth guy had walked in and was stroking another hard cock, waiting for his turn to join in on fucking one of the asses that was open and willing. He decided to walk over to the group and was now getting sucked off by the newest man on the bottom. He had a large black cock, almost unrealistically large. After a few minutes, he walked around to the back of the group and started to insert his cock in the man in the back. Hearing all the grunting and seeing the cocks going in and out of the asses was more than I could take. I already lubed up my cock and had been stroking myself the whole time. I tried to prolong my explosion as long as I could, but after a few minutes, I shot my load all over the computer and desk.

"Damn," I thought. I haven't shot that much in a long time. Between yesterday and today, my balls must have been completely drained. I cleaned up the mess and went upstairs to shower. As I showered I started thinking about the video and everything again and my cock started stirring again. I felt like a horny 20 year old back in college, I thought. That's when my mind came around and thought of my son. What we he do or say if he knew about the past 24 hours? My cock settled down and I finished my shower. I dried off and went into my room and saw a couple of missed calls.

The first was from an unknown number. The second was my wife. Both left messages so I listened to my wife's message first. She was calling to tell me that her mother wasn't feeling too good and she was going to spend the night there with her.

The second number made me drop my phone. It was Mark. He had asked Sean for my number in case of an emergency while they were out. He wanted to know what I was doing later and if I was free, to come down to the bath house again. There was another special going on and he promised me a better time than yesterday. He was going there with Andy around 2:00 and hoped to see me there.

Again my cock started to swell. I tried thinking of an excuse not to go, but my swollen cock and the memories of my last visit were winning. "How could it be better than yesterday?" I thought. I knew what the only way to answer that question was. I had to drive down there.

I threw on some sweatpants and sneakers and drove down. All the way, I kept trying to change my mind, but the feel of the boy's cocks in my mouth and ass were winning. I may not have much left in my balls after the last couple of loads I shot, but I could live with that if they could.

I checked in again, asking for a room. "It's pretty dead in here right now," the clerk said. "Only maybe three or four guys."

"That's fine," I said. "Maybe it will pick up soon. I'm supposed to meet a couple of people here." 

"Ok. Hope so too," he said and gave me the key and a towel. I went into my room and stripped down. Then I went to the showers again. Although I had already showered, I figured it was a way to let anyone know I was keeping myself clean. When I came out of the shower, I saw the door to the sauna close. I dried up and walked in, hoping it was Mark and Andy. Instead there was another young guy. This one was a little larger but hairy. His cock was hard, about 7" and he was nervously stroking it.

"How's it going?" I asked as I sat down next to him.

"Huh? Oh ok." He was shaking as he stroked. 

"First time here?"

"Yeah. That obvious?" 

"Relax and just have some fun." I said back. I reached over and started to feel his balls. They were hairy and hard as a rock, very full of young hot cum. I rubbed my thumb over the head of his cock and could feel the precum already leaking out. I went to lean over to lick it off when he stopped me.

"I'm sorry. Could we do this somewhere else?"

"Sure. I have a room if you want to go there."

"Actually, I was thinking of the glory holes. This is the first time for me with another guy and would like to imagine a girl doing it. It might help me relax a little and get off easier."

"I don't mind," I said. The way this kids cock and balls felt, he was going to cum quick no matter where we did anything. 

We walked over to the glory hole booths and I went into one. He slowly stuck his cock through the hole and I stuck my tongue out and licked the precum that had leaked out while we walked. I felt him twitch as I slowly licked around the head of his cock and took him in my mouth. As I figured, it didn't take him long. I slowly went up and down on him maybe three or four times when I felt him start shaking. His cock swelled and he shot his load. It wasn't as big as I had hoped, but it was still tasty. I swallowed him and tried to lick off the remnants on his cock head when he pulled out. 

"Thanks," he said. "There's a couple of other guys here waiting their turn if you want." Then I heard him walk away. 

Another cock came through the hole and I kissed the head. I sucked on the head a little heard a familiar voice on the other side. "Dad? Is that you?" It was Andy.

"Mm hmm," I moaned as I took more of his cock in my mouth.

"I thought so. Just by the way you started sucking." He pushed forward so I could take more of him into my mouth. I sucked him for a few minutes and he pulled out.

"Dad, stay there," he said. Mark is getting someone else for you to suck. Another friend of ours that is new here. He's nervous since it is his first time here."

"Let me suck you until he gets back," I pleaded but I heard a noise on the other side of the booth and another cock showed through the hole.

I heard Mark talking to his friend on the other side. "Just stick this nice piece of meat through the hole and let the person on the other side do the work," he said. "No talking is needed. If you want, think it's your girl sucking you off. Dad, don't say a word ok? He's new to this place."

I saw the cock come through the hole and reached up to stroke it a little. It was like Mark's. It was nice and thick, about 6" long and wasn't even fully hard yet. At first I thought maybe it was the kid I sucked off earlier, but then when I saw this gorgeous piece of meat, I realized I was dealing with another young stud.

He started to grow in my hand so I took it into my mouth. I licked and sucked on his head. Using my tongue I massaged his cock while I started to suck on him. His cock grew bigger than I thought it would. I tried to take it all in my mouth, but it was just too big. I took it out of my mouth and saw that he wasn't even completely in the hole yet. I tugged on his cock, pulling him closer to the hole. I took him into my mouth again and started sucking him down. As I came up for air, I would circle my tongue all around his cock and head. I took him out of my mouth and slowly licked the length of his cock. I took him back into my mouth and swallowed as much as I could. I did everything I could not to gag on the he piece of meat I was sucking. "Damn, how big is he?" I thought as I was bobbing my head. His head kept growing as I sucked. I sucked on him hard as I pulled off his cock, hearing a "pop" as his head came out. 

I heard a noise behind me and took a quick look. It was Andy with a bottle in his hand. He opened it up and held it to my face.

"Here, this will help you take more of him in your throat," he said as he held the bottle of poppers to my nose. 

I took a couple of deep breaths and went back to the huge monster that was staring me in the face. The more I looked at it, the bigger it seemed to get. I licked it up and down again and teased the head before taking it back in my mouth. I sucked up and down on the cock. Taking as much in my mouth as I felt I could. I would suck him down, using my tongue to pull him deeper in my mouth, then release the pressure I was using to hold him in. I massaged his cock more with my tongue as I moved my head up.

Then as I was going down on him, I felt a hand on the back of my head. Andy held my head on his cock while Mark pushed my new friend's ass, shoving the biggest piece of meat I had ever personally seen down my throat. It felt odd, going down my throat with little resistance. I breathed though my nose to avoid choking as I swallowed and licked the cock that felt like it was in my chest. I pulled off and pushed myself back down on his meat, swallowing his cock again.

On the fourth time, I felt his cock swell and the large vein underneath pulse. The first few shots went right down my throat and I never even tasted it. I pulled off a little, wanting to taste every drop. My mouth filled up almost instantly. I swallowed the sweet load and quickly my mouth filled again, with some starting to leak out the sides of my mouth. I swallowed three full loads and kept sucking on the head that was still swollen as hell. I could feel the owner of the cock start to shake and felt Andy tap me on the shoulder. He motioned to me to let up so I stopped sucking. 

The cock disappeared and another came through the hole. I started sucking this one and heard Mark on the other side saying how he liked the way my used mouth felt on his cock. I sucked him for a while and then he pulled out asking if we could go back to my room. 

I got up off my knees and came out of the booth. I saw Andy come back from the front desk and he grabbed my cock, which was showing through my towel. "Let's go take care of this," he said as we went to my room.

I led them to my room and we went inside. I took my towel off and threw it on the small table. Mark had left us to go to his locker and get his small bag. We kept the door open for him and climbed on the bed. I started to suck on Andy again as he played with my cock and balls. I was able to take his cock down my throat easily now so I licked his balls while his cock was down my throat. Again I heard a noise behind me and looked up. Mark had returned and was shutting the door. I shook my head no and motioned to leave it open. I don't know what had come over me but now I hoped the kid I just sucked off would gain some confidence and come into the room. I wanted to know if I could take his young monster in my ass. 

I saw Mark grin and come over opening the door all the way. "My, has Daddy come a long way since yesterday," he said and opened his bag. I saw him pull out a bottle of lube and some condoms. He looked over at Andy. "I don't want him to cum until we finish with him. Take it easy. He looks like he's ready to shoot all over the place."

I was. My cock was extremely hard. My balls were so full they felt like they were going to come out of my sack. When I looked down, I saw how big my head was. I don't think I had ever seen my cock that large and swollen before. I was afraid to touch it. Mark took something out of his bag and slid it down over my cock. It was a rubber cock ring. It felt so tight but so good.

Mark pulled me over to him and propped me up on my knees. I knew what was next and positioned myself while he ate out my ass. At first he started licking around my hole. Andy came around to my front and waved his cock in my face. I took it in my mouth and started sucking. I wasn't sure how much more I could swallow after the last load I took. Between the last two cocks I sucked, I felt like I drank a gallon of cum. I was more than willing to try though. 

After a few minutes, I felt Mark push his tongue in my ass. He ate out my ass expertly. I never knew I would feel this good by getting my ass eaten out. I wanted more though. I started thinking about the movie I watched earlier and wanted a cock in me. I wanted to suck one of them as the other fucked my ass. Mark took his tongue out of my ass and Andy took his cock out of my mouth. Like the day before, Andy walked behind me and put a condom on his cock. He was going to open me up a little with his cock for Mark.

I don't remember them using any lube. I was so fucking horny, I felt the tip of Andy's covered head at my opening and I just pushed back. Unlike yesterday, I felt no pain, just immediate fullness. Andy started pounding away immediately as I took Mark in my mouth. I sucked his cock as my ass was being used by his best friend. I was in Heaven. I could feel my hard cock waving below mw as I bounced back and forth. Every once in a while, I could feel Andy hit that special spot in my ass and I would moan a little. Every time I did, Mark's cock would twitch a little more. Finally they both pulled out and I knew they were going to switch places. 

As Mark got behind me, I looked towards the door. Obviously the place got a little busier. There were three people standing in the door watching us. I looked but didn't see anyone with the huge cock I sucked off earlier. 

Mark flipped me over and raised my legs. Just like Andy, he slipped right into my ass. I was so horny, I had no resistance to any of these cocks. He pounded away, hitting my prostate with every thrust. Andy was now standing at my head so I sucked him in my mouth. After a few minutes, I felt another hand on my cock. Another man must have gotten tired of watching and walked into the room to participate. He started to stroke me but realized I wasn't going to take long to explode. Between the need or release and Mark hitting my prostate, I felt myself start leaking. I looked over and saw the back of a head at my cock. This guy had long brown hair in a ponytail. He looked up at me and grinned as he blew on my cock, teasing it with his warm breath. Every once in a while, he would stick his tongue out and clean off my cock from the juices that were leaking out. 

I looked back up and saw Andy smiling down at me. I took his cock back in my mouth and started working him over again. After a few minute of this, I had to take a breath. I was surprised I hadn't shot my load yet, although the amount I leaked out was more than my normal loads. 

I waved my hands and Andy pulled his cock out of my throat. I didn't realize I was swallowing him down and he was that far in my mouth. I looked over and the guy that was slowly teasing my cock was also getting fucked in the ass. Mark continued pounding away however, determined to shoot his load in my ass. I went back to work on Andy. 

The feelings were incredible. I had a hard cock in my mouth. I could feel the hard head and veins rubbing against my tongue and taste the sweet nectar of his precum. I had another larger cock, sliding in and out of my ass. I could feel that cock rub the sides of my walls as he fucked and hit my prostate inside. And I had a warm mouth working my cock over. Feeling the warm breath, the moist lips and tongue was more than I could handle. Not a minute later, I started to shoot my load all over the place. The guy with the ponytail quickly put his mouth on my cock to swallow it down. Shooting my own load made my ass squeeze down on Mark, making him explode, filling the condom covered cock deep in my ass.

I sucked harder and then Andy started to shoot down my throat. It was like a chain reaction that I had started with me shooting my load.

The other guys stopped and thanked us. Then they went off in their own directions, leaving us to catch our breath.

"Where's the kid I sucked off in the booth?" I finally asked.

"He left," Andy said. "This was his first visit to a bath house and he was nervous as it was. Once you got him off, I walked him out."

"Damn," I said.

"What, did you want him in this ass?" Mark asked, finally pulling out of my used hole.

"I had actually thought about it. I was so fucking horny, I think I might have been able to take him."

"Maybe some other time. We'll get him back here."

"You guys were right. I did have a better time than yesterday. I should shower and get home though. I need to rest after all this."

"No problem. Can we do this again soon?" Andy asked me, stroking his cock which was still hard.

"Not that soon," I said laughing, looking down at his cock. "I'm done for the night."

Mark laughed. "We understand. Daddy is tired. Let's keep in touch and do this again though. We had a blast."

"Definitely. I never thought I would be doing this much. Until yesterday, all I ever wanted to do was suck a guy off now and then."

"Uh-oh. Looks like Daddy is finding out how much more fun sex can be," Andy said.

"Ok. I'm hitting the shower and then leaving. This stays between us though, ok?"

"No problem," Andy said.

"Definitely," Mark said.

I picked up my towel and walked to the shower, my legs shaking the whole way. I climbed in and turned the water on. As I was cleaning up, a couple of other guys came by and reached over to my ass. I thanked them but told them I was finished. 

When I went back to my room, there were a couple of pieces of paper under the door. They were notes from men with the days and times they were at the house. I threw them away and changed up. I was only interested in fun with two guys now. Today was a fluke.

I got dressed and went to the counter. Mark and Andy were walking out as I got there. As I checked out, the clerk looked at me funny. 

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"Nothing," he said, handing me back my ID. "I thought you already left."

"Nope, I've been here the whole time."

"That's odd. Not often we get two people with the same last name here at the same time," he said as he buzzed me out. 

I swallowed hard. What did he mean? Who else was here?

I walked outside and saw Mark and Andy getting into a taxi. Mark had this big assed grin on his face as I remembered Andy saying earlier, "We tried but he wasn't interested" and "It was his first time" after I sucked the kid off.

"No they wouldn't have?" I kept trying to convince myself as I walked over to my car for the ride home.