 I honestly do not know how I made it home. One of the best nights I have had in ages just came crashing down on me.

"Did I just suck my son off?" I asked myself. It had to be. Who else would it be?

"What a cock that was though." I thought.

"Stop it! That's your son you're thinking about!" Arguing with myself all the way home was not helping me think straight. I probably wouldn't have been with it anyway with the night I just had.

Who would have thought that just a couple of days ago, I had only sucked once in a great while. Now there had been two young guys that have had their cocks in my mouth and ass a couple of times each, plus a couple of other guys joining us in our fun. 

'What if Jackie finds out?" I thought thinking of my wife.

Another question popped into my head. "How am I going to face Sean?"

When I got home, the house was empty and dark. I was at least happy for that. I was able to get upstairs and take another shower before Sean got home. It would give me time to think about what I was going to say to him.

I heard him enter the house as I got out of the shower. It sounded like he was trying to sneak in the house. "I hope he didn't bring Mark and Andy home to stay the night again," I whispered. 

I dried up and threw on some sweats and a shirt. I went downstairs to get something to eat and hesitated at his door. I had to get this over with and talk to him. I knocked on his door and called to him.

"Sean, are you home?"

"Yeah Dad. I just got home." Was it me or did he sound scared to talk to me?

"I'm going downstairs to make something to eat. Are you hungry?"

"No thanks. I ate already." His voice sounded like he was shaking.

"Are you ok?" I asked while I thought to myself, "Please say yes. Please say yes."

"Yeah. I'll be down in a minute. I want to change up."

With that I went downstairs and pulled out a bowl and some cereal. I wasn't really in the mood to eat anything but I needed to do something.

A couple of minutes later, Sean came downstairs. He was looking down at the floor and kicking at nothing. "What's wrong?" I asked. I told myself I already knew the answer but had decided that if he was there I was going to pretend I wasn't.

"Dad, you always said I could talk to you about anything, right?"

"Of course. Always. What's the matter? You look like the cat the swallowed the canary?"

"I was asked to go somewhere tonight. I didn't want to go but I did anyway. Don't ask me where or what I did please, but I just don't feel right what I did. I'm just afraid that you and Mom will be disappointed in me if you know."

I swallowed hard. There was my answer and the way he said it, it sounded like he enjoyed it...

"Son, No matter what, we would never be disappointed in you. We raised you to be your own person and we're proud of you regardless of what you do."

"Thanks, Dad. You know I love you, right."

"Yes. Same goes with you, right?"

"Yes." 

"Sean, I do have to ask though. It wasn't anything illegal, right?"

"Oh no. Just somewhere I never thought I would be asked to go. I'm going to go shower and go to bed. Good night Dad."

"Good night, Son." With that he walked out of the room and went upstairs. 

Now what was I going to do. I know one thing. I was going to have a talk with Mark and Andy the next time I see them. Ask them who they thought they were putting me in this position. No you put yourself in this position. You should have never have gone there to begin with. Then you should have stopped it when you saw them at your house. You're that adult here. I decided to try and get some sleep and figure it out in the morning. I locked he front door and went to bed, though I knew sleep wasn't going to come easily.

I finally fell asleep around 4:30. I decided I was going to confront Mark and Andy and tell them that I was done. I also was going to try and get out of Sean where he went. Even if I ended up telling him I was there also. Hopefully he realizes I didn't know it was him and he forgives me. I just had to try and convince him not to tell his mother.

I woke up to Jackie shaking me. "Are you going to wake up today?" she asked me.

"Huh, what time is it?"

"11:30. What did you do? Party all night because I was gone?" she was laughing. If only she knew.

"How's Mom?" 

"She's having chest pains but is refusing to go to the hospital. Says it's just gas. I have Maggie there now for a while. I'm going back for supper." Maggie was her younger sister that couldn't stand doing anything for anyone. I was surprised she got her there. "Get dressed and come downstairs. I want to talk to you about something."

She left the room and I got out of bed. I grabbed a pair of jeans and went to the bathroom. I had to piss like a racehorse. I stood at the toilet bowl and started to piss. As I went, I looked in the mirror. I looked like crap. I thought of the past few hours and started to get hard. Damn it that was your son! Stop it!

I finally stopped urinating and dressed. I walked by Sean's room and felt that familiar stirring in my jeans. I couldn't get that cock out of my mind. It was so huge and tasty. I walked by his room and went downstairs. Hopefully Jackie doesn't notice my hard on. "Why would she now? She never does when you're in bed with her."

I went into the kitchen and poured myself a cup of coffee. "Thanks for putting this on," I said pointing to the cup.

'Yeah, you look like you were up all night. I figured you needed some."

"Yeah, I stayed up too late watching some old movies. What's up?"

"A couple of things. First, I'm worried about leaving Mom alone. I convinced Maggie to come over for a couple of hours, but she says she can't stay. I know what you think of her but I can't force her to stick around. I might stay at Mom's for a few days to make sure she is either ok or I can convince her to go to the doctor. I already called work and told them I wouldn't be in for a few days for a family emergency."

"You're right. You know what I think of Maggie. Are you serious she won't help? She's not even working right now."

"I know. With Mom like this though, I don't want to start any arguments."

"Hon, that's fine. You know I care for your mother and anytime you need to go there, I understand. Just let me know if there is anything I can do. What else was there?"

"Sean was up when I got home. He said he was going to stay at his friend's house for a few days as well. I don't know what is up with him, but he didn't seem right. He said he talked to you a little last night. What's going on with him?"

"Just some college problems. I talked to him a little but he wouldn't tell me the whole thing. I'll call him later and see if he wants to meet for supper or something so I can talk to him more. Don't worry about him. Just take care of Mom."

"Thanks Dear. I love you."

"Love you too." Jackie went upstairs and I sat back in my chair. I was pissed at Maggie for treating her family like that, I was upset at myself for what I did. I was mad for letting Mark and Andy trick me like they did and again at myself for allowing it to happen. Finally I was worried at what it was doing to Sean. If he felt this bad about going there, how would he feel when he finds out I was the one sucking him off. Again, my cock started to stir in my pants as I thought about yesterday. The way his cock tasted. The way Mark and Andy had to help force him to shove his cock all the way in the glory hole and down my throat. The load he shot and how good it tasted and how large it was. I swear he was saving that for almost a week. 

"Stop it" I said out loud. I tried snapping out of it but my cock was rock hard. "That's your son!"

"What was that dear?" Jackie asked coming down the stairs.

"Nothing. I'm just talking to myself."

"What do you have money in the bank I don't know about?" she asked laughing. "If you're all set, I'm going to head back to Mom. I want to stop at the store again and pick up a couple of things for her before I go back. Let me know how things are with Sean, ok?"

"No problem. I'll man the house this week."

"And no partying too much." She chuckled and blew me a kiss from across the room. Then she turned and left. I heard the front door shut and her car pull out of the driveway. 

Here I was, alone in the house for a few days. My cock was still hard thinking about Sean, Mark and Andy. I could go back to the bath house again today. Maybe meeting someone else will get my mind of my son. But what if enjoyed it and decided to go back today too. I thought about calling Mark and confronting him, but what if Sean was staying with them? None of this was helping. My cock was still throbbing and I wasn't getting any answers to my questions.

Solve one problem at a time, I decided. I went back upstairs, stripped down and turned on my computer. I figured I would take care of my cock first. Now what would I watch? I clicked on the same site I was on yesterday and looked at some of the other videos that were listed. I found another one with two "amateur teens turning gay". I clicked on it. There as an American teen and an Asian teen walking down a path to a barn. They had their hands all over each other as they walked down the trail. As soon as they reached the barn, they turned and started making out. For two kids that were supposed to be doing this for their first time, they sure were comfortable with each other. They already had their cocks out and the Asian kid was sucking on the other ones nipples. He was stroking a cock that looked like it was about 9" long and thick. It reminded me of Sean's. It was so thick and was leaking already. The Asian knelt down and took the cock in his mouth all at once. He worked the cock over, trying to pretend he didn't know what he was doing for the film. Sucking a cock like that takes practice and I knew from experience that he would not be able to take it all in that easily without help if he was new. "Just like Andy had to help you with Sean," I thought.

There was a fence at the barn and the Asian stopped sucking on the cock and leaned over the fence. The other teen squatted down and started to eat out his ass. He spit a nice glob on his ass and licked expertly up and down his crack. Then he tongued all around the hole getting it nice and wet. He shoved his tongue up the Asian's ass and continued to eat him out. All you could hear were moans coming from the boys as they were "experimenting" with each other. The American boy started to gently chew on the other boy's ass and nibbled his way to his balls and cock. He worked them over, licking and sucking on them. It reminded me of how Mark worked me over yesterday. After a few minutes, the Asian got on his knees and started sucking again. He licked all around the cock, getting it nice and wet. It was so swollen and had a huge head. You could see the vein underneath throbbing as he continued to suck it. Then he tipped his head so he had the underneath of the cock in his mouth. He started sliding his mouth up and down like he was jerking the cock off with his mouth. A few minutes of this and then he switched and sucked in the balls, one at a time until both were in his mouth. His cheeks were bulging out with the two large globes in his mouth. The cock was twitching and leaking even more. He stopped sucking and again leaned over the fence. The American walked behind him and slowly slid his cock right into the hole of the Asian boy. No effort or pain at all. "Just like yesterday," I thought. "Damn stop thinking about that!"

After a few minutes of pounding away, another man came out of the barn. Apparently, the farmer who owned the barn was watching the whole time and decided to join in. He walked over to the fence and opened his trousers. He stuck his cock in the mouth of the Asian boy as the other boy fucked his ass. They worked the boy over nice, one fucking his mouth while the other using his ass. They finally stopped and went into the barn. Here was an old cot that happened to be made there. They two boys got into a 69 position, with the American on his back, while the farmer got behind the Asian boy and shoved his cock in hard and fast. He fucked away while the two boys sucked each other off. The boys were grunting and moaning, especially the one getting his ass stuffed. Finally the farmer pulled out and shot his large creamy load all over the Asian boys back. The Asian boy pulled his cock out of the American's mouth and started to jerk off until he shot his load all over the boy's face and mouth. The farmer had walked around and was sucking on the other boy's balls while the Asian continued to suck and swallow his cock until he started to grunt and moan. Finally he pushed his ass up and shot a load into the Asian boy's mouth. You could see the boy swallow and the cum leak out of his mouth. When he was finished cumming, the American stood up and licked the farmers load off the Asian's back. Then they got into a passionate kiss, mixing the two loads in the mouths.

At the end of the video, the farmer looked over to the American teen and said three words that brought everything back to me. "Thank you Son." I had been hard and jerking off to the whole video. What scared me was my cock got even harder when the farmer said those words. I suddenly felt like I was going to explode all over the computer. I grabbed some tissues and finished whacking off in them. I don't remember the last time I came so much in one weekend. Problem was, the most powerful orgasms were when I was thinking about the wrong things. I shut the computer down and cleaned up. Then I went outside to mow the lawn.

I had to do something to distract myself from the three boys that I was constantly dreaming about.

I worked out in the yard the rest of the day. Once I started working, I didn't stop until I was all sweaty and exhausted. It had worked, I wasn't thinking of any of the boys anymore.

It was starting to get dark so I went into the house and ordered a pizza. Then I took a quick shower, went downstairs and turned the TV on. A couple of minutes later, the doorbell rang.

"One minute," I yelled out as I got my wallet. I opened the door and saw a familiar face standing in the door. It wasn't the pizza but my brother. I hadn't seen or heard from him in close to ten years. 

"Phil, what the hell are you doing here?" I asked. "How you been? When did you get back?" I was excited to see him. Phil had a falling out with our parents when he graduated and joined the Army. I had talked with him from time to time but that all stopped and we lost touch.

"I got back to the States last week. How are you? Where's the family?"

"It's just me for a few days. Jackie's at her moms and Sean is with some friends. Come on in and have a seat. Want a beer?"

"You still drinking the same shit as before?"

"You mean the same crap you used to buy me? No. I've stopped torturing my taste buds." We laughed and I grabbed a couple of beers from the fridge. The doorbell rang again, this time with my pizza. I paid the delivery boy and went into the kitchen to get some plates. "If I knew you were here, I would have ordered more," I said.

"That's fine. I wasn't going to come over tonight but figured wat the hell. I wasn't doing anything and wanted to catch up." I took out some of the pizza and we sat down and relaxed on the sofa. 

We talked for what seemed like forever. I told him all about the family and work. He told me all about the service and his experiences overseas. We drank all the beer I had in the house and before I knew it, it was after 1:00 in the morning.

"I should get going," Phil said as he got up.

"Where are you staying?"

"The old hotel on Main."

"Stay here. I have a spare room that Sean let's his friends crash in from time to time. Besides, we had quite a bit to drink and you shouldn't be driving."

"If you're sure you don't mind. I'd appreciate it."

"No problem at all. I have some clothes that would fit you as well."

"No thanks. I sleep in the nude."

I locked up the house and shut everything down. We went upstairs and I showed him his room. Then I went into the bathroom to take a leak. When I opened the door to come out, there was Phil, standing there naked. His cock was hard and he was jerking off at the door. He looked down at my cock that was covered with my boxers. "Looked better yesterday," he said.

I had finally forgotten about yesterday for a while and it all came crashing back. "The clerk thinking I already left. That was you there yesterday too?"

"Yeah. You really should close the door when you're getting fucked. You never know who will see."

"Oh my god," I remembered leaving the door open for people to watch and join if they wanted. I know there were at least three guys there. Two of them joined in. I never bothered looking to see if anyone else was there watching.

"So my big brother is a cock sucking slut that likes his ass filled too."

"Phil, it's not what you think. And put that thing away. Even if I was queer, I not into incest." Then more questions came flooding in. Maybe it wasn't Sean there yesterday. What are the odds that a father, son and uncle are all at the same bath house at the same time and not know it? If it wasn't, then what was Sean so afraid to tell me?

"Those two boys kept calling you Daddy. They seemed to know you pretty well. You see them often?"

"No."

"You lie. I can tell by your face. Who are they?"

I walked over and sat on my bed. It's a long story but I met them at the house the other day. I found out they are friends of Sean's. Can you just put that thing away, please?" I asked pointing to his cock. It was about 7" long, trimmed pubes and shaved balls. He was slowly stroking it and you could tell he was reliving watching me yesterday.

"Relax. I don't want you to do anything with it. I'm not that way either. I kind of thought they were friends of Sean when I went into the room and found this on the floor under the bed." He showed me a condom wrapper. "You said his friends use the room once in a while."

"That's not what I meant. But it obviously is what happened."

"Come on, bro. You have to admit, that was hot as hell yesterday. I was watching you guys and when the guy with the pony tail swallowed your load, I quickly went in the other room so you wouldn't see me. He does give good head by the way. When you went into the shower, he sucked me off quick before I left. He laughed when I asked him which brother tasted better."

"You didn't."

"Sure did. He wouldn't answer me though. Looks like you do think it was hot. You're kind of tenting there." He pointed down to my crotch. I was hard again and my cock was showing through my boxers. "Come on, we're brothers. We've seen each other before. Let it out and stroke with me. Like the old days."

He was right. Back when we were kids, we used to steal our father's magazines and jerk off together looking at them. We used to have contests seeing who could shoot the farthest, who could hold of the longest, whose load was biggest and who could shoot the most loads in one night. We never touched each other, but we sure had a lot of fun watching each other.

I stood up and dropped my shorts. I sat back on the bed against the headboard and started stroking. Then I told him about the last few days. 

"Geez, bro. What the hell did you get yourself into? Do you really think it was Sean you sucked off before I saw you?"

"I don't know what to think. If it was, his cock can put the two of ours to shame. I just don't know how to ask him now because if it wasn't, what the hell did he do yesterday."

'What about the other two? Andy and Mark is it? They sound like they like you."

"Yeah. Part of me wants to keep meeting them. Part of me says to break it off before anyone finds out."

"When are you meeting them again? I'd love to join."
