 I went to a movie at one of the local multiplex theatres and just got there in time to grab a snack and head for the designated theatre. When I got there, the trailers were already running and the theatre was semi-dark. I don't see too well in the dark; and with a full theatre, I had to go to the first seat in the very last row even though the first four or five seats in the row in front of me were empty. I didn't mind because I see better far away than up close. I think I was the only one there with poor vision because I was the only one in that row.

As the trailers were running, a guy came up to the top and sat one seat over from me. I looked at him; but because it was dark, I couldn't tell very much about him except that he was a slim build and about my height.

I offered the guy some of the huge bag of popcorn I had and he accepted. I told him I couldn't eat all of that and was willing to share with him. He said, "That's pretty nice of you. Thanks." and he moved over to take the seat beside me.

The main attraction (Charlie Wilson's War) came on and the stunning beauty of Julia Roberts took my attention. I didn't even know that he had moved his leg a little closer to mine, but it didn't bother me.

"Julia Roberts is so fucking hot," I said to him. He agreed with me and leaned across to take a bit more popcorn out of the bag. 

He said, "I'd go down on her in a NY minute."

"Who wouldn't" I said. The credits had finished rolling, so we cut our conversation. However, we were still seemingly snuggled together and I noticed him glancing sideways every now and then.

Interrupting the dialogue on the screen, he said, "You said that you would go down on her in a flash. I take it that you like oral?"

I didn't know how to answer him because I didn't know where this was leading. I just looked at him and said, "It's my favorite thing." and went back to the screen.

We were both watching intently when I felt his hand on my thigh. I didn't say anything, so I guess that gave him permission to explore a bit. He rubbed his hand up and down and finally rested it on my cock.

"M-m-m-m. That feels good," I said and he started to put a little pressure on it. Knowing how good it felt, I reached over and did the same thing to him.

To my surprise, he whispered, "Let's unzip." I didn't say a thing but as nonchalantly as possible, I slowly pulled down my zipper and opened my fly up a bit. 

"Cover yourself with your jacket," he said. So, I took my jacket and put it across my lap. Then, he reached over and took my cock in his hand. It really felt good.

"Want mine?" he asked.

So, he unzipped his fly and covered himself with his jacket. I reached over and took hold of one of the longest cocks I have ever felt. I told him how good he felt and he asked me if I thought it was good enough to suck.

"Yes, I'd love to suck you, but not here. Let's just play until the movie is over, then we can see what we can do." I told him.

So, for the rest of the movie, I just masturbated him and he did me. At one point, I could feel the slippery moisture of his precum. I let it roll around my finger and thumb, then put it up to my lips to lick my fingers clean.

"Do you want me to make you cum?," he asked. I told him no because it would be too messy. For the rest of time, I was content to play with him, taste his precum, and let him slide his hand up and down my cock.

When the movie was over, we got up to leave the theatre. "That was good," he said.

"Yes, it was and so was the movie" I said, laughing at my own joke.

"What are we going to do now, Guy? Do you have a place where we can go?" 

"No, I can't take you back home because my daughter is there and my wife will be back around 10:00. Can we go to your place?" I asked him.

"Hey, we're both married, so this makes this all the safer doesn't it? Are you gay or bi or just curious? I am bi, but my wife doesn't have the faintest idea that I like cock. I don't get to do this very often any more because the guy I used to play with moved away. I haven't done this for about seven months. Do you do this very often?"

I told him that I had done this no more than fifteen times in my life but that I was getting more and more interested in cock-sucking than I had in the past five years. He suggested that we take his car and move it to a secluded spot, so we drove to a parking lot behind a large hi-tech company building. Along the way, we introduced ourselves by name (He was Dan). After he put the car in park, he told me to push my seat back and recline it all the way.

"No, you do your seat first. I want to go down on your first because I might lose my ability to do it if you make me cum first. I want to suck you right now because I don't think I can wait any longer."

He pushed back and leaned the seat back as far as it would go and I unzipped him. He lifted his ass so I could pull his short down. Because it was really dark, I couldn't see his cock, but it just felt so good in my hand that I dropped my head down right away and took him in my mouth. I think I put it as far down in my throat as I ever had before. I bobbed my head up and down on it, occasionally moving back so I could jerk him off. I asked him if he would tell me when he was going to cum because I didn't want to swallow it and he agreed that he would. I sucked him so eagerly that he would ask me to stop so he wouldn't cum just yet.

"Why don't you let me suck you off now; and when you are ready to cum, we can jerk each other off and play with the cum." he suggested. 

I moved my body back over to my side and undid my pants, slid them down and presented my cock to him. He sucked me, and it felt so good that I would have been happy cumming right away. I wanted to savor the moments, though, and touched his head and said, "Stop for a second." I did this several times but I didn't want to cum right away.

He sucked me for quite a while before I asked him if he was ready to cum now. He said he was, and I pulled him up from my cock and told him I wanted to jerk him off. I stretched my hand over to his cock and he did the same thing to me. I pulled his cock up and down and enjoyed every minute of it and the moaning made it even more intense. He asked me if he could eat my cum, but I told him that it was too awkward here in the car, so we settled for a mutual jerk-off.

We came almost simultaneously, and his cum flooded my hand. My load wasn't too stingy either. We complimented each other on our success in holding off long enough to enjoy all of this for a while. 

"Do you think we will see each other again, Bruce?" he asked me.

"I sure hope so, Dan," I said. "I've enjoyed this so much; I've enjoyed being with you because you seem to be a nice guy; and I've felt so safe doing this with you. I really want to become suck-buddies if we could."

"Yeah, I'd be happy to be suck-buddies. I don't fuck guys in the ass, and I don't want to be fucked there. I hope we can meet occasionally to suck each other and to become masturbating friends. If you are game, we could try to find a time and place where we could meet regularly. What do you do for a living?" he asked me.

I told him that I was retired but I was looking for contract work in HR stuff. He told me the name of the company he worked for and that he would try to get me something. He travels quite a bit and suggested that I accompany him on a trip or two. I think we are going to be buddies for quite a while.

We left the parking lot and thanked each other for a great night. I can't wait to do this again soon.