 I lived in a house by myself in a pretty regular suburban area, next door to a guy named Stephan. Stephan was a skinny, bald black guy who loved women and apparently women loved him. He'd brag about it all the time when I came over to his house, and I used to listen half amused, but after some time I had kind of pictured him as being pretty gifted in bed and was pretty curious about how big he really is and what it's like for women. He talked about his dick now and then, and tonight as he called me over for beers was no exception. I personally didn't like going to his house, because he was rather intimidating, but I went along with it for the most part.

This night he was telling me about this girl, saying "she saw my cock, and couldn't believe how big it was."

"So did she do anything with it?" I asked, inquisitively. I had always been curious, though never thought much into it.

"She gave me head, she could barely fit any of it in her mouth though."

"Yeah I'm sure," I joked.

"You have nothing on me," he said confidently.

"You keep telling yourself that," I joked, kind of uncomfortable now where this is going, though I genuinely wanted to see it.

"I'll show you mine if you show me yours," he said. And right then he pulled his dick out of his khakis. It was huge. He held it in his hand as I leaned towards it to get a better look.

I pulled mine out, slowly, knowing full well I wasn't close to his size. I finally got it out and held it there, looking kind of pathetic next to his.

"Is that all you got?" he laughed.

"Well it's bigger when it's hard," I said, desperate to maintain any sense of dignity.

"No shit, you think it'll grow bigger than mine though?"

"I don't know, I think you are probably bigger than most guys," I felt a little better getting that out there. I started rubbing it to make it hard, thinking dirty thoughts about girls in my head.

I was kind of mesmerized by the size of his, so I asked "can I feel how it is holding your dick?"

"OK," he said calmly as he offered it with his hand. I put my hand around it and felt its warmth. It was soft, but I could feel it getting firmer. It became completely hard after a moment, and it was monstrous. I caught myself stroking it a little, like it was my own and stopped. "Keep your hand on it, haven't you done this before?"

"No, can't say I have." I replied, trying to laugh and not appear so interested.

"I think your soft little hands will like it," he said, which I would find kind of humiliating normally, but the level of humiliation was already past that point.

So I glided my hand over its surface. He grabbed my hand and made me wrap it around his dick. I took that as a sign to start stroking it again. I didn't want to admit it but I was very turned on. My dick was harder than ever now, and he noticed that too.

"You really do like it," he laughed. "Stroke that shit, stroke that shit bitch, just don't expect anything in return."

I did as he said and stroked it faster and faster. He leaned his head back on the couch, I got on the floor and kneeled to get into a better position. I stroked frantically for a couple minutes until finally loads of cum erupted all over my hand. He moaned some, and had a look of relief on his face while I went to the bathroom and washed my hands quickly. The thrill of it all was exciting, but it was very strange. I came back to see him watching television, like nothing had happened.

"See ya later," I said, leaving rather awkwardly.

"Have a good one," he replied.

I couldn't sleep that night, and instead kept thinking of what I had done. I masturbated intensely, obviously turned on, though surprised at myself.

The next day came along, and I wanted to see more of this side of him, kind of afraid of it too though. I knew he was seeing girls regularly, so I didn't know how last night fit into his life.

I didn't see him much or hear from him for a few days though. He finally called, "what's up?"

"Not much," I replied, trailing off, curious where this was going.

"Are you going to swallow my shit tonight?" he asked, sternly.

"If you want," I answered obediently.

"Come on over," he replied, and hung up the phone.

My stomach had butterflies. I freshened up quickly and came over, barely being able to speak coherently.

I sat on a couch across from him, my legs together and my hands on my knees, looking him up and down. I don't know what came over me, but it was exciting. He could see it to apparently, "settle down," he said, as he pulled his sweatpants down some.

I sat there staring at it, and looked at the television to not appear so obsessed.

"Aren't you going to lick it?"

"Yeah," I quietly said, as I got up and put myself between his legs and on the floor. I felt it start to grow from soft to hard in my hand immediately. I felt its warmth increase. I pulled down his sweat pants on the side with my other hand. I started licking this time, up and down, repeatedly.

"You're a better cock sucker this time aren't you?"

I didn't say anything back. I felt the urge to impress him this time. I finally got the head in my mouth, and started bobbing up and down on it. I tried to go deep, though I could only do a couple inches with how inexperienced I was. I could almost feel the relief in his face. I put his dick in one hand, and started sticking out my tongue to lick his balls all over. I kept going at it for a while, until he mumbled, "shit, I'm going to cum."

I didn't know what to do, so I kept my head in place and kept at it. I finally felt the fluids in my mouth, warm, and salty, and I gladly swallowed.

I licked around his dick, while it was getting soft, until he had this back to business look.

I continued to kneel there on the floor, and asked "how was it?"

"Great," he quietly said, "just as good as any bitch."

I felt proud.

I gave him a few more blowjobs over the course of a couple weeks. I started getting the idea I might actually be more into men than I had ever imagined. It's one thing to see guys on the street, but another thing to see a cock in front of your face.

The next time I found myself over his place I stuffed my face deep into his balls and licked them from the bottom up. He lifted his balls so I could just barely lick his ass some. I stuck my tongue out and licked the area as thoroughly as I could, and went back to his balls while he started stroking his dick. He put his hand on my head and kept me so I was only able to lick his balls while he stroked. After a minute or so, he stood up just a little, and kept stroking it while hot loads of cum landed on my face. Some landed in my mouth just in time, but I could feel the shape of lines and splatters of cum all over. At this point the humiliation of our acts hit a new level to me, but it was too exciting to give up.

"How do you like wearing man juice for a change instead of drinking it?" he chuckled.

"It's nice," I replied, smiling submissively. I wiped the cum off my face the best I could with my fingers, putting them in my mouth after each time while he was watching me.

"So are you a certified sissy bitch now or something?"

"I don't know, I guess, I just like it," I mumbled.

I stood up in front of him. He put his hands down the back of my pants. Chills went up my back.

He squeezed my ass, and I let out in a soft moan in response.

"Let's get in the shower together and see what you got. If you're not comfortable with any of this feel free to leave at any time."

I acted curious, and followed him. He was already completely naked, and I quickly took off my clothes.

"On your knees," he asserted. I got on my knees, and at the same time he turned around, and pulled my face into his ass. "Lick me clean, bitch."

I stuck my tongue out, licking his asshole everywhere. The taste wasn't pleasant or anything, but the water made it bearable, and I was strangely enough turned on, and I knew he knew that. I licked up and down his ass, smothering my face in him.

"Good faggot," he said, turning around. "Remember, you can leave at any time," he said, as he started urinating on me.

At this point I felt more degraded than I had ever felt in my life, but I was loving this moment at the same time. I opened my mouth, trying to catch it all. It was disgusting, but I wanted to appear eager for it for some reason. The urine quickly overflowed and covered the front of my body.

"Suck me clean," he demanded once he was done urinating. I took his soft dick in my hand, and put it in my mouth, but he said, "that's good right there, bitch."

He stopped the shower, and had me get dressed. I was learning to love being submissive to him.