 I had just started college at a small university in the Midwest. I had known for several years now that I was attracted to guys as well as girls, but I had always tended to prefer girls. That was until I met Matt. Matt was a short, thin guy with dark hair. He had a beautiful smile, and an infectious laugh. He lived down the hall from me in our dorm with his roommate, Keith. Matt and I hit it off from the very first day we moved in. He was one of those rare people who is nice to everyone, and who no one could ever find a bad thing to say about.

I was attracted to him from the moment I saw him. He was into punk rock, and always wore a sexy studded belt. For some reason, the belt caught my eye from the first day I met him, and I always thought of him wearing the belt whenever I masturbated.

Matt had no idea about my infatuation with him. One weekend about two months into the semester, Matt invited me to go home with him to his parent's house for the weekend. I felt weird staying with the parents of the guy I lusted after, but the thought of seeing this sexy guy in his natural surroundings was too much to pass up.

We arrived at Matt's parents house. His parents were very nice, and served us a scrumptious dinner. Neither of his parents was unattractive, but neither of them looked anywhere near as good as he did. It was hard to see where his good looks came from. After dinner, Matt and I went out to the movies with some high school friends of his. Afterwards, we came home, and got ready for bed.

Matt's bedroom at home had a bunk bed in it. Matt had shared the room with his twin brother who had gone out of state for school. Matt told me that I could have the bottom bunk, and he would have the top. He went into the bathroom, and changed into his boxers. He came back into the room, and put his jeans and his studded belt on the floor, and climbed into the top bunk.

The room was dark, but I could see the studded belt gleaming at me from across the room. My penis was becoming rock hard looking at it. Slowly, so as not to have Matt hear me, I pulled my boxers down. I grasped my cock, and began to jerk off while looking at Matt's studded belt.

I couldn't believe I was doing this. I was a guest in Matt's house, and here I was masturbating, while thinking of him, as he lay right above me. God, that turned me on! He was right above me, he probably wasn't even asleep yet! I was being careful not to shake the bed too much, but I was still consumed with pleasure. I was near to cumming, when I heard a soft snore escape from Matt above me

I don't know how I decided to do it, but I reached over, and being as quiet as I could I got up and carried the belt over to the bottom bunk with me. I sat there for a few minutes, fingering the belt while I lightly masturbated, but not enough to make myself cum.

I took the belt, and being very careful of the sounds that it might make, began to touch the studded side of the heavy studded belt to my penis. The cold points sticking out of that side of the belt felt like heaven against my stiff cock. I heard Matt up above me making the sounds associated with sleep, and that made me feel more free to do my thing. I loved the feel of the cold belt against my cock. It gave me such great pleasure to know that this belt that was touching my cock spent almost every day against the beautiful, skinny waist of the guy I lusted after. After a few minutes of running the belt across my dick, I took the belt and wrapped it tightly around my cock.

With the studded part facing me, I pulled the belt tight around my penis. I was wearing it now, just like he wore it every day only now on a different part of my body. I imagined him putting this belt on tomorrow, having no idea that the part touching his waste had been tightly wrapped around my stiff throbbing cock.

I unwrapped the belt, and shoved my cock through the buckle. I let my erect cock stand in attention, sticking straight out through the buckle for ten minutes. Throughout this time, I continued to tug on my stiff penis thinking about Matt buckling the belt tomorrow, touching the exact part where my penis been.

Finally, I took my cock out of the belt loop. I needed to cum. I held the belt in one hand, while I masturbated like crazy with the other. I came like I had never cum before. I took the studded part of the belt, and ran it along my cock as I came. Thick globs of sticky white cum were all over the studded belt. I did my best to rub it in, but I left enough so that only some one who knew it was there could see it. I knew I would be amazingly turned on the next day when I saw Matt walking around with his belt with my cum imbedded in the studs.

I returned his belt to the proper place, and fell asleep. The next day I woke up to find Matt sitting on the chair next to the bed. He was fully dressed, and wearing his studded belt. I would see some of my cum imbedded in the studs. It made me hard.

He was staring at me in an odd way. "I know what you did," he said, smiling.

I felt momentarily panicked. He knew? What was going to happen? As my mind flashed through all the different possibilities, Matt got up, and went to his door, and locked it. As he walked back over to the char, and sat down, he began to remove his clothes. By the time, he sat down, he was completely naked, except for his socks. "Time to return the favor," he said smiling. With one hand, he grasped his hard cock, and with the other, he reached for my solid leather black belt on the floor. He ran the leather part against his cock, then wrapped it around his cock, and then just as I had done, shoved his stiff penis through the buckle.

While he was doing this, I had removed my clothes, and was sitting, naked, on the bottom bunk, jerking off like crazy to the sight of this sexy guy, who was also jerking off, with his penis through my belt buckle. I knew I was going to cum, so I got up off the bed, and ran over to him.

"Can I come on you face?," I asked him hopefully, as I watched him pleasure himself.

"Please," he said.

That's all I needed to hear. Spurt after spurt of cum landed on Matt's face. I didn't think I was ever going to stop cumming. As more and more cum covered his face, Matt opened up his mouth and laughed, that infectious laugh that I loved so much. With his mouth open, I made sure to aim at his mouth, and shot one last large load into his mouth.

Matt came all over my belt. He came even more on my belt than I had come on his. He rubbed it in the same as I had with his, leaving just enough visible, so as to create an everlasting memory.

I looked up at him. His entire face was covered in my cum, some of it was running down his chin, and there was even a little in his hair. When he smiled his beautiful smile at me, I saw it on some of his teeth, too.

"I'm sorry," he said. "I wanted to get your belt. I owe you a cumming on the face."

"Yes, you do," I said smiling.

That afternoon, Matt and I ate lunch with his parents, and then went back to his room, and locked the door at exactly 12:32. By exactly 12:35, I too had a face full of cum.