 "Remember that cumming on the face I promised you?" Matt asked quietly as he locked the door behind us. He turned around and unbuckled that studded belt, and pulled his rock hard penis out.

I wanted his cum all over my face of course, but I was a little nervous with his parents around. He assured me that if we kept it quiet everything would be fine. He had begun stroking his cock, now, and it was clear he was very turned on.

"I want you to wear my belt," he told me in his genial easy going nice guy sort of way. I got hard at the thought of wearing his belt, and picked it up to put it on, but then he said something that made me even more hot.

"I want you to wear only my belt."

I was stark naked in a matter of seconds. I put the belt around my waist and buckled it. I was not quite as thin as Matt, so it hung a little looser on my naked waist than it would on his.

I sat down in the chair, and ran my hand along the belt as he stood in front of me jerking his cock. If the kids at school could have seen Matt, the all around Mr. Nice guy with his face contorted with pleasure, and his hands working his cock at rapid fire. It was all I could do not to touch my own cock watching him.

"I'm cumming," he whispered excitedly, and indeed he made good on his promise as ropes of cum came shooting out hitting me right in the face. I tilted my face back and forth as more and more came out to maximize the overall coverage of my face. I was in heaven. He was cumming so much it was unbelievable. After he had covered my face, he still had some left for my chest.

He finished and collapsed on the bottom bunk. I got up and walked over to him, completely naked, with cum dripping all down the front of me, with a stiff penis and wearing only his studded belt. I had never been like this before. I was like a man possessed. He and I were the only ones that mattered. I didn't even want to think about anybody else right now.

Without saying a word, I began to lick his cock, which had softened after his massive eruption. As soon as my tongue touched it, it was hard again. This was my first time ever licking a cock, and I might have been nervous if I wasn't so turned on. I was beyond the point of thought. I was just doing what felt right. Matt was squirming and I could tell that he liked what I was doing so far. I looked up at him and saw his cute face so filled with pleasure. I wanted to please him. So far all we had done was use each other to please ourselves. Without any word of warning to him, I opened my mouth and swallowed his entire cock.

Matt grabbed a pillow, put it over his mouth, and began to moan into it loudly. "Yes!" he was saying. "Oh, God, yes, Joe, suck it harder!" he said trying as hard as he would to keep it down.

I was sucking his rock hard prick as if my very life depended on it. I loved having his cock in my mouth. At the moment I would have kept it in there forever. As I sucked him harder and harder, he was going crazy. He was hitting the bed with both of his hands and flopping all over. I had to make an effort not to let his dick free. "Oh, God, YES!" he said, as he unloaded into my hungry mouth. I tried to swallow as much as I could, but some of it ended up running down my chin. After he had unloaded his last drop, I licked his cock clean, and spontaneously kissed the cockhead. I leaned down to him and tongue kissed him, giving him a taste of his own cum.

We just lied on the bed for a moment or too, both of us too euphoric too speak. 

"That was the most amazing thing ever," he said.

"Yes, it was," I agreed, smiling. I decided the time had come to ask him some questions. He and I had been so wrapped up in our little sexual things that there were a number of things we hadn't talked about.

"How long have you been attracted to guys?" I asked him.

"I'm not attracted to guys," he said, "I'm just attracted to you."

"That's strange."

"Is it? I've never felt an attraction to a man before, but when I saw you last night with my belt-I looked down but you didn't see me because your eyes were closed at that point-I knew there were some things we needed to do together. It was just a spontaneous thing," he said smiling his beautiful smile and chuckling his beautiful chuckle.

"Well", I said, finally after a moment of silence, "I need to sneak into your bathroom and get myself cleaned up." I really wanted to ask him if this was just something for the weekend or if we had any kind of long term potential. After all, we were already friends. It would be weird to suck each other off like crazy and cum on each other's belts for a weekend and then return to the way things were before. But I was afraid then that he would want to stop and at the moment all I could think about was him sucking my cock. I didn't want to risk the chance of not having that opportunity. So I kept quiet for now.

"Yea, he said, "You'd better clean up. My parents are going to my aunt's house for the evening." He flashed his beautiful smile at me, as he said, "There's still a lot of fun to be had, and when we're home alone, we can make all the noise we want."