 "Oh God, Yeah!" I shouted as Matt sucked vigorously on my cock. It was a few hours later and Matt's parents had just left about ten minutes earlier to go to his aunt's house. The first thing Matt had asked me to do after they drove away was to get naked, put back on his belt and lie down on the dining room table. I felt so sexy lying naked on the table where he and his parents ate their meals while Matt knelt on the table and put every bit of energy he had into sucking me off. He was an amazing cocksucker, not that I had anything to compare it with at that point. I was now squirming and thrashing just the way he had done. I felt happy that I now had a luxury that he had not. I could be as loud as I wanted.

"Oh, yes, baby, suck that cock, yeah, yeah yeah, oh yeah! Oh my god, Matt never stop! Never stop! OH YEAH!" And with that, I exploded into his mouth. He didn't stop sucking though, and sucked me till I was totally dry.

"Oh God," I said as I sat up. I had cummed more in the last 24 hours than I ever had before. I grabbed him and kissed him deeply, our tongues dancing as I tasted my own juices. He and I moved over to the couch where we made out passionately for probably about twenty minutes, before he broke the kiss.

"I want to fuck your ass," he told me.

"I want that, too," I said lustily. I had always thought I would be nervous about all these first time experiences, but I wanted them all so much there wasn't time to feel nervous about any of them.

He and I were both first timers, so we were a little awkward at first. He got himself naked, and lied down on the couch. We decided that he would lie down and I would simply sit down on his cock, facing him, and start jumping up and down. We both agreed we wanted to be able to see each other.

As he went to lie down, I made a suggestion. "Go get my belt," I said. He was gone in a flash, and came back wearing my belt, stained with his cum, around his waist. As I wasn't as thin as he was, the belt was a little tight around his naked waist, but he didn't seem to mind. Matt and I would be wearing nothing but each other's belts the first time we had sex.

He lied down, and I waited a minute and then slowly lowered myself down on his cock a little at a time. Before long, I had his entire penis buried up my butt. We both let out a gasp. Mine was partially out of pain, but the pain was quickly giving way to pleasure.

I just sat there for a moment with his prick buried in me. Then, after a few minutes when we had both gotten used to it, I began to jump up and down, slowly at first, but picking up speed quickly. Pretty soon, I was riding his cock like a wild bull. I had my hands in the air and was screaming at the top of my lungs, "Yes! Yes! Oh Yes!" 

I looked down to see Matt's face filled with pleasure. He had his head thrown back and his eyes closed, and he was moaning loudly. He opened his eyes and looked up at me, and smiled his beautiful smile, which looked even more beautiful, as he was in such a state of bliss. "Ride me, Joe!" he pleaded.

I did as I was told. I threw my head back and rode him until I could feel his cock ready to blow. I looked right into his lovely blue eyes as he unloaded into my butt. What an amazing feeling! In my wildest dreams I never could have imagined that I would actually be having sex with Matt.

"Matt!" I shouted down to him as cum continued to spray into my ass, while I jumped up and down on his penis, "I've dreamt about this moment since the first time I saw you." I reached down and with one hand touched his studded belt that was now around my waist, while I used my other hand to beat off my own hard cock. By the time Matt finished cumming up my ass, I had a little treat for him. He was rewarded with my cum all over his stomach.

We lied on the couch for awhile neither of us saying anything. Then Matt spoke, "I've never considered myself gay," he said, "But all I know right now is that I want to be with you. I love having sex with you."

I looked at him. "You do?"

"I do," he said. "I want to keep this quiet at first, and see where it goes, but I would be willing to come out if I thought this is going to last. When we get back to school, just treat me like you've always treated me. Keith is out of the room often enough that we can ensure ourselves some alone time." He smiled his devilishly beautiful smile. I kissed him hard.

"Oh, one more thing," he said, touching his studded belt that was still around my naked waist. "I want you to keep my belt. I have another one here that I can bring back to school."

I smiled. "And you can keep my mine," I said touching mine which was still around his waist.

We fucked again in the shower, cleaned up, and looked normal and nonchalant by the time Matt's parents arrived home. They heated up some leftovers from lunch and sat down at the dining room table to eat them. I felt my cock getting hard in my jeans as I thought about what they would say if they knew I was lying naked on that table just a few hours ago with their son sucking my dick.

Matt and I went to bed a little while later. He locked the door, and we sucked each other's cocks in the 69 position before turning off the lights and falling asleep in each other's arms, both of us now in the bottom bunk.

Matt and I returned to school on Sunday afternoon. That night, Keith was in their room doing a paper, and wanted his help, so Matt and I could not do anything that night. I returned to my room and found a note from my roommate saying that he wouldn't be back until the next afternoon. I walked over to my bag, and pulled out Matt's belt, which he had given me as a souvenir. If I couldn't have fun with Matt tonight, I would just have to have some fun with the belt. Five minutes later, the belt was again sticky with my cum. I wore nothing to bed that night except the belt, and I dreamt of the next time I would ride its owner's cock.