 This is a completely true story, and one I won't soon forget. I discovered girls at the age of 13. The girls seemed to notice me too. After all, I had long dark blond hair and baby blue eyes. I spent most of my time with the opposite sex. I will admit my grades weren't what they could've been. Soon I was 18 and had grown to be 6'2, and had a massive cock that all the girls wanted. 

It was to be my last year of school before I went to college. I was horrified to learn that my parents decided to send me to an all boys' school! I protested the rest of the summer but it was no use. That fall I found myself at the school. It was the biggest school I had ever seen. I didn't know anyone and I was very shy at first. I wasn't even close to being a little scrawny kid and could usually take care of myself, but what if a group decided they didn't like me and ganged up on me. 

It took me a while but I soon learned to find my way around pretty easily. I still occasionally got lost but everyone around me seemed to be nice about it and helped direct me to wherever I needed to be. 

One night I had sneaked out to walk around because I was having trouble sleeping. I knew I wasn't allowed to be out of my room after lights out but I couldn't help it. After I caught a breath of fresh air I tip toed back down the hall towards my room. I was almost home free when a hand reached out from inside a room and grabbed me! The hand yanked me inside of the room and slammed the door. He pinned me against the door and was kissing me! I tried to struggle and get away, but it was no use. He was just stronger than I was. Soon I felt his hands begin to undress me. Once I was completely naked he stood back and took a good look at me. I took that time to get a good look at him. He was taller than I, about 6'4. He had short golden brown hair and green eyes. He was nude like I was and had a nice smooth slim body. Then my eyes fell to his cock. It was erect and must have been at least 10". 

Without a word he put his hands on my shoulders and pushed me to my knees. He pushed his throbbing manhood to my lips. He didn't need to tell me what he wanted. I parted my lips and let his meat slide into my mouth. It didn't taste as bad as I thought it would. He grabbed my head and slowly started fucking my mouth. He pushed it to the back of my throat until I gagged, then he pulled back out and slid in again. His head fell back as he moaned in pleasure. 

My mind was racing. All I did was flirt with girls, now I had a man's cock in my mouth! What shocked me even more was that I was starting to like it! I knew there was no way I was getting away, so I began to relax. I began to run my tongue over his throbbing meat when it slid out of my mouth. 

Right then I began to wonder if he was going to cum in my mouth. I really didn't want him to, but what was I going to do if he did? My question was soon answered. He let out a deep moan and I instantly felt his hot load spill into my throat. I figured that I had better swallow so I swallowed as much as I could. I found that I didn't mind the taste of that either. In fact, I kind of liked it! 

His cock softened and slipped from my lips. I didn't move, afraid of what would happen next. He gently grabbed my arm and lifted me to my feet. He dragged me over to his bed and pushed me down on my back. He smiled at me and looked down at my cock. To my surprise it was hard! He got down on his knees and gripped my 12". He began to lick it with his tongue up and down slowly, sending electricity through my body. He got up onto the bed and took my entire length deep into his throat. I still have no idea how he did it. He bobbed up and down on my shaft slowly at first, but increased his pace. 

Just before I thought I would cum, he stopped. He flipped me over onto my stomach. I knew what was coming next and I was terrified. I thought he would just fuck me hard and raw but I received a pleasant surprise. I felt him spread my ass cheeks and felt something warm and wet pressing against my opening. I soon realized it was his tongue! I couldn't believe how good this was feeling! I let out a soft moan as his tongue slid into me. Then to my disappointment his tongue was removed. " This is your first time isn't it," I heard him say.

I nodded my head and I heard a drawer open. Soon I felt something cold and wet being squirted onto my ass hole. I felt 2 fingers slide into me up to the knuckles. The fingers were removed and I tensed up in anticipation. I felt the tip of his monster cock press against my hole. I felt his hand on my back and heard him say, "Please relax babe."

He pressed a little harder and nothing happened. He grabbed me and flipped me back over onto my back. He grabbed my legs and put them on his shoulders. I felt his cock press against my opening once again. "You need to relax," he said. 

I close my eyes and did my best to relax. Slowly the head began to slide into me. I felt a sharp pain and I jumped. He stood still for a moment. Then with 1 slow thrust he slid the whole way in. I have never in my life felt anything more painful than that. He stayed still for a few minutes to let me adjust, then he started sliding in and out. I bit my lip in pain as tears ran down my cheeks. I opened my eyes to look at him. His eyes were closed and he had a look of ecstasy on his face. As if he sensed that I was looking at him, his eyes flew open. He looked down at me with those sharp green eyes. He bent over me and kissed me. Then he moved down and kissed my neck. I began to relax a little more. It still hurt like hell but I was starting to feel a little pleasure along with it. He quickened his pace and the pain began to fade away. I moaned and I looked up to see a big sexy smile on his face. His breathing became ragged and he started to pound into me. His head fell back and I felt his hot cum splash against the walls of my insides. I then came all over his chest and mine. He collapsed down on me in exhaustion, his softening fuck meat still inside me. "What's your name?" he asked.

"My name is William," I answered.

"You have a very nice ass William. I hope you come this way again tomorrow night."

I kissed him to let him know that I would be back tomorrow night and every night after that.

We stayed close the rest of the year. I spent many nights in his room with him. He taught me everything I know and I owe him a lot. I cried the day he left for home. He promised me he would never forget me and that I would see him again someday. I went to college and met my roommate who looked very confused. I did for him what Stephen did for me. Soon after I got a wedding invitation from Stephen! I was nervous but I went. I sat with him for hours talking about our times together. 

It has been a year now and we still keep in touch. He is happily married with a daughter, but who knows, he may someday show up at my door. 

This is a true story sent to me by a friend. It took much coaxing to get him to write it down and send it, and we would both appreciate any feedback you might have.