 Gab had thought he came up with the perfect solution for turning down his boss' advances. She had been pursuing him since her last break up a few months back. Gab just wasn't into her at all. He had been trying to let her down without losing or comprising the position he had spent several years in the company working for.

He brought it up again one night after we had a few beers hanging out playing pool. He had mentioned it to me a few times before and I had just recommended honesty. If it wrecked his relationship with the company he was perfectly qualified elsewhere. This time though he told me something different than I expected. I was shocked to say the least. He had told her that he was gay. I was shocked. I mean he knew I was gay and out but I hadn't heard of anyone doing this before. Sure guys say it in a casual situation to let a woman down easy but he worked with her. He created a lie that he would have to live with indefinitely. 

"Why did you say that? You're going to have to play that out for the rest of your time there. How will she not see through it? Did she believe you?" I asked.

"No she doesn't believe me. I bought some more fashionable clothes but she is still pursuing it." he responded.

"So what are you planning? How are you going to tell her you're straight and just not that into her?"

"Well, I wasn't going to. She won't let it go. I was thinking of trying something else. We have the company's summer party coming up in a few weeks. I was hoping you would go with me. I was hoping you would go as my date."

"What?" I responded. It was crazy. 

"She'll believe you're gay and think we're a couple. It'll work, I know it."

"Of course she will believe I'm gay. I am. That's an insane choice over the truth."

"Yeah, probably but it is the only thing I see as a possible solution. She's really obsessive. Please, I'll owe you big time."

"Ok. I'll do it." 

I agreed but I knew it wasn't going to work. Quickly I had come up with a plan that would either show him the error of his ways, ... or seduce him. I decided to show him what would expose him as a fraud if he couldn't handle it. 

We talked about the party, when it was and how he wanted it to go. I could tell it was a stretch. While I was saying something back about it I reached out to softly rub his forearm. He jumped. Not just jumped but the look on his face was priceless. It was a combination of broken trust and anger. 

"That's why it won't work. No one will believe that we are anything more than a couple of bros that play pool drink and chase skirts." I explained. 

"It has to work. I'm sorry. It was just a surprise."

"A surprise that freaked you the fuck out. I think you almost swung at me."

"Yeah, I wanted to. I'll change. Please." 

"You have to be comfortable touching and being touched. If our legs touch when we sit for dinner and you freak out she'll know you are lying. If you avoid any closeness she'll know. If you can't embrace me she will know. You have to be comfortable putting your hand on my shoulder or holding hands. You have to be comfortable with me rubbing your thigh. Just think of how you were with the girl you took last year. As far as the contact at the party and in public you have to accept all that with me. If you can't I'm out." 

I was harsh but he needed to know what he was doing. He actually had a tear start as he responded. 

"Ok. You're in charge. Whatever I need to do or get used to you doing I'm in. I want her to believe it."

"Ok, it's going to push your limits a lot though."

We finished our game and played one more before calling it a night. I jokingly shook hands as we parted. I think he had had enough for the night.

I called him late in the next morning. It was Saturday and we needed to start. 

"Hey, did I wake you?" I asked.

"Yeah. It's alright. What's up."

"We need to practice a little today."

"Ok, what do you want to do? I'm sore from the gym yesterday but I'll tough it through whatever you want." he responded. Fuck I just wanted to say come fuck me three times right now. It would probably get him over his issues. Damn it.

"That's fine. I'll be there in a few minutes if that's alright. I'll bring some massage oil and work on loosening you up. Just a platonic massage so don't get your hopes up." I joked. 

"Haha, hah. Yeah ok. I've gotten massages before. Come on over. I'll unlock the door so you can just come in."

When I got there he was wearing a long sleeve t-shirt and sweat pants. He went to the couch since neither of us had a massage table.

"So you've gotten massages before?"

"Yes." He answered.

"In pants and a shirt?"

"Uh, I guess not."

"So..." 

"Fine... There. They are off. Ok?"

"Yes. Boxers are fine."

I started on his shoulders and moved down his back soon into it he was enjoying it without worrying about it being me. I started talking to him while I moved lower. I skipped over his boxers and worked his legs down to his feet. I worked on him for at least an hour before having him turn over. I finished on his thighs and chest which I know was pushing it a bit. 

I sat talking with him for a few minutes next to his legs on the couch. He did really well. We agreed to get together Sunday too. 

Sunday I went to his place again. I repeated the massage but added one thing to it. I told him it was his turn to massage me. 

"What?" he asked. 

"You massage me." I had already pulled my shirt off and was just exposing my boyshort undies. Normally I only wear thongs but I had a suspicion they would be too much for him to handle. These were probably also to risqué but I went with it. 

I laid on the couch and waited. He moved in slowly and was clearly uncomfortable with it. I have to give him credit though. He pushed through and gave me a massage. It was a little short on time but complete otherwise. 

"Thanks. You ok?" I asked.

"Yeah, just new to me. It was alright. It was good. Was it ok for you?"

"Yeah, I liked it. My back feels a lot better. Thanks."

"I'm hungry. Want some dinner?" he asked.

"Yes, I would love to. Thanks."

We went to dinner. I tried to make it seem like a date without outright letting him know. I touched his arm a few times. He did really well. He didn't jump once. Good for today. When we got back to his condo I suggested a hug. He was tentative but went through with it. 

We repeated combinations of these times over the next week or so. He seemed to have gotten comfortable with my touch. I was even able to sit next to him at the restaurants and rubbed his leg many times. 

He called to invite me to another dinner the night before the party. I went straight to rubbing his leg. He even parted them allowing me rub his inner thigh nearly to his balls. I felt him pull his leg back just then so I didn't push it further right away. 

After we finished eating and were just working on a couple drinks I tried again. I started at his knee before touching his thigh so I would avoid shocking or even tickling him first. I repeated it a few times before making a new bold move. I brushed my hand over his crotch, my fingertips lightly feeling the material of his pants. I know I felt his cock so I moved my hand back to his knee. I couldn't risk pushing it too far too quickly. I waited a few minutes before repeating it. 

I moved my hand. I felt the smooth fabric of his slacks from his knee up to his fly. Then it was there for me to feel. His cock was tenting his slacks. He was was wearing boxers or maybe was commando. Either way I was happy for it. I grasped it firmly. It was perfect. It felt thick, probably seven or eight inches long and firm. I stroked it a few times before pulling my hand back. 

When we finished our drinks and were about to leave I reached over to feel his cock again. It was still just as hard. I gave it a few light strokes before we left. In front of my home we hugged again. I felt his cock press against me even though he tried to keep his hips back. I let it go at that before heading inside. 

On the night of the party Gab and I met early at the gym to get a workout in. He didn't know but I had plans to have a little fun before the party, at the party and after. We headed to Gab's condo to get ready. My plan was starting to take shape. I showered first. I dried off leaving the towel in the bathroom. I walked to his living room naked to where I left my clothes, conveniently right where Gab sat. I pulled on a clean black thong and sat next to him. 

He was leaning back watching me the whole time. We made eye contact and I smiled. I looked down to see his gym shorts had tented from his hard on. I stroked it a few times then pulled the elastic down. Gab lifted his ass so I pulled his shorts and boxers off completely. 

Finally I had full access to my "straight" friend's cock. I held it for a moment before starting to stroke it lightly. He stretched and moaned. He wasn't going to last long. I put my lips to the head of his cock setting him over the edge. He shot a huge load in my mouth. Squirt after squirt, I think it must have been a couple of weeks since his last release. I milked all that I could before sitting up. Gab sat for a moment catching his breath. I reminded him that he needed to shower so we weren't too late to the dinner. 

We headed straight there when we were dressed arriving almost when we planned. Gab was quieter during the drive than his normal self. I was worried that letting him cum before the party could make things difficult later. Once he had lost that drive for sex it could have all been over. I took the risk because I believed I would have the time at the party to get him warmed up again. I knew to wait until we were there. The valet gave him the ticket and we went into the hotel. 

The company had chosen a ballroom in an upscale hotel. When we were in the elevator Gab looked me in the eyes before speaking. 

"Brian, I'm sorry I didn't warn you when I came." he said sincerely. 

I almost laughed when he said it but I realized he doesn't know that side of me. In reality I am obsessed with cum to the point where being called a cumslut is an understatement. I smiled for a few seconds before responding. Things were going to go my way tonight. 

"That's ok, it's why I did it." I responded. Hopefully he will be doing it for me in return if things worked out.

"Besides, it's kind of fun... for me at least. Feeling the power behind your orgasm was great. Had it been a while?" I asked. 

He nodded.

"It's been a busy couple of weeks. And I haven't been seeing anyone for a few months." He said.

He took my hand when the elevator opened. We walked into the ballroom heading to the bar for drinks, Gab's beer and my pinot grigio. We mingled a bit before refilling the beverages and finding our table. Gab was on my left and his boss on my right. I took advantage again rubbing Gab's leg and then his cock, through his pants of course. His boss grilled me quite a bit and I think she ended up believing we were dating. At least for me we had been going on some pseudo dates.

Later she was on stage addressing the company. I leaned forward, turning to him. I whispered to Gab, "kiss me". 

He looked at me with surprise.

I whisper again, "She keeps looking over at us. Take a second to gather your thoughts... and kiss me. Softly. On the lips. Just that."

He did. 

And it was wonderful.

He was good. He applied perfect pressure, his lips were soft, and his hand moved to rest on my thigh. Still there was something different in the kiss. It affected me deeply, much more than I was expecting. For a moment I completely forgot where we were. When he finished I looked into his eyes and realized that he may be serious. I started to wonder who's seducing who.

It took a minute before I looked away from Gab. I saw we had attracted the attention of a couple of our table-mates. I looked down for a moment before taking another drink of wine. While collecting my thoughts I also noticed his boss was looking at us. Maybe the kiss was taking things too far but if anything, Gab was no longer going to be able to convince anyone he was straight. 

Our empty drinks were replaced a couple of times and the night returned to a normal office party. While we were still seated I rubbed his leg a bit more, working on getting him turned on a bit. We mingled a bit more before we decided to call it a night. 

He had a surprise planned. Gab had a room reserved and had checked in at some point already. He led me straight there. Again he had me wondering who was seducing who. It had to have been for convenience. He knew we wouldn't be in any shape to drive. In the room I needed to splash a little water on my face. I came out of the bathroom and Gab went in after. I stripped down to my thong and tank top noticing there was only one bed. Really? Did he have this planned? Was he trying to seduce me? 

I sat out on the balcony waiting for him. I was trying to remember if there was a point where the tables turned. A few minutes later Gab brought out a couple of glasses of wine for us. He looked stunning in just his boxers. 

We sat and talked for a bit grateful for the comfortable weather. When our wine was gone we went inside. Gab refilled our glasses and we got into bed. I leaned toward him while he reclined on the bed. At this point I didn't care who was initiating, I just wanted it. I needed it badly. I had been building up a need the whole time we were preparing for this night. I was ready for a lot more than jerking his cock to shoot in my mouth. I needed to taste precum from his cock as it slides over my tongue and presses into my throat. I needed to feel his balls resting on my chin. I needed to straddle his body taking his cock. I needed more of his cum. 

I moved to his cock. I navigated it through the opening of his boxers and gently pulled his balls through too. I started with my mouth at the base. I teased his balls before licking up to the head of his cock. His enjoyment was apparent when I put my lips around the head. He moaned, resting his head back on the pillow. I continued giving him an expert blowjob. His cock felt thick as it slid across my tongue. Each time I took it in I let the head push a little more down my throat. It was perfect. His cock was just as satisfying as I expected. 

He lifted his head so I moved around to make eye contact. I love seeing the pleasure and emotion in the eyes of a man when he comes in my mouth. The look of satisfaction is the perfect complement to the cum when it squirts out. I started the home stretch. Slowly I would pull my mouth almost completely off before taking him back in. I buried his cock in my mouth and throat. My lips were surrounding the base of his cock completely. I gradually increased my tempo watching him get closer. I was in control. I watched his face change as his cock started to swell. And then he warned me that he was close. I already knew where he was at and I made it happen. I pulled back to receive his first shot directly on my tongue. I was too drunk to taste it but the erotic feeling was satisfying for me. His eyes expressed his satisfaction as I continued milking his cock and swallowing his cum. When it stopped I moved to lay next to him. I would give him a few minutes to recover before the next act. 

"Thanks, that was amazing." He said. 

"You're welcome. And you don't have to warn me when you cum. I can tell." I responded. "And remember I like it." I finished the glass of wine before going back down to his cock. This time I slipped it back into his boxers before pulling them off. He helped by lifting his butt and then legs. I tossed them to a chair. I pulled my tank and thong off adding them to the chair. I laid back next to him. He needed a little exposure to my cock. I didn't need him to do anything other than feel it against him.

After a few minutes Gab went to refill our glasses. I took a moment to grab the lubricant from my pants pocket and went into the bathroom. I put enough in and around my entrance so he wouldn't have to see me do it. I've found sometimes it will turn a straight(ish) guy off to do it or see it. I returned to bed slipping in next to him. I kept the lubricant bottle hidden in my hand until I slipped it under my pillow. 

I waited a bit but really couldn't hold off. The anticipation was too much. Way too much. I was ready for his cock. I had been dying to be fucked since I saw him this morning. I put my hands on his cock again, testing the waters to see if he was ready. After a few minutes of fondling a little life started to return. I moaned unconsciously and started to stroke him. Slowly his cock regained its strength.

Eventually he was just as hard as the first time today. I moved over to straddle him as I originally planned. His cock teased my ass as I leaned down to kiss. He didn't have to do anything with my cock but he was going to satisfy my intimacy needs. His tongue dove in my mouth forcefully moving mine out of the way. I moved my ass around a bit feeling the head of his cock slid up and down my crack. It started to poke through between my cheeks. He moaned and grunted keeping his tongue on mine. I pulled the lube from under my pillow and put some on my hand. It would complete the illusion that I hadn't squirted a bunch already in my ass. I massaged it on his cock and directed it to my entrance. It was aligned with my hole as I lowered myself down. It was thick but still popped in. I had spent a little time this morning stretching and prepping myself so I could enjoy being fucked.

I lifted up and dropped down on him again. He pushed up to meet me. We were immediately in sync and I was able to fuck him for quite a while. Having already cum twice today his stamina was strong. My legs had been feeling the burn of riding him so it was time to change positions.

I lifted off and told him to get behind me. He smiled and moved quickly. He grabbed my hips with one hand as the other directed his cock. His fingertips dug in when he pulled me tight to his hips. His cock was buried completely in me. His balls rested on my legs. His hips pressed on my ass cheeks. I could feel the tickle from his pubes in my crack. It was amazing. He started his thrusts with abandon taking me hard and fast. His balls slapped me with each stroke. I felt droplets of sweat start to land on my ass and back. It was the hottest sex I've had in a long time. His cock stretched me every time taking over my senses. I was moaning while he was grunting each time his cock buried itself in me. 

I sensed he was getting close and I wanted a new position. I wanted him to cum in me when I was on my back with my legs pulled up. It hits my spot the best. I started to turn over and he took my cue. He moved between my legs and easily slipped in me again. It was just right. Each thrust brought me closer to the edge. His cock slid over my my prostate better each time. I could see the look developing in his eyes. His lust was strong and deepening. Sweat was dripping again over my stomach and chest when he leaned over me. 

I felt my ass tighten on him. I was out of control and about to cum. I heard myself moaning louder. My ass was tightening on him and I could see his orgasm starting on his face. My cum blasted out first shooting up to my face. The first squirt landed across my left eye and forehead. As I continued cumming he yelled out and hit bottom in me one more time. I felt his cock throb as his cum spewed into my ass. He ground into me, slowly cumming as my orgasm wore off. He lowered himself to rest on me spreading my cum between us.

He surprised me by licking a strand of cum that had landed on my face. He kept it in his mouth and kissed me. It was the best kiss yet as our tongues wrestled and played with it. As our kiss slowed he rolled off laying next to me. Our bodies remained touching as we both quickly fell asleep. 
