 I was seemingly an ordinary Mexican guy walking down the street in a conservative Mexican town in the early evening. The street, a narrow street near downtown, was nearly deserted, and nothing indicated I was at the right place other than a tiny rainbow flag at the door. I rang the doorbell - the door unlocked almost immediately and I quickly stepped in, away from the street. Outside, the working assumption of anyone I ran into would've been that I was straight, but once I'd crossed the threshold anyone I met would know I was here for sex with men, which was both embarrassing and a relief. By this time I was no virgin, I'd taken several cocks in my mouth and ass, but neither was I very experienced, even though one of my partners had called me a "cock-sucking whore." 

"Hi," I said nervously to the man at the counter next to the door. I pulled out the entry fee and handed it to him - he then handed me condoms and a wad of toilet paper. I wouldn't be the one wearing the condoms, that was for sure -- I was here to catch, not pitch. 

"Welcome! You're early but there are already several hot guys upstairs."

I nodded, blushing. I was definitely not used to my lust for men being known though once I entered this place it became an obvious assumption. Not just that I lusted for men but that I was here for sex with complete strangers, which was the whole point of this place -- no pretense of it being for socializing, or finding a date or anything other than sex with strangers right there and then. 

I blushed even more once I walked past the counter into the main room downstairs. On a white wall, gay porn was being projected, specifically of a guy sucking cock, with a few couches placed around the projection. The one previous time I'd been to this place I'd gone straight to the dimly lit upstairs floor, which had little other than benches to be used for sex, and waited for a man to approach me, and got fucked twice in the ass missionary style. This time, however, I approached a couch with two men watching the video - they barely took any notice of me. 

I took a deep breath, gathering up my courage. 

"Can I suck you?" I asked the one closest to me. They both turned towards me. The one I asked said "Sure," unzipped his fly and pulled out his cock. I got on my knees, my favorite position for sucking cock, even though I'd only sucked two cocks before, and started sucking. For the first time in my life, I'd approached a complete stranger in person, and asked to suck his cock. But it wasn't enough. I pulled back and said "Do you want to fuck me?" The two men exchanged glances, and the one I was sucking said "Sure!"

I led the way upstairs, almost trembling with excitement, the two men right behind me, and I realized they were a couple or had at least met before I'd approached one of them. I had now approached, in person, a complete stranger, sucked his cock and asked him to fuck me. As we reached the top of the stairs, we went towards one of the dimly lit areas with benches. A though made me even hornier than I already was - and I didn't hesitate. I unbuttoned and unzipped my pants, pulled them down, stripped completely as fast as I could and got on all fours on the bare floor. Tonight, I was getting fucked doggystyle for the first time, I had decided. 

The man I'd sucked put his hands on my hips and son enough I felt something hard against my ass - slowly but surely, his cock went inside me, as he pushed it in and I pushed against him. The other man, without saying a word, shoved his cock against my lips, which parted hungrily, it was like an order, and I began sucking him even as the first man began thrusting back and forth. I noticed a third man was sitting on a bench, watching. I was on all fours on a dirty floor, being fucked in the mouth and ass by strangers while a third one watched. I was aroused even further by there being a witness to my sluttiness. Soon enough the guy fucking my ass began thrusting harder, and within seconds I knew his throbbing cock was cummming. Almost immediately, I felt my mouth being flooded with cum, which I swallowed hungrily. 

I got up slowly after the two men had pulled out. They were gone, but the guy watching was still there, and motioned me to sit next to him. 

"Did you cum?" he asked. 

I shook my head. He grabbed my dick and started stroking it, and we French kissed - I came almost immediately. Exhausted, I got up and went to where I'd left my clothes - on top of the pile, there was a piece of paper with a phone number on it...