 I pulled up to the church at about three o'clock Saturday afternoon in my old Nissan, blasting R.E.M.'s "Losing My Religion." I knew I was quite a bit early, for, service didn't start for another four hours or so, but I was more than bored sitting at home all alone.

I parked the vehicle close to the entrance. I was supposed to be meeting my friend Allison here for tonight's service. Looking around, I couldn't seem to locate her, so I leaned back against the side of the car.

Maybe for a bit of context, I should describe myself. My name is Josh. I am currently 6'1", 180 pounds, and 21 years old. My stomach is kind of flat, but my arms are a bit muscular. I have a kind of chubby face with a goatee. I have a short brown mess of hair and my eyes are almost an emerald green.

I was leaning against the car for about ten minutes when I noticed a car pull up next to mine. An incredibly handsome man exited the vehicle. He looked to be about my height and perfectly in shape. He had a shaved head and no facial hair. Sunglasses covered his eyes.

I found myself instantly attracted to this man.

He noticed me looking at him and flashed me a gorgeous sparkling white-toothed smile in my direction. I gave him a head nod in return. He began to walk in my direction.

Play it cool, Josh...

"Hey. I'm James," he said, extending his right hand toward me.

I shook his and replied, "I'm Josh. It's nice to meet you, James."

He smiled his gorgeous smile again and said, "Likewise. Have you been here before? I come every Saturday and I've never seen you."

"No, I have not. I'm meeting a friend here. I'm truly agnostic, but she would not stop bugging me about this place. She finally convinced me to give it a try," I explained.

"Who's your friend?" he asked.

I said, "Allison Reynolds."

He chuckled and said, "Oh my. YOU'RE the friend she's told us so much about. She constantly tells us stories about you."

I blushed and groaned. "I'm so sorry..."

He chuckled once more and smiled at me. "Don't worry. They were all adorable." He put his hand on my forearm and I melted.

"Anyway," he started. "I'll see you inside."

I stood there motionless for a few minutes. I jumped when I heard, "JOOOOOOSHIIIIEEEEEE!"

Allison has finally arrived.

I turned and was immediately attacked by her hug.

I hugged her back and said, "Hey, Ally."

"C'mon, let's go inside!!" she yelled.

-

Man, church is boring. I have never had to fake happiness so much. Of course I couldn't let poor Ally down. She tried so hard to get me to experience what makes her happy, but, I mean, I just can't do it.

I said my goodbyes to Ally and was about to get into my car when I noticed James approaching.

"Hey, James," I said. "What's up?"

He replied, "I was wondering if you'd like to get a milkshake with me."

I smiled and said, "I would love to."

He went and got into his car. I got into mine and I followed him to the diner down the road.

-

"So, James, tell me about yourself," I said, propping one elbow onto the counter.

"Well, what would you like to know?" he asked in return.

"Do you have a girlfriend?" was my first question.

"I'm gay."

I was initially taken aback, but then immediately blushed.

"What's wrong, Josh?"

"I just didn't expect that."

He grabbed my hand and looked into my eyes. "And what are you, Josh?"

"Bi..." I whispered.

"That's what I wanted to hear." He then leaned in and kissed me. Nothing much. Just a peck on the lips. But enough to set my desires on fire.

"Would you like to get out of here?" I asked.

"Did you even have to ask?"

-

We went back to his place and our hands were immediately all over each other. His ass. His abs. His face. I wanted every part of him.

Of course, I was nervous. I mean, I had only ever had sex with another man twice, but man did I want him. I've never desired anything more than I desired him.

His shirt was the first article of clothing to be removed from either of us. Followed by my pants. My shirt. His pants. His underwear. my underwear.

Finally naked in his bed, I pinned him down and began kissing my was down his body. From his forehead... to his lips... to his chin... to his neck... too his chest... to his stomach... to his waist... past his crotch and to his thighs... back up to his crotch...

I kissed he head of his penis to help its stirring. Once fully erect, I noticed that it was seven inches long. And I wanted nothing more than to have it fucking my face.

I began sucking on just the head, eliciting a moan from his sexy lips. I took him deeper into my mouth, wrapping my tongue around his perfect member. As I sucked and sucked, I maneuvered my hands under his ass and massaged his cheeks.

Suddenly, he pushed me off of him and flipped me onto my stomach, finally pulling me onto my hands and knees. I felt his hand start to tug at my own almost seven inch cock as his tongue penetrated my asshole. Oh my God, does that feel amazing. His wet assault on my tight hole went on for minutes before it abruptly stopped.

"Stay," he commanded as he got up. I kept my eyes closed as I kept still.

I heard the tearing of a condom wrapper. My legs began shaking and I craved nothing more than his member in my hole. A cool drop of lube startled me as it hit my skin. James rubbed it around my anus before sticking a finger in. Another after a few seconds of widening. Then another.

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," I groaned.

I heard him chuckle as I felt him start to rub his penis into my crack. After an eternity, the head of his cock entered me. He slowly and steadily thrust back and forth, entering me more and more with each thrust. He picked up speed as soon as I felt his balls against my ass. I started pumping my own dick furiously.

It wasn't long after his sudden burst of speed that I had an exploding orgasm on his bed. That seemed to turn him on even more as he increased his speed even further. I laid my head down onto the bed and gripped the sheets, moaning in pure bliss and ecstasy.

I heard him begin to pant and knew he was about to blow.

Between moans I managed a "Cum in my ass."

He just grunted and kept on pounding my ass. About five seconds later, he made one last mighty thrust into me and unleashed a torrent of sperm into my ass. He then collapsed onto me. I rolled out from under him and looked into his eyes, both of us panting incredibly hard.

"Well, Josh," James said, smiling. "This seems to be the beginning of something beautiful."

"I may have to start joining your service every Saturday night," I said and chuckled.

"Next time is your bed."

-

fin.