 Kelly lay back against the couch, weak with laughter as he watched Jason's victory dance around the room, accompanied by fist pumps and a tipsy version of "We Are The Champions." Even three sheets to the wind, Jason's voice still caused goosebumps to rise along Kelly's arms, and he shivered as the last rich notes died out. 

"Geaux Saints!" Jason crowed, just as a pillow smacked into his face, causing him to stagger and splutter, and he glared around the room, looking for the offender.

Toby was sitting in his favorite recliner, his arms crossed mutinously, the matching pillow to the one that had just hit Jason sitting incriminatingly within reach.

"Fucking refs blew that call, and you fucking know it, asshole!" Toby sneered. "Patriots had it in the bag up until that moment."

"Hmm, let's see." Jason tapped his finger on his chin as he made a show of looking around the room. "Do you see them?"

"See what?" Toby asked him impatiently. "What are you looking for?"

"All the fucks I don't give about the fucking refs, that's what!" Jason gloated. "All I see are those beautiful numbers, Saints 24, Patsies 21." He pointed at the TV screen, where the after-game highlights were being shown. "Read 'em and weep, baby." 

Jason ducked as the second pillow flew toward his head, and it smashed into the line of empty beer bottles set up on the bar behind him, sending them toppling with a clatter.

Jason laughed, doing another hip-swiveling victory dance before staggering to the couch and collapsing beside Zach, who sprawled on the other couch set diagonally from Kelly's. 

Toby's man cave on his boat was a sweet setup, Kelly thought hazily. There was a large flat-screen TV mounted on the wall, a set of small leather couches and Toby's recliner arranged cozily around a coffee table, a small wet bar set back into the corner. A state-of-the-art surround sound system blared as the talking heads analyzed the game they'd just watched, the cheering of the crowd sounding like it was coming from all sides.

They were all, except for Zach, pretty well blitzed out of their minds. Pizza had been eaten, many, many beers had been drunk, and no pain was being felt. 

Toby lifted the remote and changed the channel, where another game was about to start, this one featuring Zach's Dallas Cowboys and the Pittsburgh Steelers, Jason's second-choice team. This should be good, Kelly thought, amused, knowing how intensely competitive the others were over their teams. Kelly was more of a hockey fan, himself.

It was dusk, and the shadows were starting to lengthen, the room they were in growing cozily darker, the ambient light flickering from the TV the only illumination. Jason draped himself over Zach, nuzzling at his neck playfully as they waited for the new game to start. Kelly glanced at Toby, who had gotten up to get himself another beer from the small fridge behind the wet bar. He had halfway hoped that Toby would come sit beside him on the couch during the game but instead he'd sat in his recliner, kicked back comfortably in the well-worn leather. Toby wasn't the type to engage in public PDAs, Kelly mused, but it would have been nice anyway. 

The pre-game show started, the Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders taking the field in their skimpy outfits, and Zach gave a loud, exaggerated wolf whistle, making a show of sitting up and paying attention. Jason flattened out next to him in a mock sulk, his full lower lip out in a pout, and Kelly snorted out loud at their antics. 

Zach pushed Jason a little further, loudly commenting on which cheerleader was his favorite, and Jason crossed his arms over his chest with a huff, his pout even more exaggerated.

"Keep sticking that lip out like that, baby, and see what happens," Zach growled, leaning over Jason and nipping at the offending lip, then sucking on it before letting it go with a soft pop and starting to sit back.

Jason followed him, carding his fingers through Zach's hair and pulling him back down with a teasing, "Gimme more. I'm feeling a little insecure here." Zach chuckled, cupping Jason's cheek and taking his mouth in a playful kiss, their lips meeting, lingering and parting with a lush, wet sound. They gazed into each other's eyes for a long moment, Zach stroking over Jason's moist lower lip with his thumb until Jason finally nodded at the TV.

"You're missing the sexy cheerleaders," he murmured, nipping at Zach's thumb.

"What cheerleaders? I got all the sexy I need right here," Zach purred, and Jason snorted a little, then groaned softly as Zach kissed him again, the playfulness quickly growing heated. Kelly watched, fascinated, as Zach traced Jason's lips with his tongue, urging them open and then plunging deep.

"Christ, get a room, you two," Toby groused as he settled back in his chair. Of course that made Jason give Zach several loud, smacking kisses, deliberately goading Toby on, before getting up to get himself another beer and Zach a fresh soda. They settled in to watch the new game, and it wasn't long before it became clear that it would be a blow-out, the Steelers up by 24 points by halftime.

Kelly had lost interest in the game pretty quickly, and he'd passed the time by keeping a surreptitious eye on Jason and Zach, ensconced in their little corner in the semi-dark. Jason had apparently been amusing himself by tormenting Zach while they watched the game, stroking his thigh, his fingertips going higher on each pass, flirting with Zach's crotch and then settling safely back on Zach's knee before starting all over again. Every now and then Jason would lean in for a nuzzle of Zach's neck or ear, his fingers dancing and teasing.

The cheerleaders took the field again for the halftime show, and Kelly heard Jason murmur, "Now, now, no cheerleaders for you," as he firmly cupped the bulge at Zach's groin and squeezed. Zach caught his hand and hissed, "Why, you frickin' little tease," pulling Jason toward him, his free hand coming up to grip Jason's nape and hold him still while Zach devoured his mouth with his own, no playfulness evident with this kiss. Jason moved to straddle Zach's lap, bracing his arms on the back of the couch on either side of Zach's head as he dove into the kiss.

Zach's hands slid up the backs of Jason's thighs, smoothing over his ass and squeezing hard, then gliding up under Jason's t-shirt, pushing it up as he went. Jason sat up impatiently and stripped the t-shirt off, throwing it aside, leaning back down to kiss Zach passionately, his head angled to the side to take it deeper.  Zach ran his palms up the bunching muscles of Jason's naked back, reversing his route and then dipping his fingertips teasingly inside the waistband of Jason's jeans.

Jason started a slow grind on top of his lover, and Kelly could hear Zach gasp before he thrust his hands down the back of Jason's jeans to grasp his ass firmly and pull him closer. Jason was busily unbuttoning Zach's shirt as they kissed, his hands roaming.

Kelly swallowed hard, the sexual heat radiating off of the two men starting to affect him. He glanced over at Toby, and did a double-take when he saw that Toby was totally absorbed in the show, oblivious to what was going on just a few feet away.  Kelly couldn't say the same, he was absolutely fascinated by what Jason and Zach were doing.

Finally Toby seemed to sense that something was going on, and Kelly held his breath as Toby sat up straighter in his chair and craned his neck toward where Jason and Zach were, taking in the situation at a glance.

"Jesus Christ, you'd think they were newlyweds or something." Toby flung another throw pillow and it hit Jason square in the back. Jason raised his head from Zach's nipple, which he had been enthusiastically licking and sucking, to Zach's apparent enjoyment if his little gasps and moans were anything to go by. Jason's lips were moist and swollen, and his face flushed, as he smirked at Toby.

"Get your own man. Mine's busy," he growled, bending his head back to his task, pushing Zach's legs apart and sliding to the floor to kneel between them, kissing his way down Zach's stomach.  He went to work on Zach's belt, then unsnapped his jeans. Kelly was unashamedly watching, turned on beyond belief, as Jason lowered his head and took Zach into his mouth. From his position, Kelly couldn't see anything except Jason's head bobbing up and down in Zach's lap, but he could hear Jason's little sounds of enjoyment that were somewhat muffled by his full mouth. Zach's head was thrown back against the couch, his mouth open, as he groaned deep in his chest, his breath coming in pants.

Kelly was painfully hard in his jeans, his cock pressing against the zipper. He reached down to adjust himself, glancing guiltily over at Toby as he did so. Toby's eyes were glittering, his lips pressed together. Zach let out another aching moan, and Kelly looked at them just in time to see Zach grasp Jason's hair and hold him still while he thrust up hard into Jason's mouth.

"That's it, baby. You know how I like it, don't you, you sexy little fuck?  Oh, yeah!" At Zach's cry, Kelly had had enough. He was horny, his man was sitting right there, and Kelly was going to get some. He stood up and stalked toward Toby's chair. Toby's eyes widened as Kelly straddled him, shoving him back down into his chair. He thrust his fingers into Toby's hair and yanked his head back, growling, "Kiss me. Now."

Toby reached up, grasped Kelly's chin and took his mouth in a hard kiss, thrusting his tongue deep, and Kelly groaned in pleasure.

"I've missed you," he panted when Toby came up for air. Toby didn't answer, just angled his head to deepen the kiss, his tongue stroking Kelly's, nipping and sucking at Kelly's lips. He finally pulled back, his thumb stroking along Kelly's mouth, soothing the slight sting. Kelly could feel that his lips were swollen, so sensitive, and Toby's eyes darkened as he looked at him.

"Fuck, I want you," he grated. "Let's go to bed." Whether it was the alcohol coursing through his system, or a kink that Kelly didn't even know he had, but something prompted him to whisper, "No bed. Right here."

Toby's eyes widened in shock, and then filled with heat. "So I have an exhibitionist for a boyfriend, do I?" he murmured, his lips glancing off of Kelly's as he spoke.

"Do you mind?" Kelly breathed, his tongue chasing Toby's. In answer, Toby grabbed Kelly's hand and pressed it to the erection that was tenting the front of his sweatpants, groaning as Kelly grasped it firmly, squeezing.

"You gonna give me a little of what Zach's getting, huh, sweetheart?" Toby purred, his hips moving in little circles as Kelly stroked him. Kelly leaned down and sucked Toby's earlobe between his teeth, biting down before whispering in his ear, "Take what you want, Toby."

Moving with lightning speed, Toby pushed Kelly off of him, slamming the footrest of the recliner down with a thrust of his legs. He stood up, yanking his t-shirt over his head as he went, pushing his sweatpants down and off, kicking them aside impatiently, his enormously erect cock springing up to slap his belly, leaving a wet smear. 

He grabbed the front of Kelly's t-shirt and hauled him close for a brutal kiss, thrusting his tongue deep before using that same grip on his t-shirt to force Kelly to his knees. Toby grasped Kelly's hair with one hand, pulling his head close, his other hand gripping the base of his own cock. He slapped it against Kelly's cheek a few times before tracing the weeping head around Kelly's open mouth.

"Wrap your lips around me," he ordered hoarsely, groaning as Kelly slid his mouth over his cock, sucking the head, flicking the underside with his tongue the way he knew Toby liked it.

"Deeper, Kel," Toby encouraged. "That's it, baby, take more of me."  Toby thrust carefully, and Kelly gagged, pulling off of Toby's cock with a gasp, leaving a trail of saliva that clung precariously to his lower lip. Toby used his thumb to gather it up, slicking up Kelly's lips with it.

"You're going to relax, and take me all the way, Kel. You hear me?" Toby growled. "This sexy mouth was made to be fucked." He pulled down on Kelly's lower lip, then released it. Again gripping his cock at the base, he guided Kelly's head in with his other hand. "Open."

Kelly opened his lips, letting Toby feed him his cock, making a conscious effort to relax his tongue and throat, breathing through his nose, reveling in the sound of Toby's aching groan as he took Toby deep.

"That's it, baby, oh yeah. So hot and wet, feels so fucking good."

Toby slid his hands over Kelly's hair in a tender caress before threading his fingers in and gripping tightly. He pulled almost out, then surged back in carefully, gauging Kelly's tolerance before starting a slow thrust, his hands guiding Kelly's head. Kelly braced his hands on Toby's thighs, letting Toby move him in the rhythm he wanted, sucking and licking enthusiastically, reveling in Toby's sounds of pleasure, the way his neck arched back, the movement of his hips as he fucked Kelly's mouth.  Finally Toby tightened his grip on Kelly's hair, and pulled Kelly off of him. He hauled Kelly to his feet and kissed him brutally, his hands busy undoing Kelly's jeans and shoving them down, pulling his t-shirt over his head and throwing it aside. Kelly kicked it all away, then gasped as Toby shoved him backwards into the recliner. Kelly landed hard and sprawled there, and Toby surged forward and hooked his hands underneath Kelly's knees, pushing his legs apart and draping one over each armrest of the recliner. Kelly lay there, panting, spread wide. Toby's eyes traced hotly over Kelly's body, lingering on the erect cock that bobbed in time with Kelly's heartbeat.

"Your turn," Toby growled, "and I made sure you have a nice view of the action." He jerked his head in the direction of where Jason and Zach were, and Kelly had to hurriedly grasp the base of his cock to stave off the orgasm that threatened to boil out of him at the sight. 

Jason was totally naked now, straddling Zach, facing him, his hands braced on the back of the couch on either side of Zach's head. They were kissing, tongues flashing as they thrust deep. Two of Zach's fingers were buried deep in Jason's ass, fucking in and out of him slowly, deeply. Zach's other hand rested lightly on the glistening skin of Jason's lower back as Jason moved his hips in languid circles, riding Zach's fingers, little cries breaking from him as he was pleasured from the inside. As Kelly watched, Zach twisted and scissored his fingers, opening Jason up, then withdrawing completely before shoving back inside again.

Toby grabbed Kelly's hips and pulled him to the edge of the chair so that his ass almost hung off the edge, then leaned in and engulfed Kelly's cock in his hot, wet mouth, taking him deep, the muscles of Toby's throat massaging the head as he swallowed around it.

Kelly arched off the chair like he'd been struck by lightning, his teeth gritted, his fingers digging into the arms of the chair as he fought not to come in the first 30 seconds. Toby pulled off of Kelly's cock with a smack, then gripped it hard and started a leisurely, thorough licking, going from base to tip and back again, his other hand rolling Kelly's swollen balls, hefting them, leaning down to suck on them.

"Watch them, Kel. Watch them fuck each other," he murmured, tracing the ridge around the head of Kelly's cock before flicking the underside, the tip of his tongue tickling the sensitive nerves.

Kelly watched the other couple, his whole body tense as he fought not to come, as Zach pulled his fingers out of Jason's well-prepared ass, grasping his own dripping cock by the base and positioning it upright so that Jason could lower himself onto it. As the plump head slipped inside Jason, Zach moved his hands and spread Jason's ass cheeks impossibly wide, treating Kelly to the sight of Zach's cock entering Jason inch by inch, the muscles of Jason's hole stretched wide to accommodate Zach's more-than-healthy erection. Kelly could hear them both moan as Zach slid deeper, going agonizingly slowly, drawing it out. Finally Jason was fully seated in Zach's lap, his ass resting on Zach's thighs, Zach's cock deep inside him.

Zach grasped Jason's hips, whispering hoarsely, "Ride me, Jason. Make yourself feel good."

Jason covered Zach's hands with his and started a slow, languid circling of his hips, not moving up and down, just sexy circles, massaging himself on the inside with Zach's thick cock. Jason let his head drop back, a growl coming from deep inside his chest as the pleasure built. Zach moved one of his hands around between their bodies, and although Kelly couldn't see exactly what was happening, by the sudden arching of Jason's back and his cry, he knew that Zach was jacking him. 

Little stuttering moans came from Jason's lips as he leaned back, bracing his hands on Zach's knees. This new position gave Kelly a clear view of Zach's slick hand moving up and down Jason's erect cock, the angry purple head appearing and disappearing from view through the tunnel of Zach's fist, the tip wet and slick with the evidence of Jason's excitement. As Kelly watched, a large bead of clear fluid welled up and slid down over Zach's gripping fingers, Zach gathering it up and using it to jack Jason even harder.

The sight pushed Kelly over the edge, and with a shout, he came hard, Toby barely having time to cover Kelly with his lips before Kelly exploded, pulses of hot cum jetting out. Toby did his best to swallow it down, but some leaked out of the corners of his mouth, dripping down his chin. Pulling off of Kelly, Toby licked him clean, then used his thumb to gather the fluid clinging to his own chin and sucked it off, his eyes holding Kelly's the whole time.

Standing up on his knees, he leaned close to Kelly and whispered in his ear, "You're a bad boy, Kel. You didn't have permission to come yet, did you?" Kelly panted, his heart pounding at the promise in Toby's eyes. Toby gripped the back of his neck and pulled him into a brutal kiss, thrusting his tongue deep inside Kelly's mouth. Kelly knew what he wanted and sucked on Toby's tongue, taking the taste of himself inside his own mouth, letting the little whimpering sounds that he knew drove Toby insane escape from the back of his throat.

Toby yanked Kelly up from the chair and shoved him facedown over the plush arm of the nearest couch, his hand on the back of Kelly's neck pushing the side of his face down into the soft leather. He kicked Kelly's legs apart with his own, his free hand coming down to massage Kelly's swollen, sensitive balls. Kelly moaned plaintively at the over-stimulation, his hands digging into the couch cushions above his head.

"I want you hard again, Kel, hard and dripping wet. Your orgasms are mine, you hear me?" Toby punctuated his words with a sharp slap to one of Kelly's ass cheeks, and Kelly gasped loudly.

"I can't...not so soon," he panted. Toby leaned over him, threading his hand in Kelly's hair and yanking his head back hard, causing a painful arch in Kelly's neck.

"You can. You can and you will," Toby said, his voice low and dangerous. The thrill rocketed through Kelly, and his spent cock gave a twitch. Toby pushed Kelly's face back into the couch cushion and then bit down hard in the junction of Kelly's neck and shoulder, sucking up a mark that Kelly knew would leave a large bruise. Kelly felt a sense of satisfaction deep inside him. He wanted to belong to Toby, he wanted Toby to own him.

Toby released his neck and soothed the slight sting with his tongue, and then trailed his way down Kelly's back with light sucking kisses, down to where Kelly's ass was thrust high in the air, resting over the oversized padded arm of the leather couch.

"Keep your arms over your head, and don't move," Toby growled in warning, nipping at Kelly's ass cheek and the welt there from the earlier blow. He swiveled the recliner to face Kelly, then sat down on the edge, the angle perfect for him to...Kelly arched up with a cry as Toby spread his ass cheeks wide and delved between them with his hot, wet mouth and tongue. He then yelped as Toby gave him two very sharp slaps on his already stinging ass cheeks.
