 If you've read my story "It Started At the Bookstore," I told how I wound up abandoning the anonymity of the glory holes at the Adult Book Store near me for an in person visit with Dom, a magnetic guy with a gorgeous body (6'2", sculpted muscles including abs and a beautiful butt) that came attached to a magnificent, 10" cut cock. I went with him because he whispered "nothing will happen that you don't want to happen," and consequently I became his cock slave. [You don't have to read it but if you enjoy what follows it is worth visiting.]

I spent one glorious night getting fucked with Dom's big dick and discovering how all I wanted to do was please him. However he wanted, frankly. I walked bowlegged for a few days. Aspirin handled any aches, but what wasn't handled was my preoccupation with what I had been through. I let a stranger treat me like property. He fucked with me as well as fucked me. He did what I didn't know I had wanted - to be fucked long and hard, treated like a slut, and then be dismissed like the worthless faggot I knew myself to be. Damn me if I didn't want it again! 

Work for the next few days was periods of occasional productivity interspersed with visions of him. His dick. Bending over and pulling him into my ass. I must have jerked off in the men's room at least 3 times a day. 

Nights weren't any better. I went home, opened my computer to find images or videos that reminded me of him - yeah, big dicks on big men - and of us - little men at the beck and call of those big men. The first night, I was simply waiting for his call. Since I didn't have any sex toys - or at least, none that were his size - I improvised. I found a cucumber in the kitchen that was as fat as his cock, although not as large, and I alternated between attempting to deep throat it and then stuffing it up my ass. My thinking was that practice would make it easier for me to let him fuck me and I hoped I was right. But mostly I hoped he'd call and tell me to come over and serve him. 

On the third night, about 7PM, the phone rang. "Hello," I answered. 

"This is Dom. Get over here in the next hour or you won't ever come over here again." And then he hung up. It was a good thing I was really familiar with the route to his home - an hour was plenty of time. 

I changed into sweat pants (without briefs) and a t-shirt, ready for anything. 30 minutes later I was ringing his bell.

The door opened. He answered the door in just gym shorts and sandals. All 6'2" inches of muscular, tanned and mouth watering master. My cock sprung to attention. "Get in here and get naked. Then get on your knees," he commanded.

No problem. Off with the t-shirt, sandals and sweats, and there I was, on my knees in his living room, naked, my 6 inch dick hard and quivering, eyes locked on the bulge in his shorts. 

"Not bad," he said. "What do you think, guys?"

I was stunned. There were other people in the room that I hadn't even seen in my rush. My erection wilted and I felt myself blushing all over. 

"Rich, remember, I said you were mine. Are you going to do what I tell you? Or are you going to walk out now?" he asked. 

I took one look at him, that huge bulge in his gym shorts, the stunning body and there was only one answer. I simply stayed where I was and waited. 

"That's good, little one. Isn't that good, fellas?" he asked to whoever was behind me. I heard two grunts of assent. "Now, get over here and show my buddies how you love to suck my cock."

I didn't need to be told twice. I scooted forward until I was directly in front of him and pressed my mouth up against the front of his shorts, right on that hot meat. I moved up and down it, soaking through his shorts. He put his hands into the waste band, stepped back for a minute and stepped out of them, and there was that cock I had been seeing in my wishes and dreams: 10 inches long, as thick as a RedBull can, with a head the size of a tennis ball and balls like golf balls in his nutsack. Then he grabbed my head and moved my face up and down the length of it. I didn't need any more - I stuck out my tongue and bathed that big dick with all the saliva I could muster. By the time he had my mouth positioned at the head every inch was wet from my mouth.  

"Open wide, little one." The way he said it made me shiver. 

I opened as wide as I could, and then anticipated his move - I dove onto that hot dick and didn't stop until he was deep in my throat and my tongue was lapping at his balls. I started swallowing to massage his cock and felt it grow harder and larger, and when he moaned I almost came from knowing I was pleasing him. He held my head down on it as I worked to breathe through my nose, but eventually let go and I pulled back. 

"See what a good cock sucker I found?" he asked his friends. "You might want to get naked so I can introduce you." 

I heard the sounds of clothes coming off, and soon he was flanked by two other guys who were almost as impressive as he was! He gestured to the one on his left - about as tall, with a little more body fat, as hairy as some sort of animal, with a fat cock that was shorter than his but wider around. Fatter. Thicker. "This is Animal. Some people refer to him as a bear. You get to call him sir."

"Yes, Dom. Hello Sir. I'm Rich and I do what Dom tells me." 

Dom nodded. "You've been thinking about this, haven't you, little one?" 

"I've only been thinking of this," I said. "I've been unable to get you and that cock out of my mind, sir."

"Good" he answered. "Pretty soon you'll have even more to remember. Come suck Animal's dick. But don't make him cum."

I reached for that thick cock, cautiously, expecting to be told "no hands" like he'd done the first night we were together, but he just smiled at me and my heart melted. I was making him happy! Then I took one hand and lifted Animal's hairy balls, feeling their weight as they moved around in their sack; with the other I was moving my fingers up and down the thickness of him, like little insects touching different parts, just getting a sense of how thick that cock was. I moved as much of my hand to surround it as I was able and began to stroke him from the base to the head as I moved my mouth to him. I extended my tongue and began to tease the head of his cock, licking and flicking at it, moving around and around the head, then underneath to that sensitive ridge of flesh and nerve, then licking that fat dick like a lollipop. 

"Suck him, little one, don't play with him!" was Dom's command. I moved back to face his cock head on, opened my mouth as wide as I could, and just managed to get the head of it into my face. I had to keep working to relax my jaw so I wouldn't get him with my teeth, and in the meantime I kept stroking his hardening dick with both hands. 

"He's good," grunted Animal. "You love sucking dick, don't ya, Rich?" I made a noise approximating a yes that really came out as a moan. "Hey, keep making noises while you suck. It feels really good!" 

At that point, I was determined to impress them all, so I forced myself down that fat dick, my lips stretching, my tongue moving as fast as possible, taking it deeper and deeper until it was at the back of my throat. I kept it there, humming and stroking and rubbing and licking. Every time I tried to relax the back of my throat, though, I couldn't get the head into it, so I did everything else I could to make him happy. It must have been working, because suddenly he grabbed my head and pulled me off. I was disappointed, but then, Dom had said not to make him cum...

"Oh man, you really love cock, don't you!" said Animal. "We are so going to have fun..."

Dom interrupted. "We still have one more person to introduce you too, little one." (I was beginning to feel something when he called me that. Like a kind of happiness. Of some sort.) "This gentleman here is Elmo. Again, you get to call him sir."

Standing on the side of Dom was a huge black dude. He was at least two inches taller than Dom, outweighed him by some amount, and had muscles that must have come from hours in a weight room. His biceps were thicker than my thighs! His shaved head reflected the light in the room; as I slowly took in the view of him, I saw washboard abs, lean muscles and then there was his dick.

I was speechless. It wasn't as thick as Animal's, or even as long as Dom's but somewhere in the middle of both. The other part of it was that it wasn't circumcised. The foreskin revealed a bright red helmet inside of it, and instead of sticking up it curved downward, as if gravity was struggling to contain it. He was - like Dom - completely shaved and his balls were massive. He was slowly running his hands up and down that snake, stopping at the head to move his hand in a circle then running it back down. 

Elmo laughed and said "Damned if he don't look like a deer in the headlights! Hey little one, you want some of this black meat?"

I nodded, moved over to him, looked up and said "May I suck your cock, sir? May I make it cum and swallow every drop?"

He looked at Dom and Animal. "Let's get this party started!"

With that I went to work on that black cock, and grabbed Animal's thick slab of meat as well. Dom asked me "did you clean up already?" and I nodded. "Very good, little man." (I shivered with pleasure as he named me.) 

With that he stepped behind me and began to play with my ass. Slowly, working his hands over every inch of my ass, working his hand into my ass and playing with my hole. He stopped for a minute and I heard him open some sort of container and then felt a cool liquid running down my ass. 

Dom worked the lube into my hole, deeper and deeper, spreading it wider and wider with first one finger, then another and then another, working my asshole to stretch me for him. 

"Alright, everyone, stop for a minute. Let's move this to the other room," he said. 

He turned to lead the way.I was surrounded by big men. Strong men. I was their toy and I was anxious to make them all happy. I leaned back against them as we moved and had their hands also running up and down my ass as we moved. I was quivering with anticipation. As we stepped into the next room, Dom stepped aside as if to unveil an attraction. And what he had was something like a vaulting horse, but smaller. The top was padded, and there were straps at each of the legs. I almost came then and there! 

"Lie on your stomach little one." Again, I felt that shiver of pleasure when he called me that name. "Let your arms and legs run down the sides." He helped me to get into position, and by the time I was done my ass was positioned at one edge and my mouth at the other. 

"Fasten the him down," he said, speaking to Animal and Elmo. I was now secured to a leather padded table, held down and completely vulnerable. At that point I started to cum. 

"I think he figured out what the rest of tonight's about - and it looks like he likes it!" said Elmo. 

"Here are your rules, little one. The only sperm that can hit the floor is yours. You need to make sure that every drop of ours stays in you. If you don't, there will be consequences. Understand?" asked Dom. I nodded. 

"Good. Now I think you better open your mouth so Elmo can use it to dump his cum. And I am going to take that ass to set the stage for Animal" said Dom. Animal grunted, and slowly stroked his thick monster. That was the last thing I saw since my vision was blocked by the black, gleaming abs attached to the wonderful cock moving in and out of my mouth. Elmo used that tool as if my mouth were a pussy and he was going to touch every inch - he didn't just fuck my face, he made love to my mouth. I kept taking in as much as he fed me until he was fucking my throat, banging my nose on his stomach and shoving his balls into my chin. Saliva dripped around the cock that he kept pistoning in and out. 

Then I felt more lube in and around my ass, and the big head of Dom's cock pressed up against my hole. I pressed down as if taking a dump and he drove in about 6 inches. It was exquisite. No pain, just a feeling of being stretched and filled. He began to concentrate, slowly working himself deeper and deeper. Every thrust pulled me up against the straps and drove me forward onto Elmo's cock. Later I learned that this was what was known as "spit roasting." I was skewered on almost two feet of cock. I figured they were going to bump into one another if they both drove in at once! All I was at that point was a receptacle for cock. It was like they were the same at both ends, but if I concentrated, they were different as well. Two powerful men with big cocks were using me for whatever they wanted. I surrendered to the sensation. 

Dom's movements grew jerky. His thrusts were deep. Hard. As if he wanted to drive that monster all the way into me. Elmo was pounding my face like a jackhammer, driving his fat tool down my throat and pulling it back to repeat and repeat and repeat. And then, just like that, I felt the insides of my guts being blasted by Dom's hot, juicy, sperm. He kept cumming and cumming, thrusting and humping and pressed completely into me until his spurts stopped and he basically collapsed on my back. Moments later Elmo embedded his cock down my throat and I felt him twitch and pulse and blast hot streams into my belly. I swallowed and swallowed and swallowed, determined to keep every drop so as not to be punished. I was their cum dump. Stretched, sweating, my ass burning and my breath caught. Cum started to come out of my nose, around the base of Elmo's dick as he pulled away. 

"That was pretty hot," said Animal. "Glad you prepped his ass for me, Dom. Now get out of the way because I am going to fuck him stupid." With that Dom slowly withdrew, all the while reminding me to tighten up and keep his cum from spilling out. Elmo pulled out gradually, still spewing cum in smaller and smaller amounts. I kept swallowing, and he did me a favor and wiped anything on my face into my skin with his dick. Now all that was left was that beer can between Animal's legs. 

It was a very good thing that Dom had gone first. Between the lube and his cum, as well as just the pounding he'd given my ass, I was almost numb. But not completely. Animal wiped his dick up and down my cracked. I could feel precum dripping on my balls. 

"Please use more lube, sir. Please!" I whispered. 

"Don't you worry, little one (that felt different than when Dom said it - good, but I didn't find myself shivering with pleasure.), I'll take care of you." And then I felt that cold, sticky feeling as he showered my butt with it and worked it into me. It felt like a fucking beer can, pressing into my ass. I did the thing I read that works - I pressed down hard. That opened me up and in went some portion of him. I think I screamed.

"Hey Dom, stick something in his mouth so he don't scream again" said Animal. And suddenly Dom's slightly shrunken dick was in my face, still covered in his cum and lube, and I simply opened my mouth to let it in. I felt it stir, like some sort of beast, as I worked on cleaning all that off my master's member. Then Animal pushed hard and split me wider. I was crying - I felt the tears - but I was determined to simply "take it like a man." I wanted them to use me again and again. Whatever the reason, it was all I could do to concentrate on Dom's cock as Animal drove deeper and deeper into my aching ass like running a railroad train up my ass. Eventually I felt his balls up against mine, and then he began pumping for all he was worth. I gingerly tried to squeeze my ass around his cock and with that he started cumming. It was like he blasted a fire hose up my tired ass. 

Eventually he finished. Dom withdrew his now clean (but limp) dick from my face. Elmo undid the straps at my hands and legs and they all helped me stand and stumble to the bathroom where I wasted all that cum into the toilet. When I came out the three of them were relaxed on the couch and an easy chair, still naked, their cocks swollen but not hard. 

"What do you think, guys?" asked Dom. 

"That is one fine cock sucker," said Elmo. "If he can deep throat you, keep him."

"And he seemed to like my dick," said Animal. "Keep him - but share him."

"You hear that, little one? Looks like you have a position here as cum dump!" 

I shivered in happiness and curled up at his feet.