 I wake up naked on a bed in a darkened room, disoriented. Opening my eyes, I see men surrounding the bed, wearing suits and masks. "What the fuck is happening?" I think, terrified. The men's penises are jutting erect from their pants. "Holy shit" I think as I notice their size. Not a single one of the men is poorly endowed.

Suddenly, the men move, grabbing my arms and legs, climbing onto the bed. "No, wait" I protest, as a man moves next to my head and shoves his penis towards my mouth. Another hand grabs my head and pushes me towards it. I open my mouth to shout but the man shoves himself inside me. "Oh my god!" I think, as his erect penis fills my mouth.

While this is happening, my hands are placed onto two more hard cocks. My fingers wrap around their thick shafts, and I slowly jerk them off, afraid to anger them if I resist. The skin of their cocks rolls over their hard shafts, while the man in my mouth pumps himself in and out. Surprisingly, his cock does't taste nearly as bad as I had expected. It's warm and slightly salty, I can taste and smell his manly sweat. Precum leaks from the tip of his cock and I'm surprised again to find that it tastes good. I begin to relax and slowly bob my head, jerking the two cocks in my hands a little more rapidly.

Suddenly I feel my legs hoisted upward. I pull my head off of the stranger's dick and look down. One of the men has covered his cock with lube and is guiding it toward my ass. "No wait, it won't fit!" I protest weakly. I feel the enourmous head push against my asshole, and I groan, "fuck" as it begins to stretch me open. The man pushes, and the head slides in, followed by the shaft. "Oh fuck, fuck!" I shout with pain. He keeps pushing his cock into me, deeper and deeper, and I try to relax. As I relax, I'm surprised. The pain slowly goes away, and is replaced with a pleasurable fullness. He begins to slowly pump in and out of me, and I turn my head and pull a new cock into my mouth.

I'm startled by my own enthusiasm, but I can't stop myself. I greedily jerk the two fat cocks, moaning around the third fat cock in my mouth while a fourth fat cock pumps in and out of my asshole.

The man inside of my mouth grabs my head suddenly, and begins to fuck my mouth. I open wide and try to relax my throat, but his huge cock makes me gag and choke. Tears roll down my cheeks and saliva coats his shaft as he throatfucks me. Suddenly, he groans and his cock becomes rock hard. Thick jets of cum shoot into my mouth. I choke briefly, but start swallowing once I taste the salty warm spunk. "Fuuuck" the man moans as I eagerly suck the jizz from his throbbing cock.

Seconds later, the man fucking my ass starts to moan. This time I know what's coming, and I push back against his cock, excited to feel him cum inside me. This sets him off, and he lays on top of me as he pumps his hot seed into my ass.

The two men pull their dicks out of my mouth and ass, cum oozing from my gaping hole. I look around, and see that their are still a lot of hard dicks waiting to cum. "Who's next?" I hear myself say.

One of the men lies down onto the bed. His cock is black, and uncircumcised. I lean over him and take him into my mouth. He slides into my throat and I press my head down, gagging and drooling on the big black dick filling my throat. I pull my head up, gasping, and climb onto the man, squatting above him. I carefully lower myself, grabbing his shaft and guiding him into my ass. His cock is bigger than the previous man's, and I feel my ass stretching as he impales me.

Three men climb onto the bed and shove their dicks into my face. Without hesitation, I grab two of them and start stroking, taking the third into my throat. I bounce up and down on the thick shaft up my ass, while I take turns with the three cocks in front of me, sucking and stroking, stroking and sucking. The men are all oozing precum, and I lick it greedily from their swollen cock heads, slurping and sucking them, tasting their sweat and cum.

"Wasn't their one more guy?" I think to myself, moments before a strong pair of arms pushes me down onto the cock I'm riding. The hands push me forward onto the man below me, and I brace myself against his muscular chest. "Oh shit, no way! You'll tear me in half!" I shout as the man behind me pushes his head against my already-occupied hole. "Fuck fuck fuck, yes, fuck yes, yes yes yes!" I shout, as the cock pushes, then slides into my ass. "FUCK YES! FUCK MY ASS HARD!" I yell, as the two cocks stretch my ass to the breaking point. They slide against each other easily, slick with lube and cum and sweat. The feeling of these two huge cocks, filling my insides, thrusting and sliding around, is ectasy. I take my hands from the muscled chest below me and resume pleasuring the three cocks in front of me.

The men fuck me like this for what feels like an eternity of pleasure. Two huge cocks, thrusting in and out of my ass, stretching me, fucking me like a girl. Three more cocks to pleasure with my mouth and hands. I gag on the cock in my mouth, trying to take as much of the shaft as possible. I take them two at a time, filling my mouth with their salty heads and slurping away greedily with my tongue. I jerk them off, squeezing their shafts, unable to wrap my hands around them completely, cradling their big dangling balls. Meanwhile the men behind and below me are both pounding my newfound man-pussy.

One of the men I am jacking off groans. I pull the cock out of my mouth and yank him towards me. Wrapping both of my hands around his rigid shaft, I jerk him rapidly, trying to milk the cum out of him. He groans again, and I open my mouth as cum jets from his cock. I taste the saltiness, the warmth, as it coats my tongue. He shoots rope after rope, nearly filling my mouth with his load. Before I can swallow, one of the other men shoves his dick into my mouth, grunts, and starts shooting a big load of his own. I jerk and suck him eagerly and my mouth fills to the brim with the two huge cumshots. I swirl my tongue around, tasting the stringy jizz, and swallow/ The cock pulls out of my mouth, but is immediately replaced by the third man, who grabs the back of my head.

This is the point where I knew I would never turn back from this life. I knew that I would always be a slut, craving hard dicks and big loads in my mouth and ass. The three remaining men all start fucking me as hard as possible. I push my hands against the muscled chest of the man below me, feeling his hard abs and pecs, as I get gangfucked by at least 30 inches of solid cockmeat. I gag and slurp at the dick that is fucking me in the mouth, while I bounce back against the two cocks fuckingmy ass. All at once, the men all begin to shoot inside me. Cum fills my mouth, and I feel the two cocks inside of me slipping and sliding against each other, pulsing and shooting huge loads of warm jizz into my ass. They fill me with their seed, and it pours out of my ass when the two cocks slide out. They're both slick with jizz, and I spin around and greedily suck them. I slurp up as much of the cum and sweat and lube as I can, swallowing it eagerly along with the load in my mouth.

I collapse onto the bed and pass out, my stomach and my ass filled with the cum, my hole gaped wide open and sticky with jizz. When I awaken again, I am alone in my own bedroom. To this day I don't know what happened, but it awaked something inside me. A craving for masculinity, for muscle and sweat and cockmeat, for hot men fucking my ass and mouth and my hands, and for cum, to taste and swallow and to fill my ass. Things would never be the same again.