 Wow, I am totally done, I thought to myself before 10 hot, sexy men entered the room with no clothes on. 

"These are my friend's boyfriends...have fun!" Carrie said. I am all tied down with my ass slightly exposed and yet these guys were kind to me, they untied me and let me loose. I stood up and saw the look on their faces, each one was staring at my body, my dick, my ass. I was surrounded. I didn't know what to do. I have handled two, even four guys as once, but not ten! 

The first guy to make a move came up from behind me. He began to lick, suck and bite my neck while I closed my eyes and put my right hand on the back of his head. I didn't see anything after that but I can tell you that another guy came in front of me and began to kiss me passionately, with ever so much tongue. I felt a bunch of hand touch the sides of my body and slowly towards my penis, which was still incredibly hard. I was jerked off and licked at the same time. All this time my eyes are still closed and I was just letting them do as they pleased. 

"Don't worry fellas, he wants to be dominated," said my sweet and loving Carrie.

Immediately I was pushed to my knees. Here I am, with what seemed to be an endless circle of dicks poking at my face. I instinctively grabbed two and sucked on one. Sucking and sucking, in and out, getting that cock down my throat was no problem, but remembering to jerk the other two off was tough because I was enjoying the taste of this stud. 

I looked up and I saw him smiling at me, but then he grabbed the back of my head and I was brought back to looking at this lower stomach. He was so sexy, with his chiseled abs and appetizing tool that I just let him face fuck me. He was pounding me and I took it like the pro I practiced to be. 

Carrie would sometimes dress in a strap-on and do me like a slut. I would suck her and let her fuck me and all the time I learned to ease the tension of the parts of my body so that she could do more physically. This guy was the real deal. He was holding my ears and just fucked away at my mouth. Not before long he pulled me ever so close that my bottom lip was touching his balls and he shot what seemed to be an endless load down my throat. The two dicks I was jerking shot their loads on their respective sides of my face. 

Shit! So much cum on me and so little time. Without any hesitation the next nameless guy stood me up, gave my face one long lick on the cheek and then pushed me down onto all fours. He presented his tool and I gladly accepted. I was licking his shaft and licking a bit of balls when another guy approached my ass. I felt his hot breath on my gaping ass and then a warm hot tongue. 

Ooooohhh dear lord that felt great. My back door was a bit sore from the girls but this was really doing the job on me. Then when I thought I couldn't get enough, what seemed like the biggest cock in the world entered my man-gina. This guy was really into it. He grabbed my hips and did this little 'J' motion into me and was really hitting my, what I can only describe as my, 'G'-spot. He was really into it. I wanted to turn and look at him but the guy I was sucking kept my head toward him. 

I felt two more hungry snakes at my face and gladly took them in hand. Here I am, the middle of a gay gangbang. I big cock up my ass, one in my mouth and one for each hand. I thought it couldn't be anymore sexier until I heard the ladies having orgasms. They must have been watching and getting busy lesbian style the whole time...but who cares, I am soon to have a lot of cum in me and I can't wait!!!

All of the dicks focused on me stopped and I got on my back and saw all 10 guys smiling at me. Then one of the guys entered my ass again and one in my mouth again. Two guys knelt beside me and I jerked them off. The rest of the guys jerked themselves off while saying things like, "this sexy guy is guna be so drenched!" and "Take that dick baby, you suck so fucking good!" 

MAN I FEEL SO GOOD!!!! The Alcohol and my cock are just mixing perfectly!!! What seemed like hours went by and then the cock in my mouth was pulsing. Right before I got the taste of the man, he said "alright boys! Let's hose this boy down!"

Loads of cum just filled my mouth, some erupted out of my mouth and onto my chin and down my cheek. The guy in my ass held my ass close for one long hard push and came so much and so deep inside of me that his cum ran down my ass in along my crack...it kind of tickled. The cocks I was jerking came on me all over the place. On my face, the floor and my neck. I opened my eyes to see what was going on and then, like a 21 gun salute, all the other guys came. AND BOY DID THEY CUM!!!!

Streams of hot creamy cum went all over me. Some went into my mouth, which was open for anyone, while the rest went all over my body. With all that cum on me I just laid there squirming in delight, with the feeling of so much sex, love and fuck on me. AH I AM IN HEAVEN!!!

Each guy took their turn licking and kissing me with cum in their mouths. I was tasting it all, and not minding one bit. When they all left with their girlfriends I heard some female moans going on and I assume they were all having some sort of group orgy in my living room. Carrie just got on top my cock and just rode me till I came. 

"I Love you hunny, you really know how to put on a show!" She said while giving me the best ride of my life.

"Baby, anything for you." I replied with a smirk on my face.

The End?