 I met him one night when I decided to take some down time and drove out to the point, parking and watching the sunset. It had been a long week so I needed some time to myself. As I watched the last of the suns rays dive down below the horizon, I noticed a car pull into the parking area and watched it, not really knowing why. It was driving slowly as if the driver was looking for something. It circled the lot then came back in my direction. Now I was watching it because my curiosity was aroused. I wondered what he was up to and I didn’t have long to wait to find out.

The car pulled in to the parking stall right next to mine and the driver looked over at me with a smile on his face. I nodded and looked back at the disappearing light. When I looked back, the driver had gotten out of his car and was changing clothes right between his car and mine. I couldn’t help but look as he straightened up. He was totally naked and just standing still between the cars as if he was waiting for something. I couldn’t see his head above the roof but I could see everything else he had and I must admit, I was impressed.

He was well built and his cock hung down between his legs, it being longer than anything I had ever seen before. As I watched him, he seemed to be showing himself to me for whatever reason and my cock started to tingle a little. He seemed so natural as he stood there, letting me look at him. He must have known I would be as he turned towards me so I got a full frontal view. He stood there for a few minutes and then turned around, leaning on his car, extending his ass out towards me. Again, I admired his shape, his buns smooth and firm and as he ran his hand slowly over his ass, he drew his cheeks apart just enough so I could catch a glimpse of his hole.

It was a warm evening and I started to sweat as I continued looking at this man’s body being shown to me in such an open manner. I felt a trickle of sweat run down between my legs and the tickle spurred my cock to grow even more. Somehow, this man had mesmerized me and I couldn’t take my eyes off his naked form. Finally, as another car came into the parking lot at the far end, its headlights shining brightly, he moved so the glare of the lights caught him. Seeing him in the dim light, I noticed his cock was now semi erect and it was starting to rise even more as I watched. He reached down with his hand and wrapped it around himself, slowly rubbing up and down his length as it grew harder.

He ran his hand up and down himself a few more times and then turned so his erection was pointing straight at me. I noticed the wetness on the tip of his cock and he wiped it off, raising his hand out of my sight after doing so. By now, I was fully erect and my cock was straining against the fabric of my pants. I still couldn’t take my eyes off his erection as he stood and let me admire him in the cooling air. He waited until the car had parked and its lights were turned out. He walked around to my side of the car, still totally naked, his erection swaying as he walked. He came right up to my open window and stopped, his hard cock inches from my face as I sat watching it come closer and closer. 

“You like what you see?” he asked, in a deep raspy voice.

I just nodded but I’m not sure if he could see my reaction or not.

“If you like it so much, why don’t you touch it?” he asked in a low voice.

I slowly reached out and touched my first cock other than my own and felt its head. 

“That’s it, take it in your hand and rub it a little,” he said, moving closer to give me better access to his length. I ran my hand up and down his length as he groaned softly at my touch.

“You have a soft touch,” he said after a few minutes. “I wonder how your hot mouth would feel wrapped around me.”

I wondered too as I pulled his hard cock closer to my mouth, opening my lips and surrounding his head, gently sucking on it.

“Oh yeah, that’s it. Suck it,” he said through gritted teeth, a slow breath escaping from him as I tongued him. “Take as much as you can into your mouth,” he continued, moving so I didn’t have to bend out the window as much. “Take it all.”

He pushed the head as far back into my mouth as he could and I almost gagged when it hit the back of my throat. I reached up and held him with my hand as I continued sucking and licking him while he led me on.

“Yes, suck it. That’s it. Suck me harder.”

I did as he said and sucked on it as hard as I could, making him groan more and more. Suddenly, he pulled his cock out of my mouth and leaned down to look at me. 

“You like my ass too, don’t you,” he said, looking down at my straining cock. “Would you like to lick it too?”

Without another word, he turned around and thrust his ass at me, spreading his cheeks apart with his hands. All I could see was the whiteness of his cheeks and hands but I leaned forward and stuck my tongue out, touching his hole tentatively.

“Oh yeah, lick it,” he said. “Lick it and suck it.”

I ran my tongue up and down his crack as he pushed his ass at me. I found his hole and probed with the tip of my tongue, pushing against his opening. Suddenly, to my surprise, my tongue entered his ass and I found my tongue surrounded by hot, soft skin. I can’t describe the feeling but I extended my tongue as far as I could, trying to get deeper into him as he pushed against me, trying to help me. I used my tongue like a small cock and fucked his ass with it. He was groaning louder now and soon I felt him start to move away as the cool air hit my hot, sweaty face.

“Um, that felt good,” he said turning around to face me again. “Would you like to do something else to my ass?” 

He hesitated, watching my face.

“Would you like to fuck my ass?” he asked.

For the first time I looked up at him and found myself looking into the eyes of a complete stranger. One who was offering me his ass to fuck. 

“Yes,” I answered softly. “I’d like to fuck your ass.”

“Well, come on then. I know just the place,” he said starting to walk away from the car.

I followed him with my eyes until I could hardly see him in the darkness then I got out of my car and followed him. He rounded some trees and stopped, waiting for me. I caught up to him and he reached out and grabbed my hard cock, right through my pants.

“Hmm, I think you’ll do just fine,” he said, quickly reaching for and undoing my pants. 

They were down around my ankles in no time and he helped me take my shirt off too. I stepped out of my pants and stood looking at him, completely naked, my hard cock sticking straight out at him. He reached out and wrapped his hand around my cock and I could see the grin on his face.

“You’re more than I expected,” he said, moving closer to me until I could feel his breath against my cheek.

”I think you’ll fuck me really good,” he said as he moved back a bit and bent over, his ass pointed at me, his cheeks open.

“First get me nice and wet,” he said, pushing his ass at me some more.

I leaned down and started tonguing his crack and around his hole, slobbering all over him, getting him as wet as I could. After a few minutes, I stood up and moved towards him, guiding my cock towards his hole. I thrust my hips forward and entered him easily, right to the hilt, my balls resting against his ass.

“Oh yeah, fuck me stud,” he said as I started to move in and out of him. “Fuck me good.”

My balls slapped against his cheeks every time I thrust fully into him and I ground myself against him, trying to get further inside him. I pounded away at him for what seemed like a long time before I felt the familiar feeling starting in my balls.

“I’m coming,” I almost yelled as my balls slapped his ass one more time. “I’m coming,” I grunted as I exploded deep inside his canal, sending waves of hot, sticky come up into him.

He groaned when he felt my cock spurt the first wave of come and pushed back against me as I held myself tight to his ass, pumping my load into him. My legs started to shake and I thought, for a moment, that I was going to fall but I held myself up against him for support. Finally after emptying my balls into him, I started to pull out of him as he groaned and moaned beneath me. Finally, my head popped out of him and I fell back on the grass, panting and trying to catch my breath as he slumped forward onto his knees.

“That was the best fuck I’ve had in a long time,’” he said after a few more minutes. “Anytime you want my ass, you can have it.”

I nodded and started to gather up my clothes. He didn’t move but watched me as I dressed. When I finished and turned to leave, he held out his hand and I helped him to his feet. Our mouths met briefly in a fleeting kiss and I turned and walked away. By the time I got back to my car, my head was spinning and I looked back to see if he was coming but he wasn’t there. I sat in my car for a few minutes, waiting for him but he never came so I left, my head, still a daze of thoughts as I drove out of the parking lot.

I thought about it all night and couldn’t get over how it felt to fuck a man up his ass. How tight it was and how erotic it seemed. The whole thing seemed so unreal. I went back many times to the parking lot after that but I never saw him again. Maybe some day, I’ll see him on the street since I know that ass so well. Until then, I’ll keep going back to the parking lot and hoping he comes too.