 A Sunday picnic in the public gardens with the extended family on a warm spring afternoon is hardly the time or place for a young man to lose his innocence, and yet this is precisely what happened.

I don't know what it was about the man that initially caught my attention; perhaps it was a sixth sense. What I remember most was the way he looked at me. I suddenly felt naked. I was terrified and yet exhilarated all at the same time. He seemed to be looking straight through me or perhaps, straight into me. I felt he knew what I was thinking, even though I wasn't thinking of anything in particular. I had a raging hard on and I didn't know why.

He motioned with his head to a bamboo thicket. I had my brothers and cousins all around me, and I shook my head to indicate "NO". He gave me such a look that a shiver ran through my spine before turning away and heading off over to the bamboo. I suggested to all the kids that we play hide and seek, and took of at high speed to the other side of the ornamental lake, as far away as possible from the man.

Then I secretly picked my way back, avoiding the aunts, uncles and other relatives that seemed to be fanning out across the park. I arrived at the bamboo without being spotted. My heart was pounding in my ears, my breath short and tight, and sweat beaded my brow. I pushed my way into the thick stiff stalks of the giant bamboo, feeling their coolness and weight against my skin before they gave just enough to let me squeeze between them. It was much cooler and quieter in the midst of the thicket, even though I was only metres away from where I had first seen the man. I might as well have been a hundred miles away.

Then I felt him. He grabbed me from behind and pulled me toward him, and into a clearing, which was no more than a patch of dirt of about a metre square. He spun me around and pressed his lips against mine and I was lost in the heat of the moment. The strength of his body seemed to sap me of any resistance, not that I wanted to resist him. He lifted me off the ground, leaving my legs dangling lifelessly, and I let him kiss me as hard and as tenderly as he wanted. I let him pull down my pants and remove my shirt. 

I shuddered as he took my tiny balls and gently rolled them between his thumb and fore finger. They were as tight as I had ever felt them, and he could have crushed them so easily if he chose to. The mixture of fear and excitement was intoxicating, and my little cock stood up straighter and taller than ever before.

Then a slippery finger pushed its way inside my ass. I was sure I was meant to feel pain and revulsion as he invaded me in this way. Why then did I feel so good? Why did my eyes roll back into my skull? Why did I arch my back, throw my head back and moan like a depraved animal each time his huge digit withdrew from within me then buried itself again to the knuckle? It was wonderful. I found myself squeezing and gyrating and working the untrained muscles of my ass in sync with his finger.

I heard him laugh a muffled yet unmistakably delighted, excited laugh. He was enjoying how I reacted to him. I wondered how foolish I must have looked, but I was beyond caring.

My hand found his huge throbbing cock and I began to slowly stroke it. I had never seen or felt such a thing. How wonderful it would be to have a cock of that size I thought to myself, as I squeezed it harder and stroked it a little more vigorously. How I wanted to lick it and suck it and play with it and....

I was prevented from getting too carried away by the sound of familiar voices. It was my Aunt Barbara and her dork son Charleston, only a metre or two away. They were looking for me. Charleston it appeared had seen me disappear into the bamboo. I froze in terror. This was a fear that knew no boundaries. My life would be over if I was caught. I could never explain, nor would I ever be forgiven. 

We stood like statues, rigid with sexual excitement and the fear of being caught, which only added to the exquisite tension. The seconds dragged by like hours, and I feared that my heart beat would give us away, for it seemed to be beating so loudly. But eventually they gave up their search. Neither of them could see beyond their noses, but it wouldn't be long before my mother came looking for me, and she would not give up so easily.

He took my mind off things by changing position. He removed his finger from inside me and let my body slide down until my feet were back on the ground. Then he knelt in front of me. His mouth engulfed my cock and started sucking it magnificently. Never had I felt such delirious pleasure, my own hand was the only thing that had ever touched my cock up until now. His middle finger once again found my ass and slid inside me, and it still felt too good. Within seconds I had cum. Only the frantic biting of my lip prevented me from crying out. It was so intense my legs buckled beneath me and I collapsed into his arms, which fortunately reached out to catch me.

I wanted to stay there forever. Nestled in his arms, my delicate white flesh pressing against his rough hairy, muscular body, my cum, his saliva and our sweat trickling down my thigh, and his finger buried deep inside me. My eyes were closed and I doubt I could have opened them, even if I tried. There was total silence except for our combined heartbeats, which were gradually slowing down. It felt like the whole world had stopped, just for my orgasm, and as I regained my composure, it too started to slowly spin again, the birds remembered their songs, and the insects re-commenced their chorus.

The man roused himself too. Lifting me gently and placing me on all fours in front of him, he commenced to apply some clear liquid to his huge, throbbing cock. He looked hungrily at my ass. I so wanted his cock inside me, and yet it so terrified me, being so big and hard and fat, and me being so small. Also the fear of being caught by my mother loomed in the back of my mind. She would be looking for me right now I thought.

I grabbed my pants and shirt and bolted toward an opening in the thicket. He growled like an angry bear and lunged after me, but tripped on his overalls, which he had dropped to below his knees. I wanted to turn and call out sorry, but I feared being caught by him, for he looked sick with lust and I knew that I would not be able to stop him having his way with me, even if I wanted to. I froze after pushing through the thicket for some time, as every movement gave away my position. I could hear him muttering and moving but he was heading in a different direction. I slipped my shorts and shirt back on, then ever so quietly slipped out of the thicket and off into the bright afternoon sunshine.

Within minutes I was back with my family getting scolded for not helping pack up. We headed back out the front gates, past the bamboo thicket where this afternoon's adventure had occurred. I could hardly walk, such was my fear, but the man was nowhere to be seen.

It was not, however, the last time I ever saw him.......