 Despite being 18 years old, I still lived with my parents, and was a bonded university student. This meant I got paid to attend University, but my attendance and participation was compulsory and was closely monitored. To miss a day of classes was an extremely risky thing to do, but nevertheless, I found myself back there 2 weeks later. 

He smiled at me as I walked in through the main gates, even though I headed off in the opposite direction, and pretended not to see him. I knew going back meant he was going to fuck me. The thought horrified me, and yet, I was drawn to him like a moth to the light. I wanted him to fuck me. I wanted him to ram his cock inside me and fuck me as hard as he could. I wanted him to hurt me. I didn't know why - I still don't know why. All I knew is that my little cock was constantly upright and the memory of the sensation of his huge hands working over my body would not leave my mind.

I slipped into the bamboo thicket. He was waiting for me. He knew I was coming. He had a rug spread out in the small clearing, and neatly to one side sat a bottle of Johnny Walker, a shot glass, a box of condoms, and a tube of KY.

"Thought you'd be back."

he said softly, then, dropped his overalls to reveal his manhood. Pointing at me accusingly he added,

"No running away today!"

I gulped and nodded. It was an order, not a request, and I knew I would obey it. He smirked at my obedience. I opened my mouth to talk, but his tongue pushed inside me and his huge left arm swooped me up. He kissed me passionately as I hung there like a rag doll, my feet off the ground. His right hand tore off my clothes. I was back in the state I had dreamed of for a fortnight. Totally naked, in a public place, completely overwhelmed and overpowered by a man I barely knew, whose intent was to have sex with me. I was in heaven! My fear only added to my excitement. I gave myself fully to him. I kissed him back, I spread my legs, I thrust my cock against his leg, urging him to do something to it. He grabbed it and played with it roughly, then both his big hands slipped around my ass and took an ass cheek each. He massaged my ass and he continued to kiss me, his big hands taking turns to squeeze and spread my cheeks as I gyrated my pelvis and ground my groin against him. 

Somehow he held my ass cheeks apart extra wide and managed to push his well lubed middle finger inside me. For an instant I panicked and bucked, tearing my mouth away from his and trying to reach around and pull his hands away. Then the pleasure swept through my body. I remembered this feeling from before. It felt so good having him inside me, touching me in places never touched before, secret places, dirty places, naughty places - places that no one was ever meant to touch. I relaxed and savoured the sensations. He grinned at me, amused at my brief resistance and now total compliance. The smile drained from his face as I stared him in the eye and commenced to gyrate my hips and grind my ass down onto his finger, forcing more of it inside me.

His eyes glazed over with desire and he commenced to kiss me again, this time more slowly but twice as strongly. My cock was dripping and I was so close to cumming and yet he had barely touched my cock. He withdrew his finger, squelched on some more lubricant, and then pressed 2 fingers against my virgin hole. I moaned as they pushed into me and fell backwards, wrapping my legs around his waist. His free hand supported the small of my back while his fingers now worked freely in and out of me. I reached out my hands and could almost touch the rug on the ground. I was completely at his mercy, and loved the idea of it!

Suddenly he removed his hands and fingers, stood me roughly on the rug. He then stood up and stepped out of his overalls. For the first time I saw him fully naked. His thighs were like tree trunks and I was over awed by his masculinity. I felt so feeble in comparison. He was rock hard and almost frantic in his movements. He recommenced kissing me and pushed his fingers back inside me roughly. I moaned again as they entered me but it was more a reflex than pain or shock. It felt good and I wanted it! He worked his way down over my chest to my cock. He sucked it in hungrily. His free hand gently squeezed and pulled at my balls which had drawn up so tight I feared they might disappear altogether.

Then I came. Once again my knees buckled and he controlled my fall, positioning me on my elbows and knees. I knew what was coming, and I couldn't wait. I folded my arms and buried my head in them. I could feel the coolness as the gentle breeze swept over the parts of me that were wet with saliva, KY, and cum, namely my ass, my buns, cock and my thighs, where a lot of KY had run down. Then I felt his hands on my hips, raising my ass up into a better position (if that was possible) and a more suitable angle for his endeavours.

"Please don't hurt me!"

I whimpered.

I wanted him in me, but he was SO big.

"Have you any idea how hot that sounds?"

he hissed, as he pushed inside me.

It slipped in so easily. It was uncomfortable, and I felt like I was going to burst, but it was not painful. I could feel his thighs pressing against my ass. I knew he was in all the way. I could hardly breath, I felt so full that I didn't dare draw a full breath in case I ruptured inside, and because I was so excited. He remained motionless, and yet with each breath he slowly moaned low, gravelly and blissful "Oooooooooooh".

Gradually the feeling of bursting subsided, to be replaced with a very agreeable fullness. The pleasure his fingers had introduced me to was being reproduced by his cock, though on a much grander scale. He started to pull out and then slowly push in again. He was surprisingly gentle. He pushed inside me five or 6 times before crying out, grasping me by the hips and pulling me into him and shuddering. I had never seen another man cum, and although I didn't see him, I certainly felt him and could feel his energy, and his release, as he filled the condom that was buried deep inside.

He remained rigid like a statue for at least two minutes, before slumping backwards onto his haunches. His flaccid cock slipped out of me with a squelch. He reached over and grabbed the Johnny Walker and the shot glasses. I remained head down, bum up, but turned so that I could look around at him. I enjoyed the wetness around my ass, my vulnerability, my exposure, the fact that my freshly fucked cherry was there for all the world to see. Even though we were in the midst of a fairly dense bamboo thicket, the reality was we were in a public place in the heart of the city, and people were going about their daily lives all around us.

He had tears in his eyes. He was still puffing and he shook his head slowly. With jelly like hands he poured himself a shot and gulped it down, then poured himself another. He raised it to me.

"That was so hot!"

he growled softly, taking his time over the shot,

"How was it for you?"

Anal sex was pretty damn good I had decided. It was easy to do, it felt good, and contrary to popular opinion, it was painless.

"Great!"

I replied. He beamed back at me, killed his shot and poured another - for me. I was not familiar with hard liquor, but I was eager to take a drink to be like him, and I sat up and slammed it down like I had seen him do. He laughed at me as the scotch hit my belly and my throat caught on fire. I struggled for breath and collapsed back down, burying my head in my hands. Then the alcohol took its affect. I felt for the first time the calming, relaxing, mind numbing sensation of Mr Walkers' finest.

Then I felt him pushing inside me. I hadn't noticed him get hard again or heard him "getting ready" but he pushed inside me powerfully and urgently.

"Ooooooohhhhhhhh!"

I cried out. Half in shock, half in delirious pleasure. He reached around and covered my mouth, with his hands. Then he started to thrust into me HARD! I struggled to be free of him, but it was useless, he was completely in control, and fucking me as hard as he liked. And he did like. He was grunting and gurgling like a mad man. I bit my lip and endured his frantic attack, the pain increasing with each thrust, to the point where it became unpleasant. However, this unpleasantness was not to last. Gradually, my body started to adjust to this strange new sensation.

Somewhere inside me, I started to feel a deep, new, unimaginable pleasure. Whereas before his cock and fingers had felt good, this was sexual pleasure, as if my anus was now "wired" to my cock. My cock started to respond too. Even though it remained soft, fluid started to drip from it. It felt good like an erection, without there being one. I found myself pushing back into his cock. I wanted it in me HARD! He took his hand away from my mouth, and grasped me firmly by the hips, then went for it. He must have fucked me for 20 minutes or more. Mostly at a frantic pace, but at times, slowing down and making very slow exaggerated movements. Finally he came, and pulled out of me roughly, before collapsing onto the rug alongside me. I too had cum, but I didn't realise it. All I knew was that I felt fucking great! I wanted him inside me again, I thought to myself, as I dozed off into a blissful sleep.

I heard him fumbling about, then saw him stand up and get dressed.

"You'd better beat it, I got work to do."

he said bluntly.

I looked at him in shock. He gathered up his things, including two full condoms, then reached for the blanket I was lying on. I had to get up off it. He folded it roughly whilst I stood there, buck naked, lubricant running down my shaky legs. My clothes were scattered around the place, but I was too hurt to care. He buttoned up his overalls then headed off. He paused, turned to me, gave me a smile and a wink and said,

"Thanks kid, it was great."

Then he disappeared through the bamboo.

"It"

The word cut me like a knife.

"It" was great. I was furious and upset all at once. I had just had the best sex. Why did I feel so let down? Why did he get up and go? He loved what we did, I could tell, why did he leave me like that? I felt used and abused. I felt very foolish. My shame was intensified when I could not find my underwear. I hunted around for them without success. I looked up, planning to ask him to help, but he was long gone.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I walked out of the gardens feeling very self conscious and with my freshly fucked ass feeling very exposed. I had found my crumpled shorts and shirt, but not my underwear. Lubricant was still dribbling out of my ass and worming its way down my legs, and I was convinced that a big wet spot would appear on my shorts, advertising to the world my shameful activities that morning. I would be in so much trouble when I got home. No doubt the bursar would have noticed my absence, so I was desperate to come up with a plausible story. 

Then I saw him. I put my head down and walked right past him.

"Hey Kid! I wanna show you something!"

He called out with a smug grin.

I would have ignored him, except he was swinging my underwear around in his hand. I wanted them back, if only to wipe myself, and I guess I was hoping he was going to ask me to come and see him again.

I followed him a short distance. He showed me to a tiny garden shed. He unlocked it and opened the door up wide, then stepped away from the door, gesturing for me to look inside. I nervously peeked in. It was dark and I could not see anything. Then he flicked on a light. I stared in horror. I felt sick to the stomach and wanted to scream, but all that escaped was a pathetic sob. Tears rolled down my cheeks. I turned, and sprinted for home, wishing I had never laid eyes on him. 

On the back wall of the shed, at least 10 pairs of male underwear were neatly pinned to a display board. 

I had just become the Gardeners' newest trophy.

Note: If you liked this story, how about saying so!