 It was a nice gesture on the part of the Wilson family by taking in Adam Stone when his mother was hospitalized. Adam thought it was a good idea as well, since it put him in the same room as his friend Gary.

Adam and Gary had been friends all through high school, and while it was obvious that they liked each other's company, Adam Stone's feelings ran far deeper than simple friendship. Adam had a major crush on Gary, and although Gary had never indicated anything of that nature as far as Adam was concerned, Adam always dreamed it was possible.

That first night staying in that room with Gary was torture; watching his friend casually undress and walk around the room naked for those brief seconds before putting on his pajamas and going to bed nearly drove Adam crazy.

Gary was so well built, his athletic physique trim, toned and hairy, and besides all of those muscles there was that cock of his. Perfect in size and shape, seeing that beautiful penis innocently wiggling around beneath that tuft of deep brown curls made Adam hard instantly.

Adam had seen Gary naked many times in the locker room at school, but never before had Adam gotten such an exquisite view of Gary in all his glory, and once he had, Adam wanted more. Adam resisted the urge to slip into Gary's bed with him, deciding to bide his time and stay in the cot on the other side of the room. Maybe the weekend would be the right time.

Instead, Gary's mother had informed Adam that she had gotten the guest room fixed up, clearing out the clutter and putting on fresh linen, so the boys wouldn't be forced to be cramped together in Gary's small bedroom.

Adam forced a smile upon hearing that, but inside he was crushed, and now lay in the bed of the guest room, which despite Mrs. Wilson's best efforts still smelled a little musty, and worst of all, didn't have Gary in it.

Being banished to that guest room is not the end of Adam's story, but only the beginning, as Adam tells it.

***

I was asleep, or at least I think I was when it happened. I was in the guest room that I had been sentenced to, and was probably going to be stuck in until Mom got home from the hospital, and I was having the most wonderful dream.

Gary was standing naked in front of me, his supple body still moist and glistening from the shower he had just emerged from. He was smiling and had his cock in his hand, slowly pulling on it while he moved closer to me.

"I know you want me," Gary was saying, and I was sinking to my knees, my mouth ready to take him into my mouth and make love to him, when I heard the door of the guest room open.

"Gary?" I hissed, turning as the door closed, and as the shadowy figure approached the bed my heart started racing.

"Ssh," came the whisper from the shadow, and even though it was nearly pitch black in the room and my eyes had not adjusted to being awake, I could tell that it wasn't Gary.

The man that was climbing under the sheet and into bed behind me wasn't Gary; wasn't the ripped 18 year old I wanted so badly I could taste him. This body was larger, and as the form moved against me I could feel the coarse hair of his chest against my bare back, hair that Gary did not have.

"Mr. Wilson?" I whispered, figuring that he must have been confused, or not realized that I was staying in this room, but it was clear that there was no mistake being made.

"Ssh," he repeated, cuddling up next to me as I rested on my side, and the hand that came around and rubbed my chest was large and muscular.

Mr. Wilson fingers were plucking at my nipple, teasing the hard nub as he ground gently into me. I had pajama bottoms on but I could tell Mr. Wilson was naked because his cock was hard and rubbing against my butt.

"I know you wanted me to be Gary," Mr. Wilson said softly. "I can tell by the way you look at him that you have the hots for him. I doubt that he's not interested in you - not that way. Not like I am."

"Please," I gasped.

"You know you want it," Mr. Wilson said. "Just relax. Ever since I saw you in those swimming trunks in the pool last year I've been dreaming of this moment. Do you know how revealing that suit is, especially when it's wet?"

I hadn't, at least not when I bought it, but when it became wet it tended to kinda contract around what was underneath it. Chances are, when Mr. Wilson got a look at me I was probably half-hard from looking at his son too.

"I'm sorry," I said in a shaky voice. "I didn't know."

"Don't apologize," Mr. Wilson said. "I was quite pleased at what I saw. Gary's mother even noticed, and I thought that she had forgotten all about men, but that night when we went to bed, she said something to me. Know what she said?"

"No," I wheezed as Mr. Wilson's hand slid down my chest and over my stomach.

"She turned to me in bed and asked me if I had noticed you in your swim trunks. I lied and said I hadn't, and then she said your trunks were quite revealing, and she couldn't get over how well endowed you were."

The snap of my pajama bottoms popped open as Mr. Wilson's hand slipped under the elastic, making it easier for him to get at what he wanted, and as his fingers slid through my pubic hair he ground himself into me.

"She couldn't get over how such a little fellow could have such a big penis," Mr. Wilson hissed in my ear as his fingers wrapped around my flaccid cock, and as he took me in his hand he exhaled loudly. "She actually said the word penis too."

Mr. Wilson's hand was rubbing my cock in the tight confines of my pajamas, and despite my nervousness I could feel myself begin to get around. Mr. Wilson noticed as well, obviously, and when he let go of my dick in order to get my pajamas down, I not only let him, but helped him.

"Now where were we?" Mr. Wilson said, resting on his side with his elbow in the pillow beside my head, while I was now on my back with my pajama bottoms around my calves.

"Oh yes," Mr. Wilson said, taking my cock off of my belly and resuming the slow and sensual stroking that was having an effect on me. "We were talking about my wife - Abby - and apparently looking at you in your trunks really got her juices flowing because we ended up fucking that night for the first time in months."

Mr. Wilson's grip on my cock got tighter as he spoke, and my cock was now fully erect. Gary's father's fingers were palpating my cock as his hand went up and down, and my breathing was making my chest heave by this point.

"What do you think of that?" Mr. Wilson concluded. "Abby and me fucking away, and both of us thinking about you in those trunks and fantasizing about your big cock."

"It's - not that big," I gasped, because it was more a case of my small frame making the 7 inches seem a lot bigger than it really was, but Mr. Wilson was now getting up off of his elbow and kneeling beside me.

Bowing his head, Mr. Wilson licked the underside of my cock right down to my balls before I felt the wetness of his mouth envelop the head of my dick.

"Ooh!" I moaned as Mr. Wilson's lips slide about halfway down my thick shaft, and with each downward bob of his head he began to go further down, until he was right down to my pubes. 

I had gotten head a few times before, by girls and guys, but Mr. Wilson was incredible at it. I found myself reaching over and putting my hand on his thigh and gripping it tightly. When he felt my hand touch him, Gary's father pressed himself closer to me and moved at more of an angle.

I knew what he wanted me to do, so I moved my hand along the back of his hairy thigh and up between his legs. His balls were dangling low and loose in their furry sac, and when I began to knead his nuts he grunted with pleasure.

In the near-darkness I could see the shadow of his dick, which was pointed straight up and out but out of my reach, so I kept working over his balls as Mr. Wilson began sucking me harder and faster. The pressure was building up inside of me, and despite how hard I tried to fight it, I was going to cum.

I let out a noise that I hoped would serve as a signal that my orgasm was on the way, but Mr. Wilson was ready for it. He began to squeeze my nuts hard as I began spurting down his throat, and his hand and mouth combined to make my whole body shake as he milked me dry.

"Oh man," I gasped as I practically had to pull his mouth off of my deflated dick. "Mr. Wilson, that was amazing."

"Larry," Mr. Wilson said as he straightened up. "Can't be calling me Mr. Wilson now - at least not in this situation."

"Okay - Larry," I said, reaching out to him.

"You don't have to, you know," Gary's father said as I took his erection in my hand.

"I want to," I said, and I really did.

I had sucked three men before this, and while I was hoping that Gary would be my fourth, the sight of Mr. Wilson's cock sticking straight out made me want to.

He walked over on his knees, his boner bobbing around in front of him. Mr. Wilson's cock was a lot like Gary's was, or how I imagined him to be with an erection, a sleek six inches. 

The only difference was that Mr. Wilson was not circumcised like Gary was, but since the first dick I had ever sucked was uncut, I was not put off by the sight of it. I licked the very tip of Mr. Wilson's cock that was peeking out from under the hood, and then let him lean forward and put himself in my mouth.

Mr. Wilson cradled my head with his left hand, holding me neck up and he began to have sex with my face, sort of skull-fucking me but in a very tender way. His balls danced against my chin with each forward motion of his hips as my mouth took all of him in.

As I sucked on his cock, Mr. Wilson began to rearrange me on the bed. He pulled my arm up and rested my head on it before putting my head back down on the pillow. While continuing to slide his cock in and out of my mouth, I felt Mr. Wilson's hand under my arm, toying with the tiny wisp of hair.

I shivered at first, both from the touch and from my embarassment at how little hair I had under my arms, or anywhere else on my body for that matter, but as Mr. Wilson continued to stroke my armpit, it started to feel really good.

"I promise I won't cum in your mouth," Mr. Wilson said, pulling his dick out of my mouth.

"It's okay," I gasped, taking the opportunity to lick the underside of his bouncing dick. "I can do it."

"No, I want to cum somewhere else," Mr. Wilson said, while I took his dick back in my mouth, sliding down his foreskin with my lips.

Soon, Mr. Wilson was breathing heavier, although he continued to move his cock slowly in and out of my mouth. He seemed content to have me lay there passively, with only my tongue and mouth working, and I enjoyed what he was doing so it was fine with me.

Suddenly, Mr. Wilson pulled his cock out of my mouth and leaned forward, burying his cock in my still-exposed armpit. I felt his hot cum spurting under my arm as he rubbed his cock all over my armpit while stifling his moan.

It felt weird to me, having Mr. Wilson rubbing his cock under my arm like that, but not weird in a bad way and it actually felt good after I got used to it. Judging by the way Mr. Wilson reacted it must have been really good for him.

After he stopped cumming, Mr. Wilson slid down onto the bed and, to my amazement began licking my armpit, and kept licking it until he had sucked all of his cum out of there. As he finished licking, our eyes met, and he gave me an embarrassed grin as he shrugged his shoulders.

"Thanks for not laughing at me," Mr. Wilson said as he raised himself onto his elbow and faced me, and even in the murky darkness I could see him blushing. "You've got the most incredible armpits."

"I do?" I said, looking down at the sparse hairs pasted against my skin.

"Yes, that's something about you that I've always loved," Mr. Wilson said. "Most guys are so hairy - like me - but you're so smooth. I didn't realize you had any hair under your arms at all because it's so light in color and there's so little of it."

"Kind of embarrassing to me because I always wanted to be hairy, like you and - Gary."

"Well, I'm glad you weren't offended by what I did to you," Mr. Wilson said. "Kind of a roundabout way of getting to lick your armpit.

"No, actually, it was kind of a turn-on in a way," I admitted.

"Really?" Mr. Wilson said, getting up onto his knees and climbing over me. "Well, in that case..."

I let Mr. Wilson pin my other hand back against the headboard and watched as he proceeded to make love to my armpit. For the next 15 or so minutes, he licked, nibbled, gnawed, sucked and did everything imaginable to my underarm. From the inside of my bicep clear down to my sides, Mr. Wilson devoured me, and by the time he was through, I was... aroused again.

"Oh my," Mr. Wilson said when he saw my cock sticking up in the air. "I guess you really do find my - what would you call it - a fetish, sexy. Can't leave you like this though."

Mr. Wilson went down on me again, and while my orgasm wasn't as intense as the first one, it was still really good. This time, I came in his mouth directly this time, and after I came, I offered to reciprocate.

Mr. Wilson shook his head and gestured toward the part of the bed he had been laying on while he was making love to my armpit, and the large stain indicated that he had rubbed one out into the bedding without me knowing it.

"Thank you," Mr. Wilson said as he prepared to leave. "I haven't had a time like this since - I don't know when. Maybe sometime..."

"Tomorrow night?" I suggested.

"I was hoping you would say something like that," Mr. Wilson said, kissing me on the forehead and tucking me in. "Good night Adam."

"Good night, Mr. - I mean, Larry."

***

Mr. Wilson came into my room the next night, and the night after that as well. Mr. Wilson - or Larry as I came to know him - would enter quietly and get under the sheet with me, and then we would explore each other's bodies with our hands and mouths.

Larry said that he loved the way I would let him do things to him and not laugh at him or make judgements about him. That was no problem, because everything he did felt so good. He also insisted that if there was anything I enjoyed doing or having done to me, I should just say so, because he said that he would do anything I wanted.

"Anything," he emphasized. "Anything at all.

One thing that I particularly enjoyed was when he would first get next to me, and he would start rubbing our dicks together. The feel of another man's cock and balls grinding into his was something that Larry said had always turned him on, and the more he did it, the more I liked it.

Soon I was helping him, squeezing our cocks together and feeling his pulsating manhood against my own while his hairy nut sac ground into my balls. If I wasn't hard already, a few seconds of that got me there, and once we both came while we did it.

"You know what I've been fantasizing about?" Mr. Wilson said after he snuck into my room on Saturday night and positioned himself against my body. "I mean, I know she would never do it, but I've been wishing that I could watch you and Mrs. Wilson make love."

"Really?" I asked, my cock getting hard against Mr. Wilson's in the grip of our collective fists, and I'm not sure whether it was his words or hand making that happen.

"Yes. Sick aren't I?"," Larry said. "It's just that thinking about her underneath you, with you slamming that big cock of yours into her and making her cum, really makes me hot."

I'm not sure why Mr. Wilson thought that I was so big, because while I was definitely thicker, my cock wasn't much more than an inch of two longer than his, but it seemed to arouse him whenever he talked about me like that, and frankly, it didn't do anything to turn me off either.

"What's that?" Mr. Wilson said, hearing a thump from the hall. 

"Gary's out," I said, listening along with his father. "At least he was supposed to be. Had a date with Sandy Enos."

For some reason, Mr. Wilson disengaged from me and scrambled off of the bed just in time. There was a shuffling at the door, and then the door opened very slowly. I knew it wasn't Mrs. Wilson, because she took sleeping pills and was out like a light until morning, and when I saw the shadow silhouetted in the hall light, my heart skipped a beat.

"Adam?" Gary's voice whispered. 

***

I tried to pretend that nothing was wrong, which was probably the worst thing to do, but knowing that Gray's father was on the floor on the other side of the bed naked made the situation difficult.

"Uh - yeah," I said, trying to hide the fact that my dick was very hard and I was naked underneath the sheet, and that was plain to see even in the dim light that remained after Gary closed the door behind himself. "Thought you were out with Sandy."

"She didn't feel good," Gary said, sitting on the edge of the bed next to me, and having Gary sitting there clad only in his tight white briefs did nothing to erase my hard-on. "Hey, did I catch you at a bad time?"

"Uh - kinda," I admitted when it was obvious that Gary had noticed the sheet sticking up like a tent.

"That's okay, that's what I'll probably do myself soon," Gary said, and suddenly started to giggle and pulled the sheet down and exposed me. "Damn! Never saw you with a boner before. Your cock is unreal."

Seeing Gary stare at my erection was like a dream come true, and even though I swore that I could hear his father's breathing on the floor behind me, it didn't take anything away from the moment.

"Can I?" Gary asked, his hand reaching over to my cock, and when his hand wrapped around the shaft I thought I was going to cum right then and there. "Oh man, it's so thick too!"

Gary's hand slowly went up and down the shaft of my dick, and I could feel the pre-cum drooling out of it as he did. I groaned, putting my hand on Gary's hairy thigh and trying to reach the pouch of his briefs.

"Had a couple of beers," Gary said, apologizing for fulfilling my greatest fantasy while trying to give himself and excuse for what he was doing. "Sandy got me horny."

"Take your underwear off," I asked.

"You mean - like me could get each other off?" Gary asked, and even as he spoke he was working his underwear off.

"Yes," I gasped, seeing Gary's cock hard and bobbing in front of him.

It was beautiful. A little smaller erect than I had imagined, but his bronze-hued member was a work of art as it stood proudly in front of him, and as his cock arched upward it revealed the golden orbs dangling low in their furry sac.

I took Gary's cock in hand as he eased down next to me again. He was a little thicker and not quite as long as his father, but so hard and muscled that I shivered when my hand surrounded it.

"Don't know how to do this to another guy," Gary said sheepishly as he knelt beside me and began stroking my cock.

It was true. Gary wasn't doing a great job, but as his hand clumsily pumped his hand up and down, it didn't matter. Gary's hand was on my cock, and my hand was on his, and seconds later when I felt my orgasm roaring up on me like a runaway train, all I could do was arch my back up off of the bed as I came.

Everything - Gary's hand, his father's breathing, and the feel of the cock that I worshipped in my hand, combined to give me an orgasm that shook the bed. I stifled my joy as best I could while I felt my cum raining down onto my stomach and chest as I ejaculated wildly into the air.

"Man," I heard Gary gasp as I came, and when it was all over and he took his dripping hand off of my cock I was all over him.

"Now you," I said, but I wasn't going to jerk Gary off. 

I wanted - needed to taste him. I had to take him into my mouth and savor his manhood. Gary seemed shocked when I flew over and, grabbing his ass cheeks in my hands, proceeded to envelop his cock with my mouth.

Gary's hands were pulling at my hair - at first seeming to be trying to pull me away as my lips flew down his cock, and then finally caressing my scalp as I worked over his balls with my tongue before swooping back down his cock.
