 This is a true story based on my own experience.

I was a happy married man and everything was perfect for couple of years. Well, almost everything...I was having a lot of sex with my wife but it wasn't really great. I didn't pay much attention to that until one day when we stopped having sex. Again, that didn't bordered me much and deep down I was more relaxed without fucking her. She didn't seemed to be bordered by the situation also.

Though we were getting along very well, we didn't fucked for about six months.

One day I came home from work earlier without calling. I wanted to surprise her so I was very quiet when I got in. The surprise was actually for me because I heard some noises coming from the living room, then I saw my wife enjoying a stranger fucking her from behind. They didn't saw or heard me and I just turned around and left.

A strange thing happened then...all I could see was the picture of that guy fucking my wife and all I could hear was the pleasure in their voices but instead of getting nervous, I felt really arroused. It was a long walk as I was trying to understand why I feel that way until I found myself admiring a guy that was passing by and thinking how great he looks. That moment I realized what was happening for a long while but I ignored. I realized that it's been a long time since I noticed a woman, but I do find myself admiring many guys. Till that day I didn't considered for a moment that I could be gay, but with all those thoughs in my head I was feeling happier...my wife is at home fucking some guy and I'm in the park noticing all the good looking guys around... yes, I might be gay...

It was getting dark so I headed home. As usual, my wife was expecting me with a big smile on her face. I told her not to panic because I'm OK and than I told her what I saw earlier. She smiled and asked me why and I told her that I want her to have the great sex life that I can't offer her and than explained what I just discovered during my walk. She told me that she also discovered that she needs a lot of sex and her sexual preferences expanded to anal sex, group sex, double penetration etc. She also suggested I should try to have sex with a guy, so I can be sure that I like it or not and offered to arrange it. She made some calls and than told me I have two hours to get ready but didn't offer many details. Everything was happening so fast...this morning I was a straight married guy with a normal life and now I have two hours before I will have sex with a man...

Again, my wife offered to help and she explained how to cleanup my ass and how to relax. She told me that she called two guys and she is really excited that we will both get fucked...I said I could be gay, but didn't get into all details and she already assumed I'm passive...well, she could be right...anyway, the two hours passed and two gorgeous guys are knocking at our door. My wife invite them in the living room and without much talk she starts sucking one guy's cock. The other guy looks at me, smiles and pushes me on my knees. I am so arroused that without realizing, I take his cock out and start licking and sucking it. The shape is so perfect in my mouth, the taste is extraordinary...I just love this...the other guy also offers his cock, while my wife is getting naked and than starts to undress them. While I'm enjoying the taste of the two dicks my wife undresses me and than starts playing with her lubed finger around my asshole. She told me to get on the couch in doggy position and to relax. I feel a dick roubbing between my but chicks and right next to me, my wife, in the same position, is being fucked by the other guy. While she is whispering that she is also fucked in the ass, I feel one lubed manly finger penetrating my asshole, then moving in and out and another finger going in...it feals great and it doesn't hurts a bit. Fuck me now, I hear myself saying and than a feel that beautiful cock pushing his way into my ass. I am so arroused and well lubed that it slides all the way in until I feel his balls pushing against mine. He starts pumping my ass as I'm thinking "why didn't I did this until now? I love this, I'm now sure that I'm so gay". My wife stops them and we switch with our legs up and also switch partners. He holds my legs up, his dick is sliding all the way into my ass and he starts pumping really fast and hard until my semen is allover my stomach. Is not long until I feel him pushing harder and his cock exploding into my ass. He continues to fuck me for a few seconds and than take out his cock and put it in my mouth. While I enjoy the sweet taste of his cum, I feel my wife lifting my legs and the other guy's dick penetrating my wet ass. After a few deep penetrations, his cock start shooting cum into my ass as he pushes as deep as he can. Is now my wife's turn to cleanup his dick as I'm all wet, full of cum but happy.

Only now I realize that they didn't use any condom and my ass is full of both guy's cum. As like she is reading my mind, she said is OK and they have fucked many times before and we will fuck again if I agree. How can I not agree...they spent the night with us, we all sleeped in our bed and did fuck again that night.

After this experience, I'm sure I'm gay and 100% passive. Me and my wife are now sharing the common passion for cocks and we have a great and happy marriage. We never had sex with each other, but did have a lot of sex with others...but those are other stories to tell.