 I had just turned 18 years old, and it was turning out to be one of the worse years of my life.

In the middle of the summer I had been riding quads with my best buddy, Jim. We were going fast, too fast, and I hit a large hole.

You get the picture. I flipped the stupid thing and got flung off. I broke my right arm and collar bone, and I busted one knee and twisted the other.

I was in pain. I had to have a pin in one knee, a cast on the other leg, a cast on one arm, I was to say the least bed ridden for the rest of the summer, and longer.

My parents weren't too upset with me, my dad had insurance to cover it so it didn't hurt us financially. They both took a couple weeks off of work, but after that they had to go back.

They both had full time jobs so they couldn't come by much. It didn't really bother me though, except for one thing. Since I was unable to do anything for myself, even bathe, I had to let other people do it.

Mom did it for the first couple weeks but when she had to go back to work, one of the nurses had to. I was extremely embarrassed, especially if it was a girl, for obvious reasons. I was pretty depressed for quite awhile and I think the nurses noticed and knew what the problem was. I was too shy to say anything. They brought this other guy in, his name was Josh. He turned out to be really cool. He would laugh and have fun, and most of all poke fun at me. While he was washing me he would talk about stupid things to take my mind off of it. Sometimes after he was done working he would come in and hang out with me for a couple of hours.

After the accident I couldn't really feel anything, anywhere. It wasn't really a numbness, I just didn't feel anything. The doctor said it was nothing to worry about, he said it was a sort of shock from all the damage that was done to me at once. After about the first month I started getting some feeling back. I didn't feel much pain since they had me on some kind of pain medication, but the feeling did start to return. I could feel my leg itching inside my cast, things like that. 

Things had become pretty routine by now. Josh would come in every morning and wake me up.

He'd pull the curtain closed around my bed and start the day off with a bath. I usually just wore a pair of boxers and no shirt, he would take the boxers off, give me a sponge bath, and help me put some new ones on. Well on this particular morning I was sleeping and he didn't wake me up. He just took my boxers off and started cleaning me. I eventually woke up because I felt something. I opened my eyes and he was cleaning my chest with the sponge. "Well it's about time sleepy-head!" he said. 

"Why didn't you wake me up?" I asked. 

"I thought I would let you sleep awhile longer, they said you didn't fall asleep until late last night." This was true, but it still felt awkward. That's when I saw it. I had apparently regained feeling in my member, because it was currently standing at full attention.

I whispered a silent curse. He heard me and looked at where I was looking and started laughing. Typical Josh, he would laugh anything up. "Don't worry about it man! You're young, and it's been over a month since it's had any attention!" He did have a point, he always did. He always treated me like he was an older and much wiser brother, even though he could only barely be two years my senior.

But then again I didn't exactly look (or act) like I was 18. I stood at a mere 5' 10'', with blonde hair and blue eyes, and a baby face. I wasn't bad looking, don't get me wrong, but I looked like I could be 15 or 16. I was pretty well built, skinny but not too skinny, I had recently started working out before the accident so I had the beginnings of a six pack.

"I guess you have a point." I sighed and looked away, it was still embarrassing. Here I was stark naked with another guy bathing me, and an erection to boot. "So I never did ask, do you have any girlfriends?" he asked. "I was going out with a girl from school, but she broke it off a couple months ago. It wasn't really going anywhere anyway." I said, trying not to think too much. "How 'bout you?" 

"No not right now, I'm too busy to keep anything serious going." after that he seemed kind of quiet. He cleaned my legs and my balls, trying to avoid my dick, sparing me from any further anguish. I wanted to jack off so bad, but there was nothing I could do. Both my arms were unfit for any such thing, and I was sure the motion alone would be painful. He put my boxers back on and tried to put my dick in a comfortable position.

"Is that good?" he asked. 

"It's fine." I said. I was just so embarrassed I didn't feel like talking much. I think he noticed and just left. I actually didn't see him much the rest of the day, he was acting kind of weird. My erection would NOT go away though. It settled down once in a while but it was too sensitive, it kept coming back, even through the night. I longed to be able to do something, it was torture. By the next morning I had probably only had about 

five hours of sleep, and worse of all I was simply soaked with precum. I'd never leaked so much in my life. Josh walked in around the same time as usual and was surprised to see me awake. "Wow, did you manage to get to sleep early last night?" he asked as he pulled the curtain closed. "Not exactly." I said. By the tone of my voice he knew something was up right away. I was so embarrassed I didn't even know what to say. I think he knew what it was, but didn't say anything. 

He got everything ready and told me to relax. He pulled my boxers down and out sprung my dick at full mast. "Damn, you sure are horny!" he said, teasing. "It's been like this all day and night, it's torture." I said, being completely truthful. "I bet." he said, he started washing my chest first, not saying anything. I started blushing again, it was just too much. When he was done washing my chest he started washing my thighs. Finally he stopped and said, "Dude this looks like it HURTS."

"It does a little bit. I just wish I could get at it with one of my hands." He looked at me, back at my dick, and then back at me again. "Well, there's no way I can clean you with it hard like that, not without you busting a nut." I blushed again, this was just too embarrassing, especially if he was going where I thought he was going. Little did I know what he had in mind. "Yea I guess not." I said. 

"Look, if you want me to help, just say the word." he whispered. I knew it was embarrassing for him to say it. I looked at him kind of funny, and thought about it. I guess if he did jack me off it wouldn't be considered gay, it would be more like him having pity on me than anything else. "Okay, I guess so." I said. That's when he grabbed a rag and twisted it until it was really tight. "Bite down on this. You can't make any noise, not even a peep. Understand?" he looked pretty serious. I nodded and he put the rag in my mouth, I bit down on it hard.

"I want you to close your eyes too. You have to keep them shut the whole time or I'll stop." I thought that was kind of odd, but I wasn't going to argue. At this point I just wanted to blow my load so bad. I closed my eyes and waited. I was nervous, my heart was racing. I had never done anything sexual before (except for masturbation of course), and never even thought about doing it with a guy. I wouldn't be doing it now if I wasn't so desperate. I waited and waited, I think he was making sure I wouldn't look. I wasn't about to risk looking.

That's when I felt the pleasure engulf my dick. Wait, engulf?? Whatever I was feeling, it was wet and warm. At first, in my hopeful imagination, I thought maybe he had gotten lubricant, but after another second or so that illusion was gone when I felt the obvious sensation of his tongue passing over my dick. He was sucking me! I couldn't believe it at first, the sensation was too much. What was even more unbelievable was how good he was, he had obviously done this before. He was bobbing up and down the entire length of my 8" dick like it was a small pop sickle.

I was pretty thick too, so it was no small feint. I wanted to protest, but I was too busy biting down on the rag and trying not to moan like a bitch to do anything else. He was sucking so hard and so fast. He wanted it to be over quick, but I was too tense for that. He started fingering my balls and licking my head with a ferocity. It was almost like he was trying to lick a sucker down without biting. I was in pure ecstasy, whether I wanted to believe it or not. I started breathing hard, and he was getting impatient because he went even faster. After about a minute he started humming and doing everything he could to get me to cum.

I started tensing up, I felt the orgasm coming. It felt like a volcano ready to explode. It was too much, I started whimpering and whining, trying my best not to do too much else. He knew I was trying so he didn't say anything. He went faster and faster until finally I felt my climax coming. That's when I realized I wasn't cumming, and I should be. I couldn't cum! I didn't know if it was because of the position I was in or what but I couldn't cum! I was starting to get worried, I was sweating profusely and if it didn't end soon I was going to start getting a lot more vocal. Eventually he went down at full force, and finally I went over the edge and blew the biggest load in my entire life.

Stream after stream of hot cum came spewing out. I opened my eyes to see his mouth buried in my balls. He was deep throating me and trying to drink down all the cum, but it was too much. It started leaking down my balls along with his spit and onto the sheet. Finally he sucked me dry and started licking my balls clean. After he was done I stopped biting down on the rag and it fell onto my chest. He grabbed it and placed it on the table next to my bed. After that he washed me and put my boxers on without saying a word. I didn't say anything either, and he left and didn't come back at all that day. The next morning he came in without saying anything and drew the curtain. This time I pretended to be asleep.

He pulled my boxers off, and to his surprise my dick was hard again. I opened my eyes and he looked at me and smiled. "Well, well." he said. I looked at him with a smirk and needless to say, he took care of me again, and almost every morning after that.