 I was traveling again, this time to San Francisco to visit a customer. I was traveling alone this time, no co-worker baggage in tow. I was staying in a nice hotel, one with a bar on the first floor. After visiting with the customer all day I came back to the hotel room. I was horny as usual. Instead of stroking I went down to the gym and did my work-out. When I got there there was another guy there using the treadmill. He looked over and said hello as I entered. I returned his greeting and then hopped on the exercise bike. He and I worked out in silence for nearly twenty minutes before he finished on the treadmill. His shoe came untied as he hopped down so he bent down to tie it. As he did his shirt rose up his back exposing the top of a thong hiding underneath. I was surprised to see another guy actually wearing a thong. So surprised that I stared at it until he stood back up. He looked back as he walked out, telling me to enjoy the rest of my workout. I slaved away for the next ten minutes with my mind fixated on the guy's thong.

After my workout I headed back to my room a jumped right into the shower. I washed up quickly and then dried myself off. I immediately followed up with some hair gel. I squeezed way more than needed and ran my hands through my hair. I ruffled it up so it looked messy and a little spiky. When I was all done I went to look in the mirror. I stroked my cock for a minute while looking in the mirror. My dick quickly got hard. Instead of jerking off right then and there, I got dressed and went down to the bar. Tonight was free drink night so I decided I might as well be drunk if I didn't have to drive anywhere.

As I went downstairs I saw the nearly empty bar. "Must be a slow night" I thought as I took my seat. I ordered my first drink and drank it while watching the TV. I didn't so much watch it as I did look at it. It was just some random basketball game so I didn't pay it much attention. I didn't bother paying attention to clock, it didn't much matter so long as I had something to drink and something to watch. It didn't seem like very long to me, but soon I had downed three or four drinks. By now, the bar was beginning to fill up as more people got back to the hotel. Soon, the bar was nearly full when some random person sat next to me. I hated it when that happened. I wasn't much for small talk when I traveled, but whatever.

"How's it going?"

I looked over, it was the guy from the gym, the one with the thong. I stumbled over my words before I could finally get something out.

"Not bad, how about you?"

"Doing fine, anything good on tv?"

It was clear that he was going to be chatty. If I hadn't already had several drinks I probably would have found an excuse to get up and leave. I did my best to keep up with his idle chitchat as we both drank several more drinks. By this point I was feeling pretty drunk. That was probably why I wasn't sure what he had just asked.

"What?"

"Are you gay?" he repeated. "I saw you check me out in the gym."

"What? No! No no. No. I'm not gay."

"I saw you looking at my ass when I was tying my shoe. Did you think I didn't notice?"

"You bent over in front of me, what was I supposed to do? Everyone looks."

"Oh, ok. I thought maybe you were. Everyone might look, but you looked for a long time."

"You were wearing a thong, you don't see that everyday."

"Ya, you saw that? That's all I wear these days, they are more comfortable than anything else, especially when I work-out."

Our conversation was now noticeably more awkward so I decided that it was a good time to turn in. I bid him farewell and headed to my room. I hadn't been in there 5 minutes before there was a knock at the door. Annoyed I went over and looked through the peep-hole. It was the same guy from the bar. He must have followed me upstairs.

"I wanted to apologize, I didn't mean to offend you, I just thought with you looking at my ass like that..." he trailed off.

"Don't worry about, it was no big deal."

He nodded as he peaked over my shoulder into my room. He saw the laptop and container of lotion sitting on the couch.

"What were you going to do in here? Jerk off? He didn't wait for an answer. "Can I watch you?"

I was so drunk and horny at this point I didn't really think about it before I answered, "Sure", and I stepped aside to let him in. I went back to the couch and dropped my pants. My cock was already hard. I started stroking my cock as he watched from the chair in the corner. It felt weird to be jerking off in front of a stranger but also hugely arousing. He watched intently as I worked my cock over. Occasionally I would look over and see his eyes locked on my hard prick. There was a large bulge in the front of his pants, which he was rubbing while he watched. Soon he had his cock out too. Now we both watched each other. We kept it up for a while before he finally got up, his hard dick sticking out in front of him. He came over to where I was, knelt down between my legs and started licking and sucking my balls. It felt amazing to stroke my cock while he did what he did. I scooted forward on the couch and spread my legs to give him easier access. He worked his tongue all over my balls, licking and sucking as he gradually moved further down until he was rimming my ass. I almost shot my load right then and there, feeling his tongue on my ass. I had to stop stroking or I would have lost it. Then he slipped a finger into my tight hole. I let out a loud moan as he started slowly working it in and out. To give him better access I scooted even farther forward and pulled my legs up and back. It didn't take long before he pushed a second and then third finger slowly into me. I was moaning loudly now, moving my hips in time with the stroking of his fingers.

"You like this don't you? Having me finger your ass?"

"Yes, don't stop!"

"Are you sure you aren't gay?"

"I'm sure!"

He laughed at my response. Here I was stroking my cock while gyrating in time with the fingers he had buried in my ass. He wasn't buying it, but he went along with it anyway. Once my hole was good and ready he slowly removed his fingers. I watched as he stood up and pushed the swollen head of his cock into me. My ass yielded easily and soon I had taken the entire length of him, balls deep. I could feel the warmth of his cock buried deep inside me. With his hands on my legs behind my knees, he started pulling long deep strokes in and out of my hole. He started slowly working up to a good rhythm, fucking me missionary style on the couch. I stroked my cock as he fucked me knowing full well I wouldn't be able to last long. Sure enough, as soon as he shifted positions so my legs were on his shoulders, I unloaded a torrent of sticky cum all over my chest. My ass squeezed his cock as I came, clamping hard around his hard shaft. Moments later he emptied his balls, filling my ass with his cum. He left his cock in me until he started going soft then slowly pulled out.

"That was hot!" he said as he went over to where he had left his pants.

He looked back at me over his shoulder. I was still recovering my breath. I could feel his cum leaking out of my ass and running down my legs.

"Dude, I know you said you aren't gay, but look at you! I just dumped a huge load of cum in your ass and from what I can tell, you sure seemed to enjoy this. You're gay!"

I thought about it for a moment. It was hard to think clearly through all the alcohol. There was no women here. A guy had just fucked me up my ass and, drunk or not, I loved it.

"How long will you be here?" he asked. I want to do this again.

"One more night"

"Ill see you tomorrow then" And with that he walked out the door...

The next day was near unbearable. Scenes from the night before kept replaying through my mind. I saw this guy's shaved cock plow my ass over and over again. The feeling of him unloading his load deep inside me lingered as well. Once I finished work and got back to the hotel I quickly showered, changed clothes, and headed back down to the bar. During my shower I completely shaved my legs and ass, something I didn't regularly do. The feeling of my shaved legs against my pants was strangely arousing. I only had time to gulp down two rum and cokes before he sat down next to me at the bar. If the conversation was awkward before it was beyond awkward now. He played it cool, as if we hadn't met.

"Hey there, how's it going?"

I looked over at him, not sure how to respond, after all, just 12 hours earlier his cock was balls deep in my ass. Again I did my best to play along with his idle small talk. After a while I couldn't take it any more. I was so fucking horny I excused myself and headed up to my room. I knew he would be following closely behind so I stripped naked as soon as I got to the room. Before I did that though I propped the door open so he could just walk in. My cock was already rock hard as I slipped out of my clothes. I climbed onto the bed and quickly lubed up my dick. I rubbed and pulled on my prick, spreading vaseline all over my cock, balls and ass. Finally, I grabbed my toy and slide it into my slippery hole. I slowly stroked my cock as the vibrations rippled through my ass. I knew he was going to walk in any moment and find me on the bed the thought of which made me horny beyond imagining. He did about 3 minutes later and there was someone else with him. They both saw me there, on the bed with my cock in my hands and a dildo up my ass.

"Starting without me?" He chuckled as he looked me over. "I brought a friend with me, I hope you don't mind?"

I didn't. By this point the alcohol was starting to take effect and I was looking for a good fucking.

"No problem, I've been super horny all day, an extra wouldn't hurt."

I watched as they undressed, their cocks springing free as they dropped their pants. They moved right in, climbing onto the bed around me so I could take them into my mouth. As I sucked one I stroked the other. Both of their cocks were cut and completely shaved. They were the sort of cock that I had fantasized about sucking when I was really horny. I alternated back and forth, wrapping my lips around each one in turn, sucking and stroking. Instinctively their hands moved to the back of my head and each one guided me up and down the length of their members as they fucked my face. Suddenly there was a camera flash while I had the new guy's cock down my throat. The guy from the night before was taking pictures of me with his cell phone camera.

"This is hot! I want some pictures to remember this by..."

I got more and more turned on as he snapped more pictures of me blowing them. I was sure he was taking the liberty to make some videos too. The thought of watching those later only encouraged me more. If someone were to see these pictures or videos, I would look like very gay, laying on my back, sucking off two men, with a dildo buried in my ass. At this point I was aching to be filled by one of these hard cocks so I reached down and pulled the toy from my ass and then turned onto all fours. My hole was loose from the toy that had just been filling it. It didn't take long for one of them to move behind me. Then I felt it, a cock rubbing between my ass cheeks. I could feel the warm length of it sliding back and forth on the lube that was covering my ass. A couple rubs later and the head of a cock was pressing its way inside me. I closed my eyes as the length of it filled my ass. It took only moments before his balls were resting against mine. When I opened my eyes again there was a cock in front of my face. Without thinking I opened my mouth and pulled it in. I didn't even know which cock was which at this point. All I knew was that I was on this bed, taking cock from both ends, and I loved it. The guy behind me was now squatting on the bed, straddling my ass, with his hands on my hips. I let him control my movements as he guided me back and forth down the length of his shaft. Each time he buried it completely in me I could feel his tight balls smacking up against me. As we fucked I kept thinking how hot it would be if someone were to walk into the room right then and catch us in the act.

We fucked like that for a few minutes before I changed positions. I had the guy in my mouth sit down on the bed and I climbed on top of him. I reached down between my legs as I straddled him and guided his thick member to my ass. It slide in easily as I lowered myself down onto it. The other guy grabbed the phone and starting taking a video of the two of us. With my hands on his knees I bounced up and down on this new cock. My dick swung back and forth with our rhythm. The "camera guy" moved in close to get a good close up shot of the prick filling my ass. Moments later he handed the camera up to me and took my rock hard dick into his mouth. He was a real pro. I took video of him sucking my member. He stroked and sucked on it, occasionally licking my balls while I sat on the other guy's cock. It was hard to ride a cock while he sucked me but it felt too good to make him stop so I spread my legs wide and laid back on the chest of the guy under me. His hands wrapped around my chest and went straight to my nipples. Then he started rolling his hips back and forth causing his dick to curve in and out of my lubed hole. I could feel our smooth shaved balls pressing against one another as he worked himself in and out. The guy who had been sucking my cock moved back in now and took me back into his mouth while the other continued to play with my nipples. The guy sucking my cock looked me in the eye as he sucked me off; he could see I was really enjoying the attention. I watched him grab his phone again and restart the video. He climbed off the bed and got a full shot of me laying there, legs spread wide with a cock buried in my ass. I moved my hips in rhythm with the gyrations of the guy under me. He kept filming us while we fucked. The camera was rolling as the guy under me cried out.

"I'm cumming!"

I felt him stiffen underneath me as his cock grew inside my ass a split second before he unloaded. I could feel his prick pulsating as he unleashed blast after blast of cum. His pace slowed as he worked his cock in and out of my ass. I could hear how sloppy my hole was as his cock became covered in the sticky jizz he just deposited. That was the second load of cum I had taken up my ass in under 24 hours. As he slowly pulled his dick out I couldn't help but feel ashamed. A man just fucked my ass and shot a huge load of cum in it and I had actually enjoyed it. I hadn't cum yet though, so I was still horny as fuck. The dirty, gay feeling of the situation only fed the flames.

"Did he just cum in your ass?"

"You know he did! How about you come over here and do the same."

"Wait, what? I thought you weren't gay? Does your wife know you like taking cock up your ass?"

"She knows. I'll even show her the fucking video!"

He smiled and ended the video. I knew he had just captured me begging him to fuck me. I rolled over onto my chest as he approached the bed and I spread my legs wide. He straddled me, positioned his dick over my hole, and sunk it into me. It slide in easily with the mix of lube and cum that covered my ass. It must have been hot to watch the two of us fucking because he started really pounding me. He grunted with the effort as he slammed his cock in and out. I rolled my hips forward as he fucked me so his cock went in as deep as possible. Just moments later I could tell he was ready to cum. He slammed his cock all the way in and let loose a huge torrent of cum. I could feel it shooting out inside of my ass. Then he collapsed on top of me, breathing hard, and pulled out. There was now two huge loads in my ass and I could feel the cum running down my taint and over my shaved balls. I reached back to feel my ass and I could tell my hole was gapping open, loose from the near hour long fuck session I just endured. It was at that point that the guy from last night, the first one to cum in my ass tonight, climbed on the bed doggy style and looked over at me.

"Hey, where are you going? I want your cock in my ass."

I looked at his ass while I walked over to the bed. It was also shaved like mine. His shaved balls hung tightly under his ass and his limp cock dangled freely below. Without hesitation I went down on him, rimming his ass while I rubbed and squeezed his balls. I reached around and stroked his cock while I rimmed him. He responded eagerly to my attention. At this point I let go and simply let lust guide me. I inserted a finger into his ass, then two, then three. I wanted to loosen up his hole so I could fill it with my dick. It didn't take long for him to relax and I seized the opportunity, positioning my cock at the entrance to his tight hole. I rubbed the swollen head of my prick back and forth between his asscheeks, teasing him. I could tell he wanted me in him and I loved it. I was surprised by the warmth and tightness of him when I finally eased myself in. At first I pushed in only the head of my cock, giving him a moment to adjust to the size of my penis. He was in control at this point and I let him gradually push himself back onto my dick until I was completely inside him. He started slowly rocking back and forth, gradually building up speed to a good rhythm. He was also super vocal and moaned almost non-stop while I used his ass. The other guy who was laying on the bed, watched as we went at it. He even took a break from stroking his own cock to lean in and add some lube to mine while I fucked this guy. I lasted only a short while before exploding inside him. It felt wonderful to finally blow my load. The was the first time I ever came inside another man. The thrill of potentially being caught being completely gay was nearly overwhelming. I pumped cum into his ass for what seemed like forever. When I was finally done I pulled out and collapsed onto the bed.

I figured by now we were done all finished. We had all cum, two of us had asses full of cum. What possibly could be next? I laid there on the bed, cum dripping slowly from my ass, feeling completely guilty, when the other guy suggested we all get in the shower together to clean off. It seemed harmless enough. I had assumed they would get dressed and head off to their own room, but showering first was probably a good idea. Thankfully the hotel room had a relatively large shower and the three of us fit easily within the shower stall. It took only moments for the soap to come out. Soon, we were all soapy and rubbing on each other. There were hands on my cock, my balls, up my ass, on my nipples, everywhere. I returned the attention myself, letting my drunken self freely explore the bodies of these other two men. Both of them easily got hard again while we were in the shower and I happily presented my ass to both of them. Both eagerly took my invitation and I got fucked up the ass two more times that evening. Even after we were out the shower, cum continued to drip out of my ass and down my legs. Eventually, late into the evening, they departed my room, thoroughly tired out from the fuck session we had had.

A few days had passed and then I got a text message on my phone. It was from one of the guys. He had posted the videos from our gay threesome on some gay video website and he wanted to show me. I opened the link and saw a video of myself, hungrily sucking cock, then, begging for another man to fuck me while cum dripped from my ass. There was over 500,000 views. My mind and my heart raced. The thrill of being caught was a reality. Several thousand people had now seen me doing the things we did that night. I watched the video from start to finish. I looked positively homosexual. I had spent my fair share of time looking at gay porn and I looked gay as any of the guys I've seen. The comments posted echoed my feelings.
