 My first gay experience happened to me right out of college. I had taken a couple of owners of an engineering firm out to dinner in Austin while I was on a business trip. Dinner was pleasant, with a lot of scotch on the rocks. As I became too drunk to drive, my clients offered me a ride in their car back to my hotel. 

Little did I know about their plan for the night? I climbed in their pickup, and was seated in the middle. 

No sooner had we left the restaurant, Bill, the passenger had place his hand between my thighs and began massaging my enter thigh.

I became frozen like a deer in the headlights, never had I even remotely be interested in a guy, much less cared for their sexual advances. Bill moved his hand a little high, and began rubbing my crotch. His friend Dave then reached down and his hand began struggling to get my zipper down. 

My 7 inch dick popped up and out of my crotch like a rocket. Once free, Bill leaned over and started sucking on it like a lollipop. I was experiencing a whole new world, when the truck pulled into my hotel parking lot. I was stunned and silent, when Bill came back up and asked me if I wanted to continue this in my room. I was scared to death, but I nodded yes.

After getting to my room, both Dave and Bill undressed me, and basically threw me on the bed naked. Both of these guys stripped, both sporting scary looking big dicks. 

Before I knew it, Dave and Bill were kissing and sucking on my nipples. I did not know it until then, but I have very sensitive nipple. Bill continued to eat my nipples, as Dave began licking upwards towards my neck, then tongue bathed my ears, then forced a French kiss on me. I reluctantly gave in and began to kiss him back. Meanwhile, Bill had worked his tongue across my bellybutton, through my crotch and was gently licking my nuts. 

Holly fuck! My sexual libido was driving me up the wall with pleasure. Dave then stretched down to where he could swallow my dick while Bill made love to my nuts. Then it happened... Bill pulled my legs up in the air, and licked my anus. Fireworks started going off in my head. I was getting a blowjob and getting my ass eaten all at the same time. I think being a little drunk helped my stamina up to this point, but when Bill started tongue fucking me in the ass, a whole pint of my cum exploded in Dave's mouth. 

I thought I had passed out and died from pleasure. As I came to my senses a few minutes later, I felt Dave slobber my sperm back unto my ass and watched as he applied cum unto Bills big dick. Dave then pulled both of my legs up in the air, while Bill positioned his dick right at my asshole. I began felling a little pressure, and since he was taking his time breaking my cherry, the pressure was feeling pretty fucking good. I began humping my ass back and forth across the head of his dick, and then the searing pain hit me. Holly fuck, his big dick split me in two. I begged for him to pull it out, but Dave held me tight and allowed his buddy to remain buried up my aching ass. Bill remained still for a least the time it took for the pain to subside, and aprox 5 minutes later, I had my legs wrapped around Bills ass and I was fucking myself with his big dick. Then I felt a warm feeling in my rectum, and I could feel Bill's hot scalding cum pour into recesses of my body. My dick went from being soft to fully at attention during this moment. Bill freed himself from my leg grip, and his soften cock plopped out. Dave then changed position with him, rolled me on my stomach, and in an instant, buried and even bigger dick up my horny, hot ass. 

Damn if this didn't feel good. I was loving this position, and was humping and pumping and squeezing my ass and fucking Dave back. It didn't take long to driving Dave towards his first cum. As my dick was rubbing on the bedspread and we fucked, when I felt Dave tense up and spill hit hot lava into my hole, I began spewing my cum all over the bedspread. 

The three of us spent the night in my bed, each of them waking me up for a good ass fucking. Finally, it was around 8 am when they both gave me my final fucking of the day. 

I had so much cum in me that day, I leaked cum with every footstep. 

I always look forward to going back to Austin and visiting with Dave and Bill. We usually skip dinner and drinks, and let them fuck the hell out of me whenever we can.