 Andrew Baxter had known he was gay since he was 15 years old. Earlier, he thought it was just a phase that all guys go through before turning their attention towards girls. However, by the time he was fourteen, he found himself staring more and more at guys, especially the ones with well-defined bodies. 

Guys gave him a very weird, yet extremely enjoyable feeling near the crotch which girls failed to do, however hard he tried. Finally, by the age of fifteen, he made up his mind. He was gay. He was into hot jocks. He could tell beautiful girls from ugly ones, but that was about that. He often wondered, while passing a hot chick on the streets, how all his straight friends would visually rape her, stare at her bod, even get an erection, just the way he would do to a cute boy. There were times he couldn't believe he was gay, and he would get a thought, 'What, I'm gay? Andrew Baxter's gay?' And that would sound quite weird. But Andrew had come to terms with his sexuality, and wasn't ashamed of it anymore. 

Now, at the age of eighteen, Andrew's hormones were all over the place. His testosterone levels seemed to maintain a constant high, and his cock would start swelling instantaneously with every remotely hot man passing by. He would masturbate continuously thinking about his hot friends, thinking about their well-defined dicks, the pulsing heads with the foreskin rolled back. 

He would always imagine some dick in his ass, and how his partner would be satisfied by his own performance. Now, what Andrew really needed was a real experience. He was yet a virgin, and he was still in the closet. No one had guessed about Andrew's sexuality yet. He hadn't given anyone a chance to. He appeared as straight as a pillar (metaphorically). Andrew knew he got a lot of attention from the fairer sex, and that was thanks to his stunning features. He just wished he would get the same response from the guys, the straight guys, that is. Because boys acting feminine was his number one turn off. He could only get a hard-on thinking about a masculine image. 

There was an adult book store not from his house, but he dared not go there. The worst thing he wanted was for anyone to find out he was gay. So, he took a bus to an area about two hours away from his residence. And it so happened, that his parents (he was the only child) were out of town for about ten days visiting an old friend's wedding, and felt quite safe leaving Andrew home so that he wouldn't miss his last year at school. And also due to the fact that Andrew had always been very responsible and obedient.

Deciding to go to the adult bookstore had been a very tough decision to make. He was very scared, and it took all the strength he could muster to open the door to the shop. He had once been here with his best friend Arthur Drake pretending to be straight and had a very boring time staring at naked girls. The only exciting thing had been spying on Arthur's bulge, and observe it slowly getting larger. That had bee very easy, with Arthur's attention at the hot naked chick in the magazine. And suddenly Arthur had whispered, 'Oh shoot, I just came!' and then ran off to the washrooms. Andrew had smiled at the pun Arthur had unknowingly used. 

Andrew had also discovered in that trip that there were private booths at the very back of the store, and had promised himself to visit once again. And there he was. He made his way to the back of the bookstore, and his heart started thumping as the booths loomed into view. 

There wasn't a lot of crowd that day, being a weekday (Andrew had bunked his school, called in sick). Before he could think about backing off, Andrew swiftly entered the booth in the gay section (The store was considering of homosexuals too). The inside of the booth smelled a lot of semen and faintly of pee. Dried stains were all over the walls of the booth. Andrew could already feel the familiar stir in his cock, and he patiently waited for someone to arrive. 

Ten minutes passed by. Suddenly the booth door flew open, and a man of muscular build entered. He quickly closed the door and switched on the dim light. That's when Andrew saw him. He was simply stunning. With short blonde hair, the front spiked up, hot blue eyes, and glasses hanging onto his black V-necked shirt, he made the perfect candidate for the occasion. His muscles were easily visible even with his shirt, and he was taller than Andrew by about two inches. Andrew guessed his height to be around six feet.

'Dude, get to work. I haven't got much time.' He said in a hot, manly tone. 

Andrew, awakened from his trance, hurriedly dropped down to his knees. This was it, he thought. He was finally going to suck some dick. The man was wearing a black belt and Levi's Jeans. Andrew slowly unbuckled his belt, and then unzipped his fly. He stood up, and slowly unbuttoned the guy's shirt, revealing hot sexy nipples, which were erect ad just the right size, a broad chest, and well-toned six pack abs. There was little hair on his chest, and a thin hair line trailed down from the bottom of his navel to his crotch. 

Dropping down again, Andrew pulled down his jeans to show grey Calvin and Klein boxers. He was already hard. Savouring every moment, Andrew gently kissed the man's meat through the boxers, and felt it twitch through his lips. It was a surreal feeling. Andrew then pulled the boxers down gradually and saw a little bit of his pubes - the hair was somewhat shaven off. And there it was. The hot pole which salivated Andrew's mouth. It was already flaunting it's full size, and it was doing a good job indeed. The man's meat was almost eight inches long and quite thick as well. A musky smell surrounded Andrew's nostrils and he took in all of the sexy smell this meat was radiating. The head was very moist and purple, with the foreskin rolled back. Drops of precum started oozing out from the pee-hole. It was all Andrew could do to prevent himself from eating this dick whole. Andrew planted one more gentle kiss directly on the head, and the penis twitched again, this time expelling a huge drop of the nectar. It dropped down on he floor. Andrew looked up at his man and saw a faint smile playing on his lips. So he was enjoying the situation. Good. Andrew turned back his attention to this delicious piece of meat. 

The view from down there was awesome. He could see the hair line make its way to meet the pubes, and if he looked up, he could see the shadow of those well-defined abs and those erect nipples. Ah, and his man's hungry stare as he looked down at him. and he could see the frenulum which divided the head in two parts on the underside. Andrew finally enveloped the penis head in his own mouth, his lips sealing off his teeth. In no way would he hurt his man. 

This was the best thing Andrew had felt in his mouth. The head had expelled a huge load of precum on Andrew's tongue, which tasted like sweet nectar with a hint of salty taste. And it was warm. Andrew worked his tongue onto the pee-hole, while making a slight suction effect with his lips. Now the real enjoyment started. He heard the first 'Ah!' from his man, and looked up just in time to see him throw his head back, an expression of extreme delight on his beautiful face. Andrew rotated his whole head round the penis, with his tongue constantly playing with the pee-hole and hungrily licking off nectar which had become a constant flow now. He engulfed the rest of the penis in his one hand, and with the other hand, Andrew felt up his abs and massaged his nipples. 

"Ooh, that's it, boy. Go on. Ah' he heard his man say softly.

Andrew knew the best way to satisfy his man would be completely engulf his cock in his own mouth, what they called deepthroating. So, slowly but steadily, he tried to take in the entire length of the dick. The hand which was placed on the cock was making small up and down jerk motions. 

'You really like my cock, don't you bitch? You're a little cocksucker, that's what you are. Ooh, yeah, that's the way. That feels so good...' He said. "take it in, take it all in, you asshole'. 

Those words sounded sexy as fuck coming from his man's voice. Now he was getting really horny, because he placed his hands around Andrew's head, and with a firm grip, pushed his head onto the penis. Andrew kept constant eye contact with his man, observing the hot lusty expressions in his eyes. The penis head was now hitting the back of Andrew'a throat, and, if it was possible, Andrew also felt the dick swell in his mouth. It kept on growing warmer, and he kept on humping Andrew's face, facefucking him.

The man was now sweating as well, making his body hot and shiny, simultaneously giving off a crazy manly smell, which seemed to dominate the entire booth. Andrew loved being dominated. He loved to surrender to his partner, just as he was doing now. 

'You like it, don't you? God, your mouth feels so good on my dick...'

Andrew continued to move his head up and down the pole, with a force aided by the man's hand too. It seems like his man was reaching the point of no return. His dick was very hot now, and the man's grunts were more frequent. 

'Oh, I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum in your mouth...' He said. 

Then it happened. The man suddenly tensed up. His penis tensed up. And then Andrew felt the first spurt of cum in his mouth. It hit the back of his throat and then formed a mass on his tongue. In quick succession, Andrew felt six to seven spurts in his mouth when the man drew out his penis and slapped it across Andrew's face. That seemed to squeeze more cum from the penis and it landed on Andrew's nose. It felt awesome. The cum was very salty and slightly bitter. Andrew swallowed all of it, and took the cum on his nose on his finger, and sucked on it. He then put the penis back in his mouth to clean it up. The foreskin that had rolled up a bit, was drawn back again. 

'You are so devoted to my cock, dude. You're a real bitch. Clean up that dick nicely, now. Yeah, just like that, you whore.' Andrew felt very sexy at being called a whore and a cocksucker, instead of being offended.

The man finally pulled out his dick from Andrew's mouth and put it back in his boxers, to Andrew's great disappointment, and zipped his jeans. 

'Here, take my card. Be there tomorrow at ten o clock in the morning. It's not far from here. Don't be late.' He said, handing Andrew a card. As he closed the booth door, he called back, ' I've got a few boys who will want your services. And don't cum now. Save it for tomorrow. Get lube!' He was gone then. 

Andrew checked the card. "Alex Thatcher" was written on the left end, with an address on the back. 

No way could Andrew miss this. He had to be there tomorrow at ten am.