 INTRODUCTION

Pete Jenkins and Jack Lewis were wrapping up things at the office on a Friday afternoon. They both worked for an investment banking firm and shared a satellite office. The secretary of three years was getting married that weekend and she would not be returning to the firm. Under normal circumstances the guys and their wives would have attended the wedding and reception but Cathleen was getting married in the Caribbean. 

"I can't believe she won't be here anymore. I'm really going to miss her," Pete remarked.

"We both are, what will you miss most about her.?"

"Her mouth, she gave great head. She was the best cocksucker ever. What will you miss most?"

"Her killer ass. I loved fucking that shapely bottom. Although I will miss her mouth too."

"I'll also will miss our threesomes in the office. The countless times she was sucking my cock while you fucked her ass. I'll remember those days for a long time."

"Well she is certainly going to keep her husband happy. He will never find a better piece of ass than her. She is a great fuck besides her anal and oral skills."

"I agree. She was a dynamite worker too. A super administrator, what are we doing about that?"

"We have a temp coming in on Monday until we find a suitable replacement. The temp understands our business and should be able to pick it up quickly. We can talk about the search process next week."

"Do we get to test their oral and anal skills in the interview process?"

"Ha! That would be a first. We will certainly consider the candidate physical appearance in addition to the administrative skills."

"We can't hire anyone prettier than our wives. That will make them suspicious. It was good that Cathleen wasn't that pretty as they would never suspect us of having sex with her."

"You're right, she wasn't that pretty but that body was something for sure. If we could find another Cathleen that would-be aces."

Pete and Jack concluded their conversation, locked up the office and headed home for the weekend. They were both thinking about the void in their lives now that they had lost their assistant. They would do without oral and anal sex for a while as their wives were not into that.

MEETING THE TEMP

Pete and Jack were surprised when the temp arrived on Monday. First off, they were expecting a woman but then they were taken back by the pretty young man. He introduced himself as Terri and his effeminate nature took the guys by surprise. Terri was about 5'5" and probably weighed no more than 140 pounds. He was articulate in his casual attire wearing a snug fitting polo shirt and very tight tan slacks. His light brown hair was long and covered his neck and ears.

Pete spent time with the temp, showing him what needed to be done. Terri was a quick study and the guys were impressed with his administrative skills. He quickly learned the software system used by the investment company and his computer skills were outstanding. Pete and Jack were very pleased as it took a lot off their plate to have Terri on board.

Jack was bothered because he kept checking Terri out in the office. Every time that Terri go up and moved around, Jack checked out his ass. Terri had an ass that one only saw in drawings or cartoons. His ass was even more shapely than Cathleen's. Every once in a while, Terri spotted Jack eyeballing him and smiled. Finally, it was lunch time and Jack and Pete went to their favorite dinner for lunch.

"Pete, do you think our temp is gay?"

"Without a doubt, have you seen his mannerisms?"

"Absolutely, what strikes me is his effeminate figure and the way he seems to move his ass around. Have you noticed his ass?"

"Absolutely, he has a very shapely ass even more so than Cathleen."

"That's what is driving me crazy. If he is gay and with an ass like that, he must do anal."

"Ha, you're talking like a pervert now. Do you think you want to fuck him?"

"I don't know. I did fuck a couple of cute gays in college but that was then and I don't know about now."

"Funny, I fucked a couple of cute gays with nice asses too when I was in college. Let's give it some time and see what develops. The guy is a whirlwind with technology and I am in no hurry to hire anyone."

"Agreed."

JACK ALONE WITH TERRI

It had been two weeks since Terri came on board and the administrative processes had never been better. In spite of the good work, Jack was going bonkers over Terri's shapely ass. He dearly missed Cathleen and her sweet ass. At times, he reflected on his college days when he fucked a couple of cute gay asses but none of them had the ass of Terri. At times when Terri was standing, he had this sexy way of shifting his weight from one leg to the other. Each time he did that it further emphasized the curve of his lovely ass.

It was driving Jack crazy. He imagined Terri on all fours with his head down and his curvy ass in the air. He was sure that he could bring himself to fuck Terri in the doggy position. He imagined his cock sliding in and out between the glorious ass cheeks and filling the warm anal passage. It took all his will power to refrain from taking it further. He tried to think of other things and dismiss it from his mind.

Terri was well aware of the effect he was having on Jack. Pete on the other hand seemed less interested but Terri was sure that he could seduce them both given the right opportunity. He suspected something had gone on with the former secretary as he had found douche in the bathroom. Then one day looking for the coffee, he came across an anal lubricant and paper towels. Putting things together he was sure that the guys were fucking their former secretary in the ass and the she was douching her bottom.

Pete was out of the office that day. Terri got up to get something and Jack watched him closely. Once again, his eyes were fixated on the marvelous looking ass of the temp. It was so perfect it didn't it seem real. It was like looking at one of those cartoon characters where their prowess was exaggerated. Jack stood up and his stiff cock caught in the pants leg of his pants. He still had a difficult time believing that a guy's ass could get him so excited. It was Terri who finally made the first move. 

"Jack, were you and Pete having sex with your secretary in the office?"

"Yes, we were, how did you guess that?"

"I found the anal lube and douche. It would make sense that you guys were fucking her. Did she have a nice ass?"

"She had a marvelous ass and she loved anal."

"Have you ever had sex with a guy?"

"A long time ago, in college." Jack admitted, deciding to be honest.

"I know you like my ass. I see you checking it out all the time."

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be, let me see your cock."

Jack stood frozen to the spot as Terri expertly unbuckled and unfasted the pants. He lowered the trousers and undershorts freeing the impressive cock. Terri admired the thick dick that was just shy of eight inches in length and more than five inches around.

"My, my, you are even bigger than I guessed and thick too. Is Pete hung like this?"

"No, he is shorter and not as thick."

Jack knew that it was a big step to let him suck his cock but he was so ready and he really wanted to fuck the pretty gay. Terri proved to be an excellent cock sucker and Jack knew that he would cum soon. They moved to the sofa where Terri sat down and pulled jack closer. He began to fondle the testicles and stroke the perineum. Jack was so turned on that he busted his nut quickly and flooded the temp's mouth. Terri handled the discharge expertly and sucked every drop out of the spurting cock. He held onto Jack's muscular buttocks as he continued to suck his cock keeping him hard.

"Now I would love for you to fuck me. I want to feel this marvelous cock in my ass."

"God yes, I want to fuck you."

"Use plenty of this," he told Jack as he handed him the lube that he had used many times on Cathleen.

Terri took off his tight slacks and briefs. He got on the sofa and knelt on all fours. The ass looked perfect. It was round and firm, hairless and flawless, free of any blemish or body art. It was the most beautiful ass that Jack had ever seen. He worked Terri's ass just as he had any he had butt fucked. He lovingly massaged the shapely buttocks and lubricated the taut rubbery ring. He put one then two fingers in Terri's ass and finger fucked him for several minutes.

"I'm ready for you Jack. I'm ready for you to put your big dick in me. Go slow and make this last a long time."

Staring the entire time at the beautiful curvy ass, he removed his shoes, pants and underwear. He got up on the sofa and lowered his body onto the pretty gay. He held his erect cock in his hand and guided to the snug hole. Terri held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up the anus and stretched the sphincter. Jack was thoughtful and gentle as he slowly penetrated another magnificent ass. Terri's ass opened up and welcomed the impressive cock into the warm snug passage. Jack held still and let the temp move under him. Once he was satisfied that Terri had loosened up he began to fuck him with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together as if they had done this many times before. Terri rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the sofa. This move accentuated the round shape of his shapely ass. Jack like the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. Terri groaned repeatedly each time Jack buried his cock deep in the hot ass.

Pete had returned to the office unbeknown to Jack and Terri. He saw them on the sofa and then locked the office door again. At first, he thought to join in but then decided to wait until later. He went to his office to do a few things before joining them. 

Every time Jack drove his cock into the curvy bottom, Terri lifted his hips to receive the cock in his ass. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Jack wrapped his arms around the smooth skinned upper body. Their bodies pressed together as they made fucked and Jack felt just like he was in the ass of Cathleen. He didn't expect that fucking a guy could be so enjoyable and so erotic. He was so wrapped up fucking the hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning he shot another massive load into Terri's rectum.

Terri groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Jack moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated into the pretty gay until he was nearly empty. He pressed his body into the sweet form and remained still as Terri clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around the thick shaft. Jack was still hard when he removed his cock from the sweet ass and got off the sofa. Terri turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. Jack noticed that Terri had more of an average size cock.

Terri saw that Jack was still hard and spoke softly, "Put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum."

Jack moved back to Terri who lifted his legs to receive the stiff cock. He eased his cock back into the well lubed passage and began to fuck him again. Terri stroked his cock as Jack fucked him. Suddenly Pete appeared with his erect dick sticking out of his pants. He moved over to Terri and encouraged him to suck it. Jack watched as Terri sucked Pete with his eyes closed. Pete pulled out and shot his load all over Terri's face. Terri then came and his sphincter tightened around Jack's cock as he ejaculated. Terri's load shot out in four or five streams and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. 

Terri smiled and said, "I think that I'm going to like working here."

Jack just nodded but now he was embarrassed about what happened. He pulled out of Terri and got paper towels for all of them. They wiped the semen from their bodies but only got more turned on. Terri rolled over on his belly again and this time Pete, who had slipped off his pants and underwear, buried his cock balls deep again in the lovely ass. Terri was flattened on the sofa face down as Pete drove his slender cock deep into the bowels of the pretty gay. Terri's ass moved under Pete but the strength and drive kept Terri pinned under Pete. The powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled the receptive ass. His slender cock drove into Terri and then retreated until only the head remained in the rectum. Terri felt the stiff shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston.

"Oh man your cock feels so good in my ass. Cum in me, I want to feel you shooting in my ass!"

Pete continued to fuck the shapely firm ass driving his cock into the warm recess. He sensed his release building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in the hot ass. Pete felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. He felt the sphincter tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of juice out of it. 

Pete eased his cock dripping with semen from the well-fucked ass. Traces of his seed bubbled up in the twitching anus. The sight was too much for Jack who was hard again and ready for more. He eased his thick cock back into the shapely bottom and fucked him slowly savoring the lovely ass. He continued to slowly fuck Terri's ass as the combined loads of semen coated his shaft. Terri sensed that Jack was going to stay hard and fuck him for a long time. 

"Jack if you are going to keep fucking my ass let's roll on our sides."

Jack rolled to his side keeping his cock in the sweet ass as he pulled the pretty gay to the side. His hands wrapped around and caressed Terri's smooth body. Jack gently pinched Terri's taut nipples as they fucked. Pete brought his cock back to Terri's mouth and they kept at it until they all came. Terri came two times before Jack came in his ass again and Pete came in his mouth. 

They slowly separated and one by one they used the bathroom to clean up the best they could. Once they cleansed their bodies they re-dressed and relaxed in the reception area. Things would never be the same with the three of them but Jack and Pete were pleased with their secretary's replacement. 

"I need something stronger to drink than coffee after that," Jack spoke as he took a bottle of scotch from the cabinet.

He got some glasses from the cabinet and ice from the mini-fridge. He poured drinks for the three of them but Terri had to add water to his drink. They toasted one another and smiled.

Terri then asked, "Are we going to do that again in the future."

"You can count on it," Jack replied first.

"Most definitely, you're a good fuck Terri," Pete added. 

They finished their drinks and returned to work. At 5:00 PM they wrapped up the day and left the office. On the way out Jack grabbed Terri's ass and told him he would see him tomorrow.

OFFICE SEX CONTINUES

For the next two weeks, they had sex every workday in the office. Terri liked to have Pete fuck him first as it loosened him up for Jack's longer and thicker cock. Both Pete and Jack had become comfortable giving Terri a reach-around and jerking him off as they fucked him. There were times when only one of them was in the office but they still fucked the pretty gay.

Terri was thrilled when they offered him the job on a full-time basis. They had to pay the agency a fee but it was worth it. It addition to being a super fine piece of ass, Terri was an excellent worker. One business day, Pete was out of the office all day. After lunch Jack was ready for some action.

"Terri, I'm ready for a break."

"Okay Jack, I will lock the door."

Terri put the Office Closed sign on the door and locked it. He went into the office were Jack was seated and smiled at the handsome stud. Terri walked around the desk and dropped to his knees as Jack stood up. He unbuckled the belt, unfastened his pants and lowered them to his ankles. Terri licked his lips when he saw the outline of the large cock in the underwear, a sight he never tired of. He fondled the cock through the cotton material as Jack took off his tie and unbuttoned his dress shirt. 

Terri pulled the snug briefs down and the large cock sprung out and bobbed in front of him. Terri loved to do that and see the big stiff dick bounce around in front of his face. He took the impressive shaft in his hand and guided it to his mouth. He sucked Jack for a few minutes and then removed the cock from his mouth. Holding it he looked up and spoke.

"We are all alone. Let's get totally naked."

Jack nodded his agreement as he was already nearly naked. He kicked his pants and underwear off and removed his dress shirt. Terri removed all his clothes as Jack finished undressing and then they were barefoot and naked in the office. He resumed sucking the big cock and within minutes Jack was cumming in Terri's mouth. He drank down every drop of the salty nectar and continued to suck the cock keeping it hard. Terri loved the fact that Jack could easily cum three times a day. 

"Are you ready to fuck me now?"

"You bet. Get that curvy hot ass up here," Jack replied in a raspy voice.

Jack loved anal sex and Terri had the nicest ass, male or female, that he had ever fucked. Not in his wildest dreams did he think that he would ever fuck a guy and enjoy it so much but Terri loved it and he had such a great ass. Terri lubed his ass and handed Jack the tube so he could grease his cock. They had already placed the paper towels on the desk for cleanup. Jack lubed his dick and he was ready for action. He eased his cock into the pretty gay and slowly entered his ass. Terri moaned sexily as he always did when the big dick filled his hole. At first, Terri would control the action and move his ass back and forth taking the cock deeper and deeper. Once Jack was all the way in he took over and fucked the curvy ass with long steady strokes. 

Jack maintained the rhythm until he was ready to cum and then he picked up the pace. His hips were slamming into Terri's buttocks causing the curvy cheeks to jiggle. Jack loved to see the smooth round flesh jiggle as he drilled the shapely ass. Sensing he was about to shoot he pulled out and aimed his cock at the lovely ass. Semen spurted out and landed on the anus and buttocks. Terri cooed when he felt the warm sperm land on him. He knew what was next and anticipated the repeat penetration.

Jack put his cock back in and as he did he pushed in some of his seed. He did this several times and then let his cock stay in as Terri massaged it with his sphincter. He liked the way the sphincter clenched and released his shaft milking the remaining semen from him. Only Terri did that so well which was another reason why Jack liked fucking him.

Terri wanted to get off so Jack pulled out of his ass. Terri turned around and stretched out on the desk with his legs up exposing his anus. Jack stepped in close and put his cock back in as Terri jerked off. It had taken a while for Jack to get comfortable fucking Terri missionary style. He wasn't into looking at cock and balls as he preferred that they were not visible when he was fucking Terri's ass. However, Terri liked to cum with a cock in his ass and both Jack and Pete had learned to deal with it. 

It didn't take long for Terri to cum and when he did he shot his load on his chest, abs and pubes. Jack did like the way the sphincter contracted around his cock when Terri ejaculated. He left his cock in the gay ass for a few more minutes and then pulled out. He handed the paper towels to Terri and wiped his own cock clean. The two young men wiped themselves dry of semen and then it was time to fuck Terri doggy style again. It took some time for jack to cum again but he savored every minute he was in the lovely ass. He loved to caress the smooth curvy buttocks as he watched his cock slide in and out. This time he came in Terri's ass. They cleaned up and got dressed. 
