 In Part 1 we meet 20-something Brian (still processing an old but nasty break-up with his ex-girlfriend) and his gay friend Mark, as Brian shares a story he's never told anyone.

"Hey Brian, this is Mark. Had to get a new phone, so save this number. Wyd 2nite?"

Do I answer honestly? Do I tell him that I'm laying in bed and furiously jerking it to a black girl and latina finger bang each other? Do gay guys even like to hear about straight dudes beating it off to lesbian porn? Probably not.

I fumble with my phone and try to wipe the pre-cum off of my fingers, but smudge some over the screen.

"Nothin much, u? Wanna chill?"

I glance from my now pornless phone to watch my cock practically jumping up and down off of my belly, leaving a glistening pool of pre-cum left of my navel. Do I finish? I've already jacked off twice today.

"I'm like 5 mins from your house. Let's Netflix and chill."

I scoff. He's joking of course. We'll watch Netflix and smoke. But we've never "chilled" and aren't likely to start now.

"C u soon," I text. My cock isn't stiff anymore so I look around for a towel or a shirt or tissue or something to clean up the precum. No luck. I rub the clear liquid over my stomach. My happy trail soaks up most of it as I stuff my soft cock into my underwear. I throw on my shirt and button my jeans, still tight in the in-seam from a recent wash. I start the dishwasher just as the doorbell rings.

I open the door and click! Mark takes a picture of me with his phone.

"New phone. New camera. New me," he says, waving the latest piece of technology in my face. "But old you. Your fly is open," he says, walking past me into my apartment, plopping down on the couch.

I look down to find that indeed my fly is wide open. My black boxer briefs spare the details, but the sheer bulk of my package is on display. I zip up, but the crotch is so tight you can tell my cock is resting to the left. Just another day in my pants.

Mark is someone I never thought I'd be friends with. He's gay, and not that I'm homophobic, but I've never actually hung out with gay people until my girlfriend at the time introduced me to him. She and I haven't been together for six months now, but Mark and I have grown close despite the nasty break-up.

"I've got some green," he says, pulling out a bag of dank buds, "and I figured we should order pizza."

We light up a bowl, order some za's, and shoot the shit while watching a nature documentary. He opines my post-break-up transformation. I finished both tattoo sleeves on my arms and my once messy head of jet black hair is now tightly cropped and carved.

"Yeah I finally got her covered up," I say as Mark squeezes the part of my bicep that once bore a tattoo of Jessica's name.

Mark's touch sends a sensation that I miss. I'm not gay, but it's been so long since I've been touched intimately.

I like my girls with long dark hair-he is blonde and buzzed. I like my girls toned but petite-he has thick arms, broad shoulders, and although he doesn't have a lot of fat, he's not skinny or buff. I like my girls with vaginas and boobs-he has a flat chest and, from having seen him in his skivvies, I can tell he's packing something that is the opposite of a vagina.

After a few slices of pizza, a couple more hits, and a nature documentary about mating animals, Mark turns on some artsy movie.

"I keep thinking about that elephant's penis," Mark laughs. "But what's weirder is that, for the size of our bodies, human's have the largest penis of the animal kingdom."

I'm really high and endlessly giggly, but sober up fast when Mark says, "And yours is definitely one of the largest."

I look down at my crotch, then back at wide-grinned Mark. "It's only seven-and-a-half inches," I say before thinking.

"The average male penis is five-and-a-half inches, so you're doing pretty well. It's got a nice left-leaning upward curve and graceful head."

"How do you know?" I ask, stunned and embarrassed at how well he knows my erect penis.

"Jessica showed me one of your dick pics."

It turns me on to know that other people have seen my dick. I'm flattered at Mark's compliments. But my gay friend just said he likes my cock-my very straight cock.

"Don't worry, it was just that one picture. And she and I are no longer friends after she slept with a guy I was fucking." Mark misunderstands my look of discomfort. Good. I don't want him to think I'm homophobic. I steer the conversation away from my cock.

"Wait, she slept with a gay dude?"

Mark scoffs and says, "I don't really know what he was. A cheater, apparently. But everyone's a little bit bi."

"Oh yeah?" I goad Mark. "Have you ever been with a girl?"

"Once. It had a lasting effect, but not the normal one."

"What!" I yell.

"I've eaten pussy. I admit it! And I hated every minute of it."

My cock twitches before I ask, "How can you hate eating pussy? It's the best thing ever."

"Well, for you," he says. "Sucking cock is way more fun, way hotter, way more satisfying."

"Speak for yourself." 

Mark has an unreadable grin. "Are you saying you've never sucked a dick? Or experimented with a guy?" he asks enthusiastically.

"Nope. Never," I say with confidence, but my eyes dart away. Crap.

"Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You just lied, Brian."

With a reluctant smile, I exhale. Fine. "Okay. I'm going to tell you this, but you cannot tell a living soul."

"Promise. Go on."

"The summer between high school and college, me and two friends jacked off together. Once!"

Mark demands details.

"Senior year, two of my best buds from the track team were just hanging out in my room. Josh was really horny and, never one to be embarrassed or shy about anything, grabbed my laptop, put on some porn and whipped it out. My friend Greg and I ignored it. Every dude jacks off, it's no big deal. And Josh is a show-off anyway-nothing new"

Mark looks desperate for more.

"But he's playing some pretty good porn," I continue. "I specifically remember three chicks going at it-nothing off limits, really raunchy. It was pretty hot. Josh notices Greg and I are sporting boners casually told us to join. You can't hide anything in athletic shorts."

"That's why I love them," Mark interrupts. "Continue."

"So I sit next to Josh, Greg sits next to me, we pull our dicks out and start beating off on my twin bed."

I look at Mark. There's more...but this is really embarrassing. Can I just be done? Mark gestures with his hand to continue. I sigh.

"We're already touching thighs and shoulders, so Josh suggests that we jerk each other off. I don't have an opinion about it because the video is so hot. Next thing I know I've got a dick in each hand, with Greg's on mine, while Josh just kicks back with a huge ass grin on his face. Typical Josh."

Mark is in heaven. "Were their dicks big?"

"Josh's was huge. Really skinny, nerdy dude. Average height, but had a wine bottle between his legs. Really thick and veiny with a round head. Greg's must have been like mine because I don't remember it feeling that different than jacking my own."

"Did you cum?"

I sigh again. I can't believe I'm telling this story. I see Mark getting ready to demand that I keep going, but I don't let him. "I was actually the first to cum. I tried to hold off as long as I could though. But I was young and didn't have the endurance."

Mark guffaws. "I can tell there's more," he holds back from a scream.

"The three of us made a bet that the first to cum had to eat some of everyone's cum. It was Josh's idea of course."

Mark's jaw dropped. "So...," he couldn't even finish his thought he was so excited.

"Although a little got on my chest, most of my cum dribbled down Greg's hand. So I licked some of my cum off of Greg's hand, showed both of the guys it was on my tongue, swallowed it, and showed them nothing was on my tongue—while they're dying of laughter. Then they made me do it again because it wasn't enough the first time."

"And you're still jacking them off this entire time? Who came next?"

"Well, after I came I was done jacking them off. The video wasn't hot anymore, and although I'd tasted my own cum before, I wasn't really a fan of the flavor. Greg came next and it literally sprayed everywhere." I hesitated. "Some actually got on my chin, so Greg shoveled it into my mouth with his finger."

Mark's eyes are huge and glazed. His unadulterated enjoyment makes me feel less embarrassed about the experience. He adjusts his seat and tugs at the inseam of his pants. What he's trying to hide is impossible to hide: he had an erection. I feel like I'm in control now.

"I remember his cum was clear, like water. And it tasted really sweet compared to mine. If I was going to be eating cum I'd prefer his I guess."

I thought for a moment that Mark drooled. Exasperated, he asks, "So did Josh cum?"

"Before Josh came, he scooped up some of my cum from my chest, some of Greg's cum from his chest, and used it as lube. It's weird saying it out loud, but at the time we three thought it was hilarious. When Josh was about to cum, he surprised us by standing up on the bed next to me. He pointed his massive, cum-covered dick at my face and demanded I open my mouth."

"Holy. Shit."

"So I reluctantly opened my mouth, and as soon as I did Josh erupted. Seriously, it was like a volcano. The first huge spurt went straight to the back of my throat. I choked, so I closed my mouth right then! I couldn't get the taste of cum out of my mouth for the rest of the day."

"That is amazing," Mark says, exhausted. I wonder if he knows that there is a dark spot on his jeans where his pre-cum has obviously pooled. It's much farther away from his crotch than I thought it would be.

"He exploded so intensely that it also got on Greg's face and hair, the wall, and on our shorts. But I swear that's it! That's the only time I've ever done anything with a dude."

Mark looks at my crotch. He notices what I have not. "Looks like memories weren't the only things to come flooding back," he teases.

I laugh nervously. My dick is very clearly trying to burst out of my pants. I must be too high to have noticed until now. "Yeah, I guess talk of cumming while being in the middle of a long dry spell will make a guy a little horny no matter what," I say, jokingly grabbing my visible hardon. It's better to acknowledge the obvious than deny embarrassment.

The room falls silent save for the tv, which neither of us is watching. I look at Mark looking at me. Mark adjusts his bulge again. He leaves his hand there, but his eyes are fixed on my crotch.

Part 2 promises much, much more, as Mark and Brian have what could be a friendship-changing experience.