 Part 3 finds straight Brian redefining his sexuality and embracing an unconventional arrangement.

*****

It's been maybe two months since Mark gave me a blowjob. I spent those first few days after I fucked his face and came down his throat questioning my what, or who, I am attracted to. My sex life is no one's business as long as it's consensual. It took me a while to work through the mental hurdles I had set myself. Just because a guy gives me a blowjob does not mean I'm gay, and Mark is enjoying the taste of my dick. The way it fills his entire mouth, the way tears stream down his face when I really take control. He actually enjoys it.

I'm not embarrassed to say I love having a throat to cum down. Sure, right now it's a dude's throat, but I don't feel attracted to Mark. I've kept my eye out for attractive guys, to see if my interest is sparked, but admiration for a clean haircut and well-fitted clothes doesn't make me want to jump a guy's bones. I even watched gay porn, fearful that I might discover an enthusiasm. But I viewed gay porn as an objective observer. I understand that everyone wants to get off, and gay guys really desire the attention of other guys. 

That's not me. I know now. My eyes are still drawn to cleavage, midriffs, and hips, without thought or planning. So I've come to terms with the fact that this arrangement is perfect for both of us. But getting to that point was rough. 

I ignored Mark for a week after he worshipped me. I felt guilty for taking advantage of Mark.

"Brian," Mark began a long text, "I sincerely hope that our friendship doesn't change. I expect nothing from you besides a good friend if you still want to be one. I know you're not gay, and I could never want anything more than a friendship from you. But if you ever feel the need for a release, without any expectations, or just want to hang like old times, platonically, let me know."

Release without any expectations. That played over and over in my head before I replied. I told him everything was going to be okay, but I needed little time. The next few days were filled with lots of solo jack off sessions watching lesbian porn, a couple Tinder dates, and one drunken pick-up failure at a bar.

No matter how much I masturbated to lesbian porn, without a dick in sight, I kept thinking about Mark's buzzed hair and how it felt in my hands as I literally rammed my cock down his throat. Or how eager he was to open his throat for my entire load. Not only did it feel physically great, but the idea of someone wanting my dick and cum so badly made me feel admired and respected-put on a pedestal.

He doesn't want to be in a relationship, I thought. He said as much. Fuck it. I'm going to text him.

"Hey, busy 2nite? Wanna hang and talk about it? No agenda just wanna be cool."

That night would begin a weekly tradition that lasted relationships and marriages and kids. It would get us through our grandparents' and then our parents' passing. Waiting on loan approvals and unemployment. It became an untraditional friendship that the loves of our lives would understand, and even embrace. Those closest to us would find out, and we wouldn't be judged.

Mark came over that Sunday night. I fucked his face again. It wasn't much different from the first time. He shut my apartment door. I forced him to drop to his knees. Without pause, he rubbed his face into my gray sweatpants. Our cocks grew, his own slithered down his thigh.

He fit both of my balls in his mouth and tugged. He deepthroated me-his entire skull shoved into my hairy pelvis. I wasn't concerned about making an impression on a dude. I gave up on dating, so I hadn't shaved. His gaping mouth around my cock felt so great that I didn't care about the feeling of what little stubble he had on his chin against my ball sack. 

For the finale, I flung my foot up on the dining room chair and fucked Mark's face relentlessly with no resistance. My balls kept hitting his chin. I thought I might break his nose I was slamming into him so hard. But he didn't complain or stop me. I put my sperm into his belly as he wanted, and then we sat on the couch and talked. I think his dick stayed hard the entire night.

"You really like sucking dick, don' you?" I asked, pointing to his dick. If I'm comparing a man to a woman, there's one thing I prefer: the obvious sign of pleasure. A cis-woman doesn't have the erection to show me she's turned on. If ever I felt guilty again, I could simply look at his crotch to ease my doubts.

"What? Oh," he looked down, embarrassed. "Yeah, I really do. Sorry," he shrugged his shoulders.

"No, it's cool. It's nice to know we both get something from it and that I'm not just," I paused, searching for the right words, "you know," more searching, "forcing my dick down your throat while you wait for my cum." There, that's it.

"No!" He practically jumped. "I get to let this loose at some point," he said, tapping his dick through his jeans, "thinking about how hot it was. I'm into it."

Every Sunday Mark came over for some cum and I shot stress out of my dick in the form of cum. Sometimes I'd deposit a load twice, before and after pizza and commiserating about our love lives. He dated guys and I tried dating girls (I never found blowjobs as good as his). Neither of us found anything worth pursuing.

On one Sunday, Mark came over earlier than usual. I hopped out of a post-gym shower just as Mark knocked on the door. I don't know why I put on the towel. Once he shut the door he dropped to his knees, took it off, and went straight to work. But this time was different.

Over time, Mark he had gotten in the habit of cupping my balls, which progressed to tugging. That then progressed to a couple fingers pressing on my taint, something I've always enjoyed. Once he tried moving a finger to my no-fly zone. I put a stop to that. I know it wouldn't make me gay necessarily, but it's just not my thing.

This Sunday, however, Mark paid special attention to my balls. They hang low enough for licking and tugging and sucking and rubbing them all over his face, which made him moan. It was summer and Mark was wearing super short shorts, not atypical for him. I performed my routine dick-check to see if he was enjoying my balls. His cock was half sticking out, veiny and full of blood. 

His pre-cum was sliding down his thighs. His thighs were far more muscular than I thought. I noticed for the first time how blonde his bristly leg hair was. It was the first time I'd seen his dick. He maybe had half an inch on me. Good for him, I thought. 

Mark had been making rubbing my hairless ball sack over his entire face (I will always shave my balls). I focused my attention away from his cock and back to my dick, hard and unmoving, thick at its base, its girth tapering toward the tip.

I could only see the top of Mark's head. My balls covered his forehead and my dick pointed straight up, greeting me with endless streams of pre-cum. I felt something wet and warm very close to my asshole.

"Whoa," I squeezed out of held breath.

Mark's face came back out from between my thighs. "What? Do you not like that? Is that not okay? I can stop," he said as he took the head of my dick onto his tongue to squeeze out a teaspoon of pre-cum before swallowing it.

"No. Well, yeah. I don't know. It feels good. I just don't-" I was interrupted. Mark had taken the length of my cock down his throat and swiveled his tongue around my balls, face buried deep in my pubes. He knew how to shut me up.

"Here, sit down." Mark ushered me to the couch. I sat on the edge of the seat and leaned back, my hands behind my head. Full service, I thought proudly.

Mark kneeled, and, like a million times before, went to town on my dick. He lifted my balls, draped them over his nose, and licked my taint. I felt that wet, warm sensation again, just near my anus. I exhaled heavily. Mark let out a little moan. Okay, I thought, I guess he likes this. I guess I like it.

I've seen rimming in porn a lot. I like watching a girl rim a girl or a guy-it's taboo and forbidden and raunchy. It can be pretty hot. I took my cock in my hand and jacked off a bit.

I scooted my ass closer to the couch's edge into Mark's face. I moved my knees further apart and let Mark continue tonging just between my ass cheeks, where the darkness begins. He wasn't letting up. He could live down there.

My hands were wet and sticky from the pre-cum I was using as lube to run my hand up and down my dick. With my eyes closed, I flexed my calves. My toes on their tips, my knees pointed up. Inch by inch, I fell further back into the seat. My ass was hanging off of the couch.

Mark worked his tongue in between my ass cheeks. I sensed something shapeless and warm between my cheeks, just grazing my anus. A faint tingling spread all over my body. I felt it all the way up my chest, down my legs, and up to the hairs on my head.

I don't understand how anyone could enjoy licking my ass. Although my cheeks are lightly hairy, my taint and asshole are covered in coarse black hair, something I only occasionally trim. Lucky for me, Mark is gay and loves it.

I was lost in sensations. I could feed a tiny village with all of the pre-cum that covered my hand, dick, and stomach. I like to watch someone suck my dick, even if it's a man, but I closed my eyes for this. This is the kind of thing you get yourself lost in.

Mark grabbed the back of my knees and threw my legs up in the air. My eyes jolted open. I was completely exposed now. Before I could speak Mark made a broad stroke across my hole with the breadth of his warm tongue. I threw my head back and my legs shook. I was on the edge of losing consciousness, kept awake only by my compromising position that made a tongue in my ass feel that much better.

I looked at my asshole before. I put a mirror on the floor and squatted over it. A lot of black hair surrounded my hole, going from my taint to the upper crevice of my cheeks. But at the heart was my anus-with lines carved into the pink flesh going inward towards the puckered middle, like symmetrical rays around the sun. The sight of it made me feel vulnerable and uncomfortable.

But here I was, completely vulnerable, but not uncomfortable. Another barrier crumbled.

I closed my eyes again and Mark kissed my hole. He licked around the edges, and lightly flicked the opening. He spat on it and rubbed his saliva cross it. It felt like I wanted to open up for him. Like I was hungry down there.

He dedicated the attention of his tongue to my opening.

"Oh my fucking god," I whispered without thought.

"It's okay," he said into my ass.

I opened my eyes and lifted my head to look down at him. I could see his eyes just above my balls, each one on the sides of his nose.

"Open up," he said, muffled.

I relaxed completely. I rested my head, closed my eyes and grabbed the back of my knees, letting my leaking cock pulsate just above my stomach. I hooked my inner elbows around my legs and brought my knees to the sides of my torso. I breathed in and exhaled, letting my ass feel loose-surrendering it to my friend's tongue. My ass was on a platter.

Before Mark continued, he pulled back, spat on my hole and lightly rubbed it wet, repeating, "Fucking beautiful. You taste so good." Then he dove.

I surrendered my hole to his tongue. Each time I exhaled my hole opened up a bit more and his tongue went further in. I could feel something soft and warm on the walls of my anus. After what felt like a heavenly eternity I felt Mark's tongue go in and out and in and out. I opened my eyes: he was tongue-fucking my hole. 

I felt the same as I get when I facefuck someone, that I'm being shown respect, that this person will do anything I want them to. I moved one arm from my leg to grab Mark's head. I shoved his face into my ass, his tongue into my hole.

"Deeper, faggot," I said through gritted teeth. I surprised myself. I never use that word, but it seemed to have worked. Mark bore his face and tongue further inside me. It was coming.

I gripped Mark's head and pulled him further into me in a pulsating rhythm. "Don't stop," I growled. 

My legs began to shake, my face contorted, and my head twitched. I pulled back to hold my legs. He didn't need me to force him.

I came so much and so hard. My hole clamped down around Mark's tongue for the first spurt, which landed on my chest. His tongue slipped out but still pressed against my hole while it contracted and released. My cock it must have convulsed seven or eight times. I didn't touch it once. Three ropes landed on my face and open mouth, one pooled on my neck, the rest on my chest.

Mark continued licking my hole until I put my feet back on the floor. I was soaked in sweat, saliva, and cum. I threw up my palms in disbelief and scoffed at the mess. "Wow," was all I could mutter, blinking as if I'd just woken up from a deep sleep. I tasted the cum that had unknowingly shot in my mouth and swallowed. It was sweet but bitter. Not my cup of tea.

"Can you go grab something to clean this up?" I asked Mark.

Mark sat up off of his ankles and onto his knees with the biggest grin I've ever seen. He ran his tongue the length of my semi-hard cock resting on my stomach. I was too exasperated to tell him the moment had passed. Besides, I felt bad for calling him a faggot.

He squeezed up my softening cock from base to tip. More cum spilled out, down my cock, which he quickly swallowed whole so no cum escaped. He looked up at my chest and neck and face. He was at a cum buffet. He started at my belly button and slurped the pool of cum out. He then licked and ate up to my hairy chest. Some of the cum was still liquid, some of it had clumped around the dark hairs. Nothing escaped his mouth. He licked every inch of my chest, sucked every strand of hair spotless.

He continued up to my neck. Without asking, he hovered over me, his arms on either side of me, supporting himself so that he could lean down to slurp the cum out of the crater between my clavicles. The sound of it was loud. 

I felt awkward knowing that there was cum on my forehead, and around my lips, my left cheek, and my chin. I wasn't in the mood to have someone lick my face, much less a dude, no matter how good of a friend. But I called him a terrible word. And he likes cum. Just let him do it. Don't think about it.

He moved his face all the way to my brow, licking the splatter of cum off of my forehead. I felt the streak of his saliva turn cold as he turned his attention to my cheek. I closed my eyes and grimaced. This guy just ran his tongue (that was just in my ass) across my face.

Mark leaned over my chin, and, in a series of tiny licks, scooped my cum into his mouth. I felt something on my pelvis and glanced down. His hard cock poked out of his shorts. It rested on my pelvis, next to my soft cock. I saw that he had leaked some pre-cum right next to my full bush. Okay. Enough's enough. This is disgusting.

But before I could open my cum covered lips, his tongue swiped across my lips. I heard his smacking, savoring the last of the massive load. He lifted himself, standing proudly.

"Dude, not cool," I said with a pained look on my face.

Mark didn't respond except with a disappointed expression.

"Sorry, I just wasn't expecting that. And you got pre-cum on me," I said, a little annoyed, pointing to the shiny spot near my dick.

"Oh shit I'm so sorry," he said, leaving the room to find something to wipe it up while pulling down his shorts to cover up his huge cock.

"Wait," I said with a tinge of guilt. This guy just made me feel amazing and I'm flipping out on him after calling him a faggot. He deserves better.

I scooped up his pre-cum with my fingers. "Just lick it off," I said, standing up and holding my fingers out to him. He came over and sucked on my fingers, cleaning them completely, and deepthroating them.

I laughed and pulled him in for a hug, patted him on the back, and said, "Thanks, bro." Maybe I could ease tensions.

"Mind if I hang for a while?" he asked.

"Nah, absolutely. Unless you need to go home and take care of this," I joked, grabbing and shaking the bulge in his shorts. He looked surprised, but I felt like I needed to make up for my stupid freak-out. "Let's get some pizza."

"Do you think you'll have another round in you?"

Still naked, I scoffed, "I'd be surprised. But anything's possible."

In Part 4, anything is, in fact, possible.