 Dan had often looked at men and wondered what it would be like to be with one. He’d bought gay magazines, watched gay porn and it always made him leak with excitement. Sometimes in the gym in high school he got hard watching the other boys shower.

Now he was 21 and out on his own and was feeling these urges even stronger.  Danny had many girlfriends in school but always ended up moving on quickly. Danny knew he was gay but was fighting it, not wanting to be an outcast in society.

Danny had gotten a job after college in a small 1 man accounting firm downtown. This suited him fine as the owner, Jack Williams, was a tall, muscular mid forties man. Danny often caught himself looking at Jack’s crotch when he was standing giving him instructions. Every night Danny went home alone and pulled out his gay magazines and masturbated. This was about to change for Danny.

After a few months Jack called Danny into his office, it was late in the afternoon and an extremely hot day. The air conditioner had quit days before and the repairman was due that day.

“Danny, I need to run out for a few hours can you make sure the repairman is looked after?” Jack asked.

“Sure,” said Danny, “no problem.”

Jack headed out and after an hour wait the repairman, Jim, showed up. Jim was a strapping 6’ 2” god to Danny and was already sweating in his tank top and ripped jeans.

“It’s in here Jim, the unit seems dead and as you can tell its bitch hot here.” Danny told Jim.

“No problem, but yeah its hot, mind if I strip down a bit? It’s unbearable isn’t it?” replied Jim.

Danny had no problems seeing Jim with fewer clothes on and gave him a nod. He watched Jim fixing the air conditioner and admired is shiny torso. Danny had not worn underwear to work that day and his cock was hard as hell tenting out his trousers.

“There, done, that feels better doesn’t it?” asked Jim. 

Turning around Jim noticed Danny’s pants and smiled.

“Seems you have a problem there son.” Smiled Jim. “Need a little help there?”

“Uh what do you mean?” Looking down Danny saw right away what he meant. “Oh no its ok, I’m not or anything, uh no.” stammered a red faced Danny.

Jim just walked over to Danny and with one hand pulled him close.

“I know me a fag when I see one boy, and your one!” Declared Jim.

“Fag,” Danny thought, “no I’m no fag.”

And just as this thought was running through his brain, Danny felt Jim’s hand on his cock and lips against his. Danny fell into the kiss, as passionate and deep as any he had ever felt. His cock feeling so good to be touched by muscular hands, his ass twitching at this man’s hold.

“It’s ok boy, I’m a fag too and I love young first timers.”

“No,” breaking off, “my boss, Jack, should be back soon.”

“Jack?” Jim asked laughing, “Why the hell do you think he hires me all the time?”

Danny was puzzled at this, but his lust was quickly clouding his judgment. Danny felt Jim undoing his pants and they easily fell to the floor. God his cock had never been this hard. Jutting up at a rakish angle, head all shiny. Jim rolled over and undid his pants and slid them off. This revealed a smooth, shaven cock and balls, it wasn’t that big but straight, firm and oh so delicious looking.

Jim got on the edge of the desk and took Danny by the hand and had him kneel. Danny’s eyes were transfixed on this piece of manhood before him. He’d never sucked a cock for real but seen it done in the books and movies. Jim guided him slowly to taking it in his mouth. Ahhhhh, heaven, even better than Danny had imagined. 

“ Nice boy, god yes that’s it, suck it, mmmmmmmm.” Moaned Jim.

Danny, too, was moaning at the pleasure he was receiving and obviously giving. He was experiencing new tastes of the salty pre-cum and felt his own cock oozing it’s juices. Jim was holding Danny’s head in place as he came rather quickly. Danny was startled at first, but the taste and smooth texture brought him back to the task. That task was savoring and swallowing. 

“What the hell is going on in here?” Demanded Jack, returned from his errands.

Danny fell back, naked, cum dripping from his lips, looking every bit like the little cocksucker he just was.

“Hey Jack, how are you?” Asked Jim rather off handedly.

“Ok thanks. I see you met my new office boy, who obviously took good care of you.”

“Oh yeah he was nice Jack, and the air is fixed too.”

Danny was just sitting there, hard oozing cock hanging out, while these two chatted. Then Danny noticed Jack smiling and undoing his pants.

“Well son looks like you did Jim rather well judging by the cum dripping from you, hoe about me?”

Jim slid his pants down and reached into his jockeys and pulled out a long, thick piece of manhood that positively made Danny drool with desire. It was only semi hard but still impressive. Danny crawled over to Jack and took the meat in his hands and started licking around the head. As he did this it kept growing and growing until it was all Danny could do to get the head in and use his tongue on the soft pee slit and vee. 

“Oh, he’s good Jim, damn he even has the head in his mouth.”

Danny couldn’t see what Jim was doing but felt a cool wet feeling on his asshole. Then he felt a finger, no two fingers, sliding into him. Before he could say anything Jack grabbed Danny’s head and held it in place as he began moaning.

“Now you just relax boy, because I told you I like first timers and old Jack there can’t take a virgin, ha ha ha.”

Danny was so filled with lust that he heard Jim and tried hard to just let his virgin sphincter relax for the oncoming fuck. Danny was aware of Jim’s mushroom head beginning to push; at the same time he tasted the generous pre cum ooze from Jack. Each glob at the back of his throat sent Danny into a deeper hypnotic sexual lust. 

Jim began pushing slowly into Danny letting the young ass stretch and accommodate him. Suddenly Danny just pushed back with a huge groan and swallowed Jim’s cock. That was the signal for Jim to begin fucking, and fuck he did. Danny was moaning and groaning from the huge cock gagging him and the one abusing his ass so wonderfully.

Just as Danny was really beginning to groove to the face and ass pounding Jack pulled out and shot a massive wad of cum all over Danny’s face, hair and back. As Jim saw that he erupted into Danny’s virgin ass filling it with more hot cum.

Danny quickly grabbed Jack’s cock and milked it for al he had left, then turned and grabbed Jim’s and sucked it tasting himself under the head and on the shaft. As Danny cleaned these cocks his own cock erupted shooting all over the floor, which he bent over and cleaned up.

Finally all three just collapsed on the leather sofa, naked and spent. Both men kissed Danny and Danny had a better than drugs glow.

“Well Jim I think we found a nice boy for us finally.”

Danny just smiled and dreamed of being used every day now.