 Danny had found himself, he was gay, a fag, a poofta boi and every other thing the straight world called him, and he didn’t care. It felt right, wonderful and real to look at men and fantasize about being in bed with them. Jack had proven to be a kind caring guide in Dan’s journey as they often had sex and Dan had learned to love Jack’s enormous cock inside both his holes.

Dan and Jack had been partners for several months when Jack told him of a party they were going to attend just outside the city. Dan was excited he had never been to a party with Jack before and looked forward to it. Jack and Dan left work on Friday and headed for the rural house that was holding the event. In the car they chatted and discussed the week and made idle chatter. Dan’s excitement was growing as he knew nothing of the party or who was going to be there, just that it’s men only.

When they drove in there were several vehicles already there and music could be heard form somewhere in the distance. As they got out of the car Jack came over and grabbed Dan hard and kissed him. Dan’s tongue acquiesced to Jack’s forcefulness and he relaxed into the embrace and passion that Jack offered.

“Take off your clothes.” Jack told Dan as he broke the embrace and started removing his own clothes.

“Why?” Replied Danny, but started to do as requested. “Hmm” thought Dan “are we going to have sex right here before we go in?”

Once they were both nude Jack took Danny’s hand and began leading him down to where the music was. As they neared Danny saw several men, all nude, talking and just hanging out.

“Wow” thought Dan, “This is great but….. they are all older, mostly nice bodies though and cocks.” Dan smiled as they joined the group.

“Hi all, this is Dan the boy I have been telling you about.” Announced Jack.

The men turned and smiled and offered their greetings to the new arrivals. There was small talk and drinking and even a little pot floating around. As the night wore on Danny noticed several of the men sprouting hard-ons, and his own as well. The drinks and pot were really relaxing him and he was enjoying the attention to boot. 

Suddenly one of the men, Sam thought Danny, stood on a stool and announced that Jack had agreed that the entertainment shall begin. Danny looked around and wondered what that meant, just as Jack and another man grabbed him.

“Cum on boi, tonight’s your lucky night, you’re gonna get used like you always dreamed.” Jack said it not menacingly but firmly and Dan had no doubt that he was going to do whatever it was.

Jack led Dan to a kind of sawhorse contraption, but wider and padded. Jack and the other man forced Danny onto the top of it and spread his legs and strapped them to the horse legs. Then Dan’s hands were cuffed as well and his cock was free through a hole in the top and, oddly, there was a bowl under it.

Dan felt very open and very vulnerable, also very aroused. The men were all mulling closer to him and there cocks were looking very nice indeed. As he was thinking Danny felt his ass being opened by fingers and lube being worked around.

“Hang on guys and line up, no one uses my boy until I fuck him first then he’s all yours.” Announced Jack.

“Hey!!” Was all Dan got out as Jack forced his rigid pole into his ass. “Ungh, ohh god!”

As is ass was being split one man at least 50 walked up and started smearing his shiny pre cum over Dan’s lips. Dan licked the cum and opened his mouth for more and the older man obliged by starting to fuck Dan’s mouth. Dan was beginning to enjoy the double fuck and the man soon came in his mouth, pulled back and sprayed Dan’s face with his cum. Dan tried to lick what splattered him but soon found another cock invading his cum lips. As he was really salivating all over the cock and spit running down his chin Jack blew his load into Danny’s hot ass. Danny felt the familiar pulsing of the large cock and hot spits inside his bowels from the cum.

“Ok guys, ass is open for business!!”

Dan tried to protest but the old cock in his mouth had swollen and stretched to gag any thought coming out. Al the men were now standing around in various states of arousal waiting their chance to fuck a boy 20 or more years their junior. Another cock was entering his ass, smaller than Jack but still big enough to cause the familiar stretching and pushing inside.

Dan was really feeling the humiliation of the situation, his face was burning but his cock was growing and painfully hard. The more he thought about all these men using him one way or another, or both, the more he found himself liking it, no LOVING it. And that’s when Danny boi started really sucking cock and moving his ass for pleasure. He was rewarded with another 2 loads of cum and greedily looked at the next man who would use him.

One man went behind Dan and began stuffing his cock up Dan’s dripping ass; it slid in easily thanks to the loads of cum. In front Dan saw an old man, at least 70 with a flaccid cock step in front of him. Dan took it into his mouth and lovingly began twirling his tongue over the head. Dan coaxed and sucked the man and the pounding he was getting from the rear only heightened Dan’s desire for this old man to get hard. Dan’s moans and groans sent vibrations through the man’s cock and his tongue was getting the desired result, he was getting hard. Two more men used Dan’s ass while he sucked the old man but the cock was fully engorged now and starting to seep cum. This urged Danny’s sucking to increase and take him as deep as he could. The old man suddenly erupted a large thick load into Danny’s throat and Danny himself shot his first load into the bowl under him.

The old man bent over and kissed Danny on the lips tasting his own saltiness on them, “thank you boi, I haven’t cum in years.”

Danny had no time to say a word as another cock was slipping into his well used mouth. Danny lost count of how many times men came in him, just that he wouldn’t need protein for days. He also lost count of how may times he had cum just from being used. He was an old man’s whore and he liked it.

Jack undid Danny form the horse and set the bowl on the ground. Danny knelt and lapped up all his cum from the fuckings and looked around.

“Who’s next!”