 Work had been extremely busy the past couple of weeks. I was working a lot of hours and constantly had something to do. Once Friday came around it had slowed down so I left work a little before 2:00.

My plan was to go home and take a nap before by date with Monica. It was our third date and she invited me to her house for dinner...and you know what that means. Anyhow, I drove up to my house and saw that Jason (my roommate) and a couple of our friends were there. So much for quiet time, I thought.

As soon as I opened the door I heard some moaning and stopped to listen. It was obvious that someone was having sex so I quietly shut the door and slowly walked towards the living room. I looked around the corner and was shocked with what I saw.

My roommate was the center of attention of an all male threesome. He was sucking Kevin's cock as Jake slid his thick 8-9 inch cock in and out of his ass. My mind was telling me to leave, but I was too stunned to move.

We have been friends for over four years, but not once was there any hint that any of them had gay tendencies. Jake is getting married in three months and Kevin, who just got engaged is his best man. Jason has always been a ladies man. He was one of the few guys that could date 2,3 and even 4 girlfriends at the same time and never seemed to have problems.

Anyhow, as I hid behind the wall my mind was screaming for me to leave. But the sounds of Jake slapping up against Jason's ass, the sucking sounds, heavy breathing and moans sent a nervous, yet exciting feeling through my gut. I closed my eyes and tried to calm the pounding of my heart. 

What I considered perverse sexual acts in the past had me feeling unlike I've ever felt before. My dick was hard and my previously unknown voyeuristic side had been triggered. A part of me wanted to leave, but the sight of Jason sucking Kevin's dick and Jake fucking him was just too much. I wanted to be there when they climaxed.

Jason would lick Kevin's balls, his shaft and then slide his lips and up and down his meaty shaft. He moaned uncontrollably each time Jake buried his cock deep into his ass.

Kevin grabbed Jason's head and fucked his mouth. It wasn't long before he let out a long guttural moan and I knew he was filling Jason's mouth with his cum. Fuck! I thought. Kevin is shooting cum down Jason's throat and he wants it, he's eating it and he likes it. Jason milked him until he was soft, released him and then licked his balls, cock and pleasured him better than any woman has ever done to me. It was obvious that he was slut for cock and cum.

Jake's breathing quickened and I knew he was about to cum. Jason then reached under, grabbed Jake's balls and massaged them as he grinded up against him and came. I noticed the pleasure on Jason's face. He obviously enjoyed having a cock cum deep in his ass. 

Jake slowly slid his cock in and out of Jason to prolong the pleasure. Then he pulled all the way out and his thick meat glistened from his own cum. The thought of a horses cock came to mind as it hung there. Fuck, it looked huge!

I had a great view of Jason's cock and balls when he spread his legs. The sight of his semi-erect meaty cock, loose hanging ball sack and the moistness around his ass turned me on. I couldn't believe I was being drawn to another man's cock.

Kevin stroked Jason and then took him in his mouth until he was fully erect. Jason lifted his legs when Kevin started fingering his ass and massaging his prostate.

After a few minutes, Kevin stopped and straddled him, reached back and brought Jason's cockhead to his asshole and then slid down on it. I had a perfect view of Jason's cock sliding in and out of his ass. Kevin placed his hands on Jason's chest and slowly lifted and lowered himself on the cock.

I knew I should have left, but watching my friends have gay sex was turning me on, so I pulled my dick out and started stroking it. I looked back at the action as I masturbated and saw that Jason was thrusting his hips up and down. The sight of his dick sliding in and out of Kevin's ass and the way his balls jiggled excited me even more. 

I imagined licking his balls as he fucked Kevin's ass. Even more surprising was that I wanted to lick the cum seeping out of his ass. Fuck, where did these feelings come from? Why do I want to be a part of it? I was about to cum when I heard Jake move and I froze because I thought I was caught. Jake was only repositioning himself over Jason's face. Holy shit! Jason must be licking Jake's ass and he's not fighting it. He really is a slut. 

Jason was now like a piston going in and out of Kevin's ass. I stroked my cock and was close to cumming when Jason buried his cock deep and held it there. I knew he was cumming and that put me over the edge and I closed my eyes. When cum started to shoot out of my dick an uncontrollable moan left my lips.

Cum continued to shoot out of my dick as I tried to not move. I opened my eyes hoping they didn't notice me, but they did. All three of them were looking my way. 

I was caught with my dick in my hand and I couldn't speak. They just smiled and asked me to join them...