 Terry was the first experienced gay man I'd been with. Though sex with Michael was still hot as fuck, Terry just knew more.

I saw Michael the night after my Terry episode. I couldn't help but tell him all about it, and he was knocked out.

"Wow babe, You're really getting wild! " he intoned.

"Well I'm just experimenting. I thought that's what me and you were doing, " I replied ruefully and defensively. 

"Common! You're cock is always rock hard in bed with me! " he replied scornfully.

He more than proved his point later that night when he fucked my ass raw with more relish than usual. Calling me a little cock sucker fag, amongst other things. He was seemingly intent on enlightening my gay side even more. The idea of getting wilder turned me on to say the least.

The next night, stoned on hash, and after several glasses of wine, and feeling horny, I decided to go and check out this dance club, called trinity. I got there, and immediately began dancing to the pounding drum and bass techno, which was hammered out of the clubs speakers. I swayed my hips and shook my ass. Getting lost in the music, I felt good and I thought about Michael and Terry. 

I sat at a small table and drank some more wine. The place was full of sexy people and I was willing to talk with any of them.

"You dance so very sultry, sweetheart! " I heard a high , effeminate, sultry male voice opine from the table next to mine.  When I looked over I saw the hottest looking, sluttiest looking vamp, I'd ever seen.

He was about thirty and had long brown hair past his shoulders. His skinny, sexy upper body was adorned by a sleeveless, laser blue tank top, bare at the midriff. "Club slut " was written across it in a demented silver font. He had cheap silver and gold bangles on his wrists, and wore large junk store rings on each of his fingers. His nails were painted dark blue. 

I could see he wore skintight low rise jeans and sandals on his toe nail painted feet. He wore several toe rings. He looked club techno cool and sexy to say the least. He was hot!

After I said hello, he came and sat next to me at my table.

"Let me buy you a drink lover boy. I'm Joey by the way, " he offered, taking long seductive, sexy drags from his cigarette.

We talked for quite awhile. He put his fem hand on mine, occasionally brushing my thigh. I wasn't gonna complain. His liquid green eyes were full of sex lust and gay boy confidence. I told him I was new to the gay scene.

"I Often wear lipstick and mascara. No time tonight babe. " he laughingly said. 

He rummaged through his purse and unwrapped two small blue pills from some silver foil.

"Wanna take some ecstasy? " he questioned me.

I'd never taken ecstasy before and never thought I would, but tonight the idea of a new taboo experience seemed exciting and enticing to me.

"Yeh. Sure, " I told him.

I felt both excitement and apprehension to what I was about to do. Somehow I felt lost.

The ecstasy was wild! Joey and I danced for several hours. We stared into each others eyes as we danced, and often brushed our bodies up against each other. Rubbing our cock areas against each others cocks, as we swayed and drifted, and shook our asses to the sexy beat. We necked with each other in between breaks in the music. We deep tongued, and fondled and groped each others cock and balls and asses. The sex fever of the ecstasy was a mutual aphrodisiac for us two whores.

Finally we left and went back to his pink walled apartment.

"Let's be sluts! " he said as we entered his place, wasting no time whatsoever.

We quickly stripped off our clothes and fell about on his large size water bed.

"Lets six nine babe, " he gloriously offered as he fell on to his back, and I moved over him.

I began madly sucking his thick upright prick and sucking his hard balls. I fingered his asshole. My mind went wild as I felt his fem boy mouth on my cock. He massaged my balls and ass with burning, feminine skill and abandon. Clearly he knew what to do.

We moaned and squealed as we burned sexual fire. I imagined the cock I was sucking was mine. We were both together. I sucked him and became the easiest, most willing little slut I could be. My cock got even harder. 

We made love with increasing passion. I licked and sucked his cock deliriously, while my ass shook even more violently and the tempo increased. His tongue and teeth were madly caressing and satiating my pulsating, throbbing wet prick.

Dirty forbidden thoughts raced through my mind as we moved into even higher sexual heat. 

"Oh babe! " I managed to exclaim.

My mouth full of his cock, loving the feel of his fat penis head at the back of my mouth or down my throat. My tongue savored the feel of his balls and the small hairs on his erotic area.

We were both groaning incessantly as we face fucked. The waterbed was swishing loudly as I felt myself growing more and more impossibly aroused, realizing this was my first time with a real gay slut like him. 

Finally, my cock exploded into his mouth, and I felt the hot thick liquid of his seed gush into my mouth and down my throat. I briefly choked and got his cum all over my face, before throwing my mouth back onto his prick. Hungry for more.

Our bodies gyrated wildly as the climax raged on. Both of us sucking as much of each others juices as we could. Our asses trembled violently in the unison, and then ever so slowly relaxed as our cocks, hot and wet, slowly limpened.

'You're so fucking good in bed baby! " he exhaustively enthused, as we lay on his bed panting, recovering our strength.

We had our showers, though I really didn't want one. I loved the smell of cum and sweat on me. He said I could wear any of his clothes if I liked.  His closet was large and full of both guy and girl club wear. Obviously he cross dressed. I settled on some ultra skintight low rise jeans and a sexy yellow tank top . They fit perfectly. Looking in the mirror, I was amazed. God I looked hot!

"You should grow your hair long sweetie, " he said, kissing me on the cheek.

That night we partied, talked and had more sex. We soon took some more ecstasy. It was wild.    --------------------

I had been going just a little bit overboard. I was having sex with Michael several times each week, and then there was Terry and Joey. Both of whom I'd only had sex with once, but they were total strangers.

I was smoking pot every day, drinking a lot and had tried ecstasy,

My girlfriend didn't know about the gay stuff. The fact I smoked pot now, I couldn't hide it very well for long. When she found out she was really disappointed.

"I never thought you'd start using drugs. It must be fucking you up. You've missed a lot of work, " she told me.

"It'll be alight, Joanne, " I told her.

I'd decided I was gonna go straight, for want of a better term. No alcohol and no drugs. Maybe I'd stop seeing Michael too, I tried to kid myself.

I was at my place listening to music and bored out of my tree, and thought I'd smoke some pot anyway. Soon I had a glass of wine and then another one.

I put on some music and changed into the skintight low rise jeans Joey had given me, with my ass crack showing, and the tank top. I looked at myself in the wall mirror. I was turning myself on. I was a fucking hot slut!

"Damn! " I said to myself.

I was thinking the unthinkable. I was gonna go and buy a pack of cigarettes. I'd bummed the odd cigarette in the clubs recently, and now I felt like I really needed one. 

"To hell with shoes, " I told myself as I then walked barefoot down the stairs and outside onto the concrete sidewalk. I sometimes went barefoot around the leafy neighborhood where I lived. My girl friend didn't approve.

It felt cool and sensual on the souls of my feet. Walking over black hot tarmac, soft grass, grippingly sensuous gravel, and loose dirt soil patches, massaging the souls and toes.

I went in the store and bought some cigarettes. I ripped off the plastic wrapping and eagerly placed one between my lips and lit it.

God, it tasted good. I savored the taste of the menthol flavored smoke as it went into my lungs and I exhaled with great satisfaction. 

I liked smoking, though I wasn't gonna smoke all the time. Regardless, I practically chain smoked when I got back to my place, had more wine and listened to music, and then somebody knocked at my door.

It was Michael and my cock was getting hard.

"Wow babe! You look so fucking hot and sexy! " he said as soon as he entered.

"Thanks, " I said, so grateful of Joey's fashion help.

"I've been a real slut again, " I said, as I told him about Joey. 

"Wow! You're getting me so fucking hard! " he replied.

He was surprised to see me smoking though, and I was even more surprised when he had one too. We'd both gone through a lot of changes.

"We're both going to hell anyway. Let me fuck you, You bitch slut. " he said intently.

He gently pushed me back into the bedroom and onto the bed. I undid the clasp off my jeans and he grabbed the bottom bells and helped pull them off. 

I got on my knees and waited eagerly for him to enter my awaiting asshole.

"Come on babe! " I implored.

He thrust his prick deep inside me, and commenced repeated rapid fire penetration. Each shot of his cock sent a surge of sexual gratification starting from my sensitive prostate, and shooting through out my entire body.

"Oh babe! " I cried as he picked up the tempo.

"So you like to get fucked all the time! " uttered Michael as his cock pounded me and we moaned and groaned in pleasure.

"Feel my nipples babe! " My voice shot out as I urged him to.

He began lightly pinching my nipples. My sexual ecstasy increased even more. I was playing with my hard cock and slapping it each time his thick prick nailed my anus.

"Oh! OH! OH! " I exclaimed over and over.

The sexual gratification I was feeling was indescribable, so happy to be somebody's submissive fuck toy.

"Fuck me! Fuck me! " I begged him.

The bed was shaking. The headboard smashing against the wall, in time with each mighty slam of his cock into my ass.

Finally, I felt the hot sperm shoot into my asshole. Michael leaned over me, and literally screwed me. Rapidly fucking me as he emptied his cum into me. I began ejaculating too, and we moaned deliriously like the two sluts we were.

I fell on my side and finished myself off, while he stood up and leaned against the wall to regain his breath. His thick still hard cock dripping with cum.

"Oh michael. I love being your slut, " I moaned as I got the last cum out of me, and the semen stained my bed sheets even more.

I then got the shock of my life.

Staring, looking aghast from the bedroom door was Joanne. I forgot she had the keys to my place.

"What is going on here? I don't believe this! " she asked . Shell shocked.

I didn't know what to say. I tried to buy some time by putting on my jeans and top. Michael had dressed quickly.

"I'll see you later babe, " he hissed and I soon heard the front door close.

"You're going with guys now? You're getting fucked up the ass? " Joanne asked accusingly. Her voice rising.

"It's not what you think it is Joanne. We're just friends, " I replied meekly.

"You fucking asshole!" she screamed. Red in the face.

"You've been doing this behind my back! Who knows what else you've been fucking doing! How many guys have you been with? " she screamed at me.

"Just one, " I lied to her, unable to make eye contact.

She went into the bathroom. I went and sat on the couch and took a sip of wine and lit a cigarette. Joanne came out of the bathroom and stood in front of me.

"When did you start smoking? " she asked

"Oh about a month ago. " I said, thinking she had simmered down. I was wrong.

"You're really fucking up aren't you? " she screamed.

"What! With all the fucking pot you smoke, and your drinking a lot too! Then all of this fucking shit tonight? You've really changed baby! How can I trust you? " she intoned, at first angry and mocking, then with a hint of sadness.

She stared at me intently for awhile, then she stormed out of the room and slammed the door shut.

  --------------------

Surprisingly Joanne did calm down.

"I don't care if your bisexual now, just tell me when you have a lover, okay? " said the blond heather Locklear look-alike.

"Okay Joanne, " I said.

She always scolded me about smoking. Constantly opening windows to let out the smoke.

"I can't believe you've started, " she told me at every opportunity.

Surprisingly, she rarely commented on my now daily pot usage, and I never told her about my taking ecstasy, which I now used two or three times a week. Being stoned all the time made me feel sexy and horny all the time. 

I liked smoking cigarettes now. Some days I smoked a whole pack. It just seemed so sensuous and sexy. I liked taking a long drag and looking wantonly into the eyes of a guy whose cock I wanted to suck. I smoked on the breaks at work. Not caring anymore if they saw the new me.

I was now becoming comfortable as a bisexual. I dressed as I wanted to all the time. Sexy club wear, particularly skintight ass crack showing low rise jeans, and bare midriff tank tops.

I started wearing bangles and cheap slut rings like my friend Joey, who I had been back to see for some more incredible sex. I just loved going barefoot when I could, and now had a few toe rings. My hair was getting longer and I wanted to try cross dressing. I soon had my ear pierced.

At work I often took off my sandals, or slut boots towards the end of the shift and waited on tables barefoot. Mark the manager didn't mind. I just knew he wanted to fuck me. For some reason I wanted to cock tease him. It turned me on.   Towards the end of one shift, I happened to serve a dark complexioned, bald, goateed man who looked sexy as the devil. His bald head reminded me of a large prick. It excited me.

"Hey barefoot boy! You want to join me for a cocktail? " He said with an ultra sexy low register european tone.

"You bet honey! " I nodded and smiled and said in my best lisp, with everybody at work hearing me, as my cock got rock hard. 

I knew I had an excruciatingly sexy ass and was an extremely sexy sultry thing.

His name was Maurice. He wore all black, and black tights. What an ass he had on him! He smoked his cigarette with the same sluttish longing as me, and he made me horny as fuck!

After work we walked up the street to this cafe. I stayed barefoot and lit up a joint.

"You're going to be my little barefoot slut tonight! " He enthused as I giggled and quickly felt up his cock area. 

At the cafe we started to get loaded. He bought several glasses of expensive wine for me. We talked slut talk and I sometimes felt his cock and balls with my barefoot, lightly massaging him under the table. 

To my surprise, I happened to see Joey walking past the Cafe. I shouted to him, and my sexual soul mate and fashion sense came over and joined us at our table.

We all got loaded and talked just about sex. Joey and I had several long public necking and groping sessions. I didn't care who saw us.

"You're gonna love Joey in bed, " I said to maurice, taking a long, subtle drag from my cigarette and looking deeply into his eyes. 

Soon we were back at Maurices dark, wood paneled apartment. We were feeling good to say the least.

He put on some driving techno music and as it pounded loudly out of the speakers, he fixed us some drinks.

Joey and I began dancing wildly. Fully shaking our sexy asses and grooving to the music. Often staring into each others eyes in anticipation of a great night of sex. 

"Okay. Let's see what you sluts can do! " said Maurice, now stripped down to a thong.

We all stripped and entered his bedroom. Joey and I fell about on his giant satin sheet bed. Joey and I once again formed a six nine position with me on top and my eager ass facing a still standing Maurice.

It turned me on so much that a sexy beast like Maurice was watching Joey and I face fuck each other. I licked and sucked Joey's cock and balls with a religious fervor, as I fingered his ass.

It felt so good feeling his slut mouth on my swelled, wet prick as his slut tongue did it's subtle business. His fingers felt up my balls and anal area, teasingly taking me to new erotic highs.

All of a sudden, I felt Maurice lean over me. I felt his massive cock enter me and the first initial poundings put me into a sexual frenzy. I was wildly aroused. 

Damn! It was good to get fucked!

His thick pricked entered me again and again, sending a sexual charge through me greater than each time before!

He moaned and groaned as I felt his hot breath on my bare shoulders and his hairy chest on my back, while Joey and I, squealed, moaned and sucked each other in a delightful sluttish escapade.

All three of our bodies heaved together on the bed, with my ass in particular gyrating wildly as Maurice fucked me royally. His fingers expertly massaging my erect nipples. Making me more aroused than I ever thought fucking possible.

The pounding techno music, dark lighting and thick pot smoke added to the sexy atmosphere.

As maurice fucked me harder and harder, now at a rapid tempo, my slut hole loving it, Joey and I twisted and wreathed underneath Maurice in a passion of madness.

I somehow cried out as I felt my cum shoot into Joey's mouth. He began licking it down like a famished animal. His tongue incessantly at work on my still hard prick.

I then felt his come begin shooting down my throat, and I drank down the sweet elixir of sin. Letting some of it spray me in the face and some run down my chin.

With one major groan, I felt Maurice begin to shoot his hot sperm into my asshole. He held me tight and repeatedly kissed the back of my neck as his jism filled me.

I closed my eyes and shook myself as I felt womanly satisfaction as Maurices cum swam through me. In the height of this orgasm we squirmed about as the last of my sperm entered Joeys mouth, and I continued to slurp his juices.

Finally it was over.

Later that Night with Joey, I tried acid for the first time. We went clubbing and went back to his place to party and have more sex.