 I was getting my ass fucked every single night now. Raw and hard. My landlady Delores would give
me a quizzical look every time she saw  me coming home, arm in arm with a new gay boy fuck 
friend. What I used to hide, I now flaunted.

I was looking like the ultimate slut.

Feverishly sexual in my skintight painted on low rise jeans, loud skimpy club wear tops, bangles
and cheap jewelry. They all screamed out the word whore, and of course, I went barefoot all the 
time now.

 My fake silver toe rings depicted small metallic acts of gay sexual intercourse and face 
fucking, and why not? I was horny all the time and I wanted sex all the time. I'd become as
 dirty inside as the permanently blackened souls of my sensuous, sluttish bare feet.

 I also hadn't shown  up for work in weeks. A true slut didn't care about any job.

 I was all about sex. I wore the cheapest perfume. I never got out of bed before three in the afternoon any more. 

 Every night I'd drink and get stoned on ecstasy and pot. My eyes were now 
black rimmed suck holes and I always had a supply of poppers to use just before, and during sex.
All the better for edging. All the better to be a complete slut.

 One night, Delores knocked on my door, asking for the rent which I was way late with.

 "I don't have it right now Delores, " is all I could say.

 She was a rather buxom sexy, near fifty something grayish blond.

 "I need the rent money. I'm not trying to be difficult, but I do have bills to pay, "
she said.

 She pulled out her cigarettes from her purse.

 "I guess you want one, I suppose, " she said offering me one.

 "Thanks, " I said as I put the long menthol cigarette to my lips and got a light
from the lighter she held before me. My cock got rock hard.

 "Just to think you were a non smoker, " she said.

 "So? I've started. I've changed, " I said with a giggle.


 "You've changed all right. Not only do you owe me a ton of rent, but your loud music
is bothering the neighbors, and I'm also concerned about your drug use, "
she intoned accusingly.

 She sniffed the smell of pot smoke in the air and rolled her eyes.

 "So? I like to get high sometimes now, " I  declared defensively.

 "Oh My God! . she said, her voice rising.

 "You've turned into a complete slut! Every body in the building can hear you
every night having sex! You're a right sack of broken eggs! " she scolded me.

 "And what about Joanne? When did this whole gay business start? " she asked incredulously.

 " The first time I went to bed with a guy is when it started. I just feel I
need boy to boy intimacy, " is all I could say.

 "Joanne doesn't care either. She knows I'm bisexual, " I soon added.

 "And the drugs? " she  questioned me very bluntly again.

 "I know I've just started, but I just wanna experiment, " I said.

 "Damn you! Joanne is too good for you. She doesn't need a confused fallen' slut like you. A 
submissive little tramp! " Delores put it forth ever so cold.

 At first the words hurt me, but then a wicked idea crossed my mind as
my cock got even harder.

 "Oh come on Delores, baby. I'm really good in bed. Lot's of guys know that, " I said.

 She stared at me coldly.

 I smiled mischievously and took a long drag from my cigarette and stared deep into
her blue, vulnerable eyes. I moved closer to her and placed my hand on her breast. I grinned
and exhaled a thick stream of smoke.

 "Maybe you'd like to try? " I suggested seductively.

 "Get the fuck off of me! " Delores screamed and turned away. Her face red
with anger.

 She slammed the door shut and left. Who was I to kid her about my being bisexual?
I'd changed all right. I'd turned gay. Totally gay.

 Gay enough that I greeted and kissed, and groped gay male friends on the street right in front
of Joanne. Gay enough that I didn't care any more if Joanne saw the gay porn mags littered
around my apartment. Gay enough that I often wore lipstick and makeup and hoop
earrings. 

 Gay enough that I smoked a cigarette like a woman, and that I talked with a lisp
and had cross dressed with Joey, high on too much wine and E, dressed like a delicious slut in 
latex mini skirt, fish net stockings, and 4 inch street walker spike heels. The only time I'd
ever really wear shoes.

 Gay enough that I needed cock all the time, yet somehow Delores had made me feel so submissive.
I was turned on and intrigued by it. I was Gay enough that I'd never turn back.

                -------------------

 Everybody knew I was a slut now. I even walked like one. Suggestively, Sensuously shaking my
eager slut ass from side to side as I strolled. Letting everybody know I was available
for them. That my ass indeed wasn't at all entirely mine.

 There was an old white haired, yet tall guy called Thomas, who lived just down the
hall from me. Before I went to bed with Michael, and quite some time after, I completely ignored 
him.

 It then began turning me on, as he'd eye me entering my place with various gay boys. The look
in his eyes was of sheer lust. I always knew he was a fag with his pink cardigan
and cigarette holder.

 Eventually I began bumming cigarettes off of him. He'd tell me there were
gay rumours about me. At first I'd deny them, but eventually I was too far
gone to lie anymore, and I no longer cared what Joanne thought. I rarely saw her
anymore anyway.

 Late one afternoon, bleary eyed, stoned from my first joint of the day, still stinking of my
last lovers sweat and cum, I bumped into him in the hallway. As always,
he wanted to talk to me.

 "That guy you were with last night was cute. I've seen you with several
attractive men, " he said breathlessly, with a thick smoky British accent.

 "Yeah, I do go with guys now. I'm a total slut! " I couldn't help but blurt out.

 "Oh! You look like a slut baby. Please! Join me for a drink? " he desperately offered.

 "Well. I'm broke you know, " I smiled suggestively.

 I took a long drag from my cigarette, and played with my nipple. I Eyed him
intently. Eyeballing him with sexual anticipation, feeling like I really wanted to sell
myself for sex and for total self sexual gratification as well. So fucking Selfish of me, but God it turned me on.

 "Don't worry. I'll so look after you baby, " He insisted.

 We sashayed into his place.

 "Make it a large glass babe! " I called out as I sat on the sofa and
stretched out my legs.

 I Put my filthy bare feet on his shiny, super clean wooden coffee table. He returned with the
drinks, he didn't seem to care. I didn't care.

 He sat next to me. I lit a another cigarette and stared intently at my toe ringed
dirty feet in wild sexual fetish warp drive. I turned my toes and heel, and balls
of my feet every which way. Getting high on the wine. Admiring my sluttish feet and blatantly sexual toe rings. I was in total, total whore mode.


 "I so want to make love to you, "  he whispered.

 He placed his hand on my crotch and began massaging my raging prick through the
denim of my jeans. He placed his mouth on mine and began kissing me passionately.
The feel of his stiff mustache on my lip, and his heavy breath was a potent sexual enticer.

 I moaned deliriously as he moved his hand over my cock area more and more rapidly.
Our mouth action soon got into a vibrant sexual tongue wrestle. My mind went wild with
ecstasy as I wondered if he knew how many cocks my tongue had tasted.

 We then moaned and groaned even more loudly, lost in the blistering sexual inferno.

 "Oh baby! " I managed to garble.

 We were flailing wildly about on the sofa. pinching each others nipples,
madly exchanging saliva as our tongues mated like boa constrictors. The
smell of cum and sweat and  cheap perfume had my heart pounding like an
anvil.

 Suddenly my cock and balls, in the peak of the excitement, and feverish as hell.
exploded and drenched the front of my jeans.

 I repeatedly cried out in insane pleasure as I writhed around in his embrace.

 "Oh! Oh! Oh ! " I screamed. The cum soiling the skintight denim right down my leg.

 "Oh you're so good babe! " I panted as I fell on to the floor.

 Some cum from my jeans had seeped through and and was staining his carpet.
I laughed out loud thinking my slut seed was getting all over his place.

 "You can learn  from an old queen like me, " I heard him breathlessly say
as I tried to regain my own breath.

 Finally, standing up, I saw he was now also standing, and had removed his pants.
His thick nine inch cock stuck upright. As solid and formidable as a cannon.

 My limped wet cock now went immediately rock hard again.

 I stripped off my wet jeans and went to the shag carpeted floor on all fours.

 "Fuck me daddy! Please! " I screamed, fingering my ass hole , my hornyness now
renewed and much more so.

I shook my rampantly horny ass in his face.

 "You like to be called slut. Don't you? " He implied in a seductive lisp as I felt his
hot breath on my neck.

"Yeah daddy! " I impatiently replied.

 His hands then groped my torso and nipples as I felt the heat of his body on mine.

 "Please! " I cried out.

 His cock entered me and supercharged me. On each potent, yet delicate thrust
I felt it. It's fat head thrusting up against my sensitive prostate. Twisting, probing
and turning deep inside me. Teasing me and enticing me ever more.

 "The barefoot slut loves cock, "  he grunted, picking up speed as his prick nailed
me, making me shudder with more pleasure each time.

 "OW! " I repeatedly shouted as his cock hammered me.

 I gripped my wet, slippery cock and balls.
and squealed in delight when he began pinching and twirling my nipples.

 His cock writhed inside of me, clockwise, then counter clockwise as it smashed into
my raw, many times fucked little asshole.

 All of a sudden, he grabbed one of my legs and flipped this little slut onto his back, and then 
began relentlessly fucking me missionary style. He raised my legs and I clamped them around his 
shoulders like a vice. Sometimes his cock missed and rammed into my own inflamed cock and balls
and we both cried out in ecstasy.

 "I wanna rim your asshole daddy! " I managed to cry out as his manic  thrusts
again and again ripped his thick cock into my hungry slut hole. My back was feeling carpet
burn!

 It was pure, savage, uncontrolled, merciless, primal pleasure as this
this elder fag, hurt and abused, and pleased this sex starved lost boy's ass.

 Finally, after an insane tempo, his manly jet stream exploded and shot through
and into my ass, and filled my ravaged whore canal with his sexual syrup.

 My cum began shooting out, streaming out of me and through my sticky fingers and onto him and the carpet. I devoured his extreme body warmth, as he continued pumping me, and tears of pleasure
filled my eyes and rolled down my cheek.

 Eventually, finally we slowly settled it down.

 When it was all over, We smoked cigarettes and drank more wine. I smoked some more pot.
He liked to taunt me and cock tease me. I liked that. I cock teased him too.  

 When I was leaving his place, in my still cum wet jeans, he tapped me on the shoulder
and then kissed me. He handed me a wad of cash.

 "Thanks hun, " I said. So pleased with myself.

 "I guess you need it for drugs babe, " he said.

 "I like to party, "  I replied, blowing him a kiss.