 An Imaginary Homoerotic Tale

FOREWORD

This is a story about a timid young school leaver, Gregory Parry, who is totally unsure of his sexuality and is about to enter college in Berkeley, California. His mother, Elizabeth Parry, convinced that her son is gay, pays Sven and Liam two training assistants at Chris Newman's, Ringboy's Gym, a well known naked bodybuilding establishment in San Francisco, to take Gregory in hand and teach him the rudiments of gay sex, with a view to showing Gregory how to fend off unwanted attention from other guys in college. After a shaky start, Gregory turns out to be an apt pupil and not only acknowledges his sexuality, but dives head first into the gay scene and embraces a gay life-style. We leave a happy Gregory, shacking up at the weekends with a young man called Larry, who works as a training assistant at Ringboy's Gym. Mrs Parry sighs with relief that her son has come to terms with himself, acknowledged his sexuality and is happy. She can finally sleep soundly again.

*****

CHAPTER 1

Chris answered the 'phone: "Ringboy's Gym, this is Chris speaking. How may I help you?"

But before we find out what the caller wanted, let me first give my new readers a brief recapitulation of who Chris is and what role he plays at Ringboy's Gym.

Christopher Newman, known to everyone as Chris, is a young man about 25 or so years of age who owns and runs a naked body and cock building gym, called RingBoy's Gym, in San Francisco. RingBoy's is the only gym of its kind in the Bay Area. It is one of a dozen or so such establishments located on the West Coast of the USA, which cater basically, but not exclusively for young gay men who wish to build up their bodies and develop their cocks in a completely naked environment, where clothes are strictly prohibited. RingBoy's is an up-market establishment charging high membership fees but offering superb facilities for all types of body and cock development activities. 

Chris is a New Yorker who lost his mother when he was five years old and was brought up by a widower father, a rich banker, who sent his only son off to a top notch boarding school where he spent the most of his life until age 18. Chris was a keen athlete and gymnast and had realised by the time he was 18 that he was gay. He was a very well set up young stud, who nevertheless could not relate to any of his school mates and who left school aged 18 still a virgin and with a tremendous fear of any sexual contact with any other person: man or woman. His father, who had used the male escorts, Simon and Sebastian, on a regular basis to provide him with anal sexual stimulation, asked them to take Chris in hand and to try to bring him it the real world. Mr Newman was not happy about his son's sexuality but was enough of a man of the world to know that nothing he could do would ever change Chris's orientation. And so, Simon and Sebastian took Chris off to Florida, where they gave him a baptism of fire by fucking him very thoroughly and then getting him to fuck them.

Suddenly, a cloud was lifted from Chris's life and he became an eager participant in the gay sex scene; in fact once he had started it was difficult to hold him back. With three well-heeled gay friends in tow, he took himself off to a Greek island for six months, together with an experienced professional cock and muscle trainer, who subjected the young studs to a rigid regime, seven days per week, which turned all four of them into a set of superbly muscled young men with big cocks and large sexual appetites. 

Chris then went off to a college on the West Coast but after three months dropped out and moved into San Francisco, where he got himself a job as bartender. He soon met up with with a guy called Serge, another body and cock builder who turned out to be the love of his life and they moved in together as an item, where, as the fairy story would have had it, they lived happily ever after. But things did not turn out like that; in fact they turned out to be better than anyone could have imagined; least of all Chris and Serge.

Chris learned from his father that he should see a firm of New York lawyers who had administered his late mother's estate, about which he had never heard a word until now. So to New York he went, to learn that he was the sole beneficiary of his mother's will and had inherited a sum of more than $115 million net of taxes. He had gone to New York pretty well penniless and came back, a day later, a multimillionaire. With a small part of his inheritance, he bought a large building in down-town San Francisco and established the RingBoy's Naked Body Building Gym, locally known simply as RingBoy's. He and Serge had lived together ever since as an item in a huge apartment directly over the gym itself and this is where we now find Chris, answering the telephone call.

"This is Ringboy's Gym, Chris Newman speaking; how can I help you?"

"Good morning, Mr Newman. My name is Elizabeth Parry; you may remember I spoke to you a few months ago about my son, Gregory Parry. You may not remember me as I am sure you have many telephone conversations every day, but if I might refresh your memory; my call was in connection with the workshop your establishment was proposing, designed to help timid young gay men to find their feet, if I might put it like that, in the world of homosexual sex. At the time of my call, you told me that the workshop was already sold out: oversubscribed in fact; but that as my son, about whom I was calling, was only seventeen years old at that time, you told me that you could not anyway have accepted him for the workshop, as for legal reasons, all participants had to be a minimum age of eighteen."

"Oh yes, I do remember your call, if not your name, Mrs Parry, but how can I help you today?"

"Well, Mr Newman, it is still about my son, Gregory. I wondered if you were thinking of repeating the workshop, as if that were the case, I would like Gregory to participate; he is now eighteen by the way."

"Mrs Parry, I am sorry, but we have no immediate plans to repeat the workshop, which was a great success, by the way, and so I am afraid that I cannot help you."

"Mr Newman, to be frank with you, I am desperately worried about Gregory, who will be going off to college in the autumn and who is, how shall I put it, totally ignorant of the way life is lived in such places. So, I wanted him to have a foretaste of what he might expect so that he would not be taken advantage of by young men who are more worldly wise in such matters than he himself is. If you are not thinking of repeating the workshop, then might it be possible on a one to one basis that you could help Gregory?"

"Mrs Parry, I am not at all sure what it is that you want for your son. Could he not come along here himself and explain his problems to us and then we could see whether we could do something to help him."

"Mr Newman, therein lies the problem; my son does not realise that he has a problem! I am myself a practising psychologist and it is I who see my son's difficulties; it is I who fear for my son's future, for in matters sexual he is totally at sea: ignorant, would be a better description. Look here, Mr Newman, I wonder if I might come and see you at your gym and explain to you, in detail, my son's problem as I see it; it really is just too complicated to discuss on the 'phone. Might that be possible? Look we live in northern California, but I shall be in San Francisco at a professional meeting for two days next week; perhaps we could meet then."

Chris was not at all clear about what Mrs Parry wanted for her son, but finally agreed that he would meet with her at her hotel one evening the following week.

CHAPTER 2

Chris decided that he would take Sven Bergson and Liam Gallagher along with him to the meeting with Mrs Parry. Sven was the leading naked body building assistant (NBA) at Ringboy's and was the person, together with another RingBoys NBA, Liam Gallagher, who had conducted the workshop, which had been aimed at timid gay young men who could not overcome their fear of having sex with another man. Sven and Liam had together given practical demonstrations of just what was involved in the act of anal sex between two men and had then gone on to get the workshop participants to overcome their reluctance and let someone fuck their butts for the first time, thereby surrendering their anal virginity. They had then gone on to show each of the young men how they too could use their own cocks on another man. At the end of the programme, which lasted one full day, all the young guys who had entered the room as timid virgins had both been properly fucked and had learned the joys of using their own cocks on another man. All the participants had left the workshop, feeling that they were now fully integrated into the world of gay sex and that they had no longer anything to fear. The programme had shown them how to overcome that first fearful step of sticking their own cocks, into the anus of another man, and act so important to their well being as young gay studs, so that they could enjoy their sex life to the full. As Sven had told them, sex was an irresistible force, a totally natural urge that should be indulged as often as possible and never failed to give pleasure, no matter how many times it was re-enacted. Sex, as the saying goes, is a toy which never fails to please. It was just a question of getting started and the rest would just follow naturally.

Mrs Parry had taken a large suite in one of the best hotels in San Francisco and welcomed Chris, Sven and Liam.

"Mrs Parry, allow me to introduce myself to you. I am Chris Newman, owner of Ringboy's Gym and these are my colleagues Sven Bergson, who works with me and is, in fact, the top trainer at RingBoy's and Liam Gallagher, another colleague, who were the two guys who conducted the workshop for timid young gays which you had wanted your son to attend. I thought that they might have some useful suggestions, so I hope that you do not mind my bringing them along this evening. Please call us by our first names; it will make for a more relaxed atmosphere, especially as we are about to embark, with a lady, on a subject which would normally only be discussed between men. So at the risk of being rude, we shall call a spade a spade and in the interests of mutual understanding, please feel free to do the same. You have our personal assurances that nothing we discuss here with you tonight will go any further. So, Mrs Parry, if you would like to explain to us what it is you want for your son, Gregory and how you think we might be able to help you."

"Chris, Sven, Liam, I am myself a psychologist, a single mother with one son, Gregory, who has just turned eighteen and will be going away to college in the fall. Gregory's father abandoned me when Gregory was six months old; he had suddenly decided that he was himself gay and went off to live with another man. Since that date, practically eighteen years ago, I have seen neither hide nor hair of him; I have no idea where he is. And so Gregory and I have lived alone together since then in a small town in northern California. Gregory has been admitted to the Medical School of the University of California in Berkeley. Gregory is a keen sportsman and has a good physique and is truly a handsome young man, but he has, for some reason, an inability to make friends: friends of either sex that is: he is at present a loner. Moreover, I am quite sure that he has no sex life, either heterosexual or homosexual; in fact, I ask myself what my son actually knows about sex at all. But, don't get me wrong; I have seen Gregory's "equipment" and believe me, he has nothing to be ashamed of in that respect. Indeed he would give most young guys his age a run for their money."

Chris thought to himself: "Gregory sounds horribly like I myself was at his age, for I too had no friends and no sexual experience until my father took me in hand and forced me to go off to Florida with Simon and Sebastian. Just listening to this woman, I am practically reliving my own personal experience of just a few years ago, so I can well understand this woman's concerns."

Mrs Parry went on: "Now, what Gregory has not yet realised is that he is, in fact gay: he is a homosexual: a totally inexperienced one; but a homosexual nevertheless. However, his big problem is that he himself is totally unaware of where his sexuality lies: that is the problem. He has somehow to be made aware of himself and what he is and to learn to live as such. I wish it were otherwise, but it is not and nothing I or anyone else can do or say will change this fact; it is, metaphorically, engraved in his psyche, much like the Ten Commandments, in solid stone! So, the thing that worries me as his mother - and mothers do worry, you know - is that here is my only son about to go off to college, totally unaware of his sexuality. Gregory is a really good looking, muscular boy and I fear that if he goes off to college completely naïve and unaware of, how shall I put it, the facts of life, he risks being taken advantage of. He will find himself among gay young men, much more experienced than he himself is, who will take advantage of his sexual ignorance; in brief, I think he will be raped. So, what I want is for someone, possibly you young men, to take Gregory in hand, show him the ropes so that he can hold his own in his new environment."

Chris and Sven had listened to this outpouring in complete silence

Chris then said: "Mrs Parry, you say that your son is gay but it unaware of the fact. How on earth do you know what his sexuality is? He may be hiding it from you, especially if he is, in fact, gay, for often young men find it difficult to tell their parents their true feelings. So, how can you be sure that Gregory is gay and if he is, how do you know that he is unaware of the fact?"

"Chris, I am his mother. I have lived with him all his life up to now. Just believe me, a mother knows. There are signs; he has no girl friends, which is not normal for a boy of his age or even younger; he clearly has no interest in girls whatsoever. But equally, he has no close male friends either; Gregory is a lone wolf at the moment, which for a boy as handsome and well set up a he is, is definitely not normal. But I have observed him at various gatherings which we have attended together from time to time and I have seen that his eyes are always on other young men, never on the girls, although he never approaches anyone and never says anything to me. Yes, I am certain that he is gay but has not yet admitted it to himself; he may not even be aware of his sexual orientation; he is just a very shy and timid young man. But god alone knows, with all the electronic communications of today, I would have thought that he would have come to some conclusion about himself, but frankly, I just don't think so. He rarely goes out, preferring to stay a home and read or watch television, when he is not at the gym training. It is also strange that he has not made any close friendship with other guys at the gym, some of whom must be of the same sexual bent as he himself is. So, I can but repeat, as his mother, I am just certain that my son is gay and needs to come to terms with it. I wish it were different, but we just have to face the facts and make the best of it, which, looking at you three handsome young men does not seem at all bad!" Mrs Parry ended her remarks with a warm smile directed at all three young men.

"Mrs Parry, what you have just told us about your son mirrors almost exactly my own personal experiences. Like your son, I left school with no friends and it was my father who took me in hand by getting two male escorts to introduce me to gay sex, since when I have never looked back. It was the same with the young men who attended the workshop for timid gays; they knew that they were gay but, like me, found themselves unable to take the first step towards establishing a physical relationship with another man. So the problem we all faced was that of daring to take the first step and starting a physical sexual relationship with another man. But there is one very important difference between me and the boys who attended our initiation workshop and your son, Gregory. We all knew that we were gay, but just were too timid to take the first step and indulge in gay sex. But your son, you say, does not even realise that he is gay, it is just you who believe that he is, and so, his case is really much more complicated than ours, for he must first of all come to terms with the fact that he is gay, if indeed he is, and then take the first steps to develop a sexual relationship with another man. I am sure you see the problem we all face. So, if we were to agree to attempt to help Gregory, shall we say, "to find himself", how do we set about it?"

"Chris, I fully appreciate the problem. I do very seriously wish to put my son on the right path and I am just so fearful of what might happen to him if he goes off to college "wet behind the ears" so to speak, so what I suggest is that I have a preliminary talk with him and tell him what I think and then pass him to you so that you can see what you can do for him. I cannot just send him to you blind; he has to know that I am concerned about him. He will certainly think me mad, but I thought that if I told him what I think and then you took over from there, he would at least understand why he was meeting with you even if he disagreed totally with me about my thoughts. He would know that he was talking to a group of gay men, who wanted to talk to him about his own sexuality. So the ice would be broken and it would be for you to decide if Gregory is in fact gay, to get him to accept the fact and then to "show him the ropes". I would have to leave it to you as to what you decide to do with him but I would hope that he would emerge fully aware of what young gay men actually do with one another. My god, it all sounds so horribly clinical, but I see no other way. Please, Chris, give it a try. Cash is not a problem. Look I will write you a cheque right now for $5000 cover the costs of, shall we call it, your therapy sessions."

"Mrs Parry, if we agree to try to help your son, I have to tell you, as you must have realised, that the three of us here are all totally committed practising homosexuals: we are all totally gay. But I have to add that none of us are rapists: perish the thought! Therefore, even if, and it is a big if, we manage to get Gregory to acknowledge his own sexuality, about which we have only your views, if he does not wish to enter into a physical relationship with any of us, we cannot and will not force him to do something to which he does not agree. I have to repeat, Mrs Parry that we are not rapists; all sex in which we indulge both privately and professionally with our clients at RingBoys, is consensual. Mrs Parry, would you please be so kind as to allow the three of us to consider the situation in private for a few minutes, after which we will try give you an answer. You do appreciate, I am sure, that Gregory is a very special case and we do not want to jump into deep water feet first and find that we cannot swim."

Mrs Parry tactfully withdrew to the bedroom. Chris looked questioningly at Sven and Liam and said: "So, guys, what you think? This is a very strange request. It is not even easy to deal with timid young men who are aware they are gay but who are afraid to take that first step and fuck a guy, but here we have the added problem that we have to find out whether Gregory is, in fact, gay, or whether it is all just a figment of his mother's imagination. We could start talking to this guy, who is now of age, remember, and he would be entirely within his rights to tell us to fuck off and mind our own business. We must face the facts that however much his mother wishes to help him she no longer has any legal say in the matter. I guess we might be faced with what we might call a "hostile candidate" who might refuse to play ball, even if he is gay, as his mother maintains he is. So what do you two think, for if we go ahead with this crazy idea, it is the pair of you who will be in the front line? In fact, thinking aloud, the best idea might be if you two guys took Gregory on as your own private project, independent of Ringboy's, as I cannot see Gregory wanting to to jump in at the deep end in the somewhat unusual environment of a naked bodybuilding gym."
