 "So you want me to make you my bitch do you?" Klaus growled into my ear, his breath hot and smelling of the bourbon we were drinking earlier at the bar. He was pressing me – face first – against the wall in the men's toilet of a gay pub in Sydney. I could feel his big cock pressing into my ass crack through the jeans. 

"Yes babe please make me your bitch", I pleaded. 

"Don't you worry bitch I will and then make you my slut you cock hungry cunt" he said. He grabbed me by my shoulders and spun me around then started to kiss me roughly inserting his tongue into my mouth. 

I met Klaus online on a great gay hook up site several weeks before. He was in his mid-sixties (I was 36 at the time of writing this), about 180cm tall, a little on the chubby side, with snow white hair and beard. I had exposed my slutty side to him on chat and email. I told him that I wanted to be made his girl, bitch and slut and be used by him and his other mature mates. I had been made a bitch and slut of several other mature gents in the past. 

I sent him sexy photos of myself. He sent me photos of himself – I loved the ones of his big 8" cock. I remember my mouth watering for it and the tingling sensation in my boy pussy while I looked at it lusting for it. 

We decided to meet up this evening for drinks at a gay pub in CBD in Sydney. We chatted and drank and laughed. He was a good conversationalist. He placed his hand on my thigh several times feeling it through my tight jeans. It felt so good. Even though I've been with several older men, my heart was racing with anticipation. 

I excused myself to go to the toilet for a pee. I stood at the urinal and peed my eyes closed enjoying the sensation of the piss flowing out of my cock – or rather my clit. Thinking of the rest of the evening I started to rub my cock. I was so lost in the lust of the moment that I didn't notice that Klaus had come in and was peeing in the urinal next to me watching what I was doing. That's how I ended up face against the wall of the toilet.

He forced me on my knees and ordered me to suck his cock like a good little girl. "But what if someone walks in and sees us?" I said. 

"You would love that you little slut." You love being fucked in the presence of other daddies – that's what you told me on chat" he replied. With that he grabbed the back of my head and thrust his cock in front of my mouth. "Suck it you cunt." 

I opened my cock hungry mouth and took his big mushroom head in. Mmmmm it tasted so good. Droplets of his piss and per cum, the smell of his manhood and faint fragrance of his perfume. He held my face with both his hands and began to fuck my mouth pushing deeper and harder with every thrust. I have had big cocks forced into my mouth before and my mouth fucked like it was a pussy but Klaus was special.

"You like daddy's cock you fucking whore, I know you do." He pumped my mouth faster and suddenly he stopped and pulled out. I didn't expect him to do what he did next although he said 

I had said to him online that I would. "I'm gonna piss in your hot mouth girl and then I'll fuck it again and cum in it." I didn't have the chance to say yes or no. He grabbed my mouth almost forcing it open shoved his cock in and pissed. "Drink it you bitch. Ahhhg yeeees good girl." The truth be known I loved it! I swallowed as much as I could. 

Klaus then continued to fuck my mouth calling me his girl, a filthy little bitch, slut and whore. Harder and faster and deeper until he exploded in my mouth filling it with heaps of his lovely thick cock juice. I swallowed as much I could and the rest was dripping out of my mouth. 

He pulled his cock out of my mouth calling me his good little girl and bitch. I was pleasantly shocked by what I saw next. Three guys had been watching the show all this time with their cocks out jerking.

"You guys want to use my bitch?" asked Klaus. 

"Fucking hell yes mate" came the reply from two of them.

"Let take the cunt back to your place Jim," Klaus replied.

Klaus, Jim, Stan and I got into Jim's car and started heading to Jim's place. Jim and Klaus were in the front seats while I sat in the back with Stan. 

"You are a hungry cock whore aren't you" Stan teased me placing his hand on my thigh and feeling it. "Can't wait till we get the bitch home" laughed Jim. 

Stan put his arm around my and gently pulled me to him and started to put his tongue in my ear whispering what he do to me when we got to Jim's. Klaus turned around and asked me to be his good slut and suck Stan's cock in the back seat. I had never suck cock or got fucked in a car but there's always a first time. Stan had his cock out of his pants and his hand at the back of my neck pushing me gently towards his cock. I lick his dick head working my tongue up and down his long shaft. 

"Don't spill your cum in my car mate" teased Jim. 

"Carla will lick it clean for you" laughed Klaus. 

"What??? Carla?" you mean Carl" said Stan. 

"I gave him a girl's name mate he's a she- Carla." Klaus laughed.

Oh fuck! Klaus had told me online that if I really wanted him to make me his girl I'd have to wear panties for him. They had a good a good laugh. I nearly came in my pants... fuck all this was getting too much for me. I had pre cum all over the front of my boxers. I loved it! 

Jim had a very nice house overlooking the ocean. We had a more drinks. My heart was racing and my ass was tingling with anticipation of what was going to happen next. 

"Hey Carla baby go into that room and put on the sexy panties daddy bought you." Jim said. He had a sexy black and pink lacy panty at the end of the bed which I gladly put on and walked out to them. 

"Oh fuck yeah!" he's a fucking girl. Come here slut, turn around and bend over, I want to spank your sweet bum cheeks" said Jim. I did like he asked me. He placed his hands on my ass cheeks and squeezed them and then spanked them. "You naughty dirty girl you love cock don't you slut." "Yes I do I love daddy cocks" I whimpered. Spank! Spank! 

"Come here Carla baby" barked Klaus "I want to eat your sweet pussy and play with your clit." Spank! Spank! "You dirty little bitch" His big hands spread my smarting bum cheeks, and he started rimming me. He started rubbing my "clit" like he called it through my panties. "Fuck! This girl has cum oozing out of her clit." He turned me around and slipped out my clit from the front of my panties and started to lick off the pre cum. OMG! I nearly exploded all over his face. 

Klaus, Stan and Jim had taken off their clothes. They wanted me to stay in my panties. 

"On your knees Carla girl" said Klaus. You're going to suck cocks whore, lube us to penetrate that tight pussy of yours." I got on my knees like a submissive little girl and began to suck their beautiful cocks- yummy they tasted so good, salty, sweet... Stan's cock was the largest about 8" and thick. I took turns sucking each of them. 

Jim said that they should feed tow cocks at a time to "this cock hungry cunt." Oh no! I'd never had two cocks in my mouth before. It didn't matter because I dint have time to resist. Jim put his cock in first and the Klaus tried to insert his. After what seemed like hours of painful adjusting they slipped about three inches each of cock. I couldn't take more than that.

Stan asked me to sit on the floor at the end of the bed and tilt my head back and rest it on the edge of the bed. He mounted my face rubbing his cock, pre cum and balls on my face. "Open your fuck hole slut" he said and I willingly did. He inserted his cock down my throat and fuck it like there was no tomorrow. He exploded in my mouth filling it with his sweet cock juice. Klaus and Jim took turns fucking my mouth in that position. 

"Get up on the bed Carla, on your hands and knees." Klaus ordered me. You told me when we chatted online that you want a cock in your slutty mouth and male pussy. Get ready for a good pounding you fucking whore." He pulled off my panties as I got on the bed on my hands and knees. My tight male pussy high in the air lusting for their cocks to to be forced in and pumped and filled. Klaus was the first to use my pussy while Jim sat on the bed and pulled my face into his crotch. "Suck it bitch, you like it don't you?" 

Klaus put his arms around my waist while he fucked me harder and harder. "We are going to breed you you fucking slut." There's nothing like being fucked hard in both holes. Klaus was the first to cum filling my pussy with his man juice. Jim pulled his cock out of my mouth and shoved it up my cunt while Stan filled my mouth with his cock. Each of them seeded my pussy and ass. I felt like a slut and a bitch used like I wanted to be by these dominant mature men. They knew what they wanted and took - and I gave it. 

"You're a good girl Carla." Jim said. We'd love to use you regularly if you like us to." 

"Oh fuck yes!" I said laughing. "I'm yours to fuck, use and share."

"Let's go to the bathroom slut. We have something special for you." Klaus said as he took my hand and led me to his bathroom. It was a large bathroom. "Kneel down bitch." I knelt my heart racing wondering what next. They stood in front of me tilted my head upward and started joking their cocks. Oh fuck yes! They were going to give me a facial. I'm not sure who shot their cum on my face first but it hit me on the eye and dripped down. Soon the other two were grunting as they sprayed they cum on my face - nose, mouth, cheeks - a nice facial LOL. 

What they did next I didn't expect. "You remember when we chatted online you said that you wouldn't mind trying some light kink do you still want to?" Klaus asked me. "Yes I'd love to" was my response. "We are going to wash the cum on your face with our piss." Oh fuck! I had wanted to know what being pissed on felt and here it was. They pissed on my face asking me to open my mouth to take some of it in. I was soon fucking good that i was disappointed when they stopped.

I slept the night at Klaus's house. He asked me not to shower till i woke up in the morning. So i sleep with cum in my male pussy, mouth, face and body. Fuck it was more that good.