 SUNDAY IN THE DORM

Sunday morning, Jeremy and Cody woke up late. In fact, they were too late for breakfast. They were still tired and feeling a bit constipated which was understandable from all the anal sex at the principal's home. First Cody and then Jeremy went down the hall to the bathroom to take their morning piss. They didn't need to shower as they had showered the night before. Back in the room they were dressed only in their white boxer underwear. 

Cody was facing his bed straightening the covers when he felt Jeremy behind him. He felt his boxers pulled down to his feet and he stepped out of them. Next, he felt Jeremy close the distance between them and their smooth bodies came together. Cody felt the stiff cock press between his buttocks and then his cock got hard as well. Jeremy wrapped his arms around his roommate and then the hands slid lower to grasp Cody's erection. 

Turning his head and reaching back with his right arm, Cody pulled Jeremy in for a kiss. They kissed as Jeremy stroked Cody's cock as he moved his cock up and down between the sweet cheeks. They separated briefly as Jeremy retrieved the lubricant. He greased his dick and fingered Cody's anus in preparation for the morning fuck. Cody leaned forward placing both hands on his bed and felt the stiff dick enter him.

Jeremy's cock went in easy with no resistance and for good reason. Both boys had been stretched out by the four cocks they had the day before, especially by the Principal and Vice Principal. Jeremy held to Cody's hips as he drilled the blonde's lovely bottom. Within minutes he was shooting his first load of the day into a gripping, clenching rectum. Cody felt the surge of the warm liquid fill his chamber, a feeling he savored. Jeremy remained pressed against his lover as the sphincter squeezed and released the shaft multiple times. 

With his balls empty for the moment, Jeremy backed out and Cody immediately turned toward him. He put his hands on top of Jeremy's shoulders and pushed him to his knees. Knowing what was expected of him, he took Cody's cock into his mouth. The slender pecker was so much easier to manage than the big dicks they had sucked on Saturday. It was easy for Jeremy to play with the stiff meat and he loved swirling his tongue around the shaft. 

Cody had been turned on from being fucked so it didn't take long before he was ready to shoot. He let Jeremy know that he was close. Jeremy kept right on sucking as he was anxious to receive his morning treat. Cody held his roommate's head in a light grip as he ejaculated into the succulent mouth. It was a glorious feeling to shoot a big load first thing in the morning and to have his lover drain the stiff shaft. Jeremy backed off, looked up at the pretty blonde and smiled.

"Feel better?"

"Oh my God, that was wonderful."

"Let's shower and get dressed. At least we can make it to lunch today."

They went back to the bathroom and showered. After returning to their room, they dressed in the school uniform and headed for the dining hall. They were early but soon it was bustling with other students. Surprisingly they were joined by two others, first year students named Dougie and Ronnie. They, like Jeremy and Cody, were cute and slender. Their mannerisms were slightly effeminate and Cody wondered, "Could it be possible that they too were gay?" Ronnie spoke softly and asked.

"Are you guys gay? Dougie and I were thinking you might be."

Jeremy and Cody looked at each other and smiled. Jeremy then admitted that they were but said nothing of their activities. Cody then asked.

"Can we assume that you guys are too?" 

"Yes, but we don't room together and we were hoping that you knew of safe places to meet."

"After we eat, come back to our dorm room and we can all get better acquainted."

Dougie had hoped that he would meet some pretty gay boys at school but he never expected it to happen so quickly. He felt comfortable in the presence of the students and he was particularly drawn to Cody, who was gorgeous. Once they were back in the dorm room the four of them stripped naked without any hesitation. Dougie was placed on all fours and the other three marveled at his incredible ass. They took their time caressing it and fondling the sweet cheeks. Jeremy broke out his special lube and fingered the taut anus. Dougie moaned and cooed with all the attention to his irresistible bottom. 

He couldn't take much more foreplay and he asked Cody to fuck him. Dougie wanted to start with the smallest cock and then it would be Jeremy and then Ronnie. Cody eased his stiff pecker into the sweet derriere and caressed the cheeks as he fucked him slowly. Jeremy played with Dougie's little prick which was the smallest he had ever seen. It was Cody's second cum of the day and it would be a voluminous one as was his first. Jeremy and Ronnie told him not to cum in Dougie's ass and he understood why. When it was time, he pulled out and shot an enormous load all over the back and buttocks.

Jeremy was quick to move into place and slipped his stiff dick into Dougie. Cody took over playing with Dougie's dick and soon had him shooting his first load. Jeremy felt the sphincter tighten around his shaft as Dougie ejaculated. He ran his hands through the silky hair as he fucked their new-found lover. Unable to hold on any longer, Jeremy pulled out and fired a barrage of semen onto the back and buttocks of the shapely student. 

Jeremy wiped his dick on the curvy bottom and then moved away making room for Ronnie. Dougie was in another world as he had not expected to have sex that Sunday and it was overwhelming. Ronnie was larger than the other two but by then, Dougie was able to handle him easily. He gasped aloud when the larger cock entered his ass and his eyes opened wide. Cody and Jeremy loved the expression on Dougie's face. The dark eyes matched his silky dark brown hair. 

Jeremy played with the tiny dick jerking Dougie off as his ass was penetrated for a third time. Ronnie held to the slim hips and fondled the curvy cheeks as he fucked the lovely gay boy. Dougie had hoped to find a suitable lover at school but never expected to experience three cocks in one day. He liked the students who were fucking him. He didn't want to cum at the hands of Jeremy as he hoped he would get to fuck the pretty Cody. His thoughts were interrupted when Ronnie came and shot another load but without pulling out.

Dougie had so much semen in him it was a sperm enema. He had the sensation that he had to poop but he knew it was because his rectum was full. He was glad that he had not cum and he was ready to fuck Cody. Ronnie eased out of the well-fucked ass and more semen oozed out and ran down over Dougie's testicles.

"Cody, can I fuck you?"

"Of course, Dougie."

Cody moved onto his back in his bed and lubed his anus. He held his arms open welcoming the new lover into his body. Dougie pushed his small erection into the lovely ass and moved slowly. For Cody, it was like having a finger in his bottom but he still liked it. He wrapped his arms around the pretty student and stared into the dark eyes. He pulled Dougie toward him wrapping his legs around the slender smooth skinned body. They made eye contact and then they kissed. They both had soft lips and loved kissing each other.

Jeremy and Ronnie had moved to Jeremy's bed and got into the spoon position. Ronnie fucked his classmate as the two of them watched the action in Cody's bed. They liked the motion of Dougie's ass as he fucked Cody. Jeremy knew that he would fuck that beautiful ass again that day. In fact, they all would. 

Dougie broke the kiss and announced that he was cumming. Cody held him tighter and felt the spurts of cum shoot into his rectum. Dougie had buried his face in Cody's shoulder and groaned in passion. It was a wonderful feeling to be cumming in a lovely ass. As he slowly recovered from the intensity of his ejaculation, Cody kissed him again. The two of them remained in the missionary position kissing for several minutes. 

Dougie's cock softened and easily slipped out and Cody felt a trail of wetness on his buttocks. He was hard again and he pushed Dougie's head down toward his stiff dick. He smiled and took the cock in his mouth and made love to it. He was able to deep throat the pecker and swirl his tongue around the shaft. Cody loved the way he did that as he caressed the silky head of hair. 

Seeing Dougie on his knees sucking cock with his gorgeous ass pointed up, stirred Ronnie and Jeremy. Ronnie was close to cumming so he told Jeremy to fuck Dougie first as he did not want to cum to soon. Jeremy lubed his erect cock and moved in behind Dougie. He entered the sweet ass for a second time and fucked him slowly savoring the experience. He loved looking at and caressing the shapely buns as his cock slid in and out. It was a glorious sight. 

Dougie continued to suck Cody's cock and he played with it in his mouth. Jeremy's release happened sooner than he wanted but it was still a gratifying orgasm. This time, he shot his load into the scrumptious ass. He felt the sphincter milk his cock and as it softened, he eased it out. Dougie's ass was not vacant long as Ronnie quickly moved into place and re-entered the snug bottom.

Cody was next to cum with his seed rapidly filled Dougie's mouth. Dougie was surprised by the size of the load since Cody had already cum earlier. He did his best to swallow it all and keep from gagging. As his mouth was busy on Cody's cock, he felt Ronnie shoot in his ass. Just as he had with Jeremy, he clenched his sphincter around the thick shaft and created a milking action. The four boys were done for a while and they decided to shower again that day.

They went to the showers down the hall and cleansed their bodies. Afterward they dressed and went for a walk around the campus. That evening they dined together and then returned to the dorm room for more sex. The three of them was enamored with the gorgeous Dougie and could not get enough of him. Dougie wanted to cum again so he and Cody moved into a 69-position on their sides. They sucked each other's cock as Ronnie fucked Cody and Jeremy fucked Dougie. 

This was one of Dougie's fantasies that had now come true. He had always dreamed of having a cock in his mouth and one in his ass as his cock was sucked. He knew that he would never get enough of these sexy gay boys. In turn the boys would never tire of Dougie. Each one came one more time and then they were truly done for the day. They cleaned up one more time. Ronnie and Dougie left the dorm room and returned to their own rooms. It had been unplanned but it had turned into an incredible day. 

CLASSES RESUME

Following a full day of classes and eating dinner, all the students were either in the library or their rooms. Jeremy and Cody finished all their homework before they turned their attention to sex. First, they discussed meeting the other gay students. Jeremy mentioned Dougie in their discussion.

"Have you ever seen anyone with such a small dick?"

"I know. It was only about 3" when he was hard but I loved having it in my mouth. No chance of gagging on that cock."

"I loved fucking his shapely ass. It's beautiful."

"Me too, it's so round."

"Should we tell the Principal about Dougie and Ronnie?"

"I wouldn't and we definitely can't talk about the Principals and their wives."

"You're right. It's best to keep quiet about both."

"I getting horny again, let's fuck before we go to bed."

"Yes let's." 

The boys took turns fucking each other before sleeping in their own beds. That was pretty much the routine Monday through Thursday as they were very busy with class and homework. The only place that they saw Dougie and Ronnie was the dining hall. They finally got together Friday after dinner in the dorm room. Dougie and Ronnie were very anxious for more sex.

Dougie was going to be fucked by Jeremy and Ronnie before any other action. Jeremy would go first since he wasn't as large as Ronnie. That was to stretch him a bit before Ronnie fucked him. Jeremy was gentle with him allowing Dougie to adjust to his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in the irresistible ass and he fucked him royally. He held on to the pretty twin cheeks as he fucked him thoroughly. Dougie felt Jeremy tense and then fill his ass with cum. Jeremy had cum so quickly that he knew he could cum a second time. He continued to fuck Dougie's ass as the semen backed out and ran down over the testicles. Jeremy's cock drove into Dougie and then retreated until only the head remained in the rectum. Dougie felt the shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing him to cry out.

"Oh God your cock is so hot in my ass, so deep. Oh, fuck yeah, fill me with your dick. Cum in me, I want to feel you shooting in my ass again."

Jeremy continued to fuck the shapely firm ass driving his cock into the warm recess. He sensed his second orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in the hot ass. Jeremy felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass. Jeremy felt the sphincter muscle tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce out of it.

"Oh shit, I feel it. I love it. I love your hot seed flooding my ass." 

"My turn now Dougie, I'm so hot that I need to get my cock in your ass," Ronnie said excitedly.

Dougie bunched up the pillows and leaned over them accentuating his curvy ass. Ronnie picked up the gel from the nightstand and liberally applied it to his cock. He eased his slippery cock into Dougie's ass slowly. Between the gel and the semen, Dougie was well-lubed. In one steady, smooth stroke he buried his cock to the hilt in the receptive bottom. Ronnie withdrew slowly and then continued the methodical in and out motion until the sweet ass loosened up. He then began to pound the curvy bottom and his hips slapped against the shapely ass cheeks. Jeremy and Cody stood there and watched as Ronnie fucked the daylights out of Dougie's ass. Dougie moaned and groaned and urged Ronnie to fuck him hard and deep. 

Jeremy was glued to the scene before him as Ronnie fucked the beautiful young Dougie and Cody stroked Jeremy's resurgent cock. Cody led Jeremy by his cock over to where Ronnie fucked Dougie. Cody lubed his ass, leaned forward, spread his butt cheeks and guided Jeremy's cock into his ass. Dougie's ass was first class but Cody's wasn't far behind. 

Once Jeremy was settled in Cody's ass, Dougie sucked Cody's cock deep into his mouth. Jeremy's cock felt good in the warm recess of Cody's gripping clenching hungry rectum and he then began to fuck the hot ass with enthusiasm. Cody then came in Dougie's mouth triggered by the hot cock in his anal passage. Dougie worked his sphincter to perfection and drove Ronnie toward a massive ejaculation. Ronnie filled the sweet ass with a barrage of cum to an overflow state. The surge of his semen sent Dougie over the edge and he blasted his load all over the pillow cases.

It didn't take long for Dougie to turn his beautiful shapely ass up in the air in anticipation of another round with Ronnie's larger cock. Ronnie did not disappoint him and he was soon pounding the magnificent ass a second time. Cody got on all fours next to his classmate, followed his lover's lead and offered his ass to Jeremy. Jeremy filled with lust plunged his cock back into Cody's ass and proceeded to fuck the life out of him. At that point Jeremy wanted to cum again and it didn't make any difference whose ass he was fucking. 

Dougie and Cody got their asses totally reamed by Ronnie and Jeremy. Dougie wanted to cum again so he and Cody got into a 69 position on their sides and Jeremy and Ronnie slid their cocks back into their asses. The four of them writhed and humped until they all exploded with more ejaculations. Dougie and Cody filled each other's mouth with the familiar taste of their sperm just as Jeremy shot his wad into Cody's ass and Ronnie blasted his load into Dougie's ass.

The four of them stayed in the same position for about a half hour as their cocks deflated and slipped from their receptacles. Cum oozed from anuses and dripped down the side of mouths as the foursome recovered. As much as it would be fun to spend the night together. Dougie and Ronnie had to return to their rooms for headcount. They would hookup again on Saturday. 

A SATURDAY THREESOME

The four classmates met for breakfast in the dining hall and while they were eating Ronnie got a message that his parents had arrived and were waiting at the visitor center. After they finished eating, Ronnie went to the visitor center and Dougie hung out with Cody and Jeremy. Ronnie was a bit miffed that his parents had shown up without notice. He was looking forward to more sex but now it would have to wait.The three boys were on their way to the dorm room when they saw the Principal in the hallway. He addressed Cody.

"Young man, may I have a word with you."

"Yes sir, go on guys I'll catch up."

"Cody, my wife and I would like you to come to the house tomorrow after breakfast."

"Should I invite Jeremy?"

"No, not this time. Remember to be discreet."

"Yes sir."

"Good we'll see you tomorrow then."

Cody got to the room and saw that Dougie and Jeremy were already naked. He quickly shed his clothes and joined them. Jeremy was seated on the side of the bed and Dougie was kneeling on the floor with Jeremy's cock in his mouth. Cody took one look at the lovely ass and moved into position with the lube in his hands. He began lubricating the sweet bottom and fingering the cute anus. Then he lubed his cock and eased into the pretty classmate. 

Dougie then resumed sucking Jeremy's cock and Dougie knew he was close to cumming. Dougie then felt Cody's body stiffen just before he shot his load into Dougie's ass. It was Cody's first cum of the day and Dougie could the feel the force of the ejaculation as streams of cum flooded his rectum. Dougie tightened his sphincter muscle around the cock in an effort to draw out every drop of man seed and he was rewarded for his efforts as the cock throbbed, pulsed and seed filled his rectum.

As Cody slowly fucked Dougie allowing his cock to soften in his classmate's ass, Jeremy groaned that he was cumming. Dougie kept the cock in his mouth as Jeremy fired rope after rope of cum down the open throat. That triggered Dougie's orgasm and he blasted his load onto the floor just beneath the bed. Dougie sucked on the cock until it deflated and slipped from his mouth. 

Dougie then moved between his classmate's legs and slipped his cock into Jeremy's ass as Cody offered Dougie his cock to suck on. That time Dougie came in Jeremy's ass, and Cody came in Dougie's mouth. Dougie moved to all fours and then Jeremy fucked Dougie as Cody fucked Jeremy. The three of them fucked until Jeremy and Cody shot their wads in the anal passages. Then they rested and thought about their next round of sex.

It didn't take long for the young cocks to spring back into action. Dougie got in bed and turned his beautiful shapely ass up in the air in anticipation of Cody's cock. Cody did not disappoint him and he was soon pounding Dougie's magnificent ass. Dougie got his ass totally reamed by Cody. Dougie and Jeremy then got into a 69 position on their sides and Cody took turns fucking their asses. The three of them writhed and humped until they all exploded in orgasms. Dougie and Jeremy filled each other's mouth with the familiar taste of cum just as Cody blasted another load into Dougie's ass.

The three of them stayed in the same position for about a half hour as their cocks deflated and slipped from their receptacles. They were done and it was nearly lunchtime. They quickly showered, dressed and just made it to the dining hall in time for lunch. After they ate, Cody went to the library to get his homework done. He knew that it would be unlikely that he would get anything done on Sunday after spending the day with the Principal and his wife. Jeremy and Dougie returned to the dorm room and spent the afternoon together.
