 SATURDAY AND A NEW ADVENTURE

Cody and Dougie had been instructed to come to the Principal's home right after breakfast on Saturday. They did as they were told leaving Jeremy and Ronnie to entertain each other. When they arrived at the house, they were greeted by the wives Jamie and Samantha. The two were dressed in miniskirts, thigh high hose and see-through blouses. It was amazing how much they looked like beautiful women. Jamie greeted them in a sexy voice.

"Good to see you boys, come with us we have a surprise for you today." 

The followed the wives into the bedroom, a place they had not been before. As they walked behind the pretty fem-guys, they stared at the lovely shapely legs and round bottoms in the tight skirts. Both students hoped they would get to fuck those hot asses again.

In the bedroom the boys saw clothes laid out on the bed. They resembled school uniforms in a way except that they were girl's clothes. There were two identical outfits and also two wigs with long braided pigtails. Samantha then instructed them to take off their clothes. The boys stripped down to their underwear and placed their clothes on the bed. 

"Jamie and I will get you boys ready now. This day you will become femboys. Have you ever worn lipstick?"

Both boys shook their heads no and now they were somewhat apprehensive. They had no idea where this day was headed. They were told to sit on the edge of the bed and then the two wives approached with lipstick in their hands. 

"This is a nice light shade and won't leave an obvious trace when you return to school. Jamie and I will put it on you so that it doesn't smear."

The wives applied the light pink lipstick to the sweet thin lips. Both boys were surprised by the sensitive sensation and they shivered at the touch. They both got boners that tented their underwear. Jamie noticed their condition and smiled.

"Look Samamantha, they are getting excited already. The femboy clits are stiff."

The wives finished applying the lipstick and then it was time for the wigs. Each wig was put in place and they really resembled young girls. Dougie and Cody looked at each other and they were shocked at the effect of the wig and lipstick. The wives were pleased with the feminine appearance and it was time for the clothes. Again, Samantha gave the instructions.

"Now take off your underwear, we have some nice panties for you to wear."

The boys stood up and slipped off their underwear. The hard-little cocks stood out and the wives giggled. They were handed silk panties to wear and they slipped them on. It was their first-time wearing silk panties and they loved the sexy feel of them. Next, they put on white knee-high socks and then a navy blue pleated mini-skirt. Finally, a white cotton blouse and they were dressed like school girls. The wives loved the look and told the students to look in the mirror. Cody and Dougie were stunned and in awe of how feminine and pretty they looked. 

Samantha then spoke, "Okay girls, it's time to go see the men."

LET THE GAMES BEGIN

The four of them left the bedroom and walked into the family room where Dirk and Fred were seated. Both men gave out a wolf whistle when they saw the students. Samantha had the femboys swirl around so the men could see all sides of them. Fred and Dirk got hard quickly and they instantly needed relief. The role playing began as Fred addressed the students.

"So, tell me girls, do you like to suck cock?"

Cody responded as Dougie was speechless, "Yes sir, we do."

"Well good, let's get started then as my colleague and I have stiff dicks that need attention." 

The two Principals stood up and the femboys approached them. They knelt in front of the men and reached for the waistbands of the warmup pants. Pulling them down slowly the two cocks leaped out and bobbed in front of the students. Both femboys stroked the impressive cocks briefly before taking them in their mouths. Cody took Dirk's and Dougie took Fred's.

The scene was so erotic at Samantha wanted to capture it so she began taking pictures. The pigtailed heads bobbed back and forth on the throbbing dicks. Fred told Dougie to look up at him. He looked so darling dressed like a girl, sucking cock in his sensuous mouth with his sweet face in view. Cody presented a similar image to Dirk.

Then men would fuck the femboys later but for now they were savoring the oral skills. It was the most erotic scene ever for the husbands and they had their wives to thank for the creativity. The femboys were very talented cocksuckers and they loved licking the shafts and nibbling on the soft spongy cockheads. When Fred was close, he held Dougie by the pigtails but was careful not to pull the wig off. He decided to cum all over the angelic face.

Fred pulled his cock out and stroked it shooting a massive load onto Dougie's face. It hit his forehead, cheeks, chin and eyes. Dougie then took the cock back in his hand, stroked it squeezing more seed from it and then put it back in his mouth. He sucked out any remaining cum and licked the shaft clean. The same act was carried out by Cody and Dirk. 

The wives then came over with towels and wiped their husband's cocks. Then they wiped the semen from the femboy's faces. Fred and Dirk pulled up their warmup pants and returned to their chairs. They would watch their wives with the femboys. Jamie lifted up Dougie skirt and saw his little erection straining against the silk panties.

"Oh my! Look how hard your clit is, I can see it in your panties. Would you like me to lick your clit?"

"Oh yes, please suck my clit."

Jamie had Dougie sit in a chair and she lifted the pleated skirt up to the waist. She pulled the silk panties down to the top of the knee-high socks. Leaning in she took the small dick in her mouth and sucked on it. In the other chair the same scene was repeated with Cody and Samantha. Both femboys were so turned-on that they came quickly. Massive loads entered the skillful mouths of the two wives who swallowed every drop.

As soon as they recovered from the intense ejaculations, the femboys were placed on their knees facing the chairs. They leaned over on the chair seats and their skirts were flipped on their backs. The panties were still around their thighs just above the knee-high socks. The two lovely asses were on display and they truly looked like young girls about to get their butts fucked. 

The wives lubricated the lovely bottoms and they were so excited, they were concerned about cumming too quickly. The pulled up the tight mini-skirts and pushed their panties down to the tops of their thigh-high hose. They moved in close and eased their stiff dicks into the sweet asses. For the husbands and wives, it was the hottest scene they had ever witnessed.

Janie's and Samantha's shapely asses were visible with their buttocks clenching and releasing with each thrust. The femboy's marvelous asses jiggled with every thrust. The wife's breasts could be seen bouncing inside the see-through blouses. Fred and Dirk had their cocks back out and were stroking them waiting their turn at the femboys asses. 

Jamie was the first to cum and she pulled out to shoot her seed onto the scrumptious bottom. Streams hit the buttocks and anus as she aimed her cock at the dilated hole. Dougie squealed with delight when the felt the warm sperm coat his cheeks and bounce off his anus. Jamie then put her cock back in the sweet ass and let the sphincter drain the rest. Semen ran down between Dougie's buttocks, over his testicles and into the panties.

Samantha didn't pull out right away and she let the first stream fill Cody's rectum. Then she pulled out and sprayed the remainder on his buns and anus. Using her cock, she spread the seed around in his crack and then pushed her dick back in his ass. He too had semen trickle down and gather in the silk panties. Looking over her shoulder she could see that the husbands were ready for their turn.

Dirk and Fred had shed their warmups and were both sporting erections. The wives moved away and Dirk got behind Dougie and Fred took Cody. The guys had lubed their cocks and quickly slid them into the receptive asses causing both students to gasp. They were careful not to hurt the boys and they slowly and steadily fucked them with the cocks going deeper each time.

"So, do you like being femboys and getting fucked like school girls," Fred blurted out.

Dougie replied, "Oh yes, I love it. Fuck me. Fuck me all day."

Cody agreed, "This is so hot."

It took longer for the husbands to cum the second time but they were in no hurry as they loved fucking the curvy femboy asses. Both Dirk and Fred fucked the students slowly. Their big cocks would go deep into the recesses and then they would pull back leaving just the head in the snug bottom. They loved watching the penetration over and over. The husbands caressed the shapely asses as they fucked them. 

It took about 30 minutes for them to cum a second time. They pressed forward and drove in deep as they ejaculated into the femboy rectums. Both Dougie and Cody squealed with delight when they felt the surge of semen shooting into them. The husbands stayed deep in the sweet asses and allowed the sphincters to squeeze and drain their cocks. They slowly eased out and watched as their seed trickled out of the femboy's dilated anus and over their ball sacs into the silk panties.

Jamie and Samantha were there with the towels and wiped the femboy bottoms. They saw that the panties were soaked with the cum that had leaked out of the rectums. Dougie and Cody were beside themselves with a need to cum again. Cody cried out.

"I need to get off."

Dougie agreed, "Me too."

Samantha replied, "Take off your panties and suck each other off. We'll let you fuck us later.

She knew that the boys would cum quickly and spew big loads. The panties were removed and Samantha put them in the laundry. Dougie and Cody quickly moved into a 69 position on their sides and sucked each other's cock. Samantha's calculations were accurate as they both ejaculated quickly and filled their mouths to overflowing. The wives wiped the boy's faces free of the semen that had escaped their mouths. It was time for a brief rest before the games resumed.

MORE GAMES

The wives gave the femboys clean panties to wear. This time they were cotton panties, the kind that young school girls would wear. The students were then instructed to dance around, hop. skip and jump. The couples were turned on by the actions as bare thighs and panty covered bottoms were flashed when the short skirts flew up. The pigtails on the wigs added to the arousal as they too flew into the air. The husbands had seen enough, their cocks were hard again and they were ready to fuck the femboys a second time. 

As before the boys knelt in front of the chairs and leaned onto the seat. Their skirts were flipped up and the panties pulled down to their knees. Jamie and Samantha lubed the two bottoms again and the husbands filled the receptive asses. Dirk fucked Cody this time as Fred took Dougie. It was another long fuck session before the husbands came a third time. This time the loads were smaller and remained in the rectums for the time being.

Dougie and Cody were sporting erections and true to their word the wives let the boys fuck them. Cody fucked Samantha and Dougie did Jamie. It was sight to behold with the wives now leaning over the chairs and the students behind them. The wives had their short skirts pulled up and their panties down around the top of the hose. The femboys still had the cotton panties down to their knees with their skirts pulled up. They came quickly as they were busting with desire. Even though it was the third time the loads were still large and flooded the rectums. 

Dirk handed the towels to the wives so they could catch the cum oozing from their bottoms. Jamie suggested the Jacuzzi but the husbands passed as they were done for the day. The wives and femboys stripped and walked naked outside to the Jacuzzi. The wigs were removed too so as not to get wet. Samantha grabbed some towels and a tube of lubricant, as she was sure that they would fuck the boys in the hot tub. 

JACUZZI FUN

The four of them entered the hot tub naked and at first relaxed in the hot bubbly water. Minutes later they all moved around finding jets to douche and soothe their bottoms. It wasn't surprising that they got turned on by the jets and soon all four were sporting erections. Cody and Dougie were instructed to lean over the side of the Jacuzzi while Samantha got the lubricant.

She and Jamie lubed the lovely sweet asses in preparations for more anal sex. The wives eased their cocks into the femboys and fucked them slowly. It would take some time before they would cum again but there was no rush. The pretty wives savored their time in the curvy bottoms. They got a little tired standing in the water so they moved to edge of the Jacuzzi to sit out of the water. They had temporarily pulled out of the students but now instructed them to sit on the cocks.

Cody sat on Jamie's dick and Dougie did the same with Samantha. Now the wives could relax and let the femboys do the work. Cody and Dougie moved up and down impaling themselves on the stiff cocks. Their own erections flopped around as they fucked themselves on the rigid peckers. The femboys leaned back into the wives and they felt the firm tits against their backs. Unable to hold off any longer the boys stroked their cocks as they were fucked.

The femboys both came before the wives and they shot into the spa water. The clenching of their sphincters did it for the wives and they both ejaciuatled into the gripping rectums. The four of them were breathing hard and stayed coupled together for several minutes. Eventually the femboys moved off the softening cocks and located a jet to douche their bottoms. 

At this time everyone was sexually sated and done for the day. The four of them went inside to join the husbands with a drink. Cody and Dougie got to have a beer and later they showered, dressed and headed back to the dorm. As they walked together, they replayed the day's actions. Dougie was excited beyond expectations.

"That was the sexiest most erotic thing that I have ever done. How about you Cody?"

"It was for me too. I never thought I would like dressing like a girl but I did."

"Me too, I hope we get to do that again."

"I'm sure we will. Everyone was so turned on by the way we looked. It was great sex."

"The best ever, should we tell Jamie?"

"Oh no, this is our secret."

"Okay my lips are sealed."

"For now, until I put my cock back in your mouth."

"That's funny."

THE DAY IS NOT OVER

The boys arrived at the dormitory and Dougie went to his own room. His roommate Todd was suspicious of Dougie's behavior. Where did he go all day? Who was he with? Was he gay? It seemed like he could be. When he saw the trace of pink lipstick on Dougie's lips, that convinced him that his roommate was gay. Todd went to bed thinking about his roommate with the gorgeous ass. He was horny and missing his girlfriend but could he ever bring himself to fuck another guy, even one as pretty as Dougie? 

In Cody's room, Jeremy was alone and was happy to see his roommate, he asked.

"How did it go today?"

"We had great non-stop sex. We even got fucked in the Jacuzzi. How was your day?"

"Uneventful, I spent most of it with Ronnie. He doesn't like getting fucked. He just wants to fuck me."

"He'll suck your cock, right?"

"Right, I missed your ass. Are you up for a good fuck before you turn in?"

"Sure, I can't cum anymore but you can fuck me."

Both boys got naked and Cody knelt on his bed. Jeremy lubricated the scrumptious ass and then eased his cock in where it had been many times. He was in no rush to cum but he ejaculated quicker than he expected. He pulled out and shot his load on the sweet buttocks. Cody felt the warm seed land on his ass and he was glad that his roommate had pulled out. He didn't feel like douching his ass again before bedtime. Jeremy got a towel for them to clean up.

"Thanks for not cumming in my ass. I wasn't up to douching it again."

"I figured as much. I'll see you in the morning."

"Yeah but remember to save yourself. You're spending the day with Jamie and Samantha."

"Right, I'm looking forward to that."

"I'm sure they are you, goodnight."

"Goodnight."

In the other dorm room, sometime during the night Todd woke up. He was naked and sporting a huge erection. There was just a dim night light but Todd could make out Dougie who was kneeling on his bed on all fours. His naked ass was perched in the air and he wiggled it seductively. Dougie had his head down on the bed turned to one side and he whispered softly to Todd. 

"I have my ass ready for you. It is well lubed and waiting for your big cock." 

Todd was lost for words and without speaking he got out of his bed and behind Dougie. He seemed to be in a trance as he eased his impressive cock into the incredible ass in front of him. Something was wrong though as Todd's cock seemed to grow to an extreme length. His cock kept getting longer and he kept feeding it to the receptive ass. Todd didn't think it was possible for so much cock to go into a rectum. 

Dougie kept asking for more and Todd kept feeding it to him. Then Todd felt his balls tighten just before he ejaculated. He shot a massive load into Dougie's rectum. It was so voluminous and so forceful that it backed up and shot out all over the room. He seemed to keep cumming and the semen covered his roommate's body obscuring him from view. Soon the entire room was white with semen and Todd felt tremendous pressure in his scrotum. He felt like he was going to explode and then he woke up.

"Holy shit." He whispered.

His chest and abs were soaked with his cum. He had had a wet dream and he had been dreaming about fucking Dougie. He couldn't believe that happened and he was shaken and confused. He had never thought about sex with a guy until that night when Dougie came back to the room. It had to have been the hint of lipstick and that marvelous ass. Todd tried to get back to sleep but he kept thinking about Dougie's ass.

SUNDAY DEVELOPMENTS

Dougie woke up and his body ached all over. It had to be from all the sex and variety of positions the day before. He also remembered jumping around with Cody so that the mini-skirts would flip up and expose the luscious thighs and panty covered bottoms. He moaned slightly when he moved in bed. That got Todd's attention.

"Are you okay?"

"Yeah but really stiff from all the exercise yesterday. Would you do me a favor and rub my shoulders and back?"

"Sure, I can do that for you." 

Todd stared at Dougie in just his sleep shorts as he had never seen a guy look so feminine. Dougie's skin was hairless and without a blemish and when Todd began the massage, he felt the smooth texture of the skin. Todd had massaged his girlfriends but he couldn't recall any of them with skin any smoother. He began at the neck and shoulders and worked his way down the back. As he massaged his effeminate looking roommate, Todd felt his cock harden in his underwear. 

Dougie had turned his head to one side resting on his hands folded on the bed. He noticed the bulge in Todd's briefs and he smiled. Dougie also noticed that the outline of Todd's cock was very impressive and he guessed the size to be close to seven inches and thick. It was not as big as Fred's cock but not far behind.

"Would you mind doing my legs too? I'm just stiff all over."

Todd didn't speak but massaged Dougie's calves up to the back of his knees and then his thighs just below his buttocks. Todd then stared at the shapely ass in the snug sleep shorts before him. Now that he looked at Dougie's ass it looked very inviting. He noticed that his hands were now shaking as he massaged the thighs just below the alluring ass. Todd's cock was now throbbing and he was worried that he might show pre-cum in his briefs. 
