 Friday was an in-service day so the students had nothing really planned, Dougie would end up with a jam-packed day that he would not soon forget. It was a day that his irresistible sweet ass would be packed all day. It started with the morning ritual with his roommate Todd. Dougie moved to all fours and had his bottom well-lubed by his roommate. Todd's cock was throbbing with the anticipation of fucking the sweet ass again. In fact, he never tired of fucking the pretty Dougie. He eased his cock into the experienced ass and moved slowly as he tried to make the anal sex last as long as he could. He loved watching his cock slide in and out between the curvy buttocks and he loved caressing the smooth cheeks. 

As much as he tried to make it last, he came quicker than he had wanted. His cock pulsated and he shot a huge load deep into the clenching rectum. He pressed forward and felt the shapely buttocks against his pubes as he emptied his balls into the receptive passage. Dougie groaned when he felt the surge of semen shoot into him, a feeling that he cherished. Todd felt the sphincter tighten around his shaft and milk it free of his remaining sperm. 

When they separated, Dougie tossed on a pair of shorts and made his way to the showers. As he washed and douched his ass, he thought of the Principal and his large cock. If the Principal was up for sex, he was too. He wondered if Dirk would be there too. He finished his shower and returned to his dorm room to get dressed. He would have breakfast first and then visit the Principal's office. He was one of the early ones to the dining room and hardly anyone was there yet. He dined alone and then made another stop in the bathroom to pee before his appointment. He left the building and headed to the Principal's office.

MORE COCKS FOR DOUGIE

Dougie arrived at the office and he was greeted by Fred. He was surprised to see Cody there at the office. The Principal told him to strip. Cody was already naked.

"I thought that I was to just pick up some papers."

"Yes, Dougie but I need to fuck your sweet ass again."

Dougie did as he was directed and he felt Cody behind him lubricating his anus and he knew that he would have more than one cock in there that morning. He felt the strong hands on his shoulders and then the large cock entered his ass. Cody had guided Fred's cock into Dougie's bottom. He was glad that Todd had stretched him out earlier.

Fred fucked the young pretty gay slowly as he savored every second, he was in the sweet ass. Cody had moved to his knees in front of Dougie and gobbled up the stiff erection. Dougie always loved having his cock sucked while he was fucked and he was pleased that it was happening again. Fred must have really been horny because he came very quickly. However, he remained in Dougie's ass determined to cum a second time before vacating the receptive chamber. 

Cody was caressing Dougie's testicles as he sucked on the vibrant smaller cock. Between the fondling of his balls, the succulent mouth and the big dick in his ass, Dougie felt his release building. His lithe slender body stiffened and he ejaculated into Cody's mouth. His seed spewed from his shaft and quickly flooded the oral cavity. Cody blocked the forceful discharge with his tongue allowing the semen to run out of his mouth. The rest of it he swallowed and then proceeded to suck the cock free of any remaining cream. 

Fred continued to fuck the lovely sweet ass and he was really moving now drilling the cute bottom. Dougie emitted a vocal, "Ah," each time the Principal thrust into him. Cody desperately needed to cum at the point so he sat on the desk and offered his cock for Dougie to suck. The student willingly took the dick in his mouth. Cody was excited and he too came quickly with his first release. The seed shot into Dougie's mouth and he swallowed as fast as it entered. 

Right after Cody came, Fred felt his nuts tighten and he filled the rectum with his second load. Dougie felt the semen fire into his curvy bottom and he rotated his ass in circles indicating his pleasure. He could feel the sperm swishing around in his rectum as the second load mingled with the first. Cum trickled out even with the cock still in him and ran down his leg. Fred eased his softening cock out of the clenching ass and watched as more of his seed flowed from the dilated anus. 

"Cody, would you like to fuck him now?"

"Oh yes!" 

Cody got behind Dougie and eased his smaller cock into the well stretched bottom. His cock entered with ease and he began fucking his classmate slowly at first and then he picked up the pace. His thrust caused the lovely buttocks to jiggle, a sight he dearly loved. Within minutes he was cumming and shooting into the gripping, clenching rectum. He loved the way Dougie could grip a cock with his ass. 

"Very good Dougie, Cody will help you get cleaned up. I won't see you this weekend but maybe I will see you next week. 

Cody douched Dougie's ass and they both cleaned up. Dougie got dressed and left the office. He headed back to the main building. Checking the time, it was almost 1:00 PM and he had been in the Principal's office for over three hours. No wonder his legs were stiff from standing at the desk. He wasn't too hungry but decided to have a light lunch before the dining room closed. 

Dougie entered the dining room and it was still fairy crowded. He got his food and looked around for his friends hoping to sit with them. He heard a voice and he saw that it was Brock, the resident assistant. He was seated with three other Senior students.

"Dougie, come and join us."

Knowing it would not be smart to refuse, he sat at the table with the four seniors. Brock introduced them as Carl, Troy and Vern. 

"Dougie, they are all seniors like me."

"Nice to meet you."

"Nice to meet you too Dougie," Carl replied and then noted, "Ronnie told us about you lovely ass."

Dougie blushed as he realized that Ronnie must have shared their encounters with the others. "Really," he responded nervously.

"Oh yes, he said you are quite the good fuck." 

"Are all of you gay?"

Troy laughed and responded, "No we are not gay but we like having our cocks sucked and fucking cuties like you."

"Where is Ronnie?"

"That's just it, we can't find him and now we need someone else to suck our dicks and let us fuck him."

Dougie sensed that after lunch he would be their toy to do whatever they wanted. He was nervous but Brock assured him that they would all have fun. He finished his lunch and as he was told, he went with the four seniors. They took him to an isolated room where several mattresses were on the floor. Immediately Dougie sensed that a lot of sex had taken place in that room.

"Get undressed," Brock ordered.

Dougie took off his clothes and at the same time watched the others do the same. He knew from Ronnie about Brock's big cock but then he saw three more impressive cocks come into view. Each dick had to be at least 7" long and they were all thick. He was directed to kneel on one of the mattresses. They would fuck him beginning with the smallest cock and finishing with Brock. Troy was the first to go and he began by lubing Dougie's bottom.

"My, my he does have a lovely ass, so fuckable," Troy whispered.

Once he was lubed, Troy slipped his cock into the well-used bottom and fucked him slowly. Carl knelt in front of Dougie and offered the cute gay his cock to suck on. 

"Get me hard and wet for your ass. I'll be there as soon as Troy is done with you."

Brock then reminded his colleagues, "Cum on him not in him. I don't want an ass full of cum when I go there."

Troy was enamored with the lovely ass and it did not take him long to cum. He pulled out and shot a substantial load onto Dougie's back. He stroked his cock free of all semen and then moved away. Carl moved quickly and removed his cock from the succulent mouth and knelt behind the pretty gay. He lubed his cock quickly and then eased it into the curvy bottom. Vern then offered his cock to Dougie's mouth.

The ritual continued with Carl shooting his load on Dougie's effeminate body before moving away. Then it was Vern in the boy's ass and Brock moved in to get his cock sucked. Vern was very turned on and he too came quicker than he expected. He pulled out and sprayed his seed onto the curvy bottom and back. Finally, it was Brock feeding Dougie his big dick.

This time, since he was the last one, Brock did not pull out but instead flooded Dougie's rectum with a huge load. Dougie's thighs were burning from being on all fours for so long. He collapsed forward onto the mattress with semen oozing from his well-fucked ass. He lay still as he recovered and he could feel the sperm trickling out of his anus. He never heard he the others leave but soon realized he was alone and naked.

Dougie cleaned up the best he could and got dressed. Walking gingerly, he left the building and headed back to his dorm room. He was still a bit in disbelief that he had had seven cocks in his ass that day beginning with his roommate. His rectum was tingling from all the action. As he approached his room, he hoped that he would be alone for a while as he need to rest. He wasn't in the mood to see Cody or engage in a threesome with him and Jeremy. He was relieved when he arrived and the dorm room was empty. He flopped down on the bed and dozed off quickly.

CODY LEARNS ABOUT RONNIE

Cody and Jeremy were in a 69-position on Cody bed leisurely sucking each other's cock. It was foreplay for them as they were both interested in fucking each other. Cody got fucked first and then he got to fuck Jeremy. Afterward they lay cuddled together and Jeremy told Cody about Ronnie.

"Ronnie ran away, nobody knows where he went."

"What happened?"

"He was being bullied by four seniors. I mean he was being forced to have sex with them."

"Wow, are they gay too?"

"No, they are more like Fred and Dirk. They like having their cocks sucked and fucking gay guys."

"Ronnie didn't like to get fucked."

"Exactly, so he complained but to the wrong people. He complained to the Principal."

"Oh my God! What happened next?"

"Fred and Dirk both fucked Ronnie and had him suck their cocks. They chastised him for reporting the seniors and told him to get used to it."

"So instead he ran away."

"Right, he just upped and left."

"I hope he is okay. I hope he gets home safely."

"Yeah, me too."

"I bet those seniors will be looking for a Ronnie replacement."

"Yeah, I agree. I hope Ronnie didn't spill the beans about us."

"I guess that we will know soon enough."

"I bet you're right. I have to get some studying done."

"Me too, let's study and after dinner we can play some more. Besides we have no plans this weekend."

"Works for me."

SAMANTHA TAKES A RISK

While Fred was having his fun fucking the gay students, his wife Samantha was entertaining a faculty member in their home. Owen Wilson was a math teacher who also had his share of sweet young gay asses. He had often toyed with taking it a step further and sucking on a young vibrant cock but he still had not taken the plunge. He was well aware of Samantha and her husband's secret, although he had never acted on it. On that in-service Friday afternoon, he snuck away as he knew Fred would be busy all day.

Samantha was surprised by his visit but she liked the handsome teacher and had often fantasized about him fucking her. She invited him in even though she knew it was a big risk. Fred and Samantha had never included any faculty member in the sex lives. Only Dirk and Jamie had partied with them. Samantha offered Owen a glass of wine and he accepted.

They just smiled as they clicked glasses before taking a sip of the wine Owen was in an amorous and curious mood. They relaxed for several minutes as Samantha sipped the wine and then throwing caution to the wind, she maneuvered her body around so that she leaned into his body and cuddled up close. Owen instinctively put his arm around Samantha and let his hand drop onto her breast. She cooed as they sipped wine and listened to the music as his hand gently massaged her tits through the thin dress. His cock had hardened in his pants as did hers in her panties.

He let his hand slip inside the dress and found one of Samantha's naked breasts. He toyed with the tit and the erect nipple as he excited her and increased his own arousal. She then stood up and let the dress fall from her body. She stood in front of him wearing only her panties and he could see the 6" erection through the transparent material.

"Kiss me Owen."

He put his wine down and stood up as she pulled his shirt up and over his head. Now just in his pants, he took Samantha into his arms and they hugged. He loved the feel of her tits against his bare chest and he loved the smooth feeling of her skin. They stayed together holding each other so tight that a ray of light could not have passed between them. He let his hands drift down to her panty covered ass and he took both ass cheeks in his hands. Their legs rubbed against each other's pubes and both hard cocks were pressed against the other's thigh. Owen slipped his hands inside her panties and gently squeezed the smooth curvy ass cheeks.

Samantha lifted her head as a girl would to be kissed and instinctively Owen kissed her. It was a tender kiss and he could not believe how soft her lips were. They kissed again and this time her tongue probed his mouth gently forcing it open. Owen returned the French kiss and their tongues dueled with each other as they continued to hold to each other. When he kissed her, it didn't seem like he was kissing a fem-guy. Owen never kissed any of the gay boys he fucked at the school. Samantha broke their embrace and dropped to her knees. She pulled Owen's pants down to his knees allowing his cock to catch in the waistband and then spring free in front of her face. 

She didn't take the cock in her mouth at first but instead she planted soft kisses up and down the throbbing stiff shaft. Owen moaned as the soft lips kissed his cock and balls. She gently stroked the hard cock as she kissed his tight ball sac. Just about the time that Owen thought he would go out of his mind with desire, her mouth covered the cock head and she let the 5" cock slowly enter her mouth. Still was able to take it all in her mouth. Owen was incredibly turned on and then he realized that he was about to cum. He held her head and let his fingers run through the soft long hair as her head bobbed up and down.

Owen felt the surge in his loins and the pressure in his cock just seconds before he unleashed his load into Samantha's mouth. He ejaculated into her mouth and she swallowed quickly as one jet after the other shot into her. He felt his cock pulsate as five or six strong streams of semen shot through it and into her succulent mouth. Then he felt the barrage subside as she sucked the remaining cum from the stiff cock. Owen felt weak kneed and he held her head firmer as if for balance. Samantha continued to suck the softening cock and then she nibbled on the sensitive head causing him to shiver and groan. Owen couldn't take the gentle nibbling on his cock as he almost felt faint so he pushed her away from him. She let the cock slip from her mouth but not before giving the head one more nibble. The sensations rippled through his body as the head of his cock left her mouth with an audible pop.

Owen staggered over to the sofa and flopped down in it as he was momentarily drained. It had been the best blow job in a while that he got from anyone. Samantha snuggled up to him and caressed his chest. She kissed Owen again and pushed her tongue into his mouth. Owen subconsciously kissed her back without thinking that he had just cum in her mouth. He was sure that he could taste his own cum but it didn't bother him. As Owen continued to recover, they continued to kiss and he once again rubbed and fondled her tits. 

He lowered his head to her breasts and began to kiss and suck them as he had done many times before with women. Her nipples were rock hard and he gently nibbled on them. He held one nipple in his teeth as he ran his tongue over the hard nub. She cooed as he worked on the tits and nipples and she leaned back on the sofa. He continued his sucking and fondling of her tits and then he decided to jerk her off. Owen let his hand trail down her body and inside the panties. He took the hard cock in his hand and jerked it slowly. He liked holding the dick in his hand.

Samantha placed her hands on top of Owen's head as he continued to suck on her tits. He felt the steady light pressure on his head as she pushed down on it. He lowered his head and placed kisses all along her firm tummy and as he did, he stared at the hard cock in his hand. Samantha groaned and pushed again making it clear what she wanted. He continued to kiss her firm abs and he made note of how smooth the skin always was. He stared at the cock in his hand and struggled with his inhibitions.

"Owen, please suck my clit. My clit is hard and throbbing. Please take my clit in your mouth," Samantha pleaded.

He wanted to please Samantha but he struggled with the thoughts of actually sucking a cock. He had an internal tug-of-war as his desire and the thoughts of his manhood were in conflict. Finally, he gave into his desire to please her and he thought to himself, "Who else would know if he sucked a cock for the first time."

Owen lowered his mouth onto the hard cock and pulled her panties down further in the process. She groaned as the warm mouth covered her dick and she realized that Owen had taken a big step. He was surprised how easy it was to take the cock in his mouth and it felt as if he was sucking on a thick finger. He liked the feel of the cock resting on his tongue and as he sucked on the vibrant pecker. He was lost in his own thoughts when the first stream of cum shot into his mouth. Samantha was incredibly turned on and it hadn't taken her long to cum. Owen reacted by swallowing the first stream and then more cum entered his mouth and he swallowed that too. He didn't find the taste repulsive at all and it wasn't that bad. Samantha groaned and moaned as she unloaded in his mouth and then her cock softened quickly. 

Owen liked the feel of the dick softening in his mouth and then he teased Samantha just as she had done to him. He nibbled on the soft cock head and he relished in the way she trembled and shivered from the sensations. Samantha pushed his head away and he let the soft cock slip from his mouth. Owen moved up to Samantha and French kissed her letting her taste her own cum. The two of them kissed for quite a while and she was overcome with lust and pleasure. She was so pleased that Owen had sucked her as she knew that he had never done that before. Owen felt no different about his masculinity after sucking her cock and he was sure that in the right circumstance he would do it again.

The two of them separated and she cuddled up in his arms. They remained quiet for quite some time and sipped their wine. Then Samantha spoke softly, "That was beautiful Owen, thank you so much. How was it for you?"

"Surprisingly it was not bad at all." 

"I want you to always think of me as a woman. I want to be a woman with you and make love to you," she said softly and then kissed him again.

"I will always think of you as a woman and I love the things that we can do together," Owen agreed and then added, "Let's go to bed."

"Take me to bed and make love to me like a woman," she whispered.

Owen picked her up and effortlessly carried her to the bedroom. He placed her on the bed and she stretched out and opened her legs exposing her anus. Owen took the lubricant from the night table and squirted some directly on her aperture. He then used his finger to lubricate her anal passage. Samantha cooed as he worked his finger in and out of her ass and he smiled when her cock got hard. Owen then rocked back on his haunches and applied a liberal amount of lube to his cock. He stroked his cock into hardness and then placed the head at the entrance to her ass. With a gentle steady pushed his cock entered her ass and then he gently rocked back and forth going a little deeper with each movement. Once his cock was fully embedded in her ass, he leaned in and began to fuck her like a woman.
