 I was woken up by a knocking on the door that Sunday morning. I look over at my phone and it's 5:30 AM. Who the hell knocks on your door at 5:30 AM? I walked over to door wearing just a pair of boxers and nothing more, while trying not to wake my parents up. In my mind, I start thinking about who could it be, and what is he doing here so early. I was supposed to be at Nathan's house at 7:00, but I was unsure whether I was actually going to do it. I mean, was I really going to become his cockslut? All of that stopped once I saw who's at the door.

It was Nathan.

Did he come all the way here this early to make sure I wouldn't back out? I wasn't sure. But I knew where we were going next.

He looked at my almost completely naked body and a small grin appears on his face. It was clear I was turning him on.

"Oh, hi Nathan. I didn't expect to see you here this early. I was just about to get ready and head to your house." I said, trying to find a way out of this situation.

"I'm sure you were. How about you put some clothes on and I'll take you there myself? My parents are out of town, so we should be free to do what we want." He replied, as his arm reached around me and grabbed my ass firmly. He's done this before, I was sure of it.

Seeing as there was no way out of this situation, I had to follow, and after ten minutes. We were already waiting for the bus to his house.

I didn't really know what to expect. Was I going to like it? Am I actually gay? And if I am, am I really this submissive? So many questions filled my head. Is this going to be a normal occasion now? Do I want it to be a normal occasion?

The bus arrives and we get on it. Before I even paid the driver Nathan signals me to sit at the back with him. We sit at the back and do nothing for a while. A few more minutes pass, and suddenly Nathan grabs my hand and puts it on his crotch. His cock was visible through his pants, and it was massive and rock hard. I was slightly panicking in my head, as I didn't want people to see us, so I tried moving my hand away, but he held my hand in place. I looked at him awkwardly, trying to show him my discomfort. But he didn't care. A few minutes pass like this, and Nathan is ready to make the next move. He moved my hand away while still holding it tightly, and took out his cock. I was starting to visibly panic. He pulled my arm towards him and made me grab his cock. It was enormous, and I wasn't sure what to do. 

"Jack me off." He said.

I was in shock. What if someone will notice? I wasn't sure what to do, so I just sat there, until he decided to make me do it.

He reached for my throat and grabbed it, but didn't choke me. He held it firmly and said, "Do it, or you'll face the consequences when we get to my house."

I had no choice. He let go of my throat and I started to jack him off. His cock was massive, so even a single stroke would take longer than usual. The sight of his manhood started to turn me on more and more. I started to get hard. The more I stroked, the more I wanted to put it in my mouth. To taste it again and to make it cum. I wanted Nathan to use me with it like a cum dumpster. I was getting excited. 

The ride ended and we went to his house. My heart was beating faster and faster as we got closer. When we got there, he wasted no time. In a few moments, his clothes were completely off. He took my shirt off and pulled down my pants. He grabbed my shoulders and lowered my to my knees. I knew what was coming next.

I wasted no time and went to work. I started by stroking his cock with quick, short strokes. As I was stroking his dick, I started to lick the head of his dick. My tounge was swirling around it, and he let out a few soft moans. I started licking his shaft as well, making sure it was fully wet before the real fun starts.

I slowly lowered my mouth on his penis, wrapping it with my warmth and spit. I managed to get it half way in before I started to gag. There was no way it was getting in any further, so I started to suck up and down from the tip to that point. He seemed to be enjoying it, and so was I. His cock was just delicious and sucking it hard made me erect. After a while of sucking him, he decided I could get a few more inches in my mouth. He grabbed my head and lowered it on his cock. I knew how to deal with it this time, so I just let go and allowed him to do his thing. I started to gag and choke, but he didn't allow me to breathe. I held my breath until he got my head all the way down his shaft, and held it there for a few moments. He let go and I immediately flinched back, coughing and gasping for air. He looked at me for a moment, smiling. He didn't give me much time, and soon enough he thrusted his cock into my throat again. I was focusing on not choking so I didn't notice what was he done.

"Look up at me." He said.

Snap! A flash blinded my eyes. He just took a picture of this! As soon as he put his camera away, he started thrusting in and out of my mouth, first with strong, slow thrusts, and getting faster as he went.

I didn't really agree to what he did earlier, so I had no idea what direction this encounter might take. I started thinking of possible outcomes and I started to get worried.

His thrusts were fast and my face was wet with spit. I felt his cock twitching and I knew he was close. I prepared myself for his load, as he took out his cock and came on my face. It was quite a bit, so some of it dripped down onto my body. My face was covered in his seed, but I knew he wasn't done. However, I couldn't have expected what was about to happen.

After letting me rest for a bit, he grabbed my hips and turned me around. I was on all fours, waiting for him to penetrate me. He positioned his cock near my butthole, but before he started pounding me, he suddenly said, "You can come out now boys, I've got a treat for you."

3 guys enter the room. They're all very similar to Nathan's, as they're all fat and very tall. Their cocks seem to be the same size as Nathan's as well.

What. The. Fuck. I certainly wasn't going to agree to this. We're they waiting here the entire time? Did Nathan tell them I was about to come? Well, I certainly wasn't about to stay and find out. I immediately try to get away from Nathan and get to my clothes that were thrown on the floor next to us, but Nathan still had his grip on my hips, and he pulled me towards him, holding me as hard as he could. 

I really didn't want to do this, but again, it seemed like I had no choice. I let out a sigh as one of the guys positions himself in front of me. As Nathan slowly starts to penetrate me from behind, the guy is already fucking my face. The two other guys stood next to us and jacked off. Nathan started slowly, first getting his entire size in me once and then pulling out. First, he pounded me with hard thrusts, but he went faster and faster. The guy that was face fucking me was certainly not as gentle. I choked and gagged a few times without much room to take a breath. He even slapped me a few times. And as much I thought I would hate this situation, I was rock hard and super turned on. Nathan's pounding felt amazing and having my face used that much by the other guy definitely added to that feeling.

"Damn Nathan, where do you keep finding these fine ass bitches?" The guy fucking my face said. 

"Look at this slut's ass. Can't wait til' I get my dick in it." said one of the other guys.

Nathan didn't reply. He just kept fucking me as fast as he could. The room was filled with the sounds of Nathan's crotch smacking against my ass, me gagging on a dick, and the other guys calling me derogatory names.

I could feel both of their dicks twitching. This was going to be a big one. Nathan and the guy fucking my face both thrusted one last time, filling my body with jizz. they pulled out their dicks and cum started to drip from my holes. I was laying on my stomach, exhausted. But again, Nathan wasn't done. He sat on the couch, his dick still fully erect, while the two guys that were jacking off the entire time lifted me from the ground and sat me on Nathan, with my face turned away from him. One of them positioned himself in front of my face while Nathan was getting ready to make me ride his cock. Meanwhile, the two other guys made me grab their dicks. This time I knew what to do with them.

Nathan didn't start slow this time. My entire body was bouncing up and down, as Nathan kept fucking me furiously and my face kept getting stuffed with a huge cock. The two guys I was jacking off didn't last long, as they both came at the same time, letting out 2 huge loads on my face. Nathan and the guy fucking my face weren't that far from cumming either. One last time, they thrusted as hard as they could into my body, Nathan filling my ass with his cum and the guy fucking my face choking me with his.

As I was thrown to the floor, tired and looking for some rest, I heard the 3 guys saying their goodbyes to Nathan and leaving. I wanted to leave as well, but I could already see Nathan walking to the door and locking it. I had no power left to protest, so I decided it's better for me to rest here for a bit. Maybe I'll be able to sneak out late at night? Nope. Nathan already lifted me from the floor and carried me to his room. There, he strapped me to his bed. This guy was a total maniac, yet I couldn't deny how turned on I was by the situation.

"You've been a good little slut today, so I'll give you a treat." he said, as he approached my cock with his lips and started to suck. The sensation was amazing and I couldn't wait to cum. His tongue held my cock as he kept devouring it, pushing me to my climax. I shot streams of cum into his mouth

"You taste good. I might keep you longer just for that." he said, smiling with a few drops of cum dripping down his lips.

He left the room and kept me strapped to the bed. I decided I should get some sleep to prepare myself for what's to come. I didn't know a lot of things but if there was one thing I did know, is that I was somewhat enjoying being a submissive slut.