 It all began when I was hitching through rural North Carolina back in the early 1970s.

I was a young, tight feminine looking man. Light brown hair and long legs. My eyelashes are naturally long and people have said I have eyes like a girl. I was in the navy and that particular day I was wearing my uniform as we did in those days while on liberty.

I watched as a new Buick pulled up to give me a ride. An older gent about sixty years old was driving. "Hop in," he said, "where are you going?" "Norfolk to catch my ship," I told him. "Well I always liked the taste of fish," he laughed with a twinkle in his eye.

The man drove in silence for about twenty miles. Suddenly, without a word he pulled off on a dirt farm road. Pulling over in a ditch he unzipped his pants revealing a red, wrinkled, small penis.

Knowing what the old fart wanted I leaned over to kiss it as it wasn't the first cock I had sucked. He pushed my head down making me gag. But I loved how he took control making me his bitch, so I proceeded to suck him off. 

My nose was smashed into his old crinkly hairs and it was hard to keep from laughing.

I didn't much enjoy his old man taste, but well a ride is a ride and hard to find in that part of North Carolina.

Mashing my mouth down around his pecker he finally exploded in my throat as I worked at swallowing it all.

When we tried to go we found out we were stuck and it just so happened a farmer on his Ford tractor was driving down the road. "Yep, I can pull you out," he drawled, "fer a price."

The man whose cum was dripping from my mouth whispered something to him as his eyes lit up. "OK deal," shaking hands with my driver.

Proceeding to hook his tractor up he easily pulled out the Buick. To my surprise the driver drove off without a backward glance leaving me standing there with the farmer; cum dripping off my chin.

The farmer was in his early thirty's and not bad looking. Bib overalls, tee shirt, work boots. "Come here sailor boy," he said pulling out a nice looking hard cock. "That man said you would pay me," he grinned with tobacco stained teeth.

Looking nervously around the only thing I could see might help were some black men working the fields about two hundred yards away.

Getting on my knees and taking the farmer's sweaty cock in my mouth my tiny hard penis started to drip a sticky clear liquid.

"Shuck yer pants," he growled.

Not letting go of his marvelous cock I wiggled out of my pants. Bending over with my ass stuck out like a bitch in heat. I cupped his large balls in my hand I proceeded to suck his nice looking meat.

Sweaty balls and musky odor didn't faze me as I pulled his cock into my mouth. Grabbing my head he forced his cock deep into my willing throat. I was loving the taste and texture of his sweet cock. I also loved that he was making me his bitch as I gagged on the sweet meat fucking my throat.

About five minutes of noisy slurping and sucking I noticed the black people, about half a dozen, had wandered over and were masturbating watching me suck the farmer with my ass stuck in the air.

Huge black cocks at full attention, some had drops of precum dripping from the tips.

A minute or so later one of the black men roughly grabbed my hips and spitting on my boi-pussy shoved his huge meat into my tight ass. I remember screaming out in pain and then moaning in pleasure. I started to thrust my ass back at the pounding cock in my ass, his balls slapping against my nut sack.

There I was, my virgin ass being fucked by nine inches of black meat. My lips on a nice white cock with four or five men standing around waiting their turn. The black cock in my ass rammed away making me grunt and groan. As the white meat in my mouth exploded down my throat. I tried to swallow all of it but some spilled out of my mouth dripping down my chin. I felt I was in heaven as I savored the salty sweet taste of his cum.

One of the black men shoved him roughly aside and filled my mouth with another huge cock. "Damned boy you know how to suck cock," he groaned. "Mmmmmmmhhhfffffffhhdd," was all I could say. His cock buried deep inside my throat. What I was trying to say was he was only my fourth cock I had ever sucked. My first being my mom's boyfriend one day long ago. The second being the man in the Buick.

I was being fucked in my man-pussy for the first time. I loved the feeling of being fucked like a woman. And I was sucking a black cock for the first time. Loving it all I knew I had found my calling.

I loved the taste of the black cock even more than the white cock I was so infatuated with just seconds before. I knew I was a total slutty cock sucking faggot.

I sucked him to completion, loving the feel of sticky salty cum dripping from my lips filling my belly with his love juice. At about the same time the man in my ass finished fucking me. As his cock slipped out of me it was followed by a gush of cum that sprayed my legs, making a sticky mud below my feet.

One after the other of the farm hands took their turns fucking me in the mouth and ass. When they all had their way with me I lay exhausted in the dirt their cum dripping out my ass and down my legs and chin mixing with the dirt.

"Hey, sissy boy," one of the men said, "I know someone who may be interested in hiring you if you want a job". "Maybe," I answered; "doing what?" The man laughed and said "being a whore, what else is a sissy fag good for."

"Come on faggot," he said pulling me along by the hand. 

It was starting to get dark and I was glad because I was totally naked except for the dirty navy white top that was still on me.

It was filthy with cum and dirt. The proud stripes on it were dirty and blended with the white flap. My little cock swung down making me blush with embarrassment. Not noticing he took me to his old rusty pickup truck and off we drove down the dirt road.

We pulled up to a tar paper building with girls and guys milling all over the place. It was loud and noisy and most of the people were black. Although some were white with every shade in between. The girls were in a state of undress and I saw some girl giving a large black man a blowjob in front of us all. 

There was a lot of drunken laughter and I knew I was at a whore house.

"Come on," my benefactor said as he took me toward the back to a wooden door. After knocking and whispering to someone through an eye-level hole in the door we were allowed into a room filled with smoke where there were five or six men playing cards.

Standing there trying to cover my exposed boy-clit with my hands, I could feel the eyes of the men gazing at my discomfort.

I was a sight, torn navy jumper filthy with cum and dirt. My ass dripping cum down my nut sac. Dried cum on my face and lips. Little clitty hanging sorrowfully down between my ass cheeks.

After a brief whispered conversation with one of the men, I was ordered to drop to my knees and give a blowjob to one of them.

I was happy to do so as I dropped down among the cigarette butts and dirt on the plank floor and proceeded to suck one of the largest black cocks I had ever imagined. I could barely get my lips around it.

I could hear the men laughing at me and I blushed a deep red. "What a sissy we have here," one of them snickered. "Okay, sissy sit on his lap and shove that meat up your ass lets see if you are material to work here." After the fucking I had earlier, I was somewhat afraid to put the huge cock in my ass, I didn't see I had a choice. "Here," one of the men said, "try this." Slapping some black grease on my ass. "Axle grease might help," he grinned. I thanked him and flashed him a smile. "come back see me when you get hired," he grinned," I'll rent your lips for a bit."

Facing him I straddled his legs, my little clitty swinging in front of his face. 

His complexion was so black he was almost blue. He had pock marks on his face and big dark eyes. His huge member was standing at attention as I gingerly lowered myself down and it slid into my ass easily thanks to the grease. 

My nuts ground into his hard belly.

Now I knew that I was addicted to cock as it slid up my boi-cunny. I was facing him as he pushed me down making me bite my lips so I wouldn't cry. He gave me a kiss on the lips as he rammed his huge black meat into me. His tongue and cock inside me at the same time I started squirting wads of cum all over his belly. "You'll be cleaning that up later," he growled.

That's when I knew I was a cock sucking faggot and a proud of the fact. After about five pumps I could feel him start to shudder as he filled me with his yummy cum.

"Okay bitch clean that shit off my belly," he commanded after kissing me with his tongue in my mouth. Sorrowfully I pulled his cock out of my fuckhole and started licking my cum off his cock and belly as I felt his cum leaking out my ass and down my legs. 

"Okay you're hired," he grunted. "Ruthy," he yelled, "get this cum sucker cleaned up and give him something to wear; he starts now!"

A big beautiful black woman with a large afro haircut approached me. "Come with me honey, my name is Ruthy." She took me by the hand and led me to another room down the hallway.

After she cleaned me up she gave me a kiss and said "yes you are a cutey, here you go" and threw me a faded flowered print hand-me-down dress that was missing some buttons and one of the straps was gone but it was clean and it covered my ass (almost), my wee clitty peeked out from beneath.

I started to get a boner as the cute skirt rubbed against my ass making me look like a slut. 

God, I realized I was a whore! The thought made my clitty ooze a drop of clear liquid. 

Ruthy then pointed to a pair of high heels that I squeezed on my feet thrusting my butt out like a cheap street walker. 

Damned, I felt so damned slutty and sexy.

"Get out there on the dance pole and dance," Ruthy smiled." "If a customer wants you, tell them two bucks for a BJ and three for a fuck: to be paid to me," she added, pointing out a door that led to where all the noise was coming from.

To be continued