 I stumbled through the door that Ruthy the beautiful black woman had shown me. 

The music was sultry and sexy, the voices muted as dozens of people milled around in different states of undress. Beautiful women slipped between the crowd and some were roughly being fucked in front of us all. Others were giving blowjobs to the clientele. 

The room had comfortable chairs and tables randomly placed around the room.

I could not see any other faggots in the room. 

The high heels I wore didn't help me walk very well since it was the first time I had tried to wear them and the fact that the floor was slippery with used condoms and cigarette butts. 

The smoke was stifling, marijuana, cigarettes and cigars sending out plumes of heavy smoke. 

I made my way to the dance pole in the center of the room and watched as a naked, young white girl ground her pussy into it, her high heels making her seem even more appealing. Men were standing around yelling encouragement and laughing. Some had thrown wads of money at her but the bills were being picked up by what I assumed were people working for the establishment. 

The music seemed to keep her in rapture as she swayed and used the pole as her lover. 

As I watched mesmerized, I felt a hand on my butt and suddenly my shift was rudely yanked from my body leaving me naked except for my high heels. I turned and faced one of the largest men I had ever seen.

He was almost seven foot tall with a huge chest and rippling biceps. making me feel like a child standing next to him. His skin was a nice chocolate brown. he was wearing only trousers that were too small for his huge frame. Tilting my head back I looked in his brown eyes. His face was lovely and warm making me swoon. 

"What have we here," he drawled, "a sissy boy?" He started to laugh, a belly laugh, full of life. Yanking me toward him he crushed me in his arms and kissed me with his full lips. I could feel his soft cock beneath the tight fitting pants, it felt huge and it stiffened as he hugged me. "Damned," he murmured in my mouth, "you are sexy. How much is Spoon charging for your ass?" he asked. 

"Spoon? Who is Spoon?" 

Laughingly he informed me that Spoon was the owner of the joint. I realized that Spoon must have been the man who had fucked me minutes before and whose cum was still dripping from my boy pussy. 

"Well Ruthy told me three bucks for a fuck," I told him gingerly rubbing my sore ass. "Only Two for a Blowjob," I added hopefully. 

I could feel someone else's hand touching my ass cheeks and swatted it away. 

"What is your name?" I asked. 

Again I could feel someone's hand on my ass cheeks and twirled to find another man behind me. He was white with an evil look in his eyes as he ran them up and down my body making me squirm under its gaze. He had his cock out and was stroking it with gnarled hands, scarred and filthy. His pink cock was hard and bent as he jerked it, a small drop of precum dripping from the tip. He reached over and pulled me toward him without a word. 

I felt rather than saw the blow from the big black who was now behind me. It landed squarely on the white man's face gushing blood over his chin and chest. 

"Wait your fucking turn!" The black roared. Then more gently, looking me in the eye, "my name is Ribeye; but I only have a buck fifty." 

He grabbed the man sprawled on the filthy floor whose face he had just smashed, reached in his pocket and came out with a crumpled soiled bill. 

"Here we go," smoothing the bill out, his face sank as he noticed it was only a one dollar bill. "Well maybe I will take that blowjob, I love your painted lips." 

"You have to give it to Ruthy," I told him as I felt the heat coming from his big body. I reached over to touch his bulge in his pants and he grabbed my hand and helped me unzip the zipper. Out flopped his beautiful brown member, easily twelve inches long, uncut, standing proudly, waiting for my attention. 

Pushing me to the floor my knees sank in the blood and cum I proceeded to take his lovely cock in my mouth. Its taste was divine, salty and sweet, with a hint of musk. I wrapped my lips around it licking the underside as my tongue peeled back the foreskin. My hands cradled his huge ball sac and I squeezed gently. 

I wanted to be a whore; I wanted to be the best whore this dive had ever seen. I wanted this man to fuck me and make me his bitch. I wanted several men to fuck me making me their bitch. I felt I was a bitch, a bitch in heat. My cockette was hard and straining, my nuts were filled with juice waiting for release. I marveled at them knowing I had cummed only minutes before but still wanting; even more; cock. 

Ribeye then pulled his sweet cock from my drooling lips and bent me back over a table and proceeded to push his marvelous cock into my ass. It hurt like hell, but luckily Ruthy had greased it up before I had entered the room. I sighed in pleasure as his balls bounced against my ass cheeks. I wrapped my legs around his beautiful butt cheeks. 

I was in heaven!

It didn't take long for Ribeye to start to cum inside my stretched man-pussy. Groaning and panting he squirted huge gobs of sticky yummy cream into my hole. I could feel the cum spraying my insides like a fire hose some of which sprayed out my ass dripping down my nuts and onto my butt cheeks. "You're my bitch now," he stated. 

"I am your bitch Ribeye," I assured him. 

I am going to fuck you every night. what is your fucking name, bitch?" He demanded. 

"Donny, I am called Donny," I told him. I was called by my last name in the Navy, but I preferred to be called by a more sissy name. 

"Well, Donny bitch, I will see you later," he said. pulling his member back in his pants and striding off without another word to me. He spoke briefly with Ruthy and she nodded in some kind of agreement to his words. 

With cum dripping out my ass I limped to a chair and fell into it relieved that I was partially through the night. I soon found that the night was just starting. 

Man after man, white, black, and everything in between used my ass and lips for about another six hours. Ruthy told me later that I had fucked seventeen men and sucked off twenty-something other men. 

I do not remember much of that night except for meeting Ribeye. And being fucked and sucking cock at the same time. I also remember having two cocks in my ass at the same time as I was sucking a black cock. Tears of joy coursing down my cheeks mixing with the cum that was from the blow jobs I had given. 

My body was covered in cum and filth. 

I woke to a policeman standing over my naked filthy body. "Okay up you go," the policeman said, looking at me with a wry grin. "You are under arrest for solicitation," he then read me my rights, handcuffed me and shoved me roughly outside and into a waiting squad car. 

I was booked and put naked into a holding cell with several other men who laughed at me and my predicament. 

I was at their mercy as one after the other used my willing ass and lips for two maybe three hours until I was called into another room. 

"My name is Detective Peterson, we have found out that you are AWOL from the navy, we will be turning you over to the military police as soon as they get here," A small man with a mustache said. He was wearing a white soiled shirt and had suspenders and a gun hanging off his shoulder. 

I was still naked and far from clean. Cum drying on my face and legs. Dirt ground into my knees and butt. 

Peterson then started to tell me how much of a sinner I was and pulled out a bible and smacked me in the head with it. I could tell he was getting turned on as his cock was making a tent in his pants. "Get on your knees and repent," he told me. 

I got on my knees in front of Detective Peterson. 

He pulled out a very small cock and grabbing my head shoved it roughly into my mouth. It stank and tasted bad. But I sucked it anyway. 

Two pumps later he oozed out some nasty tasting cum that I spit out. He slapped me hard, "clean that shit up!" he screamed.

Suddenly the door opened. "MPs are here," someone yelled at us. 

To be continued: