 "How is it for you?" he asked me during that first touch.

I just whispered it was adorable and placed my hand upon his to show Richard I did not want him to stop.

"You are divine, Peter and I love you so much, just think if it hadn't been for that accident, when you fell off your push bike and I went to your rescue, we may never have met and fell in love."

I had managed to hit the kerb in not concentrating - more like looking at Richard as he swayed along the sidewalk - looking so good in tight chinos and a loose and very sexy shirt which I found instantly to be a real turn-on.

After he'd tended to my bloody arm and called an ambulance, he came along with me to outpatients just to see if it was anything more serious than just cut - and when I was given the all clear and there were no bones broken he was so delighted.

We sort of his it off right away and I was delighted when he wined and dined me that night and suggested a nightcap at his place.

I soon discovered a nightcap with Richard was a lot more than it implied and I was soon enjoying a whole knew experience with this beautiful guy who wanted both to love and to make love to me.

I felt his hand gently squeeze me there, it was beautiful the way he massaged me, feeling his fingers teasingly walk up the inside of my left thigh, he prompting me to open a little as his fingers wondered deeper between my crotch, giving me that indescribable sensation that made me want more and more of his spoiling.

"I think it will be a lot better Peter if we just slip these off don't you?" Richard murmured in his so sexy voice - and when he unbuckled the belt to my brush jeans and so sensitively unzipped me I knew we were an item and already I felt the urge to feel much more than his fingers doing what they were now doing, as I could see he thrilled to the sheer touch of me as his hand moved through the open crotch of my jeans and cradled my 'credentials' as he laughingly called them, his lips closing to mine as I felt his tongue explore mine and we so very much enjoyed that very first very wet French kiss to the full, as his fingers started to firm me up, enough to create a deep throb and it was like a dream as next I felt his hands strip down my jeans and shorts. I moved my legs to assist him remove them completely, I felt the warmth of his fingers so coolly begin to rim me between my ass cheeks and I just knew then it wouldn't be long before I was wanting to feel the stiffness of him inside me, like it had been with Danny all that time ago, until he left me for another.

His head went down t me, resting on my chest as he continued to touch and feel me, it was simply divine just to feel so free again for another to enjoy that way, and to know I was loved and wanted again.

"You smell so good" he said as I looked down to see he was beginning to ease back my foreskin and sniff me there, there is something so very sensual and erotic about that, to watch your lover enjoy the sensation and feel his tongue begin to lick and taste you there.

"Can we share oral?" Richard asked so coolly and I felt so comfortable about that. It had been so long since I'd sucked cock and with Danny it was always a sheer delight, that certain pungency and flexibility moving in one's mouth and hearing the moans of your lover, and then sharing the moans of ecstasy as we sucked each other, supreme!

And soon, getting our naked bodies into a sixty nine position, Richard already enjoying me to the full, feeling his strong suck take me in deep and his hands gently ball and rim me, was divine and a sheer pleasure for both of us as I started to return the gesture, but discovering Richard was circumcised which was different to Danny - but I still enjoyed the first sniff and taste of ripe throbbing cock again, the feel and salty taste of it filling my mouth, wrapping my tongue around it and then doing to him what he was doing to me, the certain touch and twisting, the deep suction and the cradling and touching of balls. I just let myself go and it was so very wonderful.

And as I sucked, (Richard was a good seven inches or very exciting unadulterated cock) I was already anticipating the feel of it throbbing inside me and as his fingers started to probe me there, and then the feel of his mouth and tongue lubricate and enjoy me there, I so wanted his fuck, I sort of moved a little, still with his cock being enjoyed sideways inside my mouth, in a way I could open my thighs as wide as can be, encouraging him to take me, and his eyes and murmurings told me just how much he wanted that.

"You are delightful Peter, your ass so tight and appealing." He asked me to move it for me, to tantalize him with little swaying movements and I soon discovered ways to turn him on to the full.

"I think it would be good over the arm of the settee before we bed later Pete" he suggested, and I was only to glad to oblige, feeling that excitement and thrill of just leaning over and propping my ass up in full presentation, just longing then and waiting for his first fuck of me, and knowing that soon we would be sharing his bed together and then discover everything about each other.

I felt him gloriously stroking my ass, stretching my cheeks apart, then a gently slapping which was good too, then the feel if his head nudge between and that wonderful warm feeling of his suck again as he prepared me wonderfully for what was imminent, the fuck of his wonderful throbbing ripe cock slide deep up inside me to give me the most wonderful deep fucking I wanted so much.

He fucked and fucked me, straight in and out sideways and then me on top, feeling his fuck in me in a different way as I discovered the best way he liked me to move my hips and jerk his cock inside me, I felt it go in to the brim and then heard his increasing pants as he surged up to me, lifting his hind like I was on top of him like a bucking bronco.

It had never been that good with Danny, never and I knew I was gonna be sop happy with my new mate, Richard.

We both reached a crescendo together and afterwards chilled exhausted on the red carpet in front of a roaring fire.

"Wow! we are going to have some fun and no mistake, Peter!" he said and I looked forward to it so very much.