 Matt Jennings was home for the summer after his junior year in college. His girlfriend Susie was spending the summer in Europe along with some other college girls. One of them was Carol the girlfriend of Dan Connors. Matt and Dan were not close friends as they only knew each other because of the girls being friends. Dan was in the same boat as Matt as they would be without their girlfriends all summer. Matt didn't dare date anyone else in town as all the girls had big mouths and he knew it would get back to Susie. Dan had the same opinion. Matt was at the mall one day when he ran into Dan and they decided to have a beer together.

"So Matt, how are you getting along without Susie?"

"I miss her. It's going to be a long summer."

"Yeah, I miss Carol too."

"I can't date anyone in town. I'd have to hook up somewhere that I'm not known. I was thinking about going to the beach for a long weekend."

"If I tell you something, do you promise to keep it to yourself?"

"Of course, are you scoring someone?"

"I am but it is actually two guys."

"What, you're not gay! You're shitting me."

"No, I'm serious. They are really two good looking, actually cute guys. I don't have to do anything as they have each other. I get great head and I get to fuck two really nice asses."

"I can't believe this."

"Have you ever fucked anyone in the ass?"

"Yes, in high school, we were both 18 and she wanted to keep her virginity."

"Did you like it?"

"Yeah, she had a nice ass."

"It's the same with these guys. They have nice asses and I like fucking them. It's just anal sex to me. It's not like being gay."

"I couldn't do that."

"I didn't think that I could either but it was so easy and I have to admit enjoyable too."

"How did you meet these guys?"

"I'm working for a landscape company this summer and I was cutting the lawn where Jessie lives. It was a hot day and I was just wearing cut off shorts. He invited me in to cool off and have glass of iced tea."

"So, he came onto you?"

"Yep! He kept staring at my tanned body and then he asked he if I had ever been with a guy. I told him I had not. He convinced me to let him suck my cock telling me I could stop if I didn't like it. I let him and I had one of the best blow jobs ever. It was easy for me to cum."

"Wow, I never thought I would hear that from you."

"After he blew me, he asked me if I would like to fuck him. Before I answered, he turned his back to me and pulled down his shorts. I was looking at a near perfect white ass framed by his tanned body. I got hard looking at his ass. He looked like a girl from behind."

"How old is this guy?

"He's 21, home from college like us. His lover, Cole, is also 21."

"So, you fucked him?"

"I did and I loved it. He leaned over the kitchen counter and I fucked him from behind."

"Then you met this other guy?"

"Yeah Cole, Jessie has a small pool out back and they hang out there. He introduced me to Cole who is equally as cute as Jessie. Cole has dark brown hair and Jessie is blonde. We had a threesome and it was wild."

"Unbelievable!"

"I liked fucking both of them. Jessie was on all fours sucking Cole's cock when I fucked him. Then they switched and I fucked Cole."

"You okay with this; I mean you don't feel weird or something."

"Not at all. The best is these guys are tight lipped and will keep quiet. They do not flaunt their lifestyle. You should come with me one time. They would love your cock."

"Whoa! What do you know about my cock?"

"Only that it is bigger than mine. Susie told Carol about it."

"Huh and they say guys have big mouths."

"Anyway, Jessie's folks are away for a few weeks and he has the place to himself. I'm going over there this Saturday. Why not join me? I'll call him to be sure it's okay but I know it will."

"I don't know about this. I'm curious. I'll think about it. I'll call you tomorrow."

"Okay but remember, it is going to be a long summer not getting laid."

Matt nodded and they went their separate ways. Dan's admission was on his mind the rest of the day. Even in bed that night, he thought about it. He recalled the girl he butt-fucked years ago and how much he enjoyed fucking her ass. Would it really be that different having oral and anal sex with a cute guy? He slept on it and on Friday he called Dan and said he was willing to try. Dan told him he would check with Jessie and get back to him. In less than an hour Dan called back and told Matt that Jessie was anxious to meet him. He gave Matt the address and said to arrive around 1:00 PM and bring a swimsuit.

A SATISFYING SATURDAY

At 1:00 PM, Matt arrived at Jessie's home and he saw Dan's car there. He was nervous as he walked up to the front door and rang the bell. The door opened and Matt was staring at an incredibly good-looking young man his age. Jessie smiled and welcomed him inside. 

"Hi, you must be Matt. Please come in, Dan is already here."

Matt stepped inside and followed Jessie to the great room. Jessie was wearing his Speedo bikini swimsuit. Matt could not believe how much he resembled a slender blonde girl from behind. Matt could not help but to check out the shapely ass as Jessie walked ahead of him.

"Matt, this is my friend Cole."

They shook hands and greeted each other. Once again Matt was blown away by Cole's good looks and shapely body. Both of them wore their hair long covering their ears and the napes on their necks. They were both golden tan and had virtually hairless flawless skin. Jessie spoke to them.

"Let's go out to the pool and relax for a while. I made a batch of Vodka slushes. Matt do you need to change?"

"No, I have my swimsuit on under my shorts."

"Okay, well you can leave you shorts and tee on the stool."

Matt took off his tee and slipped off his shorts. His package was well-defined in his snug Speedo swimsuit. Both Jessie and Cole stared at the crotch of their guest. The four of them went outside and relaxed in pool side lounges enjoying the refreshing drink. They lounged around and chatted getting better acquainted. Matt had actually become comfortable in the company of the pretty young men. They took a few dips in the pool and after a few hours they went back in the house.

The four of them took off their swimsuits and Jessie put them in the dryer. They donned their tees and shorts but not before checking each other out. Even soft, Matt's cock was larger the Jessie and Cole when they were hard, something they took notice of. They refreshed their drinks and went downstairs to the finished lower level. It was a nice set up with a large screen TV, pool table and casual furniture. Jessie turned on the TV and Cole sat in the sofa with Matt. Dan then spoke.

"Hey Jessie, let's shoot pool."

The two of them went over to the pool table to shoot a game of pool. The game didn't last very long as Dan had moved behind Jessie and pulled the shorts down. They slid to the ankles and Jessie stepped out of them. Dan dropped his shorts and his stiff dick brushed across the shapely lily-white ass. It was a glorious sight. The white ass was framed by the tanned body which emphasized the perfect shape. Jessie whispered to get the lube.

Dan got the lube from a nearby table and returned to grease Jessie's bottom. He lubed his cock too and then eased it into the luscious ass. Jessie groaned softly as the 6+" cock entered him. Dan pulled Jessie's tee over his head and off and removed his own. They were both naked and he hugged the slender smooth body to him as he fucked Jessie slowly.

Matt looked over the back of the sofa when he heard the moan. He could see that Dan was fucking Jessie but the pool table blocked a clear view. He felt a hand on his thigh and it moved toward his crotch. He turned back and looked at Cole. The pretty gay had a seductive smile on his face and his hand continued toward Matt's cock. Cole whispered to him.

"Just relax."

Cole slipped his hand in the top of the shorts and grasped the thick meat. Matt surprised himself by how quickly he got hard. Cole pulled the waistband down below Matt's testicles and he stroked the large cock into a full erection. Matt had to admit that it felt good to have a different hand on his cock. Cole stroked the big dick as he kept looking into Matt's eyes.

Cole then pulled the shorts down and Matt lifted his hips to clear the way. Cole leaned in and took the cock in his mouth. Matt gasped at the sensation he closed his eyes and tilted his head back. Cole continued to suck and stroke the impressive cock which was just shy of eight inches. Dan was still fucking Jessie by the pool table. Jessie realized that Cole was sucking Matt's dick and he called out.

"How is that cock Cole?"

"It is big and beautiful."

"Come and join us."

Cole released Matt's cock and the two of them went to the pool table. Matt shed his tee and shorts as did Cole. They walked around the table Matt saw Dan fucking the marvelous ass. Cole walked to the end of the table and sat on it. He lay back and lifted his legs.

"Dan come and fuck me. I need to be loosened up before I can take Matt."

Dan pulled out and walked over to Cole. Using the lube, he quickly greased Cole's ass and then slid his cock into the pretty gay with one thrust. Cole moaned when the cock filled him. Matt was still standing there with his erect dick and then Jessie told him to use the lube. Matt oiled his shaft and then moved behind Jessie to fuck his first ever gay ass. He admired the pretty gay from behind and eased his cock into the luscious bottom. 

"Oh my, I certainly know I have someone in me now. Go slow and easy. Let me loosen up."

Matt followed the instructions and fucked the lovely ass as slow as he could. Gradually more and more of his cock entered the snug chute until he was balls deep in the receptive ass. Jessie was moaning and cooing as he experienced the biggest cock ever to make that journey. Cole had laid back on the pool table and Jessie leaned over and kissed him. It was the first time Matt had ever seen two guys kiss. However, as pretty as they were, it didn't seem odd.

They broke the kiss and Matt watched as Cole rapidly stroked his slender cock as Dan fucked him. Cole was the first to cum and he shot a massive load onto his chest and abs. Dan then pulled out and jerked off onto Cole's body. Streams landed on the lovely body mingling with Cole's seed. Dan then put his cock back in Cole's ass. Jessie whispered to Matt.

"Cum on my ass and then put it back in."

Matt did as he was directed, when he was ready to shoot, he pulled out and ejaculated on the shapely buttocks. He aimed some of it at the anus and liked seeing it gather there. When he put his cock back in, he pushed his seed in with it. Jessie tingled and shivered with delight. Matt surprised himself when he leaned over and wrapped his arms around the smooth slender body. He liked the feeling of skin on skin.

"Cole, I need to cum."

Jessie lay back on the pool table and Cole moved over to take his lover's cock in his mouth. Looking at Cole's shapely ass, Matt felt his loins tingle and his cock twitch. He stroked it into hardness and moved behind Cole. Dan handed Matt the lube so that Cole could manage the big cock. Matt greased his shaft and eased the head into Cole's ass. Cole stopped sucking cock and raised his head calling out.

"Oh fuck, go slow."

Matt took his time feeding his cock to the snug ass just as he had with Jessie. Cole returned to sucking his lover's cock and Dan knelt on the pool table to feed his cock to Jessie's mouth. Little by little, Matt eased his cock into the lovely bottom. He caressed the curvy cheeks and at that moment he knew that he could fuck these two fantastic asses over and over.

Jessie was the first to cum and Cole pulled the cock from his mouth and stroked it. Jessie shot a big load onto his body and then Cole took the cock back in his mouth. Dan came next and this time he did not pull out. Jessie swallowed the load. Matt felt his release on the verge and he decided to cum in Cole's ass. He tensed up and fired and another big load. Cole tensed as he felt the surge fill his rectum. He pulled his mouth off Jessie's cock and called out.

"Oh fuck, I can feel it. Oh man, he flooded my ass."

Once he stopped shooting, Matt eased out and stared at the dilated anus. It was unbelievable how such a snug opening could take such a thick cock. Cole was hard again and he moved between Jessie's legs and fucked him missionary style until he came. Then it was time to clean up and take a break.

There was a shower in the lower level, they took turns and then put the tees and shorts back on. Jessie refreshed all the drinks and they sat around and chatted. They were all interested to hear Matt's impression of his first time with guys. Dan began the conversation.

"So, buddy, what do you think? Was I right? Isn't it great fucking these hot asses?"

"I have to admit that I did enjoy it and I had no trouble fucking them. I surprised myself. Honestly, from behind it was just like fucking girls."

"You have the biggest cock that Cole and I have ever had. We don't sleep around very often but we are glad you decided to join us."

"You two have the nicest asses ever. I did not feel strange at all. I loved looking at your sweet bottoms and caressing them as my cock slid in and out. It was truly a turn-on for me."

I have some leftover pizza. Let's have a bite to eat, a few beers and then we can have some more fun."

The four of them went upstairs to the kitchen and sat the table. Cole got the beers as Jessie heated the pizza. They enjoyed the pizza and beer. Next they straightened up the kitchen and then went to Jessie's bedroom. He had a king size bed, plenty of room for a foursome. He and Cole stripped and got in bed on their sides to suck each other's cock. Matt was to fuck Jessie as Dan fucked Cole. 

It was a long leisurely encounter as no one was in a hurry to cum. Once Dan filled Cole's ass and Matt filled Jessie's, the two gays came in each other's mouths. They rested a while and then separated. Dan and Matt cleaned up and dressed while the other two stayed in bed. Jessie invited them to stay the night.

"I can't tonight," Dan replied.

"Me either," said Matt.

"Do you want to come back tomorrow?"

Dan and Matt looked at each other and in unison replied, "Sure!"

"Good, same time then, you can leave your swimsuits here."

The guys left and headed to their homes. Matt still had mixed feeling about the sex but he had to admit it was great and he felt super. It was much easier than he would have ever expected and he was already thinking about Sunday.

SUNDAY ENCORE

Matt woke up with a morning boner and he recalled his first bi-sexual experience. He wasn't left to his thoughts very long as his parents told him to get up and get ready for church. Later that morning he felt like such a hypocrite while he sat in church. His mind was occupied with the thoughts of being with Jessie and Cole that afternoon. He hardly heard what the preacher said throughout the service.

At Jessie's home the two pretty gays woke up gradually. They were naked in Jessie's bed and rolled toward each other. They kissed, cuddled and fondled each other's ass. Their erections rubbed together. Jessie then rolled Cole onto his back and pulled him to the edge of the bed. Standing on the floor, Jessie lubed the sweet bottom as Cole held his legs by the ankles. 

The pretty gay blonde moved closer and eased his cock into his equally pretty lover's ass. Jessie held to the back of Cole's thighs as he fucked him. He came quickly and shot a good load into the receptive ass. Then they changed positions and Cole fucked Jessie also cumming in his ass. Minutes later they were in the shower soaping each other's body. They got hard again but did not have more sex as they saved themselves for the afternoon.

It was noon and Dan and Matt would arrive in an hour. Jessie and Cole had finished lunch and tidied up. They donned their Speedos and waited for the others. Cole thought about Matt's cock.

"Jessie, I have to let Dan fuck me first before I can take Matt's cock again."

"Me too, he is something, isn't he?"

"I have never felt so full in my life. I'm still a little constipated from being stretched like that."

"Yeah, I know how you feel. I'm sure a few more times and we will be used to him."

"Are we going to fuck them all summer?"

"Sure, why not. I like them. Their girlfriends won't be home over a month. We will all be going back to college by then."

"I like it that they will be discreet."

"They have to be as they don't want anyone to know they are fucking us. I like it too as it lets us stay unknown to others in town."

Just then the doorbell rang as Dan had arrived. Matt showed up just minutes later. The same routine was followed as the four of them made their way to the pool deck with summer drinks. The backyard was very private but until that day Jessie and Cole had never had sex outside. It began with the guys applying lotion to their bodies.

Jessie was lying face down when he asked Cole to put lotion on his back. Dan jumped in and said that he would do it. He poured a generous amount onto Jessie's upper body and massaged the lotion into the smooth skin. Jessie was surprised but pleased when Dan did his legs too. Starting with the calves he moved up the legs and did the back of the lovely thighs. Jessie cooed from the strong touch and his cock hardened in his Speedo.

Cole and Matt looked on as Dan took it to the next step. He surprised everyone when he pulled Jessie's Speedo down to the back of his thighs. The lily-white ass framed between the rest of the tanned body looked very desirable. Dan massaged lotion onto the curvy buttocks and then toyed with the rubbery aperture. He fingered Jessie's rectum until he could not contain himself any longer. 

Dan pushed his swimsuit down to his knees and moved over Jessie. He guided his cock into the marvelous ass and slowly filled it. Jessie pushed his bottom up to receive the cock. They moved slowly with Jessie fucking back at Dan. Matt and Cole had freed their cocks and stroked them as they watched the other two. Dan had that look in his eyes signaling he was about to cum.

He pressed down and Jessie pushed up as Dan unleashed a massive load into the sweet bottom. He had been keeping his weight off of Jessie but seconds after he ejaculated, he lay on top of the smooth slender form. Jessie continued to use his sphincter to milk the throbbing shaft. Minutes later, Dan moved off of Jessie and back to his own lounge. Matt was more than ready at that point but Cole said that Dan had to go first to loosen him up.

Matt then went to Jessie and pulled the Speedo all the way off. He also took off his own swimsuit and positioned himself over the pretty blonde. He eased his cock into the sweet bottom drawing a soft moan from Jessie. He had his hands on either side of the lovely gay keeping his weight from crushing him. Jessie, as he had done with Dan, pushed his ass up with each downstroke from Matt. They looked incredibly erotic in the way they fucked.

In didn't take long as Matt had been charged up and he came quickly. He too fired a massive load into Jessie's rectum and his seed mingled with Dan's ejaculation. Jessie thrust his up rapidly as he was overcome with the sensuous moment. Gradually Matt eased his big cock out of the lovely bottom and sat back in his lounge. He looked over and saw that Dan was now fucking Cole.

They had placed a lounge cushion on the pool deck and Dan was fucking the pretty gay doggy style. It would take Dan longer to cum this time but he was in no hurry as he savored the time in the hot ass. Jessie rolled his well-fucked body out of his lounge and went to Cole where he took his lover's cock in his mouth. Seeing this Matt stood up and went to Cole to offer a cock to suck on. Cole took the semi-hard dick in his mouth and sucked it into hardness. 
