 A letter to the mystery man I met in the bathroom of a bar one night. This is a 100% true story that I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it!

***

After teasing with a banana and some yogurt for about twenty minutes, I walk towards the bathroom, stopping for a moment to give you that "Come with me" look. You follow shortly behind. Once inside, I lock the door, and I go for what I want.

With my left hand I would rub you through your pants, feeling you grow harder by the minute. My right hand unbuckling your belt as fast as possible. I undo the button and the longest unzipping of my night. Finally the belt is unbuckled, and your gorgeous cock is released from its confinements. 

My left hand is stroking your hard cock. I love the way it looks, the way it stands at attention and reacting to my every touch. I stroke it up and down, feeling the warmth exuding from it. In a steady grip I move my hand up and down the shaft, as a moan leaves your lips. I stop right under the head, then let my thumb gently move around the edge of the head. Slowly I work my thumb along the edge and then around the whole head. Wetting the thumb with a couple of droplets of your precum I keep letting it massage the sensitive head. You can feel the featherlight movements and the longer they go on, the more the whole sensation starts to concentrate on the head. 

Then you feel the fingers of my right hand grasp around the base of the shaft. As I tighten the grip on the base and start to pump up and down , the left hand continues to concentrate on the head. I can hear you moan the more I work on you. I love to hear you enjoying yourself. 

As you start to get impatient you beg me to go down on you, motioning my head downwards. I stop the stroking and push you back against the wall. Tonight I'm in charge. 

My left hand continues to work on making you as hard as possible. Your chest rises and falls faster as your breath gets heavier. With my tongue I trail down your torso before being faced with your beautiful cock. My lips embrace the head and in a swift motion I take you as deep as possible. I let your cock head tickle the back of my throat while my tongue dances around the shaft. Slowly I move up until just the head lies on my bottom lip. With the tip of my tongue I tickle it before taking you in again. I feel your cock on the back of my throat, the part that is hard to move past. With force I move my head down more and I can feel the head pop past there and moving farther down my eager throat. I move all the way out again, this time sucking on the tip of your cock. Then I take you yet again. Just the head this time. Sucking and with a steady tempo and pressure massaging it. 

As I give you that blowjob you've been craving for, my right hand starts to play gently with your balls. I run a finger along your inner thighs up towards your crotch before letting two fingers caress that soft area behind your balls. As I feel your body tightening up I take all of you once again, keeping up the tempo with my warm mouth, as well as using my left hand while the right one continues to play with your balls. I know you're getting closer, your balls are tightening and your body's becoming more eager. You tense up and I can feel your cock twitching inside of my mouth as you cum. I've always loved that feeling, it gives a sense of power. When you try to pull out I won't let you. I want to feel you in my mouth a bit longer, throbbing and pulsing as my prize shoots down my throat, and I can taste a little in my mouth. Before letting go I swirl my tongue around your spent cock, extracting a loud groan from your lips as you're still very sensitive. When I finally let go I look up at you smiling. Then I swallow what's left after showing it to you in my mouth.

"Such a good little cock sucker." was the only thing he said to me when I was finished. 

He pulled up his pants and walked out the door. I followed a few minutes later, but I'm pretty sure everyone knew what was going on...