 This is a true story. I was 18 at the time that this happened. I am now 48. At the time I was your typical teenager. I was 6' tall with a slim swimmers build. I had developed a nice 7" cut cock and all I could think about was finding a girl to fuck. I had not had very many sexual experiences and was still very naive when it came to sex. I jacked off constantly as most 18 year old guys do. It was summertime when our next store neighbor Jim approached my Mom and Dad and asked if I might be interested in a summer job helping him on his runs. He would start in Los Angeles and drive to San Francisco dropping new furniture at stores along the way. He needed a helper and thought I could use the money. He explained that we would be on the road 3-4 days a week. My Dad asked me that night and I thought it was a great idea! 

At the time Jim was 35 years old about 6'1" and very well built. I went over to his house and told him I would like to take him up on his job offer. He seemed very happy and excited that I wanted the job. He explained that the work was very physical but I would make good money. I told him I could use the money as I had been saving for a motorcycle. He told me we would head out at 4:00 am the next morning. He told me to pack light but to have enough clothes for 4 days.

The next morning I met him outside his house and we headed out. We picked up his truck and full trailer and were on the road by 5:00 am. The day flew by and we both worked hard. At each stop we would get the furniture off quickly and head for the next stop. By sundown we were both very tired and in need of food and rest. He pulled into a motel and said he always stayed there because the rooms were clean and reasonable I stayed in the truck while he checked in. When he came out he said that we would have to share a bed because all the rooms with two beds were taken. It never even occurred to me to even question this. I just said no problem.

We were both very hungry and decided to drop our gear in the room and go eat. After dinner we went back to the room. Jim told me to go ahead and take a shower while he watched TV. I went in and took a nice hot shower. As it relaxed my tired muscles I thought about jacking off but thought better of it as I was scared that Jim would hear me. I put on a clean pair of boxers. I decided that I would leave the T-shirt off because it was summer and kinda hot and it would be much cooler to sleep in just my boxers. I walked into the room and Jim was kicking back watching TV. He told me I better hit the hay as we would be starting out very early in the morning. He got up and headed into the shower. I hopped in bed and was soon asleep.

When Jim got into bed it woke me up. I laid there on my side facing away from him and tried to go back to sleep. As I laid there I was slowly drifting off to sleep when I felt Jim turning in his sleep and felt his arm come over my side!! I lay there kind of frozen not knowing what to do. I kinda shrugged it off and figured it was no big deal. As I laid there and was just starting to fall asleep I felt Jim's hand move and start to very softly rub my chest!! I did not know what to do!!! His hand very slowly moved to my nipples and started to rub and softly pinch them!! I had never even thought of having sex with a guy! I was so scared I decided to pretend I was asleep. 

As he caressed and pinched my nipples I could feel them growing hard and erect! I was amazed at how it felt. I never knew my nipples could bring such pleasure! As he did this I could also feel my cock beginning to get hard! I was so confused and scared! How could I be getting hard from a guy touching me? I felt his hand begin to slide downward across my stomach! I thought to myself oh no he is going to touch my cock and will see that I am hard! I tried to will my cock to go down but nothing happened. I was still pretending that I was asleep! I felt his hand reach the top of my boxers. I had to really work at pretending I was asleep because my heart was pounding in my chest. I felt his hand slowly move over my hip then slide down across my cock. 

He softly slid his hand across the top of the hard bulge of my cock. I could feel precum pouring out of the head of my cock! He now knew that I was hard! I was still pretending I was asleep. I felt him move close behind me and I felt his cock pushing against my ass! I thought Oh MY God he is hard! He slowly reached into the opening of my boxers and pulled my cock out and softly rubbed the head smearing the precum all over. I shuddered as he slowly caressed my cock and balls. I could not believe how good this felt! I was still scared of responding as I did not really know what to do. I felt him pull the covers off of me and he slowly rolled me onto my back.

I was still pretending I was asleep when I felt him lick the head of my cock! I gasped and opened my eyes. He was look right at me as he slowly took my cock into his mouth! I moaned and my hips involuntarily lifted off of the bed. I felt his strong hands pulling my boxers down and off of my body in one swift movement all the while licking and sucking my cock! I opened my eyes and watched him and could see that he was naked! I could see his 7" cut cock hard and glistening with precum. The sight of his cock caused me to get even harder! I could feel the cum building within me! At this point I was raising my hips to meet his hot mouth. My whole body was on fire with a passion I had never known! I moaned to Jim that I was going to cum! He pulled me even deeper into his mouth and I exploded filling his mouth with my hot teenaged cum! He drank every drop! I thought I was going to pass out from the sheer pleasure I was feeling! MY head was spinning with passion and emotions. Jim kept sucking my softening cock as I laid there slowly coming down to earth.

I felt his mouth slowly slide off of my cock and felt him moving up the bed. I opened my eyes and watched as he licked his fingers and again started to caress my nipples pinching and twisting them. It was like the feelings he was creating were going straight to my cock because I could feel it again growing hard as he did this! He looked down and smiled saying I love your cock young man. He reached out and softly caressed my cock and balls. I moaned and again arched my hips to his touch. I was going crazy with all of the feelings he was creating within me. As he caressed my cock he moved so that his cock was inches from my face. I found my gaze transfixed on his cock. Another thing that I found so sensual was that his cock and balls were shaved smooth. I could see the precum glistening on the head. He moved and softly brushed the head of his cock against my mouth leaving a trail of precum on my lips. 

I licked them and found that I loved the taste! He stroked my cock again causing me to moan. As I did I felt the head of his cock push against my lips. Slowly my mouth gave way to my passion and his cock head slid past my lips into my mouth. I took his cock into my hand and slowly sucked the head up and down. I pulled my mouth off and licked the head of his cock causing him to moan! I slid my mouth down onto his cock until I gagged slightly. He was so gentle and told me to take it easy and work up to it. He moaned again as I sucked him into my now willing mouth! I loved sucking his cock! I was amazed that this was all happening and yet I was loving it! I could feel him tense in my mouth and he pulled away saying he was not ready to cum yet. 

He again moved down to my cock and took it again into his hot mouth! As he did I could feel him start to caress my ass and balls. His fingers found the opening to my ass and gently caressed it. I felt this bolt of sexual energy shoot though me when he did this! I was so hot that I bucked my ass into the air which caused his finger to slide into me!! I jumped with the pain of his finger sliding into me. He lifted his mouth off of my cock and slowly took his finger out and reached for something next to the bed. I again jumped when I felt something cold and slippery on my ass! I felt his finger again slide into my tight virgin ass! 

This time it felt wonderful! As he slid his finger in and out of my ass he kept telling me how beautiful my ass and cock were. I was moaning telling him that I loved how it felt! He then added a second finger then a third! My ass was slowly opening and I loved the feeling! I was now bucking my ass against his fingers and moaning so loud! Precum was pouring from my rock hard cock. He moved between my legs and slowly slid his fingers from my ass. He covered his hard wet cock with lube and placed my legs on his shoulders. I felt his cock at the entrance to my ass! Then I felt the pressure as he pushed and my ass slowly opened. I was excited and so scared all at the same time. He was so gentle. 

When he felt the resistance he told me to push out which I did. I felt a soft popping sensation and his cock slid into me as I yelped in pain! He stopped and told me to just relax and soon I would feel pleasures I never dreamed of. I relaxed and soon I could again feel his hard cock slide deeper into me. I could not believe this was happening. I was letting him fuck me and I was enjoying it! I had sucked his cock and loved it! Was I gay? So many thoughts and feelings were flooding my mind! I felt his cock sliding deeper and deeper into me. Whenever it hurt he would stop and allow me to adjust to the feeling of his cock deep in my ass. I felt his balls slap against my ass and I realized that his whole cock was inside of me. 

He pulled out a little and slid back in. Every time he did this he touched something within me that filled my body with lust and desire. My cock got even harder and precum was pouring out of me now! Each time he would pull out farther and slide back in deeper and harder. With each thrust of his cock I fell deeper and deeper into the passion and lust he was causing within me. I heard a voice saying please fuck me Jim! Fuck me! Fuck my hot ass! I realized it was my voice now begging him to fuck me with his wonderful cock! He fucked me harder and harder! I was on fire! All of a sudden he drove deeply into me and exploded! When I felt his hot cum filling me I came without him even touching my cock! I exploded in a frenzy as I covered us with my cum! We collapsed together shaking with the passion we had released! Jim could only gasp saying how hot I was. I could only say thank you for the wonderful feelings! 

Once we both came back to earth we went in and took a nice hot shower together and fell asleep in each others arms. The next morning Jim awoke to a hot wet mouth sucking his cock to life. That morning I got my first taste of cum and loved it! He also sucked my cock dry that morning. The rest of the summer flew by and Jim taught me so many wonderful things. To this day I still shave my cock and balls. My wife loves it but she does not know the reasons behind it. Jim also introduced me to his girlfriend and she let me fuck her while I sucked Jim's cock. It was a summer to remember that was for sure!

After that summer we moved and I lost touch with Jim. I married and had kids and never had another experience with another man. Now that my kids are grown and gone I have decided it is time for me to explore my Bi side and relive those wonderful sensual feelings.