 Benny Treadway and Frank Stone were long time pals. Grew up together in the northern countryside of Georgia, both born in 1974, a point of mutuality that latched them together after it landed them a seat in the same high school class. A brief introduction after the first day of senior year was enough to flush the pair into a lifelong routine. Quick to ramble about his youthful history of sailing experience, it only took Frank a second to spark Benny's interest. Benny, the broad young jock with thick black curly hair, had forged an undying love for the outdoors. The two agreed on that very day to take their friendship to the Georgia mountains. And they did.

The two became inseparable after their first camping trip. The crisp natural air had a way of breaking the silence and it seemed as though the Georgia pines themselves spilled the confession from Frank's lips that glued the boys together. Red haired Frank, stoic and stern, but never quiet, unfurled the deep-rooted tragedy that he hadn't once let touch anyone else's ears. 

"Mom liked to drink. Always on the booze. Caught Dad with another woman and shot them both dead. I heard it from the back room, but never went in there. Maybe I coulda' done something. Don't know what. But I've been living like a scared puppy in the same home with her since then. Got off on a mental illness charge. She had a lot of diagnoses under her hat. Enough to get away with murder, it seems."

Law was loose out there in the boondocks. Benny was quick to comfort his new friend, and it wasn't a surprise to either of the boys that such a controversial catastrophe would go unnoticed in the redneck paradise. A bitter-sweet divide arose after that, between society and the mountains. It seemed nothing else could compare to the time the boys spent parading in the wilderness. Sharing their hopelessness, their youth, talking about their women, but also about their souls. They never took anyone else into the mountains.

Voted best friends in the yearbook by the end of that introductory year, it was no surprise that the boys kept in contact after high school. Years passed after the boys graduated, and they found the time to at least make a phone call to one another day to day. Frank got married to a pretty, petite blonde woman by the name of Sarah at the ripe age of 23. Benny spent his time playing the field, but managed to make a strong commitment to his career. Found himself a job hauling coal. He never liked to stay in one place, and though the trips into the mountains became fewer, the men still found the time to go once every few months for quick fishing and much-needed conversation.

The day did come, however, when the camping trips had become so infrequent that they nearly ceased. Frank's marriage was strained after he took a liking to alcohol- something Benny had feared. It wasn't uncommon that Benny would make the weekly call to the couple to find a sobbing Sarah on the other line, with an ugly story of another passed-out Frank. He aged well, despite the liquor in his system. Thick red hair had found its way from the top of his head to cover his face in a bushy auburn beard. He retained his stocky frame but accented it with a beer gut and thicker arms. He took on the look of a worn man far before Benny, but he wasn't far behind.

After a two year hiatus from one another, Benny found himself returning to his hometown from a spur-of-the-moment expedition to Mississippi with a younger woman. The lust was over before it began and he craved the familiarity of the Georgian mountains once again. He'd lost his football body that he prized in high school, but never lost the strength or the masculinity that went with it. He kept his curly hair cut close to his head, but he, too, let his beard run wild, and it painted his gruff face with a shaggy brown mess. Always the tiniest bit shorter than Frank, Benny had a smaller belly, still round, but nonetheless apparent. It was a surprise for both men when they saw one another again after that two year break. For the first time, they felt like "old friends".

They were both 37 years old when they finally met back up. A sudden phonecall from Frank pulled Benny away from his second life in Mississippi and he packed his everything up and drove down to Georgia that day. Sarah had had all she could take of Frank's depression and taken off. Not surprising, Benny though. Who could blame her? But he knew a Frank that she didn't. He'd gotten attached too early to let booze and sadness get in the way of their friendship.

5 AM on a Friday morning, Frank received a musical knock on his door and saw a burly Benny smirking back at him. The men embraced for a while and exchanged quick but casual information about driving a pickup truck across the countryside. They grabbed up their fishing poles and retreated to the mountains.

When they finally got to their favorite spot- a beautiful, foggy hillside facing the mountains next to a small section of the lake, they unpacked their gear, pulled out the whisky, tore off their boots and went to talking.

"She left last week. I don't blame her a bit. But I fell out of love a long time ago. I'll be just fine." Frank tugged at his gingery beard, pulled his worn baseball cap down over his thick eyebrows peaking out from under his sunglasses.

"Gonna be weird. The two of us shacking up again like old times. Good, though. I've missed these parts. Had a nice separation. Got a good lot of introspection. But not the same kind of happy that this place gives me." Benny chimed in. Frank felt warmth feel his body. It was going to be nice. To have someone who understood back again.

The men chattered till midday and a mild buzz had possessed them. They decided to reenact their younger years and take a dive into the cool lake. They stripped down to their underwear, and the men couldn't help but laugh at how their bodies had changed over the years. The once built Benny had certainly filled out. His body now covered in brown fur, a belly hanging a bit over his green boxers, he'd only kept his thickness. Frank still had his excessive red body hair, but was missing a bit from his head. Both men were still healthy, still strong, but worn and a bit chubby. Benny noticed Frank had traded in boxer shorts for tight white briefs stretching over his substantial backside. Frank tossed his sunglasses and hat aside and dove quickly into the lake. Benny didn't hesitate.

The men floated aimlessly through the water, splashing one another on occasion, lying on their backs and talking in rhythm to the clouds dancing. For the first time in years, Frank was content with his light buzz, and wanted the consciousness required to siphon nature and Benny into his mind.

After they dragged themselves out of the water, they grabbed up their fishing poles and pulled their foldout chairs to the side of the lake. Frank's briefs were soaked and sheer from the water. It was the closest to naked Benny had ever seen of Frank. He could make out the outline of Frank's bulge between his legs, following the trail of thick red hair down his belly. There was something beautiful about this natural Frank. Something he'd only somewhat noticed before.

The two men fished for a while before they stumbled out into the woods for a brief hike, still wet, still in their underwear. Frank stopped out over the hillside to look out into the mist of the valley beyond. Benny wrapped his thick arm over his shoulder and stared out in awe. He'd missed this place. Frank walked over to the trees and tugged down his briefs. He pissed and shook himself off before complaining about his decision to swim in his tight underwear. "Be right back" he spoke up as he ran down the trail to the campsight.

When he returned, he'd brought two thick comforters and had donned his hat and sunglasses again. He spread out one blanket on the ground overlooking the mountain and motioned towards it. The men sat down on the blanket, resting their backs against the other one. "I've missed you man." Benny opened himself up again.

They sat in brief silence for a while before Frank stood and pulled off his briefs, exposing his fully naked body- except for his hat and his shades. Benny watched as his hairy ass stared back at him; his soft, uncut penis rested against scarlet covered balls. This was the most bare he'd ever seen his best friend. In every sense of the word. The prominent brow, the curved but masculine frame, bushy beard, familiar smirk, beercan cock. Something was starting to tug at Benny's boxers as well.

Frank returned to his seat on the blanket, stretching himself out and staring out over the horizon. "I needed this. To just let go." He breathed out heavily.

Benny removed his underwear as well, revealing a longer, cut dick, and a hairier ass. He was thick too, Frank noticed. Still a good match. Like friends should be.

They laid for a while listening to the lake gently whisper in the background, the trees jingling barely in the breeze. "I'm glad you're back, brother." Frank broke the silence once again. He scooted closer and looked Benny in his big blue eyes. He could smell his cologne mixed with the dampness of the lake and a faint bit of whiskey on his breath. Benny could hear a shakiness in his voice. A nostalgia. Frank wrapped his meaty arms around Benny and buried his bearded mug in his chest. Benny felt Frank squeeze him, their thighs touching, and he wrapped himself around Frank. He could feel the fur on his back and his chest and his stomach, all blending with his nude body. Both men were melting back and forth from their youth to the present, melting into one another. It was good to be back. Better than ever, he thought.

At this point, he let go. His dick had begun to harden up, elongating beyond his brown bush and resting against his thigh. Frank had finally pulled away, also hardening up a bit, his head peeking out from his foreskin. The men were laughing again, talking about casual things, but both watched as the other rubbed their bellies, making subtle trips to their cocks with their hands for a few brushes here and there.

The casual scratching became more frequent, with two cocks slowly standing and filling up in size.

Before long they were beating off together. Hard hands grasping hard cocks, tugging, speeding up and slowing down, still chattering away about things that didn't matter. Not once mentioning this raw state that they were seeing of each other for the first time. At last they laid down on their sides, facing one another, slowing down their stroking and gazing into eachother's eyes.

Benny let his gaze drift downward to watch Frank pumping the thick, juicy cock, gently rubbing himself to the same rhythm. Frank caught on after a brief eye contact and grabbed the base of his dick. He scooted close and slapped Benny's cock with his own, guffawing, "Stop staring."

Benny's heart jumped. But he caught on quick and slapped back. "Now, son, this is a sword fight you ain't gonna win." He chuckled. And they fenced. Playfully, nothing serious, nothing intimate, but the awkward swordplay eventually slowed to a softness. Both men had wet cocks from precum, and they'd begun gently rubbing them against one another. Frank slid down his foreskin to reveal his whole head and Benny trailed his cock up to brush against it. They were leaking onto one another, head sliding against head very softly, sending shivers down the bodies of both men. They watched themselves rubbing, occasionally looking up and making eye contact before returning to their dancing rods. No squeezing, no mutual jack-off, just slow, irresistible sliding cock against cock. They were in ecstasy, their most intimate members touching, precum sticking to both poles. Finally Frank grabbed up both cocks in hand and began to tug them together. Benny closed his eyes and whimpered a bit. They didn't frot for long before Benny pulled out his thick foreskin and docked Benny, enclosing his long pole within it and connecting themselves. He jerked them together for a while and they scooted closer and closer. Benny felt Frank's foreskin warming his dick, tugging the head. The men were breathing hard now, deep, gruff whimpers carrying out over the sound of wet rhythm.

Benny pulled Frank close and slammed their crotches together. They grinded one another. Laughing and kicking and bucking, like animals, rubbing cock and balls against one another's bodies, furry bellies meshing together, humping eachother. A rodeo.

Finally Benny pressed his face against Frank's and their lips met. They stopped all movement but the touch of lips and Frank slid his tongue inside Benny's mouth. They explored one another, running tongue over teeth, biting lips, a bit of spit running down into their beards, but ignoring it in favor of breathing into one another. Their beards were tangling, their eyes were rolling and they hugged close.

At last, Frank pulled away, licked Benny's nipples and switched angles, with his face toward Benny's crotch and his own towards Benny's face. The men looked at eachother silently for a moment before Frank pulled Benny's dick up to his face, giving it a longing look and rubbing it softly against his nose and his beard. He stuck out his tongue and jiggled Benny's balls around before running it up the base of the shaft and around the head, kissing it soft.

"Go ahead. Suck on it." Benny, choked out.

Benny watched as he took in his rod into his mouth and began sucking, slow. There was no attempt to get him off, no speedy suction, just slow, slow feeding. He could feel Frank tasting his cock, sucking the juices and the sweat, savoring every flavor. 

He couldn't stand it anymore and pulled Frank's waist nearer. He could smell the mustiness coming from his loins. Neither men were strangers to female thighs wrapping around their faces, but they were strangers to the furry paradise that was resting before them now. Benny took Frank's thick, soaked pole into his mouth. Salty, he ran his tongue around the grooves and licked inside the foreskin. He loved every moment, every taste. Taking Frank into his mouth was something he'd been longing for for years and he never knew.

The men lay together for an hour or so, slowly sucking on one another. They would pull a cock from their mouth to look back and smile on occasion, before returning to the hard beast in their face, rubbing it lovingly on their beards, taking in every scent, rubbing the precum all across their faces. They were in no hurry at all. Just slow, easy pleasure, and silence all except for the sounds of nature and wet sucking.

Finally Benny drew Frank's cock from his mouth and grabbed him, flipping him over and spreading his thick, furry ass apart. He looked at the red hole for a moment before sliding his tongue into the crack and tickling it. He soaked his ass with spit, biting his cheeks and running his fingers through Frank's fur. Frank was moaning, biting his lip as Benny fed on his meaty asshole.

Benny got up on his knees and slapped his cock hard against Frank's ass, letting it rest between the cheeks. Frank looked back and said nothing managed to choke out, "finger it first, Ben." And he did.

He stuck his tanned fingers into Frank's hole, sliding it through the saliva and lubing it up naturally with his spit. He stopped to lick it more on occasion, and Frank jumped in a bit of pain every now and then, but he finally stretched it out.

He took his long cock, beat it a few times, before slowly sliding it inside Frank. Frank squealed and arched his ass up as Benny pumped into him. He pulled out, giving Frank a moment of relief, before slowly returning, feeling his dick graze the interior of Frank's body.

Frank lie in pleasure and pain, biting down hard on the blanket as he felt his friend running his member inside of him. He could feel Benny's furry belly and balls rubbing against his backside as pounded him. The pain dispersed quickly as Benny sped up, slapping his body against his friend, two farmboys, just humping in the mountains. He clutched for dear life onto Frank's thighs, only stopping briefly to flip him over to look into his eyes while they fucked. "Oh, fuck, buddy. That feels amazing." Frank laughed a bit and Benny slowed to kiss his friend again. He sucked on his neck, slid his tongue along the length of Frank's body while his cock still writhed inside of his asshole.

Soon, they switched, and Benny got a taste of Frank's cock inside of him. Though the pain was immense at first, he grew to love the friction of a man's body inside of him as he watched Frank bucking into him. This went on for a while as the sun beat down on the men's bodies, highlighting every sweaty mound of hair, every sticky beard and cum soaked hand.

Finally Frank pulled out and slapped Benny across the face with his cock. He pumped it, growling and pulling Benny's face against his cock again. Benny sucked just a bit more before Frank exploded creamy white. Loads of cum poured out and spurted across Benny's face, dripping down his chest , soaking his beard. He licked up a bit before kissing Frank again, letting him taste his own juices, his own cock on Benny's breath. Benny laid Frank down, taking his cum soaked cock into his hand and rubbing it against his own, once again, painting it white. His face became sticky and he licked up Frank's cum from his beard and every now and then as he beat their rods together. Finally, he relieved himself, drawing Frank's face near and bleeding out white delight onto every inch of his face. Frank licked it up and they returned to their 69 position for a while, slowly licking eachother clean, feeling the semi-hard cocks go soft in their mouths, sucking out every last juice. At last they embraced, face to face, kissing passionately, cum lingering in their mouths, to savor every last taste of one another. 

They laid together, mostly silent, still sticky, still sweaty, breathing returning to normal, cum still dripping down their meaty bodies. They held eachother as tight as possibly, and they felt they had finally melded into one. Frank could hear Benny's heart beating. They returned to kissing on occasion, letting their hands explore eachother's bodies, intimate, playing with eachother's balls, stroking soft cocks, twiddling ass hair, light fingering, every now and then returning to their semi hard state, where the pressed their sticky cock heads against one another's, sliding their cocks together and ligthing back up.

They knew this was just a beginning. They'd be camping again for the rest of the week before returning home, roommates at last. But it was going to be something more, and both men knew before it had been said.

With his hand cupping Benny's soft member and testicles, Franked looked out and his brown eyes connected with Benny's blue. He licked at the cum in his beard, watched as Benny's eager face met with his own, his juices still covering him, his hand gently rubbing Benny's most private body. He kissed him slow, tasting him once more, and whispered to him.

"I love you."

"I love you too."