 Bored with the on line connections I was or wasn't making lately, I finally made contact with another bi divorced bottom bear like myself. Knowing our on line conversation was going nowhere I asked him if he had met any nice guys on line lately. He told me about meeting a German guy, about 55 years old, in great shape near me in a town called Norwalk. 

He continued to tell me this guy has a Great Cock. In fact it was so nice he already missed it after having tasted it a week ago and now the guy was ignoring him on line. He also said the guy was a bit scary and he felt like he was with the Gestapo from World War 2 the way the guy treated him. 

I pressed for more information, sharing details of a married dentist I had connected with lately in the Lakewood Country Club. He had heard of Larry... I guess everyone had, but had not yet connected with him. I let him know Larry was a great guy who only wanted one thing, an outstanding blowjob. Oh, and he loves to cum in a guys mouth but doesn't force the issue. 

My friend told me that the German guy expects the person sucking his cock to swallow all 7 and a half inches of it, to suck his hairy balls, and to lick and suck his ass. He told me that was a first for him but the cock was so wonderful it really didn't matter.

Before he signed off he said, "Oh, by the way, he raped me. He fucked my mouth until he came and I passed out from pleasure. When I awoke he was just getting ready to fuck my virgin ass. I should have called the police, because I clearly yelled a number of times "NO!" but he didn't give a damn, he fucked me until he came again, then forced me to lick his cock clean."

I asked him what he thought of that. He said... "A week ago I hated the bastard for what he did but now I miss his cock so much that I'd let him fuck me again just to get to suck his cock."

I continued my search for someone to connect with and just before midnight when I was getting ready to sign off I saw the screen name of the German appear on line. I tracked him on line and followed him into the area M4M chat room, where like most others there he didn't say much.

After he signed off I asked some of the others in the room if they knew anything about the German guy. Most said he had been around for a while, but nothing else. The though of his 'great cock' kept running through my head kept repeating itself over and over and I kicked myself for not saying hello to him.

Two days later I saw him on line again in the local M4M room. I quickly switched screen names to one with a profile that said I was curious and interested in expanding my M4M horizons. I logged on and jumped back into the chat room. For 15 minutes nothing happened. He was there but quiet. I had a few guys IM me asking me what I was curious about... but I had chatted with them before under may regular screen name, so I knew enough to stay away from them. "Great Cock." I heard it in my mind over and over again. 

Finally, I broke down and sent him an IM... 

Me: "Hi, fairly new to this. Is this room always this quiet?"

German: yes

Me: Oh, okay. Not sure how to meet someone here. Is there any place to meet guys locally?

German: yes, try the crest, a gay bar.

Me: Oh. I am not sure how I would do there. Thanks. I've never been to a gay bar.

I was ready to sign off and give up when he sent a message:

German: oh, you're that new. What have you tried so far

Me: I've been with two guys total, both married who wanted me to suck them because their wives won't. Still learning here.

That seemed to get his attention and we talked for a little while and he asked me if I would ever do anything other than suck cock. I told him I had planned on losing my ass cherry only after being with a guy a couple of times or if there were two hot guys at once, always a fantasy of mine. 

He was a bit insistent, telling me he needed to get some head soon or he would go crazy. 

"Great Cock. Great Cock." It was running through my head again.

I love to suck cock. Where do you live?

He made some excuse as to why we couldn't meet at his place and I ended up breaking my one biggest rule (Great Cock... Great Cock)... I gave him my address.

30 minutes later there was a knock at the door and when I opened it I saw a 6'2" blonde, blue eyed well built older gentleman, who spoke in very broken English with a heavy German accent. 

I invited him in and walked him back to my bedroom. He asked to use the bathroom and a few seconds later he was standing before me, telling me to remove his boxers, which I did from the kneeling position he had ordered me into. 

My friend had been right about a couple of things. His accent and mannerisms made me felt like I was in a German prison camp and he was the commandant. But I like to be sub so it didn't matter. And when I pulled his boxers down his cock sprang out at me, slapping my face as it hardened. Great Cock. Great Cock!

"Suck it you little gay bastard," he said his heavy German accent. 

I didn't need to be told twice and started licking the head of his cock, and was rewarded with a few drops of very salty liquid. Damn, he had just taken a piss and I was tasting what was left of that. A first for me, but once I got over the disgust factor it turned me on knowing I was doing something I had never done before.

He had me lick his large, hairy balls, one at a time and he had to remind me to be careful with my teeth. I'm not exactly sure why but licking balls to me is taboo, but I love doing it so I was very careful and took my time.

Next, he rolled on to my bed and lay on his stomach lifting his beautiful ass into the air. "Lick it." I did, slowly at first, kissing each of his ass cheeks. 

"I said lick it, not kiss it and I want to feel your tongue way up inside my ass slut boy!"

He knew how to push my buttons. Nothing gets me turned on more than being told what to do, no matter how disgusting and then being forced to do it. I did my best to force my tongue into his tight and hairy ass and did so for about five minutes until he rolled over and told me to worship his cock. I did!

I loved the feeling of his cock hardening in my mouth yet suddenly it was way too huge to get all the way in, but he kept forcing it in. 

"What's the matter fairy boy don't you know how to swallow cock yet?" 

He knew I was inexperienced and my gag reflex was preventing me from getting much of it into my mouth. He didn't like that, so he grabbed the back of my head and started working a little more of it into my mouth with each forceful stroke. 

Finally, after about 10 minutes of forcing it in, I experienced it entering my throat. I couldn't breathe at first, but he wasn't interested in leaving it in my throat for very long. He was fucking my mouth like it was a cunt, at a steady rhythm and I think I was enjoying it as much as he was. Great Cock. Great Cock.

I tasted something new in my mouth, precum and hoped he would be cumming soon. My jaws were beginning to ache and my throat was getting a bit raw from his back and forth action. His cock seemed to grow, and he was pumping all the way now with my nose buried in his pubic hair. 

His cock seemed to get larger, if that was even possible, then I felt him start to stiffen up and suddenly I couldn't breathe. My mouth was being filled with a hot, bitter liquid as he pulled his cock out of my throat but left it in my mouth. Then he lunged forward and pulled out again. I could hear him moaning as I was trying to swallow everything his cock was unloading into my mouth. As bitter as it seemed I could only think of one thing: Great Cock. Wonderful Cum. Mmmmmm. 

He slumped back onto the bed, and I was just trying to come to my senses as I stayed in position on my knees, trying to clean up my face of the over flow cum. 

He rolled over, and told me to gently lick his balls. I though I was done and I was ready to leave, but I had to remind myself, it was my house and I couldn't leave. Damn it! 

I licked the old German's balls and he lifted himself up a bit and told me to go lower, to his ass again which I did, not willingly but his tone made it clear to me that I needed to do this or else!

"That's it slut boy. You like that, don't you? You like eating my seed and my balls and my ass. All you American boys like my ass. You're all worthless, but you are one of the best I've had who can swallow me and my cum. 

I was still licking his balls and ass, and noticed his cock was getting hard aggain.

"I'll tell you what slut boy. Let me do you a favor. If you roll over on to your stomach I'll lick your ass. I love to lick American ass. "

I couldn't believe it. This German god like creature who had just fed me one of the biggest loads of cum I had ever experienced wanted to return the favor and taste my ass. I love it when a man or a woman eats my ass, so I couldn't turn over fast enough, shedding my shorts and jockeys in one quick movement. 

"That's it slut boy. Relax. Here, let me spread those legs a little so I can get my face deep into your ass."

I was ready to feel his hot, wet tongue enter my ass. I just knew he would be good at eating ass. What I wasn't ready for was the rock hard cock at my cherry entrance and the brutal force he used to slip it into my ass, inch by agonizing inch. He must have used some sort of lube because it seemed to slide in easily. I should have been grateful but it still hurt like hell.

My ass was so tight and it had never experienced anything like this. Nothing larger than a doctor's finger had ever entered my ass, and now this big German guy was pushing with all of his weight on each of my shoulders, forcing me into the mattress and forcing my head into the comforter. I had a difficult time breathing from that alone but when he pushed his huge cock into my ass I totally lost my breath. 

I passed out from the pain, but only for a minute or two.

He was relentless. He kept fucking me and the pain and burning would not go away. It seemed like an hour but after a few minutes his body stiffened again and he unloaded in my ass, filling me with his cum.

When he finished he spun me around, keeping me on my stomach, and told me to clean his cock off with my mouth. I opened my mouth to protest and he took that opportunity to fill it with his cock. Great Cock. It was disgusting but for some strange reason I loved being forced to lick his cum and my ass juices from his cock. 

"Stupid American. You're all the same. You think you can suck this cock and I'll leave," he said as he dressed. " The only reason I let people like you suck my cock is to get it hard enough to take your virgin ass. You're a pretty good cock sucker but you were an even better fuck. I don't remember ever fucking an ass that tight.

With that he left and I passed out.

The next morning I woke up feeling totally used and like a truck had driven up into my ass. 

It's been a week now and the humiliation has passed. All I can think about is his wonderful cock and how much I want to taste it again. Maybe I'll be the one who was so good he'll want to come back. I hope so. 

Great Cock!