 At last I have the courage to write about my sexual experiences. All the stories are true. Only the names have been changed to protect the guilty.

STORY 4

I was 19 when I broke off from my girl friend. I think see was glad in away. She always had her suspicions about my sexuality. She’s right of course. After my first man fuck 6 months earlier with Gordon our sex between us was not the same.

She would quiz me about it. She says that something happened shortly after my trip to the garage with her dad. I denied anything happened. But as we all know that was the time I was screwed big time.

So now I’m unattached and freer to go and do what I want with out having to justify myself.

I had found out where Gerry had moved to. He was in the maintenance department, but had moved to the Rail shop. One summer Friday afternoon I walked through the Rail shop hoping to see him. I walked slowly along the shops centre path looking out for him. I would look right and then left being careful not to look odd.

Suddenly there was a shout ‘Joe’ what’s new. It was Brian, a mate I knew from awhile ago. He came up to me. We talked about things in general. I always found him a bit of a bore, but OK. He asked if  I’m going out with any one. I told him no. He had noticed over time that my girl friends don’t last, and he wondered why. If only he knew the half of it I thought. I was getter worried about the lateness of the afternoon. I need to find Gerry. So I wished Brian well and continued my walk, hoping I was not too late and Gerry had gone.

I came to the end of the shop path and was about to leave with sadness in my heart. When I suddenly I saw him, sitting in the office talking to another man. Was he arranging a fucking session with him I wondered. I tried to catch his eye but to no avail. I walked out of the shop into the open and called into the urinals near there.

I was just finishing my wee when Gerry came in. He commented that he had seen me trying to catch his eye, but did not wish to show it. We talked for awhile about sex and sex. He reminded me of the toilet incident. I laughed.

“I can still taste your spunk, you know” He said.
“Would you like to taste it again” I said.

It took no time to arrange for me to meet at his house that night at about 8 pm. He hadn’t been at this house long and was doing it up. So It will have to be the spare bedroom, but it had a double bed, added Gerry.

As I was eating my dinner with my parents, I kept thinking will it be as good as with Gordon. I was still a little frighten, you never know, he might be mad, or worse. I finished my dinner and was in the bathroom. I lay in the bath having a hot soak with loads of bubbles, thinking what Gerry might do to me in 2 hours time. I was looking forward to the time we’ll have in bed together. It will be longer than the 17 minutes I had with Gordon the other month.

I had a ‘hard on’. Shall I release myself or save it for Gerry. I held my dick so it stuck out of the water. I stared at it thinking what will it be doing and going into tonight?. I could not help thinking about Gerry at the last encounter. His finger sliding under my knob then taking the last drop of spunk off my dick and putting it in his mouth. The way he held his finger over my anus as I came. I did resist the wank I was gagging for. I dried myself, put on some blue jeans and a brown tank top. Saying bye to my parents and started my journey to Gerry’s house. 

I knocked on the door. Gerry opened it and beckoned me in. It was a nice house that he had bought recently. Two bed roomed, kitchen, dinning room and bathroom.. Gerry was in his overalls and in a dirty state. He had been re-plastering the dinning room.

He showed me to the back bed room. 

“Get yourself ready, I’ll be 10 minutes more. I need to float the plaster before it goes off” he said.

The bed room was not big, but comfortable. The room had two widows which allowed plenty of light in. The bed was a king size double with head and tail board. The sun was shining in. I thought it’s a good job there is net curtains over the windows. I noticed at the end of the room was a sink and toilet. Not in an ‘eu suite’, but in the open part of the room. Unusual to say the least.

I got undressed laid my clothes on a chair and got into bed on the right hand side. I slid under a light top sheet with my arms behind my head. Gerry came into the room, work finished now.

“I’ll need a wash before I get into bed with you” he said.

I watched with interest. He chucked the overalls into the corner of the room. He faced me and slowly un-buckled his belt. Ooo I thought to myself. The belt again. I have a ‘thing’ about men’s belts. How many times has Gerry’s  belt see other men looking at it, the belt undoing it self, the leather end sliding out of the buckle and inviting me to look with anticipation at this very sexual act. Yes – this belt has power over me. I wanted to suck the belt end, smell it and bite it. 

Gerry striped the rest of his clothes off and turned on the hot tap over the sink. I noticed as he peed in the toilet that the blond man stood well over 6 feet tall. The sight of him holding this cut knob at its base caused that feeling in the bottom of my stomach to appear, seeing the wee leaving his body was, in a funny way, erotic.

 He washed over his body with a flannel, under his arms, under his crutch, washed down his legs. The sun was shining on him, his blond hair glistening on his body. He turned around to put some body spray on. His cut dick was bigger than mine and wider. I was only a little disappointed about his cut cock. His hansom body more than compensated. 

“Got a good view have you - do you like what you see” he said.

I just smiled at him. Gerry climbed into the bed laying down on his back to my left. He put his right arm down under my head. I turned onto my left side and put my right arm over his chest. This was very peaceful. He could tell I was a little frightened and anxious  

“Just keep still and rest up awhile - things will happen in there own time” he said.

I slowly moved my right hand over his chest, passing my fingers over his nipples and down to the belly button, twirling around and in it. He passed his hand over my head, allowing his fingers to flow through my hair. He kissed the top of my head, passed his fingers around and in my ear, stroked my face. This was very sensual, he had a magic touch. I was now rubbing my hardness into his side. Moving my hand down further and found the tip of his dick. He was now hard. I moved partly onto him sucking his right nipple while rubbing his cock. He rubbed his right hand up and down my spine. This is very sexy I said to myself.

I moved to place myself knelling over him to suck the other nipple. He put his right hand on my arse, moved it up and down between the anus and balls. Pushing his thumb onto my anus at the same time fingering my balls, along with this his left hand gripping hair.

“This is nice, can we get into a 69 position” I said.

Without another word I moved around into the 69 position, laying on my right side. His legs were straight and I could see clearly all his crutch. What a lovely site, his hard dick only a few inches from my face. I could see the fine blond hairs in the sun shine. I rubbed my hand over them, feeling them, smelling them. Then Gerry opened his legs and bent them up sliding his right leg under my head.

We lay there with our cocks in each others mouths. He was big and thick. I pushed my mouth down onto him, slowly seeing the length disappear and balls getting nearer to my nose. Can I take it all in I thought, after a few minutes I was moving my mouth all the way down without gagging. His cock now fully in and my nose now hard up against his balls and my left hand rubbing his bum, I was in heaven.

He was doing marvellous things to me. Licking back and too along my cock at the same time pressing his thumb onto my anus. I now opened my legs and bend them up so he could put his head between. As I was licking his balls Gerry moved his body a little further down and wrapped his legs around my head in such away that his feet were pushing onto the back of my head. I could clearly see all. His anus was only 3 or 4 inches way, it was neatly nice and round with a little pucker, surrounded with very fine blond hair. 

He was running his tongue from my balls to my anus. Back and too he went with the tongue. His tongue would at times jab into my hole. At the same time working my cock with his left hand, what a sensation this was. I found that I was jerking my body as a prelude to coming.

Gerry let go of my cock and said “Don’t you dare-don’t you come yet”.

As Gerry continued to tongue my hole and I still had doubts about going down on his plucked anus. His feet kept up there pressure on my head. My reservations were weakening. Gerry kept up his tonguing on my hole. Slowly my head drew closer and closer to this lovely bum hole. The next think I new I was rubbing my tongue along and over this hole. With all my reserve now gone I stiffened my tongue and drove it into Gerry’s arse hole. 

Gerry said “That’s enough foreplay – Are you ready to be fucked Joe”.

“I am” I said. 

“Get on your front then” said Gerry.

I turned around and lay on my tummy facing the bed head, with my arms stretched out in a ‘trident’ position. Gerry knelt by my head with this throbbing cock only inches away, he was putting some KY jell onto that cock of his. Gerry asked if I’m ready for this big cock of his. I nodded in agreement. He slowly rubbed plenty of jell on.

He said “This stuff is always cold at first, but we will soon get it warm together.”

He got behind me and opened my legs into a ‘scissor’ position. He leaned forward and hovered his body over me supporting himself with his left arm. Then I felt his knob end pushing at my entrance, he stopped and brought his right arm down. Gerry now lowered himself slowly and wholly down on top of me ensuring his cock does not leave my entrance. His weight now fully down on me, he put his arms over mine and intertwined his fingers into my fingers. I was completely trapped and about to be screwed good style. 

I had my head facing left, he was looking down at me and softly nibbling my left ear. His body was warm and sweaty .We both sank into the bed and paused a little. I felt his arm muscles tense and then his body, slowly at first, moved up and then down. His dick felt good and fulfilling as it moved inside me.

With Gerry being taller by 4 or so inches he was able to bring his mouth down to mine. There we were practically breathing into each others mouths as he humped me. Yes – this is nice I thought. The sun shining into the bed room and onto our bodies as we fucked. Suddenly his breathing became shallower and quicker. Yes – I thought, he’s about to cum.

I lifted my head up a little and met his mouth. I began to kiss him. He was now coming with all the groans which our deep kissing was suppressing and his fingers were closed very tight over mine. His climax now abating, his fingers relaxing, he came to a dead stop.

“That was nice – I must have pumped a full load into you” he said. 

As we lay I could feel his cock going smaller and slowly sliding out of me. Gerry rolled off me onto his back looking up and clearly out of breath.

“Serves you right”-  I said .

We both laughed. 

Gerry got a flannel from under the pillow and wiped the excess jell off my bum, and rolled me over onto my back. He looked at my raging hard on and said its my turn to put you right. He gave me two choices to be finished off. ‘A wet wank’ or ‘a blow job’. He explained that a wet wank was with putting jell all over my dick and then hand jobbing me to a climaxed. He also explained his type of blow job. The type that he kisses back my spunk!! 

“Which do you what” he said.

I thought for a moment. The wet wank is attractive, so also the blow job. I nodded approval for the Gerry’s special ‘blow job’. He kneeled on the bed at the side of my head and began to stroke his tongue down my chest. It passed over the belly button down the side of my cock, around the balls. He then run the tongue along the top side of my cock towards the tip. Licking and flicking went this tongue. This tongue of his was very skilled and experienced. I looked down at this ‘tongue’ and wondered how many dicks has it touched? How many pairs of balls has it licked and sucked? How much spunk it has tasted?         

My left hand was caressing his back while this ‘tongue’ is doing such marvels on me. Then Gerry’s mouth took over. It scooped up my cock. I could see my shaft slowly disappearing. How horny this sight was. Yes – I’m starting to feel that coming feeling. I moved my left hand to Gerry’s neck and griped it tight, pressing it down onto my cock.

“Ooo Gerry I’m there – I’m cuming” I said.

He with drew his mouth  back so only the tip was in, his tongue lashed away as my spunk shot into him, wave after wave of the white stuff  sprayed his tongue. This tongue now has another notch to the gun, so to speak. My climate now waning, Gerry turned his head around and hovered over mine. With his mouth puckered up, he slowly lowered down until our lips met. He waited, waiting for me to make the next move. I thought to myself I’ve never swallowed spunk before, but to late to back out now.

I slowly pushed my tongue into his mouth and he opened it, but only a little, then paused. I felt the cream, my cream, slide into my mouth and over my tongue. It was dripping in slowly giving me time to taste this magic essence. Gerry was pressing his mouth onto mine, then he forced opened our mouths open and my cum flooded in. We lashed our tongues together like mad, pushing and poking into our mouths. He opened his mouth as wide has he could so my tongue could finish mopping up the last of the cum.

We had finished and Gerry suggested a cup of tea might help. We laughed, and I agreed. As he went to put the kettle on I noticed that we had been ‘at it’ for over one hour. I felt really relaxed and completely satisfied.

We did get together at times. I found that Gerry was the most sensual person I’ve ever made love with. His fore play fantastic, but that’s another story.