 I know you've waited a long time for this. Take off my shirt. Slowly. Do the buttons one by one. Fuck, your hands are shaking. I turn you on that bad, huh? Yeah, take it off.

Look at my body. You like what you see? You like my muscles? Watch me flex this here.....oh fuck yeah. Fuckin' get your FUCKIN hands off my crotch, motherfucker slut. You fuckin touch me again before I say so and I'll break your fuckin nose, you hear? Fuckin do what I say. That's better.

Look at all that muscle. Yeah...look at my fuckin mile wide shoulders. Bet you could cum just by looking at me. Now I want you to kiss my bicep....mmmm.....now the other one....yesss. Worship me. You can touch my pecs. Yeah lick those biceps. You like those thick veins? I've got thick veins in other places, too...Yeah.... Lick my nipples. Suck on them. Harder. Yeah, use your tongue. Flick it. Kiss my abs......yeah you love it, you love to taste all that muscle. Kiss it.....lower....kiss my treasure trail.....yeah I know what you want, you little fuck. Kiss my belt buckle, nice and slow. Lick it. I want to see your tongue on that cold steel...

Look at how excited you are. I know what you want. Look into my eyes. I said look at me. I know what little fuckers like you want. You're a bad, bad slut you know that? You must want it really bad. You know what you're here for... you need me to say it out loud, huh...? What you're here for...?

You're here to suck my cock.

Yeah, don't pretend you don't want to. I bet it's all you think about all day. Listen here.... Deep inside my jeans I've got a solid 9-inch cock. You want some of that? Then you gotta be good....look at this bulge in my jeans....see how big it is? You wanna feel it? Wanna feel my bulge? Touch it nice and slow. Feel it. Squeeze it. Yeah, you know what's under that denim, don't you? You know what's this huge bulge here, huh? That's right...it's my cock. What else...? Good work....my balls.

Now I'm gonna be a real bastard. I'm gonna tease you... I'm gonna drive you crazy...coz it gets me off to know you need a fix of my cock so bad. So you stay right there on your knees and let my dirty mouth excite you.

...Say, you think my cock can fit in your mouth? All of it? You'd better train your gag reflex...I've got a huge cock and I know how to use it. When I want a blowjob I get one. Loads of fuckers like you who'd do anything for a taste of my cock. They like to suck it, lick it and swallow it. I get back from working out all tense and pumped up, that's when I like a blow, so I make a phone call and a couple minutes later some slut will be sucking the stress out of my cock. I know I'm fuckin gorgeous and I've got a great body...and that's what makes fuckers like you want to eat me so bad. Fucking cocksuckers like you. So, pussymouth...I bet you're dying to look at my cock now huh?

So, bitch, what kind of cock do you like huh? Know what? I'm rock hard. I'm hard all the time. You like cocks that are hard as steel rods? I bet you do. And that's what my cock feels like now. Like fucking steel. You know what sucking my cock will feel like? It'll feel like you're sucking a crowbar. So what do you say? You wanna suck my cock? You like hearing me say that, don't you? Wanna hear some more...?

Look straight into my eyes. I said look, fucker! Listen up. Suck my cock. Come here and SUCK my COCK right to my balls. Suck it, COCKSUCKER. Suck the CUM out of my BALLS you little COCKSLUT. You COCKHUNGRY little BITCH you're dying for a MOUTHFUCK aren't you. You need some of my COCK down your throat huh? You need to gag on my DICKHEAD? Fuckin open up your mouth for my PRICK. 

Fuck, your trembling. I bet you could cum just by hearing me talk dirty. Pathetic shit. Look how bad you wanna blow me. How bad do you want me to fuck your mouth, huh...? How bad do you want me to slide my cock inside your lips?

I said tell me....how bad do you want me to FUCK your mouth?

That bad huh? Tell me why. Why do you want to suck my cock?

Mmm...that's a good answer. I may just let you suck me off, if you're good and you ask real nice. Maybe I'll thrill my cock today. I may just face-fuck you hard and empty my balls down your mouth. Would you like that...? You'd like to suck my prick and swallow my cum? Yeah I bet you would.... I bet you'd give anything to lick my thick cock....and I'm gonna teach you to blow me just how I like it. You're gonna suck me as if you're drowning and you have to breathe through my cock. I like my cock squeezed with your lips. You want me to pull your hair while I face-fuck you? So that you'll do everything I say? Like a little blowjob slave? I bet you do. You want to SUCK my cock like a little slut. You're gonna suck on my shaft and then you're gonna lick my balls. My balls are full of cum, and I'm gonna make you suck my cock until I shoot the entire contents of my balls deep down your throat, understand? I'll shoot your mouth so full of cum you can gargle it. You're excited just hearing about it, huh? 

Man, these fuckin jeans feel real tight around my cock. You want me to take them off? So you can see more of me? Would you like that? Yeah you do don't you...take off my belt, nice and slow. Pull it off. Good bitch. Smell that leather...nice huh? Maybe later we'll play a game with my belt...

Now open my jeans button. Good. Now slowly unzip it...yeah right over my huge cock bulge. See how tight it's pulled here...that's because my cock is so big. Can you feel the power of my cock? Don't you fuckin touch it. Good. Now pull off my fuckin denim...yeah.


You like what you see huh?

Today must be your lucky day. I'm wearing my tightest white briefs. You can almost see everything. See how low the waistband is...? Yeah...keep staring at it, it gets me off. Look at that bulge...yeah don't tell me you don't wanna rip my briefs off and SWALLOW my cock whole. Which bulge is my cock? This here? The one that looks like a fuckin baseball bat? Yes, that's my cock. Look closer slut. See if you can count both my balls. Here's one...and...here's the other one. Fuck, they're big as golf balls huh? And see how small these briefs are... you can see my pubes at the waistband...see all that curly black hair...down my waist...bet you know why it's called a treasure trail huh? Know why my bulge looks dark under my briefs...?

I've got lots of thick, black cock fur.

All around my cock my pubes are thick and curly. You like that? See...I'm pulling down my underwear, just a little...yeah...look at all that fur. Look at that cock fur. You ever seen cock fur as thick as mine? I guess not. You know what else bitch?

I've got hair on my balls, too.

You wanna know why my balls have fuzz on them, huh faggot? Coz I'm a real man...a real man with muscles, a hard cock and big hairy balls. Wanna know why I've got big balls? They're full of cum. When I cum my cream is gonna shoot from deep inside my balls, up my hard shaft and right into your mouth. I'm gonna cum so much it'll drip down your lips and chin. You want me to cum twice? Three times? Four times? Fill your pretty mouth with my sperm? Want to choke on my load, would you like that...? You want me to shoot inside your fuckin face-pussy again and again with my cock cream? You want me to use your mouth as my cum rag? Sure you do.

Open your mouth; show me what my cock will be fucking. Pout your lips. Do it like a slut. Yeah, your mouth is made for my cock. Look at how small it is, man it's gonna be a tight fit. Real tight. Nothing I like more than fucking a tight face-cunt. I gotta warn you...after you service my prick your mouth will hurt for a week. Your pretty little mouth's gotta stretch real wide to take my fuckstick...

OK, enough talk. I'm gonna take these fuckin briefs off. Can't wait huh, bitch? Tell you what...want me to rip them off? Yeah, you'd like that huh. Here...wait for it....

YEAH! Fuck yeah, look at it. Yeah, stare at my cock, look at how big and hard it is! Yeah look at my rock hard cock and balls! Am I fucking huge or what? Wanna see me bounce it? Huh slut? Wanna see me bounce my cock up and down? Like this? Like...this? Yeah see it bounce! See my cockhead hitting my abs...yeah...!

Are you ready to suck my COCK?

OK bitch here's the deal. Close your fuckin eyes. Don't peep. My cock is half an inch from your face-pussy. When I count to three, I'm gonna fuck it in, and you'd better start sucking my cock like you wanna suck the cum outta my balls, you hear? Don't fuckin play with my balls or lick my cockhead or any bullshit like that. Just suck my cock and suck it real hard, got it? You ready for it...?

OK...One...

Two...

THREE.