 I look at Craigslist several times a day clicking on different sections of their "Personals" ads. Being a bi-male I look at virtually all the ads posted by men, women and couples. Recently there was an ad in which a man was looking for another man to photograph nude. I'm not sure what is was but I was very intrigued about the idea of posing naked for someone, especially a man I'd never met before. Before I knew it my fingers were typing a reply to him with my stats: 58, 6'3", 215, 6c, shaved and trimmed, plus I attached a few self taken naked photos.

In short order I got a reply saying he was very interested. Since his house was being remodeled we opted to get a motel room for the photo shoot. The arrangements were made and a couple of days later I drove to the motel. Sitting in my parked vehicle, I questioned what the hell I was doing, but the erotic thoughts and visions that had been dancing in my head since our email exchanges were too much to overcome, so up to his room I went and knocked on the door.

Opening the door was a man, shorter and a little younger than me. During our emails he'd asked what, if any, ideas I had for the photo shoot. The main one I had was of him taking pictures of me as I took off all my clothes, one piece at a time. After a few nervous moments on both of our parts, he asked if I wanted to start. I just smiled and nodded my head.

It was summer time so I didn't have a lot of clothes on to start with just some shorts, shirt and sandals. With the photo shoot in mind, under the shorts I had on a pair of thin brown bikini underwear that didn't leave any marks on the skin. Slowly I started to undue my short's belt buckle. Then the zipper was slowly pulled down exposing my bikini. By this time there was a very apparent bulge showing through the almost transparent undergarment as my shorts hit the floor.

Next off was my shirt. Now I was standing there in front of him with only my thin brown bikini bottoms between him and my growing cock. All this time he'd been taking quite a few pictures as my clothes came off. Now he stopped taking pictures for a moment and, from his kneeling position in front of me, he carefully caressed my cock and balls through the thin cotton material. Now the fabric was being stretched to its limit. As I slowly pealed them down the shaft of my semi-hard cock was revealed. He took several nice close-ups as more skin was revealed.

With one last tug my cock sprang free and I was standing completely naked in front of him. He took just a couple of more pictures, then, putting the camera down, he reached up and slowly started feeling my hard cock and balls. I let out a soft moan as his fingers traced up and down my shaft. Looking down at him I smiled as he took my cock into his mouth. I couldn't believe what I was doing. Here I was in a motel room, with a man I'd never met before, letting him take naked pictures of me, and now he was sucking my cock.

After a few moments of this exquisite feeling, he withdrew my cock from his mouth, and with a smile, started taking some pictures of my now glistening hard cock. Walking around the room he took pictures of me in different parts of the room. Some were close-ups of my cock and balls, some of my ass, and others of my whole body. Every now and then he'd stop, put his camera down and, again, start stroking my cock and fondling my balls and sucking on me.

Finally we moved the photos session to the bed. He had me prop myself up with several pillows and then I started stroking myself while he took more photos. Quite a few were close-ups that showed just the head of my cock and my slit. I would alternate from stroking my cock to pulling on it, playing with my balls, rubbing my hairy chest and pulling on my nipples.

I just laid on the bed jacking my cock for a good ten minutes while he took numerous photos. He then asked if he could take some pictures of me cumming. I was really getting into jacking off for this man while he took pictures and cumming was the only logical conclusion so I said yes. I'd been naked before with men, but this was the first time that I was jacking off specifically for one man while he took pictures. And to me, the biggest turn on for this entire photo shoot was that while I was naked he was clothed the whole time.

As I stroked my cock I keep thinking of the whole scenario, me in a motel room with a man I'd never met before, him clothed, me naked, and I was having a ball, looking him in the eye while I was stroking my hard cock for him! It was even more erotic than what I had envisioned.

After what seemed a long time, but no doubt wasn't because of my highly aroused thoughts, I told him I was getting ready to blow. As he framed the photos to show only my cock and balls I erupted, spewing my cum all over my stomach, chest and bed spread.

That was one of the most intense orgasms I've ever had! I was spent! Putting the camera down he crawled onto the bed between my legs and started to lick all the cum off my body. When he got to my softened cock he took it into his mouth and slowly started sucking on it. I thought to myself there was no way anything more was going to happen but it sure felt good so I just laid there and let him suck on me.

After a few minutes I realized I was getting hard again. The rhythm would alternate from him sucking to me thrusting my hips towards him, in the most literal sense face fucking him. My wanton desire to cum again had me caressing his head while he took my whole cock into his mouth. His tongue would go from swirling around my shaft to light flicks over the head and into my slit.

Looking down into his eyes I told him I was going to cum again. We locked eyes as I blew another load, this time into his mouth. He never lost a drop. My cock slowly softened in his mouth while he lovingly still sucked on it. We stayed on the bed for a bit and just talked while he gently played with my now soft cock.

He said that he'd love to photograph me at his place once the remodeling was finished and I whole heartedly agreed.

And that is another story in itself.