 Memphis is a hot town in the summer time. The best anyone can do is find the nearest swimming pool or a cool bar. I had spent three years in a small private college in a small town but wanted a bigger experience in a bigger town. I managed to talk my parents into allowing me to transfer to another private school in Memphis to pursue an art degree. I also managed to talk them into leasing me an apartment in the east part of town. I was enjoying my freedom and enjoying the experience of independent living without having my folks around. In fact, I was enjoying having no one around most of the time. 

Memphis was a town I thought I would enjoy because of the culture, the Southern cuisine and I knew there was some nightlife there. My first summer there was spent by the pool tanning and swimming. I was a straight kid, in every way, but was always a little curious about being with another man. Regardless, I had never acted on it and didn't really plan to. So, I spent my summer watching the girls in my apartment complex walking by, sunning themselves and dipping in the pool. 

So far it had been a enjoyable summer, but I hadn't had any luck in scoring with any of these ladies. But it wasn't for lack of trying. I am not a bad looking guy, but I get a little awkward around women. I am used to hanging out with the guys. 

Still, I had not made any guy friends in town. However, one afternoon as I lay out trying to tan, a handsome, black guy walked by in a his white bikini bottoms. I tried not to pay attention but the guy had a noticeable bulge in his tight bikinis. Before I knew it, I had lowered my sunglasses to get a better view. After being caught, I quickly returned my sunglasses to their previous position and tried to hide my embarassment. As the days passed, I saw him many more times by the pool. Often he walked by me on his way to the sauna. I began to notice that he often gave me a smile or broad grin when he passed. 

One early afternoon, this African prince walked by and it was hard to continue to ignore his form and his body. He was tall, approximately 6'2". He was very muscular, obviously a guy who works out regularly at the gym. His head was clean shaven and his body as well. I could tell his pubic area was as smooth as his head. He wore extremely small but fitting bikinis. They looked especially appealing on this man with powerfully chorded and muscled thighs and legs. From the outline of his crotch, I judged his cock to be probably seven inches when soft. Of course, a person never knows. Either way, he had my attention and I could not suppress my curiosity any longer. 

I followed him shortly thereafter into the sauna. He sat against the wall with his towel wrapped around his waist. He smiled when I walked in. I tried to act nonchalantly, but I didn't fool him. At the very least, he knew I was curious about what lay beneath that white towel. I had given myself away by staring too long. He spoke first. We made our introductions and a little small talk. 

Finally, he spoke up and was very forward. "So," he said, "I assume you're gay." 

I was taken aback, or at least acted as such, and told him that I wasn't. 

He replied, "Well, you sure have been getting your eyes full of me. You been watching my cock for several days now. So....I just assumed you like sucking a black man's cock." 

I admitted the truth and told him I had never even been with a guy. However, when pressed, I admitted that I had thought about it. Finally, he stood up, gave me a smirk and opened his towel. In doing so, he exposed a half-flacid cock that measured eight inches already and had the circumference of a large salami. I was amazed by its size. He took it in his hand and slightly shook it at me and slapped it back and forth for a second. 

He asked me, "What do you think about that big fucker?" 

I responded, "That's amazing. I can't imagine any girl taking that thing all at one time." 

He responded, "Well, can you imagine a little thin white boy taking all of it at one time? I'm talking about you, sweetheart." 

I sat for a minute quietly while he smiled and talked slightly dirty to me, prodding and provoking me to give in and swallow his cock. He walked close to me and put it within inches of my face.

After a minute, I decided that I had to get my hands and mouth on that cock. I wanted it and wanted it badly. I almost choked on my words but finally invited him to my apartment if he wanted to spend the afternoon hanging out. He agreed and told me he wanted to get a shower first and would stop by afterwards. 

In about an hour, I had showered and was sitting on my couch in my apartment. I had put on my thin gym shorts (which were very short). I decided to wear no underwear and I had on a t-shirt. After hearing a knock on my door, I got up and answered it. There stood Marcus, my sauna and pool friend. I welcomed him in and he sat down. 

I offered him a drink and went into the kichen to get him a beer out of the fridge. He called out to me, "So, you been thinking about my pretty black dick all this time?"

I looked through the opening over the bar, smiled and responded, "It's been on my mind."

He called back, "Well, don't worry, it will soon be on your face." 

When I had returned from the kitchen, I could tell through his thin pajama pants that he had the makings of a soon-to-be hard cock. He was enjoying the dirty talk. 

After handing Marcus his drink, I sat down next to him. He smiled and said, "Are you nervous?" I told him I was but was trying to contain it and I told Marcus to nurse on his drink while I got myself together. However, he only laughed, squeezed his cock and informed me that he had something that I could nurse on. 

Slowly, I moved my hand to his crotch and felt the covered length of his enormous dick. I slowly moved my hand up and down the length of his shaft, feeling his emerging hardness under the thin cotton of his pajama pants. 

Marcus finally sat his drink on the end table and pulled his beautiful tool free of his pants. The large cock was still partially flacid but slowly losing its elasticity. 

With one smooth action, Marcus put his enormous left hand behind my head and began pulling me toward his crotch. As I knew the time has come to lose my oral virginity, I placed one hand around Marcus' cock and slowly licked a black cock, any cock, for the first time. 

I was surprised at how quickly my mouth was wanting to produce spit. I licked the head and the shaft up and down leaving a decent amount of saliva behind. I slowly licked the underside of this fuckstick and swirled my tongue around its massive dark purple head. I held just the head in my mouth and stuck my tongue out to wet the underside of the head. Then I slowly began making my way down onto the shaft itself. 

Marcus' cock was so big as it grew quickly to its full size of 11 inches that I could easily stroke his shaft while sucking and licking on the end of it. Because I could stroke it easier in another position, I moved to the floor and took my place on my knees between Marcus' legs. I quickly pulled my t-shirt off and threw it behind me. I kept up my slow pace despite his urge to quicken it. 

He moaned and lay his head back on the sofa. "Oh, you suck that big black cock, sugar," he said as I slowly engulfed as much of his cock as I possibly could. My mouth was stretched but I was handling it well. I drew off on occasion to spit on his cock and jack it a little. 

Soon Marcus instructed me to back up on my knees and he stood up facing me. He looked enormous standing over me. I pulled him toward me and sucked his cock head into my mouth while easily stroking his shaft. He rested one hand on my shoulder while I worked and the other firmly on the back of my head, playing with my hair. 

I pulled off and lifted his cock, which I might add was actually very heavy, and began to lick and suck his large smooth balls. He felt the little pang you get when your balls are being sucked forcefully and cursed. "Oh, baby, you little white cockslut, you suck that cock until your lips are numb," he uttered. As I sucked his cock, large ropes of spit slung back and forth and fell to the carpet and on my chest. 

Finally, Marcus pulled away from my mouth and began lifting me by my hand to my feet. He told me to remove my shorts, which I did quickly. 

I asked assumingly, "Do you want to suck me for a while now?" 

He quickly responded, "No, bitch, I ain't no faggot. I don't suck cock. I'm going to eat your pussy and get you ready for the fucking I'm going to hand you in a little while." I was somewhat stunned and didn't know how to respond, but it didn't seem to matter to Marcus. 

He and I walked to my bedroom and he got on the bed on his back. I'm small framed, 5'7, weighed about 155 pounds and had never had anything inserted into my ass. So one can imagine what horrible thoughts were racing through my mind.

Anyway, Marcus lay on his back with that huge cock strutting upwards. He put me on top in a 69 position with my knees planted on the bed on either side of his head. He placed both large hands firmly on each of my ass cheeks and began to lick my asshole. I continued my oral duties to his black serpent, occasionally moving the large meat to the side of my head so I could reach his nuts with my tongue. Marcus forcefully licked and probed my schincter with his firm and knowing tongue. 

I pulled off long enough to glance back at Marcus and inform him, "Marcus, please remember that I have never had anal sex before. Please don't hurt me." 

He just laughed quietly and responded, "Boy, you quit worrying about your tight little pussy. When I get done priming you, that hole will be begging to swallow my black cock." And so, the rimming continued. 

Marcus pulled my cheeks apart and spit on his middle finger. After a few minutes, he was gliding his finger in and out of my ass with ease. Slowly, I felt him ease two fingers in and slowly begin working my hole loose. His stout fingers caused me discomfort as he probed my inner chamber. I told him it hurt and he informed that I hadn't felt any pain..yet. 

After a few minutes of rimming and fingering, Marcus opened a small vile of lube he had brought over in his pajama pants. He began to lube my ass with the same two fingers, slowly going deeper and attempting to stretch my sphincter. In just a little while, I yelped as I felt three fingers entering the most private of my body's places. 

Again, Marcus seemed to find this amusing. But at this point, I almost hoped for the anal invasion I was about to experience as my tongue and lips were completely numb from more than thirty minutes of servicing this black man's eleven inch love rod. 

Finally, Marcus commanded me to get off of him and to take my dutiful place on my knees with my ass in the air. Marcus moved me to the edge of the bed and stood up and positioned himself behind me, all the while stroking his cock with a lube-slick hand. He slapped my ass a couple of times and began to rub his huge cock head up and down the crack of my ass and slowly into the innermost center of my ass. 

He squirted more lube from the bottle and it fell onto his head and he seemed to be rubbing it into my asshole. Finally, Marcus put one hand on my right hip and using his left hand, he positioned his cockhead at the entrance to my ass. I felt the expected pressure as his cock head pushed against my unwilling sphincter. Of course, my sphincter was no match for this African invader. 

The pressure was soon replaced by sheer pain and torture as his beautiful mushroom helmut head pushed its way past my barrier and plopped into my ass for the first time. As I began to scream out, he reached around and inserted two of his fingers into my mouth. He counseled me, "Just pretend you are sucking another big black cock while I get you broken in." 

Soon the burning and and the intense pain were replaced with a more erotic sensation. It was the feeling that something is filling you up. And, man, was it? Soon Marcus had a stroke going and he had both of his strong hands on my hips. I began to feel a certain amount of satisfying pleasure after the first ten minutes of pain. Every so often, he would go so deep, it would completely rob me of my breath. He stood for several minutes, fucking my ass from behind. 

Finally, he withdrew and told me to get on my back. I did so and he climbed between my legs and pulled them up and suspended them on each of his sides. His knees on the bed formed a kind of support under my ass and back and he began to fuck me from this position. My man pussy was indeed loosening up. As he neared his completion, Marcus put me fully on my back and pulled my legs over his shoulders and began to plunge his massive, hard and slick cock into and out of me. 

He was sweating and gritting his pretty white teeth as his urge built up. Finally, I heard him grunt and felt him swell inside me. He roared, "Where do want this load, boy? Huh, where you want me to put it?" 

I whimpered, "On my face, Daddy. Oh, I want your fucking cum all over my face!" 

As Marcus roared, he pulled out and yelled to me, "Get under here, boy!" He moved up as I quickly inched down on the mattress so my face was just under his cock. He quickly jerked his cock to keep up his momentum and I licked his balls. Soon he grunted from deep within and as he made animal-like gutteral noises, the first extremely thick squirt of cum shot across my mouth and face. I opened my mouth and took the next shot directly into my mouth, almost gagging me. The third large squirt of tangy cum landed on my mouth, chin and neck. As he slowed his pace and held his cock, I pulled his hand away and took the still hard prick into my mouth and began sucking at its head, which was extremely sensitive. Marcus shuddered and convulsed as I sucked the slimy head of his cock. I felt the slimy texture of his juice as it slid down my throat and dripped on my skin.

Marcus lay down beside me for am minute and then declared to me, "Like I told you, I ain't no fag. I'm all man." Still confused by his thinking, I got up and went into the bathroom and cleaned my face. I returned to find Marcus still lying there. He ordered me to wipe his tool clean, which I did. Then he smiled and said, "Now I want my girl to get back between my legs and work on this black snake a little more. You won't ever be a good little girlfriend if you don't get practice." I smiled and went down again on my African prince and thought how lovely summer afternoons in Memphis can be.