 My girlfriend gave me a membership to a gym for my birthday. I didn't really need to lose weight, just tone my body back up again and get some good muscle definition.

I went to the gym and used some of the equipment that I was familiar with and was working up a sweat getting back into a routine. I noticed some new equipment and went to the front desk to ask if I could get some instruction. The girl at the desk told me that my new membership included instruction from a personal trainer at no charge for the first thirty days. We discussed the details and I signed up to start with a trainer the following week.

I made my appointment for late in the evening so I could come in after work. I met Antonio, my trainer, the first night. He was a very fit guy that most women would drool over. He was in his early 30s, average height and Latin. 

Antonio showed me the equipment that I was not familiar with and explained how to use it. We discussed which areas of my body I wanted to target. I told him I felt I needed to work on my legs, butt and abs. He looked me over and I felt self conscious under his gaze, but at the same time his eyes ignited me like a fire. He told me that to record my progress we were going to take starting measurements and then do weekly updates. He pulled out a tape measure and proceeded to measure different parts of my body. His hands grazed me from time to time and I was working to keep my breath steady. As he parted my legs and wrapped the tape measure around each of my thighs to get the measurements I hoped he couldn't tell that I was getting hard when he touched me. I didn't know why. I had never been into guys, but it happened that night. He put the tape measure away and I was relieved that the torture of him touching me was over while at the same time I wanted him to keep touching me.

In the following weeks I worked hard and was seeing progress in the shape of my body. I was starting to feel more comfortable with how I looked and was starting to buy new clothes

One night Antonio and I were going through our normal routine. I was sitting on a weight machine and doing some rows when Antonio sat down behind me and placed his arms over mine. He told me that I needed to adjust my form to get better results. He pulled along with my pulls and his arms remained on mine as we let the weights gently slide back. After a few repetitions he placed one hand on my rib cage and told me that I needed to breathe through each repetition. I could barely breathe with his hands on me. The sensation was unfamiliar. His hand was just inches above my cock and I wanted him to reach down and touch me.

We finished that set of repetitions and he suggested we moved to the lateral machine. This was not my normal routine so I was somewhat confused. I got down my knees and pull the weights down as he had instructed me. Normally he stood behind me as I did my exercise, but this time he was standing in front of me. I was at the perfect level to see the bulge in his shorts. My breathing became more labored. What was happening to me? I was turned on at the sight of another man's cock and his touch. 

The gym was closing and I was heading to the shower to clean up and go home. Antonio locked up as usual and then he was in the shower. The sight of him naked had me putting my hand on my own cock and giving it some good strokes. His body was fit and I wanted to touch him. I couldn't take my eyes off him as he showered and I saw him start to stroke his own cock. He looked at me and asked me if I would help him. I wasn't sure what to say. This was a man, but here I was stroking myself while I was watching him.

I walked over to him. He took the lead and reached out to take my hand. He placed it on his cock and placed his hand over mine. He was guiding my strokes as he grew harder. The feel was different but exciting. Antonio reached over and took my cock in his hand. He told me that he had wanted to do this since the first night I came in. I was shocked, but didn't stop. What we were doing felt wonderful despite my initial concerns. 

Antonio got on his knees in front of me and began to suck my cock. I couldn't believe I was letting a man suck me. I had never imagined this but I enjoyed everything he did. He licked, sucked and stroked just as I liked it, but the sensations were different than with my girlfriend. She was a great cocksucker, but something about Antonio made it different. Was it the forbidden aspect that made it so exciting or was it Antonio's mouth? He stood up again and I wanted to beg him to keep going. He asked me if I would like to try. My answer was my mouth on him. He wasn't big enough to cause me to gag, but my mouth felt full. So this is what it felt like to suck cock; it was a good feeling. I picked up the pace and started to fuck his cock with my mouth. I applied the pressure and suction that I like done to me, which apparently Antonio enjoyed as well. He told me that I needed to stop because he was about to come and there was something else he wanted to do.

I trembled with anticipation. Was he going to ask to fuck me? Was he going to ask me to fuck him? The possibilities turned me on even more. I didn't think that was possible. He took a towel and dried me off. I watched as he dried himself. He lead me back out to the weight machines and laid me down on a bench with my head towards the weights and my ass at the edge of the bench. He lifted my legs up in the air so that he had full access to my ass and balls. I had never been in this position before, but I loved it. He knelt in front of me again and began to lick my asshole. I had let my girlfriend play there a little bit, but we hadn't gone very far. I enjoyed what she did, but what Antonio was doing was going a step further. I hadn't realized how many nerve endings were in my ass. The tip of his tongue probed slightly into my hole. He alternated between licking and sucking my balls and tonguing my ass. At some point he had grabbed a bottle of baby oil. I felt the oil trickle down my ass and right over my hole. It shot fire straight to my cock. I had a feeling I knew what was coming and I was both fearful and wanted it at the same time. Antonio slipped his finger into my ass and wiggled it. I let out a loud groan. He had penetrated my ass and I loved it. He added a second finger and began to finger fuck me. I rode his fingers hard, and then begged for his cock. He wasted no time in sliding into my tight hole. It hurt slightly, but the further he went in, the more I loosened up. I was so damn tight. It was as if I could feel every vein in his cock. I wanted him deeper, harder, and faster. I didn't have time to think about the fact that I was being fucked by a man. My ass was tight and full and bringing me pleasure. Antonio reached down and stroked my cock as he plunged in and out of my ass. I was damn near exploding, but Antonio beat me to it. He gave me harder, deeper and faster, just as I wanted it as he shot his load in my ass. It was everything I could not to do the same, but I wanted my turn. 

When Antonio was fully drained, I bent him over the weight bench with his ass up in the air. I proceeded to dive in and repeat the treatment he had given me. I probed his tight little ass with my tongue and worked on sucking the balls in front of me. My fingers dove into his slippery ass and his hole clamped tightly around them. Now I had an idea what he felt as he fucked me. If this is what my fingers felt like, I couldn't wait to get my cock in him. I poured oil on and stroked my cock to get it good and hard then slid into him. I had no idea my cock could feel this good. Antonio's ass was tight and he contracted around me. I had never felt anything so good before. I rode him with everything I had. I drove in as deep as I could go and withdrew until just my cock head was inside of him. The nerves in my cock were as sensitive as they had ever been. When I couldn't take it anymore, I drove hard into Antonio and my cock pumped my come into his ass. I screamed as I came. I never imagined I would be doing this, but there was no way I would have missed these sensations now. 

Antonio and I headed to the shower to get cleaned up. We did some more stroking, gave each other some more heavy duty cock sucking and I swallowed come for the first time. It was late when we finally left and Antonio admitted to me that my girlfriend had set the whole thing up. He also revealed that she had hoped he would come home with me some day so we could share him. My cock started to throb just at the thought of it. I know I'll be continuing my sessions with Antonio for a long time.