 My phone buzzed on the desk, and I made the mistake of looking at it.

"GET IN!!" Read the text message from my friend Ben. "ONE-NIL!"

I let out a small groan of disappointment, I couldn't believe I was missing the semi-final. City had never got this far and I was stuck in the office. I looked at the clock, thinking if I could get home in time to watch the second.

Anne would be a bit annoyed, but I had stayed late and that was what she wanted. That and a nicer house, which meant I had to get a promotion. I was working late, taking on extra assignments and kissing my boss' arse just to get that bump up the ladder. It was paying off, my sources told me it was now head to head between me and Kelly, and I had been there longer.

Kelly, however, had other appealing factors. Mainly two of them, large, juicy factors that bounced and jiggled under her tight shirts. It shouldn't have mattered, but our boss was known to fuck around and his string of conquests were the worst kept secret in the office. Interns, visiting negotiators, even a few of my married colleagues had all ended up in bed with him and whispers suggested that many were eager to return.

Lee was definitely in good shape. He hit the gym before work a few times a week and played rugby at the weekends and was a hulking brute of a man. I'm six foot and he had a good three inches on me and a muscular, broad shouldered body which met with much approval from the women of the department. Coupled with his dark, Italian looks and it wasn't a surprise that he was a hit with the ladies, I'd even caught Anne checking him out at parties before.

I decided to call it a day. The report was finished, and I could hand it in to Lee, look like the good hard working boy I was and then make it home for the end of the game. Either way, I'd be glad when the new hiring for Regional Manager was decided and I could stop all these pathetic career games. 

I rode the lift up, clutching the report in my hand and trying to figure out what pop classic was being ruined as muzak. It reached the chorus as the doors opened and I realised it was meant to be "9 to 5".

Lee's secretary, Barb, had left for the day, so I strolled past her desk and down the short corridor to the little room beyond. The door was ajar and I could hear soft murmuring, maybe Lee on the phone, I'd give a light knock and go in, leave the file on the desk and head home. I reached up to knock and just as my hand was about to touch wood froze.

Looking through the gap I could see that Lee wasn't on the phone and the soft murmuring was actually the encouragement he was giving to Kelly.

My jaw dropped. My boss sat, legs apart on his chair and kneeling, her face buried in his crotch, was my rival. Kelly was stripped to the waist, her large, heavy tits jiggling slightly as her head bobbed back and forth.

"That's it, baby, damn, you're good at this!" He said with a moan. 

Kelly's reply was a muffled, gagging sound and some hungry, wet slurping.

Should I burst in? Sneak away? My mind raced, undecided on either option. In the end I just stood there, frozen, my cock tenting the front of my trousers as I watched the sexiest woman in the office greedily sucking my boss off.

After a few moments my aching hard on was becoming uncomfortable and I could feel a small blob of precum wetting my boxers. I slowly crept away from the scene.

At Barb's desk I took a deep breath and steadied myself. I remembered the file, forgotten in my hand until now, and put it on Barb's desk and left quickly.

* * * * *

Anne was out when I got home, a note on the fridge told me her friend was having drama. I settled in to the match, but couldn't shift the image from Lee's office and soon I was ignoring the game entirely, leaning back and gripping my shaft tightly as I wanked myself to orgasm.

* * * * *

I thought about what to do all night, and over breakfast the following morning. But I couldn't decide.

I was thinking about it on the tube to work and started getting stiff again. I couldn't help it and I know for a fact at least three women sitting opposite saw by their giggles. 

At work I tried to focus on what I had to do and didn't look at Kelly when she strutted in a few minutes after me. A little after ten my phone rang and it was the husky, and ever so sexy voice of Babs on the other end.

"Hello, Dean." She purred.

"Morning, Babs. What can I do for you today?" 

"The boss got your report and he'd like you to come up and discuss it."

The report! Shit, I'd left it on her desk. Did he know that I'd seen him and Kelly? What would it mean if he had?

"Ummm, I'll be up in about five minutes."

I was nervous all the way up to the office and offered Babs a halfhearted smile. For once even her plunging neckline couldn't raise my spirits. She may be into her fifties, but Babs had kept in shape and boasted a pair of large, melon like breasts and gave off the aura of someone who was absolutely wild in the sack.

"Go on through, Dean." She said with a small smile.

I nodded and walked back to the door, which again was ajar. I paused and knocked.

"Yes?" Called Lee from within.

Opening the door slightly wider I tried my best to smile and seem relaxed.

"Alright, boss, you wanted to see me?"

"Yes, yes, about the report. Shut the door and come in." He gestured to the free chair opposite him.

Closing the door, I took a steadying breath and walked over to take my seat.

"I think we should go for the deal." I began, just wanting to fill the silence. "As I showed, they have some vital assets and while they've been losing for a while, it shouldn't be hard to turn it around. Seems like it's down to who they have over there at the moment, more than anything."

"Quite." Lee smiled. "Exactly my thoughts. We're going to make an offer today, Bill's handling it."

"Oh, good."

Silence stretched out, I didn't know what else there was to say.

"Dean. You dropped this off yesterday evening, right?"

"Yeah, um, just before I headed home."

"Working late. Good man!"

Lee rose from his chair and I looked up at him, big and powerful, his white suit showing the outlines of his muscles. He turned and looked out the window for a moment.

"So, what did you see?"

I started.

"Sorry?"

He turned and smiled broadly.

"Come on, Dean, we both know you wanted to give this directly to me. Earn a few brownie points, maybe swing that promotion. So, you'd have come to the door, wouldn't you? But you didn't knock, and I'd left it open. A mistake I don't intend making again."

He gave a small chuckle and gestured to the door I'd just closed.

"So, what did you see?"

Was this a trick? A trap of some sort?

"Ummm..."

Lee perched on the desk in front of me, standing over me like the teachers would in school.

"Go on." He coaxed.

"I saw Kelly sucking you off." The words flew from my mouth and I blushed, looking up, worried I'd annoyed him.

Why was I worried? I was in the right here, I had the power.

"Yes, yes you did." Lee smiled. "She's damn good at it too. The question is, what are you going to do about it?"

"I don't know. It depends..."

"On?"

"Who gets the promotion." God, I'd said it out loud. I was actually trying to blackmail my job.

"I still haven't decided. Kelly is currently in the lead." He shrugged. "But I have until next Monday. Don't I?"

"Yes." 

"But I'm guessing should I choose Kelly you'll tell people, right?"

"I-I might." My hands were trembling, I hope he wouldn't notice that. I felt suddenly small and vulnerable.

"I don't think you will." His voice was so certain. He shifted position, crossing his arms across his broad chest and opening his legs slightly. I couldn't help it, my eyes dropped to the tight, full bulge in the front of his trousers. 

"You see. It'll be your word against mine and Kelly, and you'll have no proof. You'll just look like the bitter loser smearing the winner." Lee smiled, and I knew he was right. "Even if you do get believed it would damage the business and you'd lose out. No, your best bet is to stay quiet and let things go on."

"But-but-the promotion?"

"Do you know why Kelly is in the lead?"

"Because she gave you a blow job?"

"Well, yes. And no." He smiled again, but it was a cold, hard smile. "Kelly and you are quite well matched on paper. Similar figures, both have solid networks of clients built up. It's all very close. The only thing you have over her is that you've been here a year or two more."

He shifted and again my eyes went to the bulge, which unless I was imagining things seemed even bigger.

"Kelly wants the job more." Lee continued. "You can see it in the way she carries herself. You can see it in the way she works. She just wants it more than you do. That's why she's willing to go further, and do more to make certain she gets it."

"Like sucking you off?"

"Exactly. You know Kelly's recently married, right? Of course, you do, she was wedding mad for months." Lee shrugged. "She's utterly smitten with her fella, so getting her to suck me off took a lot of convincing. Gentle hints, a few come ons, but nothing. Until yesterday, when I let the rumour out that you were the favourite. She came to see me. Begging. Pleading."

I had been watching him the whole time in amazement, it was so calculated, so cold, how he'd just gone for what he wanted. I felt a twinge for Kelly. Sympathy? Pity?

"And then I made her the offer. The offer to show me just how much she wanted it. And she did. Took off her top and then got down on her knees like a good girl, unzipped my trousers and showed me."

My eyed had fallen to the floor in shocked embarrassment as he relayed the story. My own cock had stiffened slightly, there was something about Lee's powerful voice and the way he'd broken Kelly that sent an erotic charge through me, despite my disgust at his actions.

"So, Dean. Like I said. It's close. But you can still do something to get back in the race."

I looked up and our eyes met.

"What can I do?" My voice, barely a whisper.

"Show me how much you want it." As he spoke he turned his hips towards me, so I was between his thighs and the bulge was definitely bigger.

I looked up at him in shock, then back at where I knew his hard cock waited.

"I'm not- not gay. I'm married, I have a wife." I babbled.

"I'm not gay either. And isn't Anne pushing you for this promotion. How will you explain that you had a chance and let it slip through your fingers?"

Oh god. Anne really wanted this for us. It would make our life a lot easier. Should I do this? Could I?

I looked at the bulge and I realised that part of me had already decided. I don't know where it came from, but some part of me wanted to undo those trousers. It wanted to kneel in front of Lee and suck his cock. Not because of the job, but for some other reason. I wanted to impress him.

I've always kinda hero worshipped Lee. His rep with the ladies, his success, his fitness, but was it something else?

God. I should just leave. Run out of the office, talk to Kelly and we could both report him. They'd have to believe us then, surely?

But I knew I wouldn't.

"I'm waiting."

Lee smirked at me, raising an eyebrow in silent question.

"Sorry, boss." The words came from habit. But they said it all. He was the boss, and I was the grovelling worm.

Face burning I eased myself forward, out of the chair and down onto my knees. I looked up at him and he smiled.

"Well, let him out." 

Still trembling, my hands reached forward and began undoing his belt, before undoing his pants and unzipping them. The smell of man, warm and musky reached me and I slowly eased down his boxers.

The cock that sprung forth, eager to stand proudly in the open, was a monster and it stood, thick and hard before me. The large, purplish head inches from my face. I licked my lips, suddenly dying to have this throbbing cock in my mouth and without further prompting I gripped the thick base firmly and moved towards it.

I wrapped my lips around the tip of monstrous member. It was my first experience with another man and one I will never forget, because instantly I liked the feeling of a hard, warm cock filling my mouth. I gave a small suck on the helmet, slurping like a greedy person devouring a lollipop and keeping my lips tight around him.

I remembered what I liked and did the same, flicking my tongue against the underside of his shaft and slowly sliding my lips further down the pulsing shaft. 

My own cock was aching hard now, but any worries about my sexuality didn't matter. All that mattered was the hard dick between my lips and pleasing Lee.

I started sucking greedily, bobbing my head as I tried to take more and more of it. But while I could feel the head banging against the back of my throat I knew there was an inch or two left. Taking it as far as I could made me gag slightly, and my eyes were watering, but I couldn't stop, I sucked it deep, loving the taste of his salty precum as it mixed with my saliva.

I gripped the base tightly, wanking him as I slurped at his cock, speeding up the bob of my head. It was clearly working because Lee was making soft moaning sounds and muttering instructions to me.

"That's it, you suck that cock you little bitch!"

This turned me on even more and I felt a thrill when a large, strong hand was placed on the back of my head, grabbing my short hair. I let him take control, pushing and pulling my head until he was pretty much fucking my face.

At one point he pushed my head all the way down and I began to choke and gag, tears streaming down my face. I tried to push away but my hands just batted helplessly against his thick, sturdy legs and I had to wait until he released me to gulp down air.

By now drool was all over my chin and cheeks, but I didn't try and wipe it away or even care, and eagerly returned to sucking him.

Within a few moments Lee let out a low grunt and grabbed my hair once more, pulling my mouth from his cock. Then he forced me lower.

"I'm close. Wank me."

I gripped his cock with both hands and began pumping it furiosly. He let out a moan, his head back in pleasure.

"You want this cum, bitch?"

"Fuck yes, sir."

"Get ready then, slut." He laughed and then with a loud groan of ecstasy his cock twitched in my hand and the first jet of thick, white cum splashed onto my cheek. I opened wide and the second salty squirt landed on my tongue, and I swallowed it without pause.

I kept jerking as I milked an impressively large load from those large, hairy balls. Most splashed my face, but I managed to swallow quite a bit and licked around my lips so I didn't waste any. 

Finally he stopped and his cock softened slightly, but was still impressively big. He didn't speak as he stepped away and put himself away.

"Good work." He patted my head, I should have been embarrassed but I was beaming with pride at having served him well. "You're back in front, Dean. Now get out of here."

"Yes, boss."

I got to my feet, slightly shaky and walked out. At her desk, Babs turned to look at me and giggled. "I'd tidy myself up before I went back down, Dean."

I nodded dumbly and walked to the bathroom. In the mirror I saw myself and I looked like a used up pornstar. Drool and cum coated my cheeks, which were flushed and my hair was messed where he'd grabbed it.

I walked into a cubicle and decided cleaning up had to wait, I needed to get a load off. Unzipping my cock was still aching hard and it didn't take more than two tugs before I sprayed into the bowl. My own orgasm seemed weak and small compared to what Lee had unloaded on my face, and I couldn't help feel it summed up the two of us.

I washed my face and was still smiling as I left. I'd been used like a total slut, and I'd loved it. I'd get that promotion and I'd make sure to show Lee how grateful I was.