 I'm a 31-year-old straight guy who broke up with my girlfriend several months ago. I decided to try online dating to meet some new girls. One in particular seemed interesting, so we set up a date. She looked different than her picture but was still attractive. We had dinner with her best friend and date, and then went for drinks at a small bar where they were regulars. We stood around the crowded bar having a few too many drinks and talked with the people they knew. I bought a round of drinks and asked their favorite bartender to start a tab. He obliged but said my beer was on the house. I was a little puzzled, but accepted the free drink. I returned to my date and we partied until last call. Then, I went to pay my bar tab. After we settled, he put his hand on my shoulder and said, "My name's Matt. Definitely, come back anytime." I was a little drunk and thought nothing of it until the next day. As I recovered from my hangover, I realized this guy had made a pass at me. At first, I was a little freaked out but also a little intrigued. I had a funny feeling in my stomach and felt a little aroused. I started to blow it off, but realized this could be a one-time opportunity with someone safe and friendly. He was clean cut and a few inches taller than me. I would have never guessed he swung that way.

I guess I should mention I had thought about trying this before. An old girlfriend and I played with dildos on a few occasions and I found it pleasurable, but it wasn't enough. While sometimes looking at porn, I wondered what it felt like for the woman to give head and be penetrated. I had even ventured into chat rooms a few times hoping to meet a man, but I was generally turned off by the come-ons and crudeness. I soon realized why women sometimes complained about men. Was this my chance to finally experience this and find out if I might enjoy it? I had accidentally met someone who was seemingly nothing like those in the chat rooms. Maybe I should go for it and finally get my bi-curious itch scratched.

I waited a day and thought more about it. Then, I couldn't remember the name of the bar or where it was located since we took a cab. I searched the Yellow Pages and couldn't find it. After deciding to go out with the girl again, I emailed her and casually asked her the name of the bar. She would probably die if she knew why. 'So how do I do this?' I thought. 'Do I call and ask for Matt, and if so, what do I say? Do I just wander in for a drink? How do guys do it? Is it like chatting up a woman?' My thoughts ran rampant. Getting a little horny, I decided to go for it. It took a few drinks to get up the courage, but I finally went for it. I drove past the bar three times before parking. I walked past the door a couple of times then finally went inside. Of course, he wasn't working Monday night. However, he would be in the next night. Shit, was it ever going to happen?

All day at work, I couldn't focus. I felt flush and lightheaded. I was terrified but determined this was going to finally be it. Whether or not I liked it, I was going to try it. I wanted to find out what it was like to, let's admit it, be made love to by another man. Wait, what if I had read the signs wrong? I have no idea how these things work. After feeling let down, I decided to go with my instinct; I knew I had been hit on. I felt like I might explode as the afternoon dragged on. Finally, I left work early and rushed home. I began to feel less nervous as I prepared. I had waited for this for a long time and I was going to go through with it. I took my time getting ready. I enjoyed a long hot bath, ate an early dinner then dressed in my best black shirt and tight jeans. I made it until 7:00 p.m. and decided to go in.

I nervously found my way to the bar and took a seat. Matt wasn't at the bar, so I ordered a drink from another bartender. Over my shoulder, I heard a man's voice.

"I thought you'd be back." It was Matt. "Beer's on the house."

I smiled slightly as I nervously took large gulps of my drink. I asked, "What makes you think I'd be back?"

"Just a hunch," he replied confidently. I laughed nervously, but couldn't respond. He continued, "No date tonight?"

"No, I just felt like having a drink after a long day at work."

"Have another beer then come to the back, if you want. I'm doing a little inventory tonight. I'm not behind the bar."

I was already so nervous, I was shaking; then, a wave of heat rolled over me and I thought I might pass out. I felt a tingling in my groin as I tried to say, "Ok," but it was only a whisper.

Matt laughed. "What?"

I could only nod my head. He left for the back. I ordered a shot. The lady bartender said, "Go on back, he doesn't bite," and gave me a smile. I couldn't feel my body as I got up and headed to the rear of the bar. There was a small office inside the stockroom with neatly stacked boxes. He was sitting at the desk in the office and told me to come in. I quietly walked in and stood against the wall – as far away as possible and still be in the room. I had that feeling again and stood awkwardly. My mind raced and I couldn't think straight. He noticed I was uncomfortable. To break the ice, he asked me to help him with a couple of boxes. I practically bolted out of the office into the stock room.

He said, "You seem nervous, don't be. Here read the numbers off of these boxes, so I can check them on the list." 

I had to clear my throat, and mind, so I could speak. "All done," Matt said, "Thanks."

I said, "No problem," and started to leave.

"Leaving so soon?" Matt asked.

"I feel kind of awkward."

"Hey, don't worry about" Matt said as he approached me.

I stiffened against the wall with my arms pressed against it, palms flat. I felt like I might slide down the wall, melting and terrified. Matt looked directly at me as he was only a few feet away and said, "I think I know what you need, but let me know if I'm wrong." I felt another wave of heat rush over me. My stomach was full of butterflies, queasy. My face was so hot, I felt like I might start sweating. I was so hard, I strained against my tight jeans and every heartbeat thrummed through my entire body. I stared at the floor as he moved closer. I swallowed hard and jumped as I felt his hands on my waist.

"Is this ok?" He asked.

I nodded. 

He said, "Look up." I did. He moved in more closely. I could smell his cologne. He closed his eyes. I watched and tilted my head back as our lips finally met. His kiss was soft, yet powerful; he gently slid his tongue into my mouth. He moved his hands from my waist to my back and pulled me away from the wall. My breathing was heavy now. Our heads made slow circular motions as our tongues probed each other's mouths.

He pulled back slightly and said, "How was that?" Silently, I leaned forward for more. He leaned in and trailed his lips along my jaw to my ear and I could feel his hot breath as he asked, "Would you like to go back to my place for a glass of wine?" I said, "Yeah, alright."

He smiled and returned, "Have patience, just enjoy yourself and don't rush it. Look, I don't sleep around. I broke up with my boyfriend several months ago. I thought we had a connection and you seem like a nice guy."

"Yeah, you're right," I mumbled.

"You can go out the back, if you'll be embarrassed going out front now." He continued, "I really should stay and work for a couple more hours, but I guess I'll need to leave early tonight. Pull your car around back and follow me home."

I followed him home. Nervous and filled with anticipation, I couldn't feel my body as I drove. After what seemed like an eternity, we finally arrived at his house and parked. We walked to the door. He smiled, the put his key into the lock and entered. As we walked into the living room, I heard a female voice greet us. I was a little upset when I saw he had a roommate. She was very attractive, wearing short shorts, a revealing tank top and no shoes. Matt introduced us and told me to have a seat. He disappeared into the kitchen. I was very uncomfortable, but she seemed very casual and nonchalant as she watched her movie.

She looked at me and said, "You guys can use the hot tub tonight."

I had a wide-eyed look of shock after her comment, but tried to relax. Matt beckoned me into the kitchen. He embraced me and kissed me. Honestly, I have to admit that I was still thinking about his roommate at that moment when he spoke.

"Don't get any ideas about her, you are with me tonight," Matt cautioned. He reached down and said, "Hmm, what's this?"

I had had a raging hard-on all evening. Under his touch, I felt as though I might burst from the emotions and excitement. I pressed my hips forward as he rubbed me, needing release from the constriction of my tight jeans. I felt his breath on my neck; he kissed me, nibbled my ear lobe. I felt his wet tongue in my ear. I couldn't take it.

Suddenly, I blurted, "Make love to me."

My thoughts raged, 'Wait a minute, had his roommate heard me?' I felt awkward and pulled away slightly.

Matt smiled. "I'll get a bottle of wine. Go back and enjoy the movie."

I felt flush as I went back into the living room and sat down again. Matt walked into the living room and poured all three of us a glass of wine. Then, he turned around, walked down the hallway and disappeared into his room. He appeared in the hallway a minute later and waved me back to him. Uneasily, I got up. I was in turmoil. His roommate watched; so much for experimenting a little without anyone knowing!

He had lit about 10 candles put on some nice music. As I entered the room, he came to me and grasped my hands, fingers interlocking. The candles were flickering and I breathed in their aroma as he gave me a soft slow French kiss. He reached around, grabbed my ass and pulled me close; our manhoods pressed into each other for the first time. I melted wondering if I was in a dream. He led me to his bed and pushed me softly onto my back. He spread my legs with his as he pressed into me. He teased me as I tried to kiss him and smiled. He rose up on his arms and looked into my eyes.

"Lets get these pants off of you," Matt said.

He moved off of the bed and pulled off my shoes and socks, then grabbed the bottoms of my jeans. I raised my hips and unfastened my buttons. He yanked off my pants. He saw my black thong and asked with knowing grin, "Ex-girlfriends?" I felt embarrassed, but I was engorged and relieved to be free. I adjusted myself, finally feeling comfortable. I had been so aroused while getting ready that I had chosen a pair of my ex-girlfriend's thongs to wear that evening. He slid off his shirt while I removed mine. He had a hairless chest and nice abs.

Noticing my attention to his chest, he explained, "I'm a Triathlete, so I keep my entire body shaved. Hope you don't mind."

I didn't mind and said so. I stood and moved close; we embraced and kissed again. He slid his finger into the top of my thong and pulled it back; then, he backed away ever so slightly to slide them down off of me. He cupped my balls then rubbed while looking into my eyes. I asked him to get on the bed while I walked over to lock the door. Simply shutting the door wasn't enough. I felt so aroused walking naked and barefoot across the soft carpet. My cock was so hard that it barely bobbed with each step. As I walked back, he was laying on the bed with his hands behind his head.

Matt said, "What do you want?"

"Shhh, my turn."

I crawled cat-like from the foot of the bed, then sat staring at his crotch. I fumbled with his zipper. He helped me unfasten them then pushed them a little past his cock. He wasn't wearing underwear and as I stared at his cock, I realized this was the moment I'd been craving. He was enormous and appeared to be pulsating. I continued to look then grasped it. It was like holding a python. I looked at the head, thinking it looked just like mine, thinking about the many times I had looked at pictures and wondering how it would taste, how it would feel in my mouth. I licked the tip and kissed it. I closed my eyes and I took it into my mouth. I felt the warmth and tasted him for the first time. He had a slight musky odor, not unlike going down on a woman, and it was nice. I couldn't believe how hard something could be, yet at the same time, so soft and velvety. I sucked gently on his head, swirling my tongue around the edges. I took him in, sucking and licking, giving my best, tasting his manhood. I got into a rhythm, enjoying the slurping sounds and the light pop his cock made each time he came out of my mouth. Matt let out a soft "oh" and "that's nice" as a long sigh.

Completely uninhibited, I sucked his cock, deep-throating until my eyes watered. I cracked a little smile as his small patch of pubic hair tickled my nose.

"Slow down," he said, "lick my balls a little."

I ran my tongue back and forth along his inner thigh, rubbing his shaved legs with my hands. I moved my face under his balls and breathed deep as I smelt his strong musky odor. I flicked my tongue then gently sucked on his balls. I made my way up his body and licked his stomach. His flesh was tan, tight and a little salty. I teased his nipples, biting and then blowing on the wetness left behind by my mouth. He rolled over on top of me. Again, I enjoyed the wetness of his kiss as he pressed his cock hard against mine. I wrapped my legs around him and begged.

"Fuck me," I whimpered.

He smiled. "Be patient, we have all night."

I smiled too. I ran my fingers lightly up his back and enjoyed the feel of a naked man against me, skin to skin, feeling his taught muscular body. We slowly ground our hips into each other, rubbing our cocks together. I ached to feel the fullness of him inside me, but I tried to enjoy the moment as he embraced me. He pulled me to my knees, got on all fours and took my cock into his mouth. I watched in the mirror as this gorgeous man sucked my cock, touching me and fulfilling my fantasies. I begged him again to fuck me. He continued to suck me as his hand made its way to my ass. He tried to slide a finger into my ass and I winced a little at the discomfort. He licked his finger and slid it in more easily.

"Enough," he said. "Let's go to the hot tub.

It'll relax you more and you need to relax for this to be enjoyable."

We stood. I wrapped my arms around him and he pulled me close. I looked down at our cocks touching, looking as if they were looking back at us. I enjoyed the beautiful site for a moment before he spoke.

"Everything ok?"

I smiled and replied, "Yes."

I felt uninhibited and free. I knew I'd met a nice guy who would make passionate love to me. I knew what it was like to feel another man in my arms, another man's naked body close to mine. I knew I was sharing something special with Matt only two men can share. He gave me a towel to wrap around me and he did the same with is own towel. He grabbed the wine, matches, candles, condoms and lube. Only a little while ago, I would have felt uncomfortable walking past his roommate. However, now all I thought about was Matt's hard cock and how I wanted more. I wanted this man to take me, to make love to me. We got to the hot tub and took off our towels. I stared at his body and hard dick, wanting him the entire time, as we stepped into the hot tub. It was relaxing, but I couldn't keep my hands off of him. We began passionately kissing and I maneuvered onto his lap facing him.

"Let me suck it," I said in a quick whisper.

He rose and sat on the edge of the hot tub. I put my head in his lap and my lips on his cock once again. I worked his cock, sucking, licking and slurping with abandon. I was enjoying every texture and taste. Between his groans, he told me to stop for a moment. He pulled me towards him. I got on the ledge next to the hot tub. The difference between the piping hot water and the cool night air on my wet skin was invigorating and gave me goose bumps. He took my cock into his mouth. I gasped and watched. He set a nice rhythm and slid a finger into my hole, probing my ass to get me ready. I took a big sip of wine and almost choked as he slid two fingers into me. To distract me, he sucked my cock harder. I was so aroused, I could only moan at the slight pain and pleasure as he worked two fingers in me using only water for lubrication.

He stopped sucking and said in a commanding voice, "Get up. Now, I'm going to blow your mind."

Thrilled, I obliged and got on all fours just as he directed. Spread wide to his gaze and dripping wet on the deck of the hot tub, I was harder and more aroused than I'd ever been in my life. I thought I knew what was next and I guessed right when I felt his tongue flick at my ass. He licked, teasing me mercilessly; then dove in, sticking his tongue into me and fucking me with his mouth. I trembled and shook from the pleasure.

Reduced to whimpering, I could only beg, "For God's sake, make love to me." Without awaiting instructions, I turned over and lay down.

He moved on top of me, kissed me, pressed his cock against mine and said, "Do you want this inside of you?"

"Yes", I pleaded. "Give it to me before I explode."

He sat up and grabbed a condom. Before he could open the package, I asked for it. I wanted to try something I'd read about and seen a demonstration of on the web. I took the condom out of the package, put it in my mouth then pushed it onto his cock. I was only half successful, but rolled it the remainder of the way by hand. I laid back and watched as he grabbed the lube and rubbed it on his hard cock. He fingered me a little then I felt the slickness and coolness as he lubed my ass.

With a hint of uncertainty, I said, "I think I'm ready now."

Looking in my eyes, Matt leaned forward guiding his cock towards my ass. I sighed in pleasure as I felt a cock touch my hole for the first time. He rubbed the head around in circles then pressed forward. It felt incredible, but as he pushed in the head, I winced at the pain. He backed off and his soft voice and gentle hands comforted me. Again, he tried to enter me. I was so tight; he simply couldn't get it in.

He was gentle and encouraging. "I know you want it missionary, but we might have to try a different position to get you loosened up."

Again, I got on all fours on the deck, my ass in the air. He spread my checks wide and prepared to mount me. As he pressed his cock into me, I could only moan and I push back against him. I breathed deep then tried to relax as the head popped past my outer sphincter. He held still and told me to relax as he caressed my cheeks and hips.

He warned, "The next part is the hard part."

Gently, he pressed deeper, and when it hurt, he stopped. I was so turned on that the pain almost felt good. However, it still hurt, so he backed off after each small push. Finally, I told him to hold still, I took a deep breath and pushed myself onto him. My fingernails dug into the wooden deck and I pushed until I felt him pop fully inside of me. I let out a gasp as the pain faded and enjoyed the feel of a man inside of me for the first time. I felt full and stretched; I tingled all over.

In short, quick, panting breaths I said, "Hold on a sec."

As I gained my composure and started moving back and forth, he took over. Slowly, he began with slow, half pumps and drove me wild with ecstasy. He pushed deep and with the first long stroke, rubbed my prostate with the head of his dick. Raising my head and arching my back, I felt a bolt of pleasure shoot through my body. He slid in fully then remained still for a second before he began fucking me with full long strokes. I thought he might rip me open and "faster" escaped my lips in a ragged whisper. He increased speed and our bodies made a loud slapping noise as they met. Suddenly, I felt the emptiness as he pulled out.

"Roll over and spread you legs," he said.
