 Copyright © 2013 Naoko Smith

Please leave comments and feedback for me so I know what works and what doesn't as I write up the rest of this story. 

Big thank you to Bramblethorn for the continued editing. 

This series has two kinds of chapters: story chapters, called '(story)' in the blurb and sex scenes, called '(scene)' in the blurb. The sex scenes will be diverse. You can choose to read them all or, if e.g. hetero sex isn't your thing, to skip some and only read the story chapters and e.g. lesbian sex scenes. (You can identify which scenes are what kind of sex from the tags, the category the chapter is uploaded into and description at the start of the scene.)

All characters in this story are fictional. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, is coincidental. 

This chapter is a gay sex scene. 

*****

A Pack of Tales Ch. 12 - Gavin and Rob

 "I always loved you." 

Gavin parked up his car, got out and went to the farmhouse door. He was not surprised that there were no other vehicles in the yard: it was lunchtime, but it was a working day. His Da would be sitting on a fallen tree or in the four-wheel base vehicle, eating thick-cut sandwiches stuffed with meat. Col and the cubs would have the same on whatever site they were working at. Max would be lording it over select snacks provided for particular guests at some important do. Red might have sneaked out for a bite and a snog off her new girlfriend; Gavin chuckled at the thought. 

He just happened to be passing. He said to himself that there was no particular reason he tended these days to come by when only his mam was in the house. 

When he walked into the kitchen he was surprised not to find her there. It was all tidy, no cups with the dregs of tea left by the sink or on the big pine table. 

He walked back out, turning into the living-room just to check. He knew she must have got someone to drive her down to the shops or the station. He would have heard the noise of her bustling about if she had been in the house. 

He went into the sitting-room and found Robin lying over the hearthrug, leaning on one elbow and playing at that game they were all hooked on, on his tablet. He had earphones over his ears and was glaring hard at the screen. Col must've left him behind, perhaps he'd been lazy and slow to get out of bed that day. They had little work in hand and Col probably felt he could do without the additional bother of making up tasks for Rob. Gavin was obliged to walk right up to the fit muscular being lounging over the hearthrug before Robin looked up and saw him. 

Gavin was laughing and starting to say something teasing. He had lifted his foot to poke Robin in that hard washboard of a tummy. 

Robin pulled off the headphones and, putting the tablet aside, surged suddenly up from the hearthrug. He came up right in Gavin's arms: young and muscular, trembling with the hormones gushing through him. Gavin never had a chance to think about it. His arms wrapped tight around the young thing who was so close to him. Robin's hard strong grip cinched his chest and pulled him in. Their lips met in the passionate kiss Gavin had been avoiding for so long. 

Robin's tongue was pressing hard on his mouth. Robin was whining in the kiss. Gavin opened his mouth and sucked on the tongue that came shoving desperately in. He stroked down Robin's quivering back with an automatically soothing caress, while his tongue entwined Robin's in the wetness of his mouth. Robin was still gripping him as if for his life. So reluctantly he eventually withdrew from Gavin's kiss. 

The minute his mouth parted from Robin's, it came over Gavin what he had done. "Oh fuck, fuck!" he moaned. "Mam's gonna kill me! Fuck fuck." 

He tried to let Robin go but the cub clung to him. He pulled gently at Robin's arms. 

"For Christ's sake," he said. "I'll lose me job, butt. Give over." 

"No no!" Robin moaned. "I'm begging you, Gav! Don't let me go, don't let me go now." His tousled blond head came nestling in to Gavin's shoulder, he pressed kisses to Gavin's thin neck. 

"I can't!" Gavin said. "It's me job, and mam 'll kill me." 

"Why should you lose your job? I'm well over age," Robin pleaded. 

"What, me mam's foster child! And I'm working for the social. What do you think they'll say about it?" 

"I'm not a kiddy, Gav," Robin said. "Please! please! I've been waiting and waiting, and I've never found anyone but you. I'm begging you, Gav. Gavin." He drew the name out as he said it, in that whining possessive way that tried to claim you: Gavi-in. 

"You need someone your own age," Gavin insisted, pulling at Robin's arms. 

"I fucking don't!" Robin shouted, clinging to him. "I'm telling you, I've tried! Going down to the clubs, and Col's told Max not to let any of the older men near me. I don't fancy the other young men and Max warns off the older ones who hang out there." 

"Too fuckin' right!" Gavin exclaimed. "Bunch of predatory pervs, preying on young lads, trying to get them to go bareback or whatever." 

"But you're not," Robin said. "You wouldn't screw me over." 

Gavin fell silent, standing in the powerful embrace, held hard against the curving pectorals of Robin's muscular chest. He couldn't help it. The kid was fucking gorgeous: a big tousled blond lovely with a slow smile like the summer sun. His cock had hardened up as soon as Robin's lips met his, and it was throbbing now with lust. 

It was just lust! He couldn't do it. He'd kept his feelings secret, even from himself, for so long. He couldn't do it to the kid. 

The grip of the strong arms around his chest insisted that this was no kid any more. A young animal, maybe, but one who was maturing into a hell of a guy. There was no way that Gavin, with his feeble desk worker's physique, would be able to get some fully fit young werewolf, who spent his days heaving concrete slabs about, off of him. And his will was as weak as his arms. The thought of struggling and being pinned down by the lithe muscular being in his arms was making his cock throb even harder. 

"Jesus, Robin," he breathed into the ear by his mouth. "What the fuck do you want me for?" 

"I love you," Robin said simply. "I always have." 

Gavin knew it was the truth. 

Going up the stairs on autopilot, he led Robin to his old room rather than to Robin's room. It was just as it had been when he left to go to college: posters on the wall, whatever. He used it sometimes if he stopped over so his mam always kept the bed made up. Only a little single bed, they'd be a right squeeze in that! But that was what they wanted. 

They stood kissing long and tenderly. Robin was even more excited to be in Gavin's room, Gavin realised he must've been fantasising being fucked senseless in here for years. 

After a while, he began to undress the cub. He took his time, enjoying it. He caressed the pale skin, the rippling muscles on Robin's body as he pulled off his t-shirt. He pulled off his own jacket and shirt and pressed Robin to his thin bare chest, Robin let out a long whine as his skin kissed Gavin's skin. 

The scruffy chewed trainers were dragged off. How many times had Gavin laughed and said: "Give over, mam, he can't help it," when Christa gave Robin yet another earful because the kid had gnawed through some expensive designer trainers his dad had got him as a special treat. 

Gavin pulled Robin's jeans undone and down, and there was Robin's cock jutting proud and eager for him. It looked small because the thighs around it were huge - knotted tree trunks. Like Gavin cared about size. This was no fantasy fuck. He went to his knees and took Robin's cock gently in his mouth and sucked softly, raising his eyes to look in the lad's golden-brown eyes. The hard rod was protruding from the foreskin, Gavin tasted the salt lick of precum already oozing from the head of Robin's cock. 

Robin was shaking and whining with lust. Gavin stood up and hugged him tenderly. He felt Robin pulling at his trousers, he let Robin pull them down. 

He stood naked in the embrace of the muscled young werewolf, ashamed of his slack muscles. Robin's hands were gripping eagerly over his body, cupping with a sigh of pleasure on Gavin's flat buttock. 

"Better get this on before you get your collar off," Gavin murmured, pulling open a drawer in his bedside table to fish out a condom. 

"I'm a virgin!" Robin protested. "And I can trust you." 

"Don't be a plonker," Gavin scoffed. "Just get it on. C'mon my sweetheart," he crooned. 

"Oh fuck," Robin whispered. The huskily murmured endearment overpowered him. He felt molten, soft in Gavin's hands - except for his cock, which was a hard throbbing rod. He heard Gavin rip open the wrapper and firm fingers rolled the thin rubber over his tool. "Oh My God!" Robin moaned. Gavin was putting some lube to his own arse and now his fingers had come up to pull the buckle in Robin's plain brown collar. 

Robin felt the fur bursting out over his body, the surge of animal lust spurting up in him. He gave a howl as he fell into the narrow bed with Gavin. He buried his snout in Gavin's neck, nipping at it. Gavin made small cries and spread his legs. He was holding Robin's shaft, he positioned the head at his arsehole and Robin thrust in. 

They both cried out with pleasure. Robin began pushing in and out, hard and fast, Gavin rising up to meet his thrusting shaft. Gavin clung to the warm familiar furry bundle in his arms, feeling the pleasure in bursts through his own body. Fired up by the long sexy caressing he had enjoyed while undressing Robin, he was coming already, and Robin too. With a howl, Robin thrust down hard into him. Gavin began spurting off himself between their two stomachs. 

Robin was slowly changing. Gavin was lying back in his small single bed, dazed with pleasure. His arms were full of sweating panting human muscle lying heavy over him. He turned his head to look into Robin's face. They kissed. 

"My sweetheart," he murmured. Robin gave a whine and a wriggle of pleasure in his arms.