 I got a pleasurable little involuntary twitch in my mangina when I saw that the new message in my inbox was from denhorny69, which yes, is a terribly dumb email address, but hey. We weren't conducting official business here, so...

"What's up? I had a great time with you last weekend. The wife is out for couple of hours today and I've been thinking about tapping your hot ass again all week. You got time to play?"

Last weekend denhorny had been the first dude to fuck my ass, and I had been fantasizing about riding his cock again all week myself.

"Yeah, I have some time," I typed back, my hands shaking a bit in anticipation. "When and where?"

"Better be your place," the reply pinged in a few minutes later, "in about an hour."

I had a terrible idea. "Awesome. Here's the address." I typed in my ex wife's address. I was supposed to feed her cat later that day, while she and her new husband were out of town for the weekend.

I cleaned myself up and headed out. 

When I got there, I still had about 20 minutes to kill, so I went through L's underwear drawer until I found the lacy black thong I was looking for, took my boxer briefs off and slid it on over my semi-erect cock and up into the crack of my ass. It felt a little scratchy at first, but I quickly got used to it and when I looked at my pert, juicy booty in the mirror, I knew I had a hit on my hands. 

I had just slid my jeans back on when there was a knock on the door. Denhorny was about 40, either Latino or Italian, and had a little bit of scruff. Not bad looking, but not modeling for Abercrombie either. I opened the door, looked around to make sure none of L's neighbors saw me let him into the house, and closed the door behind us.

"What's up?" He asked. 

"Nada," I answered, trying to keep it casual. 

He took a step toward me and hesitated as if he wasn't sure what to do next. I stepped forward also, close enough put my hand on his hip, and slide it up under his T-shirt, pulling myself a little closer. 

He was a few inches taller than me, maybe five ten. I tilted my head back slightly and let my mouth drop open a bit. He leaned in until our lips were barely brushing, still a bit awkward. My breath caught as my heart started pounding. He reached his rough right hand up to the back of my neck and leaned further down, pulling my face up to meet his. We kissed full on the mouth, slowly and sensually at first, just tasting and exploring, but gradually becoming more and more lusty as our chemistry took over and our instincts told us what to do.

I still had my hand on the bare skin of his back and with the other I gripped the back of his neck, practically climbing up him to get more of his tongue in my mouth. Holy fuck, this guy could kiss! 

He pulled away, then put his mouth on the tender part of my neck just below my ear, the contrast of scratchy beard and soft lips making me a little lightheaded.

While his mouth was on my neck his hands were at the small of my back crushing my body against his. He slid one hand under my shirt, the light touch sending little jolts of pleasure from the sensitive skin there, directly to my now fully hard cock.

He slipped his other hand down the back of my jeans, over the lacy waistband of my thong and felt my bare ass cheek.

"What are you wearing?" he rasped into my ear.

"You'll see in a few," I whispered back, my lips grazing his neck. But I wasn't ready to show him just yet. I took a step back and put my hand on the bulge in denhorny's black nylon sweats, and kissed him on the mouth again as I gripped his erection through the slippery fabric.

Then I put both hands inside the front of his elastic waistband, and pulled it out, over his dick, and down as I dropped to my knees in front of him, releasing his cock at the same time. It sprang free and hung just inches from my face. 

It was glorious, this cock: about 7 inches long and uncut. Veiny and thick, with a purple cast and a nice girth, which widened about an inch and a half down from the head. And it was like... substantial. You knew just looking at it it how it would feel heavy and perfect in your hand if you were stroking it while you kissed his nipples. You knew just how it would fill your mouth. It was the kind of member that gave you all sorts of fun ideas, the kind of dick that would turn a guy into a full on raging cockaholic after just one good fucking.

Yes, a nice cock all in all. I put my hands on his hips and leaned forward to slowly lick the underside of it from the heavy balls at its base, up to the head. I looked up into his heavy-lidded eyes as I pulled back the foreskin, wet my full lips and then put the tip in my mouth. 

I worked the shaft slowly with my hand and slid my mouth further onto it.

"Mmmmm." He was moaning softly and rocking back and forth a bit, his hands tangled in my hair. "Oh baby, your mouth feels so good. You know, you're the first one I ever hooked up with twice. I just couldn't get enough of this sweet mouth and ass." I bobbed up and down faster and deeper, wanting to get every inch of him inside my eager mouth.

I pulled away and stood up, allowing him to step out of his pants.

"Let's go to the back," I told him, and led him by the hand to the bedroom L and I had once shared. 

I pushed him onto the bed, leaned over to kiss him and give his cock another stroke. I could barely keep my hands off it. I stepped back, unbuttoned my jeans and let them fall to the floor, then lifted my shirt over my head, exposing my own hard six and a half inches as they strained against the thong. 

Denhorny69 looked like he wanted to devour me. He leaned back with a slight smirk.

"Turn around." 

I turned around and heard him stand and remove his shirt. He stepped up against me, his chest against my back, hard cock poking at the small of my back. He ran his hands up and down my torso, palmed both ass cheeks, and nuzzled my neck from behind, then took one hand, grabbed my hair and pulled my head back to get his mouth more fully onto my neck. 

With his other hand he reached around to cup my cock and pull me to him.

I pushed back against his warm skin, as we started to gyrate slowly together, bodies moving in time.

"Goddamn, you're hot," he whispered. "I'm gonna fuck you so goddamn good." 

I moaned softly, turned around and pushed him to the bed again. Then I dropped to my knees to let him see my ass, framed by the black lace, as I sucked his exquisite cock some more. He ran his hands down my back and slapped my ass. I moved it in circles, showing off and keeping his dick in my mouth.

"Stop. I'm gonna cum. Get up here." 

I stopped and climbed up to straddle him, kissing up his stomach and chest as I went. When I got to his mouth we kissed some more, passionate now, almost rough. He pushed me off.

"Lay on your stomach so I can look at you."

I laid on my stomach and he brushed his fingertips slowly from my shoulders all the way down to my ass. I closed my eyes when I felt his hot breath at the base of my neck as he held himself up over me, one knee between my legs.

"Oh yeah, I gonna fuck you sooo good."

He started to massage me, working my shoulders and lats, licking and kissing his way down my back. Then his mouth was on my left ass check, as he massaged my right with his hand, alternating between firm squeezing and gentler stroking, occasionally brushing a thumb against my rosebud, sending electric current throughout my body.

He pushed my legs further apart, and spread my cheeks, licking closer and closer to my pulsing cunt. I raised my ass a little, opening myself to his lips and tongue. He pulled the string of the thong out of my crack, spread me open with his hands and started to lick me, from the back of my balls to my pussy, lingering there to move his tongue in ever-tightening circles. He flicked quickly, then licked slowly, switching it up to keep me guessing and to keep my ass practically twitching in anticipation.

Then he pushed his firm tongue into my tight wet hole and slowly fucked me with it.

"Ohmyfuckingod," I moaned under my breath. "Lick my pussy. Lick my pussy. Lick my pussy. You're getting me so fucking wet, baby." I pushed my ass up into his face to give him more of what he wanted. 

"Stop." I turned over onto my back. "I want to watch you lick my cunt." 

He put his powerful shoulders under my legs, spread my cheeks again with both hands, and gave my ass a full-on open mouth kiss, sucking my taint, and then pushing his tongue in again as far as he could, reaching up with one hand to stroke my raging hard on. I put my hands on his broad, dark shoulders to feel the muscles work under his skin, and watched his head bob up and down as he licked my hole. It was one of the most amazing things I'd ever seen and felt. 

I threw my head back, arched my back and pushed the back of his head down. Feeling his beard rough against my sensitive inner thighs as he continued to tongue-fuck me just about sent me over the edge. 

"Don't make me cum until you fuck me," I begged.

His only response was a muffled grunt and a nod as he reluctantly pulled away from my sweet ass. I raised my hips to let him pull the thong up over my cock and off before tossing it aside. 

I reached for the oil that I had placed on the night stand, and got up onto my knees. 

"Lay down; I think I'm going to have to ride you." 

He laid on his back, amazing cock still stiff at attention. I drizzled some of the oil onto the head, and watched, mesmerized as it dripped slowly down the shaft. I leaned in to lick the pre-cum leaking out, while oiling my ass up, slipping a finger into myself to prepare. With my other hand I spread the oil up and down his dick.

Once I had slicked his cock up and worked oil into my ass, I threw a leg over him, straddling him so that his cock was just behind me. I reached back to stroke him, showing off my hard cock and now oily abs. I raised myself up on my knees just enough to let the underside of his shaft slip slowly between my balls and my inner thigh a couple of times. His hands were on my thighs as he looked up at me with unrestrained lust in his eyes.

I raised myself a bit more, placed the tip of his cock against my ass hole, then settled down onto it. It burned. 

"You're gonna have to go slow," I murmered, not sure if I was talking to him or to myself. I felt like I was in a trance. I applied a little more pressure again, and he pushed up gently. It still burned as the tip slipped inside me, so I rested there, just getting used to the feeling again. 

"Take your time baby," he whispered. "You're so hot. It's gonna totally be worth it when I start pumping you." I loved the way he was talking to me, his voice so thick and buttery with desire, I just had to take another inch. Then another. The burning subsided, as I relaxed, replaced with this amazing feeling of fullness and warmth. Finally I settled all of my weight onto his cock. 

He was completely inside me. I leaned back, eyes closed. I clenched as if I were doing kegels and he moaned. I rocked back and forth, reveling in the feeling, trying out different angles. When it hit my p-spot, my cock twitched and started to leak pre-cum. 

Denhorny reached up and spread it around the head of my dick with his finger. The combination of his rough hand, the slick, then sticky pre-cum, his seven inches all up inside me was almost overwhelming. 

I raised myself up again, slowly sliding up his shaft, squeezing as I went, trying to feel every vein. Then I bounced down hard with a grunt. Then a slow slide up again, and again squeezing as hard as I could. I repeated this a few times until I felt like I was loosened up enough to let him start to really fuck me. 

"OK. Do whatever you want with me now."

He pulled me to him for another passionate kiss, our tongues eagerly exploring. 

"I want you on your stomach again." I slowly climbed off his cock, suddenly feeling a void when it popped out of my hole. I lay on my stomach, legs spread. I could feel the warmth of his body as he hovered and positioned himself. Then the fleshy, transcendent, hard, silky-soft firmness of his cock again against my ass. He pushed it into me slowly, hands on either side of my shoulders. 

As he began to plow me, he leaned down to whisper into my ear. "This isn't gonna take me very long today, baby." 

Now I don't know why, but hearing this dark, macho, married guy call me baby as he fucked my tight ass just made me feel all warm and gooey inside, at the same time it just about drove me crazy with lust. I pushed my ass back against him as much as I could as we moved in time. I wanted him as deep inside me as possible. 

The friction of his cock against my sphincter was turning me into jelly. Then he slowed and put the entire length of his body on mine, our arms spread over my head, his hands holding mine down as I gripped the sheet. He just lay there for a moment, dominating me with just his weight, seven amazing inches of cock in my guts. 

"You have a nice back," he breathed against my shoulder. "I love watching and feeling your muscles while I fuck your ass. It makes me crazy." 

I moaned and moved my hips, trying to get his cock even deeper. He kissed the spot where my firm shoulder meets my neck. My cock twitched beneath me. "Oh fuck yes. That cock makes me crazy. You know how to take care of this sweet ass." 

He started to thrust again, and I could tell he was almost there. He raised himself up on his knees and hands so he could get full, deep heavenly thrusts and started to pump my ass. 

I moaned and relaxed my pussy as much as I could, just savoring the feeling of his long strokes.

"Oh. Oh. Oh. Fuck yes. Fuck yes. Fuck me. Aaaah."

His thrusting sped up. Faster. Faster. He was panting now, kissing me between the shoulder blades as he fucked me so deep and so hard.

Then he slowed and I could feel his body trembling against me. A couple more deep, deep thrusts. 

"Oh fuck yeah, cum inside me. Cum inside me. I want you to cum inside me." 

Somehow I could feel him become even more engorged as I pushed my ass up against his abdomen. He thrust and I pushed back, and then I could feel his beautiful cock jerking inside me, filling me up with his cream. 

"Ah! Ah. Aaaah!" With every twitch he gave a ragged groan.

He pulled out and leaned back on his knees. I rolled over onto my back and stared into his half closed eyes as I stroked my own cock, thrusting and pumping my fist. He watched, a little slack-jawed, and licking his lips. When I came, the first shot went over my shoulder, the rest onto my chest. 

"Oh yeah. I could watch you cum all day, baby. That look on your face is so fucking sexy."

He collapsed next to me as we lay there, spent, sweating, softening cocks leaking. 

After he left to get back to his wife, I washed my ex-wife's sheets, fed her cat and snuck out the back door.