 It started off like a normal night with friends; the whole group of us would just meet at a local pub and then eventually head to our favourite local club, Dante's!

There was a wide variety of types of people in our close circle of friends, teachers, Supervisors, managers and many more types, when we got together, yes there would be drama, bitchyness and the occasional argument but hey that's just what friends do.

On this one occasion, things felt different like something was going. to happen, we all met up in our usual spot had a few drinks, laughed, joked and wound each other up and teased a little because hey if you can't joke with your friends who can you with? 

We got to Dante's and that's where we all seem to split up into our own little clicks, me, I was the flirt of the group love to have fun, make eye contact and smile and any guy who's eyes I caught, on a few occasions I have caught the eye of one or two of our friends, on other occasions maybe even gone even further than just talking...

One night Cullum and I were talking about possibly taking a day trip somewhere just the two of us, we got on really well, we always loved to snide and joke with each other, pushing the limits to test the other but both knowing it was all in jest.

Where we would go we wasn't too sure, just pack up Callums car, take some food and just drive till we end up somewhere!

Few days later when we both had the same day off and our partners were at work we decided to take our day of adventure, so Callum got the car filled with petrol i supplied the food and snacks, got in the car and away we were!

We started heading towards the midlands, passing through the countryside feeling the sun on our face the wind in our hair and playing music that was just perfect for a little trip!

We decided to stop in a little picnic area around 2 miles from the main road, and enjoy the fresh summer sun; we had a nice lunch which was spread out all over a nice blanket.

As we layed there chatting and sniping at each other i could feel Callum's eyes just checking me out it was only obvious because when we were chatting i would say something but got no reaction which to me showed he wasn't paying attention, so i decided to lay on my stomach exposing how well my 3/4 length shorts were cradling my bum showing the firmness of it, within seconds of doing this i could see Callum licking his lips, this just made me chuckle inside, seeing how he stared at me just was getting me excited!

I had noticed that on our way up the road there was a small toilet so i made my excuses and went to use the facilities.

I had just finished and opened up the toilet door when there in front of me was Callum, he just looked at me and smiled to which i looked at him and smiled back.

He then proceeded to move closer to me his hands on my chest ensuring that the only way i went was back. 

He looked directly into my bright blue eyes i could feel him getting ever so closer, this was going to be the first time that mine and Callum's lips would touch, he continued to look deep into my eyes getting ever so closer, then i felt the very tip of his lips press against mine.

Wow, they were so soft, it was like they were made of silk, we then started kissing so passionately, i closed the door of the toilet why also trying to keep my lips pressed against his.

Callum then started to grope me over the top of my trousers to which I mimicked and groped his back i could feel my cock getting so hard in the palm of his hand i thought it was going to explode, i then proceeded to undo Callum's zipper and continued to rub him over his boxers.

I could feel Callum moving his hand away from my crotch and working his way over my stomach up my chest, brushing my nipples as he passed reaching for the back of my neck his hands running over the back of my neck.

Wow he had found one of my erotic zones, just one of many i was hoping he would find before our time was over, i then removed my hands from his jeans and started to remove his t-shirt over his head revealing his small yet very hard, erect nipples, his defined muscular torso and a 6 pack that had more bumps than a rocky road ice cream sundae, i pulled away from his silky lips, working my way down his neck running my tongue across his earlobe kissing all the way down his neck up along his clavicle and down his muscular pecks until i reached one of his nipples.

I then proceeded to massage his erect nipple with my tongue, occasionally nibbling on it which just sent Callum groaning in ecstasy, this was just the beginning if he was this excited now he was in for a shock.

Callum's breathing was so heavy and shallow right now he didn't know what to with himself but he started by taking off my tight t-shirt.

He got on his knees and kissed my abs nibbling and running his tongue around each ab like he would never have an experience so good again.

I brought him back up to face level and continued to kiss him again, then as i placed my hands along his back bringing him in closer i could feel his skin beginning to sweat; wow this guy was really getting turned on by this wasn't he!

I undone the button on his jeans revealing his massive rock of a hard on wow he was bigger than i ever thought possible, I liked it and i couldn't wait to taste his sweet nectar in my mouth.

I reached into the tight band of his Calvin's which was hiding that monster of a prize that i was going to claim as my own on that afternoon.

I then slowly wrapped my hands around his cock and slowly pulled it out of his tight boxers allowing it to breath, i looked down and was amazed at how huge this cock was, i could see the clear sticky liquid that was his pre cum just ever so slightly dripping out from his uncut cock.

The sight of this just made my hormones race, my pulse race and my legs quiver with anticipation. I dropped to my knees ensuring his eyes followed mine.

As i opened my mouth ready to take this most amazing uncut cock i could see him getting more excited, i could feel his cock throbbing in my hand, here we go this was it.

I placed the head into my mouth licking up all the pre cum i didn't want to waste a drop of it! I licked around the opening lapping it all up, i then proceeded to work my way down his shaft and would then retract, go down a little bit more and retract, teasing him with my tongue until i had taken the whole 9" of that smooth uncut cock deep into my mouth.

Callum then placed his hand on the back of my head stroking all the hairs; he was loving it, his cock just pressing the back of my throat.

I had to ensure that he's cock was wet because soon he was putting this monster of a cock inside my tight smooth arse and was i was going to make sure he was going to empty his balls in me, coating a thick white lining inside my rectum.

I continued to lubricate him, after what seemed like hours of sucking my jaw began to ache so i pulled him out of my mouth and went back to kissing him.

Callum than turned me round making me spread my legs and place my hands on the stall like i was being searched by the local police, i could then feel him starting to lick from my spine down to the top of my pert backside.

He proceeded to spread my arse cheeks apart revealing a pink hairless hole that was so tight you would think he had never been broken into, i could feel his wet tongue working its way around my hole he was just at the entrance teasing it to his pleasure.

His tongue was making my already wet hole even wet i was ready to take him and just made it obvious by pushing back into him till his back was against the other cubicle forcing him to place his throbbing member in-between my firm buttocks.

Callum then started to tease my hole even further by rubbing his hard on between my rock hard cheeks as it passes my hole his pre cum lubricating it getting my hole stimulated, relaxing it, yet still being a nice tight squeeze for him to loosen.

I felt him reaching around grabbing my cock with his left hand why his right hand grabbed his cock pressing his head at my hole then as i think he is going to enter me, he stops, leaning forward he whispers in my ear and proceeds to tell me how he has been waiting for this day since he first stared directly into my eyes.

He also whispered to me telling me how he was going to punish me for all those times i got him going and then just left him hanging there, saying i was just a prick tease.

Then he started to enter me, his hips thrusting his cock deeper inside me, and then he hit my prostate, sending my cock into spasm, he knew he hit the spot too but wasn't just satisfied with that and continued to go deeper and deeper inside till all 9" of that smooth long schlong was well in there, stretching my hole bigger than it's ever been before.

He began to thrust, slowly at first then to tease him back i clenched my tight hole round his throbbing cock, and his response was to place his hand over my mouth.

When that happened i knew this was it, he then retracted it till the tip was barely in and then thrust it all in, making my body shiver all over.

He continued to thrust into me his cock pulsating with every thrust; it brought him closer to his ultimate goal, filling my arse with the biggest load his balls could ever produce.

This was it, his balls were tightening, his cock throbbing i could feel he was about to cum inside me, when suddenly the outside toilet door swung open another guy had just entered the same toilet we was in.

Then without any warning the cubicle door was pushed open, there in the doorway was stood this guy he was tall, slim, slick blonde hair.

He just stood there staring at Callum and I, me pressed against one wall of the cubicle and Callum against the other with Callum still inside me, still hard and at the point of ecstasy...

...OMG WE HAD JUST BEEN CAUGHT...