 After telling me that there was much more he wanted to do with me, Mr. Hawkins helped me off the floor of the shower stall and up to my feet. I could still taste the salty load of cum he had just sent down my throat. Our eyes locked once again in intense passion, and I tilted my head in expectation of another kiss. Instead, Mr. Hawkins pulled back from me.

"Oh jeez, Kyle, this is insane," Mr Hawkins said, trying to keep his voice down. "No, no. This can't be anything. This is so wrong."

"I wanted this to happen, Mr. Hawkins. It's been so hard for me to find someone that I could do this stuff with. You're...amazing. And I won't tell anyone!"

"That's all well and good, Kyle, but it doesn't change the fact that this was totally wrong and it shouldn't have happened. Not here, not when I'm a teacher and you're a student. We need to get cleaned up and get out of here before anyone walks in. I'll see you in class."

Before I had a chance to respond, Mr. Hawkins was gone from the shower area. I assumed he would be changing in his office, but I was so taken aback by what had just happened that I ran back to my locker, changed as quickly as I could, and headed for the exit.

Sitting in my car in the almost empty school parking lot, I couldn't believe what had just happened. Doing anything sexual with my insanely hot gym teacher was a fantasy of mine, but I never thought it would turn into something more than that. But it was now a reality, and my emotions were all over the place. I wanted to experience more with Mr. Hawkins, even though I knew everything about what we had done was wrong. And yet, it now seemed like he wanted nothing to do with me, now that he'd gotten what he wanted.

Over the next couple of weeks, Mr. Hawkins barely acknowledged me in class. He'd say hello, give me some generic encouragement while lifting weights, and that was it. I'd gotten the message, and I didn't try to schedule any after-school training sessions either. I was hurt, but I was also understanding of the position we were in. For now I would simply have to be satisfied with the memories of blowing my teacher while I jerked off at night.

It must have been three weeks after our encounter in the showers when it happened. During a weight room day, Mr. Hawkins called me over to the small desk he had in the corner of the room. The conversation was nothing out of the ordinary - we were going over a chart showing the lifts I was doing, and the progress I had made since the start of the semester. Just when I thought that's all we were going to discuss...

"One more thing, Kyle," Mr. Hawkins said softly.

Trying to be discreet, he wrote something down on the bottom of the lift chart: "Locker combo?"

I gave him a puzzled look, but his devilish grin let me know that there was something up his sleeve, and I wanted to know what it was. Next to his question, I wrote, "14-2-25". Mr. Hawkins just winked at me before calling the next student over.

I had no idea what to expect, and my heart was pounding with anticipation for the rest of the day. After finishing up with track practice, I opened my locker to find a paper bag with a note attached. It read: "Don't open this until you get home." I wasn't going to risk a peek inside the bag in case one of my teammates became curious, so I stuffed it into my backpack, and after showering I headed home to discover what my surprise was.

I could hardly stand the anticipation as I rushed home. Upon arriving home, I made sure that no one else was around before running upstairs and locking the door to my room. I immediately emptied the contents of the bag onto my bed, and it turned out to be the most exciting thing I could have hoped for. There were two dildos and a bottle of lube! A note fell out of the bag as well:

"Kyle - I'm sorry things had to be so weird, but I'm sure you understand. Obviously nothing can happen between us again while you're still my student...but if you're still interested in being taught by me after you graduate, I'd be on board to help such a promising young student :) In the meantime, I got you something that might help ease you into the learning process. Just give me a little sign sometime in class that this is cool. - Dave"

My heart was racing. In a few hours I had gone from trying to get over the fact that nothing more was going to happen between me and Mr. Hawkins, and now feeling what it would be like to have him inside me. I still had a couple hours before my parents would be home from work, so I decided I couldn't wait to take my new toys for a test drive.

They were both Doc Johnson Crystal Jellies. One was an anal starter in purple that was supposed to be around 6", just a little bigger than my own cock. The other was a good bit longer and thicker, looking just like the one I remembered on Mr. Hawkins. It was pink with a suction cup, plus realistic balls at the base. As I had never had anything in my ass bigger than my finger, I obviously had to start with the skinnier dildo, so I tore the packaging off and simply stared for a minute at this object that was going to bring me so much pleasure.

My cock was straining against my pants at this point, so I ripped off my clothes and tossed them to the other side of my bedroom. Laying back on my bed, I opened the lube and squirted a bit onto my fingers. I started massaged around the edge of my anus. It always felt a little weird to touch around there, but there was always a point where my horniness would override my hesitation, and I would start to slide my finger in to explore a little deeper.

I slid my middle finger up to the point where I usually felt some resistance. Normally I would be too horny at this point, and wouldn't be able to stop myself from jerking off to completion. But I knew that I needed to hold off this time. I grabbed the dildo and started to probe around my asshole. It took a little bit of time and steady pressure, but I finally got it past the first ring, and immediately felt the pleasure of having my hole filled. I kept this up for a few more minutes, getting a little deeper with my toy, before I glanced over at my mirror and decided to try a more interesting position.

I hopped up from my bed and walked over to the full-length mirror propped up against the wall. After laying down a towel, I attached the dildo near the bottom of the mirror and slowly backed myself onto it. It slid in quite easily now, and when my cheeks were hitting up against the cool mirror, I knew I was taking the entire thing in. Going all the way down and back to having just the tip inside made it feel like I was getting fucked, and I could imagine Mr. Hawkins putting me on my hands and knees and having his way with me. Precum was now dripping from my penis, so I reached down and grabbed some on my left wrist before bringing it to my mouth. I loved tasting my own cum, and it reminded me of how I wanted to taste Mr. Hawkins again.

At this point my bucking got a little too wild, and the dildo came unstuck from the mirror. I kneeled forward onto my stomach and just started grinding against the floor. It took about 5 seconds for me to send cum gushing out onto the towel, with some getting stuck to my belly. The dildo popped out of my ass, and I could feel it gaping, still wide open and waiting to be filled again. I scooped up some of the cum and licked it off with my tongue. I knew I was going to have a lot of fun with these toys, but I couldn't wait for the real thing...