 My disclaimer: This story is male-male in nature and involves forced sex, spanking, and pissing. If you're not interested in that, please don't leave negative feedback. Enjoy.



It was a brutally hot and humid day in the Midwest; a typical summer. I wanted to take advantage of the nice weather and wash my car. It's been a couple of weeks of relentless rain and storms and it's taken a toll on the shine of my baby. Unfortunately, because of all the rain we've had this summer and the high temperatures, it's horribly humid out. I'm always more horny in the summer than in the winter. The hot weather really makes my fantasies stand out more, not to mention my cock.

I brave the oppressive humidity and heat and head outside to wash my car. I've dressed somewhat sparingly, wearing only a thin, old, super tight t-shirt and short-shorts. I love my cut-off denim shorts, I made them from an old pair of worn-out jeans a few years ago and I wear them often, but not in public. They don't hide much, but they make me feel sexy and it's so hot out that when I'm wearing this outfit I get somewhat excited. It's almost like I'm being an exhibitionist, even though I know that nobody will see me. My yard is fenced in so I could be naked and nobody would know the difference. My cock would hang out the bottom of my shorts if I let it, they're that short. Sometimes, I do let it hang out, just to make me even feel more like an exhibitionist.

I pulled out my washing supplies and unwrapped the hose in the backyard and started spraying the car. I've already pulled my car onto the grass in the backyard in the shade to cool it off a bit. Every once in a while I ease up on the pressure of the hose nozzle and spray up in the air to create a cold mist to cool me off a bit. Of course, this makes me soaking wet. It's ridiculously humid out and I was soaking wet from my own sweat anyway. But, like I said, I'm in my fenced-in backyard anyway so who cares, nobody can see me back here anyway.  

My thin t-shirt is clinging to my upper body, showing off my hard work at the gym. I'll never be a pumped-up muscle-head, but I've got just about no fat on my body and a few years of working out with pull-ups, running, and crunches have tightened my torso and I look pretty good if I do say so myself. My ass is pretty tight, too. Squats and lunges have done wonders for my figure-skater-like cheeks. With these short-shorts on, I think that I look hot enough to match the temperature. 

As I'm washing the front driver's side wheel, bending over scrubbing the tire with a brush, I hear some rustling and stand up and start to turn around but someone grabs me from behind! They're almost crushing me with their bear hug around my waist. They're bending backwards and my feet come off of the ground, their waist grinding into my soaking wet shorts and I can feel a bulge on my ass. I know they have a hard on and I also know that I'm in for trouble, unless it's just a friend of mine goofing around. I don't recognize the arms and hands around my waist and I try to wiggle free but there's no way that's happening, they've got an iron grip on me and they're dry humping my ass through their pants. 

It seems like minutes, but it's probably only seconds before they finally speak. "Don't do anything to cause trouble or you'll get more trouble than you've ever wanted." Now I know I'm in trouble. 

I shout, "WHAT THE?! Who are you? What do you want? I don't have any money on me. Please don't hurt me, I'll do anything you say, just don't hurt me."

Being a young, single man who hasn't been in a relationship for months, I'm always fantasizing about being taken by force and made into someone's sex slave for the day. Could this really be happening? I should have been wishing to win the lottery, I didn't know I'd have this much power over my fantasies. I probably caused this by wearing these skimpy clothes, but I didn't think anyone could see me back here. Who is this guy? Do I know him? Is it the delivery guy? The post man? One of the lawn service guys? A painter? I have no idea, especially since I haven't seen his face. I don't recognize his voice either. 

As my mind is reeling trying to think of who this could be and if it's really a joke, he pulls my t-shirt up over my head and ties it so I can't see and my arms are sort of flailing around. He pulls my arms behind my back and I hear velcro ripping apart and he takes my hands and ties them up with velcro straps behind me! I'm almost totally helpless and am now half naked in front of a stranger! Or, a friend? I don't have a clue who it is, but oddly enough, I'm feeling twinges in my cock and feel like I'm going to start getting a hard on. That would be bad timing, then he'd know that I was getting excited. 

He pushes me forward so I'm pushed against my wet car fender and pushes down on my back so I'm forced over the hood. Before I even realize what's happening he's slapping my ass through my wet shorts! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! SLAP! "Owwww! Hey!" 

He keeps that up for what seems like several minutes and I'm starting to get worried that the neighbors will hear. I should actually be hoping that the neighbors will hear and rescue me, but instead I'm getting turned on by this treatment and am now worried that he'll stop and I'll find out that it's a friend who's just messing around. In the back of my mind though, I'm pretty sure this is real and it's not a friend but a horny stranger who's planning on using me and abusing me. My sex slave fantasy is about to come true.

Two or three minutes of spanking my ass with my wet shorts still on, I can feel him unfastening them around my waist and he pulls them down! Now I'm naked, my ass, cock, balls, and torso are exposed but my head is still tied in that wet t-shirt so I can't see anything. My shorts are around my ankles and he pushes on my left leg and I lift it up and he pulls the shorts off of that leg and pushes my legs apart. I'm still facing the wet car and my cock is sticking straight out above the fender and my balls are pushing into the top of the fender! I'm not sure if I've ever had a more rock hard cock in my life! I hope it doesn't get me into trouble for him to see how turned on I am. He's obviously noticed by now though, since he's behind me and I'm naked and blindfolded in front of him. 

He starts in on my butt cheeks again. SPANK, SPANK, SPANK, SPANK, SPANK, SPANK.. it goes on for several more minutes and I know my cheeks are getting pinkish red and are becoming hot. He's putting his hands on my cheeks and moving them around in circles with the palms of his hands. I can feel the air on my exposed asshole as he's spreading my cheeks around, just playing with me like I'm a toy. I know that he's probably getting a raging hard on himself treating someone like this. It's not long before I find out that I'm right. I feel his hand rubbing up and down on my crack, up and down, up and down. Rubbing on my tender, tight hole with his middle finger as he rubs up and down. Then his finger goes in! I'm not lubed or anything so it's a tight fit. He takes it out and starts spitting on my asshole to make it slippery. That really makes me feel dirty and nasty to have someone spitting on my asshole. I love it! 

I can feel his finger in there again and it slide right in now that it's slippery from his hot spit. He's plunging it in and out and soon there are two fingers in there, then there! With three fingers in my ass, he starts spreading them apart, spreading my asshole open, gaping it wide open as much as he can. I'm embarrassed and turned on at the same time to have someone being this intimate with my most intimate area out here in the daylight in my backyard! The feeling of that spreading goes away for a few seconds and I hear a zipping sound. Oh-oh. I know what's going to happen next, and sure enough, I feel his soft, pliable cock head pressing between my butt cheeks. He's rubbing it up and down my crack, over my asshole. Stopping at my asshole but not putting it in, just rubbing it over and up and down and slightly pressing on my hole but not plunging it in. 

I'm getting so turned on, I feel like I'm about to cum! My balls are pressed up against the car fender and my cock is sticking up over the hood, like I'm fucking something but there's nothing there! And, this dirty stranger is rubbing his cock head up and down my butt crack and over my asshole!  It's a dirty feeling and I love it! 

He keeps rubbing his cock up and down in-between my cheeks and before long I feel his cock head start to push into my tight, wet asshole. I'm worried that he's got a huge cock and he'll just ram it in there without any warning. But, he doesn't ram into me, he just sticks his cock head into my asshole, pushing just a bit at a time, slowly entering me what feels like about an inch or two. I'm wondering what he's doing. Is he teasing me? Because my cock couldn't possibly be any harder and I couldn't possibly be any more horny than I am with this treatment from a stranger! With his cock just a couple of inches in my ass he holds it there for a few seconds as he again grabs me around the waist and gives me a big bear hug again. 

NOW I know what he's doing! I feel his jets of cum start spraying up inside of my ass! He's unloading his sticky mess up inside of me with just his cock head in my tight hole. He hasn't even fucked my ass yet. Is he mad because he thought I was a woman with short-shorts on and he doesn't want to fuck a man in the ass? 

He finally stops cumming in my ass and slowly plops his cock out. Instantly his cum starts leaking out of my asshole, mainly because there's so much of it and because I'm standing up, there's no way I can clench my ass enough to keep it in there. He SPANKS my cheeks again and starts to rub his cum all over my ass and lower back. I can't lie, it's a great feeling being used by this dirty stranger as his sex toy. I hope he gets around to actually sticking his whole cock in me. I hope he likes fucking men so I can fulfill my fantasy. If not, at least I was awarded his load of hot cum, it's been quite a while since I've had that feeling and I miss it. 

I love the feeling of guys putting things in my ass and shooting cum in there and enemas and anything to do with using my asshole anyway they want to. Although, I've never been raped like this, by a stranger, anyway. A former lover raped me once. I think you could consider it rape because he forced his cock into me after tying me face down on a bed and tying my hands and feet together. We had an argument and I said, "fuck you!" to him. That didn't go over too well.. Even though we were together, I wasn't the one that wanted to be tied up and fucked. I wonder if that's where my rape fantasy came from?

As this stranger is rubbing his own cum onto my ass and back, I hear another voice! Is this someone coming to rescue me? I don't recognize that voice either, and I don't recognize that laugh. What's so funny, I think to myself. These two guys are laughing as the first one is still rubbing his cum all over me. My asshole is exposed to two strangers now! I hear the new guy say something, something like he wants in my ass, NOW!

Ohhhh, I feel a cock head on my asshole and this time it does go in! It goes in all the way to the hilt! WHOA! The fresh cum in there really make is slide in and out as he starts ramming it in me. My cheeks are being pressed up against his waist as he's literally bouncing off of my ass with me bouncing against the wet car fender. I hear a different voice behind me and I know it's the second guy who just got there! He's already got his cock buried up my ass and he just got there! Was he watching from a distance, stroking his cock and getting ready for this? He's really slamming into me, our sweaty bodies are making a slapping sound as he drives into me and slaps against my sweaty cheeks. He grabs my hips and starts speeding up and I can almost feel his cock swell in my ass! He starts shooting a huge load of hot cum up my ass while continuing to pump into me, almost creating a foamy mess in my ass. He's churning both his cum and his buddy's cum in my ass and making a mess of me. Wow, what a feeling. 

Now there's another cock in me, it has to be the first guy. He's really fucking me hard, almost like he's punishing me for not getting to fuck me first. He's really slapping into my poor, abused little asshole for letting the other guy get in there first. I feel so dirty being used like this. My ass is now filling with a fresh load of hot sperm and it's really shooting in there in shooting jets like a super-soaker water gun! What a feeling! 

Now there are a pair of hands on my hips again and a cock is pressing into my slippery, dirty asshole. Only the head is in my asshole, not the whole thing. Is someone going to cum in me again with just his cock head in my hole? NO! It's not cum! Someone is pissing in my ass! WOW! What a feeling, that sharp stream of hot fluid being sprayed up my ass! I'm being used as a toilet for this guy, now I really feel dirty and nasty. My cock has never been harder and it's still hanging out there over the hot hood. We're all sweating and slippery and my ass is especially slippery with that guy unloading a huge load of cum and then the other guy starts pissing up my ass! 

He finally stops shooting inside of me and no sooner then he pulls out, the other cock slides in and starts shooting another load of hot piss in me! I'm so full of cum and piss that it's sloshing out as he's now pumping into my ass as he's pissing! He's fucking my ass and pissing at the same time. So much dirty mess is spilling out of my abused asshole and I really feel dirty and embarrassed knowing these strangers are looking at me and I can't see them. They're raping me out in my backyard in this oppressive heat. 

I hear more laughing and feel a spray on me, they're spraying me with the hose! They're aiming right at my poor little asshole, spraying it right at my puckered rosebud! OHHHH!!! That doesn't go on for too long, but pretty soon I feel more water on me, this time in big glugs. They've taken the nozzle off of the hose and are just hosing me down without the nozzle. The water is pouring on me and it's still warm from the hose being outside in the heat so it feels great. Then I feel the hose being pressed up against my asshole and they're slipping it inside of my ass! They're giving me an enema out here with the garden hose! WOW, what a feeling. I'm being filled up, first with hot cum then hot piss, then with warm hose water. They keep the hose in me and I can't take much more. The water is starting to leak out I'm getting so full. They finally turn the hose off but keep the end stuck up my ass. I know the water and piss and cum and shit will start shooting out of my ass as soon as they pull that hose out! 

They keep the hose in me to plug my ass and they start pressing on my stomach, moving their hands over my abdomen and stomach to press the water around and make sure I'm cleaned out. Then the hose is pulled out and I can't hold back, I start pressing everything out! My ass is like a geyser! Then the hose is pressed in me again and they turn the hose on and start laughing. Now what? They fill me up again and then turn the water off. As soon as they pull the hose out someone shoves their rock hard cock up my ass as I'm shooting out all of the water! They're fucking into my ass and the water is spraying against their cock as they keep fucking into me. Finally, the water stops coming out but they're still fucking and again, another load of hot cum is shot up my ass. 

This goes on a couple of more times with each of them fucking my ass as water is shooting out of it. That must be quite a feeling, I've never done that before but I sure would love to do it to one of these guys if they'd untie me. More voices? I hear what sounds like two or three different voices, but it's not English. It sounds like Hispanic accents. Who are these guys?! Are they bringing everyone in my backyard to abuse my asshole without me being able to do anything about it?! How long will this go on before I find out who these guys are? ...