 The first time I tasted another man's sperm was totally unplanned and unexpected...but now I'm hooked!

Coming home from football training with my buddies, I had an overwhelming need to pee, so I made for the local Public Toilet in the town. As I entered, I was not surprised that it was empty. At that time of night (around 8:00 at night), the shops and businesses in the area had closed for the night and most folk had gone home.

I stood at one of the bank of urinals and proceeded to unzip my flies and fish out my flaccid penis, which was at the point of bursting! 

As I let go of my pressurized load of urine, I was aware of a well-dressed gentleman come into the toilet and I gave it no further thought. I only became curious when he decided to occupy the urinal next to me. I tried to concentrate on what I had come to do and ignore this tall, good looking, expensively dressed guy standing not two feet away from me.

He fumbled about in his trousers and freed his penis, which I managed to sneak a peek at (as you do!). It was thick but not particularly long and uncut. I was coming to the end of my bladder emptying and shaking off the last drips when the gentleman turned towards me with his cock in hand (now swelling nicely) and said," I noticed you glancing at my cock, young fella, do you want to touch it?".

I was dumbfounded but something about this guy was putting me at ease and I put up no resistance when he reached out, took my hand and placed it on his swelling cock. I closed my fingers around his girth and felt the blood pulsing through the thick veins that covered his length.

I'd seen plenty of cocks in my time, but never touched anyone's but my own. I was unsure what to do next but one thing I was positive on was I wanted to explore this sexual encounter further. I could feel my own cock twitching in my pants and I gently squeezed this strangers growing meat.

I'd never had any serious sexual experience so far (and I was sure that I wasn't gay...wasn't I?) but I wanted to pleasure this man more than anything.

"Let's go somewhere private", he said and he led me to the end cubicle in the toilet. He went in first and stood straddling the toilet pan with his ass against the wall mounted cistern and leaned back with his nearly erect boner coming nicely to attention. I turned and locked the door and placed my gym bag against it.

I was mesmerized by the sight of this guy's rigid cock that I gave in to my newly surfaced desires and I grasped his length in my fist. It was solid. It had swollen to lovely proportions and I marvelled at its beauty. I lowered myself to half-sit on the pan between his legs and came eye-to-eye with his manhood. He wasn't overly long (about 6 and a half inches) but nice and thick and his foreskin was struggling to keep his cock sheathed.

I pulled back on his length and revealed his glistening purple head bathed in gooey pre-cum. A large drip was forming at the end of his cock and I stuck out my tongue and let it fall there. I savoured my first taste of man juice and I felt my stiff cock let out a little of it's own.

I wanted to see more, so I let go of his penis and proceeded to unbutton the pants of his expensive pin stripe suit and slid them and his Calvins down so that his entire nether regions were on show. I fondled his heavy pendulous balls in my hand and leaned down and took each one in my mouth, gently sucking on each one with my nose nuzzling into his thick carpet of neatly groomed black, wiry pubic hair.

His breathing was getting quite heavy and labored and I began slowly pumping his meat whilst sucking his balls. He was obviously enjoying this (who wouldn't?!) as he leaned back with his eyes closed. The copious amount of pre-cum he was producing was streaming from his slit and coating my hand. I couldn't stand it. I came away from his balls and started licking up as much of his goo as I could, running my hot tongue the whole length of his pulsating prick and hungrily lapping up his juices. He was visibly shaking now, his thighs were taut and vibrating and I recognized the signs of imminent ejaculation.

I thought to myself, "in for a penny..." and gently took his cockhead in my eager mouth. I sucked gently whilst I continued my steady slow strokes with one hand and the continued fondling of his big, hairy balls with the other. His breath became more labored and I could feel his cock swell even more, filling my mouth.

Sooner than I anticipated, he placed his hands on my head and started to thrust his cock in and out of my mouth at a steady rhythm, softly moaning as he did so. I was in dreamland. My cock was smearing cum in my pants as this good looking dude was fucking my face. I'd never experienced anything like this...what had I been missing?

I released my hands from his genitalia and reached around and grasped his tight hairy buttocks just as he grunted and pumped a steady stream of jizz into my mouth and down my throat. No mad sprays or spurts - just an endless stream of thick, hot sperm oozing from his cock that was over all too soon. The taste was intoxicating and I sucked every last drop of cum from his softening tool.

"Thank you for that, young man. By the way, my name is James." he said looking somewhat flustered. 

"No, thank YOU", I replied "..and my name is Ben".

"Have you any plans for tomorrow, Ben?" he asked with a twinkle in his eye.

"Nothing special, James...anything in mind?" I replied with a mischievous grin.

"Be outside tomorrow at 1 o'clock" he said stuffing his sated cock back in his pants. 

And with that he made off leaving me with a very soggy, messy groin to clean up. I undid my pants and let them drop to the floor revealing a pair of rather soaked underpants that I needed to clean up before I could carry on my journey home. I peeled the sodden material away from my cock, which was still semi-hard. Juice was still streaming from it and I caught as much as I could and lapped it from my hand.

The taste had an instant impact and my cock was miraculously rigid again. I stepped out of my fallen pants and removed my soaked nether garment. I have a fairly decent 7 inch cock when erect but I swear it had grown to at least 8 inches! I closed my fist around my fat circumcised knob and began stroking my meat slowly and deliberately, revelling in the slippiness of my cum-coated manhood.

It wasn't long before I felt the sap rising in my balls and I exploded sending jet after jet of hot sticky cum across the ceramic cistern. I never thought I'd stop. Eventually, I was spent. I had managed to extract every drop of juice from my cock and had even managed to catch some and savour it...comparing the taste to my night's conquest earlier. There was no doubt...I'd become a cum drunk junkie and I couldn't wait for my next fix!

I dumped my ruined underwear and walked home with my cock chafing the inside of my jeans. By the time I'd reached home, I was in a state of full arousal again and raced up the stairs, muttering something unintelligible to my family who were in the lounge watching TV, and went straight to my room ripping off my clothes and freeing my swollen hard-on. 

I lay on my bed and thought of James and how he would look naked and how he would feel against my skin. I was 18 but still totally inexperienced when it came to sex, so I was willing to go with the flow and see where this would take me. The emotions I was feeling and the ecstasy of the feel of another man's genitalia was telling me that it was good.

I was soundly pumping on my pulsating cock again, imagining James fucking my face, his balls slapping against my chin glorying in the taste of his thick, manly cum coating my mouth, invading my throat, sucking the life out of him...and I came again.

Creamy spurts of cum spread over my chest and stomach as I emptied my balls for a third time that night. I gathered all the cum I could with my fingers and greedily gulped it down.

Satisfied I'd missed none, I rolled over and fell into an exhausted sleep.

I awoke the next morning bright and early with a full-on boner. I'd never been this big or hard in my life! I decided not to crack one off as I'd prefer to save it for James later in the day. I went for a pee and it slowly subsided.

As I made my way to our designated meeting point, my excitement was off the scale. Who was this guy? Where had he come from? Would I be safe in his company?

All things I quickly passed off as irrational...or maybe it was the need for his cock that did it!

I reached the toilet at a little before one o'clock and sat outside on a public bench. I hadn't been there but two minutes when a large luxury sedan pulled up to the sidewalk and rolled down its window.

"Going my way, young man?" It was James in a car that must have cost a fortune. "I do hope we can carry on from last night, Ben. I haven't felt that good for a long time." 

His smile was genuine and for the first time I was able to clearly see his face. I reckoned James was about 50-ish. Pure black hair and a tight athletic body. He wore a light blue linen shirt, open to reveal his hair covered chest and cream chinos.

"I've thought about nothing else", I blustered as I settled myself into the rich padded leather front seat. He started off and headed to the northern end of town. The affluent area...obviously.

On the drive to wherever we were going, James reached across and ran his hand up the inside of my leg letting it come to rest on my swelling cock.

"I can't wait to taste you, Ben. I mean it's only fair that I return the compliment you gave me last night. I honestly can't remember ever having cum so much in my life. But I was running late for an appointment and I couldn't return the favor...I aim to rectify that."

He gently squeezed my cock and I was revelling in his touch. I told him that I'd had to discard my sodden underwear and he laughed loudly. Also that I'd wanked myself to orgasm twice more thinking of his rampant cock in my mouth.

"Undo your pants", he said authoritively. I did as I was told.

He slid his hand in my pants and fondled my cock which was hardening by the second. There was little traffic and few houses in this area so the chance of being seen was slim. James expertly caressed me as he slid his car up to wrought iron gates that opened automatically as we approached. The house was smaller than I was expecting (kinda like an English two storey cottage) but nonetheless expensive.

I refastened my pants as James led me into the house. I was immediately struck by the charm of the place. It might be olde-world outside, but inside it was definitely a modern bachelor pad.

James ushered me upstairs to his bedroom whereupon he turned and kissed me hard on the lips, thrusting his rough, hot tongue into my mouth. I wasn't sure how to react, so I reciprocated by sucking on his tongue while flicking my own around the captive. He proceeded to unbutton my shirt and I stood and let him undress me. I stood naked with my thick, stiff cock standing proud as James appraised me with his eyes.

He gripped my hard-on firmly as he planted another kiss on my eager mouth. I'd never dreamt of being this horny in my life! He lowered himself on one knee and took the whole length of my throbbing cock down his throat. I could actually feel myself touching the back of his throat...amazing!

Although I wanted to empty myself there and then, I held off and James got back up and began stripping his clothes until he, too was naked. His body was magnificent. He was athletic without being muscle-bound. Tight black hair covered his chest and his pubic area was groomed well with a tight bush of blackness. His thick, veinous penis rose majestically from his groin. It swayed back and forth as he walked to the big king sized bed, where he lay back and motioned for me to join him there.

I crawled up to meet him and on the way plopped his cock into my mouth and sucked longingly on his hardness.

He pulled me from it and said, "Only after I've seen to that beauty between your legs and have tasted your delights, my boy". I wasn't going to argue and I lay back so that he had full access to my "delights"!

James leaned over me and kissed me forcefully which I returned. We embraced for what seemed like ages but was only a few minutes, all the while our cocks were mashing against each other depositing pre-cum everywhere. James pulled away and lowered his mouth to my nipples which he expertly sucked and nibbled sending me wild. I had never explored my nipples before, but here was someone making me regret that decision...that was something I would see to in the future!

James then started kissing my body on his way down to my throbbing cock. He closed his mouth over the head and bit firmly but not too hard that had me pumping even more goo from my slit. He tongued my over-sensitive cock for a long while, easily edging my orgasm for the best part of 20 minutes. When he decided that I wouldn't last much longer, he stopped, looked up at me and said, "Fuck my face, my boy!"

My cock twitched at that suggestion and I struggled to hold my shit together. James shimmied up the bed and propped himself up so that his head was level with my cock as I kneeled in front of him. I straddled his prone body and pointed my bloated penis at his mouth. I held onto the bedframe behind him and began to feed my thick cock into his mouth. He gripped my ass cheeks and pulled me in completely. My balls were screaming for release and I started to thrust my cock deep in and out of his throat smoothly and rhythmically feeling my balls tighten. He was easily taking my length without discomfort to him and I could feel the cum bubble up in my penis.

"Fuck, James. I can't hold on", I screamed, "...Oh, fuck, oh, fuck, oh fuck...OOOOOOHHHH!!"

The first jet of cum exploded in his mouth and was immediately swallowed, followed by several more powerful spurts which were equally dealt with. James held me tightly, sucking every drop of juice from my wilting cock.

He let my soft penis plop from his mouth and said, "There - wasn't that good?"

"Good? GOOD?" I exclaimed, "It was fucking fantastic. You must know that I haven't had many sexual experiences but you, sir, just blew my fucking mind!"

James leaned back with a satisfied look on his face and said, " I'm so glad you think so, too. We're going to have lots of fun together! Now, I have a pressing need between my own legs that needs some attention...how about it?"

I needed no further encouragement and I launched myself on his delicious body. Kissing, fondling, nibbling, sucking...I was in heaven. I was making my way down to his gorgeous cock when I was interrupted by a sound behind me. A maid had come in and was standing at the door.

"Ah, Veronica. Ben meet my maid, Veronica. Veronica looks after things around here and likes to get involved in everything...and I mean everything!" he said slyly, "Would you like her to get involved with us?"

I looked at the maid who by anyone's standards was drop-dead gorgeous. Tall, slim, long dark hair, light brown skin, pert breasts and long legs. "What do you mean?", I stammered.

"Veronica," said James, "Show Ben your party piece".

Veronica moved closer to the bed as I tried to hide my modesty and lifted her skirt to reveal the most beautiful cock I've ever seen. It wasn't big but was perfectly formed. Veronica was shaved totally bald which accentuated her cock even more.

Seeing that I was not exactly against the idea, Veronica began stripping, finally standing in only her high heels and stockings. Her cock had grown steadily to it's full length of 5 inches. It was exquisite!

James motioned to me to continue where I'd left off and I lowered my mouth down over his thick throbbing meat, running my tongue under and around his foreskin. He groaned at this move and I continued teasing him mercilessly. I was deep in ecstacy sucking on James' raging boner when I felt a hand come between my legs and caress my flaccid penis.

Veronica had joined the party. 

I concentrated on James' cock whilst Veronica gently teased my manhood back to solidity again. Pre-cum began streaming from my slit and she smeared my whole length with my slippy juices. What happened next took me by complete surprise. At some point, Veronica must have fell to her knees while not missing a beat with my cock because I felt her hot breath on my ass. She began kissing and biting my peachy ass while firmly gripping and stroking my meat. I was almost collapsing in ecstacy when she ran her hot tongue across my puckered anus!

It was almost too much for me and my whole body trembled at her touch.

James was getting rather animated by this time and I could feel the blood pounding through his cock. I sucked harder as he thrust his hips up to meet my downward mouth strokes, I knew he would be coming soon. And if Veronica kept doing what she was doing, I would be joining him!

Veronica poked her tongue hard against my asshole and I felt it relenting just a little as she pushed past my initial defences. Her tongue was moving freely in and out of my sphincter depositing lots of her spit into my hole. Releasing her hand from my cock, she took one of her lubed-up fingers and slowly fed it into my ass.

I silently screamed into James' cock as she increased this to two, then three long, sticky fingers reaming my ass. Tears came to my eyes. My ass felt like it was on fire and stayed like that for several minutes before the pain subsided. I was aware of Veronica climbing on the bed behind me and I knew what was coming next.

James was holding on manfully to his load that would surely drown my young throat as I felt Veronica nudging my anus with her beautiful erect penis. I hardly felt the resistance as she fed her cock all the way into my ass. Man-goo was flowing freely from my cock as she pumped her length into my soaking hole. The sight of Veronica penetrating my ass was too much for James and he cried out, "YES, YES, YES,...OH,FUCK, please, OH,FUCK, my boy, my beautiful boy. Take it all, drink it all!"

James came more powerfully than the night before and pumped stream after stream after stream of delicious hot, thick sperm again and again. Never once getting soft. Just when I thought he'd had enough, he stiffened again and held my head in his hands as he forcefully fucked my face.

I was punch-drunk from the onslaught from above and behind. I had long got used to the pain of Veronica's cock stretching my asshole when I felt a warm sensation invade my body. Veronica was cumming hard driving her proud little dick into places that had never been explored before.

James stopped his thrusting and before I knew what was happening, Veronica's dick had appeared where James' was and was being fed into my hungry mouth. I lapped up on her perfect little cock and sucked hungrily on it. Again, I felt movement on the bed behind me and knew that James was going to feed his thick cock into my sopping man-cunt. He pressed his cockhead against my hole and I tried to resist knowing that he would rip me apart with his meat.

"Relax, my boy - it'll go much smoother if you don't fight it!" he purred.

I did as I was told and his cockhead plopped into my back passage. The pain was excruciating! He held it there for some minutes while the pain abated then he gently began feeding his length inch by inch. I was openly whimpering now as he fed the last inch so that he sat balls-deep. Again, he left it there for me to get used to the pain. To be honest, I wasn't sure why I was enjoying this feeling of being penetrated by this big cock because the pain should have put me off...but it wasn't.

I pushed back against his hardness and sucked harder on Veronica's cock. James recognised the gesture and started stroking his throbbing cock in and out of my willing ass. At every stroke, he massaged my prostate and sent me into a state of perpetual orgasm. My juices were running non-stop and I felt every inch the cum hungry whore that I'd become.
