 Some months ago my best friend Cedrick and I started working out together. Cedrick is a big black man in every sense of the word. He is 6'6" weighs about 265 and solid muscle, as I would find out his entire body is shaven smooth which only adds to his mystique. Cedrick and I have known each other since high school and have always been close friends. We did everything together that normal friends would. I decided to try to loose some weight and add a little muscle so I ask Cedrick to help me with my workouts. 

I have known I was bi since college but rarely had opportunities to explore my bi-side. So when Cedrick and I was in the gym I couldn't help but admire his ebony body as it glistened with sweat it the tight Speedo suits leaving his huge cock visibly outlined as we worked out. I would sneak glances when I thought he wasn't looking, and never intended to go any further than just wishful thinking. But that all changed one Friday night, we would work out late at night because it was best for both our schedules. The gym was always nearly empty so we pretty much had the run of the facility, Cedrick knew the owners so several times he would lock up when we left for the night. This was just one of those times, as I got there Cedrick was talking to one of the owners telling him that he would be happy to lock up. I looked around and saw we were the only ones there, as I said this was nothing new so I didn't think anything of it. The owner left and Cedrick locked the door telling me why not we can have the whole gym to ourselves. I didn't think anything of it as He turned up the stereo and we began our workout.

After we finished our workout and was in the lockers Cedrick stripped out of his clothes and headed to the showers, since we were all alone I took the opportunity to admire his entire body. His cock was huge even soft it was longer than my 8", I couldn't help but wonder what it tasted like as he walked into the shower room. I quickly stripped and joined him in the showers. I tried not to look but couldn't help myself and while he was rinsing the soap from his hair I looked to long and was caught. As my eyes meet his he looked at me with an evil grin, as he stepped towards me. I stood there frozen as he was within inches of me, not knowing what to say to him or to do. I felt his hands on my shoulders pushing me down to my knees. There I was in the shower room of a gym on my knees in front of my best friend his black cock hardening in front of me. 

"Go on buddy, you know you have been wanting this," Cedrick told me.

As if on auto-pilot I opened my mouth and took the head of his beautiful cock in my mouth, and swirled my tongue around the big purple head. I slid his cock in my mouth till the head pushed against my throat, it had been a long time since I had sucked a cock and I was relishing the all familiar taste of man meat in my mouth. I slid the cock from my mouth and licked up and down the shaft coating it in my saliva. Cedrick's cock was rock hard and fully erect at over a foot long, his hands grabbed me by my ears and forced me back on his cock.

"Suck my stick," he urged me on.

Keeping hold of my head as I took his cock back in my mouth, I was jacking him while letting my tongue swirl around the shaft. He was forcing more and more of his cock into my mouth, pushing it to the back of my mouth and down my throat. I soon felt it slide pass my tonsils and down my throat. I was massaging his balls as he continued face fucking me, his wonderful tasting cock sliding in and out of my mouth. He was using my throat as if it was a woman's pussy sliding the full length in and out of my mouth, I let my hands slide up his chest and was rubbing his pecs as his cock slid across my tongue. I could feel his huge cock swell even more as I continued sucking on his huge piece of meat. I doubled my efforts on his cock jacking him off as the cock worked its way in and out of my mouth. I could feel Cedrick's balls tighten as his thrusts became more powerful. I was soon rewarded by a huge load of sweet man juice from my best friend. I grabbed hold of his ass pulling him deeper into me as he dumped his load in my mouth. As I let his softening cock slip from my mouth I continued licking it getting all the traces of cum from his glistening cock. As I finished licking him clean he picked me up so I was back on my feet.

"Damn bro that was awesome, you must do that again." Cedrick told me as he leaned in and kissed me.

I was lost in the moment, and kissed him back as I let my hand slide down to fondle his cock. "We can do this as much as you want I told him."

For the next few weeks in became a routine that after our workout, I would suck my buddy off. He seemed to enjoy it more every time and began more and more dominant with each time I sucked him off. One night I got to the gym and Cedrick had was running about 30 minutes late so I was going to just do some cardio till he arrived. When I got there Seth the night manager was behind the counter and talking to a few customers. After I signed in I was about to hit the stair master when he asked me to hang on. He finished his conversation with the customer as he walked him out he locked the doors. This was nothing new as most of the time it was Just Cedrick and I there anyhow as Cedrick locked up after we were finished. Seth said he had something to show me in the office, once we were in the office he turned on a monitor of the security cam in the locker room. On the screen was the blow job I had given Cedrick the night before, and him dumping a load of cum all over my face. As I looked up from the screen Seth was rubbing his cock thru his workout pants.

"You sure do know how to suck a cock," Seth said as his cock was hardening more as he continued rubbing it.

I have know for some time that Seth was openly gay and had been with many of the guys in the gym. "I do my best I told him." I walked over to him and placed my hand on top of his and began rubbing his cock, as he groped mine. 

"Why don't we get out of these clothes and have some fun before you friend shows up." Seth said as he pulled his top off revealing his hairy chest.

I stopped rubbing his cloth covered cock long enough to shed all my clothing and drop to my knees in front of Seth, and began to pull his pants down his legs. His cock was fully hard at about 7" his cock was skinny and had a slight down curve to it as I engulfed it in my mouth completely. I would pull off his cock and lick the length of the shaft down to his balls and swirl my tongue around the hairy balls before going back up and taking the shaft back in my mouth. 

Seth moved down so we was both of the ground and maneuvered around so he could get at my cock as well. This guy knew how to suck a cock a cock his mouth felt like a velvet sleeve as he sucked me down in the bottom of his throat. I attacked his cock licking and sucking for all I was worth, As he was sucking me he started sliding one of his fingers in his mouth getting it wet and then slid it in my ass and began finger fucking my ass. He was getting me closer and closer to the edge as I released his cock from my mouth and moaned as I said,"I am gonna blow my load." This fired up more and he inserted a second finger in my ass and swallowed my whole cock and was licking my balls with the tip of his tongue. I reached down and grabbed his head as I blew nut in his mouth. He kept nursing my cock until I let go of his head. He rolled over and sat against the desk opening his mouth showing my load pooled up in his mouth.

He then swallowed my load as he stroked his cock, "I just love the taste of sperm." he said as I moved over and took his glistening cock back in my mouth. I licked around the head of his cock swirling it with my tongue as he let his hands slide through my hair. I would take him all the way to the balls letting his thin cock slide down and into my throat and pull back off it licking the precum from the tip of his cock before sliding back down on it. I was busy sucking his cock when I felt hands lifting my ass up so that I was on my hands and knees. I looked back to see Cedrick naked sporting an erection. I just smiled at him as I wiggled my ass and went back to sucking on Seth's cock.

"There's some lube in my desk drawer," Seth told him. I was nervous about him fucking me, as I have never had a cock as big as his. Seth grabbed my head and pulled me down hard onto his cock. "Don't worry, he will go easy on you the first time, like he did me." Seth told me. I felt Cedrick's apply some lube to my ass then slowly work one of his big fingers deep into my ass. I was moaning as Cedrick had soon worked 3 fingers up me loosing me up for his huge cock. Seth was guiding me as I bobbed up and down on his cock as I felt Cedrick pull the fingers from me and the unmistakable feel of the head of his cock at my hole. He pushed the head in and held it there as it sent little shocks of both pleasure and pain to me senses. Cedrick's grabbed hold of my waist as he began pushing inch after inch of his fuck stick into me, he would stop after a few inches allowing me to get used to his cock and suck more of Seth's cock. I soon felt Cedrick's balls rest against mine, as he reached around and started stroking my cock.

"Your ass feels good," he told me as he began sawing slowly in and out of me.

All I could do is moan sandwiched between the two cocks as they was both in a good rhythm now. Cedrick's was jacking me off as his cock slid fully in and out of me. His cock made me remember just how much I loved a good hot cock as he was fully sliding in and out of my ass now. Cedrick pulled me back and we both rose to our feet, pulling Seth's cock from my mouth. I reached out with my tongue as his cock slipped from my mouth licking the head as I was brought to my feet. Cedrick pulled me back with him his cock still fully in me as he sat down on a couch, I took my cue and started bouncing up and down on his cock as Seth walked over and grabbed my head and slide his cock back in my mouth.

"I am going to cum soon he told me," as he jacked off while I swirled my tongue all over his cock. Cedrick was rolling his hips as I bounced up and down on his cock riding him as he fucked me good and hard. Seth's eyes rolled in the back of his head as he began cumming. I locked my lips around the head of his cock as he shot his thick rope of cum into my mouth. I swallowed and swallowed as he continued to cum. I ran my hands thru his hairy chest as he continued to dump his load in my mouth, until I couldn't swallow any more and it ran out my mouth and down my chin dripping on my sweaty chest. He finally stopped cumming as he looked down at me and smiled as he dropped to his knees and licked the excess cum from my face and chest. He then continued licking down my chest and to my cock and balls and then on down to Cedrick's cock and balls. He would alternate from licking and sucking on Cedrick's balls and cock as it slide in and out of my hole then back up to my cock. I blew my load all over Seth's face as he was licking Cedrick's ball sac as he pistoned in and out of me. Then I felt Cedrick dump his load in my ass. As I flexed my ass muscles milking his cock he pushed me off him and pulled Seth's face down on him as he licked him completely clean. After Seth finished licking Cedrick's cock clean he licked the cum from my ass, then got up gathering his clothes. Telling Cedrick to lock up when he was done and that he would see him next week.

After Seth left Cedrick told me that Seth had been sucking him and letting him fuck his ass for over a year. Cedrick went on to explain that a lot of the guys in the gym sucked his cock and let him fuck them thanks to Seth. So when He found out I was bi he figured he would share me with Seth. I had no complaints as I lowered my head and began sucking his cock as he told me story after story of his conquests at the gym. It wasn't long before Cedrick blew a load down my throat and we got up to do our normal workout for the night. When I got home that evening it was much later than usual so I had to explain to my wife why I was so late. My wife and I have a very open relationship, she knows I am bi and as long as I tell her about my exigencies she doesn't have any problems with it. She has very interested in my times with Cedrick and wanted me to try and set something up so she could join in and have Cedrick fuck the both of us. My wife is a knockout and I knew that Cedrick would love to fuck her. My wife Tammy is 6'2" and has some long fiery red hair that falls just above her big tight ass. Her breast are a big and natural at a 34D and her nipples are huge about the size of those kindergarden pencil erasers. Her areolas are very dark and a nice contrast to her olive skin. What really sets her entire look off is her smoldering brown eyes. She is as wild as they come and is also bi. So our sex life as always been exciting to say the least. I could hardly wait until I was able to get Cedrick to fuck her with his huge cock.