 I continued to meet up with Kurt after the time he and Glen introduced me to be slutty. I had such fun with the two of them that I wanted to keep exploring. Kurt had turned into a regular fuck buddy and I stopped making him wear a condom, letting him take me raw. 

We continued to chat about fantasies and he was pleasantly surprised by just how many I had. He was interested in them all and had a few of his own as well. After being serviced by both Kurt and Glen's cocks in one night I wanted them both at the same time. I began telling Kurt how much I'd like to be double penetrated and how much fun I had with him and Glen. 

A number of weeks after first getting plowed by him and Glen, Kurt sent me a message asking me if I was free to stop by that evening. Glen was coming over he said. Getting them to double dick me instantly popped into my head. I let him know I was free and couldn't get it off my mind all day. I kept sneaking off to the bathroom to stroke and rub my cock and think about what I could get that evening. 

I got home and quickly jumped in the shower. I let the warm water splash down on my smooth, slim naked body as I gently massaged my cock to a full raging hardon. I started fingering my hole, applied some lube and slipped a dong up my ass. I continued to stand under the steaming water as I stroked and thrust at myself. It felt amazing having the dong in me and I imagined how it would feel to have them both in me later. 

I had to let me penis go as I was so horny that if I continued I'd cum. I kept working my ass with the dildo a little more then let it go. I let its own weight slowly pull itself out of my ass, finally sliding out with a wet plop and falling to the shower floor. I then shaved my body smooth, my gentials and ass were bare and smooth when I stepped dripping from the shower. I loved the look of my bald cock as I stood drying off and getting ready. I was so turned on that I was worried the rubbing material of my jeans would send me off on the way to Kurt's. Luckily I made it. 

When I got to Kurt's, Glen was already there sitting in the kitchen drinking. Kurt handed me a drink, I sat down and we caught up. It was so distracting, all I could think about was both of their flesh poles in me at the same time. I lost track of what they were saying a few times due to being distracted. They just kept talking though and I decided I was going to get them on the right path.

"Well shit, if you guys aren't going to start this," I stood up from the table and pulled my shirt over my head, I rubbed my chest and nipples and ran my hands down my sides and over my crotch. I unzipped my jeans, pushed them off my hips and over my ass, letting them fall to the floor and my erect penis pop out and slap up against my stomach. I hadn't worn any underwear over as I was so horny.

"I'm so fucking horny and hard, I want what more of what I got before," I said to them as I ran my hand over by throbbing cock and it was already leaking precum, it glistened all over the tip. I stood there and touched my body and played with myself in front of them. 

A dirty grin spread across Glen's face and Kurt started rubbing is crotch through his pants, but they didn't get up. I stroked myself softly and pinched and pulled on my nipples more, and began breathing hard. I leaned back against Kurt's counter and began to move my hips to the motion of my strokes. 

"Uhhhh... come on! Who the hell is going to fuck me?" I was so hot, craving some hot man on man action but they just watched. 

I slid down the cupboards to the floor, spread my legs apart and ran my hand up and down my now glistening wet cock. I continued to work my nipples hard and groaned at them both to fuck me, "I want to be fucked! I want to feel your cocks in my mouth and ass! I want it like we've done before!" and still they sat glued to their chairs. 

"God, I'm going to cum if you don't fuck me. I need cock in me. I want you both in me together. I want to feel both your cocks ramrodding my hole over and over. I want you to spread me open and fuck me even if I beg you to stop." I was going to lose it right there on the floor, I was going to spill my load and never be touched. 

Then I heard a chair scrape along the floor and 

Glen got up, "Yup, you were right. He did beg for it like a slut. I think we better give him what he wants." 

Glen reached down and pulled me to my feet. He grabbed my ass with his big hands and spread it apart before slapping it and telling me to follow Kurt down the hall. When I got to the bedroom Kurt was already standing against the edge of the bed, his shirt and pants discarded and his erection straining against his underwear. 

I moved to him and began to suck and lick his nipples, running my tongue over them, swirling it around and lightly biting them. He grunted in pleasure and I reached down and freed his cock from his underwear. I began to stroke him, slowly and feeling his hardness and warmth in my hand. I began to play with his balls with my other hand. 

"Mmmm that's right, play with that cock. Get it nice and hard cause you're gonna be sitting on it soon enough," Kurt moaned at me.

Kurt's cock began dripping precum and that was my que to descend on his upright prick. I took him in my mouth and began to suck the tip of his cock, tasting him before pushing him into my mouth. I blew his stiff dick as I continued to play with his balls. 

I felt warmth against my backend and knew Glen had come up behind me. He had shed his clothes because I could feel his warm thick cock pressed against my ass cheeks. He began to massage my ass and spreading it apart as he moved his 8 inches up and down my crack. 

"You like the feel of that meat on you? I bet you do you little slut," Glen said as he continued rubbing his penis over my asshole.

I quickly felt one of his hands on the back of my head and he began pushing my head down on Kurt. I slurped and sucked Kurt's manhood and began to choke a little as Glen pushed hard on my head. Kurt was thrusting up as Glen was pushing down and I was being gagged with cock. 

"Man, I never get tired of hearing that sound!" Glen told Kurt. "Only other better sound is him squealing when I fuck him up the ass."

"Ummmmmmmmmmm," was all that came from Kurt's mouth. 

I opened my mouth, sliding my lips over my teeth and letting my tongue slide under Kurt's cock as it moved past my mouth and into my throat. I was gagging but I was caught between Kurt's cock and Glen's hand and my saliva and drool splattered on Kurt's dick, balls and down my lips and chin onto the floor. 

I could go nowhere so I just relaxed and let Glen push my throat deeper onto Kurt's cock. I finally couldn't handle it and pushed back and away and Glen let me go. I can up in a wet gurgle as precum and saliva spilled out of my mouth and ran down my face and I struggled for breath.

"Mmmm... that tastes so good," I purred as I licked the tip of Kurt's cock and eyed him hungerly.

"That was fucking hot. It's my turn." Glen growled as he pulled me to the bed and laid me down on my back, my head hanging slightly over the edge.

He lined his big cock up with my mouth, tilted my head back and began to insert it into my throat. I gagged right away, but he placed his hands on each side of my head, held me in place and forced his bulging hog down my throat.

"That's right... take it down. You know you can do it. You've had it in there more than enough times," Glen said as he feed his cock to me.

I could feel it extend down into me, open my throat and filling my mouth. I was struggling to breathe through my nose as he choked me with his dick. He kept working my throat getting deeper and deeper, then he'd pull out and I'd gasp for air before he'd thrust back into my open mouth. 

He systematically throat fucked me, working his whole cock down me. I felt his balls brush across the bridge of my nose just as I felt a warm tongue begin to lick and slather up my balls. Kurt had gotten between my legs and was taking each of my nuts into his mouth and gently sucking them. It distracted me for a moment from the huge piece of meat choking me. 

Kurt continued working my balls and slipped a finger up my ass as Glen fucked my throat, working in and out of it at a steady rhythm. I just laid there and let these two men have their way with me, Glen strangling me with his cock and Kurt enjoying my balls and ass.

Finally, Glen extracted his cock from my throat, "Come here," he told me as he grabbed some lube from beside the bed and got up on the bed, pulling me up with him. 

Kurt was still fingering my ass and took the offered bottle from Glen. He poured some lube over my balls and down over his finger as he worked it in and out of me. I could feel the slippery smoothness of the lube enter me and soon Kurt had three fingers plunging into my ass. 

"Ah, yes that feels so good! Mmmm ya slide your fingers up inside me... I love it," I groaned at Kurt. "Glen I want to suck your cock."

I lay there on my back enjoying the sensation of his knuckles rippling over my sphincter and his tongue on my slippery balls. Glen knelt beside me and I turned my head to start sucking his penis. I worked the head and shaft as he played with my nipples. 

I reached down and started stroking my massive erection, it was so stiff and swollen and it felt great as I was stimulated in so many spots. Kurt took his fingers from inside me and I was about to protest when I felt the warm head of his cock against my ass. 

"I think this is what you've been wanting is it?" Kurt asked as his mushroom tip bounced against my puckered entrance.

"Ahhhh... yes! I want you both in me!"

He rubbed it up and down my hole and taint several times before moving up closer to me and easing into me. I moaned on Glen's cock as Kurt's dong started pushing my manhole open. He went slowly, letting me enjoy the sensation of having my muscles worked and they slowly retracted to let him into my rectum.

"God that feels so good!! Don't stop. Push it in deeper," I begged.

As Kurt began entering my ass Glen got on top of me in a 69 position and deposited his cock in my mouth and began sucking on mine. He went slowly as he knew too much would send me over the edge and I'd cum in his mouth. Glen didn't often suck my cock but it felt amazing to have his large body over top of me and his dick filling my mouth as Kurt began to fill my ass. 

He'd pushed past my sphincter and his shaft was penetrating my hole, easing ever deeper into my bowels. It felt amazing to begin to feel filled up as well as the heat of his condomless penis. I clenched my ass against his rigid pole, trying to grip him tightly as he slid in and out of me.

"Ya, tighten up for me. Arghhhhh even after all the fucking you've taken your still tight," observed Kurt.

Kurt buried his shaft in me and I moaned and arched my hips at him, thrusting my cock into Glen's mouth in the process. Kurt ground his hips into me, digging his cock deeper into me. Glen in response to his surprise mouthful of cock, jammed his thick dong into my mouth gagging me. I struggled under his body, my head pinned by his dick. 

I grabbed his ass and held tight as I tried to focus on breathing through my nose. Kurt noticed my body squirm and began to pump harder in and out of me. I could feel my asshole stretch and clasp him, pulling out slightly with his cock then being pushed back in with his next thrust. It sent waves of pleasure through me that made my stomach curl and my head spin. 

"Damn, you like it deep and hard," Kurt grunt. 

"Such a good little slut."

Kurt started to bang into Glen's head so he released my prick from his mouth, slide out of my mouth and knelt beside me. I gulped air in, now that my throat was free of its cock obstruction. 

"Fuuuuuck... yaaaa. Your cock feels so amazing in me Kurt!" I moaned as I kept taking cock.

Glen then began slapping his cock on my face as Kurt began to pick up speed and intensity. I loved it, I loved the feeling of having my ass pounded. No sooner did I think this then he waved Glen out of the way, put his arms under my legs and pushed them back towards my head. My hips tipped up, as did my ass, and Kurt followed, getting on his knees. My legs now spread out to the side with my feet dangling in the air across from my ears and Kurt began to push himself into me. 

"Oh yaaaaa. Ah fuck! Goddamn I love it, love it. Pound me with the dick," I demanded as he pushed hard and deep, his hips hitting my pelvis as he attempted to fit as much of his cock in me as he could.

"Yes, yes, fuck me Kurt, fuck me," I yelled as he picked up his pace and Glen reached around and began to slap my ass between thrusts. 

I groaned and moaned as he opened my insides, filling my rectum with his hot man tool. It felt so great to be pounded so hard, my cock bounced against my stomach and I supported my lower back with my hands giving him extra support to plow away at me. 

"Ya, take this dick bitch. Come on take this dick!"

I clenched my ass around his cock, struggling with all my might to hold him in my ass. It didn't work and it only exited him as he told me to tighten up more so he could feel me around him. The wet sound of his balls slapping against my ass, covered in lube and anal juice was so loud in the room and was only challenged by Glen's spanking as he said, "Look at him take that dick. Mmmm ya."

Kurt began to slow his pace, "Fuck. If I don't stop I'm going to lose it up your fuck hole," put still kept pushing in deep. 

"Don't cum yet!" I begged. "I want you both to fuck me at the same time tonight! I want you and Glen in my ass together."

Kurt leered down at me, "Oh you're getting fucking DP'd tonight. Don't worry about that. We're going to spread you so far open."

My heart skipped and my body shook a little in anticipation of what he had said was going to happen. I was getting both of them at once. My hole was going to get so stretched and worked, it excited me to no end. 

"Yes," I breathed raspily, "I want you both to fuck me, split me open and ravage my ass. Then empty your cocks into me! I want it, I want it so much." 

Kurt stopped his fucking and slowly withdrew his cock, my hungry ass didn't want to let him go put he forcefully pulled out and slapped his wet cock on my gapping cavity. He lowered my ass back onto the bed.

"Glen, stuff your prick up this hungry sluts hole and work him open for us. Then I'll join in and we'll bust him open together," Kurt said to Glen. 

"Sit up. Time for you to ride some dick," Glen said as he grabbed my arms and roughly hauled me into a sitting position. He grabbed my hips and as he laid flat on the bed he pulled me across his body. He pushed my ass down towards his throbbing cock and Kurt splashed lube all over it and some in my ass. 

"Now reach back and grab hold of my cock and set it against your hole," Glen ordered me. "Just hold it there, don't move a goddamn inch."

I did as I was told and knelt there in heart thumping expectation. Glen didn't disappoint me. His mushroom tip gently sat against my hole for a few moments then in one swift motion he inserted his thick length into me. I immediately released his cock, leaned forward and gasped in pain as he pushed through my ass and into me.

"Ohhhhhh... FUUUUCCCCKKKK!! Ahhhhhh... " I whimpered.

He held my hips firm and smiled, "Fucking big isn't it? Well, it isn't even all the way in yet!" His second thrust sunk him up to his balls in me. 

"OWWWW... ah fuckkkking Christ... ahh... uhhh... uhhh aaahhh," I cried out as I bucked my impaled body against him. "Oh shit Glen... fucking... you're so fucking big. That hurts so fucking much!"

"How you going to take two dicks if you can't handle this one?" he said as he jostled his cock in me.

My asshole spasmed and shook as Glen held his cock imbedded in me and I struggled against it. Then he began to move in and out of my ass, never letting my hips go but holding me in place and moving himself in and out. Soon the pain of his forceful entry was mixed with the pleasure of my asshole's nerves being stretched and plied by his swollen cock. After just a few strokes I was breathing in lust not pain and my breath got ragged as my hole was banged open by Glen big piece of meat. 

"Ohhhh... mmmmmm... fuck that's good. Mmmm work me open Glen. Open me up, open my insides up."

I felt Kurt standing beside me and he took advantage of my open, gasping mouth. He placed his still wet cock in my mouth and I eagerly sucked him off. My sluttiness had arrived and was taking control. I knew what I wanted and it was these two cocks fucking me and erupting in my ass. 

"Ya, suck his dick! Such a good slut. Man, I love seeing my cock spread you open. Shit that little white ass is just built for getting cock buried in it." Glen said as he watched his shaft ram in and out of bowels.

I rode Glen's cock as he began to rapidly work it in and out of my ass, my ass juices and the lube frothing up from the friction of his furious dicking. His girth spread me so open and I loved the stretched feeling my ass was getting. The strain and push against the walls of my bowels was mind blowing and I eagerly thrust against Glen's rock hard cock and gobbled Kurt's penis down. 

I could feel the sweat beading on my body as I got worked over by these two cocks, moan and grunting in pleasure. I pulled Kurt's engorged penis from my mouth and continued to jerk him off as I asked for what I really wanted. 

"DP me!! Please! Stretch my asshole out and make me your little slut. I need my hole filled with cock," I couldn't believe what I was saying or the slutty husky voice I was demanding it in. 

I grunted and groaned and gasped as Glen continued to buck into my willing rectum. Kurt pulled out of my hand and I knew it was time. I was going to have them both in me soon. Glen began to slow his pace and shortly was just resting half in me. He pulled me down against his chest, exposing my ass to Kurt's waiting cock. 

"You ready for this?" Kurt asked from behind me.

"Yes, fuck me! Don't stop even if I beg you to!!"

I felt Kurt squirt lube on my hole and felt his fingers rub it around and then felt one enter me. I gasped and jerk as his finger pushed in, my hole gladly opened to him. He continued to work lube into me and I heard him stroking himself and assumed he was lubing his penis up for the big moment.

I looked back and saw him position himself behind me, his legs spread out around me, his arm reached down behind me and I knew he was pointing his cock at my hole. His eyes were focused down 

and he began to move towards me. 

My nerves tingled throughout my body and I began to shake with anticipation. He placed his free hand on my back, moving forward slowly and I felt his cock against my hole. I watched him edge forward and felt his tip begin to push into me. He stopped and pulled the tip out and slowly pushed it in again, my hole stretched and I felt a burning sensation as he push in but not pain. 

"Mmmm yes," I moaned out and laid against Glen who wrapped his arms around me, reached back and tried to pull my ass open more for Kurt. 

I felt him jab at my whole twice more then pain shot through my body as I saw him push forward. His throbbing head pushed into my ass. It fought Glen's thick shaft for a place inside me, my muscles fighting to keep him out, the pain telling my body to move and shift. 

"Owwww... ahhhhhhh," I cried as stabs of pain lanced through me.

Glen held me firmly against him and Kurt continued a steady pressure and his cock pushed further into me. Pain spiralled out from my ass, my hips wobbled and I moaned and whimpered in the same moment.

"Ohhhh shit... fuck it hurts. Stop. Pull it out of me." I pleaded as I drew in short, rapid breaths

I felt his hand come off my back and onto my hip, 
