 I had my first and only homosexual experience when I was 18. I drove a buddy of mine home from a house party we were at and when we pulled up to his house, he invited me in for more beer. He always had alcohol in his house because his stepdad drank so of course I said yes. His room was at the back of the house so we had to be quiet so we wouldn't wake up his family. I was following him and when he stopped suddenly at the sound of a floorboard creaking underneath his shoe, I bumped into him. At the party I'd been making out with this really hot girl who was still a virgin so all she let me do was finger her. I was still hard from thinking about how nice, tight and wet her little hairless pussy felt in my hand and I felt my boner poke my buddy in the ass through his Levi's. Before starting to walk again, he turned around to look at me with a look both of surprise and excitement. He reached down, cupped my hard-on in his hands and pulled me into his bedroom. In no time we were making out, our mouths locked in on each others', the soft sucking sound of our lips drowned out by the unzipping sound of our jeans' zippers and we hurried to reach inside our pants and start to stroke each other's cocks. I knew my buddy was bisexual because he was pretty open about it but I had never been with a guy before and even though I was nervous, I couldn't help but get caught up in the moment of what we were doing and I let it continue.

At 18, both our bodies were smooth and trim, our skin soft and well toned from being young and in shape, hairless with the exception of fine black hair under our arms and treasure trails reaching down from our navels to the soft triangles of pubic hair around our cocks and ball sacs. With our shirts off and our flat toned chests pressed against each other, I could feel his cock throbbing against mine. He pulled down my boxer briefs and from his knees took my 7 inch cut cock into his mouth all at once. I felt his warm mouth slide up and down my shaft, flicking the tip with his tongue, his hand massaging my balls. I couldn't help it. His warm mouth made me cum and I shot a hot load of cum into his mouth. I saw his head jerk back when it hit the back of his throat but he never took my dick out of his mouth. He just kept on sucking me off as I kept cumming until I was spent. 

He licked my dick clean and swallowed every drop of cum. Grateful at such a great blow job he'd just given me I wanted to return the favor. I pulled down his boxer shorts and saw that his dick was slightly thicker than mine and uncut. There was something sexy about seeing another guy's dick that looked different from my own and I was really turned on by putting his cock in my mouth and feeling his foreskin slide back across his shaft in my mouth. He was half Mexican and had thicker pubic hair than I did and it tickled my nose and lips when I deep throated him. I could taste drops of precum on the tip of his dick as I licked it with my tongue. It tasted salty and thick and something about it made me want more. I stopped long enough to tell him I wanted him to cum in my mouth. After a few more minutes of sucking him, he did. He shot his cum as hard as I had and I could feel it's hot thickness fill my mouth. I started to dribble a little bit as I fought to swallow it all but before I could lick my lips, he bent down, licked it up with his own tongue and kissed me open mouth. Tasting each other's cum in our mouths as we kissed made us both hard again and he said he wanted to fuck me. 

I laid down on his bed with my stomach and chest against the mattress while he went to look for lube. He didn't have any and I heard him suck on his finger until it was dripping with his spit and he lubed my ass with it. I spit into my hand and stroked his cock. Finally, he was behind me and I felt him slowly ease his dick inside my asshole. I closed my eyes and imagined seeing his hot sexy uncut cock push through my asshole and go inside me. Once inside, he thrusted in and out, first slow until I told him I wanted it harder. He fucked me hard like that until he just couldn't hold it anymore. He said he was going to pull out but I stopped him by grabbing his ass cheeks and pushing him in closer inside me. I told him I wanted to feel him cum inside my ass and that I'd kick his ass if he pulled out. He pushed his cock deeper inside my ass and I felt him cum. He came hard. So hard it even hurt a little but it felt good more than anything else. He kept cumming inside my ass, squirt after squirt until he was spent and leaned forward against my back to rest. When he eventually pulled out, I felt streams of his cum run out of my asshole and down my crack to my balls where he licked it all up for me until I was clean.

That's been my only homo experience but I still think about it every now and then. Actually I use it to get me off when I needed to nut when I'm fucking a chick and the sex sucks. LOL When I get horny and I need to get off, I think about what we did with each other and I rub one out thinking about it. It always make me cum hard, fast, and a lot.

I often wonder if I could ever be a with a guy again...