 I have a stressful job. Don't get me wrong, I know others do too, but mine is especially chaotic on a daily basis. While some would seek some stress relief in a healthy sexual life with their spouse or partner, that's not really an option for me due to building health concerns with my wife. Sure, she tries at times, but it's really a poor, weak and largely unsatisfying effort. 

I find some solace in online fantasy play, videos, browsing personals and ads and even reading erotic stories. To put it mildly and sound like a bad cliché', never did I ever, in my wildest dreams, think I could experience one of "those" stories. 

But I did. 

There's a cleaning crew that comes in, usually mid-afternoon, to take care of the offices and bathrooms. Two twenty-something guys, the first, David, is a solidly built ginger-headed guy, the second, Sean, is a tall, lean, black-haired kid with multiple visible tattoos on his arms and neck. It's Sean that I see all the time, usually with his iPod earphones in, rocking out while he does his daily cleaning. Usually, a passing nod, a spoken "hey" and I'm gone, dragging out of the door after 7 PM while he finishes. 

Usually, but not this time. 

It was a Monday, my day had started at 6:15 AM and by 5:00 PM, I had literally hit the wall. Schedule changes, personnel problems, quality issues, power blackouts due to the rain outside. You name it, and I had to deal with it that Monday and 7 o'clock couldn't come fast enough for me. 

I stepped outside about 5:15 to check the weather. It was gently raining and while I slowly relaxed to the constant patter of the rain, I could also hear low voices coming from around the corner. I stuck my head around the wall and saw the janitors huddled together, and David was stubbing out a cigarette against the brick. Sean looked up at me and nodded and I nodded back, then retreated to my doorway. Before going back in, I stretched against the wall, hearing my shoulders pop, rolled my neck to loosen up some of the tension tightness and then headed back down the steps inside the building. The air outside felt good and cleared some of the cobwebs, but I still had a little time to go and the more I stayed out there, the less I would want to go back in. Duty called. 

Back inside and begin a 2 hour surge of activity till time to go home. But wait, in my need to experience the rain, I forgot to take care of another urge brought on by mother nature, so I stopped into the bathroom to empty out what was 3 cups of coffee from earlier in the afternoon. As I finished up, shook and was about to zip up, I heard the rolling of the cart outside in the hallway, indicating that Sean was getting ready to clean this bathroom. I'm not sure why, but for some reason, I delayed zipping until I saw the door opening. 

So here I am, Levis unzipped, belt unbuckled, green boxer briefs visible, as was a good sized lump that I was tucking into the jeans and facing the doorway as Sean came through it. Quite the picture, eh? His eyes didn't avert, as most of ours would in that situation, but instead, he zeroed in with a hungry stare and then looked at my face and grinned while I finished zipping, snapping and buckling. 

"I'll be out of your way in a second" I told him. 

"No problem, man, take your time" he replied. 

I turned to the sink and washed my hands, grabbed a paper towel to dry them and tossed it in the can as I headed out the door past Sean. 

"All yours" I joked, and as I passed through the door, I could feel his stare on my back as I left. 

Again, not sure why I deliberately exposed myself to him, but it actually lifted my spirits a bit to see the effect it had on him. Flattering actually. The next 90 minutes passed fairly quickly as I prepared for the next shift to come in. I noticed him passing my office at least twice while I worked on emails and spreadsheets. 

I kept zooming back to Sean's eyes, the hunger and lust that flashed across them. I'm certain I've read him correctly, but not sure what else I could do. The tease was a momentary chance and after all, this was my place of employment, not the best of all possible spots to be looking for a hookup. Regardless, the whole scenario was extremely arousing and I could sense the tightness in my jeans building the more I thought about it. 

Finally, time to go had arrived, I passed on what was needed to the night shift, gathered my coffee mug, cell phone and iPod and headed upstairs to go out the door. With my headphones in, listening to the Silversun Pickups, I climbed the stairs and through the door, saw the door open to the janitor's supply closet. Sean was in there, fiddling with something as I stepped through. He looked up, then down, well not all the way down, but his eyes stopped at my waist and I saw the same look in them that I had a while ago. At that point, I made a decision. 

"What ya listening to?" I asked, popping my earphones out and stepping into the oversized closet. 

"Silversun Pickups" Sean replied

"Same here" I said, "Great minds must think alike" 

At that point, I eased the door shut behind me and took a step in his direction. Sean's eyes narrowed a bit and his gaze dropped again to my waist. 

"Can you guess what I'm thinking right now?" he asked, dropping to his knees in front of me. "I saw something earlier that I'd like to see more of" 

"That's uncanny" I mumbled, "I was hoping you were thinking that way" 

Sean's eyes never wavered from my crotch as he reached out, unbuckled the belt, then my jeans and slowly pulled the zipper down, peeling the denim back like the skin of a banana, revealing again, the green shorts that were the last layer covering the prize he was seeking. Sean leaned forward and buried his face into the shorts. I could feel the moist heat of his breath, ragged and getting more urgent. I could also feel my rapidly hardening cock starting to push against his mouth, separated only by the thin layer of cotton. 

I grabbed his head and pressed his face harder into my cock, desperate to feel the softness of his lips but still wanting to tease just a bit. He opened his mouth a bit and ran his teeth along the length, gently nipping and causing a slight spasm that I felt all through my body. I exhaled a huge breath and released his head. 

"What do you want, Sean?"

"Whatever you have, man"

And with that, he reached up with both hands and pulled the belt, jeans and the shorts down in one motion, springing my cock free from the shorts and slinging a string of precum from the head across his nose and mouth. I tend to ooze quite a bit when aroused and this moment was providing a steady drool of sweet nectar that he greedily lapped from his lips and followed the string to my cock, engulfing just the head, his tongue prodding at the slit while his lips surrounded the glans and began building up suction. 

I closed my eyes and groaned, unable to remember the last time my cock had been attacked in this manner and not wanting it to end. Sean continued to work just the head, milking more precum, which by this point was practically flowing. 

With an audible "pop" he released my cock from his mouth and smiled up at me. "How long has it been?" 

"Too damn long" I said "but for a mouth with skills like that, a day would be too long" 

Sean grinned and went back to work, catching a large drop just coming out of the tip. His hands gripped my ass cheeks as he began pulling more and more of my cock into his velvety throat. I gently moved my hips forward and back, not really thrusting but more matching his movements along its length. It was obvious to me he enjoyed what he was doing and from this day forward, I felt an obligation to give him as much opportunity as he liked. 

I looked down at one point, and realized he still had his earphones in and was matching his movements to the pace and rhythm of the song he was listening to. I knew the song too and started keeping time with him as well. When that song ended, another, slightly slower one came on and he slowed his pace down to match. Minutes passed by and I closed my eyes to enjoy the feelings and sounds of this young stud who was clearly enjoying himself to my benefit. 

I opened them at one point and watched his expert mouth completely engulf my cock to the base, his nose pressed into my pubes, feeling his breath from his nostrils. His breathing was picking up and I could hear the song change to a faster, speed-metal tempo and Sean began moving in time with the music. I could feel deep within me, a stirring, a need, the beginnings of an orgasm that had nothing to do with my own hands this time, but the skilled and enthusiastic mouth and tongue of this willing cock worshiper kneeling in front of me. 

My hips began thrusting faster and I reached back around his head and began to guide him up and down on my cock, controlling the pace but still in time with the song. I felt Sean relax and let me drive, and drive I did. In and out of his mouth, from the tip of the head and plunging back down to the hilt, his marvelous throat conforming to the shape and curve and length of my cock which was nearing the point of no return. 

Any good cocksucker can tell you they know when the time comes. Sean was definitely a good one, well, more of a great one and when he sensed that I was close, he reached out with one hand and cupped my balls, even as they drew up alongside my cock and with the other hand he reached around my left cheek and skillfully found the hole and with a moistened finger, penetrated me immediately to the prostate, applying pressure as I began to cum. 

The first gush happened while he had my entire cock down his throat and as I continued; he slowly pulled off as burst after burst of cum jetted into him. His long index finger pressed into my ass and I could feel my knees buckle at the wave of sensations I was feeling. 

Finally, he pulled his finger out of me and left only my cockhead at the opening of his mouth, cum still oozing from the slit and onto his outstretched tongue. His other hand gently caressed my slowly descending balls and then stroked outward on my cock, pulling more dribbles of cum out to his waiting mouth. Then, he dove back down the length and bobbed up and back, continuing to milk every drop from me. 

Ordinarily, after I've fired off like that, my cock is so sensitive that the last thing I want is someone continuing to work me over, but tonight, not the case. Any softening that had occurred after I shot off was gone. I was as steely hard as I had been moments before I volleyed into his throat with the first shot of what had to have been 6 or 7 large bursts. I felt like there was no way I had anything left, yet the ministrations of his mouth were beginning to tell me otherwise. 

I looked down and could see him working his own cock over with one hand. I stared at the slender but long cock, glistening with saliva and my cum as his long fingers skimmed up and down the length. The flared head was bright red compared to the color of the shaft and I knew he was close to cumming himself. I focused on his hand and cock while he continued to suck my cock like it was the first time, not the second. I didn't know how long this would take and hoped he was as patient as he was skilled. 

His stroking slowed down on his own cock, and began to match the pace of the sucking on mine. From a sexual standpoint, it was as erotic a sight and sensation as I think I've ever experienced. I continued to watch him expertly worship my cock, a hand fondling my balls and occasionally moving to my hole, along the perineum, causing a thrill each time, while his other hand took care of his own needs. 

Involuntarily, I shuddered and moaned after one stroke. Sean glanced up and met my eyes and then went back to it. The sight of his black hair moving up and down, exposing and engulfing my shaft, the glistening of the saliva and then looking past that to see his own swelling organ, nearing his own orgasm, it was overwhelming and I completely surrendered to the feelings that he was causing in me. 

Again, Sean sensed my nearness and his hand moved to my ass and to the prostate. I didn't mind the invasion, knowing the enhancement to the indescribable pleasure I was already feeling. His cock was twitching below as he focused on my building orgasm, coaxing another series of volleys from my loins and into his greedily waiting mouth. While not near the volume from the time before, I swear the sensations were even more intense as his tongue, teeth and lips flew over my cock, his right hand massaged my swelling balls and his left continued to exert pressure on my prostate, almost willing additional jets of fluid from me. 

Slowly, I could feel the pressure subside and my cock begin to soften in his mouth. He released me and stood, grasping his own still swollen cock with his left hand, saliva and cum dripping from my cock and into his hand to lubricate his motion. Minutes passed and my breathing slowed and then picked back up as I realized he was nearing his own finale and he was using my fluids to do so. This after he had swallowed who knows how much of my seminal fluid without a thought to his own completion. Now, with me completely spent, he focused on himself, me a willing spectator. 

His cock was lovely, I had to admit, so different from my own. Mine was not overly long, maybe a generous 7 or more, but the claim to fame had always been it's girth, well over 6-1/2 inches, I used to joke that you couldn't wrap a dollar bill completely around it. Sean's cock was easily 9 inches or so, but slender, making it look even longer. The large head flared from the delicate shaft looking like some tall mushroom and right now, its color had resumed the deep reddish tone I'd seen earlier. 

Sean's own breathing was becoming shallow and I knew he was close so I leaned in to watch and to feel this stud as he finally cut loose. Cut loose he did too, cum spurting from the head like a fire house at a 3 alarm fire. The first shot arched in the air, barely missing my sleeve, but the next he aimed squarely at my cock and proceeded to cover it with his own spunk with shot after shot until he finally gave out. 

Sean grinned and looked at what he'd done, "Guess I'll have to clean that up, won't I?" he said to me. 

"Guess so" I answered, and then watched as he dove back onto my cock, tongue flying around and then taking the semi-hard length back into his mouth to finish the cleanup.

Even this was starting to stir me back up and I knew that a third time was almost asking too much of my 40-something body. Not that I cared how much this would wear me out. This was absolutely the best blowjob, or blowjobs that I'd ever had in my life and I damn sure didn't want it to stop too soon. I could see Sean's cock twitching and starting to harden again and I knew he was enjoying this as much as I was. How fortunate to find someone who gets off on giving pleasure that much. Lucky me! 

So I leaned back and let the young man have his fun, because that just the way I am.