 "Damn!" my opponent gasped as my shot hit nothing but net, and with that our game ended with me winning by the score of 21-17.

The game was a lot closer than that, and I had to admit that the old guy had turned out to be a tough opponent despite me at 18 being around three times Steve's age.

Steve was a guy I had never met before today, but had joined a bunch of us who had started to gather on Saturdays at this deserted basketball court in the rear of a recently closed elementary school.

We had a regular 5 on 5 game earlier where Steve and I had been on opposite teams and we had guarded each other. Steve was a little shorter and lighter but was a very physical player with his hands constantly on me, nudging and pushing a bit more than most of the rest of the guys who were playing, but I didn't mind because as long as it stayed clean I love the contact.

"Great game," I said as I put my arm over Steve's shoulder, his t-shirt drenched to the bone.

"Best man won," Steve responded as he put his arm over my shoulder, which was bare because I had taken my shirt off long ago when we were playing full court as skins and shirts.

After everybody else had gone home Steve suggested that we play against each other, and after I accepted Steve suggested that I keep my shirt off for the one-on-one game, "so we could tell the sides apart."

I had chuckled about that but even before that I had gotten a feeling about Steve. Nothing I could really put my finger on, but there was something with the way his hands were always on me and the way he would look at me that made me think that maybe...

Well, maybe it made me think Steve and I had a lot more in common than liking basketball and physical contact, and while Steve was considerably older than I was he was in excellent shape.

So as we leaned against the chain link fence and caught our breaths I was aware of Steve looking at me as he drank some of the remaining water before handing me the bottle.

I probably smell by now, I figured as Steve came up to me and handed me the water, his eyes focused on my right armpit which was exposed with my hand grasping the chain links over my head.

I said that out loud with a chuckle when I took the bottle in my left hand, and Steve stayed in front of me as I drank.

"You make that sound like it's a bad thing," Steve said with a smile.

"Well..." I said, and then Steve was reaching over and putting his hand under my arm, his fingers digging into the fur that was plastered against my skin.

"Damn, you're hairy," Steve said, his eyes darting between my armpit and my eyes, searching for my reaction as he raked his fingernails gently through my soggy and musky armpit. "If I'm out of line a simple stop will suffice."

"Understood," I said as a tingle went down my spine.

"Nobody comes back here, do they?" Steve asked as his eyes darted around.

"Not usually," I said of the quiet and isolated area. "Especially as the sun goes down."

"Got a thing for hairy and sweaty guys and I wanted to do this since we started playing," Steve confessed just before leaning forward, his eyes on mine as his face moved closer and closer to my armpit, and when his tongue landed on the upper inside of my bicep I let out a groan which got louder as his tongue slid down through the funky jungle. "You like?"

I nodded while Steve's lower torso leaned against me, and I could feel his cock pressing into my crotch. His was hard inside his soggy shorts and mine was on the way to getting there.

"Oh man, you're hung too," Steve was saying after his hand slid under the elastic of my shorts and grabbed my stiffening manhood as he kept licking my armpit. "I'm not."

"Don't care," I groaned as I dropped the water bottle and grabbed his bulge, which wasn't overly big but was fine enough and very stiff.

"Want you to fuck me in the ass," Steve grunted.

"Where?" 

"Don't care," Steve said. "Here."

I thought Steve was kidding until he pulled away from me and went over to the little bag he brought with him and pulled out a tube of lube hidden under a towel while kicking off his shorts.

His uncut cock was slender and so stiff it curled upwards as he lubed himself before tossing me the lube and bending over and putting the top of his skull against the chain link fence.

A minute later despite my initial trepidation at getting caught, my shorts and briefs were around my ankles and my cock was primed and pointed at the tan balloon knot between Steve's pale cheeks.

"Give it to me hard," Steve insisted as I tried to squeeze the fat knob of my cock into Steve's tight anus, but while it was tough getting the head in, once the glans popped in my tool sunk right into his hot cavity. 

"Aww!" Steve groaned as I slid deeper and deeper into his rectum, and as he moaned and bent over a little more his hands clutched the chain link fence and sobbed, "I want it all!"

Steve got it all, and after I sunk all 7 or 8 inches into him and slowly extracted it I relished the sounds he made and the sight of his weathered fingers turning whiter as they squeezed the fence. When I leaned forward again I didn't go slowly but slammed in hard and fast.

Any fear I had of hurting him went away when I felt Steve push back against me, so my hands grabbed his bony hips to brace myself as I began to pound away. Sweat was flying off me and sprayed onto the man's back as I looked around the deserted playground, gratefully noticing that we had no company as I went into another gear.

I was rather brutal but probably not rough enough for my older partner who seemed to relish the way I was practically lifting him off his feet with every thrust. Feeling the end was near I leaned over Steve while sliding my hand from his hip and reaching around, finding his cock still erect.

So erect that I had to pry the prong downward from his stomach to get my fist around it, and while he barely had more than a handful I could feel the steel rod pulsating as I yanked hand and fast. Despite my trying to hold back I came first, and after filling Steve's bowels with my seed and beginning to go limp I felt Steve's cock lurch in my fist.

Steve's head was leaning against the fence as he came, spurting his cum on the ground while letting out a moan of pleasure. My cock finally slithered out of Steve's savaged anus, and after I gave his dick a couple of final tugs to milk him dry I let go.

"Wow!" I said after taking a step around Steve and putting my back against the fence.

"I'll say!" Steve said as he straightened up, and although he claimed to be worn out in all honesty he looked better than I did.

Sweat was pouring off my steaming hot skin and while Steve was sweaty too I think most of what was on him came from me, and when I mentioned that he smiled and thanked me with a chuckle.

"Up for another game?" Steve offered as he pulled his shorts back up, and even reached over and pulled mine up from around my ankles.

"Are you kidding?" I asked, and although Steve chuckled I'm not sure he was or even whether he was talking basketball or sex.

"There's always next week," Steve opined with a twinkle in his eye. "Hope you guys need another player again."

"Me too," I agreed while Steve went over and grabbed my shirt from the ledge it had been resting.

"Give me something to remember you by," Steve said as he held onto my shirt and leaned forward to suck on my nipple while running his free hand over my smooth and slick skin.

"Like Dom Perignon to me," he said with a shrug before sliding his tongue from my chest and over to my side, and since I knew where he was headed I raised my arm for him and let him tongue my armpit, sending tingles down my spine and perfectly content to let him continue until he was satisfied.

"Next week then," Steve finally said as he smacked his lips and handed me my shirt. "Don't forget me."

"No chance of that," I mumbled as I watched my new friend leave, and I realized that not only would I be here with the other guys for the full-fledged game, the chances were that I while I would play the 5 on 5 contest I would really be looking forward to what would happen after the other 8 guys left.

****

thank you for reading