 "You're a pervert! Mommy says you like boys, not girls!"

I was talking to my daugther on line via an instant message service and I was shocked at what I was seeing. She had been at my house the night before and demanded that I take her home after seeing something on the computer she said she should never have seen. She wouldn't tell me what it was, but I knew there were some adult websites buried deep in my internet browser that she might have discovered. 

"Dad, mom said you cheated on her with a man. And you have Playboy magazines and X rated movies at your apartment. I don't ever want to see you again. In fact mom is taking me to her attorney tomorrow to get full custody."

I panicked. I cleared my browser of all files and cache, threw away my adult magazines and movies. All were more than 10 years old but she was right, I probably shouldn't have that sort of thing around my place.

I called a friend for advice about an attorney and he gave me L.H. Smith, attorney at law's phone number and I dialed the number immediately. Fortunately I was able to set up a meeting the next morning to meet with Mr. Smith to discuss my situation.

I drove to a nice area in Brentwood, just west of Los Angeles, and was impressed by the offices of Smith and Smith. His beautiful blonde secretary sat me down in an office and told me Mr. Smith would be with me in a few minutes. First I had to complete some forms, and financial information. 

About 15 minutes later Mr. Smith walked in and I was shocked to be standing in front of a 6'4" tall, in-shape black man who was about 60 years old. 

"Mr. Styx, how do you do? Let me take a few minutes to review your information here."

After a few minutes he asked me to tell him what was going on and what had transpired since my divorce three years before.

I explained my daughter's IM's and the threat to go to an attorney, and let him know that while I had been with a few men in the past and did have some old issues of adult magazines and movies, I was by no means a pervert. 

"Mr. Styx, the court may take a different view of your lifestyle. Let me ask you some pointed questions, and I expect you to be honest and completely open with me, or I will not represent you. Do you understand?"

I told him I understood.

"Very well. Did you cheat on your wife with another man?

"Yes, after I discovered her in bed with another man, I went off the deep end and explored my bi side."

"I see, and she discovered this?"

"Yes, I believe she set me up and had it video taped, and used it against me to get our divorce."

"Are you dating anyone at this time?"

"Yes, I am dating a couple of women, but nothing serious."

"I see. And how many men have you been with Mr. Styx?"

"I don't see where that is important Mr. Smith."

"Mr. Styx, you said you would be honest with me, now tell me. How many men have you been with, and how often?"

"I've been with five men. Two of them I see about once a month."

"I see. How did you meet the men you've been with??

"On line, in chat rooms."

"You mean you just met them on line and met them?"

"Yes. I didn't care much about what they looked like, I was just interested in one thing, sucking their cocks."

"Are you dating these men or servicing them now, or what?"

I felt humiliated, telling another man about my experiences with other men, but I wanted to get this over with and stay out of court.

"The two I am seeing are both married. Their wives no longer suck their cocks, so I do. That's all. I meet them in a hotel room, suck their cocks and leave. There is no other feelings between us."

"Very well. All you do is suck cock. You don't swallow cum do you? Or suck their balls do you?

"Well, yes I do. That's all part of it."

"Mr. Styx, based on what you've told me so far, you are not living a normal lifestyle. Tell me what you look at on line when you visit adult websites."

"I like to see women sucking men's cock. I really enjoy seeing a married woman sucking more than one man's cock and balls, and ass. It turns me on to think she's cheating on her husband."

"How do you know they are married?"

"If they are wearing wedding rings I assume they are married and cheating."

"Now Mr. Styx, you say you've been with five men, two on a regular basis. Do they both cum in your mouth?"

"No, they are both different. One just likes me to suck his cock and he forces me to swallow his cum. The other, an Asian man, makes me suck his cock, his balls and his ass. He always pulls out and cums on my face. He loves doing that."

"I see. And you don't think your on line activities or your bisexual activities with men are perverted?"

"No," I answered sheepishly. I've thought of myself as a normal, average 50 year old man."

"Mr. Styx, have you ever sucked a black man's cock?"

"No, of course not." Suddenly I felt very small having admitted I had not been with a black man and indicating I didn't want to be.

"When you are on line, does it turn you on to see a white woman sucking a black man's cock and balls?"

"Yes."

"So, you are not only a pervert, you are also a bigot. Is that right?"

"No, not at all Mr. Smith. I do not appreciate this line of questioning."

"Mr. Styx, I am trying to discover who you are so I can properly represent you before the court system. Do you want to keep the visitation rights you currently enjoy with your daughter?"

"Yes, of course I do."

"Are you willing to do what I say to keep those rights?"

"Yes, anything."

"Anything?"

"Yes, anything Mr. Smith. I don't have a lot of money, but I am willing to do whatever it takes."

"Very well, please sign this form and I will return in a few minutes. What is your wife's phone number where she would be this time of day?"

I gave him her cell phone and he left the room.

About five minutes later he returned with a stern look on his face.

"I can work this out for you. It will cost you $5,000 up front, plus some work on your part. I can keep this out of the court system, but you must do everything I tell you to do. Do you understand?"

"Yes."

Mr. Smith stood up and walked around his desk, standing a few inches from me. He looked down at me and told me to get on my knees. 

I didn't question him, I did as I was told.

He unzipped his blue woolen slacks and pulled them down. I was surprised how black his body was and noticed he wore shocking white boxers. He pulled them down and out dropped his soft cock, about 6 inches long.

"Kiss it you perverted white boy. Show me what you can do. I want to introduce you to black cock."

Suddenly I realized what he wanted. I was about to suck my first black cock, and it scared the hell out of me. I was trying to prove I wasn't what he thought, but my head was automatically moving toward his cock.

My lips kissed the head and the black snake seemed to wake up and begin to enlarge.

"I want it sucked perv, not kissed. Do it now!"

I opened my mouth, sucking his hardening cock into my mouth noticing his dark skin was a bit rougher than the white guys I had been with, but his cock seemed to taste the same. 

He pushed it all the way to the hilt, my lips touching his kinky pubic hair, but this was relatively easy because he was still very soft. 

I love the feeling of a cock hardening in my mouth, and as I moved back and forth on his black shaft I got my wish. His cock became rock hard, and a full 9 inches long. Now I was having problems getting more than a few inches into my mouth, but his hands on the back of my head kept forcing a little more into my mouth, to the back of my throat every time I went back down on it. I gagged.. and he eased back.

"You love cock, don't you boy? You need to learn that black cock is the king cobra of cock. It is what makes the black male the superior stud of the human race. That's why white women love us. That's why you will learn to worship this black cock."

I could only moan a yes as I continued to suck his cock. He pulled my mouth off his cock and instructed me to lie on the floor. As I did he lowered his balls into my mouth. Big, hairy balls, and I could smell his morning shower on his body, fresh and clean. He pulled up slightly and moved a bit and suddenly I was sticking my tongue in his ass. 

"Lick it. I want that tongue to fuck my ass boy, hard, and as deep as you can get it."

I did as I was told, and not only stuck it in deep, I moved it back and forth, and he seemed to really like that.

"God that's great. Someone has taught you well boy. Keep it up."

My tongue was getting tired, and saliva was running back into my mouth. He finally relented and let me lick his hairy balls again, then he turned around and began to slowly face fuck me.

I couldn't believe it. I was paying this guy to prove I wasn't a pervert, and he was fucking my face with his huge black cock. As much as I hated it, I loved it. 

"Now, I've talked to your wife and I need to work things out, so I suggest you come back later tonight to my office," he said as he continued to slide his cock in and out of my mouth. "I have additional plans for you and need to be able to prove you are not the pervert your ex wife believes you to be. Can you be here tonight, about 8:00?"

I moved my head up and down, indicating yes.

His body stiffened and he started to pull his cock out of my mouth. Then suddenly he jammed it back in and pulled it out so only the head was in my mouth. I was so worried about his face fucking that I didn't realize until it was too late that he was cumming. The first shot took me by total surprise. I wanted to catch what he had and spit it out, but after three massive shots my mouth was full and he had pinched my nose so I couldn't breathe. I had to swallow, and I did.

I am always amazed at how warm cum is, and his was very hot, and tasted bitter, and I loved every drop of it. After two more mouthfuls he was done and he ordered me to lick his cock clean.

"Okay Mr. Styx. Tonight, 8:00. Don't be late."

I left, not knowing what would happen tonight.