 Author's note: These stories are some of my first attempts and are at least 20 years old. They were written for a story sharing site. While they're not Tolstoy, they're not entirely horrible. Maybe someone will enjoy them. Just be gentle with your judgments, please.

*****

1) Daddy's Boy

There was a young guy that I knew from the gym whose name was Ed. In his early 20's, he was about 5'8", with a tight, well muscled body and a nice fat cock. Best of all, he had a smooth, hairless melon shaped ass that I was madly in lust with. We played around in the steam room on occasion and I had spent some time tonguing his hole but had never had the opportunity to fuck him as I so badly wanted to, since neither of us could host then.

One day at the gym he told me that when he left he was going to visit a friend of his, a guy in his early sixties named Neil. He said that he got together with him on a regular basis and that Neil was very well built, slim and had a massive 9 inch uncut cock that Ed loved sucking on. The only problem between them was that Ed wanted that big dick up his ass but Neil had never fucked a guy and refused to. I told him to invite me to come along and I'd fuck his hole while he sucked Neil's dick and maybe we'd persuade him to do the same when he saw how I enjoyed it. He gave Neil a call and set it up.

When we got to Neil's house, he opened the door nude and was exactly as Ed had described him. He was a redhead, taller than me and had a slim, tight body with a big fat uncut piece of meat swinging between his legs. He took us to the bedroom and Ed and I stripped while he lay on the bed with his legs spread, watching and stroking his big cock to a hard on. Ed lay on his belly between his legs and started sucking on his hard cock and I lay down on top of Ed. I got my hand around the base of Neil's cock and said, "Let me have a taste." 

Ed took his mouth off of the cock head and started sucking on his balls while I sucked his juicy hard meat into my mouth. It was long and veiny and I could feel the blood pulsing through it when I bobbed my head up and down the length. His foreskin was loose around the head and I sucked up a mouthful and stuck my tongue in to taste his piss hole which was leaking pre-cum.

Much as I love sucking on a big uncut cock, I love eating a hairless ass even more, so I let Ed have that cock all to himself while I slid down and buried my face in his perfect ass before spreading his cheeks with both hands. It was even better than I remembered, smooth and silky with a puckered pink hole. I ran my tongue up the length of his crack, then back down till my tongue found his pucker. I licked it and Ed moaned, so I licked faster and harder till I felt it relaxing and then I buried as much of my tongue as possible in his asshole. He arched his back and pressed his ass against my face and I pulled his cheeks even further apart while I fucked my tongue in and out of his hole. He pulled his mouth off of Neil's big dick, looked over his shoulder and said, "Stick your dick in me!"

I said to Neil, "Give me hand here. Spread his cheeks while I slide my dick in." 

Neil got up on his knees and leaned down and spread Ed's ass and I pulled a cock-ring tight around my stuff, then slowly lubed up the length of my cock and pressed my cock head against his hole. 

"This is my favorite part." I said to Neil and he watched as I slowly sank my cock in Ed's hole to my balls. 

Neil's cock was standing up rock hard, a true thick nine inches and I reached over and gave it a few friendly strokes so that I could watch the loose foreskin slide back and forth over the big purple head. 

I pulled Ed up on his knees doggy style and said to Neil, "Fuck his throat while I fuck his ass!" 

Neil got back into his former position and Ed started swallowing as much cock as he could get down his throat while I slowly started fucking his ass. As I slid in and out, I'd move my hips in a clockwise motion so that my cock hit first one side, then the other of Ed's fuck chute. When I was buried full length in his ass, I'd wiggle my hips from side to side so that it felt like I was widening his hole. He loved it, moaning every time my cock slid into his hole and I picked up the tempo and fucked his ass harder. Neil pulled his cock out of Ed's mouth and got on his knees on the side of the bed so that he could watch my cock piston in and out of Ed's fuck hole. 

We were both dripping in sweat and Ed said, "I need a break!" so I slowly pulled my cock out of his ass. 

He hopped off the bed and headed for the john and as Neil stood up beside me, I reached over and gave his big hard cock a few tugs so that I could watch the loose foreskin slide up and down and cover the head, and then Neil leaned forward and buried his cock in my mouth. He fucked my mouth a few strokes and I gagged every time his big fuck stick went down my throat. I pulled the big cock out of my mouth and lay back on the bed with my legs spread. 

"Put your cock and balls against mine." I said and Neil climbed on the bed between my legs with one leg over and one leg under me so that I balls were pressed against each other's. I reached down and grabbed both of our cocks so that they were pressed together in my hand and slowly started stroking, feeling them slide against each other in a slick mix of spit and ass juice.

Ed came out of the john about then and I said, "Too bad you can't get both of these cocks in your hole at the same time." 

"I wouldn't be too sure about that." he said and climbed on the bed so that his feet were on either side of our hips. 

"Wait a minute..." Neil said, but it was too late, Ed was already lowering his ass over our two cocks. 

Ed was facing me and I got to watch as his hole slowly swallowed first the head of Neil's cock, and then slowly slid down to take in my cock head, too. An inch at a time he lowered himself onto the two cocks pressed together in his ass until he had both of them balls deep up his hole. I watched his leg muscles flex and his hard cock bounce as he slowly started to ride up and down. I could feel his chute sliding up and down my shaft and at the same time, I could feel Neil's hard cock pressing against and sliding on mine. 

Neil was gasping for air like a man who'd just run a race and after only a few strokes of Ed's tight asshole, I felt Neil's cock harden even more and then felt it spasm as he shot his juice deep in Ed's ass. I could feel his warm juice coating my own cock head where it was lodged in Ed's hole and then I could feel his cock sliding down against my own as he pulled back on the bed and popped out of Ed's stretched hole. I pushed Ed backwards, onto his back, so that his head rested on Neil's thigh next to his softening cock and pulled his legs up over my shoulders. 

I started plowing his ass for all it was worth, feeling the warm cum in his hole lubing my dick and hearing the slurping noises his stretched hole made as I fucked him, harder and harder. My balls started tightening and I buried my cock in his guts as my cum pumped out of my piss slit. When the last drop was drained from my balls, I slowly drew my cock out of his hole. I looked down and Ed's cock was hard as a crowbar and between his wide spread legs I could see his reddened, gaping hole with a stream of fresh cum running out of it. I lowered my mouth onto his hard dick and after only sucking it for a moment; he arched his back and shot a gusher of cream down my throat.

I managed to hook up with Ed a few times after that and each time he was crazy hot sex, loving the way I ate his hole and then fucked him. Surprisingly, a few weeks later I also got a call from Neil. He'd gotten my number from Ed and after small talking for a few minutes, he told me that he's been thinking about having his virgin ass fucked and he'd liked the way I fucked Ed's hole... but, that's another story! 

2) Dipped In Chocolate

Sometimes, it seems that the hottest fuck sessions happen when you don't even try!

Not long ago, I responded to an ad that was pretty minimal, 37 year old guy wanting his ass fucked ASAP. All he wanted to know in return was how big my cock is, how long I could fuck him and how soon I could get there. I hopped in the car and was at his place about a half hour later.

We had exchanged the barest minimum of info so I was very pleasantly surprised when he opened the door and was African American. I like any kind of guy but a special turn on for me is a dark skinned guy, and this guy was a dark chocolate color, like the sweetest Hershey's and I couldn't wait to get a taste!! Tall and slim, he was wearing a loose t-shirt and baggy shorts and as soon as I was inside the door, I couldn't resist sliding my hand down his waistband and getting my fingers between his firm cheeks to feel his hot hole. His asshole was the kind that, when you finger it, it blooms open and almost sucks your finger in and I was already hard just thinking about getting my tongue and cock up it.

It was a studio apartment so the bed was right inside the door and I sat down on the end of it and watched as he pulled the shirt over his head. His chest and stomach were hairless, his nipples flat like dark coins on his chest and the muscles were so well defined that I could watch them move under his skin. He stood in front of me as I pulled the loose shorts down and got happy surprise number two! His small patch of pubes was trimmed tight, flat to his body and he had a big uncircumcised cock and a loose sack with big balls hanging down. What was really special was that his cock and balls were several shades darker than his surrounding skin, almost a true black and I was just about overwhelmed by how beautiful it looked. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, I got another surprise. I grabbed his fat cock and stroked it, pulling the foreskin back and the fat head of his cock peeked out. It was a pale rose color and the contrast between the two flesh tones was absolutely gorgeous.

Well, I was already in heaven as I sucked his beautiful dick down my throat and would have been perfectly happy to spend our time together just servicing his cock and balls, but he had other plans. He let me get a good taste of his delicious dick, then pulled it from my mouth and turned around so that his ass was in front of my face.

His buns were two perfect globes with a deep cleft between them and I grabbed one in each hand. They felt like hard rubber that was covered in silk and I leaned forward to rub my face on them. I ran my cheek over his cheeks, then started at the bottom and trailed my face up his crack. He bent slightly forward and I did the same thing again, only this time with my tongue out so it just grazed the inside of his crack. He responded by pushing his ass back against my face and I knew he was ready to.

I'd been hungry for the taste of his ass since I walked through the door so I stood up and pushed him back onto the bed, got on my knees and raised his legs. As his ass spread open, I saw that like his cock, his ass crack was darker and the crack was extra deep because his buns were so plump. I pushed his legs all of the way up so his knees were at his shoulders and I could see his hot little pucker as it tightened and pulsed. My cock was so hard just looking at it I thought I might shoot my load then and there.

Instead, I buried my face between his cheeks and savored the feel of his smooth ass on my face. After a minute, I stuck my tongue out and slowly trailed it up one side of his crack and when I reached the top, I licked back down the other side. I then let my tongue trail up the center groove till it just lightly grazed his asshole and his body jerked from the sensation. I delicately licked his hole a few times like a kitten lapping milk, then without warning rammed my tongue as far up his ass as I could get it. He threw his legs up even higher and thrust his ass against my face so that my nose and eyes felt his big ball sac riding them and I tongue fucked his hole fast and hard. He was bucking and moaning as my tongue slid in and out and I could feel his hole tighten around my tongue with each thrust. I pulled back and blew a soft breath against his wet pucker and watched it tighten from the feeling, and then put a thumb on each side so I could spread it open. As his hole blossomed, I saw that the inside was the same pink as his cock head and I buried my face in his crack and lapped at his spread hole. Anybody who's into eating ass knows how intense that feeling is and he was squirming on the bed like his hole was being tasered.

He pulled away from me and swung around so that he was up on his knees and his gorgeous ass was spread open. 

"I need a cock in me." he said and I grabbed my hard dick in my hand and rubbed it up and down his crack. 

He handed me an open jar of lube and I smeared some on us both, and then positioned my cock head against his sweet pucker. With just a little pressure, his hole opened around the head and he thrust back hard so I was balls deep in him at one stroke. His ass was my favorite kind to fuck...his hole tight and clamped around my cock while his fuck chute was loose and hot. I looked down and watched my pale dick slide in and out of his ebony ass, one of the most beautiful sights on earth...

He wasn't there for a show, though, and he groaned "Fuck my ass! HARD!" and I picked up the tempo and slammed my hips against his plush ass as hard as I could. "That's it," he said, "pull back farther. Let me feel all of It." so each time, I pulled my cock almost all the way out of his ass before I slammed it all the way back up his hole. 

I love a bottom who knows how to order his fucking the way he likes it, so I pounded away at his hole. He was gasping each time I hit bottom in his ass and between his noises, the feel of his tight asshole sliding over my cock and the sight of my cock sliding in and out of his dark ass, I couldn't hold back. I shot a gusher of cum up his guts while buried deep in his ass.

He was a little disappointed that I'd stopped fucking his hole and distinctly pissed off when I backed out and popped my dick out of his asshole. He fell to his side with an annoyed look and I got to my knees and turned him onto his back. His big uncut dick was still hard and I grabbed hold of it and skinned the hood back over the head, then licked the slit to taste his pre-cum. His mood improved as I licked his dick head, and then let the big pink head slide into my mouth till it hit the back of my throat. I grabbed his cock around the base with one hand so that it swelled up even harder and with the other hand I started finger fucking his juicy asshole while I slid my hot mouth up and down as much of his cock as I could swallow.

In a few minutes time, he started bucking his hips and fucking my mouth and I sank two fingers deep in his ass so I could feel his prostate swell as I stroked it. I knew he was ready to cum so I wasn't surprised when he rammed his cock hard down my throat and I felt it swell as his juice rose in it to flood my mouth. His hole was clamped around my fingers like a vise and I felt at least five good shots of cum splash against my tonsils out of his fat cock head while I wiggled my fingers in his hole. I savored the taste of his delicious cum while slowly sliding my fingers out of his ass, then swallowed his load and let his cock slide out of my mouth. It was still half hard with the foreskin retracted so the shiny pink head was fully exposed and seeping the last few drops of cum out of his piss slit.

A gorgeous man, a beautiful cock, balls and ass, a scorching hot fuck and a big load of delicious cum in my belly...ain't life GRAND??!! 

3) Fucking the Maintenance Man 01

I used to work for an inner city agency which had renovated several buildings in the same block. Shortly after starting there, I became aware of one of the maintenance men. He was my height, 6', slim and about ten years younger than me. Whenever I would see him around the buildings, he'd stop and talk for a minute or wave but he always had a small half grin, very sexy and very flirty.

One day, he spent quite a while working in the suspended ceiling near my cubicle. He was on a ladder with the top half of his body inside the ceiling so all that I could see from below was his rounded ass and bulging basket. I stared so hard, I'm surprised his pants didn't catch fire! Anyway, when he came down, he stopped and talked and told me that he'd been working late all week because his boss was out of town and every evening he was spending time in his office to keep up with paperwork. As he was leaving, he gave me that sexy half smirk again and said, "Stop by and say hi on your way out, sometime."

Needless to say, I worked an extra hour that afternoon so that there were few people still at the agency when I left. The maintenance supervisor's office was on a long corridor that ran the length of the basement, with a door at one end that lead to the parking lot, so I could "innocently" go out that way, should I choose...and I did.

When I got to that office, the door was open and he was sitting at the desk. I stopped and looked in; he got up from behind the desk and came toward me. He grasped the front of my shirt, pulled me into the office, shut the door with his other hand and kissed me on the mouth. I was instantly hard and reached around to cup that sweet ass I'd been staring at for days. He wasn't the least bit shy about kissing another man; his tongue was in my mouth and his hands all over me. I could feel his hard cock pressing against mine and reached down to rub it.

He pulled me over to the desk chair, undid my pants and pushed them down to my knees so that my hard cock sprang straight up. He pushed me down into the chair, sank to his knees and lowered his mouth to my throbbing dick. This was definitely not his first dick because he sucked like a pro! He bobbed his head up and down so I could feel my cock head hit the back of his throat, and then used his wt hand to jack my cock while licking and sucking my balls. By this time, I had his shirt open and was pinching his hard nipples and making him moan.

I pulled him up off of my dick so that he was standing in front of me, open his belt and fly and pulled his pants down so that his hard cock sprang out in my face. His cock was thicker at the head than at the base and about 7 inches long, so wide that there was a wide flat area on the top and underneath his piss tube bulged out of the shaft. He was uncut and when I rolled back his foreskin, there was no piss slit in his cock head! 

"Never seen one like that, have you?" he asked. "Find the hole."

I examined his cock and found the slot at the base of the front of his head, rather than on the top. "Works the same, anyway" he said. I took the fat head in my mouth and sucked and tongued it until he pulled away and took off all of his clothes.

I was still sitting in the desk chair and after he was nude, he climbed up onto the desk on his hands and knees so that his sweet ass was in front of me. His crack was hairless and his tiny pucker was pink as a rose bud. What else could I do, confronted with that, except bury my face between his cheeks and start tonguing his hole. That really turned him on, he started swaying his ass and thrusting back to ride my tongue, all the while his thick cock and big balls bouncing between his spread legs. After eating my fill of his hole, I stood up and ran my hard cock up and down his crack. He sighed and pressed his ass back against me. There was a lotion container on the desk, so I grabbed it and lubed up my shaft and pressed my cock head against his little pink pucker. He pressed back so that my hard cock slid into him in one go. His ass was incredibly hot inside and his chute gripped my cock along the entire length. I started fucking his ass and he moaned in pleasure.
