 It began innocently enough. I had to re-wire the house or risk loosing it to fire due to old and faulty wiring, and he, a recently divorced father of two, needed work. He was licensed, insured and bonded so we signed a contract and he began work.

However when I first met Larry I was a little apprehensive. Approximately 6'2" and about 200 pounds, covered in tattoos Larry looked like a man who had done some time or at least had had his share of wild days in his youth. Not that he was old; Larry appeared to be in his mid to late 30's with blond hair and blue eyes and if it wasn't for his tattoos he could look the part of a Harvard preppie. But his laid back demeanor and friendly smile made me trust him, and on the second meeting he was forced to bring his kids along. I thought that such a dotting single father couldn't be bad despite his appearance.

When Larry first showed up on Thursday I was quite surprised. He was wearing a muscle T-shirt and loose cut-off shorts which showed that Larry was not a stranger to gym. While not overly muscular he did have the well-defined muscles and bulk that let everyone know, "Hey, I'm fit".

Larry began to unloading the tools he would need for the job off his truck and I returned to my office. About an hour later I felt what I thought was an earthquake and knew that Larry must be drilling somewhere near the house. As I went out to investigate I found Larry standing on a ladder cutting a small patch of stucco out the wall so he could drive conduit through it. 

As I walked near the base of the ladder and looked up I was shocked! Larry wasn't wearing any underwear and there in plain view was the biggest cock I've ever seen. It had to be 9 inches long and at least two inches in girth. It was smooth and uncut. I found myself mesmerized by it and suddenly I felt a small urge of excitement as I looked at his monster laying against his very well-defined calf.

Because Larry was using a saw he could not look down at me while we spoke so I had ample opportunity to continue admiring his tool without being seen. Surprisingly I felt my own cock begin to stiffen and not wanting to be discovered I returned to my office to ponder what I had just experienced.

I tried to continue working but the image of that cock kept creeping into my thoughts. I needed another reason to try to take another peek so I went outside to strike up a conversation with Larry.

As we talked a found Larry to be friendly and easy going. I also discovered that because he had been given custody of his children his dating had been very limited for a quite some time. His kids are rather young and he doesn't want to expose him to the often traumatic experience of other women in their lives.

I was trying desperately to take another peek under his shorts but he was standing working on an outlet so it was impossible. A short time later I excuse myself and returned to my office; after all I didn't want to be obvious or bother him too much with idle talk.

A couple of hours later I noticed that there weren't any sounds coming from the house so I decided to investigate. I found Larry on his back and under the kitchen sink trying to gain access to some wiring which came out of the bathroom.

Once again I had a clear view of Larry huge cock right in front of me. It looked even bigger than before as I was much closer now. I had to admit to myself that it was the most fascinating cock I'd ever seen and somehow I felt myself aroused by it, wanting to touch it, perhaps even taste it.

I quickly formulated a plan. Since it was close to noon I asked Larry if he wouldn't mind taking a break and sharing a sandwich and beer with me. It was a rather warm day and he readily agreed. I quickly made a couple of sandwiches and got a couple of beers from the fridge. I then invited Larry to the patio where there was shade and chairs which I knew would not allow him to sit without showing himself.

He sat across from me and just as I had planned his cock was clearly visible and poking through one of the legs of his cut-offs. We spoke about all kinds of things and as we did I kept glancing at his cock. I am sure that Larry must've have seen me a couple of times but the didn't say a word. In fact, I noticed his cock flinch a couple of times and I could've sworn that it was becoming semi-hard. 

However my plan didn't seem to have worked so we finished our lunch and we both returned to work.

Sometime in the afternoon I once again found the house rather quiet and went looking for Larry to see what he was up to. That's when things definitely took a turn.

I found Larry in the bathroom leaning against the sink with his eyes closed stroking his cock! I couldn't move, I couldn't speak. When fully erect Larry's cock had to be well over 10 inches long and almost 3 inches wide. The head of it was large and purple and by the amount of pre-cum fluid sipping out of it, I could guess that it had not seen any action in a while.

I figured that I had found him in a compromising position at best so I walked over and from somewhere inside of me I found the courage to grab his huge dick. He was startled to be sure, but didn't seem to mind. He looked at me and then down at the hand that held his cock and simply said;

"That feels nice. It's been a while since anyone else touched it."

"I can finish this for you if you don't mind."

"Not at all", Larry almost whispered as the sensation of my hand on his cock overwhelmed him.

I began to pump his cock slowly, enjoying every exquisite long inch. I spread his pre-cum juice all over it and used it to lubricate my massage on him. Larry closed his eyes again, threw his head back and just groaned and bucked his hips in rhythm to my pumping.

I don't know what came over me but suddenly I wanted to suck that cock. I wanted to taste his pre-cum and inhale his manly scent. So without thinking I sank to my knees and took his large cock into my mouth. Larry opened his eyes and looked down at me sucking his cock with raging passion written all over his face.

"Oh fuck yeah, suck my cock!" was Larry's response to my surprising behavior. He then placed his hand on the back of my head and gently pushed all of his cock into my mouth. I gagged as I swallowed his huge cock but soon I learned to relax, open my throat and take almost all of him.

"Oh fuck that feels good. Yeah suck my fucking cock!" screamed Larry as he began fucking my mouth.

I felt his cock begin to twitch and I knew that it wasn't going to be long before he would cum all over me. I could've stopped sucking his cock and jerk him off, but somehow I needed to taste his load. I needed and I wanted to swallow all of his man juice.

With a loud groan Larry began to cum in my mouth with a torrent of cum. It was slightly bitter with the consistency of an Oyster and I found it delicious. I swallowed every drop and despite his protests kept sucking his cock afterwards.

It wasn't long before Larry was hard again and I found myself asking;

"Would you like to fuck me in the ass?"

"I've never fucked a man before", said Larry.

"I've never sucked cock before either. There's a first time for everything."

"Ok", said Larry.

With that I took some petroleum jelly out of the medicine cabinet and spread it all over Larry's huge cock and around my ass. I bent over the sink and told myself to relax as I did when I went to the Dr. and he have me a prostate exam. Larry came up behind me and I felt his monster press against my opening. He was gentle and patient and allowed me to get used to the much larger size than my Dr.'s finger but it still hurt. He slowly pushed his large cock into my ass and while it hurt like hell, it began to feel better once he was buried all the way in me. 

I could feel his pubic hair caressing my ass cheeks and I knew that he was all the way inside my ass. The pain gave way to a nice sensation of fullness and pleasure.

Larry began to slowly pump his cock in and out of my ass and the pleasure was so incredible that I thought I'd pass out. His cock was massaging my prostrate and I knew that I would soon cum without even touching myself. 

Filled with passion and cock I began to exhort Larry to fuck me.

"Oh you're cock feels so good in my fucking ass Larry. Fuck me, bury that cock all the way inside my ass. Oh it feels so good."

"Oh fucking yeah, your ass is so tight I'm gonna cum again."

"Yeah Larry, yeah cum in my ass. I want to fill your cum in my ass. Give to me Larry." Suddenly Larry reached around and got a hold of my hard cock and whispered in my ear;

"Oh shit I'm cumming. I'm cummin in your ass, cum with meeeee."

With that Larry pumped my cock a few times and I too let loose with more cum that I had ever ejaculated in my life! Feeling Larry's cum actually hit the walls of my intestine made the sensation even more powerful.

We stayed there until Larry's cock popped out of my ass and cum dribbled down my legs and unto the floor.

"Thank you, that was great. I never knew that fucking a guy could feel so good", Larry commented.

"I didn't know either. I guess that we can do this again?" I asked.

"Hell yeah, now that I've done it, I want to do it again."

"Yeah, me too." I said.

We both cleaned up, got dressed and went back to work. At the end of the day Larry came around to say goodbye for the day.

"I'm out of here, I have to go pick up the kids from school. See you tomorrow?", Larry asked.

"You bet", I said as I grabbed his cock and gently squeezed it.

I can't wait to see what happens tomorrow.