 It was late. I was horny. I was in the city. I was pretty tired after a long, stressful day. It had been a very busy season at work. I wasn't seeing much of my wife due to our divergent schedules. All of those factors had me feeling a little bit restless and wanting to indulge myself. I'm happily married to a wonderful, curvaceous, bisexual woman who loves sex. We give each other all the latitude we want to experiment. My wife has had an occasional female lover for many years, since before the two of us had met. Lucky for me, her lover's husband, Nick, is bisexual and enjoys having sex with me on occasion. This was just such an occasion.

Being restless and pretty tightly wound I was in need of a release. Although I love having wild, unbridled sexual encounters with my wife I wanted something different; something more primal. I wanted the raw, climactic sex that two hot, horny men can have. Knowing that Nick is pretty much always ready for a mansex throwdown I decided to give him a call.

"Hey Nick, whatcha doing tonight?"

"Not much. Did you have something in mind?"

"Yeah. It's been a while since I've seen you. I was thinking you might wanna hook up tonight. You up for it?"

"Sure. Anna is already asleep so you're welcome to come on over."

"Great. I'll be there in about twenty minutes."

That was all the more planning it took. One thing I love about Nick is that he's always ready for sex. He has a super hot wife with big, round, delicious tits but he's also interested in sex with men. He has broad sexual horizons. He may not want an intimate relationship with a man but he enjoys the sexual activities that two men can have. For me, sex with another man is about self-gratification. I just wanna get my rocks off. It's self-indulgent almost to the point of being selfish. If I were doing that with a woman I might feel guilty. With a man it's game on!

I showed up at Nick and Anna's condo and made myself right at home. After Nick let me in I gave him a slap on the shoulder that quickly turned more intimate. He pulled me in close and started running his hands over my back. I followed his lead and started rubbing his back and leaned my head on his shoulder.

"Oh, God, Nick... this is just what I needed. I'm really stressed out and horny and just a big ball of nervous energy. I need to get some of the kinks out." By the time I said that I could already feel his hardening dick against my leg. I slid my hands down to the curve of his ass and started kneading his cheeks. He started grinding his dick into my leg. I'm not normally interested in kissing guys but the encounter had gotten so hot so quickly that I couldn't help myself. I leaned my head up and started kissing him deeply and passionately, darting my tongue in and out of his mouth. He was only too happy to reciprocate. Soon we were grinding our mostly-hard cocks together and kissing like horny teens discovering their first taste of forbidden love. 

Nick broke our embrace and led me over to the futon with his hand on my crotch. He stripped off his t-shirt and jeans and I stepped out of my button-down shirt and slacks. Nick grabbed the waistband of my briefs and tugged them down saying, "Now we can't have these in the way, can we?" His sly smile told me exactly what he was thinking. I wasn't in the mood for submission. I was like a wild animal on the hunt. I was in no mood to play hard-to-get. That's for girls. I was a man who was hard and horny for another man and begging for release.

I grabbed his boxer shorts and yanked them down roughly.

"Cut the small talk. I want cock."

With that I pushed him back on the futon and dove into his crotch with my mouth. Needless to say, Nick was very surprised at my aggressiveness. In the past I had been a more passive partner with him. He didn't seem to mind.

I lowered my mouth onto the head of his cock and started swirling my tongue around the head, savoring the slight taste of male power and virility on his cock. I grabbed the base with my right hand to constrict my activities to the head of his cock. With my left hand I started gently stroking his balls. I wanted to give him a good, unambiguous opening round of pleasure so that he got the message that I wanted to build up to a torrent of hot, steamy, masculine sex.

My opening gambit had its intended effect. His head rolled back and he moaned in pleasure as I tongued the head of his cock. Even though I was going down on him I felt extremely powerful. Taking another man's cock in my mouth gives me a feeling that I'm connected to the essence of masculinity. The penis is the most powerful symbol of being male. To have the penis in one's mouth is to capture the life force of masculinity. It's a head rush to say the least.

As I got more aggressive with Nick I started sucking him in earnest. I kept my hand at the base of his shaft and started sucking the head into my mouth. I ran my tongue around the underside of his cock head and generally slurped and sucked on it with wild abandon. Nick was getting increasingly aroused but I didn't want him to come just yet. I wanted more out of that cock.

To hold him off I took his cock out of my mouth and started licking his balls. It always drives me wild when my wife does that to me. I felt I should give Nick the same sort of pleasure. He seemed appreciative. I couldn't do too much of that, though, because he was getting closer to orgasm.

"OK, your turn buddy. Now you get to suck *MY* cock," I said to him. He was more than happy to return the favor. I swapped positions with him and climbed on the futon, reclining lazily. My cock stuck out like an old tree limb just waiting for something to land on it. Nick got on the floor and took my dick into his mouth. Usually Nick and I like to 69 when we're sucking dick but this time he was more than OK with taking his place between my legs. He knew that he didn't want to get overheated and come too soon. Concentrating on sucking my cock would be a great way to let his sexual tension subside a while.

Nick went right to work on me. I had lost some of my erection while I was sucking his cock. A few strokes of his tongue was all it took to get me back to full attention. He diligently took my dick in his mouth and gave it a good tongue-lashing. Just as I was really getting into it and starting to arch my back he pulled off my dick and looked up at me:

"This isn't what you really want, is it? I'm pretty sure you want me to fuck you."

"Yeah, you're right. Only this time I'm not going to be your passive fuckee. I'm going to use that cock with my ass to get myself off. I want to pull all the come right out of your dick."

Being fucked in the ass is the most powerful thing I've ever experienced sexually. There's so much at play in that one action. There are gender roles and raw emotion and ecstasy and a whole flood of feelings that make it a supercharged sexual activity. Normally I want a more passive butt fucking where I relax and receive the pleasure of having a man fuck me. At that moment I was a power bottom– I wanted to be fucked hard and fast.

Nick crawled back away from the futon and got up and went in the bedroom to grab a bottle of lube. I slid further down on my back and put one leg up on the fireplace mantel and the other on a footstool to give Nick access to my ass. When he returned he got down on his knees and started squirting lube on his finger. He slowly worked it around and into my asshole. It felt fucking amazing to have him probing at my ass. My head instinctively rolled back in sheer delight as he lubed me up for his prick.

"OK, you ready?" he asked.

"Damn, man! What are you waiting for? Gimme that cock. I want it in me NOW!"

"You don't have to ask me twice."

With that he leaned forward and pressed the head of his dick up to my sphincter. I gasped a little as it started pressing in. He used his slick hand to guide it into me, going just a little bit at a time until I was comfortable. 

"Oooooh, Nick. Oh yeah. Give it to me. Yessssssss....." was all I could say. But what needed to be said? I was finally getting the powerful sexual encounter my body had been craving. He kept pushing into me until he was balls deep in my ass. It felt so amazingly good that I started squirming around on his dick feeling its lusciousness inside of me squishing around. It didn't take me long to get comfortable with his dick in my ass.

"OK Nick, I want it. Fuck me. Fuck me good."

He pulled back until the tip of his cock was almost out of my ass and then started pushing back in. I had chills going up my spine. My head was spinning. It was an intense and satisfying feeling. He hit bottom and then pulled out again, slowly gaining speed. Soon he had worked his way up to a steady, comfortable fucking rhythm. I was loving it. With each thrust I could feel the pent-up frustrations melt away.

I started to get a little more aggressive, pushing down toward him when he pushed into me. The pleasure was getting to be a little too much for me and I was clawing at the bed with my hands. Nick's hands were on my knees, giving himself some balance for his vigorous fucking. He was fucking me as hard as he could by that point, his balls audibly slapping against my ass. I was absolutely loving it. I tried pushing against him as hard as I could and he was pounding into me as hard as he could. It was one pile of raw, sweaty, powerful mansex.

It didn't take much more until I hit an orgasm. My body jerked upward violently as I shot my first load up into the air. The spasms caused my ass to grip Nick's cock even harder. He held onto my knees for dear life and continued fucking me as best he could. Just a few seconds later he fell over his own orgasmic cliff and shot his come deep inside me. He made his last few plaintive thrusts and then fell forward onto my chest and softening dick.

We laid like that for a few minutes, savoring the primal, animalistic act of sexual gratification which we had just given each other. I felt his dick soften inside of me. When he sat up it slid out of my ass leaving a sloppy, wet trail on its way out. He leaned back and then collapsed on the carpet behind him. He was completely spent and so was I.

After another ten minutes or so of post-sexual basking I got up off the futon.

"Wow, Nick, just... wow. That was awesome. Just what I needed."

"Me too. I was just getting hard thinking about you when you called."

"Dude, that's perfect. I'm glad I stopped by."

I gave his cock a few goodbye strokes and then went into the bathroom to clean up. I got dressed, said a few pleasantries and left. On the drive home I had the naughty squishy feeling inside of me to remind me of the hot night of fucking I had just received.