 He whispered in my ear, "I will fuck all the cum out of you," and I melted against his caresses. "Every last drop." 

We met on the Internet, then in person after a few weeks of chatting and emails. He liked to top and I liked to be topped. 

He warned me he was hung and I said, "Oh, really?" Everyone said he was the largest by far they had ever seen. And boy was he. He was long, about 8 inches, but his dick was so wide my fingers could not even come close to touching when I held it. His massive meat curved upward past his navel and he stayed hard the entire time we were together. I could tell he was hot for me. "All I've been thinking about since we met is plowing your ass." 

He was stroking my cock and he noticed I had pre cum oozing out. "That's why I don't give blowjobs, I don't like the taste."

Then he took off his clothes and told me to suck his cock. 

I could barely even get the head inside my mouth, just an inch at most, so I licked his cock up and down and sucked on his huge, heavy balls. While I was busy licking all around and milking him with my hand, he produced lube out of nowhere.

"Swing around so I can start working on your ass," he said.

"What do you mean?"

"I'm going to loosen you up."

He got two of his thick, calloused fingers all the way inside my ass and was twisting them around roughly. I grunted in pain and pulled away, but he grabbed me by the hip and pulled me back angrily.

"Quit squeezing your ass muscles," he ordered and then he stuck a third finger all the way in and I moaned from the painful stretching. His cock was rock hard and impossibly thick. He handed me the lube and told me to lube him up. I looked around for a condom. 

"I am not using condoms," he said, "I just got tested a month ago. Do you want to see the certificate?" 

"That's all right," I said, meekly acquiescing.

I squeezed a liberal quantity over the head and rubbed it all around and up and down the solid shaft. His cock was so unusually thick, I smiled and just shook my head. 

He had me lay on my back and then he put my legs over his shoulders. His cock head immediately found my hot, wet hole. He nestled the tip in and slowly started to push. To my surprise, the head entered smoothly, but when he got about an inch in, I had to stop him. Then he would pull out and push in a little further each time. Two inches, three inches, four, five, and when he had six in, I put my arms around his neck, and involuntarily said, "Oooooooooooo." 

His cock was spreading my insides out and my ass tried to fight, but I was getting stretched out further and further, more than I ever imagined. It took time but eventually he was in me all the way, his stomach pressed against mine. 

My body trembled and then I went completely limp. I was totally filled, lying beneath a man with the thickest cock I had ever seen, and he could do with me as he wanted. He pulled most of his cock out and thrust it all the way back in at least ten times in a row forcing my ass to completely surrender to his unbelievable thickness. My mouth opened wide and I started moaning as he relentlessly penetrated me. He covered up my mouth with his own and roughly stuck his tongue practically down my throat and it was almost hard for me to breathe. 

I gasped for breath. He sucked and bit on my nipples so hard I yelled out in pain and tried to shove his head away. Meanwhile, he continued to fuck me and he closed his eyes tightly.

"Your ass is squeezing my dick like a vise," he whispered, rubbing his four-day stubble all over my face and neck. His ridiculously fat cock was giving my ass the pounding of a lifetime. He started fucking me with the whole length of his cock with crunching thrusts that shook my whole body and I felt my cock and balls swinging back and forth across my abdomen. He went back to kissing me even more roughly than before, sticking his tongue all the way down my throat, making it hard for me to breathe again or to even protest and ask him to stop. It was as if he wanted me to forget what was happening to my ass. His cock stretched and plowed me as he sought to dismantle my ass. 

"I want to fuck you like you've never been fucked before. I want you all night and tomorrow some too."

I went to stroke my cock, but he grabbed my hand away.

"Don't touch your cock," he said and pinned my arms above my head. "I'm going to fuck the cum out of you." 

I moaned and again he covered my mouth completely with his. I was feeling totally helpless beneath him. I tried a second time to move out from beneath him, but I couldn't budge. He had me pinned and the whole time he continued to pound me with the entire length of his cock. He fell into a rhythm and pushed his upper body up with his arms and pumped his cock in to me with his wide hips and hard, muscled butt, with a steady rhythm, not too fast, but maddeningly relentless. He stared ahead with a far away look and his hips stepped up their rhythm a notch. 

"Oh, your ass is tight. Your mine now," he was saying. He impaled me completely with his cock and left it in there. I felt the tip touching deep, deep inside of me. My ass tried to squeeze around the base of his cock, which was the thickest part, but it was stretched out completely and had lost all strength. He pulled his rock hard cock out with a pop, then he stuffed it all the way back in. He did this more times than I could count. His cock had completely made my ass his. It stretched me to its unbelievable width.

My own cock was hard and my balls were loose. He grabbed my ball sack and squeezed. "You got cum in there? Let's see if we can get it out.."

I felt an unbelievable pressure building inside me, down below the base of my cock. I knew if I just stroked my cock a few times I would be cumming, but he would not let me. He turned me around on my hands and knees and entered me from behind. He fucked me hard this way and when I went to grab my cock, he pressed my chest down into the bed and pulled my arms backwards behind me which forced my shoulders and head up with my lower back arched downward and my butt lifted up into the air. He squeezed each of my wrists and pulled me back onto his cock violently. "I told you not to touch your cock," he said quite angrily, which surprised me. He fucked me harder than anyone ever before making my cock swing wildly back and forth. My dick was completely extended and totally heavy, just aching to release what was built up inside of me. We fucked this way for what seemed like a long time. My body was soaked with sweat as he had his way with me. I was getting weaker, but he seemed to only be getting stronger, like he was just beginning. Typically, I'm not a moaner, but suddenly I realized that I had been moaning and I was getting louder. 

He pulled out and squeezed lube all over my ass and his cock and then he slid it all the way back in again. My own cock was beginning to tingle and my balls hung very low, swinging back and forth to his rhythm. He had amazing stamina and his cock never let up. I could not believe what he was doing to my ass. It was totally his and he owned it. While my cock flopped back and forth, a trigger released deep inside me and my balls pushed all my cum out, spraying everywhere in long lines as my ass fluttered wildly around the base of his cock where it was the thickest. 

"I knew I'd get the cum out of you," he said, still fucking the shit out of me. It was a very intense orgasm because he fucked me the whole time I sprewed cum everywhere, never letting up a second. It was as if my cumming was just something that would happen on the way to his own orgasm. I was totally spent, but his pace was only increasing and he was hard as ever. To my growing concern, I could see he was not very close to finishing. I had no idea how long he planned on plowing my ass. We would just continue until he came. I was so tired, but it wasn't up to me when we stopped. 

"You have to cum at least two more times before I pull out."

The last drops of my semen trickled from my cock onto his rug. "Oh no, I can't go anymore." 

"Yes, you can, and you will."

"Can I touch myself?"

"No, I'm fucking all the cum out of you."

Then he had me move into the reverse cowboy position. My cock pointed outward, already getting hard again as I sat on his cock backwards. My ass was sore, but in a good way, and it accepted his cock in one long, smooth ride. My ass finally rested against his thighs and he was in me all the way. 

"Your dick is so hard," I told him, "and sooo big."

He leaned me backwards on my arms and he pressed upward on my lower back as he started slamming me with his cock. My cock jerked and began bouncing up and down wildly. I moaned deep down in my throat, and then he put his knees up and spread my legs as far as he could. I could feel the sweat from my head and face pooling on my chest, then running down either side of my crotch and onto the huge meat pounding my insides. The thing with Warren was he fucked relentlessly, usually without a single pause in his thrusts for upwards of over thirty minutes at a time. What got him off the most was making the person he was fucking cum as many times as possible. 

"I'll fuck you into oblivion," he wrote in one of his emails. 

With such a big tool, it was easier for Warren to fuck the living daylights out of somebody. His cock controlled and dominated his partners. It was so big, it would always be the main entree in sessions with him. It needed the most attention. People never forgot his incredible size after encounters with him. 

Warren stood up and sat on the couch and I sat on his cock still backwards. I spread my legs so they draped around the outsides of his legs and my feet did not touch the floor. I was impaled completely on his huge dick. He grabbed both my arms and pulled them tightly back behind me. He began another intense fucking rhythm in this position. With my shaking feet hovering above the ground, and him binding my arms tightly behind me, I was trapped and in a position I could not get out of just like before. Warren enjoyed getting me in positions I could not get out of, even if I wanted to. He liked making me a totally helpless prisoner to the huge dick fucking he knew he was expert at giving.

My cock was as rock hard as it could be and throbbing heavily. I wanted to touch my dick so badly, but he would not let me as he kept a firm hold on my wrists. My engorged shaft moved up and down in long motions and my aching balls slapped downward with each of his pounding thrusts. Then I experienced the most excruciating feeling. I hovered right before an orgasm and it felt like my dick was ready to shoot, but something kept holding me back. I groaned loudly from the torture. My body shook everywhere and my dick pointed straight ahead, ready to explode like a cannon. His dick was in me all the way, then he pulled out only slightly before pumping it back in. These short little strokes of his went on without end and I cried out, "Ohhhhh. Your dick is amazing, uhhh, but we're, god, going to have to, shit, stop. You're fucking my insides out."

"But you feel so good," he said raggedly. "I've never had an ass like yours. So tight. So fucking hot."

My feet started shaking uncontrollably and then my legs shot outward. I was cumming everywhere. It took me completely by surprise because I didn't think it would come out again without touching myself, but I came a huge amount, much more than the first time. Milky white liquid rushed out in torrents, splashing everywhere, flying in the air, spraying everywhere in front of me, all over his thighs and the floor, and during this, he went right on fucking me. The last thing he would do is ease up. Instead, he pulled my arms back even tighter by his sides. 

My cum-splattered cock was totally spent and shrunken. My insides ached and I needed to be free of this monster buried all the way inside me. He fucked my exhausted body for another half hour, then he put me on my back again with my lifeless legs draped over his shoulders. I was soaked in sweat and he thrust his tongue even further down my throat while he pounded my ass. You make me so hot he mumbled in my mouth. I was so exhausted all I could do was lay back and let him have his way with me, which is what he wanted: total submission. I was still soft when it appeared he was reaching his orgasm. I felt his body stiffen and his thrusts increase in speed and power, but he couldn't seem to get there. I'm gonna cum, he said. He stuck it all the way in and screwed it around, and then he started fucking me again until slowly he pulled it out and it was so bloated I could not believe something so massive had been fucking me for the past two hours. He stuck it all the way back in and re-started his thrusts with an even intenser rhythm. I've never been so hard before, he told me. My dick doesn't want it to end, he laughed. My ass was aching, but it was more numb than anything until another fifteen minutes went by and a tingling began and my cock slowly awoke again. Warren noticed because it was swinging back and forth and hit his stomach. He stroked it until it was fully hard again, then he pinned my arms above my head and stuck his tongue in my mouth and down my throat. All I could do was lay with my mouth open. He licked me all over my face and bruised my nipples with his teeth, but I did not have the energy to even shout out let alone fight back. Suddenly, a torrent of semen erupted from me again, covering my chest and belly and my soft cock. The he came for nearly a full minute, but he only uttered a low moan.

We took a shower together and after we cleaned off he started getting hard again and actually asked me if I wanted to go again and he was serious! My ass still felt wide open from its experience. I told him I was much too exhausted and needed to sleep. In bed we slept like spoons with my back to him. 

Some time in the middle of the night I awoke to the feeling of his cock head entering my ass again. 

"No, I can't again, not now, let me sleep," I begged.

He turned me over on my stomach, spread my legs, and with all his weight he slid his lubed cock back into my ass completely. I cried out and my feet involuntarily shot into the air and shook spasmodically. It was a shock to my system because his whole massive dick was back in me to the hilt in about two seconds. My ass tried to fight the entry but I was forced to give up and do my best to accept the massive girth once more. I was groaning and whimpering in ragged gasps, trying courageously to accept all his meat, but my heart sunk knowing I was at his mercy again. He outweighed me by about 50-60 pounds so with all his weight on my back I could not move.

We fit perfectly together he said and squeezed my ass cheeks. He fed me his cock with long thrusts and I grunted in agony each time his weight came down and all of his meat filled me completely. His cock was as hard and big as before and was fucking me relentlessly again. He put my arms behind my back and pressed all his upper weight on them as he lifted up while still fucking me. My cock grew hard and was rubbing into the bed to his rhythm, which grew more and more brutal. He was making it clear how our relationship was going to be. He truly was the dominant top and if I was going to stay with him I would have to be the submissive bottom. I wanted that, but never before had my body been used so mercilessly before by someone who was as virile than a horse. 

He flipped me over and fucked me missionary, again with his mouth all over mine and his tongue searching every recess of my mouth and throat.

I went home a few days later to grab some things, and three weeks later, before I even knew what was happening, I had moved in with him, and now we have been together for almost a year.