 Brian moved into my neighborhood in August of '99. I had decided to do nothing during that last few weeks before college started back up, and I was bored. The day that Brian moved in I was sitting on my back deck relaxing. I got curious about some loud noises I was suddenly hearing from a short way down the street, so I decided to go for a walk and see what was going on.

Four houses down there was a guy about my age around a pile of household goods that had spilled out of a box in the driveway. He was six feet tall, brown hair and eyes and muscular but not bulky. He was wearing jeans and a t-shirt, and seemed to be unloading his moving truck on his own. I walked over and introduced myself.

I was quick to offer a hand with the unloading, and even quicker to be accepted. Within the hour we finished getting the truck emptied and were sitting on the front steps of his new house having a glass of water. We talked for while about ourselves, from this conversation I learned that we would both be attending the same college, and would have some of the same classes. Before I left, I asked if he had any plans for the weekend beyond unpacking, to which he said no, so I invited him to my place to watch the ball game and hang out. To which he said yes. 

A couple days later I was hanging out on the porch again when I heard my doorbell. I found Brian standing at my door with a couple sodas and a pizza. We went out to the porch to sit and eat while the game was on and just made some small talk for a little while. Conversation turned to what each of us did in our spare time. I told him about the local short track racing scene and fishing spots. He told me about the hockey club he was a member of. Ice hockey in the winter, street in the summer. Which explained the shape he was in. I'm not in terrible shape but I was a little jealous. 

A couple hours later after the game, Brian went home. As soon as he left I couldn't stop thinking about him. I wouldn't call it a crush but I was definitely interested in getting to know him better. Later I got it into my head that I wanted to go out, I called a couple of friends of mine and we all met up at the track nearby to check out the Saturday night races. 

_________________________

The next weekend I was starting to get ready to head back to work and start classes. On Saturday I was out picking up the things that I needed for school and bumped into Brian. I asked him if he would be interested in coming to the track, there was going to be a couple special events and I was planning on going anyway. He said yes and we agreed that I would drive us there. This was a perfect chance to get to know him some more. 

We had a great time at the track. He was new to being a race spectator and asked a lot of questions. Whenever a different race would start or finish, we would go and watch the guys in the pit getting their cars ready for their races from the edge of the stands. It was a ton of fun that night being at the track with someone that didn't already know about the sport.

When the nights racing had ended we were getting hungry and agreed that we should stop for food on the way home. We ended up at the pizza shop near our houses and had dinner. When dinner was over, I was a little reluctant for the night to end. I didn't seem to be the only one, either. Brian asked if it was too late for me to go somewhere in his interests. He explained that there was a club nearby that he likes going to once in a while. Music dancing and everyone there is friendly. I was game. I brought him back to his place so he could change. Then after I had gone home to change I walked back to his house so he could drive us to the club.

On the ride over he asked me if I was into dancing. I said not really, but that I might eventually warm up to the idea. I think I saw a tiny flash of disappointment in his eyes. When we got to the club Brian got kind of quiet. I asked him if everything was all right. He said that we didn't have to go in if I didn't want to. That if I was uncomfortable with a dance club we could do something else. I told him that I was down for something from his interests and that I had no issues with the plan already in motion. He put a hand on my shoulder and smiled, I got goosebumps all over. We got out of the car and headed for the door.

Once inside, I marveled at how many people were there. The music was loud but not overpowering. The lights were bright but somehow the place was kind of dark. Brian led me over to what would be the non-alcoholic version of a bar where we sat and watched the crowd. As we sat it slowly dawned on me that of the couples out on the dance floor, there were only one or two of opposite-sex pairings. Brian was watching me very closely I realized, and he was definitely amused. How had I never heard of this place? He leaned in and asked me if I wanted a drink, I nodded and he walked over to get us drinks, with a wry little smile on his face. When he came back, I asked if he was trying to give me just the tiniest little clue about something. He smiled again, toothy this time, and nodded. By the end of the night, we were on the dance floor together and I was having the time of my life.

_________________________

We ended up back at Brians house that night. It was amazing. We landed on his couch at first, in each others arms kissing and touching and panting. We must have been on that couch for at least half an hour, eventually stopping to move to the bedroom. He pushed me onto the bed so that I was sitting as he stepped back and slowly started to undress for me. His shirt went first, button by button, until he carefully peeled it off his arms and swung it at me. Next went his shoes, then his belt. He took a step forward so I reached out and pulled him closer by the waist of his pants so I could unbutton them myself. As his pants fell to the floor I fan my fingers along his thighs looking into his eyes as I leaned forward and kissed his cock through his boxers. 

Then I slowly pulled his underwear down to get a better view of his eight and a half incher. Before I could get my lips on him, he reached down and started to pull my shirt over my head. Then he pushed me onto my back and loosened my belt and pants to slide them down my legs with my underwear in one motion. When he laid down next to me, he immediately started kissing my neck while I slowly stroked him. I pushed him over onto his back and kissed my way down his neck to his chest making, sure to lick his nipples as I went. I then moved my kisses down to his stomach giving some attention to his belly button. As I went I kept my fingers moving up down his body. When my mouth reached his groin again, I spent a few minutes licking and kissing my way up and down his shaft and balls before sliding him into my mouth and down my throat in one slow, smooth motion. 

Only a few minutes after I started, Brian was starting to moan and lightly thrust himself into my throat. As his movement got quicker and his breathing got shallower, his cock got harder and harder. Soon he threw his head beck as he burst deep in my throat. I didn't let up until he stooped squirting. Then I kept sucking on him for a few more moments making sure to get every last drop out of him. His cum was salty and kind of sweet at the same time, and there was a lot of it. 

When I was done I crawled up beside him and kissed him again. While we kissed he ran his fingers up and down my back and over my ass, gently squeezing a cheek occasionally. Every time he squeezed I would moan into his mouth to let him know I was enjoying his attention. Soon he pushed me onto my back and started to caress my legs with just the gentlest touch of his fingertips. This drove me wild. I was harder than I ever had been before, and when he grazed my balls with the back of his hand a couple of times, I thought I was going to come just at that touch. It was incredible. Then he loosely wrapped his hand around my cock and started to squeeze and pump on it. Tight and slow, he stroked me for what seemed like hours. Every time I got close to coming he would squeeze a little harder and stop stroking. Eventually, when I couldn't take it anymore, he stroked a little faster and loosened his grip slightly and I came like a volcano. There were at least five or six shots straight into the air, and they all landed on my chest and stomach. When I finished he leaned over me and used his tongue to clean me off. He whispered that he had been certain that the tension between us was mutual.

I was certain that I had a crush.