 I didn't want to take the job but my wife wouldn't hear of me turning it down. I started going to church with her because I thought it would be good for business and it has been. I am a contractor that specialized in remodeling.

The church board came to me and wanted remodel their office complex. They needed walls moved and everything updated. I agreed to do it at cost plus 10% as long as I could do it on my timeframe. I was given a set of keys to the place and told to get at it.

My wife had been "reminding me" of the job for about two weeks and I promised I would get started. So on my way home from bidding on another job I drove by the church. 

It looked deserted. I thought could get my measurements and rough sketch without people trying to "Help" me.

I unlocked the main door to the office complex expecting to be alone. Instead I saw a light on in the minister's study. David was a man in his late forties, like me. He kept in shape and seemed to be a good fellow although I really didn't know him that well. Slipping down the hall I would get to know him better than I expected.

I stopped outside his door and listened. I didn't want to interrupt a meeting or counseling session. What I heard was a sound I knew all too well. It was the sound of the cheesy music used in porn.

I quietly peaked inside the door that was opened about 6 inches. I could see he had his sweatpants down around his ankles and his hard cock in his hand. Here before my eyes was a minister jacking off to porn on his computer.

His cock was about the size of mine, 6.5 inches. He was circumcised and very focused on his screen. He had his left hand on his dick and his right hand was sometimes cupping his balls and others rubbing that space between his balls and anus. It was quite a sight to see.

Back in my pre-marriage days, in college, I was known to swing both ways. I always leaned toward pussy but I was known to suck an occasional dick and fucked a few asses in my day. When I look at porn on-line I am as often looking at cocks as I am pussy. 

I watched him jack off from the dark hallway for a few minutes. I loved the sight of him pulling on that hard cock and how he would slow down when he got close to cumming. He was not wanting to cum to quickly I could tell.

After looking at him for a few minutes I noticed two things. The first was that my dick was getting rather hard in my pants. The second was that I was hearing men talking but no women. I moved a little over and could see his screen. He was watching man on man porn. This was getting good.

After I had watched him for about ten minutes I guessed I thought I would like to join him. I made a quick plan to sneak up and catch him. I slipped back to the front door and pulled it opened wide and let it fall shut. I made a noticeable bang when it closed. I then called out to him. "Hey David! Are you here?"

As I quickly walked down the hall I pushed the door opened wide. There he was standing with his back to me, his ass still not inside his sweats and he was franticly pulling them up.

He turned to me as red-faced as I could imagine. His hard cock tenting up the front of his pants. He stammered for words.

"I didn't...I mean... you..." he muttered and then he just hung his head. I thought he was almost to the point of tears. 

I stepped in the office and said "Hey it's ok. I am on your side. I understand"

He looked up at me a bit confused.

"I know what it's like to get all hard and horny and need to get off." I told him.

We both looked down to the screen and saw one guy sucking on another guys long hard dick.

"I am so ashamed. I'm sorry." He said and he reached for the mouse to shut it down.

"Don't be. I told him. "I know how it is when you aren't getting a lot of sex at home and everywhere you turn there is sex."

He looked up and said "Yeah. It is kind of tough." He looked back at the screen and added "But gay porn? You must think..." his voice trailed off.

I answered for him "I think sex is sex and sometimes you just want a good blowjob but can't get one at home and can't risk going to an adult bookstore to get sucked off."

He looked up at me puzzled. "This isn't embarrassing for you?"

I told him "Well," and looked down at my pants. My cock was rock hard under my jeans and tenting up something fierce. "I guess embarrassed isn't the word I'd use." I thought a second and added "Horny. That's the word I would use." And I rubbed my dick through my jeans.

He looked at the outline of my cock and said "I've never done anything like..." He stopped.

I pointed at the guy on the screen who was sucking off his friend with great passion. "Anything like that?"

He looked over and said "Yeah".

"Would you like to?" I asked.

"Kinda" he said. "I have thought about doing it a lot but can't risk getting caught."

"Me neither. " I assured him. "It could be out little secret, We can stop anytime you want." I started to unbuckle my belt.

"I guess you have already caught me. I don't have anything else to lose." He said.

"You will love it." I told him. "But first" I said let's make sure the doors are locked tight." I went out and locked the main door and returned to lock his study door.

I turned to him and continued removing my pants. "Go ahead and take off your sweats." I said. As he was pulling them down I asked "What have you seen that you want to try?" 

"Well" he replied "I guess everything."

"Really?"

"Yeah. I'd like to play with another guy's dick and have him play with mine." He said.

"That is a great place to start." I told him We were both standing there naked. I was enjoying the view of his naked body. I haven't had man-on-man sex since I got married. Actually it had been several weeks since I had any sex. 

He was looking at my rock hard cock with focused attention. I stepped nearer and began to lightly rub my cock. 

He started to rub his too. I could see that it was again rock solid. 

I stepped right up to him and put my dick right next to his and wrapped my hand around both of them. I began to jack both of us off together. I love the visual of this. Our dicks next to each other. Our warm bodies rubbing against each other. MMmmmmm

After a few moments he reached down to take over. His hands were soft and smooth, unlike my carpenter hands. I could see he was really getting into this. I also knew that he would very likely not last very long.

I reached down and took his dick in my hand. "I love the feel of your cock." I told him. "It is so hard and so soft at the same time." He took my dick in his hand and said "That's true. I hadn't seen it that way before. But then again I have never held another man's dick in my hand before."

"Never" I asked.

"Nope" He replied. "Just mine." 

"I'm honored." I joked. "I guess it's safe to say you haven't had a guy suck you before."

"Are you kidding?" He replied. "My wife won't even do that except on very special occasions."

"Do you cum in her mouth?" I asked.

"No way." I said, "I did once on accident when we were first married and she hated it. Now it's just a few sucks and licks and then we move on."

I started to kneel down. "Want to find out what it feels like to cum in a warm wet mouth?" I knelt in front of him and told him to lean against the desk for support.

I took his dick in my hands and jacked him off a little while I admired it. I rubbed his balls with one hand and his dick with the other. Soon I stuck out my tongue and licked the tip; Just a few quick flicks across his pee hole followed by a few swirls around the smooth head.

I heard him gasp as I sucked his dick head into my mouth. I held his head in my mouth all the while swirling my tongue around the head. I was pumping his shaft at the same time. I loved the taste and feel of his pre-cum as I pumped.

"That feels so..." He stuttered. "So..."

"Yes it does!" I finished then I went back to sucking him. I started to bob up and down his shaft. Each time I took a little more of his cock in my mouth. Soon I was taking his whole cock in my mouth. I would bury my nose in his pubic hair on each trip down and pull up until only the very tip of his dick was in my mouth.

I did this for a few minutes. I began to feel he was getting close. I took his cock all the way in my mouth and held it there. I moved around a little as if I were trying to draw tiny X's and O's in his pubic hair with my nose. I was in heaven. I had forgotten how much I loved cock.

I pulled back up and heard David say "I think I'm going to cum."

I took his dick out of my mouth long enough to say "Do it! Cum in my warm wet mouth." Then I went back down on him.

True to his word he started to cum in buckets. I didn't even taste the first few shots. They went down my throat so fast. I pulled back so that just the head was in my mouth. I keep jacking him off as I sucked him firmly. He shot rope after rope of hot thick cum in my mouth. I swallowed all I could but it seeped out onto my chin and chest. The last few blasts I pull back and let his shoot them into my opened mouth and chin like He had see the porn guys do before.

When he finished shooting he slumped back on the desk, spent. I swallowed his cum and licked off his member a bit more before I stood up.

I didn't know what to expect out of him. Guilt? Lust? I wasn't ready for his next move. 

He grabbed my face and pulled me to him. He plunged his tongue into my mouth as if he were trying to suck out the remaining cum.

After a long passionate kiss he pulled back and licked a bit of his cum off my chest. It felt good.

He stood back up and said "Wow! That is incredible. I've never felt an orgasm like that before!"

"Glad I could help." I replied. I told him he might want to sit down on the couch and rest before he fell. 

We walked over to the small couch and sat close to each other. I had my arm around him and he was leaning against me, caressing my chest and cock and legs with his hands.

We held each other for a little while until a phone call broke the moment. My cell phone was ringing.

I walked over and picked it up. "It's the wife." I told him.

I answered it. She asked if I remembered that I was going to swing by and get the measurements for the church remodel.

I told her that I was there now and the preacher was helping me. She said "That's good. I hope you get to know him better. He is a good man."

I winked at the preacher and said "He is a good man. I have enjoyed getting to know him."

She hung up after I told her I'd be home after the measuring was finished.

I walked over to the couch. David was sitting there with is dick in his hand. "Do we have time for me to get you off too?" he asked.

"I imagine if I don't come home soon with the measurements she will get very suspicious. But we can get together again soon."

"When could we do it?" He asked.

"Well, the women are going to a conference or something this weekend aren't they?" 

He said "Yeah. My wife is going too. I'll bet if get together on Friday night it will just look like a couple of fellows getting together for the game."

"Instead of a couple of guys getting together to play around with each other." I said. 

We hugged each other again before we got dressed. As we finished dressing his phone rang.

I heard him tell his wife he would be home soon. He was helping me out up here at the office. After he hung up we took the measurements I needed and went home.

We did get together that Friday night but it was a bit different than planned. More about that later.