 After my first encounter with our preacher, David, (See: Getting to Know the Preacher) I was a bit apprehensive about our next get together. I was as horny as a teenager with a date with the school slut. We planned to get together at my house after our wives left for a conference on Friday.

I was sitting in my office over the garage working on plans for the church office remodel plans that sent me to the preacher's office in the first place. As I worked I reached over and grabbed a banana out of the bowl of fruit my wife keeps in my office. 

I pealed the banana and started to eat it. I realized it was about the same size as David's dick. Instead of biting it I lightly sucked on it and pushed it in and out of my mouth remembering his dick in my mouth and thinking about what we would do tonight.

I was startled out of my dream state by a phone call. I picked up the call. It was David.

"Hey Tony. Something has come up tonight." David said. "Two of the church board members want me to play racquetball with them tonight and I couldn't get out of it."

My heart sank but I tried not to sound disappointed. I told him I hadn't played racquetball in a few years and asked if he would like to just come over after the game.

David replied "Hey. We were looking for a fourth. Why don't you join us and then after we can get together and ...You know."

I told him I would. When I took my wife up to the church I had my gym bag with me. After the girls left, we got in my pickup and left to meet the others at the club. I asked if he played often.

David said that he used to play quite a bit but had to stop.

"Injury?" I asked.

"No. Just horny I guess." He replied. "I started realizing that I was looking at the guys in the showers a lot. In fact I got hard a few times in the showers and had to find a way to cover it up."

"You wouldn't be the first guy to get hard in a shower." I assured him.

"I know." He said. "But not everyone is as understanding about my lust as you are."

"I guess that is true." I said. "Gives a new meaning to a preacher loving his members" I joked.

He reached over and rubbed my cock though my sweats and said "Or his member's member as the case might be."

We laughed as we pulled into the parking lot.

The two board members were guys I had met but never did anything with outside of see the back of their heads at church.

We played several great games. I hadn't worked up a sweat in a health club in years. After the games we hit the showers and I realized what David was talking about. There were about six other guys in the locker room. Five of us were in the shower. I noticed David's cock was semi-hard as was mine.

I also noticed that one of the board members we played with had a pretty nice cock. Flaccid it was about four and half inches long and circumcised. As he washed, it responded and got a little bigger. I turned away so I wouldn't stare.

The other guy we played with had rather short uncircumcised dick. I used to like sucking short dicks. They fit in a mouth nicely.

I realized David was staring at me. I also realized I was almost fully erect. I rinsed quickly and grabbed a towel.

We dressed and said our goodbyes.

When we got in the truck David said "So you see what I was talking about now?" He laughed.

"Yes I do." I replied. "It is hard to control a wondering eye or cock."

We went back to my house and went inside. I offered David a beer or bottle of water or whatever he drank.

"I'll stick to the water. One vice per night needs to be my limit." He replied.

He looked kind of nervous as I handed him a bottle of water. "You ok?" I asked.

"Yeah" He replied. "Just nerves I guess."

"Now remember we can stop anytime and I won't think anything about it." I assured him.

"I appreciate that Tony." He said. "How do we get started?" 

I lead him up to the guest bedroom. It has a king-size bed, small sofa and side chair as well as a big screen TV and DVD player.

I grabbed my briefcase on our way up. When we got to the room I opened up the case.

"Dang!" David said as he looked in the case. "You came prepared didn't you?"

I had a couple of porn DVDs, a bottle of lube, a few condoms and a small dildo in the case. "I guess so." I replied. "I was on the seedy side of town and thought I could get in and out of a porn shop down there without being seen."

"Really?" David said. "I have always wanted to go into one of those but couldn't risk it."

"I know what you mean. It was a thrill but I don't know that I will go back." I pulled out the DVDs. "Gay or Bi? " I asked him.

"MMmmm Tough choice." He said. "I like both. Let's go gay and see what happens."

I turned to open and start the DVD and said "I think we both know what is going to happen tonight."

I turned back to David and he was adjusting his dick inside his pants. "Why don't we get comfortable?" I asked as I began to undress.

"I've been thinking a lot about tonight this week." He said. 

"Me too." I told him.

"I have been thinking about what I think I can and cannot do." He said as he pulled off his shirt. "I don't think I can kiss a guy unless there is cum involved. I mean we kissed last time we met but you had my cum on your lips and I just had to taste it."

"I know what you mean." I told him. "No problem."

We were both down to our underwear by the time the movie got to its first sex scene. I walked over to David and reached out for his cloth covered dick. I could feel it was nice and hard already.

He reached for my hard cock as well. I loved the feeling of his hand on my cock. I could explode quickly I am sure.

I pulled back the top band on his underwear and pulled his dick out. I pushed his underwear down and let it drop to the ground. He did the same on me.

For a long while we stood there with the others cock in our hands. We massaged and rubbed and played for a long while. The spell was broken only when the guy on the screen yelled "Get that long, hard cock over here and fuck me!"

We both looked over at the TV and Laughed. I suggested we sit down on the couch and we did.

We were naked, sitting on the couch together and jacking off each other's dick. It doesn't get much better than that does it.

After watching the sex scene all the way through both cum shots, David said "I think I owe you a blowjob don't I?" and he moved to his knees.

David got between my legs and put an elbow on either leg. He stared at my cock like he had never seen one before. He slowly jacked me from bottom to top and back down. He leaned forward and pointed my head at his mouth. He opened his mouth and took my head in his mouth.

I love the feeling of a warm mouth on my dick. I leaned back and closed my eyes. I could feel him using his tongue under the head as he pumped my shaft. He started to try and take more and more of my cock in his mouth. He was struggling a bit.

"It is a bit easier if it is kind of wet." I told him. "Lick my shaft all around."

He started licking me all around like a kids trying to lick an ice cream on a hot summer day. He soon had me rather tongue slick. He went back to the top and eased down on my cock. MMmm It felt so good. He got about two thirds of my hard dick in his mouth and pulled back up.

"I don't think I can get it all in." He said.

"You don't have to." I let him know. "You can use your hand to jack off the part you can't get in your mouth."

David looked up at me a bit confused.

"Let me show you." I said. "Stand up."

He stood up and his beautiful cock was right at eye level. I reached out and took it lightly in my hands. I lifted it up and licked him from balls to tip and back again. I love the taste of clean skin on a cock. I swirled my tongue around his head and heard him sigh.

I looked up at him and said "Wrap you hand around the base like this and keep a light grip on it. Then you can suck all of the cock you can into your mouth and what you can't get in still gets stimulated. See?" and I took the head and most of his shaft in my warm, wet mouth. I began to bob up and down on his cock and jack him with my hand. I was loving it.

I sucked him for just a few minutes before I felt him jerk.

"Oh God!" he said "I'm going to cum!"

I began to suck him in earnest. I could feel him tense up and then shoot his hot, thick cum into my waiting mouth. I love the feeling of a hard cock pulsating in my hand and mouth. I swallowed and let him shoot some of it on my face and chest. I pumped out all the cum I could and licked each drop of his salty cream and it appeared. 

After a few moments he stumbled back. 

"Wow! That was even better that I remembered." He said

"Thanks. I loved it too." I told him.

I slide over and had him sit down beside me. He leaned over and licked a few drops of his cum off my chest and then he reached down to jack me off again. 

We sat there watching the porn flick for a few minutes while he recovered. The scene was two men about our age fucking in the woods when they are supposed to be hunting. One of them was on his back in the tent with his legs in the air. His friend was pumping his huge dick in and out of his ass hole like there was no tomorrow. 

After a few minutes of that they both cried out like they do in porn and both of them shot their cum all over the belly and chest of the guy on his back.

"Have you ever done that?" David asked without ever taking his eyes off the screen.

"Yes I have."

He looked at me a bit shocked. "Really? Which one were you?" He asked.

The lust in his eyes was hard to miss.

"I've been both. I have fucked six or seven guys back in college and before Tonya and I got married. I have been fucked in the ass by I guess that many to." I confessed.

I slipped my hand down below his balls and began to run my finger around the opening of is tight man-cunt as we talked. 

"Would you like to try it?" I asked.

"Does it hurt?" He asked.

"Not really if it is well lubricated." I said. "At first it can like when you fucked a girl the first time. It must have hurt her a bit. But the pain goes away and becomes pleasure quickly. You just can't force it quickly. You have to go slow."

"You mean YOU have to go slow." David answered as he scooted his ass to the edge of the couch and pulled up his legs.

"Let's move to the bed shall we?" I said.

I pulled back the comforter and sheets. He saw that I had put down a large towel above the bottom sheet. He looked at me.

"We will want a lot of lube and I thought the lube might get messy. Don't want to have to explain why I threw away the wive's sheets."

David nodded and lay on the bed. "How do you want me?" He asked.

"I want you naked and horny and all night." I joked.

"That is already understood." He said. "I am yours until 9:30 in the morning."

"Really? Working on a Saturday?"

"There is a bunch of guys working at the church building to do a bunch of landscaping." He said. "I have to put in an appearance." 

"Got it." I said. I stood by the edge of the bed and told him to scoot over to me. He did. His ass was right at the edge of the bed. I put his heals on my shoulders and grabbed a pillow. "Lift up your butt." I told him. He did and I slipped the pillow under his butt. 

"Now your tight little hole is at the perfect height for me." I said as I grabbed the lube.

I put a generous amount on my hard dick and pumped it as David watched my glistening cock with wrapped fascination. I poured some on his dick and told him he could jack off if he wanted.

I put more lube on my fingers and applied it to the tight little rose bud of the preacher's virgin ass. I put a lot on there so it would slide easily.

"Do you want to use condom?" I asked.

"Do we have to? I haven't fucked anyone except my wife." He said.

"I had my annual physical about two weeks ago and the tested me for the 20th time I think." I answered. "Nothing. I haven't been with anyone else since Tonya and I got married."

"Then let's go, what is it called, Bareback?" he said.

"Bareback it is." I said as I started to slide the head of my dick around his opening. I could see he was nervous. I slipped one finger inside his tight hole. He gasped as I entered.

"Relax.: I told him. "If at any point you want to stop, just tell me. I'll pull out."

"No. Don't." He said. "I want to do this. I want to get fucked. I have for a long time. I just never had anyone to do it."

"Mmm I am glad to be your first."

I pushed my finger in a bit deeper and slowly fucked him with it. David began to jack off his hard dick as I did. "Have you ever played with your ass while you jacked off?"

As I finger fucked him he replied "I have used my wife's hair brush handle but it didn't feel like this."

I pulled out of him and put a second finger in with the first. I wanted to try and ease him into this. "Feeling good?" I asked.

"Oh yeah, Baby. I feel good." He said

David was really getting into it. He was pumping his cock like mad. After a few minutes of two fingers fucking I thought it was time to enjoy him myself.

I rubbed my cock head around his tight little hole. I told him to push down a little like he was going to crap. As he did and I felt his anus open just a little. I pushed forward and heard his gasp as my cock head slipped about half way in.

I pulled back and pushed back in. I pushed a bit deeper but not getting the whole head in. I kept slowly pushing forward until the ridge of my head popped in past his tight sphincter. 

David looked up at me in shock and said nothing.

"My head is inside you now. You ok?" I asked.

David nodded and said. "Wow! It hurt and feels great at the same time." He closed his eyes and slowly jacked off his long hard cock.

I held still for a moment to let him adjust. After a moment I said "Ready for more?"

"MMMmm Yes." He opened his eyes and said "Fuck me baby! Fuck my ass!"

I saw a look in David's eyes that I have only seen a few times. When Tonya gets really into our fuck sessions she has that look. I have seen it in a few faces before. It is the look of total and unbridled lust. 

"Fuck me hard and deep baby!" David kept saying.

How could I resist? I pushed forward into his well lubed ass until I was buried up to the hilt.

"I love fucking you!" I said.

"Me too! Fuck me deep!" He said.

I pulled back until only the head was in his tight man cunt and then I slammed down balls-deep on him. Soon we were fucking at full pace. I couldn't believe how tight his virgin hole felt. 

We fucked hard for a few minutes. David reached down and grabbed his knees and pulled them to his chest. He was obviously enjoying this new found pleasure center for him. I could see precum leaking from his hard dick as it stood up off his belly. 

I couldn't hold back much longer. "I'm going to cum!" I told him.

"Fill me up baby!" He cried out. "Pump me full of that hot cum of yours!"

A few more pumps and I complied with his command. I shot ten or eleven huge shots of cum in his tight hole. As I started to shoot, David's cock started shooting cum all over his belly and chest even without being touched.

I plunged deep inside him after I finished cumming and help deep inside him. After a long time I leaned forward and licked some cum off his belly. As I did my cock started to slip out of his man-cunt.

I crawled up on the bed beside him and lay beside him. We caressed each other all over until we came down from the sexual high.

The DVD ended and David commented "That is a great DVD. We will have to watch it again."

"I am sure we will." I told him as I lovingly rubbed his softened dick. "I am sure we will."

--- 

By the way, I'd love to hear from any ministers who have read this story. Send me a private message and I will keep it private.