 This story takes place in a fictional world where many of my stories occur. You can read it on its own, but reading Wings of Gray will give you the back story and brief history of the Infected.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Hello after a (long) hiatus. I'm working my way back into writing, and will be posting all of my stuff back on Literotica. You can also find it all on my blog if you don't want to wait.

Feel free to send me public and private feedback (though do be aware all of these that I'm posting are going to be 3+ years old, and my writing has improved significantly since then) 

Enjoy :) 

~~~~~~~~~

Neil stepped inside the hallway and sighed. His first day of school, again. He had started school and had only been in class a few days before he had gotten sick. For a long time no one could figure out what animal he was mutated with. He had all the symptoms of the disease but showed no animal traits at all. At least not on the surface. What nobody knew was that he had grown three extra organs. After finally discovering them, many doctors tried to figure out what they were. Finally, it was a marine biologist who figured it out.

Neil had been mutated with an electric eel.

The three organs were used to produce electric pulses. A normal electric eel, Neil found out, is able to generate 500 volts and 1 amp of electricity. Of course the three inherited organs Neil developed were easily ten times bigger. He had enough energy stored in his body to kill ten adults. After they had figured it out, they had sent him to the camps.

He had spent a year in isolation. He wasn't able to speak to anyone but the guards, who were cruel and prodded him with cattle prods to watch them explode when he got angry. He had lost a lot of weight because he refused to eat, and they had to force feed him a lot of the time. His electric blue eyes, which were once filled with joy and curiousity of a teenager, had turned cold and bitter. He used to be amazed by the things that humanity could do when it pulled together. Now he looked at people with nothing but contempt.

The only reason he had returned to school was because he knew no one would remember him, and no one would know he was infected. That was the positive thing about his situation. His mutation was invisible to anyone who didn't have x-ray vision, and a skilled knowledge about human anatomy.

He had returned to his hometown, and found that people he used to know, neighbors and friends, were never told what had happened to him. His dad had told them all he went to live with his mother. No one knew. Neil kept it like that. Whenever anyone would ask him about his trip, he would smile and lie. He didn't get along with his dad. It wasn't that they hated each other, it was that they no longer connected. After spending so long in the camp, Neil had changed. He wasn't a friendly ordinary teenager anymore. He looked at everything with cynical eyes. His father tried to make conversation but both of them found it awkward. Neil couldn't talk to him about sports, or music, or t.v., they had nothing to say to each other.

Neil stared at the hallway full of high schoolers. They were all close to his age. He had been a freshman when he was taken. Now a senior, he was worried he would behind everyone else. But he had always been exceptionally smart and caught on to things he had learned in class quickly, he had even taken a few classes that were ahead of what he should have been at. He looked down at the paper in his hand and memorized the locker number. The bell rang, and while everyone else scurried off to class, he stayed in the empty hallway trying to find his locker. He had finally found it and was jiggling the handle, annoyed, when a light voice spoke.

"Shouldn't you be in class? You're late." A woman behind him said. He turned and stared at the tall well dressed woman.

"Sorry, I'm new. I'm having some trouble with my locker." Neil excused himself.

"Oh! You're the late transfer. That locker always sticks, sorry." She smiled and tried to help him with it. It finally snapped free and he began putting his textbooks in it.

"I'm Principal Wallace, welcome to the school." She smiled, and held out a hand. Neil glanced at it and took it in his. A small snap was heard and she pulled her hand back. "Damn static electricity." She mumbled.

"Yeah..." Neil turned back to his locker and put up a magnetic calendar and planner.

"Do you know where your first class is? I can take you there, excuse your tardy." She said.

"Thank you." Neil smiled. He showed her his schedule and they began walking down the hall to his first class, English.

~~~~~~~~~

Connor sat in his seat, throwing a paper air plane at the back of his friends head. It hit Dalton in the head and he turned and glared at him, flipping him off. Their teacher cleared her throat loudly and glared at both of them. Dalton turned around and looked forward. Their teacher began telling them about the book they were going to be reading, Julius Ceaser, when the door opened. Their principal stepped into the room and another, smaller, figure followed her in. Connor's jaw dropped.

A beautiful boy stood there. His hair was long, reaching down to his shoulders, and had horizontal white stripes on his bangs on the left side. His eyes were a crackling bright blue and he was thin. Almost too thin. He was probably no taller than 5' 5" and his hands were long and slender. He had beautiful high cheekbones and the black pants he wore showed off his long legs and tight ass. Dalton whipped his head around and both of them at the same time mouthed the words 'Called him.' They began shaking their heads at each other and silently arguing.

"Sorry to interrupt, but this is your new student. Neil Kidd." The principal introduced the stunning boy.

"Welcome to the class, have a seat anywhere." Their teacher said, and went back to writing on the board. The principal left and Neil was left sitting up in front of the class. Both Dalton and Connor quickly moved all of their stuff off of the two empty seats next to them. Being the only two empty seats in the room, Neil had to pick one. They both studied the boy, who finally walked towards Dalton. Connor cursed in his head, and then nearly cried with joy when Neil walked passed his friend and sat next to Connor. Dalton looked back and glared at Connor, who gave him a thumbs up and a smug nod of the head.

The teacher continued to ramble on about the book, but both of the men could only stare at Neil.

~~~~~~~~~~~

Neil picked up his stuff and walked out of the room. He was glad he was already familiar with Julius Caesar, he had read it at least five times. Back in the camp, he had convinced a guard to get him a book. Neil was a few steps out of the door when a huge guy came up to him.

"Hey, I'm Dalton." He held out his hand, and Neil shook it. Dalton ignored the shock that went through his fingertips.

"Neil." He said, not really all the interested. Suddenly, Dalton was shoved out of the way and another guy came up.

"Connor, don't mind Dalton. He's a douchebag." Connor smiled. Neil raised an eyebrow.

"Neil..." He introduced himself again.

"Neil Kidd, cool name if you ask me." Connor smiled.

"Thanks."

"So how are you liking the school, Kid?" Connor asked.

"Neil, and it's okay. I was here as a freshman but I went and stayed with a my mom for a few years." Neil lied.

"Where does your mom live?" Connor asked.

"Florida." Neil said.

"Wow, that would be cool. Do you need any help to your next class?" Dalton butt in.

"Uh, sure, thanks. It's in IT6...wherever that is." Neil looked around.

"It's this way, I have a class over there. I'll take you." Connor shoved Dalton away.

"No, it's fine. I can take him." Dalton glared at Connor.

"Isn't your class in the other direction?" Connor smiled. Dalton scowled.

"Yeah..."

"I don't want you to be late." Neil said.

"We definitely don't want that." Connor winked at him. Dalton scowled.

"Fine, I'll see you later." Dalton said to both of them, and walked in the other direction.

"What's up with you two?" Neil asked.

"What? Nothing." Connor shook his head. Neil knew he was lying.

"Alright, then." Neil raised an eyebrow, but dropped it.

"You should hang out with us at lunch." Connor said.

"Uh, sure." Neil didn't know what else to say.

"We sit by the huge oak tree outside. Just come find us." Connor smiled and stopped outside Neils rom. "This is it." he said.

"Thank you." Neil looked up at the numbers on the door.

"See you later, Kid." Connor smiled and left him to his class.

~~~~~~~~~~

Neil thought about blowing off Connor, but decided against it. After all, he had no where else to sit. He headed over to the grassy field that the huge tree nearly covered. As promised, Connor and Dalton were sitting under it. Along with a few friends.

"Hey, Kid."

"Hey, Neil." Dalton said, at the same time as Connor. They glared at each other and elbowed each other in the side.

"Jesus, you two are horrible. One cute guy stumbles into your class and both of you start going at him like he's a melting ice cream cone." The girl next to them said as she took a bite of her sandwich.

"Excuse me?" Neil's eyes got wide.

"Don't take it personally, these two fight over anything adorable and with a dick between it's legs." She said. Neil found himself blushing, which was unusual for him.

"We do not!" Connor said defensively, the girl raised an eyebrow at him.

"Yeah, it doesn't have to have a dick between it's legs." Dalton added. "At least not for Connor." He nudged his friend.

"Shut up." Connor scowled at him.

"Come here, hun." The girl scooted over and patted the grass next to her. Neil didn't want to get grass stains on his pants, but he was tired of standing. "I wont try and jump you, promise." She smiled.

"Uh, thanks?" Neil said, teenagers were weird. Was this how he was supposed to act? He really had changed in the three years he was gone.

"I'm Maria by the way." She smiled at Neil.

"Neil." He smiled.

"How are you liking your classes? Minus the one you have with these two horn dogs." She glared at Connor and Dalton, who blinked innocently.

"They're fine. I didn't go to school in Florida, so I've missed a lot. But so far I seem to be getting everything they're talking about." Neil said.

"No school? Weren't you there for like three years?" Connor asked.

"Yeah."

"What were you doing then?" Dalton questioned.

"Nothing really. I worked a lot." Neil said, and it was the truth. While in the camps they used him to fuel the building. It saved a ton on electricity bills.

"Wow, what did you do?"

"Electrical work, mostly."

"So you know all kinds of weird technical stuff?"

"Not really, I was just helping out." Neil lied.

"That's cool I guess. Must be weird being back in school." Connor said.

"Yeah, but everyone's been nice." Neil said. 'That's because none of them know what I am.' He thought to himself.

"Good, I would hate for someone to be mean to you." Connor winked at him. Neil was taken aback, he blushed and looked down at the grass.

"No lunch?" Maria asked.

"No, I didn't think to pack one." Neil shrugged.

"Here," Connor gave him a slice of pizza he had for lunch.

"No, That's fine. I don't really eat all that much, anyways." Neil said.

"Obviously." Dalton poked him in the ribs.

"Don't be a dick." Connor threw a candy bar at him. "You look great." He smiled warmly at Neil.

"Thank you..." No one had ever told him he looked nice. He didn't put that much effort into his appearance, really. Just enough to make him look presentable. It wasn't like he was dressing up for anyone.

"You do have a great sense of fashion." Maria added. "I love the formal look." She smiled, tugging at his black coat that sat over his white button down shirt.

"And the hair is sexy." Dalton added, raising an eyebrow seductively.

"Uh, you're too nice. Thank you." Neil brushed his bangs over his face, shy.

"But your eyes are the best part." Connor brushed his hair away, making Neil look up at him. Neil smiled. The bell rang and the group groaned as they were herded back into their classes.

~~~~~~~~~~

Connor sat in his trig class, thinking of the gorgeous slender boy. Neil had been so cute at lunch, blushing and smiling at every comment from Connor. The bell rang and he began heading home. He started his car and was cruising down the street when he saw Neil walking down the sidewalk. His hands were in the deep pockets of his black slacks. His head was down, white and black stripes covering his eyes.

"Kid!" Connor slowed down. Neil looked up and was somewhat surprised.

"Oh, hi." He gave a small smile.

"Want a ride?"

"Oh, you don't have to do that. But thank you."

"It's no trouble, get in." Connor urged him. Neil looked ahead and then threw his backpack in the bed of the truck, and climbed in next to Connor.

"Thank you." Neil smiled.

"Just tell me where to go, Kid."

"Neil." He corrected. "Just turn right up here." He pointed to the street ahead of them.

"So what do you do for fun?" Connor asked.

"Fun? I don't know." Neil shrugged.

"You know, movies, music, T.V." Connor suggested.

"I don't really do any of those things." Neil shrugged again.

"What? Really?" Connor frowned.

"I was... working... in Florida a lot. I guess I just... grew up to fast." Neil looked like he was in another world.

"That sucks." Connor seemed deep in thought, too.

"Yeah...This is it. Thank you for the ride." Neil got out of the truck and grabbed his backpack from the bed.

"No problem, you want me to pick you up for school tomorrow? It's on the way anyways."

"Really? You wouldn't mind?" Neil seemed uncomfortable with the offer.

"Not at all. I'll see you around Seven Thirty?"

"Alright..." Neil said.

"Alright." Connor smiled, and after watching Neil climb the steps to his house, drove off.

~~~~~~~~

Neil shut the front door behind him and stood in the living room quietly for a minute. He sighed and picked up his bag. He climbed up the stairs to the second floor and walked to the door at the hall. He opened it and after closing it behind him, climbed up the curling staircase leading to the attic.

He set his bag down and looked around at the plain room. The only things in the empty space were a bed, a dresser, the connecting bathroom, and the balcony on the far side of the large room. A few chairs were splattered around the room lazily, and a bedside table with a lamp on it sat to the right of the bed.

"It is plain in here, isn't it?" Neil said. The upside to having an architect as a father, meant that the house was custom built the way he wanted it. Neil headed towards the bathroom, and arched a bolt of electricity to the light bulb ahead of him. The room lit up and he looked at himself in the mirror. What were they seeing that he wasn't? He didn't see anything that special. His eyes were nice, but not really all that fantastic. At least he didn't think so.

"Neil, you home?" He heard his dad call down.

"Yes." he shouted back.

"What do you want for dinner?"

"I'm not really hungry." Neil called back. "Make whatever, I'll eat later." He continued.

"Alright." His father answered, and that was that. Neil turned to the side and looked at his thin frame. He supposed he was very skinny. But after being locked in solitary for so long, he found it hard to think about what he looked like. He had been by himself for so long.

"Who the fuck needs humanity?" He glared at his reflection. "What did humanity ever do for me?" He said. The light began dying, fading out slowly as it used the last of it's charge. Neil stared at himself in the mirror until it got too dark to see. He let a small amount of his energy break free. The blue and white bolts dances over his body, making the room glow.

"Humanity didn't do shit for me." He said quietly. He powered down, and walked out of the dark room.

~~~~~~

Connor closed the front door behind him, and was met with three loud brothers. He was tackled into a hug and managed to shove the much bigger guys off of him.

"Where ya goin', Connor?" One of his brothers called out to him. Connor flipped them the finger, before climbing down stairs to his room in the basement.

He walked through his filthy room and turned on his music, loud. He tugged off his shirt and walked into the bathroom. He flipped the light on and looked at himself in the mirror. Was Dalton really competition when trying to win over the dark haired boy's affection? He looked at his dark brown hair and hazel eyes. He already had the sharp, pronounced jaw that ran in his family. He wasn't built like a tank, but wasn't skinny either. He flexed a bit and liked the look of his four pack and strong pecs. He gave a smile and was pleased with his rows of white teeth. He definitely wasn't unhappy about his looks.

"Connor!" His mother called.

"Yeah?"

"Dinners ready!" She said.

"On my way!" He looked at himself one more time, winking. He shut off the light, grabbed his shirt, and ran upstairs to join his family.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Neil waited outside, it was seven forty five and Connor still wasn't here. He had probably forgotten. Neil cursed himself for being so stupid, and went back inside. Maybe he could ask his father for a ride. Or walk, at this point he was going to be late anyways. He searched the halls for his dad when he heard a knock at the door.

"So sorry!" Connor apologized when he opened the door.

"It's alright." Neil said.

"It's really not. My brothers were being pains and hid my backpack somewhere." Connor laughed.

"Did you find it?" Neil rose an eyebrow. They walked to the truck and Neil was glad it was warm.

"Uh...Negative, Ghostrider." Connor frowned.

"Then shouldn't you be looking for it?"

"I didn't want to make you late." Connor smiled.

"Class starts in five. We're already late." Neil pointed out.

"Did I mention I was sorry?" Connor frowned.

"Yes, you did." Neil gave a small smile. "Why don't we go look for it?" Neil offered.

"Really? We'll be even more late." Connor said.

"That's alright. I don't really like school anyways." Neil said, and it was the truth. In school he felt like he was caged. He didn't like that feeling.

"Sweet, ditching on your second day." Connor smiled and turned the truck around.

"It's halfway through the year." Neil pointed out.

"But it's still your second day." Connor winked at him.

"Can I ask you something?" Neil said, after awhile.

"Go for it." Connor said.

"Why are you and Dalton interested in me?" He asked.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, for one, I'm a guy." Neil pointed out. "I hope that isn't too hard to figure out." He added.

"Well, for one, We're gay." Connor smiled at him. "I hope that isn't too hard to figure out." Connor added.

"Obviously...But I'm not." Neil said.

"Really? Well, there goes my gaydar. It doesn't matter, honestly. We've gone after quite a few straight guys." Connor laughed.

"You thought I was gay?" Neil asked.

"Yes." Connor winked at him.

"Do I act...-"

"Gay? No, not at all. You don't really act like anything, to be honest. I think I was just hopeful." Connor smiled.

"Oh."

"And for two?" Connor asked.

"What?"

"You said 'for one, I'm a guy.' so I ask, for two...?"

"I'm not...I don't look. I'm plain." Neil said.

"Plain? Jesus." Connor laughed. "You're gorgeous, Neil. Have you ever seen your eyes?" Connor asked.

"They're just blue..." Neil said.

"No way, they're this weird...Electric blue. Like you have a little tornado going on constantly." Connor said.

"Oh..."

"My turn to ask you something?" Connor asked.

"Uh...Sure." Neil looked down at his gloved hands.

"Why are you so...Neilly?" Connor laughed.
