 After that first afternoon with my girlfriend's dad, I made it a point to be over at the Engle's everyday. Margie and her mom were not scheduled to come home from vacation for another couple of weeks. In the meantime, her dad and I continued our hot relationship.

The day after our first encounter, I was back at the house in the late morning. My ass was still sore from the pounding it received the previous day. Although it was sore, I knew already that I wanted more. I couldn't decide which I liked better - sucking Chuck's cock or having it up my ass. 

When I knocked at the front door, I heard Chuck call "Come on in!" I let myself in to find him sitting naked on the pool deck. "Join me," he said. I stripped down to the buff and stretched out on the chaise next to his. He already had a pitcher of drinks ready and he poured me one. 

We chatted idly for a few minutes while I downed my drink. I was already nervous and drinking helped to cover it up. It also, of course, may me very loose and randy. While we drank and talked, my eyes kept wandering to his cock. I was fascinated by it. It lay there, loose and flaccid over his heavy balls. Chuck caught my look.

"Come over here," he said. He spread his legs on the lounge and had me kneel between his legs. "Touch it," he said. I leaned forward and gently took his cock in my hand. As I fondled it, it grew warm and hard in my hand. I marveled at the size and hardness of it. Gently pumping my hand up and down, Chuck closed his eyes and sighed. Without prompting, I leaned forward and took the head of his cock in my mouth.

"Ooohh, that's it. That's my boy," he murmured. This was only my second time with a cock in my mouth but I already knew how much I liked it. I sucked him as deep into my mouth as I could. Then I licked it up and down, licking it from the crown all the way down to his balls and back.

"You catch on very quickly," he chuckled. He had one hand on my head, directing me. I swooped down on him again and swallowed as much of his dick as I could. I bobbed up and down, trying to take as much as I could. Slowly, I took more and more. 

Eventually, he groaned and peeled me off his cock. "Let's try something different," he said. At this point in my experience, everything was different. We got up and he lead me into the house, carrying the pitcher of drinks, our hard cocks bobbing in front of us. Once in the living room, he had me lay down on my back. He crouched over me so that his hard cock dangled in my face. I felt him take my cock with one hand and lick it. It was all I needed. I reached up and gobbled his cock into my mouth.

For several minutes all you could hear was the sound of us slurping and sucking cocks. We each would moan deep in our throats. A couple of times Chuck came off me and asked me to stop. Of course, that meant he stopped for me too. It was my first lesson in control. 

But after a bit, perhaps fifteen or twenty minutes, I couldn't hold back any longer. I let his cock fall out of my mouth and cried out. I felt myself pumping my hot cum into his mouth. At the same time he continued sucking, milking me for every drop. When he finally let my cock slip from his lips, he turned around and lay next to me. We exchanged a sloppy kiss as he gave me back some of what I had given him.

I finally broke the kiss and started to move down to his cock, so I could finish him off. He stopped me instead. "In a minute," he said, "let's rest a minute."

We got up and he refreshed our drinks. I was getting pretty tipsy by this time. Chuck sat down in his big living room chair and he had me straddle his lap while we drank. He would idly pinch my tits and play with my cock, which was already rising again. After a bit, I felt his big cock rising underneath me, tickling my balls and asshole. 

Chuck finished his drink with a gulp and set it down. Then he lifted me off him, stood up and then laid me down on the floor. This time, he was between my legs, which he put over his shoulders. He found the lube on the table next to the chair. Then he proceeded to grease up my ass and his cock. I stared in fascination as he fingered me and then spread the vaseline over his member, which looked ready to burst. He caught my eye as he leaned forward. I felt his cock at my asshole and spread my legs. He pushed in, slowly at first. It still hurt a bit but I wanted his cock there. I wanted him filling me up. Chuck pushed harder and then he was sliding into me. I felt the power of him as he filled me up. He leaned forward and kissed me. While kissing, he moved his hips and pumped in and out of me. I loved it. I loved the attention, the closeness, the maleness of him. I loved the feeling of his hard cock inside me, his tongue on mine. 

Chuck broke the kiss, grabbed my hips and began thrusting in and out. I closed my eyes. I heard him whisper "Play with yourself." With my eyes still closed I started fondling myself. I tried to time my handjob with his thrusts. He began to pick up speed and started to pant. 

"You love my cock in your ass, don't you?" 

"Oh yes," I whispered.

"I'm going to fuck your sweet little ass until you can't stand it."

"Oh, please. Yeah, fuck my ass." I was trying to get into the dirty talk.

"Tell me you want my cock, tell me you want my cum."

"Please, please, fuck me with your big cock. Fill me with your cum. Cum all over me!"

At that he groaned even more and he thrust into me as far as he could. He cried out and I knew he was coming. He pulled out of me abruptly and grabbed his spurting cock. He sprayed cum all over my stomach and abdomen. After he shook off the last drops, he dropped down onto me and crushed his lips against mine. I could feel his cum between us, wet and slippery. After a few minutes he rolled off me and lay on the rug.

After dozing for awhile, we got up. He took me into the master bathroom shower and we cleaned each other off. He even jerked me off since I hadn't cum the last time. After we left the shower we went back poolside and laid in the shade for a while. After a bit, I drifted off.

When I awoke it was mid afternoon. Chuck was sitting nearby, clad in a robe, reading.

"Hi," he said. "How are you feeling?"

"Great", I said, "sleepy."

He nodded. "I called your folks, told them you'd be late and might have dinner here tonight. Is that okay with you? Or you can go home, whichever."

"Thank, I'll stay. But probably can't stay too late."

"No problem. I'll get you home in plenty of time."

He grinned. I grinned back. I got up off the chaise lounge and went over where to where he was sitting. I knelt down in front of him. I opened up his robe and reached in for his cock. I took it out and started to stroke it. 

"Mmmmm..." he said. I bent forward to take him in my mouth. I gently licked the tip, savoring the taste. Chuck settled back in his chair. I took more of him down my throat. He moaned louder. I bent to my task. I was determined to take as much of him as possible. I worked diligently and in about ten minutes, I could feel his pubic hair tickling my nose. I continued to suck up and down his entire length. Once, I almost gagged, but I caught myself and backed off a little. 

"Faster," he murmured. "I'm gonna cum. Faster." I withdrew a little and then bobbed up and down as quickly as I could. His moaning became louder. Suddenly his legs went rigid. He grabbed my head and held me to him. Suddenly he was cumming and he fired his load into my mouth. I swallowed as much as I could until it was dribbling out of my mouth. I withdrew his cock and played it over my face. I caught the last little drops with my tongue.

Chuck sighed. "For someone who's only been doing this for a couple of days, you sure know how to suck a cock. You've never done this before, right?"

"Never," I said and stood, wiping the cum off my face with the back of my hand. "Am I doing it all right?"

"Whew! Oh yeah. You're definitely doing it right. Come over here." I felt proud that he liked what I was doing. In fact, I loved sucking his cock. I wished right then I could just do it over and over. I stood in front of him. He slipped out of the chair and onto his knees. Without preamble he took my cock in his mouth. It instantly sprang erect. I arched my back and tried to thrust forward. I tentatively put my hands on his head, gently holding him to me. With his mouth he sucked me deep inside. With one hand he toyed with my balls while he probed my ass with the other. He pressed hard and pushed his finger deep inside me. I groaned as he fingered me. He pulled gently on my balls and twisted. He sucked harder and harder. Finally I reached the edge and couldn't hold back any longer. I shot my load into his mouth. I grabbed his head for support as I stayed impaled on his finger. After he had milked me dry he withdrew both finger and mouth.

He grabbed my hand and led me inside the house again. In the living room he bent me over the back of the couch. I heard him spit on his cock and then he was at my backdoor. I felt him push, his technique rougher this time. It hurt only for a moment and then he slid in me to the hilt. I cried out in anguish and ecstasy. He held my hips tightly and pounded in and out. 

"Ohhhh, ooohhh," I moaned, "fuck me Mr. Engle, fuck me!" I heard him growl and the thrust even harder. Now I knew how to tease him.

"Oh yeah, harder. Fuck my ass. You like doing it with teenage boys don't you?" Bent over, exposed, he kept up his furious pace. He suddenly surprised me by slapping my ass. I jumped. 

"You like that, too, don't you?" he growled and started slapping my butt in time with his thrusts. I yelled in pleasure and pain. He stopped spanking me and with a howl, thrust hard into me. I could feel his cock pulsing inside me as he shot his load. He worked in an out for a minute while he softened and shrank, then with a 'plop' he slid out. Cum ran down my ass. I couldn't move for a minute or so.

Finally, he dragged me off the couch, turned me around and hugged me tight. He bent down to kiss me and I relaxed in his arms. At that moment I knew he could do anything, ask anything of me. I was perfectly content.

He finally broke the kiss. He sent me off to the shower. After I'd cleaned and dressed he gave me one more kiss and then sent me home. "I may have something special for you tomorrow," he winked. I couldn't wait. As I bicycled home, my butt rubbing against the seat, I tried to imagine what tomorrow would bring.