 The next morning I was back at Mr. Engle's house. My heart pounded and my cock twitched as I knocked and then let myself in. Inside I found Chuck in the living room, talking with another man. This new person was older, maybe in his fifties, with white hair. He was thin with a hawk like nose. Chuck introduced him to me as Bob, a friend from work. So this was the surprise he had for me. Two of them! I trembled at the thought.

I smiled and started to sit down.

"Oh, no, don't sit," Chuck said. "Stand in the middle of the room. That's it. Now take off your clothes."

My eighteen year old cock was rock hard as I dropped my pants. I kicked them into one corner of the room. My t-shirt followed. Then I was standing there awkwardly, under the lustful gaze of the older men.

"Turn around," Bob said, and I did a slow turn for them. 

"Nice ass," Bob commented. "Nice cock, too."

I felt myself blushing. Chuck said to me: "Why don't you show Bob what you can do with your mouth." I walked slowly over to Bob. I started to kneel down in front of him but he stopped me. Instead, he ran his hands up and down my legs. He cupped my ass and squeezed. With the finger of one hand he traced the crack in my ass, sending a shiver down me. With the other hand the fondled my cock and balls. 

"Very nice," he said after a couple of minutes of fondling. He stood up long enough to unbuckle his pants and drop them to the floor. Then he sat back down. I knelt in front of him, suddenly hungry for cock. His was not nearly so big as Chuck's. It was perhaps six inches and slim, not too different then mine. I wrapped my right hand around it easily. I bent forward and licked the tip gently. I heard him sigh and glanced up to see him sitting back with his eyes closed. Still watching him, I slowly swallowed the head and then slid down the length of him. He was so different in size to Chuck that I took him easily the very first time. I didn't stop swallowing him until I reached the root. As my nose buried itself in his pubic hair I heard him cry out. 

Feeling I had him now, I slowly worked up and down the length of his shaft. I sucked hard and sucked softly. I ran my tongue around the shaft and the head. I took him out of mouth and licked him up and down as I would an ice cream cone. I worked my way further down and sucked his balls into my mouth. I played with them gently, as Chuck had taught me just a couple of days before. Then I licked my way back up and continued going down on him.

After about ten minutes of this I could tell he was about to come. I started to pick up the pace of my sucking. He stopped me though. He pulled back and gently pulled me off his cock with his hands. I was mildly disappointed; I had been looking forward to tasting his cum.

"Not yet," he said, "I want some of that tight little ass."

"Well," said Chuck from behind me, "that shouldn't be a problem. He took to fucking like a duck to water. It's hard to stop the little slut."

"I'll say."

I felt Chuck lifting me up from behind. As I came to my feet I could feel his long hard cock rubbing the crack of my ass. He had undressed while I'd been blowing Bob.

"Let's try something fun, okay?" Chuck asked no one in particular. I was always up for Chuck's ideas. Chuck had Bob lie on the floor on his back. He then lubed up my ass by bending me over and applying the lube with two or three fingers. Then he had me squat over Bob's hard cock. Getting the idea, I slowly lowered myself. I felt Bob's cock start to slip into my ass. He reached for my hips and with a swift motion pulled me down to impale me on him. My eyes opened in surprise for a moment. Still, it was easier to take than Chuck's; a dagger instead of a club. I got used to the new position for a moment and then began to move up and down. Bob kept his hands on my hips. He would thrust up as I came down, pushing for maximum penetration. 

Chuck came along side and stood next to me. He offered his stiffening prick and I took it in my mouth. What a trip! I had a cock in my ass and a cock in my mouth. Some stranger I had never met before was fucking me, and I was sucking off my girlfriend's dad. 

I savored every moment of Chuck's prick. I ran my tongue over the bulbous head and traced the veins down the length of it. With one hand I hefted his balls and knew they were filled with hot salty cum that would be gushing down my throat shortly. 

I sucked like a madman possessed. Something had sent me over the edge and now all I wanted was cock. As much as I could get. I sucked and licked Chuck while Bob thrust up into me. I vaguely heard Bob moaning and in a moment I could feel him jerk and then he was filling me with cum. I worked harder on Chuck and he grabbed my head and rammed his cock into my mouth. The next moment I nearly drowned as jet after jet of hot, sloppy cum filled my mouth. I couldn't swallow it all and it overflowed out of my mouth and down my chin.

I was held for a moment between the two spent men. Then Chuck withdrew and about the same time Bob's cock slipped out of my butt. I rolled off and onto the floor. I reached for my own cock and pumped it, trying for my own release. Bob rolled over and managed to get his mouth on my prick just as I erupted. He licked and swallowed it all.

The three of us lay there for a few minutes. Bob eventually got up and rumaged in his clothes for a cigarette. He offered each of us one. I think I had only smoked maybe once before this, but here I was lounging around naked with two other men, smoking. It was beyond cool. 

Once the cigarettes were finished, Bob went to the bathroom to clean up. While he was gone, Chuck said, "Now you're going to get your turn."

"My turn for what?"

"Bob wants you to fuck him the ass." 

"Really? Wow." I was excited at the idea. Although I had just shot my wad a few minutes before, I felt myself getting hard.

Bob came back. He sat down next to me on the floor and began fondling my prick. "Such a nice prick," he said. I lay back and let him fondle me. He slid his hands up my chest and tweaked my tits. I jumped a little; they were very sensitive and I found the brief pain exciting. "You like that, don't you?" I nodded. He pressed his mouth to mine and our tongues played tag for a while. He kept playing with my prick, which was now quite hard. 

"I want you in my ass," he whispered. I grinned and nodded. He moved over to the ottoman and draped himself over it. Chuck handed me the vaseline. For the first time I dipped my fingers in the jar, then smeared it on Bob's asshole. I slowly worked my fingers in, two at a time. I was amazed at how tight and hot his hole was. Eventually, I was had my fingers in him completely. I withdrew and then covered my cock with the slimy stuff. I got into position and put the tip of my cock at his asshole. I pushed forward. His ass resisted for a minute and I wondered if I was doing something wrong. Then I began to penetrate. I moved into him slowly. Bob groaned softly. I pressed forward until I was all the way in. My sparse pubes were brushing his ass. The feeling was so incredible. His ass was so warm and gripped me tighter than any hand. I moved slowly because I knew I would come if I moved too fast. I pulled out until I was almost out, then thrust slowly all the way back in. I worked in and out for a few minutes. I was too excited to last long. I grabbed Bob's hips and began to bang in and out as the orgasm rose in me. Bob pushed back with every penetration. He grunted softly in time with the thrusts. I couldn't hold back any more and I cried out as I flooded his ass with my cum. It was one of the most intensive orgasms I ever had. I shuddered and shook as I spilled my seed into him. 

I slumped forward but he clinched his ass and kept me from pulling out. He kept a grip on me and moved back and forth. Within a couple of minutes I was hard again. I began to fuck him again with a slow, steady pace.

I felt fingers on my ass and then the familiar feel of Chuck's cock against my asshole. He pressed into me and I moved to greet him. I sighed deeply as I felt him slide into me. It was strange to feel my cock in one ass while another cock slid into mine. Chuck grabbed my hips and began to move in and out. No fear of coming here! Chuck's movements caused me to thrust in and out of Bob. He began to moan as my prick picked up speed. It was kind of difficult to get the motions coordinated, but after a few minutes we kind of had it down. I would alternate my concentration between the cock in my ass and my prick in Bob's ass. Finally, I felt the familiar tingling. I shot another load into Bob's ass. I slumped forward and Chuck began to work in and out of my tight passage. Laying on Bob's back, I reached underneath and found his prick. I worked my hand up and down. He began to moan again. I picked up the pace and he groaned and I felt his cum all over my hand. 

At about the same time, Chuck pushed as far into me as he could. I could feel his cock twitching inside of me as his monster cock filled me up again. He withdrew and once again I could feel the load of cum leaking out of me. Chuck got up and sat in a chair. I sat down on the floor at his feet. He tousled my hair in a friendly fashion. Bob finally turned around and just sat there by the ottoman. "Wow," he said, "wow." We all smoked another cigarette.

Bob checked the time. "I've got to go now," he said, "but I want to do this again." He came over and squeezed my cock and balls and kissed me deeply. "I want to fuck you again soon," he said. "Fine with me," I replied. Bob shook Chuck's hand, dressed and left.

Chuck got up and fixed us a couple of drinks. I was feeling very adult -- drinking, smoking and fucking. "Well, what would you like to do this afternoon?" he asked.