 Neil sighed and threw down the pencil. He couldn't focus with all of these thoughts running through his head. He was happy with Dalton. He was a little arrogant, but he treated Neil well. Better than Neil thought most people would treat him. He still had no hope for humanity. 

"Something wrong?" Dalton asked. Neil looked over at him. They were sitting in his room on wednesday night, trying to finish their English project due tomorrow morning.

"I'm just having trouble focusing." Neil said. It was the truth. He was happy with Dalton, but he did miss Conner. Conner had a certain way about him that Dalton didn't have. Neil couldn't place what it was, but it was very obvious when it wasn't there. It drove him insane. 

"Maybe I can fix that." Dalton smiled. He climbed over Neil and began kissing him feverishly. Neil moaned under him and let Dalton take control. He didn't like losing control, but he knew Dalton loved having him be so submissive under him. It made Neil nervous.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

Conner stared at Neil from across the room. His pale skin called out to him. He wanted to lick and nibble at the hollow spot under his chin. He wanted to kiss the soft pink lips that smiled ever so softly at Dalton. Conner hadn't spoken to either of them in weeks. He missed his friends, but he couldn't keep his anger under control when he saw them together. He wanted Neil. He deserved Neil. 

It wasn't a secret that Dalton was possessive and arrogant. But would cheat on his boyfriend the first chance he got. Conner had dated Dalton for four days before they drove each other insane. After they broke up they had remained friends, both agreeing they were better that way.

"Thank you, Neil." Their teacher said, as he finished their presentation. Neil nodded and sat back down. Conner snapped his pencil in his fists as Dalton leaned over and whispered something to Neil, making him laugh softly. He had to get over this. He missed Neil too much. Dalton he could live without. But if he wanted to remain friends with Neil, he would have to get over it. Dalton had him now. The bell rang and the class stood up and began walking out the door. Conner waited until Dalton waved goodbye and walked in the opposite direction.

"Neil." Conner called out. Neil turned around and seemed shocked when he saw it was Conner calling him.

"Hey." He smiled softly, almost hesitating.

"Hey. I just wanted to say I'm sorry I got so pissed off. I really want to stay friends." Conner said.

"I wanted to stay friends, too. But you got so mad. I really don't want to have to deal with that, Conner." Neil said.

"I'm sorry, okay? I was just jealous. I still am, but I can see past that. I don't want to lose you as a friend." He grabbed Neils hand and made him stop to talk to him. He felt a spark but Neil quickly got a hold of himself. Neil sighed.

"You're totally right. I still feel bad for taking you out of school for a week. You are okay, right?" Neil asked. Connor nodded. "Good...Hey, we were going to go to the movies tonight, do you want to come?" Neil asked.

"Are you sure Dalton will be okay with this? I haven't talked to him yet..." Connor said.

"He'll be fine." Neil smiled. "We'll pick you up at eight." Neil said, and walked away.

~~~~~~~~~~

They chose a horror movie. Connor watched as Neil sat between the other two men. Dalton hadn't said anything when he picked him up, but he was sure he was pissed at Connor. Connor wasn't sure why, either. He hadn't done anything to Dalton. The movie started and Dalton was holding the popcorn. Neil munched quietly on the buttery goodness while focusing on the movie. But Connor couldn't help but stare at his smooth jaw and pink lips. He looked up from Neils beautiful face and met eyes with Dalton, who had caught him staring at his boyfriend. 

Dalton scowled at him and wrapped his arm around Neils shoulder, pulling him in close. Neil rested his head on Daltons shoulder and Dalton smiled smugly at Connor. Connor felt the anger building inside him. He tried to focus on the movie but just couldn't get into it. He looked over and saw Dalton playing with Neils hair. 

He reached over to grab a handful of popcorn from Daltons lap, and made an extra effort to get his own face close to Neils, who didn't even notice the sly move. Dalton glared at him as he closed his eyes and inhaled the scent of Neils hair. He raised an eyebrow at Dalton and moved back to his seat. Dalton glared at him for the rest of the movie.

Neil jumped at all of the scary parts and buried his head in Daltons neck. Connor was surprised that Neil was scared. He just seemed so cool and aloof all the time. But he guessed that was because of his 'I don't give a shit' attitude, not his bravery. The two boys kept trying to one up each other through the whole film. Dalton held Neil closely and Connor kept finding ways to get close to him. He would offer Neil candy and would feed it to him, or would reach over to steal some popcorn from Dalton, getting unnecessarily close to Neil. He pretended to be scared during one of the scary parts and grabbed Neils hand, not letting go for the rest of the movie. 

When Dalton watched, for the fourth time, as Connor fed Neil a Junior Mint, he decided he had had enough. He threw the popcorn at Connor and pulled Neil up, storming out of the theatre.

"What the hell are you doing?" Neil pulled his hand from Daltons.

"He keeps making a move on you!" Dalton pointed at Connor, who had followed them out. 

"He is not! He's just a friend Dalton, I can't believe you're throwing a fit over this. What, I can't have male friends anymore?" Neil asked. Dalton crossed his arms.

"Not if you're friends with him." he said.

"You're making me chose between my friend and my boyfriend?" Neil crossed his own arms.

"Yes. you can be friends with anyone but him, Neil. He just wants to get with you!" Dalton shouted. People stared at them while buying their tickets or their drinks.

"That's such bullshit, Dalton. And you know it. He wouldn't do that." Neil said.

"Then fuck you, Neil. You made your choice." Dalton stormed out. Neil sighed and put a hand to his head.

"I get out of solitary confinement after three years and I have to deal with high school drama, what is this shit?" He muttered.

"I'm sorry Neil." Connor said.

"It's okay. It's not your fault." He waved a hand. "I didn't think he would get so jealous." 

"You can't really blame him. I would get jealous if you were my boyfriend and he was hitting on you." Connor shrugged, as they began walking from the theatre.

"Yeah, but you weren't hitting on me. He got mad over nothing." Neil said.

"Well... In all honesty I was kind of getting close to you, just to piss him off." Connor admitted. Neil stopped and stared at him, before sighing and started walking again.

"I'm with Dalton, Connor. I plan to keep it that way. Sure he's a little arrogant, and can be annoying...but he's a good guy. I'm sorry." Neil said. 

"I know. I hope you guys are happy together. Just know that I'll always be there for you...okay?" Connor said. Neil nodded. 

"Thank you." He smiled. He knew that Connor meant it. He would always be there for him.

~~~~~~~~

Months passed and Neil and Dalton stopped hanging out with Connor. Dalton would get jealous, or Connor would get pissed off. It was best if they just stopped talking all together. Neil would pass Connor in the hallway and wave and smile, but that was where their contact ended. In no time at all, Graduation was just around the corner. As they lined up to get their robes and cap, Dalton put his arm around Neil.

"So have you decided where you're going after all of this?" Dalton looked around the high school.

"Yeah. I want to go to UC Berkeley." Neil said.

"What? You aren't a musician." Dalton frowned.

"Yes I am. I've been in Orchestra all year, and I was playing before that." Neil said, shocked Dalton didn't know.

"Oh...Thats cool." Dalton shrugged.

"Where are you going?" Neil asked, moving forward in the line.

"Nowhere. I think I'll just take a break from school for a year or two." Dalton smiled.

"Oh, that's cool I guess." Neil shrugged. Dalton wasn't stupid, he wasn't a genius, but he could get into a good college if he wanted.

~~~~~~~~~~

"God you're so hot." Dalton panted as he kissed Neil passionately. 

"You're not so bad yourself." Neil smiled. Dalton pushed his shirt over his head and began nibbling at Neils nipples.

"Please, Neil. I have to have you. You're so beautiful." He panted. Neil nodded. Dalton smiled and moved down lower. In no time at all Neil was naked and Dalton was sucking his cock greedily. Neil writhed under his hungry mouth and let Dalton take control. He felt his balls tighten up and he panted heavily.

"Dalton, I'm gonna cum." He said. Dalton kept suck until Neil flooded his mouth. Dalton smiled around his cock and sucked out the last drop. Neil panted and Dalton leaned over, spitting the cum out into the trash. Neil poked out his lip.

"You don't really love me." He joked. Dalton laughed, wiping his mouth. He pushed Neils knee's up to his chest.

"Hold these for me?" He winked at Neil, who smiled and wrapped his arms under his knees and held them up, giving Dalton access to his hole. Dalton rolled the condom on and squeezed a fair amount of lube out onto his cock, rubbing it around the condom. Neil felt the cold lube on his hole as Dalton worked it in slowly, stretching him out. He moaned under Daltons fingers and took a deep breath when he felt Dalton's cock up against his ass. Dalton pushed in and the head popped in. Neil hissed and Dalton paused, letting him adjust to his size.

"Are you okay?" He asked. Neil nodded. 

"Keep going, I like the pain." He admitted. Dalton raised an eyebrow and smiled.

"My own little S&M freak." He smiled, and pushed the rest of his cock into Neil's hole quickly. Neil cried out in pain and pleasure and Dalton began fucking him quickly. Neil tossed his head back and forth as Dalton pounded into him. Neil would have cum sooner, but the feeling of Dalton standing over him ruined it. He pushed Dalton back and climbed on top of his cock, sinking down on his pole. He rolled his head back and moaned. He preferred being on top. In no time at all he squeezed Daltons shoulders as his boyfriend jacked him off.

"Oh shit!" Neil cried out as he came for the second time that night. Dalton moaned and pulled Neil down against his chest. He filled the condom and smiled at the feeling of Neils cum between their chests.

"Shit, I love being eighteen." Dalton laughed. "You wont be able to cum twice in one night forever, you know?" He smiled.

"Oh I can do more than that." Neil winked.

"You're a little horn dog. Why didn't we do this sooner?" Dalton asked.

"I had to make sure you were the right guy, you know?" Neil smiled.

"So wait, you're a virgin?" Dalton said, surprised.

"Not anymore." Neil chuckled.

"Wow...It means a lot to me that I was your first, Neil. It makes me feel really close to you." Dalton stroked Neil's back, as they laid together in the dark.

"I feel close to you too, Dalton." Neil smiled. He realized he wasn't lying. Dalton was one of the first people he had felt close to in a long time. He felt his heart begin to stir, something else he also hadn't felt in a long time.

"Good, I don't want us to be just a fling. I want this to mean something, Neil." Dalton whispered.

"When I was in solitary, in the camps...I just shut myself off from everyone. Even when I got out. I can't connect with my dad, or with my teachers or any of the guys from school. I forgot how good it feels to be connected to someone." Neil admitted. He put his ear to Dalton's chest and listened to his heartbeat. Dalton sat quietly as Neil listened to the steady 'thump thump' of his chest. He put a hand on Daltons chest. As his heart beat, he let two small electrical currents flow from his hand. Dalton jumped and smiled.

"That feels...really weird." He said. Neil did it again, letting the current flow at the same time as the beat of his heart. He smiled, and kept up the routine for awhile longer. Finally he began falling asleep, letting the steady rhythm of Daltons heart soothe him.

~~~~~~~~~~

"Hey Neil." Connor smiled.

"Hey." Neil returned the smile.

"Nice." Connor nodded at his diploma. 

"You too." Neil laughed. Dalton walked up and wrapped his arms around Neil.

"Hey babe, congrats." He smiled. 

"You too." Neil smiled and kissed Dalton happily. Connor kept the fake smile plastered on his face.

"So what are you guys going to do to celebrate?" Connor asked.

"We were going to go to the grad party, in a half hour." Dalton said. "Want to come?" Dalton had managed to warm up to Connor again, once Connor agreed to back off.

"Nah, I wouldn't want to be a third wheel." Connor shook his head.

"No, come on. It will be fun." Neil said. 

"What?" Dalton and Connor said at the same time. 

"The eternal pessimist says somethings going to be...wait for it...fun?" Connors jaw dropped.

"Not horrible and traumatizing?"

"Or painful and scarring?"

"Or depressing and-"

"Okay okay, you made your point, alright?" Neil laughed.

"So hey, whatever happened to 'I'm not gay'?" Connor asked.

"Oh be quiet." Neil scowled. Dalton laughed the hardest. They climbed into Daltons car and sat down.

"You need to get a new truck." Neil complained.

"What's wrong with this one?" Connor looked around the ancient truck.

"Well for one thing, it has no seat belts." Neil glared.

"The guy who owned it before me took them out to replace them after an accident. They broke and he just kind of forgot about them." Dalton explained.

"Yeah, I still want a seat belt." Neil glared at Dalton harder.

"Baby." Dalton winked at him. They pulled up to the other side of the school.

"Lets party like rock stars, boys!" Connor smiled and jumped out of the truck excitedly.

~~~~~~~~

"For a school dance, this is actually kind of fun." Connor said over the loud music. Neil nodded. "So Dalton said you're in Orchestra? When did that happen?" Connor asked.

"Why does nobody know anything about me?" He threw his hand up.

"What do you play?" Connor asked.

"The violin is my main instrument. But I can also play trombone." Neil smiled.

"Wow, a man of many skills." He laughed. "So does that mean you're good at hand jobs AND blow jobs?" Connor winked.

"You bet he is." Dalton walked up with their small cups of punch, putting his arm around Neil's shoulders.

"Dalton!" Neil laughed and elbowed him in the side, accepting his drink.

"It's true, babe. I'm not gonna lie." Dalton laughed, kissing Neil's temple playfully.

"I have to admit...You two are kind of cute together." Connor said.

"Thanks." Neil smiled, glad that Connor got rid of most of his jealousy...most of it.

"I just want you guys to be happy. If that means I'm the third wheel...I think I can deal with that." Connor smiled sadly.

"You're not a third wheel." Neil said. "We're all still friends. Though I don't think I'm going to ever get over you guys treating me like some prize to be won." Neil rolled his eyes.

"Let us just be macho and old fashioned for a little bit." Dalton laughed.

"You can't be old fashioned when you're not old!" Neil shouted, smiling.

"True..." Dalton shrugged. "But who needs to be old when you have spiked punch!" Dalton held up his cup.

"What? Someone already spiked it?" Neil looked down at his drink as if he would be able to tell the difference.

"Yep...someone." Dalton looked around and pulled out an empty unmarked bottle.

"Jesus, Dalton. You used the whole thing." Connor whispered and looked around.

"I need a nice buzz!" He held up his hands, downing his entire cup of punch.

"You're so not driving tonight." Neil set his down.

"Oh come on, get blitzed with me Neily." Dalton smiled.

"I don't drink. But thanks anyways. Besides, someone has to get you into bed once you crash." Neil crossed his arms.

"Always the responsible one. Loosen up. You deserve it. You are graduating after all." Dalton nibbled Neils neck playfully and Neil pushed him away.

"You really can't hold your liquor, can you?" Neil shook his head.

"Oh, like you can do any better. Look at you, you tiny thing." Dalton pinched Neil's small waist.

"Hey! Hands off." Neil slapped him away playfully.

"I like hands on better." Dalton whispered, and pulled Neil in for a hungry kiss, before going to get another cup full of the spiked punch.

"I'm sorry. If I had known he was going to be spiking shit, I wouldn't have let him leave the house." Neil blushed.

"It's okay. You guys are a couple, you're supposed to be all lovey dovey. If you weren't, I would be worried." Connor smiled, still a little sad.

"I hope you know you're my best friend, Connor. Dalton may be my boyfriend, but a guy still needs a best friend, you know?" Neil said.

"Yeah...You're my best friend too." Connor smiled back.

"Come on, Connor. Neil wont drink with me, so you have to." Dalton handed him another drink, though he hadn't even touched the one he had been given first.

"Oh jesus." Connor laughed. He looked down at both of the cups and rolled his eyes, before tossing back first one, then the other.

"Yeeeees!" Dalton cheered.

"You're already drunk, huh?" Neil rolled his eyes.

"Blitzed, Neilly. Blitzed." Dalton corrected.

"Blitzed...right...and stop calling me Neilly." He glared. He looked over and saw Connor was still fine, even after Dalton had given him a third drink to nurse. "At least someone here can hold a drink with more alcohol than a Capri-sun." Neil mumbled. Connor laughed.

"My parents let me drink on holidays, and my dad gives me a beer from time to time. So I guess this just isn't my first time touching the stuff." Connor pushed Dalton with a finger and he swayed a little bit.

"I was never one for drinking. I like being in control of my actions." Neil laughed. Watching Daltons glazed eyes.

"Man...this stuff is strong." Dalton slurred.

"You're an idiot." Neil laughed and rested his head on Dalton's shoulder.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

After an hour, Dalton was completely wasted. His speech was slurred and he stumbled noticeably around the hardwood floors of the gym. The dance was going to be over soon, and Neil wanted to get Dalton out of there before the teachers got a chance to get a good look at him.

"Maybe I should drive you home, Neil. I don't think he's okay to get behind the wheel." Connor said, worried, as Neil was about to put Dalton in the car. His boyfriend leaned on his shoulder heavily and Neil struggled to hold up his weight.

"Thank you, I don't really want him to drive anywhere." Neil admitted.

"Where's his keys?" Connor asked. He had only finished the three drinks Dalton had given him, and he was only a little glassy eyed. Neil gave Dalton to Connor and sat in the passenger seat, waiting for Connor to put Dalton in the back and grab his keys. Neil reminded himself that he needed to get his license soon, it sucked having to be charioted around like a princess.

"Get off me!" Dalton shoved Connor aside. "You just want to get alone with Neil, don't you?" he snapped. "I can drive just fine." He mumbled, and climbed into the drivers seat, locking the doors and putting the key in the ignition.

"Dalton, what are you doing? You're to drunk to drive give the keys to Connor." Neil said.

"You are cheating on me!" Dalton slurred. He revved the engine before beginning to pull out of the now empty parking lot.

"Dalton, you're drunk. I'm not cheating on you, not with Connor, and not with anybody." Neil tried to talk some sense into him, as he pulled out onto the road, hitting the curb on his way out. Neil looked back and saw Connor running across the school to get his own car, which he had left parked where they had graduation.
