 While my high school girlfriend and her mom were gone on summer vacation, I had ended up being seduced by her dad. My summer job consisted of taking care of their home and pool, so I was not raising any suspicions at home. Everyday I would bicycle off to the Engle's. And every day I would spend my time sucking and fucking with Mr. Engle. I had progressed to the point where I couldn't wait to get to his house. I had come to love sucking his huge cock and having it rammed up my ass. I couldn't get enough. He had even invited over a co-worker of his once and the two of them had used me all day.

Now, about a week after this had all begun, I was again biking up to the Engle's house. I knew that things would change as soon as Margie and her mom got home, but I was determined to use every minute I had with Chuck.

When I got to the house, I knocked and let myself in with my key. As usual, Chuck was on the chaise lounge by the pool, naked in the sun. The tall trees and shrubbery hid the view from the neighbors. 

"Hi, Mr. Engle," I said. Without being prompted, I shucked my clothes and climbed onto the lounge next to him.

"Good morning," he said and he ran his hands down my body. He fondled my prick until it was hard, then squeezed my balls. His hand trailed underneath to my asshole, which he stroked lightly. "Mmmm, you're just as tasty as ever!"

"Thanks," I said and I reached up and kissed him. His tongue insinuated itself into my mouth and we played tongue tag for several minutes. While we were kissing he took my left hand and moved it to his prick. I grasped his huge member, barely able to encircle it with my hand. I marveled at the texture of it and how I could get such a huge monster up my ass. Both my mouth and my ass ached to have it. We stroked each other's cocks while we kissed. 

After a bit we pulled apart, out of breath. Chuck looked into my eyes. "Would you like to do something special for me?"

"Anything," I said, wondering what else we could do together.

"It's a little weird," he said, "I don't know if you'd want to do it or not."

"A little weird? As compared to what we've been doing?"

He laughed. "I see your point. Come on." He got up and led me by the hand into the house. We walked through the living room and down the hall. At the end we turned right, into my girlfriend Margie's bedroom.

"You want to do it in here?" I asked. The idea made me vaguely uncomfortable. After all, I still loved Margie didn't I? I still wanted to sleep with her but I didn't want to do it with her dad in her room.

"No, no," he replied hastily. "Not at all. What I want you to do though...." He paused for moment, then continued quickly, "I want you to pick out some of her clothes. Dress up in a skirt, nylons, bra - all that stuff. Then come see me in the living room." He turned quickly and left the room.

I stood there with my mouth open. Dress up in girl's clothes? I was shocked for a moment but then the idea began to build within me. After all, when I'd had the house to myself this summer, more than a few times I had wondered into this room. I'd gone through her drawers and her closet out of curiosity. 

Now though.... Dress up in Margie's clothes? I found the idea more and more intriguing. I went through her top drawer and started to select a pair of panties. Then I thought better of it. I probably wouldn't be wearing the panties long. Instead, I found a garter belt and a pair of nylons. I figured out how the belt worked and then put them on. I loved the sheer feel of the nylon as they encased my legs. I was getting a hard on just from the feel. From her closet I found a short pleated green wool skirt. Margie is kind of a big girl so her clothes didn't fit that badly on me. In her middle drawer I found a plain white bra. I fiddled around with that and got it on. Obviously, I couldn't fill the cups. I took some socks and stuffed the bra. Then a simple white blouse, almost like a shirt. It took a bit to get the blouse buttoned. Finally I found a pair of black high heels. They were tight on my feet but they'd do. In stood in front of the full length mirror and admired myself. My long hair worked with the outfit. Too bad I didn't know much about makeup. 

I went into Margie's half bath and found her makeup. Might as well try. I found some eyelash stuff and carefully applied it. It seemed to work. Then I found some muted lipstick. I had to apply it a couple of times before I was satisfied. I checked myself in the mirror. Not too bad, I thought.

I gathered myself up and walked on unsteady feet to the living room. Chuck was there, sitting in his chair, a drink in his hand.

In the center of the room, I gave a short curtsey and spun around.

"Wow," was all he said. He rose and his cock rose with him. He took me into his arms. His hands roamed up and down my body. They paused to squeeze my ass. I felt him hiking up my skirt, exposing my bare ass. "Very nice," he whispered. He let the skirt drop. He bent and kissed me and I responded in kind. I could feel his hard cock between us. I moaned as his tongue probed my mouth. After a few minutes he broke the kiss. He took a step back and sat down in his living room chair. His hands were on my arms and he urged me down. I kept my eyes on his as I knelt in front of him. I took his mammoth cock in my hand and skinned it up and down. Still holding his eyes, I took the head in my mouth and ran my tongue around it. He groaned and his eyes narrowed to slits. I opened my mouth as wide as I could and took as much of it as I could down my throat. His eyes closed and his hands found my head. They guided me up and down his cock. I loved the taste of it, the salty pre-cum, the heat of it. I doubled my efforts to swallow as much as I could. My hands encircled the base of his cock. Slowly, slowly, I took him all in. Chuck moaned and whimpered as I worked on him. I started moving up and down rapidly, fucking his cock with my mouth. In no time I had him on the edge. He gripped my head tightly and thrust deeply. Suddenly my mouth was filling with his hot cum. I managed to receive all of it by swallowing rapidly. Keeping him in my mouth, I continued to suck him as he softened. He let go of my head and sank back in the chair. I finally released him and sat back on my heels.

"Wow," he said again. "That was fantastic." He sighed again.

"I'm glad you liked it," I said. "What else can I do for you?" I grinned wickedly and licked my lips.

"Oh, you'll find out. Give me a few minutes though." Rising he made us both drinks. He lit a cigarette and then lit one for me. We sat side by side on the couch, smoking.

"I don't want you to think," he said, "that because you're in Margie's clothes I have some desire for my daughter."

I giggled. "Just some desire for me. Or teenage girls in general."

He laughed. "Probably both. But you especially." He ran his hand up under my skirt and found my cock. "Such a nice cock. Well, we'll have to think about what we can do about this." He shook my hard on gently.

"You'll think of something."

"I'm sure." He continued to jerk me off for a few minutes. When I started to moan, he slipped off the couch and knelt between my legs. He pushed the skirt up and took my cock in his mouth. I moaned more. I slipped my legs over his shoulders. I held his head to me while he sucked. I marveled at the view - the older man with his head between my legs, sucking me; the sight of my stockinged legs over his shoulders, the black heels on my feet. I could taste the lipstick on my lips. Chuck stopped long enough to moisten a finger and resumed sucking me. His finger slipped underneath me and into my ass. I shifted again as he finger fucked me. 

It was too much. I gasped and grabbed his head and shot my load down his throat. He drank it all down without missing a beat. When my cock became too sensitive for his attention, I pushed him away. Mouth and finger withdrew. 

He let me lay there for a minute. Then he picked me up off the couch, turned me around and had me lay over the couch. I felt him behind me. I looked over my shoulder to watch him. He flipped the skirt up over my back, exposing my rear. He surprised me again when he suddenly plunged his face to my rear. His tongue started licking around my asshole. I gasped at the new sensation. His tongue started probing my asshole. He pushed his tongue inside me. Despite having just come, my cock sprang back to attention. Chuck continued the rim job for a couple of minutes. Then he rose and I could see him holding his giant cock. It pressed against my asshole. I spread my legs a bit more and relaxed. He grabbed my hips and pushed and then he was sliding in me. It was a bit rougher without the lube. I bit my lip. He slowly pushed into me. He took his time and after a few minutes he was all the way in. The pain eased a bit and Chuck began to pump in an out. The more he fucked me, the more I enjoyed it. I started to push my ass back to greet him when he would push forward. We got a good rhythm going.

"Oh, yes, you like this don't you?" I nodded. I looked back at him and licked my lips. His grip on my hips increased. "You're such a lovely little slut. Your ass just sucks up my cock. I just love fucking your little teenage ass."

"Do me, Mr. Engle. Do me. Fuck my ass. Come on, give it to me. I'm you're little teenage slut. I love being your slut. Oh yeah, that's it." I buried my head in the couch cushions. Chuck was almost violent now. My ass was hot and burning and I could feel his hot length of meat moving in an out of me. He gave a cry and then buried himself to the hilt. I could feel his pubic hair on my ass. He flooded my insides with cum. Before he finished spurting, he pulled out and laid his big dick on my back. I could feel the cum on my skin.

He finally fell back. I just lay there, my ass exposed to the air, the come running out of my ass. I could feel some oozing down my balls and my cock. I started to get up. "Wait," he said. "Don't move." He got up and left the room. I felt a bit foolish bent over like that. I heard him come back. "Don't move," he said again. Then there was a click and a flash. He was taking pictures! I felt very dirty and slutty. He took a couple and then let me up. I sat on the couch and he took more of me, decked out like a teenage girl. I tried to strike some provocative poses. For one he had sit on the couch, legs spread, and hold my skirt up showing my hard cock. 

We took a break then. Chuck went and showered. I sat on the patio in teenage drag, smoking and drinking vodka and lime. When Chuck came back he set up his camera on a tripod with a timer in the living room. Then we played for a while taking pictures. The challenge was to set the timer and then rush back into various poses. We took several of me sucking his cock. By this time I had discarded all of Margie's clothing except for the stockings and heels. We took a couple of rolls of film, mostly of me sucking Chuck or him fucking me.

When we were down to the last couple of shots, he said, "Okay, now you do me." So we took a couple of shots of me in heels and stockings, fucking my girlfriend's dad. We set up one great one with me on my back and Chuck impaled on my cock, taken with my feet toward the camera. All you saw was a pair of legs in stockings and high heels, framing my balls, my cock disappearing up Chuck's ass.

It was a great way to wind up the day. Margie and her Mom were due back the next day. Chuck and I spent time on the chaise lounge, hugging and kissing and fondling. It would probably be some time before we could repeat the week's events. When I left that evening, I felt a little sad. But I knew I'd see Mr. Engle again. And besides, Margie was still my girlfriend. I wonder if she could be as wild as her dad?