 This is the third installment of Given and Taken.
Feedback is always appreciated. Thank you.

-thegirlinthecrowd

-------------------------

Finally everything made sense to Elijah. The horror of the mountain was indeed a beast, a deadly one that could easily rape and pillage the town. The sacrifice was meant as a way to feed it. When one died, they brought him another one. Eli stopped himself. Not him. It.

He was the sacrifice. He had been over this countless times in his head... but he had never considered the fact that the beast would... f...f....feed on h....him.

Eli had no tears left to shed, so he just lay there, pressed up against the wall of the tunnel hyperventilating. He had reached a dead end before he collapsed, utterly lost in the intricate design of the passage ways.

He thought back to his previous life. He thought of his mother and father, caring, loving and guarding. He was their only child, and yet after just 18 years he was pulled from their grasp. He thought of his friends, of his childhood in the village and of his small, warm house...

There was a sharp contrast between that memory, and the cold, damp loneliness of his current surroundings.

Slavery. That's what it was. He was slave to the cold, slave to the damp, slave to the hopelessness that this would be the rest of his life. He couldn't do this. He couldn't say in this darkness for the next 50 years or longer until he died... or until the beast got bored of him and killed him. His life would be hell... Eat, sleep and get bit, over and over, day after day... the thoughts drove him mad. What of this "sexual submission" as well? He thought back to what had transpired between the two of them only minutes previous. That was only the beginning. The beast would rape him, fuck him, beat him, torture him... it made him want to shiver, scream and cry thinking of what would be like. He couldn't take that.

Eli was blindly seeing his situation. He was blind to the gentleness of Alistair, blind to his patience and blind to both of their emotions. He felt shame at the way he shivered under Alistair's touch, under his care. He felt sick when he thought of how good it made him feel... He was blind to his need, simply because he didn't feel he could fulfill the need of another.

Eli saw only one other way out.

"Kill me" he said, his voice surprisingly without falter. "Kill me" he repeated louder, somehow knowing Alistair was somewhere within earshot. He considered adding 'fast' in his demand, but at that point he wasn't thinking clearly... nor did he really care how it was done, he just wanted it over.

Those words brought sharp pain through Alistair's veins.

The blanket he held dropped to the floor at his feet.

Elijah wanted death over him.

Alistair took a step back, and leaned against the wall opposite the boy. He needed the support, and needed to hide in the darkness that lingered there.

Eli looked up, hearing the movement. He couldn't see anyone there. He let his eyes adjust and they were drawn to the blanket that lay a few feet in front of him. He was cold, and reached to grab it but froze as he saw something shift in the shadows. He ignored it, draped the blanket around him, and sat up against the wall staring into the shadows.

Alistair looked upon the boy as Eli glanced towards him. He saw his blue eyes, full of hatred and fear. He saw his blond hair, messy and unruly. He saw his expression, it lacking any humanity. Eli looked savage. Savage, just like what Eli thought Alistair was. A beast. 

Alistair knew he wasn't a beast, though. Sure, he was immortal, but that didn't mean he was immoral. This fact needed to be proven, although he didn't know quite how. 

The young boy obviously didn't want to be touched.

He couldn't just leave him in the cave, return to his house and expect Eli to come crawling back to him. Eli was suicidal, and would probably starve himself to death before even considering returning to him. Even if Eli did change his mind, he would surely get lost in the tunnels anyway.

No. Leaving him was just not an option.

He closed his eyes.

Why was he even thinking like this, Alistair asked himself. The boy was his, HIS. He shouldn't have to compromise his wants just because the young being was having a tantrum... 

'But it's not just a tantrum' a voice inside his head told him, 'it's much, much more than that'

Another voice, his inner vampire disagreed. 'Why should I care what this being wants? I want him, nothing else should matter. Just grab him, and take him to go. It's better when they struggle anyways'

The human side of him fought back, 'You are not just an animal, neither is he. He is more than that, more than even the others ever were. He is what you have been waiting for. Don't screw this up. He could be exactly w...'

The voices faded out as he opened his eyes and saw the being in front of him. He needed to solve this boy's pain. His own inner conflicts could be solved later. For once, he put was another being before himself, and he didn't quite know if he liked that.

He slid down the wall to sit down. 'This could be a long day' he thought to himself.

Alistair looked at the horrid state of the boy and sighed. 'A very long day, indeed'

Eli looked up into the darkness, hearing Alistair's abrupt exhale and he shivered. Eli's adrenaline was pumping, and when he started talking, the words came out without fault or falter.

"I know you're there, no point in hiding." Eli said, pulling the blanket closer around him. "So can you just snap my neck or something? You could bite me and take too much blood, you could go get a kitchen knife, or you could go all vampire old school and drive a stake through m..."

"STOP!" Alistair growled, pulling himself off the ground and stepping out of the dark cover that kept him hidden. He stopped, took a deep breath, got his anger under control and closed his eyes.

"Elijah, just stop."

"Right I'll stop talking, it will make it easier."

"Elijah, listen to me. I'm not going to kill you."

"Why not?"

"Because... I need you"

"Oh right, I'm your food supply."

"No... that's not why."

Eli froze and looked at Alistair puzzled.

"I need... I need... Elijah, just listen. You are in shock. Relax, we can talk about this."

"I don't want to talk, I want to die. Did I not make that clear?"

"You made that very, very clear but in no way will I be able to fulfill that want."

"I don't want this. I want out"

Alistair sighed. He didn't know what to say, but the words that came out of his mouth shocked him to the very core and sent both of his sides into fury.

"I'll let you out"

"W...what?"

"I'll let you out, on one condition that is"

"And what condition is that?"

"Follow me and I'll tell you, this cave is too depressing for me"

Without another word, Alistair turned and started walking away. He never did check to see if Elijah was following, nor did he sensitize his hearing to search for following footsteps. He knew Eli was right behind him, he would be a fool not to be after being offered freedom.

Alistair sighed.

In that same moment he also knew he was a fool to have offered it.