 It had been a few days since he had his wonderful way with me. I kept dreaming about the experience and the dream always ended before I wanted it too. In the dream, I would cum, he would unzip his pants, and then I would wake up. I would go to the shower and jerk myself off every morning, reliving that night in my head as I did. Then, around mid-day, I would carry out round two on myself, again, thinking of that night. I was in a constant state of arousal on a daily basis. I needed more.

It dawned on me that I had never seen his cock, nor had I ever wanted to until now. He had given me such an amazing experience that I wanted to return the favor. So, I made the proper arrangements once more.

It was still February and still cold as hell. We hadn't hung out since the first time he made me cum, but when I came over about a week later right around midnight, I could read his intentions immediately when I saw him. Not wanting to seem too easy or eager to be his play thing, even though that's exactly what I wanted, I played shy. I made him wait.

We went to the gas station and got some booze, cigarettes and made small talk. Then, we were back at his house drinking. We were almost through the bottle of Sailor Jerry we had bought, and we were both feeling rather tipsy. That's when the smile spread across his face as he asked the all too familiar question of whether or not I would like a massage. Of course I did. I wanted more.

We went to his room once more, and the towel was laid on the floor already, seeing as how he had already known that this was exactly where we were going to be ending up. I laid down on my stomach again, but as he sat next to me, he immediately flipped me over and began rubbing my cock through my sweatpants. 

I had already been somewhat hard, but was fully erect and aching for more within seconds. His hands moved too quickly for me to keep up this time. Before I knew it, my pants were down, my cock was lubed, his hand was massaging and carressing up and down my shaft while his other hand began pushing a finger into my ass. Then two. Then three.

I was biting a pillow on this floor once more. It was crazy how he just made me fall apart completely. Within 5 minutes, he had me naked, hard, and bucking my hips with the movements of both of his hands on and in my body. I had never had anything up my ass until he fingered me the last time, and now he was pushing my limits, but to both his and my surprise, I was quite more accomodating than what would be expected.

His three fingers were, at first, a tight squeeze. But soon my muscles relaxed and he was finger fucking my ass and pushing me into a world of ecstasy. His hand on my cock moved slower than ever, but the pressure and massaging technique he used made it's presence definitely noticable to say the least. The sensations he could make me feel with just one hand slowly jerking me off were incredible. 

I kept periodically looking at his bedside clock, making sure I didn't let him make me cum sooner than last time. It was hard to do. I wanted this to last for as long as I could. My mind was in a fog though and it was hard to focus on anything other than both his hands, using my body how they pleased. My back was arching of it's own accord, my hips thrusted with his fingers fucking my ass. I had once again lost complete control of the situation.

I kept forcing myself not to cum, and finally decided on how to keep my mind off of what he was doing to me. The solution was simple. He was sitting on his knees by my side, working his magic, so I just reached over and started rubbing his throbbing hard cock through his pants. His breathing changed immediately, becoming more harsh, and quicker. I smiled slyly and bit my lip, looking up at him while I rubbed his shaft through his jeans.

I finally managed to get his pants unbuttoned and unzipped and his cock came right out. It was massive. At least 8 inches long and so thick that my hand barely fit around it. I grabbed the ky and soaked his cock with it and began working my own style of magic on him. He started moaning as my hand worked slowly and methodically on him. His movements on me became quicker. His fingers sliding in and out of my ass harder, and his hand jerking my cock just a little quicker.

Again, I could feel myself getting close. He was much more skilled at making a man cum than I was, but I wasn't going to give up. He was going to cum first, and to make sure of this, I had to take control. Just as I was about to make my move, his hand started jerking me off as fast as he could, and a moan escaped my lips. He then went back to the slow pace he had been keeping and my orgasm backed off, for now at least.

I managed to get his fingers out of my ass, and began propping myself up to get into a position to carry out my plan. We sat there looking at one another while we stroked each other, breathing heavily and thrusting our hips into the others hand. Finally, the moment was right for me to make my move, and I did without hesitation.

I grabbed his wrist and stopped his hand from stroking my cock any longer, I gave him a sly, hopefully seductive look as I bit my lip and stroked his cock. His eyes closed as he leaned back to enjoy the feeling of his little plaything stroking his cock. That's what I had become. His plaything. He knew it, I knew it, but we never said it. While his eyes were closed for that span of just a few seconds, I replaced my hand on his cock with my mouth.

I could tell that he hadn't expected this. As soon as my lips touched the tip of his cock, he jerked, as if to get away, like he wasn't sure if I was ready for this, but I was. As he pulled his hips back to remove his cock from my mouth, I pulled them back to me and slid his cock all the way down my throat. I had never sucked a cock before, but I took all 8 inches without a problem. A born natural I guess

My head bobbed up and down in his lap, sucking and licking his massive rod. He was throbbing hard and I loved it. I sucked faster, and faster, massaging his balls as I did. I would suck on the tip and swirl my tongue around it while my hand moved up and down his shaft. I continued to service him for quite some time until he told me to stop because he was about to cum and he didn't want to. I stopped, and smiled at him. His expression was priceless. Just a week earlier, I was a virgin to this. Now, here I was sucking his cock, and not only sucking his cock, but "sucking it like a pro" as he like to put it. 

He pushed me back on the floor, a reminder of who was in charge, and began stroking me again, returning his fingers to my ass. The haze of euphoria and pleasure over took me once more, and no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't bring myself to take control again. I wanted to, but his insistent hands wouldn't allow that to happen. They kept moving in ways that brought more and more pleasure to me. I was in a haze. I stared blankly at the ceiling while he worked on my cock and I stroked his. 

Before I knew it, an hour had passed and we were still working away on each other, although neither of us were tired. My cock ached from wanting to cum but his hands wouldn't move to allow it. They kept their slow, steady pace. My hands kept their pace on him. I finally gave into him again.

I started cumming, and it was a lot. More than I think I had ever shot before. Then he started cumming more than I did. My cum was shooting up and onto his hands, and my stomach. His cum was just shooting straight onto my chest. We both moaned with each flow of cum shooting out from our cocks. I felt his cock pulse 7 or 8 times, each time expelling more and more cum onto me. 

After we had both finished, we just laid there. He was leaning against his bed, I was lying almost spread eagle on the floor covered in cum. I took the time to taste his cum which had mixed with my own. I would get an ample amount on my finger and then suck it clean. I did this a few times, and saw that I had made almost no progress in cleaning myself off, as there had been simply too much cum on me in the first place. I cleaned up. We smoked a few more cigarettes. Then I was off. Another amazing night. But there would still be at least a couple more nights of fun to come. I had decided to keep doing this. Niether of us required the other to a commitment, and so it made things easier. Little did I know, we hadn't even gotten to the best parts yet.

End

Please send feedback. I have a pretty good idea about where I'm going next, but I would love some outside thoughts and ideas, and opinions about it. It would be greatly appreciated. Thanks