 At the age of forty-three, I had my first bisexual meeting. In my early days of being bisexual, I only met men to receive head. After three years of one-way oral sex, I had a curiosity about of giving fellatio to man. Once I had a man cum in my mouth, I became addicted to giving oral sex. I now meet men to give them oral pleasures. 

I met Carl online. I would post messages to various Yahoo groups to find strangers to meet for anonymous sex. Carl responded with an x-rated picture of him and stated why he would like to meet me. One reason I agreed to meet Carl, he lived near where I lived, fewer than two miles. In our e-mail exchanges, he expressed extreme pleasure in receiving oral satisfaction, and I boasted that I like giving head without anything in exchange. After several e-mail exchanges, we agreed to meet at Denny's where we could sit, have coffee, checking each other out to decide if we wanted to meet. My sexual needs are to have a man's cum in my mouth; Carl's sexual needs were to receive a blowjob to completion. 

I met Carl at the timed agreed; we shook hands and ordered coffee. We had a pleasant conservation lasting more than an hour. We talked about our work, where we lived, and sports. At the end of our conservation, we started to talk about the subject of our meeting, the giving and receiving oral pleasure. I had an immediate liking for Carl. I liked Carl, his personality being different from other men I have met. He had a soft-spoken voice, which put me at ease. He did not appear in a hurry to meet for a blow and go. This lack of action caused me to believe Carl did not want to me, so I could suck his cock.

Carl worked as a masseuse and had large hands with muscular forearms. Carl had interesting stories to share about giving massages. Some of his male clients wanted extra services such as a "happy ending" at the end of the message. Carl's massage job provided a chance of providing hand job to one, two, or more men a day. 

Carl told me, "With so many naked bodies and with the hand jobs, I give out I come home horny. I want to relax and need someone to suck my cock." He continued, "I have a girlfriend, but we do not spend many nights together. She knows that I am bisexual and does not mind if meet another man."

I responded, "I like to give blow jobs, and you would not have to do anything in return."

Carl finished his coffee and said, "My place is not too far from here, if you would like you can follow me to my apartment." My spirit lifted with the invitation. Carl lived alone; he rented a two-bedroom apartment. One bedroom reserved for sleeping and the second bedroom for his massage business. We entered Carl's apartment that appeared tidy. Walking past the couch, Carl suggested, "Let's go to the bedroom." Carl used this second bedroom to give in-the-house massages. In the bedroom, I noticed a portable folding massage table, a queen-sized bed, and chest of drawers. Carl asked, "Would you like a massage?"

I accepted by saying, "Sure, love to. I am sure you give great massages. A massage would feel so good that would want a massage all the time." I stripped down to my boxers, asking Carl, "Where do you want me?"

Ray nodded toward the massage table saying, "On the table and remove your boxers." I felt a little shy about being naked, but did as directed." 

Carl's hands were like magic, strong and powerful hands moving over my body, touching all pressure points. After fifteen minutes, I felt relaxed. I did not notice, but while Carl gave me a massage, he was undressing. I opened my eyes looking straight at his cock.

Carl said, "Roger lets move over to the bed where we will have more room."

A few minutes later, our naked bodies were lying on the bed. Carl stood almost six feet tall and weighed less than one hundred seventy pounds. His body looked in first-class condition reasoning his job kept him in good condition. My body compared to Carl is not trim and fit. I felt a little self-concise about my body being twenty pounds heavy, but not fat. Carl had an all-over tan with a hairy chest and legs. In comparison to Carl, I am smooth and white from the neck down.

The first thing I noticed, as I lay naked in bed with Carl, his cock. Since I have been a bisexual man, the site of another man's cock fascinates me. The fascination starts when he is still dressed, and I try to predict if he small or large, cut or uncut does his cock have a bend or is it straight? I think about whether he shoots off fast or slow; how much cum he would give me. I had a fantasy about a man's cum in my mouth and swallowing.

When talking with Carl, he is type of man whom you would feel comfortable with whether you were sitting on the couch watching football or like now, lying in bed, two men naked.

Whispering that he had a large cock, teasing him by rubbing around his partly hard erection, I continued to play, teasing his cock. Looking into his eyes, I could tell he wanted me to continue. In a few minutes, Carl's cock stood erect. I started to lick his shaft while cupping his balls in my one hand and with my other hand, and I held his cock moving it across my cheek and lips.

I knew what I like when receiving oral sex and just tried to do the same when I played with Carl's cock. With Carl's cock, I viewed he had a round mushroom shaped head colored a wonderful shade of pink. I put the head of Carl's the cock in a warm wet mouth hoping that Carl would not come right away.

Next, I like to lick Carl's frenulum (that cute little flap on the underside of his gland; it is similar to the floppy object under your tongue, only smaller). I enjoy flicking my tongue along the shaft then toward this; Spots at the tip were I hope I would find Carl's tickle spot. I move my mouth to Carl's balls, licking and sucking them. Carl moved his legs allowing access to his perineum, the area between his balls and the anus hole. Carl has showered, so I run my tongue back and forth, finding his second tickle spot. 

I lightly brushed Carl's shaft with my fingertips while I kiss and lick other parts of his body. Carl provided me a jar of coconut oil, which I used to lube his cock. Coconut oil is a solid at room temperature, melts at body temperature, and is a natural healthily food. It has no taste, unlike the most commercial lubes that taste medical. Oil is important when giving oral sex because the skin on the shaft of the penis is thin and sensitive to chafing.

I kissed and licked Carl's cock shaft. I circled his cock head with the tip of my tongue, tickling the frenulum with my tongue. I remove my mouth from Carl's cock and move to his balls where I suck, kiss and lick his balls, his hole and his perineum, everything. When I am between Carl's legs, he closes his eyes giving a little moan of pleasure. I did not do this for long. 

I took one of Carl's nuts in my mouth and sucking gently on it. Stimulated, Carl responds to the warmth of my mouth by saying, "Oh yeah, that feels good. Suck my nut."

His cock looked bigger than other men I have met so I had to hold his cock with both hands as I began licking the head of his cock lightly. Trying to look professional I commented, "You have too many cocks to get in my mouth, thick and long." I want to make him feel powerful and confident. I am relaxing him with the encouraging words, and by the sound of my voice.

I tried to stay in control building his confidence and wanting him to fuck my mouth. I finished teasing him and eager to take on his full erection in my mouth. My mouth started sliding over the head of his penis and letting his cock slip between my lips. Beginning with small unpredictable movements on his gland, I made sure my lips were covering my teeth so not felt. Gradually, I began moving my head back and forth more vigorously.

My lips slid on his erect shaft, my tongue moving around as much as possible, massaging Carl's cock. I tickled his shaft with my tongue while his cock went, deep down, in my mouth. Next, I twirled the head of Carl's cock around with my lips and tongue. Obviously, the motion of the tongue caused increasing Carl's pleasure. Carl gasps, "Wow you are good. You sure can suck a cock."

I knelt next to Carl, with a mouth full of cock. I replied with a nod of my head. I used various techniques on Carl's cock, changing them to keep Carl from cumming. My mind thinking Ray would blow his load, in my mouth, on my face, or on my naked body. I put one hand around the bottom of his shaft. I slowly brought my lips over his erect cock head taking him all deep into my mouth. My mouth felt to Carl liked a warm wet pussy. Carl watched me give him oral sex. As Carl watched me, the visual stimulation is powerful.

I wrapped my hand around the base of Carl's cock acting as an extension of my mouth. This action kept me from gagging on Carl's cock when deep in my mouth. My hand and mouth worked together to put tension on the top of Carl's cock. I gently pushed my tongue down Carl's pee hole. As I let Carl's cock out of my mouth, I let the head of his cock slide from the roof of my mouth, producing more pleasure. 

I could feel Carl's climax starting; I felt his cock getting harder as Carl arched his back. Carl softly said, "I about to cum. Where do you want me to shoot?" Carl gave me advance notice that he indented to shoot. 

Like all cocksuckers, I like the taste of a man's semen and I love to swallow. All I could utter, "Carl cum in my mouth." 

I decided I wanted Carl's cum in my mouth, and I wanted to swallow his cum. I knew that a man's semen is healthy and safe to take in. I wanted to swallow Carl's cum because I am submissive and by swallowing, Carl would know that I have accepted his dominance over my actions. Holding my breath, with Carl's cock far down my throat, I wait for him to shoot. He did not shoot. I moved my head back to enable me to breathe. Once more, moving down I go all the way on him again. I did several times until he starts to climax. Firmly, I locked-in my hungry embrace of my throat on Carl's cock as he shoots. I flexed and contracted my throat muscles to simulate a throbbing wet pussy. I knew Carl's cock looked ready to erupt, causing me to caress his balls aggressively. I received that feeling in my throat, of the throbbing burst of energy, the dam breaks and Carl's glorious cum flood my throat to my gut. Carl's cock dribbled his cum out of his pee hole and filled my mouth. Carl's cum does not been immediate taste, where he came, it was deep in my mouth, and there are no taste's buds.

I moved Carl's cock to the center of my mouth as I continued to massage his cock in my mouth and tongue. The rest of his climax shoots cum in my mouth. Swishing his warm man cream around in my mouth, it spreads all over his cock. I keep sucking him, taking all of his cum until his erection starts to go soft. I then lick his cock clean of all his cum, ending by giving his cock a big thank you kiss on the head.

For a longtime, Carl and I rested on the bed. We dressed and Carl offered me something to drink, coffee, coke a beer. I selected a beer. We sat on the couch and acted like two normal straight men. He did not mention of what we had done in the bedroom. Carl had a way of separating our bisexual activities with his straight acting activities. When Carl and I would meet, we acted as if we were two ordinary straight males. When Carl started to rub his cock or gave me an order like, "Get your hot mouth over here," did I turned into this submissive cock sucker.

I finished the beer, shook hands with Carl, and I returned home. I sent Carl a thank you for meeting and told him I had a great time.