 Author's note~~I would really appreciate any and all feedback with this story. I'm trying to improve my erotic writing with this longer story so let me know what you think! p.s. this is complete fantasy.

*

"It's cold out tonight." I think, as I walk the half mile from where the the taxi dropped me off to the poorly lit and very well hidden small park near your house. As instructed, I've removed all the hair from my body just before leaving to come here this evening, and have worn only a pair of tear away running pants, flip flops, and a zippered hooded sweatshirt. In the pocket of my sweatshirt I have a blindfold, my cock ring, my handcuffs and an email printout. 

Since I've taken a taxi there is no indication that I was even at this park. I paid in cash and I haven't told anyone my whereabouts since yesterday shortly before you emailed me the pictures you had taken last week, some showing my bright red face, drooling my spit and your cum all over myself, others of me bound in your bathroom covered in my own piss, my Viagra induces erection throbbing and rock hard in the tight cock ring, making it look like I was enjoying what was happening to me. Even though I had, in a perverse way enjoyed losing complete control to an older man, looking at those pictures horrified me. If anyone were to see them my life would be completely ruined. I didn't have many close friends, my parents would disown me, and I would surely be fired from my job. Along with the pictures in the email there was a message:

"These are some of the less incriminating images I have of you now, evidence of our time together last week. It is all stored in a zip-drive that I have in a safe and hidden place in my house. I will give you all the evidence proving that any of this occurred, but in order for me to give it to you several things need to happen. Below are the requirements for getting your life back. I expect you to print, sign and date this email and have it in your pocket when you arrive."

#1. I will take a taxi to the entrance of the condo complex tomorrow night, 3/8/2011 at 10pm.

#2. Instead of coming to your door I will walk a half mile down the street to the small park.

#3. When I get to the park, I will stand behind the large tree in the back corner of the park. 

#4. I will tie a blindfold tightly around my head. 

#5. I will attach my arms together behind my back tightly with handcuffs.

#6. I will kneel down and wait. 

#7. From then on I am yours to do with what you please.

#8. I will submit totally to you, I will do anything that you ask of me.

#9. I will not question or complain about anything you ask from me.

So here I was, walking to the back corner of the park while taking the handcuffs out of my pocket. I was so scared, but I figured that after what I had been through last week, I could handle that kind of stuff one more time if it meant getting a hold of the info this man was using to blackmail me with. 

I stood behind the tree in the forest-like park and put on the blindfold although it was so dark it made little difference. I pulled my arms out of the sleeves of my sweatshirt so it was only draped over my shoulders. I attached the handcuffs to one wrist, then reached behind myself and attached the other wrist. With that I kneeled down and nervously began to wonder how this was going to turn out. Within seconds I heard someone approaching, walking towards me from further back in the darkness of the park. I felt a hand on the back of my head, forcefully pushing my face towards the ground. I felt the man's other hand rifling through my pockets. He pulled out the cock ring along with the email.

I could hear him open the folded paper, pause, then fold it back up and push it in his pocket. With that, he put both hands tightly around my neck and lifted me up off my feet, holding me off the ground and choking me. Setting me down he attached a very tight collar with a leash to my neck. He then put a large brass ring in my mouth that forced my jaw and mouth open as wide as they would go and prevented me from talking besides moans and noises. There were leather straps attached to the ring that he belted firmly behind my head, holding the ring tightly in place. 

He pulled down my pants and pulled my soft balls and hairless cock through the cock ring. With that he yanked up my pants and grabbed me by the handcuffs. Leaning in he said, "I've had a night vision camera trained on you since the moment you entered the park. I was told you take instruction rather well."

This was not the voice of the man who had used me last week! 

This man's voice was deeper, more gruff, and sounded like it came from a very large man. With that he was off, pulling me by the leash towards the street. I was afraid of being like this in public, but I heard a car pull up as we neared the road. I felt myself being led off the curb, and then I felt arms on me, lifting me off my feet and throwing me into what felt like a cage in the back of an SUV. To say I was scared at this point would be an understatement. 

After about a 20 minute drive the car stopped. I had absolutely no idea where I was, the blindfold and all the turns making it impossible for me to figure out my location. I could feel the cold air as the trunk of the SUV opened and I was pulled out of the cage by two sets of hands. One set must have belonged to the man who collared me, and the other set must be the driver's. By pulling firmly on the leash attached to my neck, I was led away from the truck and through a door. I immediately felt the heat, it must have been 90 degrees inside the room. As I heard the door close behind me I felt my sweatshirt being removed from my body, exposing my hairless chest. I had taken my arms out of the sleeves before handcuffing myself so the sweatshirt was simply unzipped and removed from my shoulders. 

I felt one set of hands reaching down into the back of my pants and another set of hands reaching down into of the front of my pants. I felt the hands in back pulling roughly on my small round eighteen year old ass cheeks, pulling them apart and probing my completely shaven hole. While my hole was being fondled, The hands in front were tugging tightly on my cock. I felt myself getting hard from the touch, it seemed like my body was betraying me. I was so frightened, and yet I was getting aroused. 

After the two men had explored me to their satisfaction, the remainder of my clothing was removed and one of them grabbed my collar and led me into what I would soon discover was the bathroom. Once inside, I was forced to my knees with my ankles straddling the base of the toilet and my back pressed against the toilet bowl. I could feel rope being tied tightly around my left ankle and then the right. I felt a rough tugging motion as the slipknots around my ankles tightened and my legs were pulled back and around the toilet which caused them to spread wide apart. 

I felt the two men tightly grab each of my arms, and I felt them remove the handcuffs and quickly replace them with slipknot ropes as well. These ropes were tightened back and down, pulling my arms straight out behind me and pulling my head and chest back, which pushed my cock out in front of me and left me absolutely and completely helpless. 

I then heard the flash of a camera.

I wasn't wearing my hood, only a blindfold and I knew it would be very easy to see from these pictures who I was. I was beyond freaked out and had begun crying and trying to whimper through the tight hollow ring gag that was forcing my jaw uncomfortably wide. With this the men pulled the blindfold from my face and I saw them standing in front of me.

They were both wearing ski masks but I could see that one was black and one was white, and both were large. The men were 6 foot 3 or taller, and at least late 40's in age. The black cock in front of me was trimmed but not shaved, a good foot long, and almost as big around as my fairly small teenage wrist. The white man's cock was totally shaved, almost as long, but not as big around. I knew that the black cock would not fit through the ring in my mouth, but the white one might. I began to cry harder and tried to make pleading noises but the men ignored them totally, they seemed to get pleasure from watching me completely terrified, naked and blindfolded while restrained in a bathroom.

As I calmed down, I looked the two men over through my tears. I noticed that they had several things in their hands. The black man had a long jet black realistic dildo in one hand, along with a larger black butt plug, and a bottle of baby oil in the other. The white man had a large bottle of water and his other fist closed. He approached me and opened his hand in front of my eyes. I saw two of the large Viagra, as well as 6 small white pills. Without any hesitance, he held my head steady and rolled the pills into my open mouth. While the black man held my head motionless and plugged my nose, the white man poured the water into my mouth. In the position I was in I had no choice, I swallowed the pills and water until the bottle was empty.

With this the black man approached me and squeezed his bottle which squirted baby oil all over the front of my hairless chest, cock, and legs. He leaned down and rubbed the oil into my skin, pouring more on me and making sure I was completely covered from my neck down. He reached behind me and roughly jammed the nozzle into my ass and squeezed what seemed like half the bottle into my asshole. He yanked the bottle out and told me to keep my ass closed. He then took the butt plug and reached behind me and began to force it up my tight little asshole. There was nothing I could do but cry and struggle against my restraints as this older black man forced the rubber plug inside of me.

Once the butt plug was lodged firmly in my teen ass, he took the rubber dildo and showed it to me. It had an attachment on one end that had straps on it. The black man put the head of the dildo into my mouth and fastened the straps around my head. As he tightened the straps, the dildo forced itself farther into my mouth. I began to gag and drool out the sides of my mouth from the rubber intruder touching the entrance to my throat. 

Without warning, the white man put his hand on the back of the dildo and pushed it steadily deeper into my throat, not paying any attention to my gagging and thrashing against my restraints. He seemed to enjoy watching me involuntarily gag and choke on the dildo, watching and smiling as the tears streamed down the sides of my innocent face. Once the dildo was deeply embedded in my throat, the black man pulled the straps tight and the dildo was secured in place. 

With that, the the black man told me the same thing I was told last week. "Don't you dare pee yourself, we'll be back to check on you shortly." With that, he put headphones on my ears that played loud death metal and stood there watching me almost choke to death on the big fake black cock, smiling while watching me in such discomfort and fear. The men then turned off the lights and closed the door, leaving me in the pitch black to wait for the drugs to take effect, tied naked and helpless with the huge black dildo all the way down my throat continuously gagging me.