 "So, who is he?" the Captain asked, staring down at the stowaway writhing in the couch.

SB had been stunned when he had seen how good looking the man was. The stowaway already had enough going for him in the action department to have looked as ugly as a galvanic warthog. SB would still have been more than satisfied with sexual use rights in return for making the man's trip passenger class comfortable. But writhing in pleasure on the couch he had found a prime human male. Extra prime and all natural.

Captain Prong loosed the couch's webbing and opened up the stowaway's clear compression suit. 

"Hooee," he whistled, admiring the naked body before him, and particularly the hard, thick,10inch erection that had popped out. "So what's he doing here? He ain't some passenger's mindless fuck toy running loose is he?" Prong asked stroking his own plasma enhanced twin cocks to stiffness. 

"No, he's all human. But he's got a block." 

The medic frowned, that was the one thing that wasn't perfect about the stowaway, SB hadn't been able to get any info out of the man's mind. Not even a name.

"So he's a crim. Shit," Prong said, his cocks flagging. "How'd he get in here then? I'll kill security."

"He jumped into the cargo bay just before departure. A ray blast hit the hull just behind him." 

"What?" Prong yelled 

"Hold on Captain, it wasn't an enforcement ray, it was a private one and low power, ship's fine. Then he hopped on the couch just as we red lighted. Knew what to do. He's traveled before. And Captain, he's all natural."

"What?" The captain said, his 2 cocks slipping to hang mode. "That ain't natural. Shit. But hey, some of the passengers will like it." 

Personally the Captain mistrusted any guy whose sexual organs weren't artificially enhanced. 

"But he's been maximized," the medic replied smiling. 

After ten years working on phallic improvement therapy he had finally reached the point where if it weren't natural he didn't want it in any of his orifices, thank you. Nor did he like his own quite nice natural tool in any enhanced ones. He knew what they did with those things - and it made him shiver just thinking about it. 

"Yep he's maximized," SB repeated.

That he liked. Making sure a man or woman, had got the maximum benefit of the genes they'd been born with was 'natural'. Yep a 10 inch (maximized) natural cock was just fine fucking in his arse. And a tight natural arse was just the best fuck.

"I'll just wake him up and take him to my medical center," the medic said, getting business like as he released the couch's mental hold on the stowaway. 

In seconds Glen was open eyed and smiling, already snapped out of the four way fuck he had been enjoying in his mind. A small moan as the pulsing organic tubes slipped out of his slit and his well massaged arse was the only sign he gave that he was just emerging from 18 hours of all ways porno action.

"Hi," he said, smiling up the two men standing beside him, "I'm Glen. Nice to meet you." **

When they had told him he would have to contribute something to the running of the ship in return for staying on board, Glen had smiled his agreement without giving it much thought. It was a long time since he had piloted anything bigger than a pleasure craft, but hey, there weren't many jobs on a ship that the didn't know something about.

"The Phallic explorer prides itself on the quality and sexual experience of its crew Glen, and I reckon you have what it takes opt make a real contribution opt the passengers enjoyment during transit," the Captain droned, as he stroked his left dick.

Glen's mouth dropped, 'This is the Phallic explorer? The all male tour ship that offers its passengers the ultimate erotic holiday?" he asked, suddenly not sure if being part of Belinda's insane schemes to overthrow the government might not have been safer than being where he was now.

"You got it Glen," the Captain replied, smiling broadly at the still reclining stowaway. 

Glen gazed down at the two thick cocks the Captain had flopping about, and wondered what sort of improvements some of the extremely well heeled passengers might have. The Captain reached down and stroked Glen's stiff rod, "Yep. I reckon you will have no trouble paying your way."

'Cough," the medic interrupted, "I have to take him for a full health check, before he goes anywhere near anyone," he said gruffly, "Now follow me Glen, and hurry. I haven't got all day," SB added, leaving the bridge and striding off along the corridor and stepping into a drop shaft.

Glen stepped into the shaft behind the medic, expecting to fall to the bottom. but instead the medic was suspended there and he just slipped slowly down past the man. And the medic placed his hands on Glen, running them over his body as it slowly slid by him.

SB examined and tongued the feet casually as they slid past him, then stroked and kissed the calves, then the thighs, finally slipping his hands and tongue between them. Glen slid to a halt suspended in the drop shaft as the medic's mouth and fingers made contact with his package. The hands explored his scrotum and rolled his balls about gently as the mouth explored his growing erection.

"Is this part of the medical exam?" Glen asked, looking down at the black curly haired head of the medic, now level with his phallus. 

"A preliminary," SB chuckled. "The first stage only Glen. I give a very thorough exam, and there will be many, many more, the Captain insists on a healthy crew."

The medics hands completed a stimulating examination of his testicles before he began to mouth them and Glen groaned. He widened his legs and lifted them slightly in the weightlessness of the drop shaft as the medic's free hand slipped back to his still sensitive rim and the firm fingers explored the so recently occupied passage beyond. 

The medic's vast and intimate experience showed in the effect he was having on Glen. Even after Glen's previous 18 hours of stimulation the medic's mouth and hands already had him quivering and whimpering and gasping.

"Yes, yes, fuck," Glen moaned, as his erection grew to its full length and the action inside his arse had him dripping. "Kiss me, fuck me," he begged. 

The medic let Glen's body drift lower, keeping his hands busy working Glen's cock and balls. Glen's hands were stoking his own nipples and belly and pulling the medics head to him, as the medic kissed and licked and nipped his way up the slowly falling torso.

When they were face to face Glen fell on the medic's mouth and drove his tongue in as he wrapped his legs around the man's hips and positioned his hole over the medic's rigid 8 inch cock. The medic did some fancy hand work and Glen came, his cream dampening his and the medics bellies as they moaned their approval.

The medic took hold of his tool, and as Glen slowly descended onto it rotated it and stroked the head about Glen's well opened passage walls. Glen groaned and slowly released the medic's mouth, running his hands down the man's torso to tangle in his pubic hair before moving back up to his nipples. As the phallus creeping ever higher inside Glen began to hit sensitive territory and he let himself lie back as they slowly continued to descend. 

Glen was almost weightless, getting all the support he needed from having his legs clasped about the medic's hips, and whatever else he needed by having the medic's hard nipples clamped firmly between his thumbs and forefingers. 

The medic yelped at the painful grip, and cried out while running his own hands over Glen's exposed belly and chest, grasping and tugging at the stowaway's fine trail of body hair and hard nipples 

When the medic finally bottomed in him Glen groaned at the fullness and began to pump his hips. SB arched back getting even more depth inside the stowaway's passage as Glen increased his speed and pulled up further and further with each pounding. Soon he had the medics tool plunging up inside him to the hilt, then almost leaving his passage each time he pulled back. The medic clawed at Glens's chest and tugged at his balls and cock as they rubbed against him and his own hips started to match the pumping rhythm of Glen's. 

It was a few weeks since the medic had enjoyed an almost zero G fuck, and a long time since Glen had. He had forgotten how much more pleasure he got when he could relax his whole body and just go completely with the sensation of something thick working inside his channel, whether it was sliding up and down his passage gently or pounding it brutally and when it rotated he yelled out his approval. 

Glen lost concentration and grasped at the medic's arms as he fell back further and further, his head almost falling past his arse as he lifted his legs higher and tried to pull the medic's cock deeper and deeper into him with each driving stroke. His legs lifted up and splayed out behind the medic's back as his torso floated, lightly held only by the medics firm grasp on Glen's hips as he now pumped the moaning and rehardening stowaway's body back and forth, up and down. 

Then SB began to rotate the near weightless body on his tool. He twisted Glen's hips about, first one way, then the other, turning his passage on his tool, grunting and moaning at the firm grip of the channel as it stroked around him. Then he pumped Glens tight passage as he rotated him, and lost control completely as he twisted Glens body brutally around his throbbing pounding pole. 

Glen cried out and writhed with the strange forceful movement of the tool inside him, as it touched every part of the depth it had reached. And just before they landed the medic cried out and arched back, filling Glen's channel with repeated bursts of the cream he had been holding for this moment. Glen felt the heat of it, and moaned loudly with each burst.

SB withdrew his cock with a slurp, as he pulled Glen upright and the stowaway straightened his legs, his feet touching down gently at and bottom of the drop shaft along with the medics as they arrived at the level of the clinic. 

"That wasn't a bad preliminary," Glen said dreamily as he pulled the medic to him for a deep wet kiss. 

"Time now for your official examination," the medic said when the kiss was over. 

And wrapping his hand around Glen's refilling cock he led him through a sliding panel into the small but state of the art clinic.

"Now I am going to have you sit back in this chair Glen," the medic said. 

SB indicated a sloping backed, narrow seated, chair with extensions arching up from each side of the seat, and guided Glen to it, still holding his cock as Glen turned and seated himself. The chair cradled him intimately, pushing his hips forwards, letting his back curl comfortably and giving him an excellent view of the medic's hand holding his dick. When the medic lifted Glen's legs and placed each one up on one of the extensions, the stowaway smiled, knowing that his puckered, cum slicked, hole was now clearly visible to the medic standing before him, and perfectly positioned for another fuck. 

"So do we start the examination now?" Glen asked, ready and willing but wondering if he had the strength. 

"No. No. More preparation Glen, you must know that good preparation always gives a better result," said the medic, smiling lasciviously, leaning in for a kiss, then producing a small steel box and opening it. 

SB extracted a small clear button from the steel box and placed it on one of Glen's nipples, it tickled, no more, then he took out another and placed that on the other nipple. 

"What are those for?" Glen asked, not feeling anything. He had expected them to be clamps of some sort. 

"I have to ensure that you are healthy," the medic replied smiling.

"Oh," said Glen, not sure what bit of his health his nipples showed. 

The medic extracted a long thin sock shaped piece of clear film and slipped it over his patient's cock. "My health again?" Glen asked frowning 

"Of course," replied the medic, "I have to monitor your sexual health Glen, which on this ship means your ability to perform." 

The medic removed another clear tube and moving forward between Glen's thighs ran his fingers up and down the soft inner parts of his patient's thighs, then teased and circled his rim, smiling as he held Glen's eyes with his.

"You obviously enjoy your work SB," Glen responded, quivering a little, and smiling back at the medic who had already given him plenty of enjoyable attention

"With you Glen, I do not think of this as work. Let's say youre examinations will be a wonderful excuse for me and you to share many pleasurable hours of fucking," 

Glen laughed lazily and arched as the medic finally slid the clear soft tube into his anus, and sighed, "Oh,oh." Then, "It's going deeper. Oh yes," he moaned, feeling the soft plasform begin to move up and expand inside him. 

The medic applied more buttons to Glen's chest, his feet, and hands and neck.

"My health still?" Glen asked huskily, now quite aroused and curious about what was happening. "And how do those tell you about my healthy ability to perform?" 

"Oh, you'll find that out very soon" the medic replied, fixing Glen with his eyes again as he stroked his fingers up his inner thigh again, before planting a last button in the middle of it. He stroked the thigh for a little longer seeing Glen filling more from the stimulation.

"Unhm," Glen sighed, liking the feel of the medic's hands on him, as well as the sensation of the tube settling inside him.

"Now relax Glen, I'm going to start measuring your sexual responsiveness to various stimuli," the medic said, leaning forward and kissing Glen full on the mouth and slipping a final unexpected button inside it and onto his tongue

Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm the medic hummed taking out a small remote and pushing the start button. 

Glen felt nothing for a few moments. Then it began. So faintly at first that he wasn't sure anything was happening. His nipples began to ping slightly and he sighed, feeling the stimulus increase till he was crying out and writhing from the pleasure pain of the exquisite torture they were undergoing. Then that stopped and shivers were running up and down Glen's inner thighs, his cock jumped, and his ass spasmed as the shivers became stronger, and again he was crying out and writhing in the chair. When they stopped he fell back sweating and reached for his engorged cock 

"No, not yet Glen," the medic said, pushing his hand away. Glen couldn't help grasping himself, until the medic pulled his hands to the side and clamped them gently down. 

Then Glen felt his feet were being caressed and his cock jumped higher. The unstoppable intimate attentions moved over his body, occasionally introducing him to erotic sensations he had never felt before. He discovered that only a small stimulation of his inner ear had his hips bucking in mindless ecstasy, and his passage had only been stimulated for moments by the insert before he came, overwhelmed by the way his body tingled and throbbed from the attentions it was receiving.

The medic saved the data for future reference, released Glen's hands, and moving between Glen's thighs sunk his fingers into his puckered hole, probing in there and stretching his passage further. Glen pulled him into another deep possessive kiss as the medic stripped the buttons from his chest. When he could SB bent his head to suck and nip at the exposed dark tips as Glen moaned and thrust his chest out and pumped his hole up and down on the probing fingers.

Then the chair was being lowered until Glen's head was level with the medic's own cock and Glen leant forward and swallowed it. He rolled it in his mouth lovingly, tonguing at the soft domed cap, trying to probe the soft slit with his pointed tongue tip, stroking the veins with his tongue, sliding his lips up and down it, rotating it in his mouth . The medic groaned and grabbed Glen's hair and began to pump into his face. Glen opened his throat and took in as much as he could, wrapping his fist about what he couldn't take and sucking deeply on the thick rod.

The medic pulled out to shoot his cum over Glen's muscular chest, giving him back his cock to clean, then bending to lick up his own cum from the stowaways chest.

"Did I pass?" asked Glen, relaxing back as the chair rose again. He was spent at last and drowsy as his hands caressed the medic's chest and belly.

"You reacted well," the medic replied, applying a stimulator to his own cock, so he could fuck Glen himself, one last time before the man fell asleep exhausted. "Your erotic responses are all in the high range. Of course we haven't tested you as a top yet. Or with multiple penetrations. But that can wait." 

"Oh," gasped Glen, wondering if he would survive whatever went with being tested as he fucked, and feeling the medics cock stroking his entrance briefly before it was worked into his ass alongside the plasform tube. "Oh no," he gasped, feeling the fullness of the firm tube and a thick cock stretching him just inside his entrance. 

"Is it too much?" the medic asked, stopping his penetration just inside the rim of the muscle 

"Oh," gasped Glen feeling himself opening. "Oh no. Just hold it. Oh." he gasped again as the medic moved the chair's extensions wider apart and slightly higher, spreading Glen's thighs wider apart and opening his ass wider.

"Yes," sighed Glen, "No don't stop," he croaked, but gasping again as the medic moved in deeper. Then he was taking it, moaning encouragement and arching his body in the chair as he was well plowed one last time, before falling asleep with the medic still stroking up inside him.