 I have a gay friend of mine, Kevin, who is 23 and has never been to Provincetown! And considering that he doesn't live more than 100 miles away, the entire concept must really be unbelievable! But it's true.

Now, I've been thinking of going up myself; but was debating whether-or-not to bring him along. The problem, you see, is that I love him. "Problem?" You ask. Yes, considering I've been with my lover, David, for almost three years.

Kevin and I have had many problems; trying to control the feelings we have for each other and keeping our relationship as only "friends". I'm the one who usually breaks first, being very weakened by the whole situation, and always the one that gets hurt.

Ever since Kevin told me this, I've always wanted to be the first person to bring him there, but I've always put it off. You see, Kevin is very attractive and unattached. For me to bring him there, would run the risk of getting hurt, if he were to meet someone.

Well, on this particular morning, one of my rare days off, I decided to go there with him. It was one of my stronger days and I thought I could deal with anything that might happen.

I called him at around nine, to see if he wanted to go. Needless to say, he did. He asked if I could bring my sleeveless "Union Jack" tee-shirt for him to wear. I was taken a back for a moment. This is from someone who used to work at a clothing store, and has 10 times as many clothes as I! I agreed. He would need an hour to get ready; being one who "primps".

I got ready in about 15 minutes, and packed everything we would need: towels, blanket, a change of clothes, brush, condoms; all the essentials.

I wore a pair of tight, blue shorts and my grey, sleeveless Yes "90125" concert tee-shirt, light blue socks and my low, Nike sneakers.

After finishing my fourth and final cup of coffee, I loaded up the car and was on my way to pick him up.

I stopped for gas first. By the time I got to his house, he was already outside waiting for me (a rarity). He was wearing his acid- washed, Levis cut-offs (with tears in all the right places), and a pair of high, Nike's. He was holding a Newport in one hand and a his brush in the other. I don't think I've ever seen him without that brush.

Kevin McCann is about an inch or two shorter than I; 6'3". He has long black hair; always perfectly in place. Brown eyes and a moustache. His tan is better than mine; seeing that he took the summer off from working.

He climbed over the passenger door and into the car. I drive a maroon, '74 MGB.

"What's up?" he asked with a huge grin.

I broke. I thought I'd be able to do this, but I can't. I thought I'd be strong enough, but I'm not. Don't let it show. Do it.

I gave him my standard, "Not much."

"Did you bring the shirt?" he asked.

"Yeah. It's in the bag behind your seat."

He found it and put it on. It never looked better. I pushed the tape into the player and we were on our way, regardless of my weakness and misgivings.

It took a little less than two hours to get there, which is about normal. All the while I was concerned if the car would make it; being the first long, haul that I took it on since I put it back on the road earlier this year. It performed wonderfully. My prayers certainly didn't hurt.

"Are you ready for this?" I asked, excitedly, as were neared the city limits.

"Yeah." He nodded with approval, a twinkle in his eye.

As we past the "Now Entering Provincetown" sign, I screamed. "HERE IT IS!!" I always did have a flair for the dramatics. Well, it was like taking a sugar-addict to the candy store.

The tour began with a couple of drives down Commercial Street. The first, with his favourite song playing, "Baba O'Riley" by the Who. The second, with mine, "Pour Some Sugar On Me" by Def Leppard. Kevin just gazed from one side of the street to the other; his eyes full of wonder.

"This is Heaven," I said.

"I can see why," he replied.

"You know, Kevin, you should keep your mouth closed. It's very unbecoming," I razzed.

"You, bastard!" He laughed and hit me.

We parked the car in one of the public lots on Bradford Street, and walked back to Commercial, where we began the heavy task of "just browsing".

We spent about two hours, walking up and down and up Commercial Street. We must have looked into every clothing store. Of course, we also made the cursory stops at "Remembrance Of Things Past", "Shop Therapy" and the Army/Navy store.

I did see a shirt that I wanted to buy, but it would have to wait until later; being on a limited budget. If, after the day was over, I had enough money left, I would get it.

I enjoy being with Kevin. Walking around P-Town with a cute guy by your side can make one feel, proud. I don't know if that's the right word to describe the sensation. It's a strange feeling, watching people's heads turn and the whispering to others. He's a great "looker".

I was getting very excited, just watching him walk in front of me. There is a large tear in his shorts (I would not doubt it, one bit, if he put it there himself. He's the kind of person who would.), in the back, giving a wonderful view of one of his naked cheeks. When he wears them, he either has a g-string or nothing else on. I later found out, that there was "nothing else". Needless to say, I did a lot of "lagging behind" that day.

By this time, I was getting very hungry; having not eaten anything today. We stopped at a restaurant (I forget the name. It was utterly forgetable.) and I had a burger and a couple Bloody Mary's. Kevin had a huge breakfast in the morning and resigned himself to a couple bottles of beer, Bud of course. It was nearing three-thirty when we finished, time to go to the Boatslip.

Along the way, I pointed out the "Meat Rack" and Spiritus. I also tried my best to explain the "Tea-Dance" to him, a concept he had never heard of.

The "Tea-Dance" had only a small gathering. Well, it was a Thursday, and late in the season, at that. But it was a good-looking group, none-the-less. We walked around a bit and then sat down on one of the raised areas on the deck and consumed a few beers each.

We pointed out all the cute guys to each other, with comments like: "I'm in love!" "Oh, God, look at him!" "What are you doing tonight?" A couple of guys were sitting outside on their balcony. One got up and was only wearing a towel. I mock yelled "Take it off!!" Kevin laughed. He went back in his room. "No! Come back!! Oh, I'm in love," I lamented

"I wanna stay," I announced to Kevin. He just looked at me and smiled.

I tried my best to talk him into it, but was unsuccessful. He had to be home, besides we didn't have a hell of a lot of money to spend. "Well, I'll stay and you can hitchhike home," I joked. He didn't laugh too hard at that one. But he knew I was only kidding.

I finally resigned myself, with the fact that we were going home today. I guess it didn't really matter. With all, and I do mean ALL, of the gorgeous guys around, there is no one I would have rather been with, than Kevin. Really!

Christ, I wanted him! I was feeling a little buzzed from the alcohol. I leaned back on the deck where we were sitting, ran my hands through my long, blonde hair and muttered "Oh, God!" under my breath.

"What?" he asked.

I sighed, a long sigh. "Nothing," I replied. I looked at him looking at me and smiling.

"What!?"

"Forget it Kevin."

He continued staring at me for a bit, until he realized I was still watching him, so he quickly turned his attention away.

I sat back up, my mind reeling with passion. I glanced at my watch, it was nearing five. "Let's get going," I suggested.

"Why, what time is it?" he asked, rather than to look at his own.

"Five o'clock. Remember, it's a two hour drive home."

"Ok. Let me just finish this beer," he said holding the can up.

"Alright." I continued to look around at all the men. Sighing. Thinking. "Why did I ever get mixed up with this guy? All I've ever gotten from him is a lot of hurt." I looked at him again, and my heart melted. "He IS cute. FUCK! I can't believe this. Oh, God, the pain! Why do I bother?!?"

"STEPHEN!"

"Huh? What?"

Kevin laughed. "I'm finished. Are you ok?"

"No. But let's go anyway."

He gave me one of his "whatever" looks, and we left.

After checking my money supply, I realized that I had enough to buy that tee-shirt, so we walked back down to the store.

"I'll take one of the 'DON'T BE A DICK' shirts," I informed the female clerk. We all laughed. I consulted with Kevin about the size and decided on a medium.

I took my time, and walked very, slowly back to the car. I was getting depressed now. What's the point of going all the way to P- Town, if your not gonna have sex, I mean the two go together.

Kevin could sense the mood change. "What's the matter?"

"Oh, nothing," I replied. I am EXTREMELY shy, if you haven't noticed already. This was very difficult for me; wanting and not being able to ask.

Kevin pressed. "C'mon, Steve. Something's bothering you."

"Yeah. Something is."

"Well, tell me!" he was getting upset, now.

Perhaps he was thinking the same thoughts. Maybe he wanted to have sex, too. Kevin also has a problem asking.

With that in mind, I swallowed my pride and spoke. "I wanna have sex."

Kevin was taken aback, momentarily, from my bluntness. "Yeah?"

"Yeah."

Before I continue, I must mention the fact that Kevin is Irish. That explains his next question:

"With who?" he asked.

I looked at him, dumbfounded, amazed, speechless. With all the faces I was making, he probably thought I was going to vomit. I looked around at all the guys walking past. I shrugged. "Oh... I guess you'll have to do."

Kevin hit me, again. "You PUNK! Whatta ya mean, 'I'll have to do'!?"

I was a bit surprised, at his response. I was prepared for the typical arguments we have when I bring the subject up. It's almost like a game, now. We ask each other only when we have new angles or reasons for or against it. I'm almost always the one FOR, Kevin is usually AGAINST.

"Well, look at all the guys around here! You think I'd rather be with you?!" I continued joking.

He laughed. "You, punk."

I laughed and shook my head. I'm not a punk, honest.

"So where can we go?" he asked.

"Really! I don't know if I can handle this. You ALWAYS put up some kind of fight! This is weird."

He stopped short. "Look, you wanna have sex or what?"

"Yeah. Wanna go to the beach?"

"Oh... I guess it'll have to do," he mocked.

So I hit him, for a change. "C'mon! Let's go!" I quickened my pace, excited now!

We got the car, paid for the parking and drove the short ride to Herring Cove. I explained to Kevin that this was the gay beach.

There were only a handful of cars in the lot. The breeze coming off the water was quite noticeable. We grabbed the blanket and towels and headed into the dunes.

The sand was course and warm. The vegetation, sparse, except for the grass which grew quite tall on some of the dunes. It was behind one of these spots, that we spread the blanket and sat down. We took off our sneakers.

"It's cold," Kevin complained, wiggling his toes.

"I guess, I'll just have to warm you up." I moved closer, and wrapped my arm around him. "Is this any better?" I asked, hugging him tight.

"A little." He kissed me, and put his right leg under my left. He stroked my thigh, softly with his hand.

We kissed, deeply, tongues exploring. I pulled off his shirt and his hair fell sensuously beyond his shoulders. "Lay back," I whispered and he did just that.

I straddled his stomach and leaned over and kissed him again. I ran my hands first, through his hair, around his neck and finally down his chest. I moved down a bit and took one of his nipples into my mouth. I sucked on it gently, ran circles around it and bit gently down. When it became erect, I moved over to the other and proceeded to do the same.

He was squirming by the time I was done. I slid down a little further and ran my tongue around his navel while my hands continued to play with his nipples. I felt his dick straining against his shorts on my chest. He was ready!

I sat up, my knees on either side of his long legs and unbuttoned the top button and unzipped the zipper. When I opened the fly, his semi-hard cock sprang free from it's confines. I slid his shorts down and he lifted each leg slightly off the ground to help in the process. I set them aside and cupped his very large dick in my hard.

Like I said earlier, Kevin is very well-hung. Fully erect, his dick stands perpendicular from it's hairy base about nine inches, perhaps closer to ten. It is thick, but not as wide as my own. The head is small, mushroomy and his balls hang low in it's sack. It is a VERY attractive package!

I gathered some saliva in my mouth and spit it out. It dripped, as on a wire, onto the head of his now engorged member and I quickly ran my hand over the tip to collect it. I began stroking in earnest now and I looked at his face.

His hands were intertwined in each other and were behind his head to cock it up a bit. His eyes were closed and there was a faint smile on his lips. He gasped a breath of air and opened his eyes. We stared into each others soul's and felt the love there.

I put first one knee and then the other between his legs and spread them apart. I bent down and began to lick the sides of his cock, starting at the base and working my way up to the top.

I lifted his legs, bent at the knees and pushed them to his chest. I took first one ball and then the other into my hot mouth and rolled them around with my tongue. I then, took them both and sucked them real good, nibbling ever so lightly once in awhile. 

Kevin let out a moan or two. "Mmmmm.. That feels great. Ahhh.." and he twisted his head first to one side and then the other.

I lowered his legs, reached over, grabbed one of the condoms and tore open the package with my teeth. I pulled it out and spit into it and rolled it comfortably onto his hot cock. It didn't quite fit all the way down, but it was safe.

I proceeded immediately, to engulf it's entire length. I gagged, having not quite worked myself up to taking it all and pulled back. I continued with a slow rhythmic sucking motion, starting at the head and working my way lower and lower until finally, my nose brushed the patch of dark, curly pubic hair at the base.

"God!" he gasped with a sharp inhalation. "Ohhh..."

That's all the encouragement that I needed to hear. I quickened my pace, swirling my tongue all around his stiff cock. He wriggled in ecstasy. He twisted round to get into a 69 position. I lay on my left side to give him access. He quickly pulled my shorts off and grabbed my already rock-hard dick from the stretched, sweaty jock I was wearing.

He tore out another condom and lowered it onto me. When it was tightly in place, he swallowed my thick eight inches with seemingly no effort at all. I had to throw my head back and let out a little cry. This felt TOO good! "Jeez," I sighed.

I turned my head around and his throbbing cock was right in front of me. I parted my lips again and swallowed it. The feeling was incredible as we both worked on each other, oblivious to all our surroundings. We sucked and we licked. We pulled at each other's balls, fondling them in our palms. They began to tighten.

Our breathing began haggered, our hearts were beating double- time. The surge began to well up inside me, heightening my awareness to his needs and I quickened my pace. My mouth dove deeply as I sucked his dick and I felt the same being done to myself. The rhythm was increasing. I felt my load ready to explode when Kevin pulled back and breathed, "NOW!"

I couldn't believe it, he took the words right off my lips. "Me too.." I warned. With a quick, tight stroke, I snapped the rubber off and it shot like an elastic. Kevin did the same. I closed my eyes and heard him moan. I felt his hot, sticky cum shoot onto my chest when I, too, faded out for that split second as I felt my own load pour forth.

I felt the ocean breeze on my naked skin and a shiver went down my spine. The scent of the salt was in the air. I exhaled a very deep breath. I felt him stirring, his hair running over my leg. I opened my eyes and turned to look at him. His eyes sparkled and there was the unmistakable look of satisfaction on his face. He was smiling.

"That was incredible, Stephen."

We sat up and hugged each other, tightly. I kissed him lightly and whispered, "I know. It was." He pulled me even closer and we kissed again. I felt the stickiness on my chest and pulled back.

"Jeez, Kev. You're a mess."

"Me? Look at yourself!"

I did. I was mess too. I grabbed a towel and wiped ourselves clean.

Back at the car, I changed clothes, putting on my black 501s and a long sleeve shirt and leather jacket. Knowing that Kevin was going to be cold on the drive back, I wrapped him up in the blanket.

I started up the car and began our journey home.

Fifteen minutes down Route 6, Kevin's head leaned over onto my shoulder. He was fast asleep.