 This was my second visit to the ABS. My first one had gone off the rails. I got very drunk to get the courage and ended up in the scuzzy part of downtown at "Kitty Cat Video." I stumbled down the dark hallway very wasted and this Asian guy coaxed me into his booth and asked me bum fuck him. 

At 21, this was my first visit to an adult book store and I was in over my head. I followed him into "his," booth (there were no glory holes at this ABS, which is what I wanted) and he blew me for a short minute and then stood up, facing me. Being so drunk, I was an easy target. He began tongue kissing me and suckling on my neck after he fished out my cock and held it like a garden hose. Oddly, he reeked of cheap perfume and he was wearing back panties and stockings which wasn't my scene so to speak. He rubbed the heads of our cocks together while I leaned on his shoulder holding myself steady. We both watched him manipulate the heads of our cocks in unison. It all happened so fast, I just kind of went with it. If I was sober I never would have had the nerve to end up with him naked.

He turned his back to me and put his left leg up on the bench. He held my head from behind and kissed me deep and aggressively. I wanted to spit up, I had never wanted to kiss a man and here I was making out with the guy like we were girlfriend and boyfriend. I felt like the drunk girl at the party even though he smelled like a cheap French whore. I ended being the one that dipped my cock into his brown rose.

As he leaned back on my cock, I did him a solid and gave him a reach around. I clutched his shaved, semi hard cock. He was small but it was the first cock I had ever touched and that's all I had really wanted. Being so drunk, I'm sure I wasn't delicate with him but I recall touching his tiny nut sack and being thrilled I had finally done what I came for.

He angled his ass at me and he managed to clumsily get my cock inside him and I went off. I fucked his ass for about 45 seconds before I filled the condom with my big jism shot. I pulled out and he ripped the rubber off my cock, and, no word of a lie, he sucked my cum out of the plastic sheath. I was grossed out at the time, the condom had just been in his tight, dirty bum chute. I fantasize about that today. I've never had someone do that since.

He stuffed his phone number in my pocket, groping my cock one last time. As soon as I got out of there, I tossed the number and went home feeling guilty and cheap. I had one wicked hangover on Monday morning. I was embarrassed that I only lasted such a short time and I didn't get the leisure of what the ABS and glory holes had to offer. It was almost too intense for what I wanted to experience. 

I was wanting to explore orally and maybe get groped, maybe do some groping and here I had ass fucked some random guy. It felt used. He only wanted my fuck stick and then tossed me aside for the next young buck that he set his eyes on. Having said this, I couldn't stop thinking about the possibilities and the smut. That experience had me jacking off for months, wondering?

Several months later, I mustered up the courage and drove to the store simply called "Adult Video Rental" on a lazy Sunday afternoon. I parked out back and made my entrance through the "backdoor," as one would do at an adult book store.

I didn't waste any time browsing, I got my tokens and entered the area behind the curtain. It reeked like bleach, covering the discarded smell of sex, I imagined. It made it all the more hot and filthy. 

I fumbled around in the darkness. There a were a few men, of all shapes and sizes. Homely looking men, sharply dressed, clean cut, old, young and everything in between. All lurking in the shadows. One of the pervs winked at me, licking his lips and touching his crotch at the same time, he was not my type. Another sized me up and then passed by, I guess I wasn't his type? 

Out of the shadows a husky guy with a burly beard stepped forward, blocking my way behind me. I almost panicked, until I noticed this guy had his cock and out of his zipper and was molesting himself slowly. I had a good long look at his meaty cock, we made eye contact and just like that, he was gone, back into the shadows of the dark hallway.

I found the third booth on the left. I stepped inside and tried to lock the door but the latch was broken, "fuck!" It must have been why it was empty. I wasn't about to go out there again. I closed the door and leaned against it to keep it shut. I was too shy to go back and lurk. It's hilarious now that I think about it. Everyone goes there for the same reason, yet no one talks and there is this weird vibe where no one seems to be there for anything? Except they are, man sex or man head, some givers, some receivers, I was there to be a giver on that day. 

The silence in my booth was deafening and I was afraid to make a sound. It was almost total darkness inside except for the flashes of light coming through the holes on either side of the walls. The holes! That's what I had come for! 

I likely wouldn't have even noticed the holes if it hadn't been for the light flickering from the adjacent booth. I peered into the booth next to me and saw an eye ball staring back at me. I stepped back, I was not expecting to see someone. As I stepped away from the door, it opened, slightly and I decided I'd have to live with the door open a crack.

I placed five dollars' worth of tokens into the slot, each token making a definitive sound as I inserted it and screen popped on. Suddenly, there was an egregiously loud sound from my booth. It was so fucking loud. No more silence. Just porn, the unmistakable sound of loud porn, the soundtrack of people fucking. Screaming and panting and hollering from the TV in my booth.

I had no idea how to turn the volume down so the porn just played, some white trashy slut screaming out a fake orgasm, with the volume on 10. I was so embarrassed, it was obviously my first time, or almost first time but it was no longer a lazy Sunday. I was so tense.

Once I got my bearings on the knobs, I frantically turned the volume down. There were two green arrow buttons, one read up, the other down. As I caught my breath and began to relax a little in the safety of my four walls, I flipped through a dozen channels, most of them gay porno. 

I flipped by tranny porn, straight porn and eventually landed on a MMF scene which I recognized as an old bisexual porn series called "Switch Hitters." I was familiar with this feature film. The light from my screen allowed my eyes to adjust. 

Inside the booth was a small bench with a red vinyl cover that was torn and tattered. A screen of course and a small garbage can full of used white tissues. My shoes stuck to the floor and there was a dollop of cum and sperm droplets near the wall. I found myself enamored with the fresh cum shot, knowing that some anonymous man just blew his wad minutes before I entered. I wondered if it would still be warm. My shoes stuck to the floor again as I made myself more comfortable.

Settling in, I unzipped my pants and my already rock hard cock sprung loose. I had gone commando today, feeling it was appropriate for the situation. 

As the screen lit up the dark booth, two fingers appeared in the hole, delicately dancing along the rim. I wasn't 100% sure what that meant but I figured it must have been some kind of signal. I wasn't up to speed on glory hole etiquette, so I did nothing. 

After a few seconds, the fingers were replaced by a hard cock. I froze, I just stared at it. I didn't know what to do? The first ABS I went to had the viewing booths but nothing like this, no holes. I'd heard of the "glory hole" but never imagine they were a real thing. The cock bobbed for a moment or two and then went straight. I was taken by the brazen move my neighbor had made showing me his meat, without invitation. He had shown me the way to glory. The cock disappeared as fast as it arrived.

I glanced back at the screen as I moved closer to the hole. His manly hand appeared through it into my side. He motioned me towards the hole but I remained a foot away. It was as if there was there was cock magnet on the other side pulling me towards the unknown. I moved just inches from the hole in the wall and the white hand clutched my cock. Like stick shift, he began moving my cock, moving me into gear.

Now that I'm more experienced with man to man lovin', I've learned that I thoroughly relish a man handling my cock. They are more definitive than a women. More purposeful with my fuck stick. Women tend to be delicate with my cock and men tend to grab it, almost demanding I give them my meat. When you get a real pervert groping your cock, there is nothing better. 

I was hard as tree trunk and decided it was now or never and at that moment, I nervously, almost hesitantly pushed my cock, delicately into the center of the dark hole. 

"Oh, sweet fucking glory!"

I never knew why they called it a "glory hole," and I instantly "felt," why they call it glory hole. 

"Glory, glory, fuck me!" 

He slipped his hand through the second hole smaller hole. He slid it into my jeans and began massaging my ass cheeks. He was making me feel tingly. His hand surfed around until he found my ass crack and he went straight for my virgin butt hole. 

"Whoa," and I took a half a step back. "Holy shit!" This guy was aggressive. I needed the wall separating us or he'd have been in my ass trying to 'de-virginize" my tight hole, I have no doubt. I'd return for that another day. He backed off and I stepped forward again.

My cock had found its home. A warm mouth, it engulfed me, like a vacuum only warm like hot apple pie. 

This was better than any cock suck I'd ever had experienced. This cock sucker went to town on my dick. I didn't even have to move. I just stood there with my meat in the hole and enjoyed the mouth pussy. I could feel his scruffy stubble against my soft cock skin as he rubbed me on his face. A new feeling and all the hotter.

I glanced back at the screen, a beefy guy was stuffing his meat into some guy's tight chute while the big titted girl masturbated her pussy, watching them. What a scene!

Over my shoulder I noticed light coming from the hole in the wall behind me. A few seconds later the light went dark and what appeared astonished me. The biggest balls I have ever seen were lifted and set into the hole. 

Holy shit they were massive! They could have had their own bra.

He just rested them through the round cut out. He actually had to maneuver this ball sack through the hole. 

They didn't bounce but they did ripple slightly as he removed his palm. Not to take away from his cock either. It was a meaty sausage dog and It was proportionate to his nuts but his balls were the magnet for my eyes. He just stood there waiting for his cock to be serviced. Shit this was the guy from the hallway.

Unfortunately for him, I was just not a cock sucker, yet. I wasn't comfortable with my bisexuality even though I had ass fucked a random dude my first time. I was interested in horniness, not man sex. I had only briefly touched the set of balls on the Asian guy and I felt like I must at least dabble with this set of beauties. 

There was no name to describe these jewels, but I felt like "mega balls," would have been appropriate.

I figured my eager cock sucker man on the other side would wait for a minute or two. I crouched down and reached out to the heavy set of balls. I held them in my palm. I felt their heaviness, their girth. I stroked his nice looking white cock, which was still flaccid. I massaged his enormous nuts feeling each one individually, playing with them as though this was my new hobby. For a newbie, I was impressed how I handled them. I handled them like a man would.

I held them, so full, so heavy, so delicious. This was fantastic. This guy could have filled the sperm bank for a week I bet.

I was here to dump my load but soon I decided I must enable these marvelous balls to shoot their massive creamy deposit. I was worried I wouldn't be able to swallow it all. There would be so much cream. I was up the challenge and I was suddenly hungry for a protein shot. 

I've learned to enjoy swallowing any size of load and even if some escapes, the warm cum ends up on your lips or chin and it simply prolongs the sexy experience, while you clean up the hot creamy mess.

I massaged his cock with one hand, then the other, alternating between the sponge head and his spectacular balls. I wanted to take these beauties home and use them as a pillows to cat nap on.

As his cock began to grow, I briefly considered sucking it but at that moment, I just wasn't into giving head. Instead, I placed my mouth hole over one of his testicles, engulfing as much of it in my as I could. I let my tongue dance on the round bottom of his balls. His skin was a little wrinkled, as balls are. They were so soft and warm like freshly baked muffins. His pubes were nicely trimmed as I made circles in the wrinkles with my tongue. 

This guy was a big trucker with a massive manly bear chest, big strong arms and he made both men and women his bitch when he decided it was time to fuck. Maybe, someday he'd do that to me?

I cradled the heavy sack, purring and blowing kissing onto his balls. I pressed the bridge of my nose into his flesh and the balls swallowed me up like a blanket, encasing my face. I soaked up his scent. He smelled like a working man, not gross but not freshly showered either.

I rubbed my cheeks along his nut sack and relished the soft skin against mine. I felt like I was doing a commercial for a fabric softener, as I grazed my cheek across his balls. Loving it.

I had the courage to touch the end of his cock with my tongue. I slipped it into the piss crack and tonged it like I was trying to tickle the inside of his slit. Being the "giver," in my booth I almost forgot there was a body attached to the cock and balls that I had been presented. 

He was becoming hard and I let his sausage grow in my hand. In a few seconds he was full length and his impressive member was all mine for handling. I spit in my hand and began fondling his tool, paying special attention to his dicks' head. I clutched his balls, or most of his balls. One hand holding his nuts as I stroked his cock with the other. 

My hand was getting quite a work out and I mouthed his balls between strokes and sure enough he began to spurt. And spurt he did, spewing his creamy goodness onto my thumb and index fingers after the rest of his cum shots blew onto the floor, adding another layer of sticky goo. He didn't spew as much as I had hoped for but I was pleased that I had caused it and now I had the spoils of victory. 

I nursed the dribble on my hand like a cat lapping milk from a saucer. It was so warm and so unmistakably cum tasting. Fuckin delicious. I felt so safe behind the walls of my booth, I could be as pervy as I wanted and anonymously.

From the corner of my eye I noticed my former cock sucker had jammed his eye against the hole and had watched me play with my new toys. The door, which wasn't locked had a lurker now, who was peering through the crack, perving on me as I was perving on my set of balls. Fuck yes, this is what I had come to do! I was being watched. I loved it. I made a real scene of finishing up the cum shot, licking each finger one by one.

I fed the machine more tokens for more porn. Can you really ever have enough porn? Silly question, of course not.

I was so horny, I couldn't fucking stand it, I was flush in the cheeks, as I returned to my cock post and stuck my meat back in the hole, with authority this time. Immediately I was rewarded and back into his mouth my hard cock went. 

"Oh... Fuck yes!"

Nothing beats a mouth pussy. 

Again, I got that warm, all encompassing, feeling on the whole of my 6 inches of meat. The warm embrace of a perv's mouth on my hog. Like a lover, only this lover was geared only to my cock, not me, just my cock. At that moment nothing else mattered. It was simply cock to mouth connection, all that was needed and all that was required. 

He gripped as much of the base as he could. I knew I wasn't going to last long. I was so horny from thinking about visiting the peeps in the first place, so horny from the porno, so horny from the first blow job, so fucking horny from the massive magical balls I had sucked and French kissed, so horny from the perv watching me. 

I was getting my tool polished by what felt like a professional cock sucker. He was making love to my dick head. This fucking guy was turning his mouth in a semi-circle or something, not simply a back and forth motion but side to side. I'd never had head like this. The suction sensation never left for moment while he mouth fucked me. It was as though he was going to suck the cum out of me, even if I didn't shoot it, he was going to take it, one way or another.

Once my sperm started to brew, I glanced back down at the empty hole where the big balls had just been filling the hole. I took a peak back at the screen, a big titted blond was getting ass fucked while the ass fucker dude was getting his own butt hole filled with schlong. So hot.

"Fucking, fucker," I muttered. This is exactly what I had come for.

Through the second hole my cock sucker inserted his hand again and I felt his finger on my ass. He maneuvered his pointer finger to my tight virgin rose bud. He knocked up against it but held back piercing the tiny ring. The pressure was enough to make me begin to buck my hips into the wall. I suddenly wanted to be like the guy in the feature film, filled with meat. I wanted my bum to be used as cum dumpster. I wanted to feel cum leak out of me as I walked bow legged from the bookstore knowing there was jizz inside me, I wanted a man to try to make me pregnant. My desire to be filled, grew at that moment.

As these pervy thoughts raced through my head I couldn't hold out any longer. There was nothing further to be done here. My knees went weak, my ass rippled, almost inverted itself as I spewed like a fire hose into this guy's hungry mouth. My belt buckle banged against the wood wall making a thud loud enough that everyone in the store would hear. I covered my mouth and gasped into my palm, the same palm which only 90 seconds ago had been holding man balls with cummy fingers, holy shit, even hotter, I could still smell his sweaty sack on my hand.

As emptied my balls, I didn't even pump at this point I just stood there releasing my precious baby making seed. I mostly tried to remain standing. I must have dropped a quart of seamen into his gullet. My nectar was going down his throat like a champagne water fall. I thought he might suck my nuts though my cock hole. He didn't stop sucking either, I had to forcibly pull my cock from his mouth. The suction was intense and he begrudgery let go of my hose then pulled his hand from my ass bud.

I dropped to the bench, totally spent, almost dizzy, feeling the cold plastic on my sweaty ass and it reminded me where I was. I quickly zipped up and slipped out the door. I stepped back into he narrow passage and at the end near the curtain, lurking in the darkness was a late 40's man with a goatee, grinning from ear to ear with one hand on his crotch touching himself, admiring me, looking at the prize he'd just taken. 

He licked his lips slowly ensuring I knew he was cleaning up the traces of my cum splurge.

Fuck me, I'd be back for more of this sexiness. 

I'm still working up the courage to find a 3 way of man head in the ABS where I suck cock and get sucked at the same time. I want to cum with a cock in my mouth. I'm not picky with size, so long as it shoots sticky goo. I want to be a perv.