 I'm a gay man who loves to suck cock. Redundant, you might think, but not all gay men love to suck cock. Go figure! But I do, so when I first heard about gloryholes, I thought that sounded great. I could suck a guy's cock, never have to see his face or body, never have to form a relationship of any kind, and in the end I'd get a mouthful of warm, thick cum, no strings attached. And the guy on the other side of the wall would get a great blowjob, and all he would care about is the warm wet mouth sucking his cock and coaxing out a big sticky load. Win win, right?

Trouble is, I kept thinking about the negatives. What about STDs? What if the guy wasn't clean, or had a tiny little dick? What if he was on the other side, hoping to suck a nice hard dick and get a big juicy mouthful? That wasn't the scenario I had in mind.

So, for a long time I resisted the temptation. One time, after I had too much to drink, I did actually go to an adult arcade, get into a gloryhole booth, and give an anonymous blowjob. It was fun, and I was hoping for more than one, but it didn't work out that way, that time. But the thought was still there. Not an obsession, exactly, but an idea I couldn't let go.

What made me change my mind about the negatives is this. I sometimes meet guys through Craigslist who will let me suck their cocks with no reciprocation. Don't ask me why, but that seemed less risky than blowing some stranger at an arcade. 

But the more I thought about it, the more I thought there wasn't much difference at all. Sure, a guy on the internet might tell me he was clean, ddf, all that. But who knew, really? Plus, at a gloryhole I might be able to suck multiple guys, swallow multiple loads, be a total cocksucking cum eating slut, and no one would ever know.

Well, you know where this is leading, don't you? I had a few drinks one night, got properly horned up, and headed out for the local adult bookstore. I wore a tee shirt and gym shorts, no underwear, and sandals. I was planning to get naked, suck as many cocks as possible, swallow a gallon of cum if I could, and I didn't want to mess up any of my better clothes.

When I got to the bookstore, there were several cars in the parking lot, which I took as a good sign. I went in, hung around in the gay video section a bit just to get my bearings, then headed back to the arcade. In our state the machines take real money, so there was no need to buy tokens first. A great feature, in my opinion.

I walked back along the row of booths, checking out which were in use, and where the gloryhole booths were located. I found one that was open, and noticed that the booth next door was also free. There were a few other guys in the hallway, and I think they were watching to see where I would go, but maybe that was just wishful thinking.

Anyway, I went into the booth, locked the door behind me, and put some money into the machine. I wasn't really there to watch videos, but I knew you were expected to keep the machines busy while you were in the booths. I found a video that was somewhat interesting, a white guy getting fucked by several black guys. I took off my clothes, played with myself a little, and sat there thinking, What next?

I heard the door open to the adjoining booth, and I had my answer. The guy next door undressed, found a channel to his taste, got himself hard, then stuck his cock through the hole. Perfect! I ran my hand up and down his shaft, saw some precum ooze out of the tip of his cock, and took it into my mouth. Heaven! I was in heaven, for sure.

I sucked him slowly, trying to keep him going for a little while, but he was in a hurry, it seemed. He got harder, and I could tell he was really close, so I just kept working his cock with my lips and hands, urging him on to his climax. I felt his cock swell up in my mouth, felt it throb between my lips, then he let go and my mouth was filled with thick cream. I swallowed it all, as he pumped more and more into my mouth.

Then he was finished. He pulled his cock out of my mouth, put his clothes back on, and left. I wished I could suck him more, get him to cum in my mouth again, swallow all he could give me.

He left his booth, I heard some conversation in the hallway, than someone new came into the booth next door. I was careful not to look into the booth, careful not to see who was there. I held my mouth near the gloryhole, offering it to my neighbor, sight unseen.

There was a slight pause while he got undressed and found a channel on the video system, then a cock came through the hole. Uncut, nice size, sorta thick, absolutely suckable. I took him in my mouth and sucked him, feeling his cock grow longer and harder. I love that, feeling a cock go from soft or semi to long and hard, all thanks to something I was doing with my lips and tongue.

I sucked him for a long time, or so it seemed, before he was ready to explode. Not complaining, I love to suck a nice hard cock, and it doesn't matter much to me how long it takes for the guy to cum. As long as he does cum, eventually. And when this guy did cum, it was a real gusher. I rarely have trouble swallowing a guy's complete load, but this was the exception that proves the rule. Cum came leaking out of my mouth, down my chin, even onto my chest. Gotta love it!

Then he was finished. He left the booth, said something to a guy waiting outside, and I was ready to go again.

OK, so that gets me to number three. About that time I lost track of who I was blowing, or the details. Cocks just kept coming through the gloryhole and I just kept sucking them. I know I gave at least 5 blowjobs, probably more like 7 or 8. I remember there was one guy, maybe more than one, who wanted to fuck me. And I wasn't ready to go there, but maybe another time.

The last guy I remember was a black guy, pretty hung but not the footlong donkey dick black guys always seem to have in porn. Just a nice 9 inches, uncut, pretty thick, hard as a rock. I took him in my mouth, slid my lips up and down the shaft, loving the feeling of his cock sliding across my lips and down my throat. I tongued and licked his balls, ran my tongue up and down the shaft of his cock, worked my way down to his asshole. I half expected him to stop me, but when he didn't I ran my tongue all around his asshole, then worked it in a little at a time.

Soon his anus was open and my tongue was buried inside. I rimmed his ass for quite a while, until my tongue was working in and out easily, tongue fucking him. I slipped a finger into his ass, and at the same time began sucking him vigorously. That was all it took.

I felt his cock swell up, his anus tightened around my finger, then he began to shoot a huge load into my mouth. I swallowed as fast as I could, and not much got away. My friend let me suck him for another minute or two, then pulled back.

He put his clothes on, whispered "Thanks!" and left. I could have stayed longer, sucked more cocks, swallowed more cum, but that seemed like a good stopping place. I got dressed again and left. There were a few guys hanging out in the hallway, and I felt sorry to leave them hanging, but----.

So. I sucked at least 5 cocks, maybe as many as 7 or 8. I got several mouthfuls of cum, could have taken more, but no complaints. Will I do this again? No doubt! Is it any more, or less, risky than Craigslist? Who knows! All I know is, I will definitely come back and suck as many cocks as I can get my lips around!