 I am still new to the adult bookstore scene but since I have had the chance to suck a cock I have been craving more. The other day I went into one of Atlanta's local stores and was really disappointed when I went to the video booths and there was no one in any of them. I decided to kill a little time and check out the video rentals and see if someone would head back to the booths. I kept browsing the movies hoping to make eye contact with someone.

I waited for about ten minutes and still didn't see anyone headed that direction when I noticed a 50ish white male paying for some videos at the cash register making eye contact with me. I thought maybe he would want to hook up but he paid and left the building. I went back to browsing the shelves when I noticed him come back in the door and head straight to the video booths. I followed behind him and saw the door closing on the next to last booth in the arcade. I made my way down the hall and quickly slipped into the booth, sat down and fed some money into the machine. As I was selecting a movie to watch I looked through the glory hole and saw that he was standing up with his dick out gently stroking himself to an erection.

I was really nervous about this but I knew that I had to try this cock sucking again so I reached up and touched the hole with my finger signaling him to slide his dick to me. He did not waste any time and I immediately reached out and took his hard dick in my hand. My dick is very average in size at 6 inches but his seemed to be huge as he had to have been a good 8 inches long and very thick. I continued to stroke him as I knelt down on my knees and gently took him into my mouth. I sucked him as hard as I could and made my mouth as wet as possible so that I could give him a wet and sloppy blowjob. 

I bobbed my head up and down on him taking as much as I could into my mouth and using my tongue to give him as much pleasure as possible. I was enjoying this as much as him. He began rocking his hips back and forth in a gentle fucking motion. Here I am on my knees in a video booth sucking this huge dick of a total stranger and I know that I was getting as much pleasure as he was. I know that my technique had improved over my first blowjob. After about five minutes of hard sucking he started fucking my mouth with a faster speed as his climax was starting to build. All of a sudden somebody banged on the door and yelled for us to feed more money into the video arcade. He pulled his dick out of the hole and I was afraid that he was leaving but he fumbled for some more bills to feed the machine and I fed more into mine. Once the movies started again he wasted no time in slipping that big dick back through the glory hole and I quickly dropped back down on my knees and took him in my hand and began sucking him again. My mouth was full as I moved up and down his dick. 

Every time I pulled off I swirled my tongue under the head and sucked the head as hard as I could. I could feel his dick getting bigger in my mouth and then shoved his dick hard into my mouth so his head was at the back of my throat and started shooting stream after stream of cum into my mouth. It was more cum than I had expected but I continued to suck as hard as I could and swallowed every drop. As his dick softened I gently cleaned him up with my tongue and he pulled out and I got up and headed out of the booth.

Before I could get out of the arcade area he came out of his booth and told me that was one of the best blowjobs he had ever had in his life. I honestly did not know what to say. He then told me as I was walking away that I had a great looking ass and he wished that we had a place that we could go because he would love to fuck me. I was not ready to take that step yet so I told him maybe next time.

Hopefully one day I will get to feel another mans cock up my ass again.