 My only other sexual contact with another man happened back in 1985 before I got married. Ever since then I have gone through periods where I really wanted to experiment with another man again. I wrote about it several years ago so check it out too if you have a chance.

A couple of months ago I started going into one of the local Atlanta XXX bookstores and watching video in the private booths while I jacked off. One day on about my third visit I noticed that someone was watching me as I jerked through the glory hole. It was quite a turn on as I came quickly while he was watching and then I got up and left for the day. The next time that I went I began my routine and noticed that a finger was gently circling the hole in the wall. I hesitated for a minute and the decided to go for it and stood up and stuck my dick through the hole into a very eager mouth. This guy was good. He worked his tongue all over my dick with a passion that I have never experienced before. It did not take long before I was pumping my self into the wall as he sucked me dry. I quickly cleaned up and left.

The next time that I meant the place was not very crowded at all so I settled in and fed a $5 bill into the machine and started watching a flick. Soon my dick was out of my pants and I was stroking away as I heard someone enter the booth next to me. I did not pay a lot of attention to him, as it appeared that he was feeding the machine to watch a movie as well. As I continued stroking myself I noticed a movement by the glory hole and initially thought it was a finger signaling me for another blowjob. 

Well it was not a finger but the head of this guys dick right at the edge of the hole. All of a sudden he thrust his dick all the way into the hole. I honestly sat there not knowing what to think or do. After a minute he withdrew his dick and I leaned forward and saw that he was stroking it and he suddenly stuck it through the hole again. This time I thought it is now or never. I reached up and took his dick in my hand and started stroking it. It was maybe six or seven inches long and much thicker at the base than at the head and had a big upward curve to it. I really was not planning to do this except in my fantasies but all of a sudden I decided that I wanted to taste this strangers dick. 

While still holding it in my hand I moved closer to it and opened my mouth and let my tongue touch the tip of it. He twitched when he felt this and I swirled my tongue around the head and then took him into my mouth. I started sucking him as best as I know how by working my tongue all around the head of his dick while taking him as deep as I could. I know that my blowjob must have been amateurish but he seemed to be enjoying it because he started pumping his hips to fuck in and out of my mouth. My hand found its way back down to my super hard dick and began stroking faster as he pumped in and out of my mouth faster. Suddenly I came all over the floor of the booth in a powerful orgasm. I could tell by his motions that he was fixing to cum so I quit sucking and started jerking him until he blew a load all over my hand. Once he was finished I cleaned myself up and got up and left without looking back.

About a week later I went back to the bookstore again and settled in to watch the movies. I quickly took notice of the guy in the booth next to me. His pants were unzipped and he was stroking his dick while watching the movie. His hand was hiding his dick and I could not get a view of it at all so I decided to run my finger around the hole and see what would happen. 

After a couple of tries the guy stood up and moved toward the wall with his dick leading the way. He stuck it through the hole and I reached up and took hold of it. It was smaller than my own dick. It couldn't have been more than 5" long but the head was glistening with precum from where he had been stroking himself. I leaned forward and gently touch the tip with my tongue and started swirling my tongue around the head. Then I took him into my mouth and began to bob my mouth up and down while sucking him. I know that he was smaller than a lot of guys but it felt good to me to be able to take his entire dick in my mouth. I know he was enjoying it because he started rocking his hips like he was fucking my face. All of a sudden he pulled out before he came and shot his load on the floor of his booth. He quickly stuffed his member in his jeans and left. I sat back to watch the movie wishing that he would have cum in my mouth. 

About two minutes later I heard someone enter the booth next to me again and lock the door. I leaned up in my seat hoping to get a glance of the guy's dick. The guy had not put any money in the machine and I could not tell anything about him so I just sat back to start watching my video again.

Just as I began stroking my own dick the guy next door fed his dick through the glory hole. It was about eight inches long and apparently belonged to a light skinned black man. It was so inviting that I reached out and wrapped my hand around it and started jerking him off. The head was dripping precum as I worked my hand up and down his beautiful dick. I moved out of my chair and positioned myself on my knees so that I could see eye to eye with this dick. 

While still stroking him with my right hand I took the head of his dick into my mouth and ran my tongue in circles around the head. This guy was getting close so I took as much of him into my mouth as I could without gagging. I was bobbing up and down as fast as I could on his dick. Every time I pulled back off of him I ran my tongue around the head. Then I would plunge back onto him and suck hard on his dick as I pulled off again. I know that I was still a very inexperienced cocksucker but he seemed to be enjoying my effort. He was working his hips in perfect concert to my mouth when I felt him tense up and begin to shoot his thick cum in my mouth. I had never tasted cum before but I swallowed every drop and licked his dick clean until it softened in my mouth. When he finally pulled out he leaned over and said "thanks" before zipping up and leaving. I sat back down in my chair and quickly jerked my dick until I shot my load all over the floor. I zipped up and left wonder what would happen the next time I came back.