 Part Three: Gangbang

"...he was in charge and the dudes there would follow his lead, so I would just enjoy the gangbang of my life. . . ."

The building looked condemned as we climbed a flight of stairs and entered an apartment. It was empty, garbage strew about, mostly fast food remains, no light except a small bulb burning at the end of a long hall. I was told to take off all my clothes --which I did— and my cock was as hard as a rock. In the little room back at the glory hole place, while drinking the Coke, I had taken another Viagra. So with the grass distorting reality, my asshole aching and my mind submerged in lust and abandon, I was ready to go.

We walked down the hall and I heard voices. We went into a room; only a small couch was in the center with all the cushions piled in the middle and around the room stood at least a dozen black men, some with their cocks out and hard, some limp. It was very dark—only a little light from the distant bulb peeped into the room. But as we entered, a few small flashlights were turned on us—a few comments were made but I was in such a state of panic and drug distorted reality I can't recall any of the small talk, but anticipation of sucking and being fucked by this roomful of cock ruled me, so I don't recall anything but what he said. And the gangbang started.

"Bend over that sofa, bitch" he said.

I walked to the couch and climbed on, my ass in the air. I heard the loud rustling of belts and pants being loosened, and a handful of what felt like Crisco was smeared on my butt. 

"Youall know me and this is my property, so no abusing it 'cause that dissess me—understand."

Immediately, I felt his enormous cock split my ass lips and force its way up my rectum, and another cock appeared in front of me, semi-erect, and it brushed my lips. I opened my mouth to take the black cock into my mouth as my body was jolted by the force of the ass-fucking shaft plowing into me from behind. My "ride" had begun.

The cock in my mouth almost gagged me as it fucked my pussy-mouth, but I was getting better at swallowing without gagging and took the entire length into my throat. Soon it erupted, a torrent of boiling cum gushed past my tonsils, and I gulped and swallowed it all, as the cock in my fanny also exploded and flooded my guts. 

The cock in my ass pulled out after dumping its sticky load, and it was replaced by another, and I wiggled my bottom and squeezed this new anal invader with my ass muscles, showing them I could take as much as they could give me. Doing Rush almost automatically at every opportunity.

The slippery cock slid out of my mouth and another appeared, this one already hard, and forced its massive length to the hilt down my throat, spurting cum into me after only one or two thrusts. I sucked and nibbled on it, taking the bulbous, ebony head and sucking the juice from it.

The crowd was active now, grunting and groaning as they marveled at --or reamed my insatiable rear end, or shot their load down my throat, or watched the action. I took several more cocks up my behind and down my throat, milking their cum as I took cocks from both ends. Several came and had me clean their cocks after fucking me, but others gave them a hard time saying it was their turn at my mouth. The grass made me see them as little boys stealing from an abandoned candy store, except these boys had big, hard black cocks.

All of a sudden, I heard the crowd noise die down, my mouth stuffed full of a cock squirting cum down my throat, and, turning to look, I saw a GIGANTIC black cock poised at the entrance to my bottom, ready to slip between my ass cheeks. Its sheer weight made it hang heavily; its massive length bobbing up and down like a balloon in the Thanksgiving Macy's parade. The man that owned it was at least six foot seven, 270 pounds, and the shaft itself was 12" or more long and as thick as my forearm. It was much bigger than that famous porn star.

All eyes and small flashlights were on that monster tool. The man stepped behind me as another opened my bottom, spreading my cheeks to reveal my gaping rectum, sphincter stretched wide. I did 4 big hits of Rush and I felt the huge, blunt, swollen head touch my anus and push. You could hear a pin drop as the crowd strained to see if my asshole could take this immense black cock. 

Pushing back with my ass like I was taking a shit, I felt him push forward, and the gigantic cock head slipped into my rectum as the crowd gasped. Continuing to push back on his prick - I figured if I could take the big head I could take the whole thing - as he pushed forward, this tree trunk of a member slid slowly, inch by inch, up my bottom, its massive bulk splitting my white cheeks. Moaning and groaning in pain and pleasure, I was ignored—all eyes watched the black Leviathan bury itself into my white ass. Eight inches deep, I began fucking my ass on it, slowly forcing it deeper and deeper, nine inches, ten inches . . . to show I was all 'go' I squeezed him hard with my ass, and he made a small sound of surprise and laughed. I took more Rush.

"This white pig gonna do it! He's squeezing my prick!" said the Leviathan's owner.

Now at least eleven inches deep into my rectum, his cock made me feel like I was going to explode, but I wanted it all. Pushing back, I fucked the last inch up my ass and felt all twelve thick black inches buried deep in my bottom. We both held the position for a few seconds, me relishing this hot black horse-size cock filling my ass, he enjoying the heat engulfing his cock as I continued, as best as I could, to squeeze this ass-invading monster with the muscles of my rectum.

Everyone stared at the incredible sight of my cock-filled rear end, at the contrast of black cock and white buns. No one replaced the last cock in my mouth. I was emitting deep guttal sounds of an animal as I felt my ass being totally stretched beyond imagination.

Slowly he withdrew his long, wet prick, pulling my ass back with it. It seemed to take forever. The friction caused by the sliding cock felt wonderful, and I squirmed and squeezed the slippery monster. The cock was out and the crowd gawked at my exposed, gaping hole, and then he rammed his cock back in to the hilt as I gasped and muffled my screams of pain and erotic pleasure.

"Ram 'im again, brother!" came loud taunts from the crowd. "Yeah, again; he likes it." And so he assaulted my ass like it was the door to a crack house being smashed in by the cops. My screams weren't muffled.

"Oh fuck, please stop!" I got out before a large cock was rammed down my throat, stifling my screams, and the Leviathan had an idea of his own.

He began fucking my behind like a piston, withdrawing and fucking all 12" into my bowels, which gurgled in response to the blunt intruder. His rhythm became faster, sliding in and out as I squeezed and milked and almost fainted with animal lust. My muffled screams lost deep down in my throat.

The massive prick seemed to take forever going both in and out, sliding for miles inside of me, then pulling out the same distance, faster and faster, reaming my gaping butt hole, stretching and pulling me . . . my eyes closed, and I felt different salty prick at my lips again, and I opened my mouth blindly and allowed another huge black rod to bury itself to the hilt in my throat as I chocked on the cum splashed in my throat from the last one.

I imagined the sight of my white body being assaulted at both ends by massive black pricks fucking into my ass and mouth, both of my holes being slammed and reamed by black meat as I sucked and squeezed, trying to get them to squirt their gallons of cum into me, their willing receptacle, a total cum slut Pig; and my own cock spurted a load of cum as it was rubbed into the softness of the chair arm by the huge weight pressing me down. 

My rear end bucked and jolted at the invasion of this black, wet, molesting telephone pole which rammed more that a foot deep into my hungry butt hole, withdrew, then slammed up my hole again, his huge balls slapping my thighs and buns as his prick sunk a foot deep again, now pulling out, now a foot deep again; his cock head heading the invasion, squeezing through my anal channel. The cock in my throat slid deep, past my tonsils, to brush wiry pubic hair against my lips before withdrawing, only to fuck deeper still into my mouth. This cock must be at least 11", I thought as it slipped in between my lips to slide over my tongue, past my tonsils, and deep into my throat, its musky pre-cum taste filling my senses.

It was almost impossible to concentrate on one end or another. I was in a trance from the violation to my rear end and the black prick fucking my face, but I felt like this must be heaven. I felt this was my destiny, my life's ambition, and I realized how could I ever have any other kind of sex that would satisfy me like this experience.

Around me the crowd stared at the scene, stroking their engorged cocks, splashing cum onto my nude body. Meanwhile, the man behind me sweated and grunted as his cock now sank full-length, up my butt, then pulled out only to try to shove even further into me. He rode my ass like a cowboy, his cock dipping its length into my gaping rectum. 

Suddenly, his cock planted full-length up my ass, I felt cum gushing into my bowels as he rammed and spurted his cum into my guts. The black prick in my mouth twitched, and it withdrew partway, stopping when just the swollen head filled my mouth, and cum shot down my throat and filled my mouth, leaking out between my lips. Still pulsing and spurting, the cock pushed to the hilt again in my mouth, shooting cum straight down my throat and into my stomach, flowing down to mix with the cum working it's way up my intestines from it's injection into me by the fat black prick in my asshole.

I still lay bent over the couch, butt in the air. Slowly the two cocks withdrew from my mouth and anus. They were at once replaced by new, hard cocks, which promptly pumped their loads into me, banging my face and ass and shooting their cum down my throat and up my bottom. These in turn were replaced by more and more cocks which filled both ends of my body with cum.

Finally, I had no one at either end. I felt totally spent and unable to move.

As I looked about, I saw no one. The place was empty. I lay there totally spent, my asshole so sore it would take a month to heal. Finally, I dressed and walked outside. 

My Master stood there with a cigarette dangling from his mouth. "Let's go. Time to take you to the Metro." 

On the way there, he asked me if I'd like to do it again. My cock stiffened as I handed him a card with my telephone number so we could hook up for another gangbang as soon as possible. 

He has called me numerous times and I have indulged in more and more gangbangs than I can recall, each time with the number of participating black cocks increasing --and I have been joined by a few other Pigs, too.

As a matter of fact, I'm meeting him for one this weekend.

The End