 First of all I guess I will tell you a bit about myself. I am 35 years old and have been married for 13 years. I am about 6'3 and weight around 180. I'm skinny for the most part, but years of Budweiser have made my belly stick out slightly. I have short brown hair and a goatee. So I guess all of that is out of the way.

I have never thought of myself as bi I guess until now. I hope I am like a lot of other guys in the fact that in my years of watching porn I can't say that I didn't enjoy checking out the other guys cocks. I especially like to turn on the slow motion and watch a guys member twitching and shooting a nice big load over some girls face.

I guess I had thought about what it would be like to see that up close and personal many of those times, but I had never acted on it. 

It was when my wife started having some medical issues that prevented her from having sex that I started to think about it more. I had started looking at more and more movies online of cumshots and facials. I even had started going into chat rooms on gay websites and finding out that there were a ton of guys like me out there. 

I was chatting with one particular guy online one day who had informed me that there was a adult video store that wasn't far from me where you could go into a booth and guys would stick their dick through a hole and you could suck them off without ever having to meet them face to face. I kept that idea in mind and even drove past the place a few times, but it was months before I actually got the nerve to go in. 

I parked my car and went inside. I saw a guy standing behind a counter so I handed the guy 5 bucks. He handed me some tokens and told me to keep it lit. I went to the back where there were several guys milling about in the halls. I nervously ducked into a booth and latched the door. My heart was racing at this point. All I really wanted to do was get the heck out of there, but I stayed anyway. I heard a guy enter the booth next to me and then looked down and saw the hole in the wall that the guy online had told me about. I decided to sit down and started putting tokens in the slot as the screen lit up. It was a video of a hot little blonde who was getting triple teamed by some big dicked black guys. 

I then pushed a button that said CHANGE SELECTION and the video changed. There were 2 guys now with no women in sight. One was on his knees in front of the other one sucking his dick. This was my very first experience with gay porn and I have to tell you that my cock got hard in my pants instantly. I then looked through the hole in the wall and saw a guy who was standing up and jerking his hard cock right there for me to see. It was a little bigger then mine but that isn't hard to do since I am only 6 inches myself.

I watched him jerk off for a second before I finally got up the nerve. I did as the guy online had told me and ran my finger around the hole in a circular motion. It only took a second for the hard cock to be poking through my side of the hole. I figured that this was the time to finally get it over with. I reached out and grabbed the hard cock gently. It felt strange having a cock in my hand that wasn't my own. It was rock hard and curved upward. I leaned over and gave the head a lick and felt it twitch in my hand as I tasted the bitter taste of his precum on my tongue. My own cock was throbbing in my pants. 

I reached down with my free hand and rubbed my swollen cock through my jeans and I took him into my mouth. Sliding down on it as far as I could. I figured out right then that I wasn't a very good cocksucker. I could only get half of him into my mouth. I did the best I could though as I made sure to get plenty of saliva on his cock as I started sucking him in and out of my mouth. I jerked the rest of his cock with my hand as I slowly picked up the pace. It was kind of strange to feel something throb in my mouth as I starting working up and down his cock faster and faster. I then realized that I was really enjoying the taste and sensation of having a hard dick in my mouth. It seemed like no time at all before I felt a warm sensation and more of the bitter taste on my tongue. His cock started spasming and I realized that he was cumming in my mouth. I sucked him into my mouth as deep as I could and left him there so that I could enjoy the feeling of his cock pulsing on my tongue as he shot what I found to be a very tasty treat into my mouth. 

I was kind of bummed that it was over as he pulled his cock away from me and back through the hole. I sat there enjoying the taste of his cum in my mouth as I watched him clean his cock off with a napkin and pull his pants up. He then reached his hand through the hole and handed me the rest of his tokens (Something more people should do). I finally swallowed his load as I heard him open his door and leave. I sat there for a couple of minutes and watched the movie as it began to sink in that there was no turning back. I had actually just sucked a guys dick.

I stood up and reached for the doorknob when I heard the sound of the next booth opening again. I still had some of my tokens and also the tokens from the other guy. I sat down and looked through the hole again. This time someone was looking back at me. It was an older guy with a beard who was trying to see what I looked like. He must have approved because I then heard him putting tokens in. I also placed more tokens and looked back through the hole. This time the guy was unzipping his pants and pulling out his limp dick. I figured what the hell and ran my finger around the hole again. His limp old cock came through the hole and I immediately leaned over and took it in my mouth. He tasted different then the last guy and the limp member really felt odd on my tongue. I started working my tongue around it as it began growing quickly.

For some reason, that was a big turn on for me. It felt great to know that I was having enough effect on this guy with my tongue to make his cock hard. His cock was smaller then mine and I guessed it couldn't be more then 5 inches so I took the whole thing in my mouth. He started pulled his cock back a bit and I wondered why he would pull away until I felt him thrust his cock back into my mouth as it hit my throat. I gagged and pulled off of him. I sat there and collected myself as he left his cock in the hole as it pulsed up and down. 

I positioned myself a little differently and took him into my mouth again. I slid down it as far as I could and he again pulled his cock back and then thrust it forward. I Just stayed there with my mouth opened as wide as I could as he began pulling back and shoving it back in at a steady pace. I unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out and jerked off as this old stranger was face fucking me hard. He rammed his cock in deep and left it there as he began shooting a huge load into my throat. There was no way I could swallow it all as it began filling my mouth and I felt his cum dripping down my chin through my goatee. This drove me over the edge as I jerked my cock and shot a pretty impressive load of my own onto the floor. He pulled his cock back and quickly zipped up and left. There I was with cum running down my face and my spent cock in my hand. I couldn't have been happier. 

I did my best to clean up and look presentable before I opened the door. I walked out of the building without looking anyone in the face. As I drove away I couldn't believe it. I had just sucked 2 cocks to completion. I guess I was officially a bi guy now. What might the next step be?