 Last Friday afternoon, I was feeling particularly horny and I knew only one thing would do: cocks. 

So with a raging hardon in my pants, I headed for the nearby adult bookstore that I knew had gloryholes. I don't know what it is about sex through a gloryhole that's such a turn-on for me. 

I guess it's the anonymity and the freedom it allows you. There's no expectations, no false bravado or machismo, and no need to try to impress anyone. 

All you have to do is signal your desire to suck or be sucked. If the person in the next booth doesn't want you, it's not a big deal. You just move on and wait for the next guy to come along.

I usually don't have much trouble attracting guys. My only real trouble is what to do about all the ones I'm not attracted to. I stand 5'10" tall, with a lean muscular body, fine blonde hair, broad chest and shoulders, nicely developed muscles, and a smooth cock. 

I'm what most gay men go nuts over, if I do say so myself. So here I was in the bookstore, just as I get in the door and even before I get my tokens for the video booths I've got men eyeballing my package.

I head for the back and survey the cruisers. 

There's maybe about 10 - 12 guys there; all ages and types. There's no really strong standouts at first, though. I prefer really masculine guys like me; strong and plain, and wanting only one thing- sex.

So I select a booth located in the middle of the row. It's not too big, only about enough room for one comfortably. I hoped I wouldn't drop any tokens, though, because there was barely enough room to bend over. 

On each side of me, though, was a gloryhole cut into the wood. They were just about waist height, nicely hollowed out so that there wouldn't be any splinters or scrapes. 

Just as soon as I dropped my first token and selected a movie with two guys fucking another, I notice an eye through the gloryhole to my left. 

It's quickly replaced by a semi-hard cock. It's a white man's cock, about average size of 7" I guess. I like a nice big piece of meat, bigger than mine at least, but 7" is none too small, so I went for it. 

I grabbed it and gave it a good yank before stroking it to full hardness. As soon as it was fully rigid, I kneeled down and put my lips around it's flared head. It tasted fresh and clean, hot and sweet in my mouth. I sucked like that thing was going to pump out liquid gold. It must have been the best blowjob that guy had ever had, because he was shooting his load withing minutes. As soon as I'd drained him dry and swallowed all he had to give, he pulled out and zipped up. So much for long goodbyes...

I wasn't through by a damn sight, though. One cock is hardly enough for me when I get in the mood I was in that day. You could line me up 10 guys in a row and I'd still be hungry for more dick. Call me a slut (please). 

I didn't have to wait long for another hot cock to come to me. I guess the guy on the right had watched us, because as soon as I turned around to the right I was met at eye level with a huge black piece of man-meat. 

It was glorious, probably the nicest cock I'd ever seen or will ever see. It was maybe 10" long, very thick, and nicely shaped with no visible hair on it. 

I wasted no time in sucking it into my hot mouth. I was rewarded by hearing a loud moan from my neighbor. He began to buck his magnificent cock in and out of my mouth almost immediately. 

I wasn't going to let him off that easy, though. I wanted this cock to last a while, so I backed off and grabbed him round the base, slowing down the pace of the action to suit me.

He seemed to get the idea and relax into a nice, long, slow cocksucking. I alternated between fast and slow, hard suction and light teasing with my tongue for the better part of a half hour. I think he was about ready to just smack it against my face until he came by that point. 

Still, I had other plans for him. I grabbed him again at the base and turned around with my ass up in the air. Slowly, I eased my ass back onto his fantastic black pole, taking it slow in case he decided he didn't want that. 

He surprised me by shoving forward as much as he could, putting an audible strain on the barrier between us. I guess he wanted to fuck me as much as I wanted his big cock in my tight whiteboy ass. 

So I obliged him by opening up as much as I could and, with one rough motion, impaled myself onto his massive tool all the way to the hilt. My ass cheeks were mashed against the wall and his dick was pressed as far up my ass as either of us could manage.

Oh, man! I was in heaven! The combination of pain and blissful pleasure was overwhelming. I almost fell off his cock just from the rush of it. But I held on, bracing myself by placing my arms against the opposite wall. 

Then he really began to work on my ass, pulling out almost all the way and shoving all 10" back in hard as hell. I was barely able to stand up to the assault. 

Then I looked down and noticed another cock!

This one was also dark, but not black. Maybe Latino or Asian. Who cares! I pulled down to eye level with it and swallowed it between my lips into my hot cocksucking mouth. 

I did my best to deep throat all 8" of it with the assault that was going on behind me. I succeeded in getting at least 2/3 of it in, and I started to alternate the timing of my sucking with the barrage on my backside.

Soon I had both in rythm, with the black cock driving me forward onto the cock in my mouth, and then pushing myself even further backwards onto the cock in my ass.

I felt like a piece of white meat between two slices of dark bread (what some people would call an Oreo cookie) and I loved every second of it. 

Soon both of them began to buck wildly. At each end of me there was a wild and frantic pushing in and pulling out until I didn't know which way was up anymore. 

I felt the cock in my ass swell up even bigger, then it sprayed my insides with a coat of hot cum. The black man yelled out, practically screaming, "Fuck yes, ooooooooh yes, baby oh baby, yes, uuuuugghhh AAAHHH".

I thought he's bring the house down with that yell. No chance of his neighbors not hearing him when he had sex!

The cock in my mouth followed close behind, shooting load after load of hot, sweet jizz down my throat. He didn't make nearly as much noise, but he made some rather loud moans and grunts towards the end of his orgasm. 

Me- I was over the edge. 

Have you ever been TOO turned on to cum? I think I was, and no matter what I did, I didn't want to release my load yet, because that would mean that this fantastic ass fucking and cocksucking session was over.

Luckily for me, minutes after those two cocks pulled out of the holes, they were replaced by new ones. 

But there they were, almost as nice as the two that had just left. Both of these were black as night, and each was about identical in length at around 10 and a half inches. 

Was I the fuck-doll of a gang or something? I didn't care. I just squatted down and grabbed onto both of those ebony fuck-sticks. I alternated sucking one off, then the other, until they were both rock solid and wet with saliva. 

I turned around again and slid the cock on my left into my used hole and slurped up the other into my horny slut mouth. I rode both of them until they came, but this time I pulled off and let them shoot their loads all over my face and chest. 

I swear I didn't think that I could do any more, but lo and behold, there were two more cocks right where the others had left! Fuck it!  I'm a slut whore cocksucker! Give it all to me, 'cus I'll take all you got and then some!

Damned if I didn't, too! By the end of that afternoon, I was covered with cum on the outside and filled with it on the inside. And I'll be damned if I didn't get cleaned up and walk outside only to see a group of 12 guys standing around wearing their gang colors and smoking a fat joint. 

They all smiled at me as I came out. I must have had a look of pure shock on my face. They all just laughed and turned back around to enjoy their pot, and it was over.