 My name is Steve and I grew up in a small town of about twenty thousand where everyone pretty much knew everyone. We all went to school from kindergarten through high school together. My best friend my whole life was Jason, we were joined at the hip and during summers we would sometimes spend weeks at a time at each other's houses. We talked about lots of guy things but mostly girls. 

When I turned sixteen I had a growth spurt and was playing sports in school so suddenly the girls at school were paying me lots of attention. My moppy hair and looks were similar to a young Ashton Kutcher. Jason didn't have nearly the luck I did but he lived vicariously through me.

When I lost my virginity he was hanging on my every word at our sleep overs. I felt like a bad friend because every girl he liked I ended up hooking up with but he took it in stride and moved on to different crushes all the time. I finally settled in by my senior year to a serious relationship with Sue. So for our senior year there were three of us always together always hanging out.

Jason and I even worked together at the local lumberyard. We were the only young guys there; the rest of the yard crew was all older than us. Some were veterans and would tell us gnarly stories from overseas. We especially liked the stories of the hookers that they hooked up with. It was a pretty cool place to grow up.

As graduation came and went however my world started to fall apart. Jason and I were both eighteen now and had to make some life decisions. I got accepted to a college out West while my girlfriend got accepted to one in state. Jason didn't even apply to college; he wanted to work up to manager of the lumber yard. 

The pressure of preparing to leave was taking its toll on Sue and I and we argued often until we finally split. I was heartbroken but figured soon I would meet all new women in college but after a month with no sex, college seemed so far away. 

So when Jason and I were on our lunch break - I was working until the end of summer - I complained about the lack of sex and asked Jason how he could go without for so long. I didn't say it to be mean, it was a legit question.

"Who says I'm going without?" he said.

My chocolate milk almost came out my nose. I was shocked.

"I thought you were a virgin still!" I yelled.

He looked around to make sure no one heard me. He quietly told me that he was still a virgin but that he knew a place where you could get a blowjob anytime. After I was finished giving him shit for holding out on me I asked him how long he had been doing it. He explained that it's been four months, since he turned eighteen because that's how old you had to be to go there. I made him promise to take me there after work and he made me promise not to give him crap about it.

I wasn't sure what he meant by that but I agreed. I kept getting hard throughout the day and had to hide it from customers. It was made worse by some of the Moms in the neighborhood would flirt mightily with me when I loaded up their cars. 

After work we got in Jason's crappy car and soon we were driving to the city. Neither of us came from money so we didn't get to the city that often. We usually went to the mall to check out women when we went to the city but not this time. Jason was driving us through a part of the city that we'd often been warned was a bad part of town. I was nervous but my hard on kept telling me to shut up. 

Finally he pulled into a parking lot of a little business with a metal barred door in the front. You couldn't really tell what kind of business it was; I didn't even see a sign. But as soon as we walked in I went wide eyed. It was a full blown porn store. There were magazines along one side and videos and sex toys and clothing along another. 

This was shortly before internet so I had a few Penthouses stashed away but didn't have easy access to porn so this was a dream come true. I excitedly flipped through some magazines and me and Jason picked our favorite girls. I was getting hard right there and I suggested to Jason that I needed that blow job. 

He led me to a corridor in the back I hadn't noticed and we went through a dark red curtain. Behind the curtain was a row of small wooden door booths, about six on each side. Immediately I heard moaning and groaning coming from almost all the booths and saw red light above each. 

Jason explained there were movies inside and I started for the one unoccupied booth but he stopped me and told me to wait. The videos that were playing were lined up on a wall with channel numbers. The video boxes were super-hot and we were deciding which we should watch. I was surprised to see a few were just guys. I mentioned I didn't need to see that and we agreed on a lesbian video.

Finally a booth opened at the end of the corridor and an older guy who could have been my Dad walked out and passed us quickly, red faced. Jason urged me forward and we entered the booth he had just left. This booth was larger than the others but we were closer than I would have liked us to be since I was sporting a hard on under my jeans. Jason didn't seem to mind and he fed some dollars into the TV screen in the booth. 

Immediately a movie came up of a huge cocked guy fucking an enormous pair of tits. Jason started to flip through channels and I told him to go back. He mentioned the lesbian vid and I said I didn't care. The opening scene was very hot so he went back to it. We watched for a brief moment and I adjusted my raging cock in my jeans. 

I told Jason we should get separate booths as I needed to take care of something and didn't want to do it in front of him. That's when Jason said this was a special booth and he needed to show me what to do. 

He unzipped his pants and dropped them to his knees. I was about to yell at him but he said I wouldn't see anything. What I did see under his tight underwear was a cock that was hard and probably about six and a half inches, it filled out the front of his briefs and almost peaked out at the waist band. But he turned away and slipped the front down and pressed against the wall and was suddenly moaning.

There was a large hole there I hadn't noticed. I learned that day it was a glory hole but I had never heard of such a thing. He was going on about how good it was and was moving his hips back and forth. I would have thought I'd be embarrassed but I was too turned on. I went between watching the screen and watching Jason. 

I figured since he couldn't see me I could finally touch myself so I unbuttoned my jeans and reached down and started stroking my hard cock. It was almost too much and I figured I was about ready to explode but suddenly Jason yanked himself away from the wall.

"I'm too close dude, I don't want to get it yet, you go," he said.

He didn't even hide his sloppy wet hard on and I admit I might have stared a bit but then I saw a finger go through the hole and gesture forward. So I stepped up and dropped my jeans and stuck my cock through the hole.

"Holy fuck!" was all I could get out.

I'd had a lot of blow jobs and this was unlike anything I had ever felt. It was so smooth and soft and wet and just felt amazing. I stood still for a moment, just getting used to it and then finally I felt my body moving on its own. I was pressing so hard like I was trying to get through the wall.

I don't think it had even been that long but suddenly I was coming harder than I ever had in my life and what amazed me was the mouth kept going, taking all my cum. My girlfriends had never swallowed before and it felt amazing. My legs were shaking uncontrollably. The mouth moved faster after I came and though I'm usually done after my dick stayed hard.

It felt so good I could hardly stand it. I didn't realize how loud I had been moaning and had forgotten Jason was there. When I finally realized I pulled away from the wall. My cock is about eight inches and thick and it was at full mast. I somewhat covered myself as I turned but apparently not enough.

"I knew you were huge," Jason said and it made me feel good.

I told him I needed a break and it was his turn. He was still hard and put his dick through. He was soon moaning again. Through his groans he asked me not to be mad but it was a guy in the booth. I replied that I had seen the finger and I was so turned on it didn't matter in the moment. I was openly stroking now as I watched the gut with the big cock bang the heck out of the woman on the screen.

Suddenly there was a light knock on the door and I asked Jason what I should do. He said he didn't know- it had never happened before. I pulled up my jeans but didn't button them and then I decided to open the door and peek. It was the guy from the booth from earlier. I instinctively figured he left something behind and I stepped back just enough to let him in.

He quickly closed the door and was almost right on top of me. He reached a hand right down the front of my jeans and grabbed my half hard cock and started firmly stroking it up and down. Being anonymous through the wall was one thing but this was a shock and I was freaked out but he wasn't saying anything just stroking and it felt good so I just went with it.

Jason looked over his shoulder, asked what was going on and I told him. He groaned that it was hot and went to town on the wall. The man on me was starting to breath hard and was murmuring the word "nice" several times. He unbuttoned my shirt with his other hand and then he was kissing on my neck. It was weird feeling stubble but it felt good. Then he started to lick one of my nipples and I thought I'd go crazy, he was really good at what he did.

Jason moaned more and I saw that the guy on me was using one hand to rub around Jason's ass. The guy dropped to his knees and it was getting very cramped but then he took me in his mouth. He took me all the way and held it there for a bit before he coughed and pulled back, then he was giving me an amazing blowjob, even better than the one I just had.

He reached up and put a finger against Jason's ass and suddenly stuck it right in. Jason moaned like crazy and announced matter of factly that the guy had a finger in his ass. Suddenly he was yelling and moaning and I heard him cumming. The guy on the other side of the wall started to choke and I had to wonder how much Jason was shooting, I had never thought about it before. 

Jason pulled out and turned around and the guy went from my cock back to his and back and forth while still finger fucking Jason who seemed to love it. I couldn't hold out anymore and announced I was going to cum. The guy took his mouth off and stroked me until I shot so hard and so far it hit the TV screen. Then he licked me again and quickly left the room.

I could barely stand and I was sore and was suddenly bashful. Jason and I quickly got dressed and got out of there. We hardly said a word on the way home but when he dropped me off I thanked him for that. We kind of didn't talk about it all week. I was planning to go again myself after about a week as I couldn't get it out of my head but then Jason reminded me summer was almost over and we hadn't been camping in a while but that's another story.