 ---Sorry this has taken me so long, folks!! The fact that this story is still unfinished has never been far from my mind. Just to let you know, there's probably one, possibly two more chapters but I'll try to get them out as soon as I can. Also, this Chpt is dedicated to Jul-ri! Thanks for the help man! Also, I quoted your email a bit so I hope you take it for the homage it's meant to be! As always, everyone, enjoy, comment, and vote!!! THANKS!!!---



Gabe jumped out of the car at Kyle's and ran up to the door. Once he pressed the button for the door bell his heart jumped. He was nervous suddenly thinking of the change in their relationship. He prayed he was making the right decision, that he was ready, that he wouldn't get hurt and God forbid he get hurt again. The door swung open and Kyle stood there smiling. 

"Hey."

"Hey."

"Come on in." Kyle stepped back and allowed Gabe to enter. 

The foyer was beautiful with old original wood sanded and stained to compliment the house's authenticity. A Persian runner led the way back into the rest of the house. 

"Let me just put my shoes on and then we can go." Kyle said. "Where are we eating?"

"Darren and Phil suggested Di Luna's. Is that o.k.?"

"Yeah, that's great. I haven't been there yet. Been meaning to try it out but I've always been too busy."

"Great." Gabe said, still trying to relax. "You look really good." 

"Thanks." Kyle smiled again. "You look hot as hell."

"This ol' thing?" Gabe joked. "Thanks. You ready?" 

Gabe asked as Kyle stood, but Kyle just smiled and walked slowly up to him.

"I think there's something I'd like to get out of the way first." He said and moved his head closer to Gabe's as he pulled him into an embrace. "I was going to wait till you made the first move but I haven't stopped thinking about it since you called."

Kyle took Gabe's lips with his own and they lost themselves in the kiss. Gabe slipped his tongue into Kyle's mouth and stroked Kyle's tongue with his own. Neither was sure who moaned first and who answered but when they separated each had a look of satisfaction on their face.

"Wow." Gabe whispered.

"Yeah." Kyle said smugly, though was betrayed by the slight shake in his hands. "Ready?"

"I think so." Gabe whispered to himself as he led the way out to the car. 

"How did you get reservations at Di Luna's? They usually book up pretty quickly."

"Phil knows the owner. He said we'd get in around eight."

"Well, I've never been there so I'm looking forward to it."

"From what I hear this is a night of firsts for you. I was told by a couple of different people that you're not the type to say yes if someone asks you out."

"That has been my m.o."

"So what changed?"

"The right guy asked me." Gabe looked over at Kyle. "How could I say no him?"

Gabe felt a blush warm his face and couldn't help but smile.

"You could have. The guy has been pretty much an asshole lately. He was really confused and hurt."

"I know. But he was honest and sweet and fun and definitely worth waiting for. I probably shouldn't tell you this, but he's the kind of guy I want to settle down with."

"That kind of commitment comes with a lot of risk. Someone could end up getting hurt."

"Yeah, well life comes with that risk. But I think life is what we make it so if we play our cards right, maybe we'll make out with more gained than lost. If the guy I'm thinking of will give me a chance I'm going to show him that I'm worth the risk." Kyle reached over and took Gabe's hand in his. 

"I'm just letting you know, Gabe the waiting is over. Get ready for some hardcore wooing."

Gabe laughed.

"Wooing?! Who says that anymore?" Kyle grinned.

"Don't make fun of Southern Rebel Traditions, Yankee. It just might start the war up again."

"Hardcore wooing. I love it. I look forward to it and many more of your Southern Rebel Traditions. You gonna make me eat grits sometime, aren't you?"

"Oh Jesus no! I would have moved North just to get away from that shit. Runny, slimy pieces of God knows what, swimming in warm water, butter and syrup? Does that sound like something you'd want to eat?"

"No, I guess it doesn't. I've actually never had them." Gabe said through his laughter.

"Trust me, don't ever. There's a lot of good Southern food, but grits is not one of them. People used to look at me funny, more for hating grits than for being gay. They'd whisper, 'there he is. The boy who don't like grits. And he's queer to boot'." Kyle said and upped his southern twang till he sounded like a Hee Haw rerun.

"Stop! I'm gonna crash." Gabe said, trying to control his laughter and keep them on the road.

Kyle chuckled and squeezed Gabe's hand. Gabe pulled into the parking lot of the popular bistro in town and they made their way inside. The young girl took their names and told them that they weren't on her list.

"What?" Gabe asked. "My friend Phil called the owner and asked him personally if he could fit our reservation in."

"Sir, do you know how many people come in and say that? Look, your reservation isn't on the books so there's nothing I can do."

Gabe turned around and walked outside and pulled out his cell phone.

"Hello?"

"Phil? It's Gabe. We're at the restaurant and they said they can't find our reservation."

"Oh shit! Fucking Arnie. He's an ass. Hold on, I'll call him. Don't worry. This'll work out."

Gabe hung up the phone and sighed.

"Everything ok?" Kyle asked.

"Phil's calling Arnie, who's apparently the owner. He says this will all work out."

"Ah. You know we could go some place else."

"No, you wanted to eat here. We should eat here."

"Gabe, it's fine. I just really want to be with you."

Gabe would have answered but an older man was speaking to the young, rude girl who had told them they didn't have reservations. Gabe walked in and stood next to them as he listened to their conversation.

"Is this them?" The older man asked.

"Yes." The rude girl replied.

"Hi, I'm Arnie. You're Gabe, Phil's friend?"

"I am."

"I'm sorry about this but we're booked up. We can get you in around nine thirty."

"Nine thirty?" Gabe asked. 

"Gabe, it's all right. Let's just go someplace else." Kyle suggested.

"But you want to eat here." Gabe argued.

"Gabe! It's fine. Let's go." Kyle looked Gabe in the eyes to make sure his message was finally heard.

"All right." He turned back to Arnie. "We'll stop in another night. Thanks for trying."

"I'm sorry about this Kyle." Gabe said as they walked out.

"Stop apologizing. Let's just find someplace else."

"Where do you want to go?"

"There's a little place I know." 

Gabe was shocked when they pulled up in front of a diner. It was not his idea of somewhere to eat on a first date and he looked at Kyle.

"This is where you want to go?"

"Yeah, they've got great food here. Trust me." 

"Hey Kyle! I haven't seen you in a while." Said the waitress as they walked in.

"How are you Carol? Yeah, I've been working hard. Not like you waitresses." Kyle said with a smirk.

"Wise ass." Carol said with a grin. "Who's this?"

"Carol, this is Gabe. We like him so be on your best behavior."

"Aren't I always?" She said to Kyle. "How are you, honey?"

"I'm fine, thanks." Gabe said. "It's nice to meet you."

"You too. You guys sit anywhere you like."

They chose a booth far away from the few patrons in the restaurant and waited as Carol came over and took their order.

"I'm sorry again, Kyle. I wanted to take you to someplace special."

"This is someplace special. I love this diner and I told you to stop apologizing. I didn't agree to go out with you to get a meal."

"Thanks for being so understanding." 

"You seem nervous."

"Why do you say that?" Gabe asked.

"I guess cause you're sitting there having trouble looking me in the eye and destroying your napkin." Kyle said and pointed to the shredded paper in Gabe's hand. "Why?"

"I don't know. I guess this is different for me, for us."

"It is. But it feels like a good different. I'm kind of excited for us." Kyle smiled.

"Are you?" Gabe couldn't help but smile back.

"Yeah. I think whatever we have will be great." 

"I'm glad you're sure." Gabe said and Kyle chuckled.

"I love going out with a guy who's so optimistic."

"I know. I'm sorry. I'm a little scared."

"Bullshit, you're terrified."

"That too."

"We've got great chemistry, we're already friends and I promise not to hurt you."

"Promising not to hurt me is like promising you're not going to get the flu ever again. You just can't."

"You're right. I'll do everything in my power not to hurt you or get the flu." Kyle grinned and took Gabe's hand in his. "How's that?"

"I guess it'll have to do." Gabe said as Carol placed their food in front of them. 

"So Gabe, what made you call?" Kyle asked and Gabe's smile faltered a little.

"What made me call?" He thought of the truth and wondered if he should tell Kyle. 

Ethan had accepted it pretty well, but even he hadn't truly believed it. Gabe still wasn't sure if he believed it. 

"I guess you could say a friend gave me some advice."

"And that made you call me?"

"Yeah."

"Must have been some friend. Who do I have to thank?"

"God." Gabe said it and blushed, feeling crazy. 

"That's cool." Kyle said, not batting an eye. "I'm not a religious man but I consider myself spiritual."

"Yeah, that'd be about where I am right now."

"You ever hear God talk back?" Kyle asked with a smile in his voice.

"Constantly." Gabe answered honestly.

"You ever talk to him about me?"

"Once or twice."

"Good things, I hope."

"All good things." Gabe smiled and knew that though he had spoken the truth, Kyle had filled in the blanks and come up with a more mundane explanation. 

The food came which they enjoyed and spent a wonderful evening getting to know each other in a way that potential lovers do. But throughout that, they had the basis of friendship to work upon. The waitress finally came out and handed them the check which Gabe paid for despite Kyle's protests. They left the diner and decided to take a walk along the river which was just a few blocks away.

"Why was your day so bad?" Gabe asked as they headed hand in hand down to the river walk.

"Oh geez. It was a doozie. We were really busy for one thing, and then this lady came in screaming about a bill. It was for a tow from the thruway and a tire change. It was only like three hundred bucks and she's jumping up and down. Then my auto part delivery people had a driver out so we didn't get the parts we needed till after noon and I can't do anything with that. That's a whole day gone. Then of course, Terry came in and started his shit and when I told him I didn't have time for him that day, he started screaming and yelling. It was just a real bad day. By the time you called I was pretty pissed off."

"You sounded like it." Gabe agreed. "I almost thought I had the wrong house."

"If it helps, my day is ending a hell of a lot better than it started off."

"I'm glad."

"Gabe, can I ask you a question?"

"Sure."

"You were pretty hung up over your last boyfriend. You want to talk about it?"

"There's not much to say, really." And Gabe was relieved to feel that he honestly meant that. His time with Ethan seemed more like a bump in the road which led him to a better destination. "He was a nice guy who thought he might be gay. I guess I was his guinea pig. I had been alone for a while and when we got together I thought we'd have a relationship. Then his parents made him choose between the company he owned and being gay. He chose the company. He got married the day I moved down here."

"Geez. I'm sorry."

"It's all right. We never got to the boyfriend stage. I guess I just thought that we'd be picking out his and his bath towels and adopting some dogs or something. I was ready for a relationship and then he was gone. When I met you and knew you were interested I got a little scared of getting hurt again."

"And now?" Kyle asked.

"Now? I'm still scared. But I'm more afraid of not seeing what happens between us than I am of getting hurt."

Kyle took Gabe's hand in his and pulled him to a stop. Behind Gabe the river flowed out to the sea and brought a cool breeze over those making their way down the river walk.

"You know what I've learned from my own many heartbreaks?" 

"What's that?"

"Sometimes you have to take a real good look at why you let yourself get into the situation in the first place. After it ends you think, 'what was I thinking? Why did I even go there?'. Sometimes we just want it so bad that we would turn our whole world upside down for it only to realize that it was a learning experience from the git go and we didn't understand it as such at the time."

"No declarations to the greatness of love?" Gabe asked, a little surprised. "No 'get back on the horse that throws you'?"

"That was what I learned from breakups." Kyle said.

"And what have you learned from love?"

"'Abandon fear and move forward in love'. I can't promise you that we'll work out but I think we have a really good chance. Everyone in my life that means anything to me knows I'm gay and either accepts it. And I'm really into you. I think you're the sweetest guy I ever met and sexy as hell. I love when you laugh and really love when I make you laugh. As long as you feel something similar for me I'd say we have a damn good chance of having something great."

"Well let's see," Gabe said smiling, feeling the happiness of Kyle's words fill him. "You own your own company so you're not a dead beat. You're ok to look at and you're not dumb as rocks. We might have a shot."

"Bitch." Kyle said but couldn't help his smirk.

"Kyle, I think you're generous and kind. Smart and also sexy as hell. I love talking to you and knowing that when I talk you listen to me. I get excited when I know you're coming over or calling and I feel disappointed when you're with me. Yeah, I feel something similar for you. So what do we do now?"

Kyle pulled Gabe in and wrapped him in his arms.

"We 'abandon hope and move forward in love'."

"What's that from?"

"I don't know. It's just something I read once. Think you can do it?"

"I will if you will." Gabe said and lifted his head.

"I think I can handle that." Kyle said and lowered his till their lips met. 

Gabe felt a rush of emotion, saw colors and felt that there was no one in the world but them as Kyle kissed him. 'I've come home' was the thought that passed through his mind.

"We should probably stop." Kyle said after a while. "I'd hate to embarrass myself."

"Why would you embarrass yourself?" Gabe asked and Kyle shifted so that Gabe could feel his erection press against his. "Oh."

"Yeah. Oh." Kyle said with a grin. 

"I guess we'd better go then." Gabe added, though didn't want the evening to end.

"It'd be a good idea." Kyle said and noticed that Gabe's attention was else where. 

Kyle followed his gaze and saw a well dressed black woman sitting on a park bench smiling at them. "Do you know her?"

"Yeah. Would you give me a minute?"

"Sure." Kyle said and Gabe made his way over to the bench.

"You look happy." God said as Gabe sat down next to her.

"I am." Gabe said, nervous and confused. "I'm still a little weirded out by this. You're God."

"Yes."

"You're not supposed to be talking to us... mortals."

"I'm God. I'm pretty sure I can do whatever it is that I want."

"I guess you can." Gabe sighed. "Do I have to bow or something? I'm not sure of the rules."

God laughed.

"There are no rules, sweetie."

"Oh my God!" Gabe said suddenly. "I kicked you out of my apartment. I shouted at you!"

"And I forgave you. It's just what I do. We're fine, Gabriel. And you don't have to bow. Just be yourself and we'll get along fine. Now what's on your mind?"

"Are Kyle and I going to make it?"

"That's up to you and him."

"But you know. You know already if we are."

"Yes."

"Please tell me."

"One day, when you're very old, you're going to think back on this moment and thank me for not telling you what you're asking."

"So you're not going to tell me." Gabe asked.

"No."

"I'm going to have to do this on my own?"

"I'll be there to help you."

"Are you there when.... people...."

"Yes."

"Really?" Gabe felt a little ill. "And you watch?"

"I watch all and everything. Sex is not something to be ashamed of. Try not thinking of me when you have it."

"How?"

"Concentrate on the person you're with. I think you'll find that it won't be as hard to do as you think it is." God said and stood. "'Abandon fear', Gabe and 'move forward in love'."

God walked away, leaving Gabe sitting on the bench pondering her words. Kyle walked over and sat next to him.

"Who was that?"

"A friend." He said simply. "Ready to go?"

"Yeah."

They drove back to Kyle's house with their hands linked on Gabe's lap and didn't say a word. It was enough just being with each other. Gabe pulled into the driveway and shut the car off, but made no move to get out.

"Come here." Kyle commanded as he pulled Gabe closer to him. 

They met in the middle and kissed until they were both out of breath.

"I'd like you to come in, Gabe." Gabe looked at the house with a little trepidation. "I had a really nice night and I don't want it to end, but I'm ok if it does. So, I'm going to go inside. If you like you can come with me. If not, I'll talk to you tomorrow." Kyle smiled, gave Gabe a quick kiss and got out of the car. 

He hadn't made it to the front porch when he heard the sound of a car door opening. He stopped and watched as Gabe stood by the car for a moment. Kyle reached out his hand and waited as Gabe came forward to take it. They walked into the house holding hands. Standing in the doorway, Kyle wrapped his arms around Gabe.

"I wasn't sure you'd come in."

"I wasn't sure I would either."

"I'm glad you did."

"I'm glad I did too."

"You want to see the house?"

"Later." Gabe said and leaned in to kiss Kyle's lips.

They made their way awkwardly up the stairs to the master bedroom before Kyle pulled Gabe's shirt over his head and threw it on the floor. Gabe watched Kyle take off his own shirt and moaned softly. The sight of Kyle's muscular chest and stomach made Gabe's breath come quickly and the sight of his erect nipples made Gabe's mouth water. 

"Come here, Kyle." Gabe ordered and felt the bed sink as Kyle moved onto it to lay next to him. 

They met again for a kiss but let their hands play over each other's body. Gabe loved the crinkly feel of Kyle's hair as Kyle was enchanted by the soft curls on Gabe's torso. Kyle moved his hand lower to Gabe's belly and felt him draw in a breath at the sensation. By the time he got to Gabe's groin his sex was tenting his pants into a large bulge. 

"You feel ready for this." Kyle said.

"It's cause I know I can trust you." Gabe answered and Kyle started unbuttoning his pants. 

They both shucked Gabe's pants, exposing his boxers and Kyle placed his hand heavily on Gabe's dick. Gabe moaned and closed his eyes and Kyle's hand moved over him. 

"Take it out." Gabe told Kyle, who did as he asked and soon held Gabe's throbbing cock in his hand.

"I want to taste you, Gabe." Kyle said as he leaned down and took his lover into his mouth. 

Gabe sighed with the satisfaction of a building anticipation. Kyle's tongue was soft on his member and paid attention to the entire surface. Gabe moaned and put his hand on the back of Kyle's head. Kyle's played with the dick until Gabe couldn't stand anymore and pulled Kyle off. They kissed and rubbed their bodies against each other, leaving their hands to explore and to play. 

Gabe slowly licked his way down Kyle's body to reach his large cock. Once there, he took it in his mouth and paid his own attention. Kyle was large and thick and filled Gabe's mouth fully. The smell of him made Gabe sigh and take a deep breath of his scent.
