 A short while after discovering my fondness for cock and experiencing my first taste (please see my earlier story, If At First You Suck Seed...Try Try Again), I eventually grew hungry for more. I'd had countless orgasms remembering the feel of his dick filling up my mouth: his firmness, his warmth, that lovely purple head, the sudden trembling and the bittersweet taste of semen. 

Not wanting to go through more months of continued searching for a suitable partner and running all the entailing risks, I decided instead to try and contact the guy I'd met on the chat line again. He'd previously left me a message online shortly after our first encounter, thanking me for dropping by. That was all the encouragement I needed. I called in, was delighted to find he was online, and immediately messaged him with my phone number. I hung up on the chat line and hoped that my phone would ring, while my cock grew firm in my lap. After just a couple of minutes, it did, and I soon found myself at his apartment again.

This time, he led me into the living room and took a seat on the couch, fondling my rapidly-hardening penis through my khakis. He pulled them down and took me in his mouth in one motion, and proceeded to give me several blissful minutes of incredible head. He used his tongue to tickle the underside of my erection while I stiffened inside him. Wet, soft lips slid up and down my raging manhood, again and again, until finally I could take no more and withdrew. As wonderful as his mouth felt, I wanted to pleasure him as much as he'd pleasured me, and the sooner the better.

I fell to my knees, licking my lips in anticipation of tasting his big, sweet dick again. I unzipped him quickly and he helped me to get his pants and boxers down to his ankles. He was already deliciously hard, and pointed invitingly at my mouth. I took it in my hand, stroking it as I proceeded to kiss and lick the entire length of his shaft as well as his balls and inner thighs. My tongue even ventured south and took a few furtive licks at his butthole. I moaned, telling him how much I'd loved sucking his sexy cock last time and how happy I was to have another chance to taste it. He smiled in response, pushing my mouth toward his pulsing cockhead. 

I opened wide as my lips reached his hole, lapping up a drop of shiny pre-cum. Then I lowered my head and took about five inches of his bulging piece into my mouth in one swift gulp, his juicy head pushing against my gag reflex and demanding entry. I harkened back to the "practice blowjobs" I'd given to my dildos at home, how eventually I learned how to relax my throat and take the whole seven-plus inches. I so badly wanted to do this to him now, to be completely full of his gorgeous cock. 

Opening my lips again, I stared right into his eyes as I relaxed my throat and somehow managed to gobble the rest of his generous length. I closed my lips at the base and moaned, trying so hard not to gag around his giant member, but I lost that battle, and withdrew to about the five-inch mark as I regained my breath. He was loving it and encouraged me to take it again. I did, and held him down there for a good five seconds (yes, I counted!) before moving back toward the top. 

I proceeded to swallow the entirety of his mammoth erection again and again and again, lost in lust until he pulled out of my mouth and asked me to join him on the couch. I got the idea immediately, and lay down next to him in a sixty-nine position. We wasted no time in taking each others' cocks into our mouths. I absolutely loved having a mouthful of his raging hard-on at the same time he was sucking on mine. Not really surprising, considering that this has always been my favorite position with women. His moans felt wonderful on my bulging dick, and the better job I did blowing him, the more he moaned. 

It took very little time for either of us. I sucked and jacked him off to an explosive orgasm shortly after he'd done the same for me, swallowing his load as he shot it toward the back of my throat. A tiny drop of semen escaped my lips and dribbled down his penis, but it hadn't escaped my watchful eye, and I sucked it off him with a loud slurp. With the sticky taste of his spunk still fresh on my tongue, I thanked him, got dressed, and left.

As much as I appreciated him returning the favor, I had realized something else about my bi side. I didn't really care about receiving pleasure; I wanted to give pleasure. I wanted to stuff big, stiff cocks in my mouth, to gag on them as they forced their way down my throat. I wanted to suck their balls and to have my face fucked like a nasty little slut. I wanted to feel their cocks trembling between my lips as they came, and to swallow every sweaty, nasty drop of spunk they shot into me.

So the third time I went over, I attacked him at the door, falling to my knees in the hallway and crawling in. My hands reached for his zipper, and I had his cock in my mouth only moments after the door closed shut behind me. I was so very hungry for him, and that's exactly what I gave him: a hungry blowjob. My saliva flowed freely, coating him from tip to base, which allowed me to swallow him with a speed and a force that I didn't realize I could reach. This time, when he gagged me a little bit, I just took it in stride and even tried to swallow more. I stroked his shaft while I licked and sucked his balls, taking each of them individually, and then somehow both at once, into my gaping mouth. I slapped myself with his cock, smearing his pre-cum all over my cheeks, my lips, even my eyelids. 

Finally, I sat on the floor with my back to the door and drew him in by wrapping both arms around his waist. As his hard-on was once again giving my mouth a much-needed fillup, my hands reached for his and manuevered so that he was holding my hands against the door. Catching on, he held them immobile and proceeded to fuck my face, long and very hard, for a good long time, choking me again and again (and, help me, I was actually getting to enjoy choking on cock!). 

Eventually, as he neared orgasm, he stopped and slowly shoved his glorious penis all the way down my slutty throat in one slow, even stroke, where he then shot the biggest load I'd tasted yet. It gagged me terribly, over and over, as his satisfied hard-on fed shot after shot after yummy shot of gooey jizz way down my gullet. I almost thought I was going suffocate; his quivering dick left no room at all to breathe. I was almost literally drowning in cum and it was wonderful. I jacked off in the car on the way home, shooting sperm all over my pants.

I visited him a couple more times, to which I also alluded in my earlier story. Here's what I left out. He left the door unlocked and the lights out (save for a couple of strategically-placed candles). I let myself in (the second time even joking as I did so, "did anyone here order a blowjob?") to find him naked and hard and waiting on the couch. He was stroking his fully-erect prick as he pointed to the floor, where several couch cushions had been placed between his legs. 

Delighted by his thoughtfulness, I took to my knees on the pillows without delay. I gave him what I thought were two pretty incredible blowjobs, both of which ended with his legs on my shoulders and his hands forcing the back of my head toward the base of his tasty hard-on. That last time, I didn't swallow right away, and after he came, I used my tongue to spread his jizz all over his slowly-softening penis. I pulled it out of my mouth and, moaning like the nasty pig I was becoming, smeared his spunk all over my face as I jacked off in my pants. I cleaned my face with my fingers, scooping it all into my mouth. 

After a quick glance in the mirror, I was off again, still stroking my cock through my pants as I walked down the hall and waited for the elevator. When it arrived only moments later, it was empty, and seeing as it was late at night and unlikely to be that busy, I took a lusty calculated risk. I pushed the button for the top floor and reached for my zipper.

I pulled it down, and my incredibly-hard penis, a thick six-and-a-half inches, sprung immediately out. My hand immediately fell to it and I began to furiously masturbate. My pre-cum was flowing like never before and it gave me plenty of lubrication as my hand rapidly travelled up and down the length of my raging erection. My head became swollen and purple as the elevator rose, with thoughts drifting in and out of my mind: the feel of the "stranger" as his pecker invaded my mouth... smacking my lips and getting rewarded with a vague taste of his semen... wondering if I'd cum before I reached the top (it was now on 11, and there were 22 floors)...don't a lot of elevators have security cameras? That last one was the kicker; the thought of being watched suddenly drew me very close to orgasm. 

My hips began bucking as I fucked my hand, glancing up to see the elevator was nearly to the sixteenth floor...what happens if I don't cum before I reach the top; shit, what happens if I do? My arousal grew with each floor until, as it passed 20, I felt that familiar and longed-for tightness, and began to climax. After my first couple of shots, the elevator reached 22, and the doors opened. Anyone who'd happened to be there would've seen me jacking off and shooting my cum all over the inside of the elevator, and although there was noone there, this final sexy thought sent my orgasm to some even higher level, and as I leaned back against the elevator wall, I shot sperm all the way into the hallway. 

After catching my breath, I zipped back up and hit the button for the lobby. Imagine my surprise when the doors opened on seventeen and a security guard stepped in! At first I must have blushed, but when the initial panic dissipated and I realized that he wasn't there to bust me but was just doing his rounds, I relaxed immensely. Indeed, I felt a sudden urge to hit the emergency stop, fall to my knees and suck his cock too. Of course I resisted, even though I noticed that he was apparently well-built and fairly attractive. I couldn't believe that I was still feeling this horny, and as I reached my car, my dick grew hard again and I masturbated to another furious orgasm sitting in the parking lot.

When I got home, I was still all hot and bothered, and I got out the larger of my two dildos, which is enormous, over nine inches and so very thick. Though I'd been shoving it inside myself a few times a week or so for a couple months by this point, it still hurts sometimes, particularly when I get a little too excited and shove it in a little bit too roughly. Through experimentation, I've learned how to tickle my prostate with it, to the point where I can produce several loads without losing my erection or ever even touching my cock It's been a revelation, to say the least! Being able to cum repeatedly makes my cock long for attention; the anticipation is so exquisite. Eventually I cave in and stroke myself to my final orgasm, this one always the most thunderous of the bunch (and of course, knowing this makes that anticipation even more effective).

I had reached another crucial point, and realized that, while I enjoy my artificial phallus, it was about time I got the real thing. A real, live dick slamming into me, filling my butthole, rubbing my prostate. Being invaded, used, being fucked. And eventually I did get the real thing... but that's yet another story. Stay tuned!