 Like any other day I awoke at 5am and quietly dressed in a pair of grey sweat pants, sweatshirt, and running shoes. I like to stay active and I enjoy a run in the morning--it puts a peaceful hum on me for the rest of the day. Careful to not wake my wife and kids I stepped out and began my walk to the end of the street. It's in this walk that I really began to wake up as I made my way to the trail that begins there. The trail runs for two miles through a nature park, a forest really, that's interlaced with hundreds of trails, but the main one is kept clear of overgrowth and locals like myself use it for getting away from it all.

From the end of the block I walked between two houses and continued a few hundred yards through the trees to a parking lot, past a sign that says "No motorycles" to a small pavillion where there's an old wooden lunch table with faded paint and amorous expressions carved in the surface. I spent a few minutes stretching and it occured to me that I forgot to use the bathroom before I left the house. There's a public restroom next to the pavillion, a tan colored brick affair with dark brown trim and no doors, so I went in and prepared to relieve myself in one of the urinals.

Finishing up, I was taking my time and continued to stroke my cock for awhile. It was semi-hard in my hand and I was trying to remember the last time I made love to my wife. To be honest, I was horny as hell and I could've used a really good cum before heading back home for a few more hours of sleep. I thought I really should get started, but just standing there stroking my cock, half asleep, knowing anyone could walk in (but probably wouldn't) - well, it just felt too good to get in a hurry.

I'm not sure how it happened, but one minute I was on my own and the next minute someone was there. A muscular arm came from behind me and wrapped around my neck, my attacker's body had slammed me from behind and my hands instinctively shot out to keep me from hitting the wall. My legs were pinned against the urinal and a hand gripped my cock and balls.

"Enjoying yourself were you?"

The voice was deep and rough. I could feel his breath in my right ear as the fingers of his right hand kept a firm grip and his thumb gently caressed my cock. I was a bit stunned, literally caught with my pants down.

"What the fu.."

He flexed his left arm and a startling amount of pressure was exerted on my windpipe. I went from angry to starving for air and in excrutiating pain in the blink of an eye. I grabbed his arm in an attempt to relieve the pressure, but I'm only 5'4" and 145lbs and this guy had me bent backward and outweighed me by a hundred pounds. My legs were pinned, I was getting nowhere, and I had just started to panic when he eased up a little. While I gasped for air, his right hand stroked from my balls, over my stomach, to my chest and nipples and back again. He was grinding his crotch into my ass and lightly stroking my cock while he told me how it was going to be:

"Listen up, Bitch. You behave your little white ass and do what you're told and I'll go easy on you. Give me any shit and I'll beat you till you can't move. Either way, you're not going anywhere till I'm through with you. You got that?"

I was happy just to be breathing. My throat was sore, I was dazed, somewhere in the back of my mind I was thinking: "Oh man, this is for real. I am in deep shit." He may have had a weapon, I don't know. I paused, trying to take it all in. I wasn't eager to make this guy angry. I couldn't think straight, but I knew I didn't want him to choke me anymore. 

He whispered harshly in my ear: "I said: you got that?"

The moment of truth. Do I try and fight and get my ass kicked and maybe even get myself killed, or do I go along with it and hope everything turns out alright?

And this whole time he's gently stroking my cock and it's starting to respond whether I want it to or not.

I numbly nodded my head.

Ok, I'll admit that when I get really horny, my sexual fantasies have involved men. I've never had a homosexual experience, but the idea of having sex with another man doesn't offend me the way it seems to offend some people. I was thinking that being attacked in a public restroom wasn't exactly what I had in mind when he spun me around and punched me in the stomach. Before I knew it I was on my knees and gasping for air again. He grabbed me by my hair and rolled his fist until I was forced to look up at him.

He was a black man, in his early thirties, about 6' tall and wieghing in at about 260lbs. He was wearing an expensive looking blue jogging outfit and his nostrils flared when he talked:

"Ya, right where you should be Bitch. On your knees."

"Jesus, man, take it easy, I said I heard you."

"Maybe I'll relax a little once my dick is in your mouth. Now hurry up."

He emphasized his words by jerking my head towards his crotch by my hair.

"Go on, take it out and suck it. You know you want to."

I reached up and pulled his sweat pants down just enough for his cock to spring free. It was dark black, long and thin with angry veins along it's length. I gently grabbed it with my right hand and began to stroke it, marvelling at how quickly it became hot to the touch. It began to grow and become hard as I got used to the feel of it in my hands. I brought it to my mouth and swirled my tongue around the head before dragging a rough, wet line along the underside of his cock and down it's length to his balls.

"Mmm, ya. Work it, Bitch. Suck that dick."

His hand on my head eased up and he stayed still as I opened my mouth as wide as it would go and took his manhood deep into my mouth. Slowly, he began to rock his hips back and forth, pistoning his meat in and out of my face. As I got used to it I began to fondle his balls with my left hand.

"Yaaa, you want that don't you? You're starting to like the taste of dick aren't you?"

I didn't know what to say; I didn't know what to think. I rationalized that if I could get him off, he would leave and I could forget this ever happened. I began to stroke his shaft with my right hand as I bobbed my head up and down on his cock, my tongue roughly working the underside on every down stroke. I had a powerful rhythm going and he began to moan, his hips picked up speed, his balls tightened up, his thrusts became deeper and deeper. I was starting to gag and I tried to hold him off, but he would have none of it as he grabbed my head in both of his hands and began to mercilessly fuck my throat. With each thrust his cock went deeper and I was frantically trying to breathe through my nose, but in his lust he was oblivious and finally, with one loud primal grunt, with my nose pressed into his belly, he unloaded his warm fluid down my throat. I could feel his cock pulsing against my tongue.

When he was finished, he pushed me away and I lay there gasping for air. I felt exhausted and used. I had the taste of his dick in my mouth and he just stood there with that post-orgasmic glow about him.

Right then I could have left. He'd had his way with me, he was spent, and I could have just gotten up and walked out. That's exactly what I was going to do, but I hesitated. 

He saw me hesitate - and he smiled. I was beaten like a dog that's afraid to leave for fear it will be hit again. He stared at my cock - standing tall at it's full, and thick, eight inches. He had made me his bitch and he knew it. Realizing my cock was as hard as a diamond, I knew it too.

My mind reeled, I thought I must be crazy, but I knew I would do anything he told me to.

As he took his pants off he said:

"Drop your pants, Bitch."

As I dutifully obeyed, he turned around and bent over the urinal. Looking back at me naked from the waist down he said:

"Go on, Bitch, eat my ass."

I was shaking, from fear or excitement I couldn't tell, as I knelt behind him on the cold tile floor and gently pulled his muscular ass cheeks apart. His cleft was hairy and had a musky scent to it as I began to draw a circle around his asshole with my tongue. Reaching underneath him I began to alternate stroking his cock and fondling his balls, as my tongue drew closer to the ring of muscle that made up his asshole.

"Mmmm, yah. That's it. That's it. Eat that ass, Bitch. Use your tongue on it."

He began to squirm and his cock was getting hard again as I let go of all my inhibitions and rammed my tongue as far into his ass as I could. I moaned into his crack as my hand stroked his cock and my tongue fucked his ass. In no time he was hard again and groaning loudly. I couldn't seem to stop myself or even get enough as my hands pulled his ass cheeks farther apart and I licked and sucked at his anal ring.

When his dick was rock hard and starting to drip, he turned around and grabbed my hair in one hand while the other hand held his cock. He held me still while he wiped his pre-cum all over my face, I opened my mouth and tried to suck him in, but that's not what he wanted this time.

"Look at you. You're a man-meat hungry little slut now. You'd like to swallow another load wouldn't you? Well, I've got a more virginal hole in mind. Now turn around."

Staying on my knees, I awkwardly turned around. He shoved my shoulders forward and I fell to all fours. He grabbed my hips and pulled my ass towards him and then I felt his hand push on the back of my neck. He kept pushing until my face was firmly pressed against the damp tile of the public restroom floor. I began to shake as he spit in his hand and used it to lube his cock. He then pressed the head of his member to my opening and, using his hands to keep me from going anywhere, slowly forced his manhood into my ass.

Immediately I was assaulted by novel sensations: the pain of penetration, the fear that my insides would be torn open by such a large invader, and the fullness of him as he pressed himself into me until his balls rested against mine. I began to relax as he bagan to pump his meat in and out of me; as the pain lessened, the pleasure increased. Nothing had ever been this deep in my ass and I had no idea that it could feel so good. With each thrust of his cock, my own cock twitched with a previously unfelt and unimagined pleasure. I felt light headed. Emotionally, I'd never felt so humiliated; physically, I'd never felt so good. Without thinking about it I began to moan and meet his thrusts. Without missing a beat and without stopping he suddenly grabbed my hair and yanked my head back.

"You like that, don't you bitch? Found your proper place in the world haven't you?"

He had slowed his thrusts to a gentle rhythm, his cock buried in my ass and only moving about two inches with each stroke, but those two inches were hitting right where I needed it most. I was right on the edge of no return and his husky breathing told me he was too.

"Well," he said as he wrapped one hand around my cock, "answer my question bitch and I might let you cum."

I felt like such a little pussy, but I was so close to cumming I couldn't stop myself from whimpering breathlessly:

"Oh God, yes I like it...please don't stop...fuck me...fuck my ass...fuck me..."

"Ya, that's it, beg for it" he said and he began to pump my cock with his hand as he picked up the pace thrusting mightily with his hips. I just couldn't take it anymore; try as I might to deny it, I was being raped by a man and physically, it felt better than any woman ever made me feel.

Suddenly, he stopped and, with a loud grunt, he unloaded his sperm as deep inside of me as his cock could shove it. That did it for me, every muscle in my body flexed as hard as it could and I came longer and harder than than I ever had before. My cum hit the floor, splashed across my chest, and even hit my throat and chin. He held my spent body up by the hips while he pumped the last of his seed deep in my bowels.

Finally finished with me, he shoved me forward and I collapsed face down in a heap; my sweats around my ankles, his cum leaking out of my ass, and laying in my own spooge - I began to tremble with the chills. When, exhausted, I finally looked up - he was gone, but I could still taste his cum in my mouth and feel the burning fullness of his cock in my ass.