 Alright guys this is probably going to leave you with more questions than answers and its not a typical chapter, just a view of what happened with Mike and exactly how Johnny and Luke broke up.Its not as intense as your used to because i didn't really want to start the ending chapter which i originally did with this one, so i made it one by itself. Know that the next chapter is the last, it will be longer than all the others, and yes there will be very good sex :D Thanks for being patience, i know its not as good but i hope you still give it good votes anyway, it always makes my day!! 

I frowned in confusion at the man that walked out of the warehouse. The men around me tensed and I knew this wasn't a friend. Dressed in a dark suit of all things, with a big gold ring on his pinkie and two big thugs behind him he wasn't really intimidating...just looked a little out of place. 

"Do I know you?" I asked calmly, as two of Luke's guys walked up behind me. 

The short man walked closer, his guards staying still. The man was short, short brown hair, dark eyes, dark skin, he was about as tall as me, but I could tell there were muscles under that perfectly tailored suit. I didn't move as he came within touching distance.

"Michael Warden. I'm an....acquaintance of Luke Havers, who you very obviously know."

He had a fake Italian accent and I almost smiled at the absurdity of it. I held it back though. 

"Luke doesn't have acquaintances, he has people he trusts, and people he doesn't. I'm going to guess which category you're in." 

I spoke with a confidence I didn't really feel. I wasn't good at being a runner that much was for damn sure.

The man tensed, "Watch your tongue kid, you're like what 18? I got a lot of years on you."

I rolled my eyes deliberately, "22 old man, keep up." 

His guards were very suddenly not in front of me anymore. I was so intent on watching the man in front of me I didn't notice them slip from view. My guys obviously didn't either. I heard two thuds and looked back as my trusty sidekicks fell to the ground. 

Michael Warden smiled a nasty smile as his guards grabbed my arms. "Now, let's see if we can make that smart ass mouth of yours tell me what I want to know."

He punched me hard in the face and that was all she wrote. 

I woke up who knows how long later, tied to a wooden chair like something straight out of a movie. A single light bulb was glaring above me and I rolled my eyes at the cheesy cliché. I heard a laugh and strained my eyes to look into the darkness beyond where the light illuminated.

"You really are a smart ass little shit aren't you kid. You're not afraid even as you sit, about to get tortured, without your trusty boyfriend...or boyfriends I should say to protect you." 

I took a deep breath and let out an exaggerated sigh, "Are we really going to do this? Idle chit chat where you try to intimidate me, then get mad when I don't get scared? How about we just skip to the part where you do a very long monologue of why I'm here."

I didn't hear anything for a while and I wasn't sure if what I had said was the dumbest or smartest thing to say. Suddenly I heard a sharp laugh.

"You know kid I kind of like you. Pity your on the wrong side."

He came into my line of sight and knelt down to where we were eye level though it didn't take much.

"You tell me where Luke keeps his shit, and I let you go unharmed. I know where he lives in his fancy mansion, keeping all his faggot lackeys close to him. Where. Is. The. Merchandise? There is no way he could fit it in there, believe me I've looked."

That was news to me as I'm sure it was news to Luke, but I smiled, "I'm just the boyfriend, what makes you think I know anything like that. Surely you have met Luke before, do you really think he would be stupid enough to trust me with that?"

I kind of wished what I was saying was true in that moment because I was literally scared shitless. If dating Luke taught me anything though it was never to show your enemy your scared, it's just another tool they can use against you. He also said if they take you somewhere it's only to kill you slower, and here I was in a random room tied to a chair....but I tried not to dwell on that part. 

Michael laughed, standing up. "You know John, I thought the same thing. Until I saw you tonight. I watched you for a quite a while before actually making myself known. You handled the merchandise, the runners, everything with the kind of grace that most normal runners...or just boyfriends don't have. You know more than your letting on and your attitude shows it. Now don't make me mar that nice body of yours kid."

I looked down when I realized I didn't have a shirt on and mentally laughed at myself for not noticing. I guess I'm a little bit of an idiot when it comes to being kidnapped. 

I was done talking. I set my jaw and stared Michael in the eyes. He smiled, nodding his head very slightly and I didn't see the man in the shadow, just noticed when Michael suddenly had a knife in his hand. 

I forced myself to keep my eyes open as he came towards me, picturing Luke's face before my mind shut down and all that was left was to feel. 

I don't remember what happened in the day I spent in Michael Warden's wonderful care. After the first few cuts I blacked out. I knew he kept waking me back up but I don't remember what he said, or what I didn't say. All I know is he was beyond pissed when he threw me in his car the next night. 

"Stupid fucking kid. Your loyalty just earned you scars you will never be rid of and enemies you really didn't need to make. Was it worth it smart ass? Huh? I sure fucking hope so."

My mind wouldn't really comprehend the pattern of the words he was saying. If it had I would have noticed when he said never be rid of....an indication I was going to survive long enough to want to be rid of them.

I blacked out again, not knowing where we were going or how long we drove. When I woke up next the sun was shining down on my face as Mike's two guards threw me out of the car and onto the concrete before driving away. 

I looked around and saw Luke's beautiful BMW, almost crying with relief. I could hardly move, I was so weak with blood loss my head refused to focus but I knew instinctively I had to get to Luke. I have no idea how long it actually took but it felt like days as I dug my nails into the concrete and dragged myself to the front door. 

Music was blaring, vibrating the house and It took me four tries to actually reach the doorknob, two more to actually turn it. 

The door cracked and I dragged my body into that crack. There was no one at the stand in front of the door and I tried to yell but I couldn't. Luke and what looked like almost the entire compound were sitting in the living room in a tight circle, discussing what I could only assume was me. 

I had to get to him. In my mind he was all that mattered. I drug myself across the floor, my chest slick with blood and not making a sound. I got so close to the couches when my arms gave out. I saw Luke's beautiful face, frowning in concentration and tried to smile, his voice, his touch, the last thoughts in my mind. 

"Luke," I whispered as my vision started fading again. 

His head snapped up like he had been slapped, his eyes instantly falling on my broken body, bleeding out on his floor.

"Johnny!" He screamed, running to me. He knelt down in my blood and drug me into his arms. 

"Get my car damn it!" He screamed, his eyes never leaving mine. 

I have no clue what was going on around me but I assumed it was chaotic. 

"Johnny. Baby, please don't let go. Hold on for me Johnny, please please baby boy please!." 

He never called me baby boy...it was kind of sweet, I liked it. I smiled a silly smile, or I think I did and leaned my head against Luke's solid chest. It felt so good to be held. So good.

My vision started fading, and for some reason I couldn't force my eyes to open. Luke was screaming at me but I just wanted to go to sleep. He was next to me, I was so numb, and I just wanted to sleep. I passed out to the sound of Luke crying, his chest shaking against my head. He never cried. How odd.

"Johnny boy wake up. Come on baby." I heard Luke's voice, which to me was amazing because I never thought I was going to again.

I peeled open my eyes, which proved to be harder than I thought and there he was, my big rock sitting by my side. 

"What happened Luke?" I saw I was in the hospital but I had no idea why. 

Luke frowned, a pained expression on his face. 

"You don't remember. They said you might not."

I blinked up at him blankly, "Remember......?"

He sighed heavily, "I failed you Johnny. I didn't protect you like I always said I would. I failed, and you got hurt, and now you're here." 

I tried to reach out an arm to touch his face but as soon as I got it fully extended I felt a sharp pain in my chest. Frowning I looked down, and saw my entire chest wrapped in gauze, all the way down to my hips. 

I started hyperventilating, "Luke, Luke what happened. Luke tell me what happened what's wrong with me."

Luke backed away, his face broken, as a nurse came running in. 

"Sir, you need to calm down, sir please calm down."

She injected something into an IV in my hand and I slowly started to calm down, my body getting heavier and Luke's guilty face fading from my view.

Next time I woke up it was two days later and I remembered what happened. I don't know what changed ,maybe hearing Luke blame himself, I'm not really sure but the memory was fresh in my mind when I opened my eyes. 

Luke was passed out in a chair near me, and from the dark sky outside I guessed it was pretty late. Leslie wasn't asleep though, no he was pacing in front of the door like a guard missing his big rifle. 

"Leslie." I whispered and his eyes snapped at me.

With a hesitant look towards the door he made his way over to the bed.

"Um....hey man." He sounded nervous, which probably meant that Luke told him if I woke up not to tell me because he probably wanted to. 

"I remember Les, you don't have to worry about not telling me." 

His body relaxed and I smiled. He gave me a hesitant smile back before leaning forward and running his fingers down my face. 

"I was so scared Johnny. When the guys came back and told us I thought Luke was going to kill them right then and there. You should have never been there Johnny, you really shouldn't have."

I glanced at Luke, "How is he doing with it?"

Leslie couldn't suppress a grimace, "He's mad. He's mad at everyone. Mainly himself."

There was a way he said that I really didn't like, "He's mad at EVERYONE?"

Leslie looked down, "Not the time or place or Johnny."

I frowned, "He's mad at me? Are you freaking serious?" 

Leslie looked at Luke with a worried expression, "Johnny he's hurt and he's lashing out he knows it wasn't your fault but he's not in his right mind right now, please don't hold it against him."

I shook my head in annoyance, "Whatever Leslie. I'm sorry you worried okay? I'm okay. Little fucked up but overall okay....if you look it in the big picture...with your head sideways.....and squinting one eye." 

Leslie laughed which is what I wanted and I squeezed his hand reassuringly. He went back to guarding the door and I just looked at Luke for a long long time. 

I got released two days later, with lots of instructions to Luke and lots of pain pills. No one talked on the way home and I was grateful for it. I really didn't know what to say knowing the thoughts in Luke's mind and no one in the car dared say anything to poke the sleeping tiger. We got back to the house and Luke helped me inside, fighting and losing the argument to carry me. Didn't want to tear my stitches you know. 

We got up to the bedroom and he got my settled in to bed, kissing my forehead. His face was closed and I frowned.

"Lay with me Luke." I said softly. 

His eyes flashed to mine before he stiffly nodded, climbing in on the other side of me and laying on his back, an arm behind his head....two feet away from me.

"Okay what the fuck is this?" I snarled, trying to sit up.

Luke pushed me back down, sitting up to look at me sternly.

"You need to lay down Johnny. I don't want your stitches ripping anymore than you do."

I rolled my eyes, "You and I know both know I used that so you wouldn't carry me. What is going on Luke? Why won't you talk to me?"

His eyes looked away from mine, the warmth that was fleetingly there fading. He got off the bed and started pacing in front of the bed. A very annoying habit of his.

"Luke!" I yelled after about 3 minutes.

He stopped and stared down at me, "Did you tell him anything Johnny?"

My jaw fell open of it's own accord and I just looked at him dumbly for a minute.

"Did you seriously just ask me that?"

His expression didn't change, "I need to know, and I have a right to know, so I can make arrangements if you did."

"Get out. Get the fuck out!" I screamed and he actually looked surprised.

"Look, Johnny, you're a kid okay? You fucked up, you got caught, you went through hell, I don't expect to hear that you told him nothing. Just tell me what you DID tell him so we can move on with our lives."

"I fucked up? How the fucking hell did I fuck up? I went where I was supposed to go, to do the job I was supposed to do. How was I supposed to know he was there? Your trained, GROWN men, didn't even know they were there until they got knocked the fuck unconscious! How was I suppose to do better then them!" I was screaming now.

He ran a hand through his hair before looking back at me, "I don't know Johnny! I don't know.....you just were!!" 

I couldn't believe it. I felt my heart breaking in my chest as my eyes grew cold.

" I didn't tell him anything Luke. He tortured me, he cut up my chest and when there was no more room big enough he cut up my back. He tortured me verbally and physically for god knows how long. I didn't tell him anything. Are you happy now?"

He stared at me, eyes searching my face like he thought I was lying.

"You think I'm lying to you? You really think I'm lying to you? What the hell is wrong with you Luke! I thought you loved me!" 

His spine straightened and he looked away. He walked to the door, without another glance and threw it open.

He looked back at me with cold eyes, "You shouldn't have got caught Johnny."

He left and my pride deflated, my body slumping back against the pillows. It probably hurt but I didn't feel it. I didn't feel anything. I was numb inside and out, just like I was when I crawled, dragged myself across the floor, trying to get to Luke. Then he didn't believe me. He blamed me. I couldn't breathe, there was so much pain going through me. 

I laid in bed for hours, noting that no one, even Leslie came and saw me. Luke's orders more than likely. He made me the black sheep, the one no one was allowed to talk to. Whether it was for my own well being or because I "got caught" I wasn't really sure. 

I was done. I was completely done. It broke my heart even more, but I couldn't live like this. I couldn't put my life in danger for a man that wouldn't even believe that I loved him enough to NOT rat him out. Luke cared about his business so much more than he cared about me. 

He came in later that night when I was getting up, packing my clothes up. 

"What are you doing Johnny, get back in bed." His voice was flat.

I closed my eyes to not let a fresh wave of tears come. 

"I'm leaving Luke, I'm going home."

Luke grabbed my suitcase of my hand and tossed it across the room, standing in front of mine, trying to intimidate me as he stared down at me.

"This is your home Johnny, or are you not loyal to it anymore?"

My eyes flashed up to his, "what the fuck is that supposed to mean? I'm not loyal to you? Is that it? What you think we were eating bon bons and I was like oh hey to make it more real so he doesn't know I willingly shared all his secrets how about your cut my body apart!"

He didn't react to my anger, just looked down at me. "Those weren't my exact words, no."

I gaped at him. My resolve solidified right then. 

"Me or the business Luke. Choose, right now. I can't live like this, my life in danger for a man that doesn't even believe me when I tell him I love him enough to not break. I can't. If you want to be with me, you need to choose. Me, or the business."

His face broke for a second, showing me exactly how hurt he was by my words. It was gone in a fleeting second though.

"Don't give me ultimatums Johnny, you won't like the results."

I didn't back down, "I need an answer Luke."

He stared at me for a second, trying to get me to break. When it was clear I wasn't going to he sighed and his face hardened once again. 

"You know what the answer is Johnny boy."

My skin crawled, "You choose the business."

He didn't nod, didn't shake his head, just stared at me, " I always will."

I let out a breath that ended on a cry. I covered my mouth and grabbed my suitcase from where he threw it, moving very slowly.

"You know I won't let you leave Johnny. I don't even know why you're trying to act like I will."

Hurt was replaced by fear as I heard the tone in his voice. He really wouldn't let me leave, he would honestly hold me hostage...or kill me. I took a deep breath and did the only thing I really could. I lied. 

"I'm going to mom's Luke. She is freaking out worried about me and you know how she is."

I didn't turn to look at him and he didn't try to make me. He just stood behind me, drilling holes into the back of my head with his gaze. After a very tense minute or two he finally answered a question I hadn't asked. 

"Fine. Go home to your mom. I'll expect you back here though, as soon as your able."

To work...as soon as I was able to work. Just like that our relationship, our marriage that wasn't official...it was over.

"Got it boss." I said, my voice as flat as his. 

He walked past me out the door without looking back. I think on some levels he knew I was really leaving. He wouldn't admit it though, because that would mean admitting he knew that everyone didn't fall to his command, and lord knew his ego wouldn't allow that kind of revelation.

To give credit, I did go home. My mom freaked when she saw me, and when I explained that I was leaving she more than understood, she helped me pack my bags. 

She told me not to come back, not for a while. One son was already risking his life there was no need to make it two.

That night I drove out of town. I watched the city limits sign past and felt nothing. I had my stuff, plenty of bandages and a lot of money. I wasn't a whore, but I worked my ass off in that place and Luke did pay me. Granted the pay was probably more than everyone else's because of our relationship but when I tried to put a stop to that the argument didn't last long. The lights were fading in my rear view mirror when a car swerved in front of me, cutting me off.

I was scared shitless Luke had somehow found out, but it was not him that came out of the old school Mercedes in front of me. It was the man of my newly found nightmares.

Mike walked up to my window, smiling when I didn't move to roll it down.

"Come on now Johnny, I just want to talk." he said through the glass.

I locked the door and stared at him, "Yea where have I heard that before?"

My voice was a lot more sure and calm than anything else going on in my head. 

"I just wanted to make sure my suspicions were correct, you know protecting my assets and all. Your leavin town right?"

I didn't say anything, just looked down and back up into his eyes. It was enough.

"Does honey bunny know?"

That one I left unanswered as well.

"I know I'm not your most favorite person in the world right now Johnny-" no...really? "- but I want you to know your secret is safe with me. I don't care where you go, but do yourself and all of us a solid. Don't come back. Alright?"
