 Author's note: The original ending of chapter had to go bye bye, so this chapter picks up where Nick leaves to go to the set. The Kindle thing never happened. Not canon anymore.

********

Someone knocked on the trailer door. "Nick, we're ready for you," a woman's voice shouted.

Nick took his finger out of Tyler, but before getting up he gave it one last lick. "To be continued. Got to go give Rachel a taste of your ass. You can chill out here while I film." Nick exited with a wave. 

Tyler put his pants back on and looked around the trailer for something to occupy his time. He noticed Nick had left his phone on the table unlocked. A person's phone said a lot about them. This could get him all the insider info he needed to land Nick as his sugar daddy. He picked it up and went to work. 

He decided to look at the pictures on Nick's phone first. He wanted to know if there were any nudes of Nick or any exes. Maybe he'd find nudes of Andrew, that forty-something who plays Nick's dad on the show. He'd be willing to bet his external hard drive full of porn that those two had fucked.

What he found wasn't nudes of Nick or Andrew or some twink named Tristan. It was nudes of himself. One of him jerking himself in front of a mirror. The next one was a close up shot of his asshole. Tyler knew his hole very well. He considered it his best friend after Dev. That pink little asshole was his.

"What the fuck?" Tyler exclaimed. He had just met Nick this morning and they certainly hadn't exchanged nudes. He looked through the rest of Nick's pictures and they were just normal hot celebrity pictures you could see on Instagram.

He put down Nick's phone on the table and dug his own phone out of his pocket. He called Dev. "Dev, Nick is some weirdo who has my nudes on his phone!" 

"Oh, he has that pic of your asshole? That's strange. You did just meet this morning. Then again, you aren't exactly discerning with your nudes. That pic of your asshole is probably as ubiquitous as RuPaul's Drag Race gifs with the gays in this town," Dev said trying to be logical. "Maybe he fucked one of your former hook ups and that's how he got it."

Tyler made a face. "That could be it. Still gives me the creeps. Though it could have been worse. I could have found out he was a furry or one of those weirdos who get fisted at blueberry farms." 

"There are people who get fisted at blueberry farms? I have so many questions. Do they use the blueberries as lube? Do the farmers just sit around and watch?" Dev asked, both horrified and fascinated. 

Tyler laughed. "No clue. I heard about it from this guy at that gay bar Zaddy's. When he started to go into detail, I made an excuse and got out of there. I'm open to kink, but that was too much for me." Tyler decided to change the subject. "Hey, you answered the phone pretty quick. I take it your date was a bust."

"It was awful. He was late and rude. The asshole thought I was raised in a jungle. I stormed out leaving a hundred dollar bill on the table for a meal that would have been $40 tops. At least I made that server's day. Though I wasn't a very good date either. I had a brain fart and mentioned the fact that dolphins are rapists as a fun fact," Dev said miserably.

"You mentioned dolphin rape? That's hilarious. Though maybe we should make a list of things you can't talk about on a date like feline AIDS, the series finale of How I Met Your Mother and whether or not Batman is a bottom," Tyler said teasingly.

"I still maintain that Batman would be a power bottom. His control issues and personality all point to loving a dick up the ass," Dev proclaimed.

"That would have made Batman v Superman a better movie. Though the fucking probably have ended with both of them yelling out 'Martha', so scratch that idea," Tyler said chuckling. "Dev, maybe you should try getting laid online. Do you still have the Dick Pig app on your phone?" 

Dev sighed. "Yes, but I haven't used it in a while. I don't want to be at the mercy of the white gays on there. The last guy I messaged on there said 'Sorry, I don't feel like fucking Apu.' Everyone on Dick Pig seems to want 20 year old twunks named Cody or Noah. Not 30 year old Indian American dentists." 

"You have a huge dick. Put that info out there in your profile. And maybe avoid the white gays. If they don't want it, give it to another man of color."

"Worth a try. I can peruse Dick Pig while watching Killer Husbands. Tonight's episode is about a husband who kills his wife for leaving a negative comment on his Literotica story." Dev's stomach grumbled. "And order a pizza before it comes on. Do you want your usual?" Dev knew Tyler always wanted green peppers and onions.

"God, yes. It won't be a post anal victory pizza if I don't fuck Nick, but I'm starving," Tyler said sitting on the couch. 

"Are you going to fuck him?" Dev asked. 

"I don't know. He's hot and rich, but having my nudes on his phone when I just met him is disturbing. I'll have to ask about it and if his answer is satisfactory, I'll let him beat up my hole. I'll let you get to your pizza and murder TV. See you later!"

******** Dev sat eating his pizza as Killer Husbands played on the TV. "Lady, if you were going to call your husband a limp dicked shitty writer you should have done it anonymously. Now you're dead and you have me talking to the TV like a loon."

Dev finished the slice and picked up his phone while watching out of the corner of his eye the defense attorney on TV argue that it was a Literotica reader who had killed the woman with a flame thrower because she had written a gay series where the main couple had a threesome and that was apparently frowned upon in the Gay Male section of Literotica. Dev taped on the Dick Pig app and started searching for potential hook ups. 

He scrolled past the Codys and Noahs that he assumed wouldn't want him until he reached a handsome black man named Raymond and clicked on the profile. 26 years old, 6'2", vers, with brown bedroom eyes that made Dev's cock throb. Raymond had books, D&D and big, tasty cocks listed as his interests.

Dev clicked to send him a message. Thinking that he should be bold for once and sent a message that read "You like big cocks? Well, you are in luck because I happen to have one. Act now while supplies last! Xoxo, Dev."

Dev set the phone down on his lap and returned his attention to the TV. A commercial was playing with a B list actress trying to convince people that she used $10 hair dye from a drug store. "Sure, Jan," Dev said as he picked his phone back up. Raymond had already messaged him back. The message was "But is it tasty? And how do I know if it's big? I've been promised anacondas before and gotten a worm. Show me the meat."

Dev grinned. He supposed this was an instance when you should show, not tell. He was wearing sweatpants and free balling, so he took out his intimidating member and started jacking it. Once he was satisfied it was hard enough, he snapped a pic. He didn't worry about angles like some men would. Ten inches looked good from any angle.

He sent the picture with a "Does this look big and tasty to you?" message. He got a response back thirty seconds later. "Give me your address. I need that in my ass."

Dev stroked his cock while typing his address. Pizza and fucking. The perfect Friday night. Fifteen minutes later, the doorbell rang. Dev stuffed his cock back into his pants and opened it.

Raymond didn't waste anytime and pulled him into a kiss. Dev was taken aback, but melted into the kiss. Raymond had very luscious lips. He decided to be bold and grabbed Raymond's ass as they passionately tongued each other. He had a bubble butt. Dev groaned. 

Raymond pulled away. "Let's go inside. Unless you want your neighbors to see you breed my ass."

"Uh, sure. Nice to meet you, by the way."

********** Tyler sat in the well-appointed trailer and wondered if he should just say nothing. It wasn't like rich, hot gay guys were plentiful in this area. And it wasn't like those pics were creep shots. He had sent those pics to several men. Dev, that hot guy from yoga, his former boss's husband, the mailman, his high school English teacher, the bartender with the man bun at Zaddy's, the hot Filipino who he blew in the handicap stall at Zaddy's, the pastry chef who drizzled chocolate syrup on his asshole and ate it, that 40 year old closet case who cried afterwards, his stepbrother (which was an accident) and some guy named Jeffrey who was part of the chorus of a touring production of Wicked. He was sure he was forgetting some people. Any of those men could have given those pics to Nick.

Tyler had bills to pay. Car payment, student loans, phone and rent were all due. He couldn't let a potential sugar daddy get away.

Nick entered the trailer. "Sorry to leave you alone for so long. We have 30 minutes while they set up for the next shot. Get those pants off. I want to do more than tongue that ass this time."

"Speaking of my ass, why do you have nudes of me on your phone?" Tyler asked and immediately regretted it. His damn impulse control issues had fucked him again.

"Why the fuck were you on my phone? That's a serious privacy violation," Nick said in a low angry tone. 

Tyler thought about lying and saying his phone battery was low and he needed to use it to make a call, but he figured it is best to tell the truth. If he got caught lying, it could blow up this potential golden goose.

"I was curious. You're such a big star." For a superhero TV show on a low watched network. Of course, he didn't say that out loud. "The temptation of an unlocked phone was too much. I'm sorry. I have boundary issues. I still would like to know how you got that pic. Did a former hookup of mine send it to you?"

Nick just laughed. "Technically, no. My private investigator got it from your former boss Tina. It seems she found it on her husband's phone after she had caught you sucking on his tongue. Well done, by the way. That's some epic sluttery right there"

Tyler made a face that could be best described as a real life version of a confused Scooby Doo face. "Private investigator? Why would you need someone to investigate me? And for the record, he made the moves on me!" After Tyler had sent him nudes, but he wasn't going to admit that. "I succumbed to his charms and it was very wrong. I was naïve."

Nick snorted. "Spare me the lost little fag who just happened to send pics of his butthole to a married man act for someone who buys it. You saw what you wanted and you went after it. You're an amoral slut. Exactly what I need."

Tyler was speechless. He stared at Nick for a full thirty seconds before speaking. "What do you need me for?"

"You're going to seduce my co-star Andrew's son and I'm going to pay you handsomely for it."

*********** Dev stood with his sweatpants around his ankles as Raymond deepthroated him. "Ohhh. Fuck! You're so good at that." Tyler had given him a good blowjob the other day, but Raymond was even better. Tyler had only been to take about seven inches, but Raymond had swallowed it all.

Raymond pulled back. "A cock like this deserves to be worshipped." He smacked himself in the face with Dev's heavy cock. "But so do these balls. And I'm not one of those rude sluts who forgets the balls." He sucked Dev's left testicle into his mouth as he jerked his shaft. 

Dev was in heaven. He already knew he didn't want this to be a one time thing. He figured they could talk after sex about. Raymond released Dev's left nut with a pop sound and started working the right one. 

"You're so hot, Raymond," Dev moaned. "Yeah, suck those balls for Daddy. Fuuuuuucccckk. Shit. You better stop or I'll cum."

Raymond backed off coyishly. "Well, we can't have that. The first load should go in my ass, not on my face." He gripped Dev's butt. "Nice. I'll have to eat this later."

"You don't mind that I have a hairy ass?" Dev asked nervously. He had been a little self-conscious about it since Tyler had recommended some Ukrainian woman wax it.

"Dev, it wouldn't be the first time I had a hairy ass in my face." Raymond stood and started undressing. Dev gazed Raymond's abs, arms and what looked like a nine inch cock. He definitely planned on worshipping that cock later.

Raymond got on all fours on the carpet and presented his perfect, ebony ass to Dev. He noticed there was a purple butt plug in there.

"You drove here with a butt plug back there? That's commitment," Dev marveled. 

"You're never fully dressed without a butt plug. Now get some lube. I've prepared the way, but I'll need it to take that monster."

Dev giddily raced up the stairs to get the lube like a track star. This was the happiest he had been in a while.

******* "You want me to fuck Andrew's son? What the fuck? I mean, I got the vibe that you and Andrew had fucked, but why would you want this?" Tyler asked looking at Nick like he was some weirdo who had worn jeans to a nice wedding. 

Nick looked at Tyler like he had just farted on a crowded elevator. "Because he broke my heart. He wouldn't leave that bitch of a wife for me. Amada has saggy titties and a brick face. Look at me! I'm hot! And I loved him more than she ever could. That wasn't enough for him. 'Nick, I took vows. And it would hurt my kid!' Coward. His son Evan is 18 years old and a senior in high school. Old enough to understand his dad loves dick." Nicks sighed. "I think Andrew just doesn't want to piss off his father. A very homophobic hedge fund manager. He doesn't want to risk getting disinherited. Choosing money over me. That beautiful moron. He has to suffer."

"Okay, so you want me to fuck Evan to hurt Andrew? Why would Andrew care? And how do you know Evan is gay or bi?"

"Because no fully straight man would stare at my crotch like Evan does what he visits his dad on set. And Andrew would care. And so would that cunt Amada. Evan has a girlfriend named Tiffany that he met a few months ago when we moved production here. Andrew and Amada are already dreaming of a big Catholic wedding. That dream will go up in flames when they catch darling Evan destroying your hole," Nick said laughing.

"Why do I have to be the bottom? I've topped before! And couldn't you just seduce Evan yourself? You don't have to outsource this."

Nick looked at Tyler like a simpleton. "I'm on TV. I can't be caught banging some 18 year old. Henry Cavill took some flack for that. And top or bottom, I don't care. Get the job done and I'll give you 100K. Do we have a deal?" Nick reached out his hand.

Tyler had some real reservations about getting involved in this Lifetime movie plot, but with that money, he could pay off his car and student loans and have a little nest egg left over. "Deal." And they shook on it. "How exactly I am going to get close enough to Evan to fuck him? I'm 23. I don't really hang out with high school seniors."

"The drama teacher Mrs. Fillmore just died. They need someone to fill in because the school is doing a production of Grease. None of the other faculty wants to do it. I know you played Link in Hairspray in high school, so you have a little theater background. Evan has already won the role of Danny, so you'll get to spend a lot of time together. The principal was thrilled when a star of a primetime show called him up and recommended someone to lead the production." 

"You already called? Man, you move fast. Meet a guy in the morning and decide you want him to revenge fuck your co-star's son and you already got him a gig babysitting the theater nerds."

"When I want something, I get it. When I don't, there's hell to pay. You remember that, Tyler." 

Tyler shivered. This man scared him a little. And turned him on. He got up off the couch. "Which high school is it?"

"Ashford High."

Tyler blanched. "Ashford High? My stepbrother teaches English there. Fuck my life..."

********* Dev worked the head of his lubed cock into Raymond's hole. He waited a second and fed him the first two inches. "Are you okay? Do you need a minute?" Dev was always concerned his size would hurt someone.

Raymond just laughed. "Give me more, Daddy. I want it all."

Dev's nostrils flared at being called Daddy. That was always a turn on for him. He worked more of himself into Raymond. 

Raymond moaned. "More!" And started throwing his ass back at Dev. 

Dev looked down at Raymond's gorgeous ass engulfing him. He wished he had his phone within arm's reach so he could take a picture and have it framed. It was breathtaking. He realized Raymond was the one fucking him right now and he should take control instead.

Dev reached around and gripped Raymond's big dick. It was heavily leaking pre-cum. "You hot little slut. Treating Daddy's cock like a dildo on a shower wall. I'm the one in charge." He thrust forward hard causing Raymond to give a happy yelp.

Raymond gripped the carpet as Dev railed him. "Yeah, give me that dick. Ahhhh. Fuck. I love it." The sounds of moans and Dev's pelvis smacking Raymond's ass filled the room. Drips of sweat of Dev's forehead fell onto Raymond's back. 

"And I uhhhh love this ass. It was made for my dick," Dev grunted as he hammered him.

The combination of Dev's skillful stroking and hitting his prostate was too much for Raymond. "I'm cumming! Oh, fuck! Dev!" Ropes of jizz hit the carpet. The last bit dripped down Dev's hand. 

Dev smirked proudly. Being called Daddy was nice, but a man calling out your name as he nutted was even better. Raymond's asshole clenching around him finally made him surrender to his orgasm and he started firing off a hot load in the glorious ass before him.

He turned his head as he heard the front door open. Tyler stood there horrified. 

"Dev, why are you fucking my asshole stepbrother?"

To be continued...