 One night after attending the Detroit Auto Show, I attended some hospitality suites, had some drinks and shrimp, and then headed out into the city, drinking and looking for action.

Not much happening around town it seemed. There were some hookers in the bars but I didn't want that.

About 1:30 I ended up at an adult bookstore in the black section of town, I paid the entrance fee, and went in to look around.

The book area was empty, but I paged through a few books, checking out the pictures of cocks and cunts, but mostly pictures of cocksucking.

I thought I was the only one in the store. I walked to the back where the peep show booths were. There was a tall black guy leaning against the main door. Tall, kind of thin, young maybe 27 or so. Kind of a good looking kid.

I walked past him and discovered there was one more black guy, standing by a booth, he was older but not bad looking and kind of thin too. As I walked in deeper, now I found another guy sitting in a booth. Again, mid 30's and built thin and good looking. 

He was playing with his cock, a nice one about 7 inches. I kind of caught my breath looking at it. My heart skipped a beat. He smiled and stroked it a few times. I know I blushed and then thought a few seconds and then I moved along to the two booths in the very back.

In the last booth there was an older black guy, maybe 50 sitting on the little bench playing with a large black cock. He was thin, his cock was semi hard and at least nine inches. It was mesmerizing! My heart skipped a beat.

My heart was just about jumping out of my chest. I looked at his cock, and then looked at him. He just smiled and waved his cock back and forth. He knew he had a fish hooked. A cocksucking fish.

I found myself mesmerized, submissively going to my knees and crawling back to his cock. I paused just staring at his cock. 

His hand went to the back of my head. He just pushed my head down onto his cock, my mouth opened, and his cock went into my mouth if I had no will of my own. I started sucking. I moved my head up and down and sucked on that cock for about 5 minutes. I was totally at his command to sucking that cock just for his pleasure. My cock was rock hard testifying to my own horniness and willingness to give myself to this man and his cock.

Then he started sliding his cock into and out of my throat, and just fucking my mouth until groaned and moaned and; he shot his load into my throat. I took my mouth off his cock choking and drooling spit and cum, but I felt amazingly turned on to this experience. I had been lost in the cocksucking experience. Totally caught up in being on my knees and sucking hard, black cock.

When I looked up the other guys were standing there, they had watched me suck off this one man and were stroking their cocks. The older guy took my head, knowing he owned it, and turned me around to face the first guy's cock. He pushed my head forward, my mouth opened. The next man took one step forward and put his cock into my mouth. I started sucking on that cock, sucking and mouthing it like a starving man, totally committed to pleasing his cock. The old man held my head as this next man fucked my mouth as if it was just a cunt, or a hold to give his cock pleasure.

Then as he began stroking in and out of my mouth driving his cock back into my throat he came, he continued to stroke his cock in my mouth squirt and spreading cum all around my mouth.

He removed his cock from my mouth and took control of my head and used it to make me knee walk until I was kneeling in front of the next man. He pushed me on to the next man's cock and then the next until I had sucked all of them off.

As I sat on my knees with the last one coming in my mouth I took my cock in my hand and jerked myself off. I shook, and moaned and wiggled. It was an amazing cum, I shot and quivered on my knees before these black men.

I walked out, kind of stumbled out, and the man at the bookstore counter gave me a smile like he knew of my debasement. I left the bookstore with drool and cum all over my chin and shirt.

I knew I would be back soon.