 A few years back I was working for a south Florida publishing company as an ad executive. I would meet a lot of out of town clients. When they come into town I try to make them feel at home. Usually it was taking him or her out to dinner or to a club. Believe me, a lot of stale nights were spent trying to work out a contract entertaining these people. 

This all changed when a gentleman from Michigan named Bill came in town. Wednesday evening I met his flight at the local airport and got to know him as we drove to his hotel. Bill was a man about 50 years old, six ft tall and maybe 180 lbs. He was very eager to tell me all about his business, the wife and kids. By the time we reached the hotel I felt as if I’ve known him for years.. 

That next day was spent showing Bill around the plant and introducing him to the executive board. After a few hours he pulled me aside and confessed that this was terribly boring, and that he had always wanted to go deep sea fishing. I told Bill that I used to be an avid fisherman, and that my brother had a 27” boat that we could take out. So, I called my brother to “reserve” the boat for the following day. Bill was thrilled at the chance. It would be his first time out in the ocean.

The next day we met at the pier at 6:00 a.m. and headed out. Bill had worn a nice polo shirt and a pair of white shorts. Way over dressed for fishing I thought. We found a spot over a reef and put in our lines. After only a couple of minutes Bill had caught his first grouper, then his second. After a few snappers he was looking tired and wanted to take a break from the heat. I suggested that he take a swim. He said he had seen the movie “Jaws”. I told Bill not to worry that sharks are afraid of us too and we both took a swim.

Coming out of the water Bill noticed he had ripped his shorts jumping in, probably on one of the cleats. Having some experience mending sails as a kid I offered to sew them. He happily slid them off saying his wife just bought them and she would shoot him if she knew he wore them fishing. As he handed them to me I saw that his briefs were still somewhat wet. I couldn’t help but notice the outline of his cock as he stretched out on the chaise. 

With his eyes closed working on his tan, Bill was oblivious to his surroundings and to me stealing a look at him. Soon he was asleep and I guessed he was dreaming because his briefs started to tent. “My god”, I thought, “this guy sure is hung.” (Later that day I learned his cock was 9.5”) I couldn’t stop myself from staring at it. Trying to keep my mind on the sewing didn’t help a bit. Bill moved a little, then again, and inevitably his cock slipped out the leg of his briefs and was now running down his right leg. Then as quickly as he fell asleep he woke up. I turned away from him before he saw me and realized his cock was hanging out. I was just whistling softly looking out to sea as if I hadn’t noticed him. I heard him ask how long he had been asleep. When I turned to face him to respond his cock was back inside the briefs. A “good recovery”, he must have thought. Bill said he was going for another swim to wake up, which gave me some time to finish sewing his shorts. A few minutes later I was done. 

As Bill came out of the water to dry off I couldn’t help but notice being soaking wet his briefs left absolutely nothing to the imagination. I could tell he was circumcised. I can’t believe I was getting excited thinking about his cock. Sure I had fantasies before, but never acted on them. 

The towel that Bill had fallen into the fish box so I went into the cabin for another. As I was climbing up the stairs Bill was at the top step wanting to come on down. Not really looking where I was going I almost walked right into his crotch. Stopping just short I was eye to eye with Bill’s half-hard transparent cock. Catching us both by surprise I leaned forward and kissed his cock through his briefs. Bill responded with a audible gasp, as I kept licking and kissing him. I was amazed how Bill’s cock grew another couple of inches. I then pulled down his briefs freeing him. His cock hit me under my chin. I still hadn’t touched it with my hands. Bill was now lightly brushing my hair was his left hand. To this day I don’t know why, but I told Bill that he had the best looking cock I had ever seen. His response was to lift it up to my lips. Using his cock he parted them and I tasted my first cock. I was hooked. I spent a while licking and kissing the head, then slowly working my way down his shaft inch by inch, up and down I went fighting a gag reflex until I could feel him at the back of my throat. I slowed down because my neck was beginning to strain. With that Bill began softly fucking my mouth, then picked up the pace. I felt his hard cock grow even larger, His cock felt so soft yet so hard and stiff. As he had a good rhythm going I could sense he was close and Bill asked me if I wanted his cum. I just softly moaned letting him piston his cock in and out of my mouth. Then it happened. He stiffened up and I began sucking like a mad man and he released, shooting jet after jet of cum soaking my throat, then pulled out and rubbed my face with his hard cock still pumping cum, then back into my mouth to finish cumming he eventually went soft in my mouth. 

Wow. What an experience. Needless to say that was the end of our fishing adventure. I followed him back to his hotel room where we showered and I sucked him off again. Bill did jack me off and taste my cum too, but did not want to suck my cock….Oh well…..