 They say everything comes in threes. You know the one superstition where if bad luck befalls someone, then it is more likely that a second and third string of unluckiness is sure to follow?

For Julian Berkowitz, it was his week for unlucky threes. First, he got fired from his job as a cosmetics sales rep at Lacey's department store after arguing with a customer about the quantity of free samples he was allowed to give. Second, he got evicted from his apartment after his thieving roommate stole three months of rent money forcing their landlord to boost him out of their home. Lastly, he caught his boyfriend of four years cheating on him with a coworker from his ex's job. Could this week get any worse?

Apparently it had. Financially destitute, homeless, and unemployed he ended up crashing at his best friend Zelma's place for the week hoping to figure out the next plan of action in his life.

Right now, he needed a job. Any job would suffice. Zelma made him offer but the position did not exactly meet his standards for good reason. It was as a make-up artist on a gay porn set.

"Okay Julian, here are the rules," she told him. The statuesque, African American twenty five year old beauty took her job seriously and Julian knew from experience she meant business. "I know this is really out of character for both of us but the money is really good as long as you do your job and not place judgments."

Julian inhaled. Sure, he was gay and watched a porn flick with his ex-boyfriend when they were still dating. Hell, he has even surfed adult sites on the internet but to actually be around a bunch of naked people having sex in front of a camera just gave him the willies! Face it. Julian Berkowitz was as prudish as they come.

Even his ex-boyfriend thought so. The twenty three old, slender, brown haired, brown eyed Julian refused to leave the lights on during sex. Their sex life was adventurous as watching paint drying. Julian was just so boring in bed; it resulted in the demise of their relationship. If sex seemed awkward for him, how was he going to function on a porn set? This was going to be a complete nightmare for him.

"Don't think about naked people having sex," explained Zelma. "Think of it as one big gay rave where you have a bunch folks completely uninhibited dancing to techno music."

"I think it is more like bad jazz music," he snickered. "Bow chica wow wow." Zelma shot him an angry look. "Okay, shutting up now."

"Yes Julian I realize this whole vibe is weird. I get it," she told him. "But these people are professionals at what they do. Plus, it is easy cash. They are offering $400 per performer we cover up in foundation. You cover the pimples on the asses of three guys and you get to go home with $1200! See easy money."

"Easy money..sure," he hesitated. "How do you not let it all get to your head?"

"Simple," Zelma laughed. "Think ca-ching ca-ching. When you have that in your pocket, it can buy you plenty of antidepressants. Plus, I get to ogle lots of nude hunks even if they are gay. What's not to love? Don't worry you'll be fine. If the director likes your work, they might book you on future productions."

"I see your point. Beggars can't be choosers. I did say I was desperate for money," said Julian. He inhaled another breath. "Okay, let's get through with this." He gathered his cosmetics case, opened the lid, and prepared to set everything out.

"That's my boy!" squealed Zelma. She gave him a pat on the back. "You'll be fine."

As he began organizing his brushes, color primers, and powders Julian could not help but notice how everyone was immersed in their own activities.

The lighting crew worked on extending power cables to various outlets. The sound board operators fiddled with various dials on their system while checking the overhead microphones to ensure they were in place. Carpenters and set designers put the finishing touches on the scenery of a bedroom set in a medieval castle by decorating it in a motif from the Middle Ages. From all appearances, the studio seemed liked a regular Hollywood movie. However Julian's illusions shattered the moment the male performers walked out on stage in nothing but their bathrobes.

"It's time to get them ready," said Zelma.

She instructed her guy to disrobe which he casually did turning his back toward them while she applied foundation to his bare ass. She gave Julian a signal with her eyes as the other performer assigned to him began to unknot his robe.

"Ummm...er...okay...just do you thing then," Julian managed to say.

His guy gave him a flirty wink causing Julian to blush but not before he took a mental note of the hunk. His porn performer was absolutely gorgeous! Tanned, blond hair, blue eyes, chiseled face, amazing chest combined with sculpted abs best described this man. Julian quickly wiped away all illicit thoughts especially the ones involving waving his junk in his face.

"Hey I haven't seen you in any of our sets," the male performer inquired in a deep voice. "You're new, right?"

"Uhhh...yeah. Just helping my friend Zelma here." he replied. The robe fell down around the performer's ankles. Julian then saw what laid hidden beneath the terrycloth.

"Names Rick Kadence," he introduced himself to Julian. Rick extended a hand to Julian who kept trying to avert his eyes away from Rick's package. Instead he shook his pinky.

The man was huge! We're talking having his own zip code for real estate. Julian considered using his cock as a billy club to beat his ex and new boyfriend with. He grabbed one of his make-up brushes from the table to apply foundation around Rick's midsection.

"Julian Berkowitz," he answered. "Please to meet you...um...could you move...your...uh...I need to apply powder to your thigh. It's in the way."

Rick happily obliged shifting his cock to the left while Julian tickled his skin with the cosmetics brush. Julian's face turned beet red each time the bristles touched Rick's thigh so he made sure to focus his eyes on his knee. Each time he needed to reapply more make-up to Rick, Zelma gave Julian a wicked smile flicking a profane tongue at him.

"I know I'm being straightforward here," said Rick. "Would you..."

A shriek interrupted the conversation. It came from the dressing room nearby as the door slammed open rattling the walls of the studio causing the microphone to crash on to the ground. A rat faced skinny male performer in a pink bathrobe stomped out with a short, balding man following right after him. The rest of the crew ran away from the rat face's incoming path as the performer flew into a frenzied rage.

"Uh-oh, the diva's here," warned Zelma. "Sounds like he's on his cycle again."

"Who is that?" asked Julian.

"Mick Angel, the star of this picture," answered Rick who quickly put on his bathrobe. "He is a complete prima donna. None of the guys want to work with him because he is such a queen bitch."

"Who is that bald guy he is talking to?" he asked.

"Harold Jacobs," explained Rick. "He's won every adult film award and the man who discovered Mick Angel. He is the man that directed all the great X-rated film classics like Good Will Humping, Pulp Friction, and Bone With the Wind. This one we're working on they say is supposed to be his next masterpiece."

"Porn has masterpieces? Who would have thunk?" Julian snorted.

Annoyed, Zelma slapped the back of his head making Rick laugh at the inside joke.

"THAT IS NOT WHAT WE AGREE UPON HAROLD!" screamed Mick. "I AM NOT DOING A DP SCENE! PLUS, I SAID I NEED TO GET PAID $5000 PER PERFORMER I WORK WITH. I'M DOING A FOURSOME! THAT MEANS ME AND THREE OTHER GUYS! THAT'S THREE DICKS! THREE DICKS TIMES $5000 IS $15,000! I SHOULD BE PAID $15,000!"

"But Mick baby..." began Harold. "You agreed to paid per scene. $10,000 for a DP scene is what we agree upon for this film! We're making another porn masterpiece! Rimlight is going to be immortalized as a classic!"

"FUCK YOU HAROLD!" Mick hissed. "IT IS $15,000 OR NO FILM AT ALL! AND I TOLD YOU NO DP SCENE! PLUS, THIS SCRIPT IS FUCKING STUPID! WHOEVER HEARD OF A LOVE TRIANGLE BETWEEN A HUMAN, VAMPIRE, AND WEREWOLF IN SOME SUPERNATURAL THREESOME?"

"But Mick, it's what your fans want," said Harold.

"FUCK MY FANS!" he shouted. "I'M A STAR! THEY FUCKING BUY WHATEVER I'M IN NO MATTER IF IT SUCKS LIKE THIS PIECE OF SHIT! NOW I'M GOING TO MY DRESSING ROOM SO UNLESS YOU RETHINK MY CONTRACT THIS MOVIE IS NOT GETTING MADE! NOW GET ME THE FUCKING MAKE-UP GIRL! I NEED A TOUCH UP!" Mick stomped back into his dressing room slamming the door once again behind him.

"What's a DP scene?" asked Julian once the commotion died down.

"Double penetration," said Rick. "It is when two dicks are used in the same hole."

"Is that even humanly possible?" asked a shocked Julian.

"Yeah," answered Rick. "If you know what you're doing..." "WHERE'S THAT FUCKING MAKE-UP GIRL!?!"

"I guess I better go in there and touch up Hurricane Mick," sighed Zelma carrying her cosmetics bag with her. "Julian, I'm sure Rick and you can entertain yourselves." 

She blew him a kiss before disappearing into Mick Angel's dressing room. Meanwhile, Harold Jacobs called everyone's attention.

"Everyone, there is has been slight delay with filming," he explained. "Let us break for lunch one hour and hopefully we can convince Mick to come out and shoot."

A series of grumbles could be heard among the crew as they exited the building. Harold Jacobs popped an aspirin in his mouth before leaving the set to get his bearings. Rick and two other male performers sat on the bed of the medieval looking set in their robes while Julian began to put away his make-up tools in his case. Being alone with these guys made him very uncomfortable.

"Hey Julian why don't you come over here and meet the cast?" Rick called to him patting the mattress.

Meeting porn actors was the last thing Julian wanted to do but his mother always told him to be polite. He closed the lid of his cosmetics case to slowly walk toward direction of Rich and the other porn hunks.

"Julian this is Jimmy Jameson," Rick pointed to the dark hair, green eyed hunk that equaled Rick on many levels.

Jimmy gave a friendly wave just as a grunt came from the other performer sitting behind him.

"Oh and that is Boris Russian which obviously explains his nationality. Sorry, he does not speak much English but he is awesome when it comes to his sex scenes."

"Da...you like Boris ya?" asked the tall Boris.

Boris Russian exuded masculine sex appeal by the short beard that he wore to the muscular hairy chest peeking out from his bathrobe. Julian face became flushed again.

"Awww, he's blushing," commented Jimmy. "He's embarrassed being around us porn stars. Well if you makes you feel any better, we won't bite unless you want us too."

Julian's heart began to beat faster. "Umm...er...I better go to lunch too."

He started to walk away but he felt a grip tighten on your shoulder. He turned around to see Rick holding on to his arm.

"Relax Julian we're all friends here," whispered Rick into his ear. "You're safe with us. Your ex-boyfriend was a fool to cheat on you."

His eyes widened. "How do you know about that?"

"Zelma is a good friend of ours so she asked a favor from us to help you forget all about that asshole ex of yours," said Jimmy. "You're a hot guy. You're in awesome shape. He just did not appreciate what he had."

"Oh come on now," clucked Julian. "You're just saying that to make me feel better."

Rick came up from behind him to pull up his t-shirt throwing it to the side of the bed. Julian felt his hands pinch his nipples caressing each nub before he pressed them inwardly into his areolas. A breathless moan escaped his lips at the same moment Rick pressed his mouth with his own finding the moist taste of Julian's tongue to wrestle with. Julian shut his eyes feeling the pressure of Rick's hard fingers pressing against his head pushing him toward such a virile presence.

In shock of his own submission, Julian drew back gasping for air with Rick's biceps tightening further into his own bare flesh. Another pair of nimble fingers undid his belt, pulled down his jeans and underwear down to his ankles before finding that flaccid part of him. Julian gazed down to see Jimmy and Boris down on their knees kissing, licking and sucking his sack before their tongues made their way up to the tip of his cock.

Jimmy went first allowing Julian's cock to disappear in his mouth before repeating the process over and over again. Being a team player, he shared his new toy with Boris who followed after Jimmy by consuming Julian's hard shaft allowing it to tease his lips every time he had a taste of him. Both Boris and Jimmy took turns playing with the young man's erection stroking the long spear with their tongues and fingers. Julian moaned in approval but found his words cut off by Rick who captured each enticing groan with an erotic kiss.

With clothes discarded, robes removed, the three porn stars carried Julian to the bed. Setting on him on all fours, Rick located the secret male opening from behind drawing a line of moistness from his perineum to the valley that surrounded Julian's entrance. Gripping the sheets of the bed hard, the cosmetics artist groaned at the sudden invasion lost in his pleasure as another tongue teased his sacred area by each of the men. Tongues were replaced with fingers. This time a lubricated digit inserted readying him for what was to come with each finger increased in number finally opening him up to the next phase of sexual play.

A tear of a condom wrapper grabbed his attention as he watched Rick slowly slid it on his enormous cock. Squirting more lubricant in his hand, he massaged the condom laced shaft with moisture before lying face up next to Julian. Rick head burrowed into the pillows as he pulled Julian close to him to give him an affectionate kiss.

"Go ahead take a ride," he told him.

"Rick...I'm not sure...if I can," Julian replied staring at the pointed arrow. "You're huge!"

"Trust me you can," reassured Rick. "Go slow and let it be pleasurable for you. You're in control."

Julian did as he instructed. Straddling Rick with his back facing him, he held the large shaft guiding it slowly inside him. Julian gasped at Rick's largeness but found that every inch opened him up fully as it filled him with such immeasurable pleasure that ached to be fulfilled.

"Shit...you're so tight..." panted Rick.

"More..." demanded Julian.

Lost in his own euphoria, Julian forgot about the other two. Jimmy kindly reminded him with a tender kiss and a stroke to Julian's hard cock. He too leaned in and whispered in his ear.

"Can it be my turn to fuck you next?" he purred.

Julian could not contain himself. "Better yet, why don't you join in?"

"You sure?" asked Jimmy with concern.

"Allow...me..." panted Julian.

Lubricating Jimmy's sheathed shaft, the brown haired man managed to glide him in as well. Now with two men servicing him, the sensations became much more intense with each thrust opening his sphincter and hitting his secret spot to the hilt. The fact that he could take on two large men made Julian feel alive, exhilarated, and free.

His ex-boyrfiend had no idea the animal that was unleashed. Primal. Passionate. Untamed. If Julian could engage in this act with two men, then he might be able to do it with three. He was about to find out.

"Come...here...Boris," Julian grunted.

"Da," answered the tall Russian.

Stroking Boris's cock, Julian teased his urethra with his tongue before swallowing the hunk down in one gulp. Boris cried out in pleasure at Julian's skills in approval.

Heated lights caused the men to perspire but even soaked sheets could not halt the intense pleasure they had been creating. The intensity of the situation was finally reaching its peak.

"WHAT THE...!?!"

A voice screeched from nearby but Julian ignored the hateful remarks concentrating only his own pleasure emitting from him and the other male porn stars. He could feel the climax building.

"STOP THAT! YOU'RE RUINING MY MOVIE! I'M THE STAR!"

"I'm...gonna...cum..." Rick called out beneath him.

"Me..too!" groaned Jimmy and Boris in unison.

Julian felt all three of the hard shafts withdrawing from his orifices. The sound of rubber being tugged and snapped got his attention at the moment he felt his orgasm building finally releasing in unison with the others.

"AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

The last thing Julian saw was stream of white splashing across the bed hitting a rat faced individual wearing a pink robe in the face and into his eyes.

"I GOT CUM IN MY EYE! IT BURNS! IT BURNS!" wailed Mick Angel running to his dressing room to remove the jizz on his face.

Cuddling in the afterglow next to Rick, Jimmy, and Boris, Julian Berkowitz could not believe how much of an exhibitionist he had become. A pair of camera lights blinded him as he got up off the bed of tangled limbs.

"AND CUT!" shouted Harold Jacobs. Julian observed two cameramen put down the cameras. "That is a wrap. I'm so glad we got that DP sex scene on camera. It was erotic and beautiful. Rimlight is going to be a blockbuster!"

"Wait a minute," interrupted Julian. "You were filming me have sex?"

"Of course," said Harold. "I got lucky that you were having an erotic moment during lunch. Double penetration. It was natural. Sexy, passionate, and beautiful."

"But I'm not a porn star," Julian pointed out.

"Not yet," said Harold. "You are going to be my new erotic muse. If you can have sex like that in that foursome, then you have the makings to be X-rated performer."

"I don't know about this," Julian hesitated.

"Just say yes," Zelma jumped in. "You could be rich and famous. I can be your agent and negotiate your salary fee...at a 20% commission of course. Plus, you get to hook up with hot guys and stick it to your ex at the same time."

"Gee, I don't know," he said.

"I'll offer you $15,000 for this film if you do," said Harold.

"$20,000 plus a percentage of the merchandising and film rights," corrected Zelma.

"Deal," responded Harold. "What do you say Julian Berkowitz?"

"Deal!" smiled Julian. "Except let's drop Berkowitz. Let's use my middle name as a porn name?"

"What's your middle name?" asked Zelma

"Christian."

Harold Jacobs clapped his hands in joy. "Julian Christian! A porn star is born!"

End.