 The silence was thick as Justin stood there before Bill. He could smell the cologne Bill was wearing. The scent excited him, and filled his mind with images of passionate sex. He wondered what kind of mess he'd gotten himself into. The man standing before him appeared to him to be in his 40's. His short blonde hair was uncombed but looked good that way. His complexion was pale compared to Justin's, it looked as though Bill spent most of his time indoors. His brown eyes roamed over Justin's body undressing him in his mind. Bill's white long sleeved shirt bulged slightly towards his waist with the few extra pounds Bill carried around with him. The stylish black belt with a silver buckle wrapped the waist of the black dress slacks covering Bill's cock which was becoming harder has he observed. 

"Come on kid, I don't have all day." Bill put his right hand on his crotch and stroked the fabric which covered his hardening dick.

"I don't know, I've never done this before." Justin said still trying to figure out what he was going to do. Even though this guy was a stranger, it excited him that a man he'd just met would want to suck his dick.

Bill's hand slid off Justin's shoulder slowly and softly headed towards Justin's crotch. His finger tips paused and rubbed Justin's left nipple in a circular motion around it and over it. The touch sent a chill of excitement through Justin's body which involuntarily convulsed. His cock stirred in his underwear as though it had a mind of its own. Bill's finger tips continued downwards rubbing over Justin's firm belly. Having found Justin's belt, Bill began to undo it while looking into Justin's glazed over eyes. 

Justin stood there while Bill unsnapped the waist snap of his brother's khaki pants. When his pants were unsnapped, they fell to the floor as did the shirt Justin had been holding in his hand. The head of his erect cock was now peeking out the waist band of his white shorts.

"I can't believe this is happening," Justin said softly out loud as though it was a whisper to himself.

Since Justin hadn't resisted thus far, Bill reached into Justin's underwear and firmly gripped Justin's throbbing dick. He stroked it a few times with his thumb on the top of the dick shaft and his fingers wrapped around the bottom, "Feels good doesn't it?" The motion of his hand caused Justin's underwear to creep lower off his waist. Holding Justin's dick in his hand, he steered Justin around so he had room to kneel before him.

Bill let go of Justin's cock which snapped back towards his body from the force of the elastic band now at the middle of his cock shaft. He then kneeled in front of Justin studying the beautiful young cock only inches from his mouth. The dick head flared slightly around the crown. The cap held a seep of pre-cum that glistened there at the opening where the sweet cum would escape in spurts. Bill licked his lips, his mouth watered and filled with spit in anticipation of swallowing that shaft deep into this throat.

Justin stood feeling trapped in the situation, yet longed for the touch of Bill's lips on his dick. He flexed his dick to make it move on its own to a more comfortable position. About that time, Bill peeled Justin's underwear down to his ankles. With his underwear and pants bunched around his ankles, he felt as though his legs were shackled and his feet glued to the floor. 

Now that Justin's cock was freed from the confines of his underwear, it bobbed up and down a few times, then pointed slightly upwards fully erect with more pre-cum trickling down the underside of his cock head. Bill gripped the base of Justin's cock with his thumb and fore fingers and guided it into his open mouth. Bill obviously had done this before as he immediately deep throated the full length of Justin's 7 inch cock. Justin felt the throat cavity engulf his dick head and caress it. As Bill's head pulled away, he felt his tongue fondle the bottom of his dick shaft. This routine continued for awhile as Bill's fingers also gripped and stroked Justin's cock.

Justin stood there with his hands at his sides watching Bill satisfy his sexual desires using Justin's dick as the means of that satisfaction. He then closed his eyes and had a vision of Marty sucking his cock. As an escape from the situation, he fantasized that it was Marty kneeling before him, it was Marty who's mouth devoured his throbbing cock. With these images going through his mind, and his eyes still closed, he took hold of Bill's head and started fucking his mouth with an ever increasing pace until his balls ached for release and the climax built up to the point where release was the only alternative. 

Bill didn't expect Justin's sudden push towards climax, but didn't fight it either. Instead, his mouth and tongue engaged Justin's cock more fully. Was it hours, minutes or seconds? They were both lost in the timelessness of lustfulness, so deeply engrossed in the act that the world around them ceased to exist.

Justin pulled his dick out of Bill's mouth as his climax found it's release. He sprayed spurt after spurt of hot come onto Bills face until he was finally spent. He opened his eyes to see Bill's face covered and dripping with his cum, some of which dripped down onto Bill's expensive white shirt and onto the carpeting. Bill milked the last drops of cum from Justin's cock into his open mouth with one hand and wiped the cum out of his eyes with his other hand. He then got up and went round to the drawers of his desk where he pulled out a towel which he used to wipe off his face.

While Bill busied himself with removing the cum from his face and shirt, Justin pulled up his underwear positioning his softened cock so that it rested to the right above his balls. Then pulled up his pants.

Bill dropped the towel back into the still open drawer, "Now, that wasn't so bad was it?" He sat back down in his chair and watched Justin finish dressing.

Justin didn't look up from buttoning his shirt and didn't say anything.

Bill opened the top middle drawer of his desk, removed a business card which he tossed on top of the desk towards Justin. "Tell them, Bill sent you." He paused, "I'll give them a call to let them know to expect you."

Justin picked up the card, looked at it, then pulled his wallet out of his rear pocket and placed the card into it. "So, what now?" He finally looked at Bill, "What do I do now?" He returned his wallet to his pocket, then sat down.

Bill picked up the folder containing Justin's information forms, opened it and looked them over again. "Let me see here," He continued reviewing the forms then said, "I need to schedule some time with one of our photographers who will do your head shot and composite photography." He picked up his phone, pressed a couple of numbers on the keypad and waited for an answer. "Brent, when is the time slot available to do Justin's photo shoot?" Bill looked at Justin as he waited for Brent's reply on the other end of the phone. "Okay, just a second," He lowered the phone handset, "There are a few openings available next Wednesday, either in the morning or late afternoon." He paused, "Can you come by on Wednesday?"

"Yeah, late afternoon would probably be best for me." Justin was thumbing through the literature Bill had given him earlier.

"Brent, he's available Wednesday afternoon, book him for the 4:00 slot will ya?" Pause, "Great, thanks." He hung up the phone.

"Okay, you're all set for Wednesday, at 4:00 p.m." He scooted towards the desk, leaned forward and rested his forearms with hands clasped on the desk top. "You'll need to pay the $100.00 shoot deposit then." He continued, "Bring 4 changes of clothes, each for a different character type shot. Like for instance, a suit, maybe some swim wear or athletic wear, business casual wear and maybe some grungy clothing." He smiled, "The idea is to show a wide range of character types so our clients have something to look at when deciding who to use for their shoots."

"Okay," Justin looked up from the literature towards Bill.

"But the first thing you'll need to do is get a phone," Bill continued, "Without it, we can't contact you. If we can't contact you, you're no good to us."

"Okay. Where do I have to go for the head shots photo shoot?"

"We have a studio here where we do in-house shoots." He paused for a moment, "Stop by my office when you arrive." He winked and smiled at Justin.

"Is this going to be something you expect of me every time I come here?"

Bill knew what he was referring to, "I don't know," he paused, "Maybe, depends on if I find some other dick that tastes better than yours"

"I only let you suck my cock because I really need the job and money," Justin looked at Bill sternly, "I don't want to be your cock whore."

"Dues got to be paid," He grins, "If you want to work, you got to pay your dues."

Justin quickly replied, "Yeah, well, I may pay those dues, but don't think I'm liking it."

Bill looked at him without expression, "No one said you have to like it. But you better get use to it." he laughed, "I may want to suck your cock again, but other's may want more from you."

Justin got up, "Are we through here?" He looked at his watch, "My Mom is alone at home, and I need to be getting home to make sure she's okay."

"Get that phone today if possible, then call Brent to give him your number." Bill also got up, "I look forward to seeing you again on Wednesday." He looked down at Justin's crotch, then laughed.

With that, Justin stepped around the chair he'd been sitting in then left the office. Upon entering the reception desk area, he saw a blonde haired guy about his same age sitting in one of the waiting room chairs filling out a form. The guy looked up as Justin passed Brent's desk and headed for the door. He nodded and smiled at Justin who smiled in return. 

As Justin past the guy, before leaving he said, "You're gonna pay your dues." 

The guy looked at him with a puzzled look on his face.