 The three story red brick building looked old, but was fairly well kept. Manicured shrubs were trimmed to just below the first row of windows along the front face of the hotel. The main entrance had a large covered porch where you could drive up and drop off your luggage then turn your keys over to an attendant who would park your car for you. The attendant was a young white guy, probably in his early twenties, sitting on a chair reading a news paper. He was dressed in a uniform type suit and wore a chauffeur type cap. As Justin and Clark approached, he lowered the news paper for just long enough to check them out, then went back to his reading. The automatic doors slid open as they neared the doorway. They stepped into the lobby where the guest registry desk was on their left. An attractive young woman stood behind the counter busily typing away on the computer keyboard before her. The place smelled strongly of cigar and cigarette smoke. The wall opposite the reception desk had a huge framed painting of a pastoral field covered with yellow flowers and rimmed by trees. Below the billowy white clouds, the sky was filled with butterflies, some of which looked like they were about to fly right out of the painting. Below the painting was a sofa table with fresh cut flowers in crystal vases. An over stuffed sofa was placed just in front of that with a coffee table in front of the sofa where magazines and news papers were available for those interested in viewing them. On each side of the sofa were matching end tables with matching brass lamps, and beside them facing the ends of the coffee table were over stuffed chairs that matched the sofa. At the center of the back wall was an elevator.

Justin stepped up to the counter where the young woman greeted him with a smile, "Good afternoon, how may I help you?" She looked at Justin then at Clark who stood to Justin's right.

"Could you direct us to room 69 please?"

"Sure, use the elevator to go up one floor. Room 69 is down the hallway to your right near the end of the hallway on your left." She pointed to the elevator.

Justin said "Thanks." as they walked away from the counter and towards the elevator. Clark pressed the up button next to the elevator door. They stood there looking around while they waited for the elevator to arrive. Neither said anything. The doors opened to the elevator so they stepped in and pressed the 1 button which was just above a button labeled "Lobby."

When the doors opened again, they stepped out of the elevator then headed in the direction the receptionist had told them. They looked at the numbers on the doors and found room 69 to be the last room on the left.

Justin knocked on the door lightly with his knuckles. A moment later, the door was opened by a casually dressed man with dark short uncombed hair who was in need of a shave. "Yeah?"

"I'm Justin Justice and this is Clark," Justin paused for a moment looking at Clark who chimed in, "Clark Henderson." Justin resumed, "We were told to be here at around noon for a modeling job."

The guy opened the door further, stepped back and allowed them to enter, "Come on in." He beckoned for them to enter.

Just inside the door on the left was the open door to a large bathroom. On their right behind the opened door they just entered through was a closet with two sliding doors. As they stepped past the entry way area they found themselves in a large room crowded with equipment. A king sized bed centered on the wall to their left was surrounded by the video production equipment. At the foot of the bed and to each side were cameras on camera dollies along with lighting fixtures with reflective foils positioned to light the bed area. Each camera had a camera man who was busy doing stuff with the camera while a couple of other people were adjusting the lighting. There were also a couple of boom mike stands with arms just below the ceiling which extended over the bed area.

"Follow me," the dark haired guy said to them as he led the way to a door which opened to the adjoining room. They followed watching their steps to avoid tripping over the cords all over the floor.

The next room appeared to be more of a normal hotel room except that a desk replaced the dresser. On the large wooden desk were several different types of hand held still shot cameras and a small video camera. Along with make up trays and other grooming tools. Leaning over and reviewing a story board was a heavy set nearly bald man who had an unlit cigar in his mouth which he chewed on.

"Mel, these guys are the talent for the shoot today." He pointed towards Justin and Clark.

"Ah yes! The pretty boy cock suckers." Mel took the cigar out of his mouth and placed it on an empty ash tray next to the story board. "Come here, don't be shy for Christ's sake." He commanded.

Both Justin and Clark stiffly stepped closer to Mel looking first at him then the other guy, then back to Mel again.

"So, I guess you know my name now," he grinned, "This here is Carl, he's the director." Mel pointed at Carl who smiled. "And, I'm the producer of this project." He continued, "So you boys want to be in the movies huh?"

"Sure, why not?" Clark spoke first.

"Have you boys done anything like this before?"

"You mean, been in the movies or had sex with another guy?" Clark asked.

Mel laughed out loud, his belly jiggled with his laughter. He finally said, "Yes to both."

Justin spoke up, "Neither of us have been in a movie before, but we both have had sex with another guy before."

Clark cleared his throat as he looked at Justin, "Well, sir, that's not exactly true for me, I mean about the movies." He grinned sheepishly.

They all waited for him to continue. "Well, you see, in High School I was in the drama club and one of the other guys in the club suggested we make a porn movie. He had a video camera and stuff, so him and me and this other guy made a stupid little video of each of us jacking off and coming on a picture of our school principle. We never showed it to anyone, but I still have a copy of it hidden away at home."

"Okay, well, that's a start." Mel picked up one of the digital camera sitting on the desk, took off the lense cap and turned it on. "You," He pointed at Clark, "go stand over there beside the bed."

Clark did as he was told.

Mel held the camera up to his eye and gave directions to Clark telling him to stand this way, turn right, turn left, smile, that sort of thing, all the while clicking off pictures. As he continued, he told Clark to take off his shirt, then undo his pants and zipper so his white shorts were showing. He had Clark do various suggestive poses while he continued to click away pictures. Clark was starting to get a hard on when Mel told him to drop his pants. His hard dick stood stiff within his shorts and to the left. Mel zoomed in on his crotch area and told him to fondle his hard dick, so Clark did as he was told, rubbing and caressing his cock on the outside of his underwear.

Mel then told him to pull his shorts down just a little bit so the tip of his cock was just barely peaking out from behind the waistband. He continued to click away pictures as he continued to give further instructions which eventually led to Clark being completely naked except for his wrist watch and the gold necklace around his neck.

All the while, both Justin and Carl watched quietly behind Mel who moved around to get various angles to his picture taking. Clark wanted to cum, but Mel told him to save it for later. Having come so close to climax, it wasn't easy for Clark to stop there, but he did. His cock ached for release but he didn't touch it until it finally began to get soft again. Being soft it still dribbled pre-cum which glistened at the end of his dick.

"Not bad, I think I got some good shots there." Mel put down that camera and picked up a different camera, then continued, "Okay, son," he looked over at Justin, "Your turn, go over there where your friend was standing."

Clark gathered up his clothing which were scattered on the floor. Justin stood there waiting for Mel's instructions. When Clark moved out of the way, Mel started clicking pictures much the same has he'd done with Clark, but this time, he had Justin strip down to his underwear right away. He had Justin lay on is back on the bed spread covered king sized bed. He took pictures of Justin from various angles and he told him to roll over, stick his butt in the air, put his hand inside his shorts, poke his dick head out the leg band of the jockey type underwear. He had Justin lay back on his back again with his legs wide spread and his hand holding his dick inside the shorts. Mel clicked away taking pictures as he continued all the while to give Justin instructions on what to do. Justin complied with every instruction. He loved the feel of his dick in his hand, and realized that it really turned him on to have an audience to his sexual play. So he really got into the whole process.

Mel had Justin pull down the waist of his underwear so his balls and cock were sticking out. Justin's beautiful hard dick stood out straight as he followed Mel's instructions to press the skin at the base of his dick so it made his hard dick stick straight up. Mel moved around the bed clicking pictures and zoomed in on Justin's pre-cum oozing cock. The juice dribbled down the underside of the head of his dick. When his hand came into contact with the clear juice, it made a thin glistening thread which broke when his hand moved away from his hard dick. When Mel was satisfied with the pictures he'd taken, he told Justin to put his clothes back on. Clark was still standing naked holding his clothes in his arms. He had a hard on from watching Justin perform before Mel's camera.

Mel looked over at Clark who was mesmerized while watching Justin. He then walked over to Clark and mussed his hair, "You can put your clothes back on too son." 

Clark snapped out of his dazed state, "Oh, heh, okay."