 Carl was waiting near the back of the center camera wearing a headset that also had a small microphone attached to it. He motioned for them to come over to him and they did, stepping over the cords as they approached. "Here's the deal, I will be getting directions from the control room where the director is, and I will pass those instructions on to the crew and you as necessary. To start with, I want you two to go over to that door over there," He pointed to the door they'd come through from the room where Mel had been. Carl continued his instructions, "I will say, quite on the set, then hold up my fingers like this as a quiet count down to zero." He held up his right hand with his fingers outstretched, palm facing them then one after the other, folded his fingers into his palm making a loose fist. When he had only his index finger still extended he pointed it at them. "When I do like that, when I point at you, we will be rolling, and that's when I want you to start walking to the edge of the bed on this side." He stopped and looked at them to get an acknowledgment that they understood what he wanted. They both nodded their understanding without saying a word.

"For sake of time, lets do a run through of just that part without the cameras rolling, a practice run." He paused, "Get into your positions over by the door and we will try this and see how it goes."

With that, they both went back over to the closed door and stood just in front of it. They looked over at Carl who said, "Quite on the set." in a firm commanding voice. Then he made the fingered gestures he'd just shown them. When he pointed at them, they walked stiffly like robots over to the edge of the bed and stopped, looking at Carl all the while.

"Cut!" Carl called out. "For Christ's sake!" He was irritated, "Act natural, and don't look over at me all the time. As a matter of fact, don't look at me at all except at the first cue." Carl muttered to himself, "Fuck! These morons have no idea about acting." He regained his composure, "Lets try that again. Pretend that none of these cameras are here, that you are all alone entering your bedroom with your friend. Relax, and lets try one more time." He paused again, "Okay, back to your starting marks."

They both went back to before the closed door. Once again, Carl went through his routine. This time they did much better, they looked at each other and headed for the side of the bed more naturally. Rather than stopping there, like they'd done before, Justin turned Clark towards him standing close enough so their bodies touched. He pulled Clark towards himself and passionately began to kiss him. Clark embraced Justin and was drawn into the moment, holding him, kissing him, feeling the lust build within himself.

"Cut!" Carl called out in a loud voice. "Now, that's more like it." pause, "get back to your starting marks and we will roll this time."

Justin lingered holding Clark for a moment, and so did Clark as though they didn't want that moment to end, looking deeply into each others eyes. In that moment, a deep bond was formed, where their souls met in mutual love. It was as though a light had gone on in a dark room and they had actually seen each other for the very first time.

"Hey, get back to your marks!" Carl was impatiently waiting.

They snapped out of their "moment" and returned to their marks before the closed door. When next Carl gave them their cue, it was as though they were all alone, in their bedroom. They did move over to the edge of the bed where they once again held each other in a loving and passion filled embrace. Their lips parted and their tongues danced with each other in which stirred them deeper into the passion of the moment. As they continued, Carl's voice could be heard in the back ground giving them instructions as to what to do next, it was sort of magical, in that even without his guidance, they would have done that anyway. They peeled off each others clothes one after the other, touching and rubbing each other between the undressing process. The undressing was like a choreographed dance with a flow to it that added to the excitement being captured on the film. The dance wasn't over when they were completely naked, rubbing each other's bodies, erect dicks rubbing against each other while their tongues rubbed against each other in similar fashion. They stood in this embrace just next to the bed, their clothes strewn on the floor at their bare feet and shifted their positions so that they slowly swirled around with first Justin's lean smooth back and round butt cheek facing the cameras, Clark's hands occasionally caressing them and pulling him closer, then Clark's lean rear view was in the camera's view as Justin's hands embraced Clark's back and rubbed up and down to his firm butt, squeezing the cheeks slightly in his hands.

The next moment, they had fallen back onto the bed with Justin on his back, Justin straddled Clark with his legs parted, then locked around the back of Clark's legs for a while before they rolled over on their sides. When they were both laying side by side on the bed, they paused for a moment, holding each other, looking deeply into each other's eyes. "I love you." came softly out of Clark's lips. 

The emotions for the ecstasy of love and the depths of sorrow are so similar, it is like balancing on a razor's edge, on the one side is supreme joy and the other supreme pain. The tears of joy are indistinguishable from those of sorrow and being in that place can be maddening, being torn between the two extremes at the same time. So it was with Justin in that moment. The joy of the moment was at the same time filled with the sorrow and pain of his lost past. Tears began to run down his cheeks, and he cried while holding Clark in his embrace. Clark kissed away the tears as they streamed from Justin's eyes. His left hand went down to Justin's erect dick and held it, stroked it, cherishing the feel of Justin's manhood. Clark had to let go of Justin's throbbing dick as Justin began to kiss first Clark's lips, then his chin, then his neck and on down he went until he was kissing the tip of Clark's oozing cock head. Clark laid on his back, his thick dick being held at the base in Justin's loving embrace. Justin kissed his dick head and made love to it, tonguing the cap of it, then caressing it with his lips. His tears wet the pubic hair and his hand while he continued his love play. He kissed, then licked the bottom of the shaft down to the balls where he took one, then the other into his mouth, all the while softly stroking Clark's manhood. Clark's hands came down and stroked Justin's soft hair, his fingers lingered and parted the strands of it while Justin continued the sensual exploration of Clark's private parts. 

Justin's tongue licked the sensitive skin below Clark's ball sack, then found the butt hole. His nostrils were filled with the smell of Clark's perspiration and butt hole. His tongue probed the puckered entrance and entered it slightly. Clark moaned in pleasure at the sensation of it all, and squirmed repositioning himself to allow greater access. With that, Justin licked the index finger of his right hand, thoroughly wetting it in preparation for penetrating that orifice. He repositioned himself so that while his finger began to slowly penetrate Clark's ass, he was able to open mouth kiss Clark's mouth. Their tongues met and danced while Justin's finger entered and withdrew from Clark's ass.

"Fuck me." Clark said pleadingly to Justin once their lips had parted. Justin looked away from Clark for a moment, looking for some lubricant. He awoke to the fact that the cameras where rolling and that all of this was being watched and recorded by those in the room. It was quiet and dark outside the lite bed area, so all he could see where the forms behind the cameras and their reflection in one of the camera lenses.

Someone, hidden on the back side of the bed, rolled a tube of lubricant onto the bed. Justin popped the cap open and applied some of the content to his hard throbbing dick. He stroked his dick several times spreading the slick substance over his entire dick. Then he positioned himself so that Clark's legs were over his shoulders and his dick was ready for entry. He took some of the lubricant and applied it to his finger and Clark's butt hole. He probed it a few times with his finger before finally touching his dick head to the tight hole entrance. He pressed forward slowly and softly so that just the tip of his hard dick began to penetrate Clark. Clark's sphincter relaxed and welcomed Justin into him. He moaned in pleasure with his eyes closed as Justin pressed forward, embedding more of his beautiful dick into Clark's anal cavity. He penetrated a bit, then with drew. With every penetration, he went a bit further in until his pubic hair met Clark's butt. Fully embedded within Clark's anal cavity, Justin swivelled around a bit so that his dick moved slightly within the tight confines, searching for that sweet spot that would send Clark into an ecstatic orgasm. He knew he'd found the spot when Clark's body shuddered and Clark moaned, "Oh yes, that's it. Fuck me my love, fuck me." Clark took his own hard dick into his hand and stroked it in time with Justin's ever increasing tempo of penetration. He occasionally leaned forward and kissed Clark's lips. Clark opened is eyes to see that the tears on Justin's cheeks had dried, his beautiful blue eyes captured him and held his gaze while Justin continued to pound his butt. 

Carl's dim voice, somewhere out there beyond this dream said, "Don't cum inside of him, pull out before you do, so we can see you shoot your load."

No sooner had he said that then Justin released his dick from the confines of Clark's ass and immediately sprayed his load onto Clark's chest, arm and hand. He took his hard dick into his hand and stroked it more until he was totally spent. He rubbed the final drop of his cum from the head of his dick onto the moist opening that moments before held his dick so tightly. 

Clark was stroking his dick rapidly, moaning with pleasure, his butt tightened and he thrust his body forward slightly as he approached climax. Justin positioned his face over Clark's hard cock with his mouth open so he could receive the eruptions of cum. The first spurt missed his mouth hitting his cheek, then the following several spurts landed squarely on the back of his tongue. Clark's cum quickly filled Justin's mouth and dribbled back out onto his groin area. Justin licked his lips and captured as much as he could so as not to loose the love juice. He savored the taste and swallowed it. Once Clark had stopped stroking his dick, Justin licked the final drops of cum from the dick head, then with the cum still on his tongue, kissed Clark sharing the cum on his tongue with Clark in that open mouth kiss. So, it was that Clark tasted his own cum for the first time, mixed with Justin's love.

Clark lowered his legs from over Justin's shoulders so that they once again laid side by side on the bed. They laid there staring into each other's eyes. Justin finally softly spoke, "I love you too."

"Cut!" Carl called out loudly.