 He could have just told her the truth at some time during the day. Oliver would never keep a secret from his girlfriend, but with this one in particular, it would definitely change the way she looked at him. And worse, she would never want to see him again. Oliver didn't want to lose her. Laura had been his girlfriend since the first day of twelfth grade. They stayed together even with the few troubled times that they experienced in their relationship. But Oliver's secret lasted a little longer. No one else knew about it. He never revealed the truth to his friends, family, and teachers. And as a result, his mixed feelings toward his main objective stayed the same.

On this calm and cool Friday afternoon, the last bell rang and everyone couldn't wait to leave the campus. Oliver decided to stay, however. The eighteen-year-old student sent Laura a single text message, telling her to meet him at the front entrance of the high school. When he saw her, she had a big smile on her face. She gave him a kiss and asked what he wanted. Oliver tried to keep his composure. He stood straight and cleared his throat. But he had trouble telling her the truth. He almost stumbled when he said a few words. Laura started to look a little confused. Oliver immediately gave up and told her that he simply forgot what he wanted to say.

Fortunately, Laura laughed it off and thought nothing of it. She told him that she would be spending the rest of the afternoon with her older sister. The two of them said their goodbyes and separated. Oliver watched her join and disappear in the nonstop horde of students leaving the campus. Oliver sighed. He still didn't feel right. He knew that he would be honest with her, but he didn't know if she would truly understand why he had such a fascination. He clenched his fist. He felt so frustrated. He only wished that everyone he knew would at least tolerate his fixations toward the same sex.

He left the campus and began to walk home. He had to calm himself after such a silent but tiresome quarrel with his current mental state. He decided to play some rock music on his smartphone. But before he could even plug in his headphones, his smartphone started to vibrate. He had just received a text message. He looked to see that it was from Laura's own mother. Oliver had been introduced to Simone a few months ago. The forty-two-year-old woman had just become the mayor of West Covina last year. She seemed nice and intellectual overall. She had grown to admire him as much as Laura did. Now, Oliver began to wonder what she wanted. Even if it had nothing to do with certain activities in West Covina, or anywhere else in Southern California, he still wanted to know.

He read the text message. Simone wanted to see her at her house right away. Oliver asked her about it. But her next text message only provided some basic information. She just wanted to see him at her house so they could have a very important meeting. She didn't specify anything about it. Now, Oliver had grown curious. He already knew where both mother and daughter lived. He had visited the house several times. He decided not to go straight home and changed directions. It would only be a fifteen-minute walk, so he didn't have to hurry. He had already forgotten the blunder with his girlfriend.

As soon as he reached the two-story house, situated in the middle of an affluent neighborhood, he rang the doorbell and waited for Simone to open the front door. The brief silence that followed made him feel a little anxious. He could only think of what she had to say to him. The front door opened, and he smiled at the mayor. Simone was a beautiful woman. She had the look of a queen with a divine right to rule, who had big plans for her territory in the near-future. Her professional outfit, most appropriate for her workplace, suited her very well.

Oliver asked, "So why am I here?"

Simone smiled. "Step inside and you'll see."

She let him in. He followed her in the living room. The curtains remained closed with the lamps left on.

Oliver sat on the couch. The closed curtains seemed like a questionable choice. It made him feel like Simone was about to tell him a deep dark secret.

She sat down beside him. "Do you know why you're here?"

Oliver shrugged his shoulders. "I really have no idea. You just told me to come here."

"And it's a good thing I did."

"What do you want to talk about?"

Simone's smile never left her face. "I want you to tell me the truth."

Oliver began to feel a little uncomfortable. He didn't want to believe that she would discover the truth about his secret obsession all this time.

And yet, she asked, "Do you remember the last time you visited?"

"Yeah, three days ago. Don't worry. Laura and I didn't do anything dirty, if that's what you're worried about."

Simone chuckled. "Oh, that's not what I'm thinking about. You see, I'm thinking about the time you went into my room and took something out of my nightstand when Laura went to get something from the store."

Oliver's eyes widened. His entire body began to shiver.

Simone must have struck a chord, because she continued on. "I saw everything. You thought you would get away with it, but I saw you. I came home early and saw you in my room using that dildo. I saw you putting that thing in your mouth and enjoying it. I didn't say anything. I just let you have your fun."

"But...how did you keep quiet?"

"You kept the door partially open. I hid behind it and watched as you take it all in. I have to admit, you looked like an expert when putting that plastic cock in your mouth."

Oliver felt so ashamed. He tried hard not to panic as he said, "I'm really sorry. I didn't mean to."

Simone drew closer. "Oh, be honest with me. You did it because you wanted it to happen in real life. You want some cock, don't you?"

Oliver closed his eyes for a moment. "Yes...yes, I do."

Simone began to caress his blond hair with her gentle fingers. "You're the kind of person that can't wait to have a cock down your throat. Or better, up your ass."

Oliver sighed. "Please don't tell me that Laura knows about this, too."

"Don't worry. She doesn't know anything."

"Thank goodness. I don't want to lose her, but I also want to tell her the truth."

Simone gave a soft chuckle. "Your secret is safe with me."

She stood up from the sofa. "Follow me upstairs."

Oliver asked, "Why? What's going to happen?"

"You'll see."

She grabbed his hand and led him upstairs. The two of them entered the master bedroom. Seeing such a familiar setting didn't do much to ease Oliver's anxiety. He took deeper breaths as he anticipated some sort of surprise from Simone.

The woman sat him down on the edge of her bed. "Stay here. I want you to meet some new people."

"Who?"

Simone stood near the open entryway and motioned at someone outside with her hand. Oliver could do nothing but wait who it would be. And suddenly, he held his breath. Three young Native-American men entered the bedroom. Oliver had never seen them before. They must have been the same age as him, if not slightly older. All of them were naked with their erections completely visible. All of them had long black hair on their heads and healthy rugged exteriors all around their bodies. Oliver, with his eyes wide open, couldn't help but feel shocked by this unexpected appearance.

Simone proclaimed, "I'd like you to meet Ian, Robert, and Herman. They will give you what you want."

Oliver noticed the fierce determination on the naked men's faces. He could see that they wanted to dominate him. And he yearned for the exact same thing.

"Oh, my God. I'm so glad that I'm here."

Simone sat down on her bed. "Ian, Robert, Herman, help him."

The three naked men brought him up and began to take off his clothes for him. Oliver just stood still as every single one of his apparel had been flung to the side. Now, he joined them as another young man who stood naked in Simone's bedroom. He could do nothing but look down at the dark-colored cocks ready for use.

Simone crossed her legs. "Go ahead, Oliver. Be yourself."

Her soothing tone of voice made him stop the suppressing of his true feelings. He got down on his knees as the Ian, Robert, and Herman surrounded him. Their cocks were just inches away from him. He trembled at the sight of them. He looked at Simone, who kept her innocuous smile on her face.

She whispered, "Don't fight. Just take it. Your good luck starts here."

The three men just took one step closer. Now, all three tips touched Oliver on the neck and shoulders. He gasped with delight. This never happened to him before. The thick warm touch of each tip kept him from fighting against the feelings that he always bottled up inside him. With each cock sliding against his skin, they made him moan like a young man unable to control himself. He finally grabbed hold of the one in front of him and gave it a kiss. He began to lick it with delicate force. The taste for human skin never felt so invigorating.

He could hear Simone say, "Well, Ian, it looks like he's ready for it."

Oliver looked up to see the one named Ian give a rather sinister smile.

He whispered, "Open wide."

Oliver obeyed. He opened his mouth and could only watch as Ian thrust his long hard cock deep inside his mouth. Reality settled in, and it arrived in the form of fellatio. Oliver could feel it sliding in and out of him. Meanwhile, the other two dicks from each side of him pointed directly at him. He knew what to do. He grabbed Robert and Herman's cocks and began to caress both of them at the same time. Now, he dealt with three of them: one on the left, one on the right, and one right in front of him. He never showed any resistance. He continued stroking both dark cocks while never attempting to bite down on the one in his mouth.

Despite all three men surrounding him, Oliver could see Simone still sitting on the edge of her bed. She kept smiling this entire time. She would certainly be the type of woman who would enjoy watching her civilians obeying her commands without hesitation.

Ian kept his thrusts nice and slow. But then, his slow acceleration made it clear that he would never bring this operation to a halt. Oliver kept stroking Robert and Herman's cocks and waited for Ian to demonstrate the power of his own load.

Simone remarked, "Yes, keep going. Don't stop, Oliver. Show me that you have a love for cocks."

Oliver closed his eyes for a moment. He felt like he had just discovered the ultimate utopia. With three Native-American dicks fully erect for his pleasure, he forgot about his troubles and went along with what Simone wanted to see.

Ian grabbed Oliver's blond hair and made his forward propulsion as quick as possible. Oliver almost choked when the tip reached the bottom of his throat, but he regained an optimistic attitude when Ian growled with anticipation.

"Oh, here it comes."

Suddenly, everything happened almost in an instant. First, Ian blew his load right inside Oliver's mouth. The person below could feel the warm spurts entering and flooding his mouth. Then, Robert and Herman experienced their own version of a literal outburst. Their thick ounces shot out of their tips and landed right on Oliver's chest and shoulders. Oliver shivered. He was the prey for three Native-American predators, and he relished the status of his own self.

Ian pulled out of him. Oliver had already swallowed most of it, but some of it had already spilled out of him. He had to take a deep breath. The three men still circled around him.

Oliver looked up and licked his lips. "It's pretty tasty."

Simone laughed. It already became clear that she was entertained by the performance of her daughter's boyfriend.

"Oh, you must be an expert."

Oliver chuckled. "No, not really. But I'm willing to be one."

Suddenly, the three young men surrounding him brought him back up. Oliver knew that he would have to be ready for another storm. They forced him on the bed right next to Simone. She just watched with glee as they set him down and never allowed him to escape. They grabbed his arms and legs. Oliver waited for it, even if he still felt nervous at the incoming projectiles.

Ian whispered, "Here's a triple threat just for you."

Oliver was about to ask, but he failed to say anything. He watched as Ian shoved his entire cock right inside his tight hole. Oliver gasped. With the entire dick shoved inside him, it was a dream come true.

But it didn't stop there. Robert also shoved his own cock right inside. Oliver squeezed his eyes shut. This time, he started to feel a little pain from down below. And then, Herman followed their methods by sticking his own cock inside. Oliver couldn't believe it. He had three hard cocks inside his ass at the same time.

"Oh, fuck!"

Ian, Robert, Herman started moving their hips simultaneously. With three cocks deep inside him, Oliver found it to be an astonishing experience. The three men made his asshole expand thanks to the sheer size of their instruments. He grabbed hold of the blanket. He gritted his teeth. He took deeper breaths. He moaned like a helpless victim. His body grew warmer owing to the incredible force of this infiltration.

Simone tried to calm him down by leaning down and kissing him on the forehead. "Don't fight it. It gets better."

Oliver desperately waited for that moment. It did hurt, but it also did wonders to his psyche. The sting from within grew worse, but seeing as how the three dicks hit the right marks, it also managed to provide some more mental ecstasy that Oliver had yearned for.

He tried to speak through the pain and pleasure. "Oh...it hurts...but I want more of it!"

Simone caressed his hair again. "It looks like that I didn't disappoint."

Ian, Robert, and Herman didn't stop their powerful thrusts. They even gained more momentum as they rammed their prey with their ravenous cocks. Every time they struck him hard, Oliver let out a loud whimper. His entire body moved to the motions of his conquerors. He could feel a drop of sweat forming on his forehead. He gazed at Simone, who didn't stop smiling. Her smile alone managed to give him the motivation to keep moving forward. He lay still and let the trio have their fun with him.

The triple threat went on for the next several minutes. The pain and the pleasure became a perfect combination in Oliver's body and mind. It did hurt, but it also made him hunger for it without questioning.

He could hear Ian cry out, "Fuck, yes! This is it!"

Their final thrusts made Oliver scream. The eruptions were made official. Both dark cocks made their marks inside Oliver's expanded hole. The pain was still excruciating, but the pleasure that arose form it kept it as a perfect balance.

They finally let go of Oliver, who slid off the bed and collapsed on the floor. The three predators looked down on their prey with nothing but satisfaction. Oliver couldn't move. He could feel the thick warm cum spilling out of his ass and forming a small puddle on the carpet. The entire performance left him in an exhaustive state.

Simone finally stood up. "Well, it's time for you all to clean yourself up."

The three visitors left the master bedroom without saying another word. They left Oliver lying naked and drenched on the floor. The eighteen-year-old prey let out a long sigh. Many amounts of semen had stuck to his skin. He now had the appearance of today's entertainment lasting longer than it possible could.

Simone towered over him and examined his fragile appearance. "You look so incredible. Those three men did wonders to your body."

Despite his exhaustion, Oliver still had the strength to give an honest reply. "Yeah, I have to admit that it did feel great."

She grabbed his arms and brought him up from the floor. She gave him a kiss on the forehead. "Don't feel ashamed. Your secret will be safe with me. All you have to do is visit me and wait when I choose who will fuck you hard. And don't worry. I'll be watching the entire time. It'll be fun for both of us."

"But what about Laura?"

"I do believe that she would never understand your other personal preference. I am the only one who will. Stay with her, and I will give you exactly what you want."

Oliver smiled and said, "I'm so glad that you understand me."