 The dogs in the cargo space of the SUV were barking as the wife backed out of the driveway, the first segment of a weeklong trip to her mother's home in Oklahoma City. I waved goodbye as the Suburban disappeared around the corner, slipped the little blue Viagra pill under my tongue, and turned to walk back to the house. 

After waiting about 15 minutes, anxious all the while, I decided she was on the road and wouldn't be dropping back to pick up a forgotten package or missing suitcase. I got down to my briefs, picked up the telephone, and called good neighbor Ed. 

"Hey, cutie!" I forgot he had caller ID.

"Hey Ed," I said. "She's gone. Come on over."

"Whatever makes you happy, cutie," he said. "How's my Horsedick?"

It made me smile whenever he called me that. I'm nothing special, but my cock gets real thick when it gets hard, and Ed loves it. It throbbed when he called me that.

"Horny as hell. Hurry."

It was more Ed than Viagra right now, but I could feel my cock getting warm. Just then, I heard the back gate open and close. That would be Ed.

Ed lives across the alley, in an old 4-flat apartment building that attracted workers at the nearby hospital. He was about 5-10, black hair with blue eyes, and a sweet cock with a big fat head made for kissing.

We had met about 6 months earlier at a neighborhood party. We started talking around the food table, and before the evening was over he showed me how a real man sucks cock. It was the hottest sex I had ever had. The next week, in his bedroom, I sucked his cock for the first time. He came real hard, big thick gobs of cream, and I can still taste his warm cum on my lips.

I had a full hardon by the time I pulled him into my arms. I held Ed tight, my arms around his waist and my hands on his ass as I kissed him. Long and hard, our tongues dueling.

I pulled down his shorts to get at his ass. They slide down and he kicked them off. Ed took off his shirt as I pulled off my briefs. My cock was stiff, and popped free as I pulled the cotton briefs down and off. Ed was naked, with that beautiful cock that slightly curves to a big thick head.

I laid down on the bed, and pulled Ed next to me. We held each other close as my cock rubbed against his. Ed stroked us, two man meats in his right hand. I was so stiff I was not a gentleman, I have to admit.

I turned Ed onto his back and knelt between his legs as I kissed him on the lips, then the neck, down to his nipples and slowly smooched lower and lower until my beard tickled his cockshaft. I played with his cock, jacking him off slowly and kissing the thick red head.

"Fuck me," he said. "Fuck me with your big horse dick, Horsedick!"

I pulled his cock out of my mouth. "Not yet." I put his cock back into my mouth.

I pushed down until my soft beard caressed his big round balls. Back, slowly, then down hard, back slowly, smooching and licking and frenchkissing his cock. Stroking fast when holding his cockhead in my mouth, now engulfing it with my lips at the base.

His cock was long and hot, slick with my spit and his precum. He tasted salty, and his sweat mingled with the smell of his cock.

We kissed as I stroked his wet cock, my thumb playing on his cock. 

"Cum in my mouth baby," I asked him between smooches. "Please."

He pushed my face away and growled, "Suck my cock, Horsedick."

I put his hot meat into my mouth and began sucking like a $2 whore. I was on the upstroke when he groaned and crammed his cock into my mouth while pushing my face into his pecker.

First one big glob of cream shot out, then spurts of cum. Sweet and salty, and hot.

We kissed as I continued playing with his wet cock that was slowly becoming soft. 

"Thanks sweetie. Thanks for the big cum," I said.

Ed didn't say anything, but turned on his belly to show me his beautiful ass. Round and firm. He wiggled it and I kissed it, maybe even a little bite or two to taste its firmness.

"Fuck me," he said. Ed put his knees under him and raised his ass so I could see it good. I fingered his asshole, and lube it up with some of his own cum. He rotated his hips in tune with my fingering.

I got behind him, resting my cock on his ass, rubbing it on his ass. He reached around and placed the head right on his little knot of muscle. 

I felt so thick and heavy that I was worried it would hurt him. 

"Fuck me!"

So I slowly pushed my cockhead in as he sucked in his breath. Then I rammed my cock as far as I could into him, and grabbed his hips with both hands. I pulled him into my cock as I thrust harder, and deeper. He rotated his hips as he met my thrusts, and pushed back as I tried to pull out for even harder plunges. Ed squeezed my cock with his ass, milking it. The bed banged against the wall, BamBamBamBam.

Suddenly, my cock felt like it grew 2 inches as I came. Ed squeezed my cock with his trained ass, holding it as I bucked and fucked and pushed it in as far and as deep as possible. I kissed his neck, his back and his ass and then back again.

"Shower time!" he said. 

We smooched and held each other like two newlyweds in the shower, as we cleaned cocks with warm soapy water.

But that's another story, for another time.