 Our neighborhood is rural but there are a number of well-to-do families scattered about. The reason I mention that is that people frequently associate rural with a bunch of hillbillies. Not so here. The family next door is a mom with a master's degree in finance with a teen-age boy and two much younger daughters. Her husband died in a commercial plane crash several years earlier and a sharp lawyer did his stuff and she is now set for life financially. I'm certain she'd rather have her hubby back than the money but since that is impossible she is comfortable knowing she won't have to worry about where the next meal is coming from.

The boy, Bobbie, is nineteen and skinny as a rail. He would never be described as good looking but he does have a nice personality. I'm Jim and a forty seven-year old bisexual and the kid can turn me on when I see him working around his yard. He's cute and has a nice ass. So far he looks to me for the guidance a father would normally provide. I have taught him: the art of hitting a pitched baseball, hitting a decent drive on the golf course, skiing and fishing for the bass in our nearby lakes among a ton of other little things. However, he does hang all over me when I am near him and that both turns me on and off.

I love camping and there is a great spot a couple of hours from where we live. It is right by a rather large lake holding some wonderful bass. I thought of inviting the boy on a camping/fishing overnighter and perhaps see if anything else would come of it. I asked him if he would like to go and he jumped at the chance. His mom also approved so we were set. It took as three hours on Saturday morning to get there and we found a super spot. It was close to the lake and the next nearest campsite was more than a quarter mile away.

He had the tent pitched and the fire started when I was getting the rest of the campsite cleared off. 

"Hey Bob, get the campfire ready for some kind of cooking. We are going to need to be able to hang or rest our pots on something while they are cooking."

"Sure Jim. The stew pot has a hanging bail and I can rig up something to hang it from over the fire.'

We were sitting around just staring at the fire when I asked him if he was getting any.

"What do you mean getting any?" He replied.

"I mean pussy your idiot What else would it be?"

He started down at his feet and mumbled something that I took to be a no.

"Do you date?"

"Not really. Girls don't like me and I am nervous around them."

"So all you do is jack off?"

"Yeah, and not much of that either."

"Why not, when I was your age I was either after pussy or beating my meat big time."

"I'm kind of small there. It's hard for me to grab it."

"Really, how small?"

"Aw, I don't know. A lot smaller that what I saw on the guys in the locker room at school"

"Take it out and let's see."

He mumbled something and finally reached in his jeans and fished out a cock that couldn't have been more than an inch soft. Whew, he did have a problem.

"How big are you Jim?"

"Well, take a look." As I fished it out. I am about seven and a half inches hard and about four and a half soft so there was a significant difference between us.

"Wow, you are huge. Does it get much bigger when you are hard?"

"What don't you put a hand over her on it and stroke it a bit to see what you can get it to do?"

"Aw, I couldn't do that."

"Why not Bobbie? C'mon help me out." I asked.

I reached over and led his hand to let it rest on my lap atop my still soft cock. He started to stroke it very lightly with just a couple of fingers and it began to come to life. I sure didn't want any immediate response for fear it would scare him off.

"I think it is starting to get hard." He said.

"You have magic hands Bob. Keep going and you will have it rock hard in a few minutes."

It didn't take much more and it was standing straight out. "Stroke it hard now Bob."

I thought I was going to have to give him some more encouragement but he didn't need any. He was stroking away as well as I could have ever hoped for. His eyes hadn't left the head of it and he was flushed and licking his lips. I didn't think I would be lucky enough to get him to use his mouth on the first time we were this close but there was always the chance.

"Bob, stroke me harder and perhaps a little faster."

That was all it took. He was beating my meat as only a first timer could do. His head was flailing around as his hand went a little crazy. I could feel the heat coming from deep inside of me and knew it wouldn't take much more before I was unloading.

"Bob, do you want me to shoot in your hands or on the ground? If we knew each other better I would let you take it in your mouth."

"Oh, are you going to shoot your stuff soon?"

Just as he said that the first stream came pouring out of me. I turned slightly and it and the rest of my load was soon shooting all over the ground between us. 

"Oh my God. I had never seen anything like that before. When I jack off I shoot just a little bit."

"Well, I have you to thank. You really made me feel good." I praised him.

"C'mere and lay your head on my shoulder Bob. You are a great young man. Did you enjoy doing that for me?"

"Jim, I don't know what to say but I did. Does that make me queer?"

"Hell, don't worry about words. If you enjoyed making someone you like feel good there isn't anything else to concern yourself about. Certainly not some stupid handles like 'queer' or 'gay'. We're friends and that's all there is to it."

"I guess. What did you mean back there when you said if we knew each other better you would let me take you in my mouth?"

"Well, I'm not really sure just how much you care about making me feel good. Taking me in your mouth would be the best for me. It would feel fantastic and if you ever care enough I'll let you do it."

He mumbled something I couldn't understand.

"Bob, the fire is dwindling. Why don't you grab a flashlight and we can go for a walk and gather some firewood along the way?"

We must have walked a mile or so before turning back and were dragging a couple of sacks of decent looking wood for the fire with us. 

I placed a few decent size logs on the side of it and then placed a few smaller ones over the top. A few more pieces a bit later and we would be set for the night.

We sat around chatting about a ton of things for hours as the fire first flared up and then settled down to some mesmerizing small flames. I thought I would push my luck with Bob again.

"Bob, c'mere again. My cock is starting to get hard. It must be thinking of how you made it feel a while ago."

We both laughed but he came closer and just looked down on it. "Use your hand again Bob. You know just how to get me going."

He was stroking slow and easy almost before I got those words out. Again, his eyes were on the head of it and he was licking his lips again and I wasn't sure if that was the sign I was hoping for.

I could feel the beginnings of something deep inside of me and I thought I would try my luck and reached over and put a hand on the back of his head. I started to pull him down to it ever so slowly. He gave no resistance until he as about an inch away from the tip of it.

"Jim, I don't think I can do that for you."

"Bob, just try it a little. Open your lips and let the head in and see how much you like the taste of me. I think you will really enjoy it."

I resumed the pressure on his neck and sure enough he opened his mouth but he only let it in a little. While he wouldn't let it in any further he at least kept on stroking.

"Bob, that feels terrific. How about letting it in your mouth as far as you can? 

Once again he only let the very tip of the head in his mouth but no more.

He must have felt my cock pulsing and he asked if I was going to come. When I replied that it was very close he aimed the head of my cock over to the ground between us. This stream was no where near as much as the earlier ones but he watched every drop hit the ground. 

"Bob, that was great. Why don't you slide up here and we can talk?"

I pulled him up close to me and leaned over and gave him a long soul searching kiss.

"Oh God, Jim. You make me feel so good. No one else does that."

"Well, Jim, my boy. I will as long as you take care of my needs. What about it?"

"Oh you can be sure of that." As he cuddled even closer.

I'm hoping that as time went on I'd be able to get him to do more. 

We hit the tent an hour or so later and I pulled him over to my pallet and just hugged him all night. He snuggled back at me as hard as possible. This boy needs some affection.

We had a few more get togethers over the next several months but I was unable to get him to take my cock in his mouth. He would let the very tip of the head in but no more as he jacked me off. This was getting frustrating as hell. 

Finally I thought it would give it an all out effort and asked him if he would like to spend some time up in a fishing camp with some other guys and me. He jumped at the chance. You guessed it. There were no other guys, just he and I.

We fished that afternoon and I had a small fire going in the outdoor grill to cook up some of our catch. When dinner was over we both just sat on a blanket looking at the lake and I pulled him over to me and had my cock out for him to handle. He sure knows what to do with it and had me ready to come in a few minutes. 

"Whoa, Bob. Slow down, I don't want to come that fast. Besides, I want you to take me in your mouth this time. Not just the very tip of it but all the way."

"Geez Jim, I don't think I want to do that."

That was it. I figured I better bring this to a head right now. I stood and jammed my now softening cock back in my pants and said, 

"OK, Bob. Enough is enough. You tell me you want to please me any way you can but when I ask you to do something special for me you refuse. That's it. Find another guy for a friend. We're leaving now."

I was cleaning up the campsite when I looked over at him and he had his head between his knees and I could see his back moving up and down. The kid was sobbing.

"OK, what's up with you now?"

"Jim, I care for you more than I can even say. I don't want to find anyone else. Sit back down and I'll try my best to please you that way."

I let my cock back out of my pants and sat beside him. He came over and started to stroke it tentatively. I put my hand lightly on the back of his head and put the very slightest of pressure on his neck downward to the head of my cock. With his stroking he had it rock hard again and his mouth was just barely touching the head of it. "That's it Bob, open you mouth and let it in."

I could feel the warmth of his mouth creep up the shaft of my cock as he let more and more in. All of a sudden he gagged and I said, 

"Hold on Bob, that's as much as you can handle. Don't let it in any further than that. Just start bobbing right there as if your mouth is jacking me off."

He didn't need any more instruction than that. As I felt the rush starting deep inside of me I was faced with the question of whether I would shoot in his mouth or not. Hell, I'm going for it.

He must have felt the pulsing on the underside of my cock for he started to jack that part of my shaft not in his mouth. That was it. I shot a super large load in his sweet virgin mouth. 

"Go Bob, swallow it down. Take my juices deep inside of you."

He was swallowing and gulping at the same time he was still jacking me and I swear he got more come out of my cock than it ever let go of before. It must have been because I was excited about having a blowjob from a virgin. He stayed right on it for some time after the last drop left me and than let it slip out of his mouth and looked up at me. "Did I do it right Jim?"

"You did it perfect Bob. I am getting to like you more every time we are together."

"Damn, that makes me so happy.' He said. This young man is starved for attention. I wonder why his mother isn't giving it to him. 

"Do you want me to do anything else for you?" he asked with his big eyes just pleading for closeness.

"Not right now Bob. Perhaps later tonight."

Nothing else happened that night and we slept like babies. Fishing was good the next day but he decided he would rather have pizza than fish for dinner so we drove in the pizza parlor in the nearby town. 

When we got back from the pizza place I started a nice little fire in firepit we had scraped together. I opened one of the bottles of wine I had brought and we sat there just talking about the day and what great fishing we had enjoyed and sipping the wine. We threw back the fish knowing we were going to go back into town for the Pizza but we had caught some great fish.

"Bob, let's hit the sack. I've got something else I want you to do for me tonight."

He looked a little ashen as if he was scared to death of what was coming.

My tent is really the size that could be used by six guys but I love it for the room it affords. It would be way too heavy and cumbersome for backpacking but great when you have a car for transporting it. We had two summer-weight sleeping bags and had them on top of some extra firm foam pads. I hate to feel any stones poking at me during the night.

I stripped naked and told Bob to do the same. He stacked his clothes over in one wing of the tent and then came back over to where we would be sleeping. I could see him fine with the flickering flames of the campfire shining through the screening and I reached up and pulled him down to me. As soon as he was line beside me I reached over and held him tight and then started to kiss him deeply. He responded by clamping his arms around me. My cock was getting harder by the minute and I threw my hips at him so there wasn't any doubt what I would be expecting from him.

We stayed like that for quite some time. Kissing and cuddling. "Jim, turn over. I want to cuddle against your rear."

He did and we were soon spooning tightly. My cock was lying up against my belly and I reached down and pushed it down so it could go between his legs and up against the crack of his ass. Once I was in that position I just held him close. He moved his head over his shoulder and turned for me to kiss him again. I did and was holding his hips while pulling them back against my stomach.

"Jim, I told you earlier I was going to want you to do something extra for me tonight. I want to put my cock up your ass and fuck it like a pussy."

"Oh GOD, Jim, your cock is so big you would split me wide open doing that."

"Bob, that's not true. Your ass will open up to accommodate my cock. Trust me. I have done this before with another fellow. It will hurt a little when we start but it will stop after we get going."

"Geez, I dunno."

I'm going to put a bunch of lube on my cock and your ass and we are going to try it. Just shut your mouth. It's going to happen. Do you understand?"

"Yes."

"You got it. But if it hurts too much I'll stop."

I lubed up my fingers and first inserted one and then two and finally three. He tossed his ass around a lot when I put the three in him but he quieted down rather fast. I then opened the cheeks of his ass with my fingers and positioned my cock in line with his asshole. I pushed, but his asshole retreated from the pressure. I held his hips tight when I gave the next push and my cock slipped in him a few inches.

"Whew, that hurts a lot Jim."

"Bob, you are doing great. We'll wait a bit before continuing." As I was saying that I kept up a little pressure and slipped in an inch more while I was speaking.

"Bob, I am going in a little more right now." And I slipped in until I had more than five inches in with only a few more to go.

I started to thrust in and out and he was moaning much like a gal getting fucked for the first time. I was going very slowly and with every few thrusts I went in a little more. After a few minutes I was in all the way and fucking that tight tender little ass as gently as I could.

"Bob, I am in you all the way and I know you are enjoying it. I can feel you throwing your ass back at me as I am thrusting in and out of you."

""Jim, I know you like it and I am trying to make it feel better for you."

I was then holding his hips and slipping it in and out of him as tenderly as I could when I pulled out of him and told him to roll over on his back. As soon as he was I moved between his legs and lifted them up on my shoulders and once again thrust my cock deep in his ass. He grunted big time but lifted his hips to give me a clearer shot all the way in. He reached up and pulled me down to his face saying, "Jim, please kiss me." I did and he had his arms around my neck clamping me tightly.

"OK Bob, I am going to start some serious fucking so get ready." As I was saying this I looked down and he was jacking himself off. His cock was so small all he could do was to grab it between his thumb and index and middle fingers. He was stroking away as fast as he could

With that I started to ram my cock as hard and as deep as I could get it. I could feel his sphincter muscles tightening on my shaft and it felt terrific. 

"Jim, go easy." He pleaded.

"Easy hell, I am going to fuck your ass hard you little bitch. You wanted to be my bitch ... didn't you?"

"How did you know?" He asked.

"I just knew by the way you looked at me. Lay there and take it sweet thing. Your ass is mine tonight. I might even do this a few more times before dawn."

"Fuck me Jim. Fuck me."

Oh did I ever. I would bring myself almost to an orgasm and then stop dead waiting for the pressure to subside before starting again. I must have done that ten times before I finely let go.

"Bobbie girl, here it comes. I am shooting some sweet white-hot come deep inside your cunt of an asshole. You can thank me for fucking you."

"Oh God Jim, I can feel it shooting way up inside of me. Keep going, Please."

I kept it in him until I felt every last drop drain out of me. I then let it slip out of him and announced I was going in for a swim to wash off and he might want to join me to get the grease off him. I grabbed a bar of soap and a couple of towels and led him to the waters edge. I knew it was going to feel colder than hell and I didn't want to prolong the agony so I took a few steps in up to my knees and then just crouched down. I was holding the bar of soap in one hand and when I stood up I walked back to the edge and began soaping myself from the waist down. When I finished I tossed the soap to him and turned and crouched back under to get the soap off. He was doing the same thing. I scrambled up on the shore and grabbed one of the towels and got back as close to the fire as I could while I dried off. I was colder than hell but the heat from the fire felt terrific. Bob was only a few seconds behind me and while he was drying off I went into the tent and grabbed a jacket to put on while I was warming up again. When Bob got up to the fire his small dick had shrunk almost inside of him with the cold. It was all I could do to keep from laughing. 

We finished the bottle of wine and opened another before going back in the tent for the night. He wanted to cuddle close but I wanted to spread out and that upset him. 

"Sure, you get me to do what you want and then you just turn your back on me."

"That's not it at all Bob, I need to spread out when I am sleeping. I'll reach over and grab you later during the night. OK?" 

Sometime near morning I did exactly what I had promised him. We were both still naked and I reached over and pulled him to me. He moaned a little but didn't seem to awaken. His back was to me and I was already hard so I thought I would ream his tight little ass again. I spit on my hand and then wiped it on my cock and opened his cheeks with my fingers and pushed the head of my cock to his tiny puckered asshole. I gave a decent push and my head was in.
