 Disclaimer:

The following story may contain erotic situations between consenting adults. If it is illegal for you to read this please leave now.

Any resemblance between the characters and any real life person is completely coincidental.

Please feel free to send any feedback or comments through the writing journal or you can send it directly to the link below. 

*****

Large things come in small packages! 

This had Bills credo ever since making this discovery in college with a speech professor that he met in private. The professor was small in stature but his package was huge. Bill vividly remembered the moment when his professor unzipped his fly and fished out his very large, beefy cock for Bill to service. At that moment Bill knew what he wanted and most likely where to find it.

And so began the quest of Bill to find men who were vertically challenged!

Bill met Lee online in one of those all male chat rooms and they hit it off immediately. Lee described himself as short, but a solid 5’5 and 175 dominant male. Bill wondered if he found the shorter partner that he was hoping for? He was also wondering if his new buddy suffered for “small man’s syndrome”, that Napoleon thing which caused some short men to be a bit nasty.

Now and than you do meet someone in one of those rooms who seems to be a great match for you, someone that you really enjoy chatting to.

Bill felt just that way now, he liked Lee and hoped that they would hook up someday. But after exchanging fantasies Lee emailed a picture of his best asset to Bill and asked if Bill wanted to meet later that morning to suck his cock. 

“Well that was a question that an Alpha male would ask”, Bill thought. 

As Bill sat at home in front of his computer he looked at the picture of Lee and he absolutely wanted to suck his new friends cock if indeed that was really his picture. 

They decided to meet at Lee's home at about noon.

As Bill drove into this very nice neighborhood he found the address that he was given and parked his car. He walked up the path and rang the doorbell hoping that this was the right home. Lee answered the door and smiled, he invited him in. 

The smaller man led his tall friend to his living room and sat him on the couch; he saw no reason to chat. Each knew what the other wanted and they wasted no time acting on their desires.

"I've always found that shorter men are very hung and I love that", said Bill

Lee laughed, "I won't disappoint you, that's a promise".

As they walked into the living room Bill realized it looked just as his friend described it, dark but warm. The fire in the hearth provided additional lighting, and gave a warm glow to the room. The music playing had a soothing sound that relaxed Bill. It was a perfect setting to relax and enjoy 

Bill sat on the couch while Lee, his new friend, went right to work opening the belt on his trousers. He quickly removed the belt from the belt loops and let it hit the floor. In such a quiet room the belt hitting the floor made Bill jump, he was nervous.


Lee undid his pants button and unzipped his fly and stepped out of his trousers, he was now only wearing his boxers. By putting a thumb inside each side of his boxers he nudged them down to his feet and stepped out. He noticed that Bill was staring at his cock as it hung in front of his face it only semi hard and shaved.

"Well my theory is still true, I love your size", said Bill.

"I'm happy for you, now make me happy and suck my fat cock", said Lee.

Before Lee started to unbutton his shirt he took his cock in his hand and fed it to the man sitting on his couch. Bill opened his mouth and accepted the wonderful cock that was in front of him feeling it cross his lips and the heaviness of it as it rested on his tongue. Bill slowly moved his head back and forth to lubricate this very thick cock. He licked the very thick head of this cock while slowly using his tongue to encircle the head trying to enjoy each taste and inhaling the smell of his smaller friends very large cock. 

Bill thought of his new buddy, “He isn’t tall but his cock must have never stopped growing”!

This cock had to be all of 8 inches and straight as an arrow with a nice thick shaft. The balls hung underneath the shaft very low, begging to be sucked.

Bill new that anything over 6 inches would need to be deep throated and he looked forward to doing just that. Over time Bill learned how to let a partner enter his throat and he loved it. As he looked at his buddies cock he knew that this was his lucky day.

Lee casually unbuttoned his shirt to reveal a nice tight stomach and a strong chest. Lee appeared to be in his early 50’s and clearly spent time in the gym.

Lee took Bills hands and put them on his own chest as he arched his lower body forward to feed more of his powerful cock into his friend’s mouth. 

“I want you to take your time and slowly suck my cock for me, I’m in no rush and I really want you to enjoy yourself,” said Lee.

Bill started right in by slowly taking his friends shaft into his mouth and using his lips to drag and milk his new toy.

"Swallow me honey, take it all down to the balls", said Lee.

Without the use of his hands Bill was unable to control the action and depth of this very large cock that was driving deeply into his mouth, he loved not having control.

Lee took his cock out of his buddy’s mouth and started to jerk off slowly while Bill watched in awe of this cock.

“Lay on the floor by the fire place for me”, Lee said. “I want to lay my balls in your mouth while I jerk off for a while, be sure to lick and suck my balls like it’s your last meal. I want you to suck my balls while I jerk off, it will give me a larger load when I cum”.

Bill stood up and removed his shirt before lying down on the floor by the fireplace.

“Can I run my hands on your body while I do this”, asked Bill. 

“I love how tight your ass looks and I’d love to rub it while I suck your balls”

“That will be fine”, said Lee.

Lee straddled Bills face with both of his muscular thighs and presented his balls to Bill’s mouth. As the got into position Bill was surprised how fat Lees balls were, the looked like 2 walnuts in front of his nose, he sucked one into his mouth and ran his tongue over it.

Bill thought how sexy this must look. He was on his back with a smaller man with a great body straddling his face as he sucked his balls while the man slowly stroked his very large cock.

“Suck hard, put both of them in your mouth and suck both honey” Lee demanded.

Bill love being the bitch for him, Lee calling him honey suited him fine.

“Hold my ass cheeks honey, rub them for me” said lee.

“I’m starting to get very hot here honey, keep sucking my balls like that and I will drown you in cum after you suck my cock” Lee said with a deep voice.

“I want you back here at least once a week to suck my balls, do you want the job” asked Lee?

“Yes”, was all that Bill could say. He was taken by how intense Lee was and the way that he took charge in their time together.

Lee took his saliva dripping balls out of Bills mouth and told him to stand up as Lee lay down on the floor. 

What a sight this was for Bill. Lee was laying down naked in the glow of the fireplace stroking his large cock that was now oozing pre-cum from the head.

“Come down here and suck my cock for me until I cum”, was all Lee needed to say.

Bill was on his knees in a flash and started to lick the shaft from top to bottom as Lee encouraged him to continue.

“I want to feel my cock in your throat honey, use your lips to milk my cock and swallow everything that leaks into your mouth”, said Lee.

Lee grabbed Bills head and pushed his cock deeper into his throat as his body began to shake. His cock grew even fatter as his cock went deeper just as he felt the first spurt shoot up from his balls.

“I’m Cumming honey, swallow it all for me” Lee yelled.

His cock shot wave after wave of cum into Bills mouth and Bill didn’t miss a drop.

As he started to soften Lee told Bill to lie down again like before. Lee straddled his face again and fed his shrinking cock into Bills mouth until every last drop was out.

Lee was covered in sweat as he kneeled above Bills face. Bill took his hands and ran them over Lees sweaty ass and legs, he was in heaven.

"MMMMMM", Bill moaned as he loved this so much.

It was not a sound lost on Lee, he heard it and smiled. 

"Keep moaning like that honey and I'll have you over here every night when I work out to suck my cock" 

"I love the feeling of your tongue wrapped around my spent cock, suck it for me honey", Lee said.

Bill had already cum in his pants but was now hard again as he was able to suck on his new best friends deflating cock. 

Bill thought, “Thank god for the internet”.