 Rice stood up from his chair and went into the bathroom; he had to wipe all of the sticky cum from his naked tanned thigh. The excess on his hand he licked clean, he loved the way he tasted. Rice smiled in the mirror, his dirty tangled blonde hair made him look like a surfer boy. Grinning, he stared deep into his blue-grey eyes and admired himself, 5’ 6”, shaved and lean and a healthy six and a half inch cock. He hardly hit the weights out and so wasn’t really well defined with bulging musculature, but was well toned from his running track for the university. Rice wanted to ooze sex today as he had his sights on a local soccer stud; he looked mysterious and was actually more pretty than handsome. Today is the day Brandon is mine, Rice thought to himself as he grabbed his pants and tossed them on before heading off to practice.

At the university where Rice went around a track surrounded the soccer field where the team practiced, Rice saw Brandon every practice out there running, playing soccer whilst he did his usual eight lap run. Brandon was a stud at the university and was well toned, he looked like Cobi Jones to Rice and he always wanted to sample his taste. All Rice could think of was how firm Brandon’s ass looked as it was straining in those tight shorts, and how huge his cock had to be. The image of Brandon’s thick brown cock head teasing his pouty lips made him hard and he could hardly wait to make his move. Three laps down, just a few more times I get to see that ass today. He thought to himself as the track whizzed by in a blur. Rice couldn’t see the track anymore, didn’t hear the sounds of the players or other runners practicing, there was only his breathing, the anticipation of waiting for his chance to make his move. Then suddenly, as Rice was dreaming of the musky taste of cock in his mouth, he tripped and landed awkwardly.

A few of the soccer players saw this and laughed, but Brandon told them to shut up. Quickly he ran over to Rice. He even smiles like Cobi. Rice thought, and quickly he took a peak at his bulge, he licked his lips.

“Are you okay? You took a pretty bad spill.”

“Um, yeah I think I’m okay.” Rice replied. He winced as he tried to stand. “Don’t know if I can walk home on it like this though.”

“Do you want a ride back home?” Brandon asked, his bare chest streaked with sweat, his shoulder length brown locks a mess.

Rice managed a crooked smile, “Yeah, thanks.”

“Okay, hold on. Let me tell the guys we’re calling practice short today.” Brandon smirked as he ran off to the rest of the squad.

This is my chance Rice thought. He removed his sweaty top and tossed it round his shoulders. Brandon returned shortly and motioned for Rice to move toward him.

“Do you need any help getting to my car?”

“No,” Rice paused, pondering. He stood and groaned under his breath, this obviously wasn’t going to work. “Well maybe just a hand, don’t want to look like a total wimp you know.”

“That’s cool.” Brandon laughed. “Gotta play it tough eh?” Brandon walked to Rice and placed a strong hand around his waist. Rice could smell his sweat as he leaned into his shoulder. Putting his arm around Brendan’s neck they walked. His cock started to twitch in his confining shorts. Brandon’s strong grip with his soft hands sent shivers down Rice’s spine, he wanted Brandon to make him suck him right there, for Brandon to fuck him like he was his willing slave.

Once they got to the car Rice let go slowly, his hands grazing Brandon’s muscled ass, he nit his lip and pouted. He could have sworn he felt Brandon return the favour. On the road back to his house, just three miles down the road, they made small talk.

“How long you been playing soccer?”

“Forever, I don’t know, probably since I was kicking in the womb?” Brandon looked over at him from the driver’s seat.

“Well, you kinda look like that Cobi Jones guy.”

“You think so? Yeah I get that from time to time.”

Rice strained no to look over at Brandon’s bare legs as they shifted the gears, his legs muscular and rippling with each gear they went faster. Slowly, he watched as he could start to make out the bulge in his pants. It was huge! He has to be at least 8” he thought…It’s going to be a tight fit…he bit his lips, still staring.

“So where is it?”

“Huh?”

“Where should I make my move?” Brandon smiled. His eyes twinkled a bit a he caught Rice unawares. Did he just catch me staring at his cock? Rice wondered as he tried to decipher the disarming charms of the boy next to him.

“Oh, sorry,”

“No problem”

“That’s the one just up the way on the end of the cul-de-sac.”

Brandon pulled into the cul-de-sac and parked, he looked at Rice with his brown eyes. “Do you need any help getting settled?”

“If you don’t mind,”

“No problem.” 

Rice ambled along with the aid of Brandon into the house where he promptly took the opportunity to sit himself onto the nearest chair.

“You think you could help me to my room, I don’t want to be stuck in these all afternoon.” He said motioning to his sweaty shorts and T-shirt.

“Take my hand,”

Rice rose to his feet tentatively with the help of Brandon. He could feel he chest in front of him as he breathed out. Uncertainly he placed his hand on Brandon’s shoulder feeling the firm muscle under his soft hands. He paused, now or never, he thought. Searchingly he looked at Brandon, their eyes locking. Instinctively he placed his other hand behind Brandon’s head as they moved closer, their mouths parting, with gentle the sound of suction. 

Brandon placed a firm hand around Rice’s head and pulled him in the final distance, their mouths melting together, fighting for the same air. Breathless He pulled back. “What took you so long?” He smirked. Not waiting for the answer he silenced any attempt at a reply with another kiss, his stubble on Rice’s chin. 

Slowly Rice felt his mouth being parted by a much anticipated visitor and he felt Brandon’s moist tongue proliferating inside his mouth with such force, he couldn’t but help to enjoy the violation.

Brandon’s hands caressed Rice’s ass, squeezing and pulling at the cheeks. Rice moaned between kisses. “I want you to fuck me; I need to feel your hard cock inside of me.” He pulled away from Brandon; slowly Rice worked his way to his shorts, stopping to take each of his puffy man nipples into his mouth. Rice’s tongue moved in circles around each nipple as they stood to attention. On his knees he looked into Brandon’s eyes, he looked like a lost little boy. 

Pulling the waistband down on the shorts Brandon’s semi-erect nine inch cock shot up and greeted his chin. Rice could smell Brandon’s scent, the scent of a man and sweat and cock. Slowly he took him into his mouth, having at first to adjust to the girth of his erect penis; it was nearly as thick as his wrist! Lubing the veined shaft with his spit Rice slowly began to bob his head slowly working more and more of the huge cock past his hungering lips, his intense gaze locked on the sexy eyes above him. 

Rice enjoyed the feeling of being watched as he sucked Brandon’s cock, seeing the colour contrasts of their skin, the submission he felt at wanting to be used excited him and his own six and a half inches longed to be free of their shorts. Rice slowly worked his way to three quarters the length in his mouth, as Brandon fucked his face furiously. Rice worked himself out of his shorts and began to palm his own needy cock as it dangled between his legs. He could feel Brandon’s cock expanding in his mouth, his balls hard at work below producing the taste Rice needed in his mouth, on his face, in his ass.

Brandon stopped; he pulled out of Rice’s mouth with a loud plop. The look on Rice’s face made him laugh.

“Don’t worry, you’ll get to suck some more, don’t look so sad.” He smirked and began to finger Rice’s bum first with one finger, then with two. Rice’s moans made his cock spasm, and Rice bucked to meet each of the double-fingered thrusts.

“Fuck me Brandon; please…I need your big cock.” Rice pleaded.

Brandon removed his fingers and placed them in front of Rice, his pouty pink lips gobbling the taste of Brandon’s foray inside his anus. Positioning the cock head at the anal ring Rice pushed, and slowly his ass stretched to accommodate Brandon’s pole.

Rice pushed back to meet Brandon’s thrusts as they began to build up a rhythm. Deeper he felt Brandon push, and then pull, his anus clamping onto Brandon to keep him inside, each thrust he felt himself open a little more the feeling of being completely full, and the emptiness of Brandon withdrawing from him. 

Rice was yelping in pain, as it then subsided to pleasure the feeling of Brandon’s balls slapping his. He could fee as Brandon used his free hand to get him off while planting kisses on his back. The feeling of his soft full lips against the grain on his back made the hair on his back stand on end. He never wanted that moment to end.

The frenetic pace continued, Rice’s cheeks now bright red from the continued pounding and slaps of balls and hand alike. Again he could feel Brandon’s thickness as it expanded further in anticipation of ejaculation.

“Ah, I’m going to come.”


”Wait, I want you in my mouth.”

Quickly Rice let Brandon exit, the emptiness now complete, the gaping anus as it puckered its opening closed after a few seconds dissatisfied at being without Brandon’s cock.

Rice tasted himself of Brandon; he liked knowing that was his taste on that gorgeous hunk’s nine inches. Furiously he sucked him off while jerking himself with equal fervour. Finally, the moment he had bee waiting for came. Rice could feel the thick ropey gobs of cum coat his throat, but there was too much he couldn’t take it all and removing the cock from his mouth he felt relief as the rest splattered on his eager face. He had come too, his ejaculate smeared over his thighs. Spent and happy Brandon kneeled down and kissed him tasting the semen he had just rid himself of. And carefully, with the gentlest of touches Brandon licked Rice’s face clean before planting a sloppy kiss of satisfaction on the pair of pouty lips. And they lay there basking in the glow of after sex, Brandon’s cock still semi hard pressed deep in the small of Rice’s back.

“How’s your ankle?” Brandon asked.

“I think it feels better, especially since I’m not thinking about it.”

“Well, it looks like we’ll just have to keep your mind occupied.” He smirked.

Rice returned the smile enjoying the feeling of being wrapped up in Brandon’s muscular arms. “That’s just what I was thinking.” And with that he curled up, comfortable.