 Griffin's POV

High school wasn't a horrible experience for me. I was lucky. I was able to fit in at my private high school by using my smarts and sense of humor to hide my true self. I made friends with everyone...the jocks, the stoners, the nerds...everyone loved me. I was a true chameleon. No one knew the true me.

I wanted to go to college and was accepted everywhere I applied. I was able to accept my first choice because of my parent's careful planning. I was excited to finally leave my conservative upbringing and become the person I was meant to be.

In August, I left the home that I had lived my entire life. I was sad, but I knew it was for the best. As I pulled out of the driveway of my childhood home, my parents waved with smiles on their faces. I didn't look back.

*******************************

Arriving at college is a scary experience. I almost wish that my parents had come with me. I check in at my dorm and get a key and room number. I'm on the 9th floor and am assigned a double, which means I have a roommate. The elevator is out of service. I have to walk up nine flights of stairs with two suitcases. This is not a good start to my college experience.

As soon as I make it up to the ninth floor, I find my room, 919. I am out of breath and very red. I put my key into the lock and enter the room. It is a typical dorm room. It is divided into two sections...they both were identical...a bed, a desk and a wardrobe. I decide to take the left side because it is further from the door. I spend the next 30 minutes putting away my clothes and making my bed.

As I am putting away the last of my things, the door opens and a boy appears with an entourage. The boy is tall. He is at least 3 inches taller than me and has dark hair. His entourage includes a man, woman and two small children under 10 years old...one boy and one girl.

As he enters the room, I meet his eyes and smile. He smiles back. I can tell the minute our eyes meet that we will get along perfectly.

"Hi," he says. His eyes are dark brown with a fleck of yellow in them.

"Hey," I say.

I walk towards him and put out my hand and say, "I'm Griffin."

He shakes my hand and says, "I'm Graham."

"Oh! Wow! Two "G" names." I blush a bright red.

"Oh, yeah! That's weird." He grins at me and turns around to acknowledge his entourage.

"Um, Griffin, this is my family. My dad, Luke. My Mom, Phoebe. My sister and brother, Lila and Brian."

I wave and said, "Hi, Graham's family." I feel very weird and out of place.

I think that Graham's family senses that I feel uncomfortable. They quickly say goodbye to Graham. His mom and siblings give him a kiss on the cheek and his dad shakes his hand. I see the tears in his mom's eyes as his family exits the room.

"I'm glad that's over," sighs Graham, as he lifts his suitcases onto his bed.

"Really? They seem really nice. I kind of wish that my parents had come with me."

He turns and frowns at me. 

"Your parents didn't come with you?"

"No," I said looking down at my feet. I am suddenly embarrassed and worried about what Graham is thinking.

"No worries," said Graham. I look up and there is a huge smile on his face. I instantly feel better.

Graham spends the next couple of minutes unpacking his suitcases as I sit on my bed and watch him. He is tall and lean with broad shoulders. I can tell that he is athletic-either a runner or a swimmer. His dark hair is curly and spiraled to the nape of his neck. He is delicious.

"Uh...where are you from?" I ask.

"Seattle, Washington. You?"

"Me, too."

He turns and looks at me with a ruminative look on his face.

"Really? Where did you go to school high school?" 

"Evergreen Prep."

He grins at me. "Ah, a private school boy. I went to Johnson High School."

I grin back. "My roomie is a public school boy. I better watch out. You might corrupt me."

"Yep! That's my plan."

We stand and stare at each other with goofy grins on our faces.

This is going to be a good year.

Graham's POV

Oh, wow! My roommate, Griffin, is a total hottie. I can't believe that I'm going to be living with him for the entire school year. How did I get so lucky?

The minute I walk into my dorm room and see him I can hardly breathe. Unfortunately, I have to keep my emotions in check because my entire family is following behind me. I love my family, but sometimes they can be a little too much. If they sense the feelings I am having for my new roommate, they would out me in a second and I'm not sure if I'm ready for Griffin to find out that I'm gay. I'm definitely not in the closet, but I want to take my time in revealing my sexual orientation to my new roommate. I don't want to freak him out!

Griffin is gorgeous. He's a couple of inches shorter than me, stocky (not fat!) and has dishwater blond hair that hangs past his ears. When I walk into the room, he is facing away from me and I am able to check out his strong muscular legs and his round firm butt. He is definitely my type.

His personality is even better. I know that I've only known him for a few minutes, but I can tell. He's polite to my parents and I can tell that he would be a great role model to my younger sister and brother just by the way he looks and smiles at them. I am getting way ahead of myself. I don't even know if he's gay.

My family leaves quickly and I'm relieved. I begin unpacking my stuff. I have lots of stuff. Griffin is sitting on his bed and watching me. I can feel his eyeballs burning into the back of my head. This is a good sign.

He says, "Uh...where are you from?"

I say, "Seattle, Washington. You?"

He says, "Me, too."

I turn around and look at him. I can't believe it. We've grown up in the same city and never met. Yes, it's a large city, but still it's a huge coincidence. 

Trying not to sound too surprised I say, "Really? Where did you go to school high school?"

He says, "Evergreen Prep."

I grin at him. "Ah, a private school boy. I went to Johnson High School."

He grins back. "My roomie is a public school boy. I better watch out. You might corrupt me."

I grin even wider. "Yep! That's my plan."

We stand and stare at each other with goofy grins on our faces.

This is going to be a good year.