 Griffin's POV

My arms are wrapped around Graham. My body is pushing into him. The water is washing over us. It feels so good. I don't want to stop. He feels so good against me. It's not until his words interrupt my descent into utter bliss that I realize where I am and I what I'm doing.

"Griffin. Please stop. You're drunk. You are going to regret this in the morning. If you even remember this in the morning."

I know that he's right. I stop my movement, but I don't let go. I need to be close to him. I need to tell him everything, but not here. I reach around him and turn the water off.

"Baby, " I whisper into his back, "did you bring any towels?"

His body shakes and I know that he's laughing.

"No, " he admits. "We are going to have to use your t-shirt to dry off."

I release him and he turns around. We are face to face. He bends down and gives me a soft kiss on my lips. I want to melt into him, but instead he moves away from me, opens the door and steps out of the shower. I follow him.

My clothes are scattered across the floor. Graham bends down and picks my t-shirt up off the floor. He moves towards me and begins to dry me off. He begins with arms and slowly moves down my body. He's gentle, but thorough. I'm in heaven. He kneels down to my legs bypassing my wet boxer shorts. I want to pull them off, but at this point I'm hard and not ready for him to see my entire naked body.

"Turn around, " he quietly requests. I do what he says.

This time he starts with my legs and works his way up. This time when he gets to my wet boxers he pauses.

"Can I take these off?" he asks me softly. "I promise I won't look at your dick."

I laugh this time. It's amazing how he can read my mind.

"Okay." 

He slowly pulls down my wet boxers until they are around my ankles. I step out of them and kick them aside. I place my hands over my genitals.

He begins to move the t-shirt across my butt in a circular motion. He's using both hands. I can't breathe. He spends a lot of time drying this part of my body. I think I hear a sigh escape his lips.

"You have a really nice ass," he says in a low sexy voice.

Oh, God. How do I respond to this?

"Thanks," I say. I cringe when the word leaves my mouth. What a stupid response.

His hands leave my butt and works his way up to my shoulders. By this time I'm shaking all over.

"Are you cold?" he asks me.

"A little." This is a lie. The real reason I'm shaking is because for the first time in my life I feel like I'm who I am suppose to be with a person I'm suppose to be with. I want to tell Graham this, but standing naked in a dorm bathroom does not seem like the appropriate time.

He hands me my pants.

"Put these on. Let's go back to our room and I'll warm you up."

He couldn't have said a more perfect thing.

Graham's POV

Griffin's ass is the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. It's round and soft with just a little bit of blonde peach fuzz covering it. I want to bury my face in it. Give it a million soft kisses. I sigh.

As I finish drying Griffin, he begins to shake. He's cold. I hand him his jeans and he puts them on. I quickly dry myself off and gather up his clothes.

"Are you ready? I ask him.

"Yes." 

I extend my free hand. He smiles and wraps it firmly into mine. Our hands fit perfectly together. We exit the bathroom and head down the hall towards our room. As we are approaching our door, I hear footsteps and then a voice. It's coming from behind us.

"Hey, dudes. What's going on?" 

It's Carson.

Griffin jerks his hand out of mine. He keeps walking, but I stop. I turn and face Carson. I hear a door open and click close. I know that Griffin is freaked out. Carson saw us holding hands.

"Hey, Carson."

He gives me a mischievous grin.

"So you and Griffin, huh? Nice, man, nice."

I begin to panic, but I swiftly gain my composure.

"No, man. Graham came home totally blitzed. I was helping him come back from the shower. I didn't want him to fall down in the hallway. I think you know what I'm talking about. Where did you take him after the movie?"

Carson shrugs nonchalantly. 

"My friend was having a party. I took him with me. No big deal."

A surge of anger rips through me. I can feel my face getting red. I lay into him.

"Look, Carson. Griffin is an innocent guy. He is not the kind of guy you take to a party, get drunk and then ditch. He's the kind of guy that you look out for. I think you owe him a fucking apology. You were not a good friend." Carson raises his hands in a defensive manner.

"Whoa, dude. Chill the fuck out. I barely know the guy. How was I supposed to know?"

I take a deep breath and take two steps back. I'm in front of my door. My hand is on the doorknob.

"You know what, Carson? You are absolutely right. You don't know Griffin. You don't know me. Until you want to know us, stay the fuck away. You get it?"

His eyes are as big as saucers. He nods.

"Good."

I turn the doorknob, enter the room and slam the door behind me. I've probably woken up half the students on the floor. I throw Griffin's clothes on my desk and sink into the chair next to it. I can't believe I said all of those things to Carson. I didn't know I could be so confrontational. I've never stuck up for anyone like I just did for Griffin. My mind is racing. Griffin's voice interrupts my thoughts.

"Wow, Graham. I haven't known you for very long, but that is the first time I've ever heard you swear like that. You think you know somebody."

I look over and Griffin is lying in my bed. He's wearing nothing but a pair of flannel pajama bottoms and a grin plastered across his face. He is so sexy. I want him like I've never wanted anyone before.

I slowly get out the chair and move towards him. I pause at the foot of the bed and look down at him. I'm still wearing my wet boxer briefs. The grin is no longer there. A serious, contemplative look has replaced it.

He murmurs, "Come to bed, Graham. It 's late. We have classes in the morning."

I hesitate.

"I need to change and you need a glass of water and some ibuprofen."

He smiles up at me and then rolls over onto his stomach.

" I drank a glass of water and took a couple of aspirin. As for your clothes, take your underwear off. You don't need to change. I promise I won't look."

I do as he says.

Griffin's POV

I wake up to Graham's body pressing into mine. There is a sheet separating us, but it feels amazing. The warmth of his body and his strong arm around my waist makes me feel like I'm the luckiest guy in the world. I snuggle back into him wishing the sheet were gone.

Graham moans. He moves his hand to my stomach and gently caresses it. His hand moves down and over the tip of my penis for an instant before it travels back up to my stomach. I feel like I'm about ready to explode.

"How are you feeling?" he asks me.

I think about this for a second and I decide to tell him exactly what I'm thinking.

"I feel amazing. This is the best I've felt in a long time."

"Really. Why?" I can tell he is half asleep by the grogginess of his voice.

I take a deep breath and let it all out.

"I'm in your bed and your holding me; making me feel special."

He removes his hand from my stomach.

"Griffin, look at me."

I turn over and we are face to face. He doesn't touch me. I want him to touch me.

He asks me, "Did you watch the DVD I left you yesterday?"

I nod, lean over and give him a small kiss on his nose.

A big grin erupts on his face and he asks, "So?"

His hand moves to my hip and it slips down under my pajamas. His hand begins to gently stroke my naked bottom. It feels so good.

I launch into the speech that I was prepared to tell him last night before I went out with Carson and I got hammered.

"I'm such an idiot, Graham. I shouldn't have asked you all of those questions about Jeremy. It's your private business and I stepped way out of line. I was so jealous. I should have listened to you when you tried to explain everything to me. I want you, too. More than I've ever wanted anyone else. I'm so sorry about last night. I went out with Carson because..."

Before I can continue, his lips are on mine. Graham's POV

My lips are on his. My hand is massaging his ass. He's just told me that he wants me. That he understands my situation with Jeremy. I'm out of control.

"Griffin, " I moan into his mouth and roll him on top of me.

The sheet is gone and my naked dick is pressed against his. He pushes his pants off and we are skin to skin. He pushes into me. His hands are on my face; his lips are at my neck and my other hand moves to his ass. I can't stop. I grind into him. My hands rub back and worth from his ass to his back. He moves his mouth to mine and our tongues touch for the first time. It's exhilarating. This is the best I've ever felt; nothing I've ever done compares to this. I want more; but it's over before it begins; we orgasm at the same time. He collapses into me; his face pressed into my neck. We are glued together.

"Oh, fuck," I say.

He giggles into my neck. My hands leave his butt and I wrap them around his waist. I pull him closer to me.

We lay like that for a very long time. I don't want to let him go.

After a while, he slides down until his head is resting on my chest. My hands rest gently on his head.

"What are doing, baby? I ask him.

"I want to hear your heartbeat," he whispers into me. "It's beating really fast."

"Of course it is, " I say. "You made it really happy."

He gives my chest a couple of light kisses and then slides up until his head is tucked underneath my neck. My face burrows into his head.

"You make my heart happy, too, Graham."

"I'm glad. Let's go back to sleep."

"Okay." He begins to snore.