 As long as I can remember, I was always bisexual. When I was in high school, I can remember watching all the other kids start to be attracted to the opposite sex and all I remember is being so confused because, for the most part, I just found everyone attractive. Guys and girls. I couldn't stop thinking about what it would feel like to rub against them naked, to feel their skin on mine. It wasn't ever isolated to a single sex for me.

When I graduated high school and got to college, I finally felt some freedom to explore my feelings. (I had lost my virginity in high school to both a girl and a guy, but neither experience had been terribly fulfilling.) I now found myself on a college campus surrounded by unsupervised horny young people and I was ready for it. After some initial internal conflict, I somehow decided I must be gay. Straight boys didn't think about sucking dick and the idea of bisexual boys didn't really exist in my mind at the time. Still it isn't really something I find most people to be aware of. So I came out to some close friends and started trying to date guys.

I started seeing this boy in the dorm next to mine who had an unbelievably huge dick. Easily twice the size of mine. I had always known I was a little on the smaller side, but I hadn't ever really seen that many other dicks in person and certainly never something over eight inches. I can remember the first time I slid down on his dick and felt it inside me. It is a difficult sensation to put into words if you haven't experienced it. The closest I can explain it is this strange sense of fullness, of completeness. He and I dated for a little while before I by some weird streak of luck ended up seeing a woman again and for a long time, almost five years. Ultimately it didn't work out, and that's really where my story begins. After my college girlfriend and I broke up, I had this intense feeling I had missed out on all kinds of dick. And I was intent to make up for it.

Over the course of the next year, I started to really explore the gay side of my sexuality. I have this strange combination of dominant and submissive in my sex drive. With women, and sometimes with guys, I am pretty dominant. I like to toss you around and push you to the edge of your pleasure. As I have mostly settled into being gay with time, I still miss the power you feel when you eat a girl's pussy. You can feel their movements, taste their soul. I can spread a girl's legs and eat her pussy over and over, just making her scream and gush. Like I said, I have pretty much settled into gay sex with age, but that sensation is one I go back to every now and again...

When I finished school, I relocated to North Carolina. In the months leading up to moving there, I started getting on some chat rooms for the area, trying to meet some people so I would have a little social and sexual head start when I got there. I didn't know anyone otherwise. I happened across the profile of this young black guy who just turned me on so much it kind of freaked me out. He was probably 22 at the time, a couple of years younger than me. Not too much taller than me, probably 5'8'' to my 5'5''. He was athletic without being intimidating. Thick in that sexy way. We started talking and hit it off pretty well so the chats continued for the weeks leading up to my move. I had only been with one black guy at this point in my life and it had been a pretty good experience that I was eager to repeat. That added to the fact that this guy in NC was slowly revealing a dominant and kinky side that I hadn't really explored yet, and I was very excited about the move.

One of the things he hinted at every now and then was watersports. I hadn't done anything kinky really at this point, certainly never any piss play. I wasn't particularly disgusted by it, but it wasn't ever something that drew my sexual attention. As our chats became more elaborate, he revealed more about it and I have to admit I was starting to be somewhat curious. More and more our dynamic took on a dominant/submissive role. He wanted to dominate me. He wanted to humiliate me. He was this really nice guy who had this rough streak that was screaming to come out and he wanted to use my tight white ass to make that happen.

And I wasn't mad about it.

The more we talked, the more I started to think about submitting to him and what that would feel like. I was small and smooth from back then, not the somewhat scruffy guy I have grown into. (Thank god for hipsterism bringing facial/body hair back into style because removing it all is a production I have happily left behind.) Back then though I loved it. Like I said, I am not hung. In fact, I have a pretty small dick, probably 4'' hard and sometimes less than 0.5'' soft. For a long time I had struggled with that, but this submissive fantasy helped me work through it. He loved it. This smooth, tiny, white dick was useless to him. He started telling me how small it was and how only his big dick mattered. He wanted me to keep it smooth and to get some panties, a thong in fact. He was bisexual too and as far as he was concerned, I might as well have been a girl. My dick didn't matter to him and he had no intention of paying it any attention. For him, all that mattered was my tight, white pussy. He only ever used that word when talking about my asshole: "pussy." I don't think of myself as trans at all. I am a guy. But there was something about him using the word pussy to talk about my hole that made me feel completely submissive. I wanted him to fuck my pussy. The more we talked, the more I realized how much that was all I wanted, for him to tear my tight white asshole open until it was the wet, dripping pussy he wanted it to be.

When I finally moved, I was so excited to meet him that I could hardly contain myself. After my family left and I settled into my new apartment a little, we set up a meeting. He told me to wait for him upstairs on the bed in a tight thong with my ass in the air so he could get right to work on me. I got showered and ready, made sure I was nice and smooth, slipped on a skimpy thong that hugged my little package so much it was barely visible, and I crawled onto my bed. It was strange, I was so horny that my skin was warm and my heart was racing, but I wasn't hard. Instead, I was soft and tiny. The anticipation of being his little bitch made my dick soft. I was doggy-style on the bed with my pussy up in the air reaching down between my legs and rubbing my soft dick like a clit and I swear I could feel my hole getting wet. Then I heard the door open and close downstairs. The lock clicked and I heard footsteps coming up the stairs toward my bedroom.

When he walked in, he didn't say anything. I just heard him approach me and then I felt something I hadn't ever experienced before. He slid my thong to the side and started to eat my hole. No one had ever rimmed me before. I felt his slight scruff rub against my smooth ass as he buried his tongue deeper and deeper into my hole, loosening it and making it wet. Occasionally, he would come up for air and spit on my pussy, slapping it lightly with his hand, working a finger in, then two. And then he would dive back in with his dick. It felt like he was licking my insides. His tongue was powerful and long. I could feel it penetrate me. Before long I was grinding back onto it, fucking myself on his tongue. He seemed to like this, because he stood up and took his clothes off before lying down on the bed and telling me to sit on his face.

It didn't take me long to obey the command. It didn't even feel like a command. It just felt natural to do what he said to do. This was the first time I had gotten a good look at him. He was cuter in person and his body was just as sexy. His dick was rock hard and at least 9", with these subtle but thick veins running up and down the shaft. He had these huge balls that hung down between his legs. Unlike me, he was somewhat hairy all over, a dusting of hair on his legs and chest, with this thick, full bush that was natural and manly and made me very aware of how different we were. I felt more comfortable in that brief moment gazing at his body, this body that was about to fuck me in ways I had a feeling I had never experienced, than I had ever felt prior. After taking that in for a second or two, I crawled on top of him and straddled his face. He wasted no time digging back into my pussy, already wet and starting to open up from the twenty minutes he had been eating me doggy-style.

After a few minutes, I realized that I was in a daze. My eyes were closed and my hands were gripping my ass cheeks apart so that my new pussy was as exposed as possible, allowing him to get his tongue in at least a couple of inches. He was fucking me better with his tongue than I would ever have been able to fuck someone with my tiny cock that was still soft, though a wet spot had developed on my thong where I was leaking cum. He was enjoying opening my hole, but was ready for me to start working on his cock so he pushed me down toward it, showing it in my face. The smell was intoxicating. Clean, but masculine in a way that I don't think I had ever probably smelled. Without thinking and without pause, I immediately started sucking his dick, wetting it at first with sloppy kisses and spit before beginning to try to swallow it. He was the perfect girth. Thick, but not so thick that he couldn't get rock hard or that it was impossible to swallow. Soon that manly bush was pressed up against my chin and I was rubbing my nose in those low-hanging balls of his. He must have kept me bent over like this for almost an hour, moaning into my pussy and alternating between opening me with his tongue and his fingers, four by the end of it all. Occasionally he slapped my now-tender hole which sent shivers down my whole body and made me push open begging for his dick.

He spanked me hard and told me to stand up. I pulled his almost-10" cock out of my throat and stood up for him to examine. My thong was now drenched in a mixture of precum from my clit, now somehow even smaller, and spit from him digging out my pussy. I was dripping. I reached back and felt my asshole, but it was completely transformed. It was puckered out a little, the lips full and swollen from his handiwork. It felt so soft and smooth, almost like velvet. I pressed a finger into it and it eagerly consumed my digit with ease. Another and another. I wasn't loose, really, but I was relaxed. Ready. Again, he broke my daze.

"Take those panties off and let me see all of you," he commanded.

I did as I was told, again without delay or thought, sliding the thong down my pale white legs. I looked down and was almost surprised at the sight. I hadn't ever seen my dick this small. It was barely there. I am circumcised, but it was so retracted that it was just a small little nub of foreskin glistening in its own juices. My balls were pulled back up as well, leaving my sack almost invisible. It really was a clit.

"Look at that pathetic little cock. He stood up and held his dick at the base of the shaft. It was a little softer now, but still every bit of 8", which dwarfed my own. He slapped my dick with his, calling it my clit. I was completely humiliated and utterly turned on. "You ready for me to rape that pussy and show you what your new life looks like?"

"Yes, sir."

No response. He just threw me onto the bed and started positioning me like he wanted me. I was doggy-style, but he pressed my face down into the bed so that my ass was way up in the air. I could feel him step up behind me. He spit on my hole and I felt the heavy drop land just above it and then slide into the opening below. Lubed and ready, I guess. For a moment, I thought about the fact that he hadn't put on a condom, but that thought was interrupted by the incredible sensation of his dick slapping up against my tender pussy. It was heavy in a way I didn't anticipate. I really felt the sting of it and I loved it. He wasted no time sliding in the head and for the first time I felt his thick dick push into me. I had been fucked probably a dozen times, even by guys about his size once or twice, but something told me this was going to be different. He pushed in a little more. I felt my pussy resist a little, but he knew what he was doing. Each time there was resistance, he pulled all the way out, spit on the hole and his dick and pushed back into where he was. By doing this, he kept me from closing back altogether and worked his wet spit deep into me. After just a few minutes, I could feel that he had reached my second hole inside. This wasn't a surprise really. It is only a few inches inside, but few guys are hard enough and long enough to get there so quickly. He was probably only four inches in. Up until then, I had mostly been fucked by guys in a more shallow way. But that wasn't the plan today. He put his hand on the small of my back and applied more pressure. With a slightly painful pop, I felt him push past the second sphincter and start to explore me deeper.

I could feel my insides rearranging to accommodate his thrusts, which were still slow and deliberate, still working the wetness into me and getting me ready for the next step. With each thrust he worked in a little deeper, past my prostate, which was overwhelming. I jerked up in a reflex and he grabbed me by the neck. "What the fuck are you doing? Get back down and push that ass up in the air." He pushed me down and I did as I was told. He was completely in now. 10" of thick dick inside me. I could feel his pubic hair against my smooth ass and his balls hanging down between my legs. He rested there, completely inside me for a moment. I had never felt anything like this sensation. I was completely full. I could feel his entire dick in me. I could feel my insides in a way that I hadn't ever before. Each subtle motion of my hips shifted him inside me and sent pings of pleasure through my entire body. The pleasure was radiating from inside me, completely different from the very localized pleasure of jerking off or topping. This was everywhere and all at once.

He grabbed my hips and began to back his dick out. Instinctively, I pushed back trying to keep him inside me. He laughed a little, pulled completely out of my pussy, admired the slight gape that he had caused me, spit on my hole one last time, and then plunged back into me. All the way into me. I could feel him tearing me in two, but it was bizarrely not painful. I expected pain. I even think I grimaced, but there wasn't any. He had so carefully lubricated my insides that he just fell back into me. This time, though, he wasn't staying still. He started to fuck me with increasing intensity. Pulling his huge dick almost entirely out of my pussy before plunging it back into me. I became more and more used to it, which made me relax more and more, and I could feel the immediate reward of him getting a little deeper into me each time he pounded me and made his balls slap my soft, little clit.

I reached down and began to rub myself like before, almost fingering my dick. But he wasn't having any of it. He immediately pulled out of me and flipped me over forcefully. "Don't touch that little fucking excuse for a dicklette. The only orgasm you're going to get is going to be from me turning out your pussy." He grabbed my legs and pushed them up into the air, lifting my now loose and dripping pussy into the air ever-so-slightly. He told me to put my hands underneath myself and hold open my hole, which I did readily. As I opened his target, he pushed back into me, burying his entire manhood inside my hole, but at a different angle that was new. I adjusted quickly and he began plowing me missionary with my legs in the air, my clit flopping around with each movement, soft and useless, still dripping a slow but constant stream of precum. This was a position that I tended to avoid. It was very intense for me since it provided almost direct access to my prostate for the invading dick. He was no different. Long and hard, he was beating my prostate so hard that I even got a little hard, maybe an inch, just enough to make the head pop out. He took one hand off my legs, grabbing them both in one instead, and used the other to grab my entire dick and balls in his hand to hide them and pull them from view. That was the moment I realized I was just a pussy, his bitch. That realization awakened something powerful in me, something very submissive. I pushed my hips up and pushed out against his dick with my hole, letting him further into me. He looked down at me, eyes rolled back into my head in lust, and laughed a little, obviously aware that he had created a new bitch. He fucked me like this for more than an hour, making my little dick cum in his hand on two different times. I could feel him precumming inside my hole, keeping me lubed and continuously ready for the beating he was providing. Eventually, after I had completely given into his dick, he flipped me over again and told me to lie on my stomach. He straddled me from behind and slipped back into me. Again, this new position revealed a slightly different pleasure. He was fucking past my prostate, rubbing it with his rock hard dick with each thrust. It was a sensation that left me shaking and overwhelmed. It felt almost like I had to piss. Maybe he was beating up my bladder at this angle. I don't know, but he kept pounding and before long the pissing sensation was incredible. I arched back a little and looked back at him. "I have to piss, daddy." I somehow managed to get the words out between moans as he raped my pussy.

He just laughed. And kept fucking me. I could feel how open I was. He grinded in and out, making the feeling more and more strong. I started to squirm a little. He knew my body better than I did, because seconds before I could feel the piss start shooting out of my clit, he flipped me back over without taking his dick out of me and kept pounding. I started to piss uncontrollably, spraying all over myself. He grabbed my spraying dick and pointed it at my face, making me spray into my mouth. Then he aimed at himself, covering his thick chest, which dripped down into his pubes and onto his dick, churning my own piss back into my hole as lube. I was completely out of control and also in more ecstasy than I had ever known.

Once the pissing was done, he flipped me back doggy-style. He was ready to cum. After mounting me again, he began fucking me harder than he had yet, really beating my hole up. He was pulling his dick completely out and then shoving it back into me with his full force. At this point, my asshole was his sloppy pussy and he knew it. It gaped open each time he removed himself from me, waiting eagerly for him to return. I could hear his moans get closer together and his thrusts intensify, until, without warning, he let out this grunt that was almost primal, like a beast. He pushed all the way into me and I could feel his dick getting bigger and expanding, nearer and nearer to unloading inside me. Each grunt brought him closer and deeper, and opened me more to him. He was stretching me with his orgasm. When he started to shoot his nutt, I wasn't ready for the sensation. I had been bred before, but this was entirely different. He was so deep inside me that I could feel his cum shooting even deeper, into my hole further than I had every experience penetration. He grinded against me, fully penetrating me as he continued cumming. It must have gone on for over 30 seconds, with burst after burst of thick, warm cum filling me. I felt like I was going to explode. When he finished, he sat up a little but didn't pull out of me. Instead, he stayed inside, while my pussy tensed around him in its first real orgasm. It was unlike anything I had ever experienced. Orgasm completely removed from my dick, which hung useless between my legs. When I was finished cumming, I collapsed as well, flat on my stomach, his dick still inside me. He laid down on top of me, still without taking his dick out of me. It felt so good in me that I wasn't complaining and didn't even know what was happening next.
