 Last summer, I found myself in Nashville, TN, attending some education seminars for my work. While there, I found a jazz club that was celebrating Mardi-gras, and I spent two evenings there watching women bare their tits for a green necklace, or other prize, from the group that was playing there. The music, the food, the tits and people made for very entertaining evenings. While there I met some wonderful people as well.

Also, while in Nashville, I happened across a XXX bookstore. This place, as it's name implies is huge. They have XXX books, mags, videos, toys and theaters to watch porn in. I originally had gone there, hoping to find a glory hole that I could service some horny men through. After having listened my friend, Dawn's glory hole story, my mouthhad been drooling and ready for some cock and cum action for some time now.

After checking things out, I decided to go into a full screen theater there. There was an open hallway between two screens. On one screen they were playing straight porn, and on the other was gay men porn. Well, since I was there to hopefully suck some cock, I naturally went into the gay side. 

There was theater style seating with about 5 or 6 rows, and an aisle down the middle. On the very last row, to the left of the aisle, there was one lone seat, where it looked like the 3 or 4 seats to the left, and the seats between there and the aisle had been removed. 

Immediately, I saw this seat as the most accessible for me to sit in with hopes of having some men cum up and let me service them. This had been an unfulfilled fantasy of mine, to suck off several men while they were all horny as they watched porn. 

Another fantasy of mine, yet unfulfilled up till then, was having a big hard black cock in my mouth. As I sat watching the movie yet not really watching, as I really was busy watching other men as they would come into this side of the theater, stand at the back for a few minutes, and then disappear, as It seemed as if they would wander to the other side, and then they would wander back to the gay side. I watched as some of the men would be rubbing themselves. 

I turned around to my left, and gasped. There was a black man, standing in the corner, stroking his exposed hardon. My heart began thumping, as I realized that one of my fantasies was right there, and I stared at his cock and licked my lips, hoping that he would notice my wanting his cock in my mouth. Soon, the man began moving away from the corner, and was walking behind me. I turned my head and continued licking my lips.

Suddenly the man walked up to me and simply put his cock to my lips. Well, now I was exhilarated. Here was one of my fantaies being fulfilled and I began licking the head of that beautiful black cock, and wrapped my hand around the shaft. I heard him moan deeply, as I slid my lips around the bulbous head and while still flicking my tounge around the head, slid his cock deeply into my mouth. 

Oh my gawd, I knew I was in heaven. As he stood there and I was licking, sucking and pumping him with my mouth, another black man walked up to my right with his hard cock in his hand. I reached up and took over the stroking he had been doing, as I continued pleasuring my mouth, and the owner of the cock in my mouth.

The man I was sucking, after a few minutes said, "go on and suck him" and withdrew. I was so excited at having been presented 2 big hard black cocks for my mouth, yet felt reluctant to let this hard cock slip out from my lips, as I was hoping that this man would have filled my mouth with his cum as well as his cock. With the two emotions of excitement and reluctance, I of course went for the second, thinking that maybe this one will offer me not only his cock, but his sweet load as well. 

I began licking, sucking and pumping on this cock now, and as I did, two more men came up on either side of this man with their sweet poles waving at me for attention. I reached over and grabbed one in each hand and felt two rock hard cocks thrusting back and forth in and out of my hands, almost to the same rhythm as the one that was now fucking my face. 

Again, disappointed as the second cock withdrew before cumming as well. I then took turns on the two cocks I had been stroking, licking their bulbous heads, licking up and down their shafts, and deep throating them, one then the other, then one, then the other. 

As I was sucking on the cock to my left, the man on the right withdrew his cock from my pumping hand, and was quickly replaced with another hard cock. Soon, I turned my mouth to administer some good ole cocksucking to the new man, and was about to lick the tip. Instead, this man was on a mission. 

He grabbed my head and quickly sank his entire cock, so hard and throbbing deep into my mouth and to the back of my throat. He immediately began to fuck my mouth with quick and deep thrusts, and after about 10 or 20 good thrusts held my head and held his cock at the back of my throat. Suddenly, I felt his cock swell even bigger and harder. 

As he held my head motionless, his cock head deep in my throat, his prick began twitching and throbbing wildly and I felt and tasted his hot load as it spurted time and time again with each jet hitting the back of my throat. 

The feeling and taste of his spurting man juice was out of this world, and I moaned my approval around his hardness in my mouth. I was in heaven. It was worth the wait for a hot load to fill my mouth, and the cocksucking before had just kind of been a tease that made me love and appreciate that load the had just been deposited in my mouth. In Fact, at times, I wonder if god created my mouth as a sex organ, because I can suck cock and swallow cum all day, and every time it is like I have an orgasm in my mouth when there is a hard cock pumping it's load in there.

I was exhilarated. As I sat there just replaying in my mind the events of the past few minutes, I was in such a state of euphoria. Suddenly, behind me, and to my left I felt that someone was standing there. As I turned, I was once again presented with the first big black cock aiming towards my mouth. 

The excitement and euphoria instantly heightened. I turned and gave this familiar cock the attention it deserved, hoping that this time, before withdrawing, that I would get a mouthful of this man's cum in my mouth. I licked and sucked and nibbled and deep throated and pumped him again, and he began to throb and twitch in my mouth. He was moaning, and I knew that I was going to get my reward for being such a good cocksucker soon. 

And I was right. It wasn't too long before his cock swelled bigger and harder, throbbing and twitching in my mouth I heard him say, "here you go you cock sucker , I am going to fill your mouth with my cum, here I cum, take my load you cocksucker" as spurt after stream after shot of his hot sweet load filled my mouth. 

I was swallowing fast and hard, and still couldn't keep up with his hot squirts filling my mouth. And dribbles of his cum leaked out the corners of my mouth, streamed down my chin and landed on my shirt.. OMG!!! What a day this has been. One for the records, although I don't think I will submit it for consideration. 

Almost immediately after he withdrew his cock, letting me continue to lick up the after cum, there was another man presenting his cock for me. He walked up and placed his cock to my lips and I took him in. Sucking, licking and pumping him. Just as I thought I was going to have him fill my mouth with his load, he became distracted with a man standing behind him and wanted this other man to fuck him. 

Apparently, the other man declined the invitation. So his throbbing cock was once again available for my pleasure, and it wasn't long before I felt his cock bulging, throbbing and twitching as my mouth began filling with the man's hot load of cum. 

Ever since then, I have this reality and memory to think back upon and has provided me with numerous orgasms replaying this fun time in my head. I often think about making a trip back there, and I will, sooner or later. Part of me wonders if a repeat performance will even match this one. But, hey, I am willing to sacrifice a drive up there and some time in examining that premise to see what could happen this time.

If you happen to live in, or near Nashville, perhaps I just may have the opportunity to suck you off.