 The following is another true encounter from my past. It took place during the 1970's, and the names have been changed for the privacy of my friends. My sincere thanks to Susurrus for encouragement and help in editing this.

__________

Chip and I had worked together for several years. He had a great smile and sharp wit and having been a surfer in his younger years, a really tight muscled body. He knew my sexual preferences, but he was what I would call an enlightened straight man. Little did I know how enlightened he was.

Chip was an artist, specifically a set designer and painter, and he had worked for a small production company. I was a director and writer and he had designed sets for many of my shows. We shared a common interest in not only theatre but also art, and when the museum sent me an invitation to the gala opening of a new exhibit, I decided to invite him to go along. 

It was a pretty big event and we both rented tuxedos for the occasion. After work on Friday, I offered to pick the tuxes up and Chip suggested he meet at my apartment to change for the gala. That idea certainly appealed to me! Any chance to see a hot man undress would not be turned down, besides, Chip still lived with his parents in the suburbs and driving back and forth would waste a lot of time. 

I had just hung up the two bags containing the formalwear when his knock came at the front door. I welcomed him in and offered him the bathroom so he could shower before changing. Meanwhile, I mixed up a pitcher of dry Boodle's martinis; we were both partial to gin.

When he emerged from the bathroom wrapped in a towel, he gratefully took one of the drinks. We had about 45 minutes before the start of the event, so I told Chip to relax while I cleaned up and then I'd help him with his tux. 

After I emerged from a hot shower, my cock was already stirring at the thought of being nearly naked in the same room as Chip. I wrapped a big fluffy towel around myself, hoping to hide the growing bulge and walked into the living room. Chip was sipping his martini and smoking one of my cigars. 

"Hope you don't mind," he smiled, puffing on the cigar. 

"Not at all," I replied. "That's why I keep the humidor out. Once I get dressed I'm going to join you."

This banter continued as we unpacked the tuxes. Chip dropped his towel and stepped into a pair of white briefs. I caught myself staring at his tight, muscled butt and then came to my senses. We were just friends and colleagues. I tried to keep my mind on that. We helped each other into our "monkey suits", I got another cigar from the humidor and we were off.

Arriving at the museum, we were greeted by valets. They took my car and we headed inside to see the exhibit and rub elbows with the upper class crowd. The exhibition was wonderful, but the event itself was stuffy, and before long both of us had had our fill of vapid small talk and snobbery. 

Chip came up behind me and leaned over my shoulder. His hot breath in my ear gave me a shiver. "You about ready to blow this joint?" he whispered.

I turned to face him, feeling uncomfortable at the closeness, yet very turned on by the intimacy. "I was afraid you/d never ask," I said. 

With that we turned in unison and headed out the door. 

Once in the car I looked at my watch. It was still very early. "Seems a waste to have rented these outfits and use them only once," I said. 

He smiled and shrugged his shoulders. "Well, who would have imagined that party would be so dull?"

It was then I remembered that a new bathhouse was having their grand opening that same night. It was a real long shot but I decided to run the idea by Chip and see his reaction. The worst he could say was "no".

"I know this isn't really your thing, " I said as we drove out of the museum parking lot. "But there's a new club having a grand opening gala tonight if you'd like to go."

He looked interested. "What kind of club?"

I hesitated, but then just decided to blurt it out. "It's a men's bathhouse. They're having a big open house tonight and I got an invite a few weeks ago and forgot all about it." 

"Sounds interesting, I've never been to anything like that before." 

I was speechless. My hot hunk straight friend had just agreed to go with me to the opening of a new gay bathhouse!

"Well, we can drop by and check it out," I stammered. "We don't have to stay, of course." I was trying to offer him a way out so he wouldn't feel pressured.

"When you say men's bath, you mean gay, don't you?" he asked.

As I nodded my head, I expected him to back out, but instead he leaned back in the seat and said, "That's what I figured... Sure, let's go for it."

And with that we were off. 

Nearing the baths, I could see the searchlights tracing across the sky. When these guys did a grand opening, they did it very grandly. There were valets there and the place looked more like a Hollywood movie premier than a gay bath opening. There were photographers, a couple of reporters for the local gay newspapers, and as we walked in: lots of people, both men and women chatting, drinking and dancing. I even saw a city councilwoman from my neighborhood there. This was a big deal. 

There was no sex going on, since the doors were open and the crowd was very mixed. I was somewhat relieved, because I figured Chip really didn't know what went on in places like these. Surprisingly, we were not the only people dressed in formal wear. It was quite an odd scene. Men and women, dressed to the nines, touring a place that would soon be filled with horny men, cruising for sex.

Both Chip and I were having a great time. The group here was anything but stuffy and the catered food was great. Around 10:00 PM the crowd started to thin out. An attendant came through and told us that the event was ending, but any men who wanted to stay could return to the lobby and reenter once the club opened again at 10:30, as guests of the house. 

I was feeling pretty gutsy, so I looked at Chip and popped the question. "So you want to stay and see what really goes on here?"

He finished off the last of his drink and shrugged his shoulders. "Sure, sounds interesting."

I almost fainted from lack of blood as it all rushed to my cock. This tight hunk had just agreed to join me at the baths. This was turning out to be a very interesting night.

Once we had signed the releases that made us temporary members of the club and checked in at the front desk, we were handed towels and locker keys and were buzzed into the inner doors.

We walked to the locker room and found a couple of lockers. I must have looked like an idiot as I just stood there and watched Chip as he undressed from his tux. As he hung his pants up in the locker, he glanced over his broad shoulders at me and chuckled.

"You gonna go into the steam room wearing that?"

I looked down at my tux and said something inane, then hurriedly began stripping. Now, I am no Adonis by any means, but when I had the courage to glance back at Chip, I swear I caught him checking me out. Of course, I was checking him out, too.

Chip tugged his white briefs down over his hips and tossed them into the locker. He wrapped himself in the skimpy gym towel he had been given, and walked toward the locker door. 

"I'll meet you outside in the TV room." 

As the door swung closed, I realized I was standing there, buck-naked, just staring at the door. I wrapped my towel around my waist and headed toward the door. 

Outside there was a darkened corridor that led to the main part of the club. To the right was a large lounge with a big TV in the corner and a couple of big comfortable sofas. Chip was alone in the room, nestled into one of these, watching the screen when I came in. It wasn't until I sat down on the other sofa and looked at the screen that I realized what was playing. 

Splashed across the screen was a close-up of a large erect cock being energetically sucked by a handsome, moustached man. When I turned to Chip, he was watching, transfixed. 

"Well, I guess you no longer have any doubts about what kind of place this is," I said, trying to keep things light.

Chip looked at me and smiled. "I never had any doubts about that. And don't worry, I'm not offended." 

I breathed a sigh of relief. 

"Besides," Chip added, "I'm always open to new experiences."

I guess I sat there without moving for a few moments, and finally managed to form a word. "Cool."

Chip made the next move. "So, let's not sit here watching porn, when we can explore this place." He stood and turned toward the hallway. I stood to follow and then realized I had a full-fledged boner tenting the front of my towel. As I was looking down trying to figure how to hide it, he spoke again.

"Well... looks like you like it here." He smiled another of his charming smiles and somehow that put me at ease. I sheepishly grinned and followed him out into the dark corridor.

We wandered the hallways of the club for a few minutes, finally heading into the "wet" area where the spa and steam room were. Chip suggested we sit in the steam for a while and I agreed. Maybe the heat would help my throbbing hard-on to subside.

Entering the misty room, we found a spot on the tile-covered benches that lined the room. These were more like steps that climbed up three levels to accommodate a good number of men. For opening night it wasn't too busy. In fact, the only other person in the room was on the top tier in the corner. Through the steam I could barely make out his shape. He looked about average height and build, probably somewhere in his mid-twenties.

Chip sat on the second tier, somewhere in the middle of the bench. I followed and sat nearby, but not too close. I settled back and looked over at Chip. He had pulled his towel open and was sitting there, leaning back with his eyes closed, glistening with a light sheen of sweat. As my eyes moved down his body, I was startled to see that between his legs, just peeking up over his thigh was a growing hard cock. 

My hard-on was never going down now.

Just then the guy on the upper tier began to move. He wrapped himself in his towel and moved down to the bottom tier, directly beneath Chip. When he sat down and leaned back, his face was almost touching Chip's knee. 

While watching, my hand had gone subconsciously to my crotch, and I was stroking my swollen dick slowly under my towel. I froze when I saw Chip begin to move. I guess I was expecting him to move away from the visitor, but he did the exact opposite, he spread his legs slowly so that his knee was actually touching the guy's cheek.

That was the signal he was waiting for, and in no time he had turned to face Chip's fully erect dick. His hungry tongue licked the length of it, lingering at the head, teasing and making it jump. Chip had leaned back with his eyes closed. He let out a slight moan as the anonymous man began to suck his cock in earnest. 

I slid a little closer, so I could get a better view through the steam. My hard cock leaked pre-cum as I continued stroking. 

The man sucking Chip's cock was pretty good looking. Blond and a bit sinewy, but still muscled enough. His blond head bobbed up and down on Chip's stiff cock like a piston. Chip was lost in the sensation, occasionally writhing or letting out soft moans. 

I was transfixed, watching the blond guy as he moved to his knees and held Chip's legs as he greedily sucked the sweaty cock. That's when I felt a touch on my arm. It was Chip, his hand stroking my arm. He pulled at me softly, then looked into my eyes. His trademark grin returned as he motioned with his head toward the upper tier. I took the message wordlessly and moved to the bench above him.

As I sat down he leaned forward so I could sit directly behind him. Then he leaned his head back directly between my legs. The view was much better here. I was looking down Chip's wet, glistening body at the hot blond giving him the blowjob of his life. It couldn't get much better than this. At least, that's what I thought before Chip reached up and pulled my towel away, exposing my dripping hard cock. His hand then reached back and wrapped around my throbbing shaft. He pulled my cock, not trying to masturbate me but really pulling it forward. I finally got the message. He wanted it nearer his face.

I stood, turning to face him and straddling him, careful not to disturb the blonde hunk sucking on his rod. My own cock now pointed directly at Chip's mouth and he wasted no time gobbling it down. His hot lips surrounded the swollen head, and his tongue began to swirl around the tip. My knees almost buckled as he sucked my cock deeper into his mouth. I put my hands on his head to steady myself and before I knew it was fucking his face full force. 

Suddenly I heard him moan on my dick and his body shuddered. I knew he was shooting his hot load down the blond guy's throat. I slowed my thrusting, giving him a chance to savor the orgasm. Chip didn't pause for long. Soon he was sucking away at my cock, bringing me past the point of no return. I knew I couldn't hold off for long, so I pulled out of his mouth. 

"Keep that up and you'll get a mouthful," I said in a hoarse whisper. 

"That is the idea, isn't it?" he said and then dove back onto my dick.

At the same time the blond guy reached between my legs and began toying with my cum-swollen nuts. That did the trick! I bucked into Chip's mouth one last time and began to pump stream after stream of my hot sperm into his mouth. The feelings were overwhelming, and I don't remember how many times I shot, but Chip unsuccessfully tried to swallow it all. When I finally stopped shooting, I slid my slippery cock from his mouth. He looked up and smiled, a few drops of cum on his chin.

I collapsed beside him on the wet tile bench and threw my arm around his shoulder. Leaning over I kissed him on his cum-soaked lips. We both looked up and found the blond guy standing before us, eagerly jerking his cock. Chip and I shared the duties this time, both of us licking and sucking his huge cock. We ended up with our lips meeting, wrapped around his shaft as he fucked between us. When he did reach his orgasm, Chip and I shared the reward, getting both our faces drenched in hot cum.

The rest of the night was a blur. We stayed at the baths until early morning, and ended up having breakfast in our tuxedos at a local diner. Chip and I never had sex again after that night, and luckily it didn't change our relationship at work either. I still see him and his wife occasionally nowadays on a social level and I value their friendship. We never discussed that night at the baths afterward. I suppose it was just an experiment for Chip. I am just glad I was there to assist. The memory has given me many enjoyable nights since then, and I can never get into a tuxedo that I don't get a twinge of sexual energy from what was really a grand opening for us both.