 We, the residents, had all been offered an experimental implant and out of some fifty people 'in residence' something like half of us had agreed to be willing volunteers to test the effects and if my experiences were anything to go by, most of us enjoyed the effects thoroughly. 

The implant was intended to substantially enhance sexual enjoyment and activity in more elderly people - and it proved to work excellently well. 

The one strange side-effect however was that the implant seemed to warp our sexual orientation so that in most instances, normally heterosexual people tended to become homosexual or at least bisexual. However, because of the extra sexual enjoyment that we were all experiencing, no-one seemed to mind. Perhaps it was more than just our bodies being adjusted by the chemicals...

Whatever, once the slow-release chemicals had begun to take effect, an ever-growing band of newly eager sex lovers could be found, most of them enjoying some energetic debauchery with others of their same gender. 

0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0

The following morning I was awake early but instead of feeling that tiredness of old age I actually felt amazingly refreshed and fit and it wasn't until, on an impulse, I tried jumping up and down that I remembered that I was almost 70. Sure, I seemed to have a renewed spring in my step but parts of me still felt quite ancient!

But one part most definitely felt or acted younger - my cock, which once again stood hard and proud before me as I brushed my teeth. I reached down and held it, sliding my foreskin back sensually and pleasurably as I pondered on what the day ahead held.

"Yes, of course," I murmured as I started to dress, "Said I'd pop down and see Shirley again, didn't I? She said she'd measure me - it'll be interesting."

Yesterday I'd already noticed that my cock seemed more generous in size than it had done for years but instead of measuring it as planned, we'd indulged in some lusty fucking. I smiled as I remembered our coupling and felt quivers of excitement rising in my body, remembering too that Shirley seemed eager to repeat our activities. I grasped my already swollen member and with just a few strokes it stood there quivering and ready for action. I observed it carefully then released my grip and allowed it to deflate. Breakfast first, then fun!

"Hmmm, you've definitely grown, haven't you?" I mused, "Then again, who's complaining!"

I loaded myself with breakfast cereals and coffee then sat and watched the early news for a while until I felt that it was late enough for everyone to be up and active, then I phoned to the medical centre. 

"Sure, pop on down," I was told, "Doctor Judy's on duty today."

I felt a small wave of irritation wash through me knowing that Shirley wouldn't be there, but then again she's told me that Judy was equally as eager to enjoy some cock and my eagerness rose again, as did my cock.

"Calm it!" I told my erection firmly, "Just damn well wait!"

A few minutes later and I was in the medical room awaiting my turn to see Doctor Judy and I'd hardly got seated when her door popped open and with a smile she beckoned me inside.

"Hello Chris," she said as I approached the door, "Shirley said you'd be seeing me today - she's had to deal with something at the lab so I'm here instead. I gather that she was going to measure your penis, wasn't she, so I'll do that for her if that's alright. Come on in."

I stepped into her room and stopped dead in my tracks because to my annoyance I found that Dick was already there, stripped completely naked and displaying his rigid penis!

"Oooops, sorry, ummm, no rush," I blustered, confusedly, "I didn't realise you were already busy - I'll come back a bit later if you prefer."

"No, you stay Chris," said Judy as she firmly took hold of my arm, "I know you two are already good friends and since Dick's here for much the same reason as you are I'm sure you won't mind sharing my attention, will you?" 

"I suppose I don't mind," I said, still slightly put out and yet already feeling aroused, "But are you certain?"

"Absolutely and it won't be a problem," said Doctor Judy soothingly, "It's quite fortuitous that you're both here at the same time actually. I'm sure I can handle you both!"

She winked at me and her hand rubbed up and down my arm gently and almost erotically.

"Well, if it's ok with you," I said, still somewhat confused "So long as we all enjoy ourselves then."

"Of course we will," she said with enthusiasm, "Dick just popped in for a moment but I seemed to interest him somehow, so I let him stay and I was just getting him all ready."

At that moment Dick moved, turning somewhat side-on to me and as he did so the rigid length of his cock was displayed in profile. Every inch seemed to be glistening with enthusiasm or something.

"So I see," I added, feeling spasms of sexual interest increasing as I glanced at his cock again.

Judy seemed to squirm erotically now while winking prodigiously at each of us in turn and I instantly became aware of her powerful lust for cock.

"It's fine by me Judy," said Dick as he waved his erection towards me, "Anyway, I'm not shy and I don't see why you should be either Chris."

"Yes, well, ummm, guess it's ok then," I spluttered and then, before I could think of anything else I felt Judy's hands around my waist. 

"Ahh, what are you up to?" I gasped as my shorts fell down around my feet, "Ohhh, ahhhh! Ohhh Doctor!"

Not only were my shorts now on the ground but my underpants were too and in seconds Judy's hand was around my penis which was already showing signs of life. My quickly rising arousal was also helped by the warm feeling of her breasts being pressed against my side and the way her smooth leg was rubbing against mine.

"Goodness me, you are eager!" she said into my ear as my cock stiffened completely, "I see I'm going to be well pleased today!"

She moved around me now and I saw that she'd undone most of the buttons on her blouse, displaying much of her very generous breasts to us both. I'd thought that Shirley's breasts had been terrific but Judy's looked even more alluring and even Dick thought so.

"Bloody hell Doctor, don't you look good!" he said, his stiff cock jerking enthusiastically, "Hurry up over there with Chris then come back here!"

"You want to see more, do you?" she asked rhetorically as she gently stroked my very stiff penis, "Give me a chance then...just making sure that Chris is ready too."

A few moments later and she was shedding her clothes just as quickly as Judy had done and to equal effect and both of us men drew in deep breaths as we watched her stripping down. As her bra was discarded we could see that her breasts looked swollen with desire and that her nipples stood out from her, firm and proud and delicious and when she straightened up after having discarded her skirt and panties we gasped anew because her lower half could have woken a man from his death bed! 

Her legs were long, sleek and shapely; her hips were deliciously curvy; her pussy was stripped clean of any vestige of hair and when she turned around her arse was a perfectly shaped peach of delight. She looked amazing and so very seductive and sexy.  

"Phew, wow!" I gasped as my breath all escaped, "You look simply incredible!"

"For that Chris, you can have me first!" breathed Judy as she stepped closer to me, "Come on, start wherever you like!"

Since her breasts were leading the way and since I was or had been until recently, very much a tit man, my hands seemed to automatically rise to cup her delicious breasts, discovering them to be amazingly soft, delightfully warm and yet well filled. They were firmly pliable to my hands, hands that now caressed and gently pressed the pair of beauties, feeling their weight and firmness, then letting my fingers move to explore her sweet nipples. They were a grown pair of raspberry-sized protuberances that had a firmness about them that made them simply designed for sucking. I bent down and engulfed one into my mouth, causing Judy to bring her hand up to grasp my rigid penis as I did so.

"Yessss!" she hissed deliciously, "Ohhh, do that, I love it when someone chews my nips!"

While my mouth was busy my hands were free and I let them slide down her body, feeling the smoothness of her skin, loving the curves and bulges and discovering the places that seemed to cause Judy to respond. 

I stretched out to allow my hands to explore her arse and shuffled closer to her and as I did so I felt my cock bump against her belly.

"Ohhh Chris, you feel so hard!" moaned Judy as I pressed the end of my cock into her, "Push it down a bit - put it between my lips."

She was almost as tall as me and although I'd have adjusted my cock as requested it was her hand that guided it into position and I felt her legs parting slightly to let me fit between them, then close around my cock. Her pussy was already slippery and wet, warm and soft and amazingly smooth and as my cock slid between her parted lips I found myself with an urgent desire to bend my knees a bit and to make my cock press up and into her vagina.

"Wait," she hissed into my ear, "You can have me in a bit; let's get everybody warmed up first."

"I am warmed up," I pleaded, "You're making me so bloody hard; I need you now!"

For two pins I'd have simply carried out my intent and thrust my cock into her but that wasn't my way of making love to a desirable woman - and anyway, just as I began to slide my penis backwards and forwards in her cleft, so another pair of hands joined me.

Dick had joined in and a moment or two later I felt the solid knob of his penis slide past mine between her legs, pressing firmly against us both as he ground his body against her arse.

"Couldn't wait!" he breathed heavily as his penis moved back and forth, sliding against mine so erotically, "If I'd had to wait any longer I was going to have to toss myself off!"

"Ohhh no, we can't have that!" said Judy as her legs spread slightly to accommodate his lusty rod, "Come on, let's make use of the couch."

Such was our enjoyment of the moment that it took a couple of heartbeats before Dick and I seemed to realise that she'd slid from between us and we were left there clutching each other with our arms about each other and our stiff cocks rubbing together.

Judy meanwhile had smartly stepped across the room and settled on her back on the couch, with one foot resting on the floor so that her pussy was spread wide for us. Quickly we parted and moved to opposite sides of her to admire her deliciously spread body and as we stood there I felt Dick's hand wrap around my cock and he grinned like a maniac beside me.

"Look at that!" he enthused, as my penis throbbed excitedly, "All this lovely woman and you as well!"

A year or less ago and I wouldn't have considered my next move but now I dropped my own hand down until I located Dick's stiff penis and immediately held it firmly.

"And this to enjoy too," I murmured as I moved his slippery foreskin to and fro, "So what do we do next?"

I seemed to have developed quite a desire for cock, one way or another now but my thoughts were interrupted as Judy answered me by moaning loudly and we both turned our attention back to her. She had one hand down between her wide-spread legs and was rubbing her hand up and down her pussy urgently, her actions interspersed by lingering movements over her clit.

"Come on boys!" she moaned, "Don't leave me here - I'll get cold!"

"Huh, no chance of that!" grunted Dick as he pulled away from my grasp, "Now then, how would you like us?"

He stepped astride her body and poised as if ready to drop his cock straight down into her pussy.

"You get down there and lick me first," she breathed seductively, "And you Chris, come up here and let me suck you."

"Ohhh yesss," growled Dick as he adjusted his position, "Lovely start!"

Meanwhile I'd found that the low couch was at just the right height so that when I knelt beside it Judy could reach my stiff cock with ease. A little more of an adjustment and she slid my penis into her mouth eagerly.

"Ahhh!" I gasped as her delicious lips surrounded my shaft, "Bloody hell, that's nice!"

She had a most energetic mouth and an equally enthusiastic tongue and it wasn't long before I found myself quivering and jerking around as she explored the most sensitive places on my cock. She could apply what seemed to be an incredible amount of suction and seemed entirely determined to extract my juices in a moment, but then she slowed down as Dick got to work.

"Ohhh, that's perfect!" she groaned as her body squirmed in response to his probing tongue and gentle lips, "Yess, just there - then come back up...ahhhh, yesss...and down again - oh damn, you're good, so good!"

With her attention now focused on her pussy she settled to sucking me gently with the occasional brush of her tongue over my knob, probably to lick up my oozing precum I guessed, but I was in no rush anyway as I watched Dick at work. Her pussy, being depleted of hair was as smooth as silk but it wasn't long before it was covered in a splattering of her juices as Dick's tongue wiggled and flicked at her clit.

For a few more minutes Dick continued to explore and excite her, before he lifted his head.

"Let me put it in you," he panted as he lifted his body, "If I keep doing this I'll cum - I'm sure I will."

"Ohhh, no, please don't waste it!" she answered, her face one big happy smile, "But let's do it my way."

We both looked at her as she adjusted her body on the couch, our minds confused, but not for long.

"I can see you really want to fuck me, don't you Chris?" she asked, "But so does Dick, doesn't he?"

I nodded, knowing that only one of us could penetrate her at once. However, I was amenable to any option.

"I'll let Dick go first though, if you prefer," I said but Judy had more twisted ideas.

"Oh, that's really nice of you Chris, but I don't want you to be left out," she said as she lifted her hand and stroked my penis, "So how about a nice threesome?"

"Sounds good," growled Dick, "Who's going to get your arsehole, Judy?"

"Neither of you are yet," she said soothingly, "I wasn't planning that combination."

"So what are you thinking?" I asked, "Both of us on top of you somehow?"

"More or less," agreed Judy, "Dick can get his penis in my pussy, can't you Dick...and then you get your cock in his arsehole instead."

"Yeahhh!" crowed Dick happily, "Sounds perfect to me - got any lube?"

"Of course - it's over there," she said and on the desk was a big tube of the stuff which Dick managed to reach without losing his position.

He handed it to me with a smile.

"Don't use too much, I want to be able to feel you properly!" he said as he moved again until he was poised above Judy, "Tell me when you're ready, lover."

It was Judy's turn to wriggle about and to somewhat belatedly slide a towel under her rump while Dick waited and I let my thoughts spin around in my head. I really was travelling on a rollercoaster ride of new experiences, what with my earlier fun with Judy and then with Doctor Shirley. Then I'd become involved in several gay scenarios and now I was about to venture into a bisexual threesome. For a moment I considered just letting the two of them get on with it but then, somehow, my mind found it's sweet spot.

'Come on Chris, you're getting on - make the most of what's on offer!' my mind told me, 'Who knows how many days you have left in you - this could be your last for all you know, so just enjoy it!' 

"Yesss, I'm ready," I said suddenly, "Let's get some action going!"

My mind was clear now - I was up for anything and found myself squeezing a blob of lube onto my fingers, straddling Dick and then applying the gel to his quivering arsehole.

"Ahhh! Like that!" hissed Dick as he wriggled around under my fingers, "Push a bit inside too, please."

I did, discovering to my astonishment that instead of feeling horrified at putting my fingers into an arsehole and a man's hole at that, that it was nowhere near as nasty as I'd expected, especially when Dick squeezed his anal muscles tight around my fingers for a moment.

Almost eager now I lowered my stiff cock towards him, only to be held back by Judy's voice.

"Hang on, wait until he's in me," she said gently, "Then I'll be able to feel when you get inside him."

The gap between her words and her gasp of pleasure as Dick sank his cock into her welcoming wet hole was brief and then, as Dick settled his cock into place he moved his hand back and pulled one cheek aside. I could see his arsehole easily enough anyway but I was glad to get his encouragement.

"Come on then, this'll be fun!" he said happily, "Never been in a sandwich before!"

"I've never done this either," I said as I let the tip of my penis spread the lube around, "Tell me if it hurts."

"Hey - don't forget me; I'm new to doing it this way too! This makes all three of us whose threesome virginity is getting fucked!" said Judy from beneath us with a laugh, "Ok, I'm ready - come on Chris."

Having settled the tip of my cock in Dick's arsehole I let myself down slowly but steadily, feeling the tightness of his sphincter muscles as I pushed through them. There was some slight initial resistance and then I seemed to pop inside, at which point I held still, imagining that my insertion might hurt Dick but it was not to be.

"Well come on then!" he said, "Push it all the way in then - feels perfect so far."

"Doesn't it hurt then?" I asked as I let my body descend, sliding the rest of my penis into his hole easily and smoothly, "Mmmmm, that's nice!"

"No, I felt you stretch me but it felt good," murmured Dick, "And now you're inside it feels amazing," 

"Ahhhh!" gasped Judy as my weight pressed down, "Ohhh, that's wonderful - I feel so full!"

"Yeah and me, it's really good," added Dick as his anus pulsated around my penis, "Best of both worlds for me!"

There was silence for a little while as we pressed up and down but we were out of synch somehow, until Dick turned to look towards me.

"Got to get into rhythm," he said, slowly easing his rump up and down, "When I push into Judy, you push into me - then we'll both lift up and do it again, ok?"

"Yeah fine," I agreed, already enjoying our sexual threesome, "When you're ready then..."

A moment or two later Dick held his hand up, then lowered it and as he did so we both pressed our cock into their respective holes.

"Oooppphhh! Ohhh, that's better!" groaned Judy, "Oh fuck - that was amazing!"

It didn't take us long to get working as a team and I noticed that each time I pressed down, Dick's hole seemed to tighten, presumably as a result of his efforts to insert himself into Judy.

"Oh, this is definitely better!" cried Judy, "This is going to make me cum so quickly! Ohhh fuck, won't take long at this rate!"

Before long we'd upped the pace somehow and each time I pressed down both Judy and Dick gasped as their level of pleasure rose and rose but Judy could only take so much before exploding.

"Ahhh cumming, cumming!" she cried happily, "Oh god, big one - ahhh, massive! Oh god, oh wow!"

"Ohhh fuck, she's so tight now!" grunted Dick, "Gonna make me cum too if we keep going!"

"Do it then - I'm not far off either," I panted as we continued to rise and fall together, "Do we keep going?"

"Oh yes, keep going! Ohhh yes, yes!" gasped Judy as her body jerked hard beneath us, "I'm up there now - I'm having one orgasm after another all the time - it's incredible!"

"That's not helping me!" grunted Dick, "You keep that up and I'll be cumming real soon!"

I couldn't stop now either, such was the level of excitement beneath me and I kept slamming my cock into his eager hole, driving his penis into Judy too - and each time we plunged down Judy cried out in happiness and shuddered once again, until we reached the limit.
