 We, the residents of our care establishment, had all been offered an experimental implant and out of some fifty people 'in residence' something like half of us had agreed to be willing volunteers to test the effects. The implant was said to substantially enhance sexual enjoyment and activity in more elderly people – and it proved to work excellently well, especially if my own experiences were anything to go by and most of us enjoyed the effects thoroughly. 

The one strange side-effect however was that the implant seemed to warp our sexual orientation so that normally heterosexual people tended to become homosexual or at least bisexual but because of the extra sexual enjoyment that we were all experiencing, no-one seemed to mind. 

It seemed that the chemicals in the implant were adjusting more than just our bodies...

Whatever, once the slow-release chemicals had begun to take effect, an ever-growing band of newly eager sex lovers could be found, most of them enjoying some energetic debauchery with others – of both genders. 

0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0

As a good start for the day, my visit to see the doctor had been absolutely perfect, even though I now had to spend the rest of the morning recovering which was a stark reminder that I was well into my sixties and yet it was also proof, if any was needed, as to just how effective the implants were. The implant certainly seemed to work for me, possibly more so than for some others and now that I'd been able to embrace both sides of life, the idea of feeling decidedly gay at times didn't worry me any longer. To my newly awakened mind sex in any form was now very welcome and decidedly enjoyable!

I sat relaxing in the morning sunshine as I recovered, enjoying small-talk with some other residents over a mid-morning cuppa and then suddenly it was time for lunch and I levered myself from my comfy chair and headed to the dining room. It was quiet today with many residents seemingly missing, either still in their rooms or out around town and for a change I was the only man at our table.

Nancy and Mary were already there and we were joined by a more elderly lady who was apparently just here for the day in a confused kind of way. Assorted elderly people used the catering facilities alongside the residents – some whom we saw regularly and others only maybe the once. We always welcomed the visitors but they seldom became part of our 'inner circle'.

Mary immediately smiled as she saw me and patted the chair next to her, and as I'd hankered after her body ever since I first arrived at the care home, I was far from displeased. Nancy, on the other hand concentrated on keeping the other woman company.

"Where on earth have you been Chris," said Mary immediately as I sat down, "I hardly ever see you around."

No way was I going to immediately tell her that I seemed to have spent most of my time enjoying energetic gay sex with our other regular table companions but I could hardly make the excuse that I'd been hiding away in my rooms either.

"Sorry Mary, it's nothing personal, I assure you. I just seem to have made plenty of friends," I said, relieved to have found suitable words, "This is a brilliant place – so many nice people here!"

"So many very, very friendly people, you mean," Mary answered with a big smile, "And you certainly seem to have become very friendly with Bill and Dick and Joe, haven't you, oh, and Peter?"

"Well, they're here at our table pretty well every day so we find loads to talk about," I said, edging away from anything to do with sex, "So many different backgrounds to chew over and enjoy."

Mary leaned close to me.

"And so many nice big cocks to enjoy too!" she whispered, to my complete shock.

"Ummm, guess so," I said, not sure how to proceed, but feeling tremors happening at my groin.

"And do you know what?" she asked and I look hopefully at her, awaiting her revelation, "So many of the men have turned gay – it's not fair!"

I sat there open mouthed as I heard her words, because the last thing I expected her to say was that.

"It's the implant apparently," I said, recovering quickly, "Tends to turn your sexual orientation sideways or something or so they say."

"Oh dear, has it turned you?" Mary asked quietly, as her hand came to rest on my arm, "You haven't turned gay have you – surely not?"

I shook my head while inside me things stirred eagerly just as Mary smiled hugely, her fingers tightening on my arm.

"Oh I'm so pleased!" she murmured, "It's been such a struggle."

"What do you mean, a struggle?" I asked, totally dumbfounded.

I frowned as I wondered what she meant but left her to continue.

She turned even more towards me as she spoke intimately into my ear.

"There's you men all enjoying yourselves and here's little old me being ignored!" she said with a twisted smile, "It's such a struggle because I get so frustrated! I haven't had a cock for years!"

Light dawned on me.

"So you want me to help, do you?" I asked, hardly believing that I'd be so lucky as to get to fuck Mary and as I spoke I felt my heart pounding and my cock rising while Mary nodded her head eagerly.

"Do you think you could?" she asked and as she did so her hand slipped off my arm and came to rest on my thigh, "I'd be ever so grateful!"

"Your place or mine?" I asked softly, feeling my cock rising more quickly, "After lunch, eh?"

"Oh yes, definitely!" she answered eagerly, then added, "Come down to my place." 

Her hand now slid up my thigh and began stroking the steadily stiffening shaft of my penis through my shorts.

"Ohhh Chris, that feels wonderful," she breathed softly beside me, "Can you use it properly?"

"Think so!" I said with a smile, "I'll do my best!"

Beneath the table her hand had now turned my penis into a solid length of steel that threatened to rip my shorts apart!

"Yesss – I do hope so!" hissed Mary, her hand leaving my penis just as our lunches were delivered to the table, "Hurry up and eat – I'm starving!"

We turned to our meals but while I began devouring mine eagerly, Mary just picked at hers.

"I thought you said you were starving?" I asked but she shook her head.

"Starving for cock!" she breathed, her cheeks glowing with excitement, "I can't wait!"

It didn't take me long to finish my dinner but then there was some ice cream and then cups of coffee afterwards and all the time I could feel Mary's eagerness rising. It didn't help me that she had now found my cock again and even though she didn't try to jerk me off or extract my penis from my shorts, her gentle fingers were extremely arousing.

"Hurry up!" she hissed as her grip on my cock tightened suddenly, "I need you!"

"What do you need Mary?" asked Nancy from around the table, "Anything I can help with?"

"No, no, I'll manage," said Mary quickly, "Well, with Chris's help that is."

"Another pair of hands is always useful," added Nancy as she did her best to find out more, but Mary was in no mood to share.

"No, I said we'd be ok," she said firmly, "I'll give you a call later on if I need you."

With that Mary pushed my half finished coffee away and stood up, pulling me with her. Quickly I turned so that my erection wasn't on show but I it seemed that I wasn't quick enough.

"Ohhh Mary, I think you've got him all worked up!" said Nancy, "You're not keeping that all to yourself, are you?"

"Yes, I am," exclaimed Mary firmly, "He's mine – you can have him later if you're lucky!"

"But you might wear him out!" exclaimed Nancy as she too rose from the table, "Let me help, please!"

"No way – later, if I leave anything for you!" she insisted, as she did her best to pull me from the dining room, "Perhaps you can have him tonight."

For a moment or two I felt like some commodity that was being traded before Mary's fine breasts pressed against my arm as she tried to lead me astray and at once I felt my desire for her growing again – and so did my cock.

"Ohhh look at him!" exclaimed Nancy, her eyes wide open, "Look at the size of him!"

My cock was a rigid tool now but thank heavens it was still inside my clothing but even so my penis had lifted my shorts to produce a seemingly huge bulging tent and Mary herself now turned to check me out.

"Goodness me, that does look big!" she said as she smiled at Nancy, "Ohhh, I'm really going to enjoy this!"

Nancy made a move that implied that she was going to accompany us, but Mary was insistent, determined and single-minded as she pushed me from the room.

"Later, I said," she announced firmly, "There's plenty there for us both."

"Both together?" asked Nancy, still hopeful, but Mary just laughed and let the dining room door close behind us.

"Come on lover boy," she said breathlessly, "I need you – every damn inch of you!"

It didn't take her long to get me to her door and then we were quickly inside her unit and I was able to glance around in admiration. She'd decorated the place with very clever designs which apparently had been of her own making. 

"That's what I used to do – design patterns for a wallpaper company," she explained and she settled beside me on the sofa, "So, what did you used to do?"

"Nothing special," I murmured as her hand came to rest on my thigh, "I was in sales, domestic fittings actually."

"Ohhh, so you'll know all about how a woman likes things to fit nicely together!" she said, her breast now pressing firmly against my arm, "Yesss, I can see we'll get along perfectly!"

Her hand had now slid over my penis once again and I was erect in an instant once more, a fact that she was immediately aware of and which she responded to at once. Her fingers closed around my shaft eagerly, then she pulled me to her, twisting our bodies around deliciously.

"Kiss me," she demanded urgently and I complied willingly, feeling her lips to be astonishingly warm, soft and delicious.

We clung together for a few minutes as we smooched, our lips slipping and sliding, our tongues already getting to know each other, our juices mingling wetly.

"Ohhh Chris, I needed this, I need you," moaned Mary, "Come on, take me to bed!"

She rose and pulled me upright, then plastered herself against me, her urgent pussy rubbing firmly against my stiff cock and her lips finding mine once again. We seemed to be dry humping vertically which was getting us nowhere except frustrated and Mary knew it.

"No, not here, come on," she moaned, "Through here please, I want you, properly!"

She walked ahead of me into her bedroom and even before I was there she was shedding clothes – first her skirt that exposed her lower half clad in just a remarkably brief pair of panties; then her blouse that revealed her bounteous breasts inside her skimpy bra. I was impressed by her most excellently well-maintained body and knew immediately that she was going to be an excellent lover. Her shoes, like mine, were already missing and now she turned and set about me, undoing my belt and shorts in a moment. 

In an instant she was urging me to step out of them, then my underpants were around my ankles and her hand was around my bare cock.

"Oh Chris, he's lovely!" she sighed as she rubbed her face against my rigid eager penis, "Can't wait – take your shirt off and come and lie down!"

By the time I'd lifted my t-shirt over my head Mary was naked and was settling herself in the middle of the double bed, a sight that I'd missed for years. A warm – no, hot – woman stretched out to await me, her hair a halo on the pillow, her face smiling eagerly, her breasts a pair of lovely soft mounds that now flowed to each side of her chest, her deliciously protruding nipples, her body smooth and welcoming and her pussy a deliciously hairy mound within which her lips had parted company. There was no way that she looked her age and I would honestly have guessed that she was in her well-kept forties at the latest.

I felt my cock jerk with enthusiasm as I climbed onto the bed with her and then, at her urging, I settled myself on my knees between her wide-spread legs. 

"Don't go messing around – I just want him inside me!" she said, her voice quivering with desire, "I just want to feel that nice big cock, please!"

It certainly wasn't in my mind to back out or delay matters and with her pleads filling my brain I lowered myself until I was poised above her, supported by my hands and my knees with my penis quivering some three inches above her pussy.

"Just shove it in!" she cried urgently, "I'm so wet – I want to feel it – hurry up!"

I held my penis in my hand as I gazed down at the sight before me. My penis looked bigger than ever and with my foreskin retracted my knob seemed to look almost too generous as it glistened and glowed with energy and lubrication. I lowered myself down until my knob fitted between her lips, then I slid my gleaming knob up and down her slit, gathering her warm slippery juices all over my extremity.

"Ahhh, that feels perfect, hope you're ready," I said, feeling that I too could hardly wait, "Here I come then!"

I pressed my cock into her pussy and after a very slight pause while I located and plugged into her hole, I slid straight into her until our pubes were firmly meshed together. It felt as if I was sliding my penis into the most perfect place, an orifice that my cock slid smoothly into like a finger into a warm, tight and well-lubricated glove.

"Ohhhh yesss!" panted Mary, her vagina already squeezing my cock, "Ohhhh god, that's what I wanted!"

"You're so wet aren't you?" I remarked as I pressed deeper and Mary smiled as her pussy continued pulling at my cock and caressing me.

"What do you expect?" she breathed, her excitement clearly visible, "You men have all been so busy with one another that you've just left me out and I've been getting so horny!"

"I'm sorry – I didn't realise," I admitted, "Would have helped sooner..."

"You're here now," said Mary happily, "Ohhh god – you're here and I'm getting there already!"

I pressed deeply into her once again and as I did so Mary convulsed violently, her whole body shaking and quivering, her pussy the tightest thing I'd ever had my cock inside.

"Ahhh, cummming, cummming!" she cried loudly as she shook and climaxed and clung to me and my cock, "Ahhhh, can't stop – one after another – oh god, it's wonderful!"

I hung on to my ride as her body threw itself everywhere, my seat partially assisted by her arms which had wrapped themselves around me, until finally she began to calm down and I was once again able to move my penis.

"Ohh Chris!" she panted, her face reddened and gleaming with sweat, "That was astonishing – I came inside a minute I think – I've never down that before!"

"You had the implant too, didn't you?" I asked and Mary nodded quickly.

"That's what it does for you," I said, "Makes you twice as horny as you've been for ages and when you cum you cum so hard too!"

"Do you?" she asked as her vagina tightened around me once again, "Do you cum hard too?"

I nodded happily and Mary smiled back then began to move her body under me, her hips now rising and falling as she worked on my cock. We settled into a nice smooth rhythm of fucking, our bodies in unison as we enjoyed the act of fornication, the feeling of our sex organs working as one.

Each thrust, and they'd become gentle thrusts now as we slowly headed towards her next climax, pressed my cock through her soft warm flesh, the muscles of her pussy working to caress and stroke me deliciously and each stroke was a pleasure for us both as every single nerve ending delighted in the sensations we were creating.

We were in no rush and yet, even so, such was our pleasure that Mary was already seemingly close to orgasm once again. I could feel the way her pussy seemed to be gripping my cock more firmly, the way her hips seemed to have become more energetic and even just the look on her face as I slid my cock in and out showed how much she was enjoying herself.

"Chrissss," she hissed slowly, her face starting to tighten, "I think I'm going to cum again – I can't help it!"

"Let it go – enjoy it," I crooned softly, loving the way she was getting so much pleasure, "What else can I do to help?"

"Suck me, suck my tits!" she moaned, "Chew on them too."

"Mmmmmm," I hummed as I bent down and located a nipple, "No problem!"

Quickly I settled my lips over her nipple, feeling it immediately rise and stiffen as I sucked at it, and then, once it had grown I began softly chewing on it, sliding my teeth gently over her teat, teasing her erotic senses at both ends now.

"Ohhhh, yesss!" she groaned, her hips working even faster and harder now, "You'll make me cum – you will, you will!"

"Any time, just let it go!" I urged and Mary responded quickly.

"Oh god, here it cums!" she gasped as her entire body stiffened and tightened a moment later, "Oh Chris, oh Chris – I'm cumming again, cumming!"

Then she was off on another hip-shaking; pussy-clenching; juice-making climactic ride that grew and grew in intensity until suddenly it ended and Mary slumped down all soft and limp and hot under me.

"Oh fuck – what a ride!" she panted through sweaty lips, "I can't – I can't believe how good that was – all thanks to you!"

"No, no, all I did was to provide the cock," I said calmly, "But it was just what you needed, wasn't it?"

"I'll say!" said Mary, still panting, "I really was starting to despair – you guys were having all that fun and I wasn't."

"Didn't you fancy any of the other men?" I asked as I pressed my cock deeply into her, "Or even the other women?"

Mary shook her head and smiled contentedly.

"Not really, I've not been one for playing around," she explained as her pussy began to move around my cock once again, "But I've had you in my sights ever since you came here – I'm so pleased you're here now."

"Me too," I added as I began to slide in and out of her newly re-energised hole, "I think I fancied you from the start as well."

"We must be made for each other," moaned Mary as her pussy reacted and tightened in waves, "Ohhh, your cock certainly fits me perfectly!"

We giggled together like a pair of kids as we gently made love, our bodies sliding smoothly against each other, our organs delighting in the pleasures of the flesh and our lips occasionally meeting too. It felt like a whole new love affair and not only was Mary a very willing partner but she was a highly desirable one too, especially to someone of my age.

"Ohhhh, goodness me, I'm going to cum again!" moaned Mary as her body suddenly went into overdrive, "Ohhh, ohhhh, ohhh yesss! Oh my god – it's cumming again!"

Suddenly she was convulsing and squirming and cumming madly on my still very stiff penis, her pussy thrusting at me, even her legs had lifted and wrapped themselves around my hips, driving my cock deeply into her.

"Ohhhh, ohhhh yessss!" she cried happily, "It's wonderful – it's amazing!"

I kept fairly quiet as Mary enjoyed her long-awaited orgasms, just ensuring that my penis stayed stiff and well embedded inside her until she slowly returned to normal.

"Phew!" she breathed deeply, her vagina softly caressing me, "I don't know where they're coming from! I don't think I've ever cum so hard or so often!"

"Like I said, blame those implants," I commented as I let my cock slide slowly in and out, "It's certainly worked well for me."

"Has, hasn't it?" Mary murmured as she squirmed gently on my erection, "Best ride I've ever had, I think!"

"No, I'm not that good," I professed but Mary almost glared at me.

"I know what a good fuck feels like Chris," she answered, "And you're giving me a really wonderful time, so don't put yourself down."

"Thanks for the praise then," I purred, "You ready for some more?"

I hadn't cum yet so I was still firmly hard and so, eager for more and taking a deep breath I plunged my penis deeply back into her hot pussy causing Mary to gasp again.
