 It had been a hot day and hadn't cooled off much during the evening. Grandma's house didn't have air conditioning so the place was usually a little uncomfortable on nights like this, even with the presence of fans all over the place.

I was dripping wet even though I was only wearing pajama bottoms. Sweating like a pig even though the PJ's were made of lightweight fabric. I was perspiring so much they were stuck to my skin, and my mouth was getting so dry that I was tempted to suck the sweat out of them. I would have given anything for a drink.

The problem was that I was unable to move, and the reason was that I was standing in my Grandma's closet. Standing there just like Ted had told me to do over in the side of the closet he had cleared out for me, looking through a raised slat in the louvered closet door.

Ted was standing there in the middle of Grandma's bedroom as naked as the day he was born, smiling and looking in my direction while pulling on his limp cock. From next door I heard the sound of a sink running and then being turned off.

That was Grandma in there getting ready for bed. Poor Grandma. I felt like a pervert. I kept telling myself this wasn't my idea. It wasn't my fault. Ted made me do it.

"You'll like it," Ted had informed me. "You liked to listen to us fuck. Just think of how much better it will be to stand in there and watch us in action. I'll bet you end up jacking off."

"What if she opens the closet door and sees me standing there?"

"She won't. I know her routine, but if she makes a move towards the closet I'll tackle her," Ted explained. "Believe me when I say that I don't want her seeing you in there anymore than you do want to be seen. I think you'll be surprised at your Grandma. She's not the same woman behind closed doors."

Maybe not, but it was hard to picture little Grandma Effie acting anything like how Ted had said she did. I had protested this violation of Grandma's privacy at first but Ted was not moved by my argument. At his direction I had run down to Grandma's bedroom and let Ted put me in the closet after she went to the bathroom, a closet which was stifling hot with zero air circulation to boot.

"You like to keep me waiting, don't you Effie?" Ted's voice declared as he trumpeted the entrance of Grandma into the bedroom.

This is sick. I felt dirty as I watched my poor Grandma come over to Ted, wearing her long nightgown that looked like something that grandmothers always were on TV. Covered from neck to toe.

"Good things are worth waiting for, aren't they?" Grandma asked with a giggle as Ted swallowed up her little body in his arms.

"They sure are," Ted said, moving her around so he was behind her giving her a bear hug.

He had positioned Grandma so they were both facing the closet. It was like he was putting on a play, a play with an audience of one. One sweaty kid staring through a closet door slat at his Grandma who was getting mauled by the same guy who had sucked my cock earlier in the day.

His hands were everywhere, pawing my Grandma though her nightgown while she leaned back into him and practically swooned. 

"Aren't you going to turn the light off?" Grandma asked as he began lifting the nightgown off of her. "At least dim it?"

"No," Ted said as he looked straight ahead at the closet. "You look so hot I want to see you when we fuck."

"Flatterer!" Grandma said, her voice muffled as the nightgown went over her face.

I wasn't going to look. I had told myself that all day because the thought of looking at a naked 65 year old woman was not appealing to me at all. The fact that the senior citizen was my own Grandma made it worse.

I couldn't help it though. She was right in front of me. I had onlt one seen other live woman naked before. My mother. I had been curious so I peeked at her one time when she was dressing, and to be honest Grandma had a better body.

Mom had way bigger tits, but other than that Grandma's body was in much better shape. Grandma was only about 5' tall and couldn't weigh 100 pounds soaking wet, so there was very little meat on her bones.

The waist was a little fleshy but other than that she was as shapely as a woman her age could be. I was surprised at Grandma's breasts, which looked nothing like I had pictured her dressed.

Grandma's tits weren't large; the pale breasts were slender tubes that hung down to her waist, with large auroelas and plump nipples. I think they called them banana boobs, and Ted was making a production of showing me how pliant they were.

"Ooh!" Grandma moaned as Ted mauled her breasts from behind. 

Ted treated Grandma's drooping orbs as roughly as he had my balls the night before, and just like I had then Grandma seemed to be reveling in his brutality. Ted even grabbed Grandma's nipples and lifted her tits with the pegs in his fingers so the breasts pointed straight out, stretching the loose cones as far as he could.

"I want to fuck you so bad!" Ted sneered while looking at the open slat to where he knew I was watching.

"You mean you want to fuck me so good, don't you?" Grandma giggled as he leaned back to try and kiss Ted.

Grandma doesn't have any hair between her legs. I had been so caught up in everything else that I hadn't noticed that. Mom had a big bushy triangle of hair around her pussy but Grandma's was bald and the absence of hair made her pussy lips look large. Large and moist.

"It would be even better if you let me fuck in you in the ass," Ted suggested.

"No it wouldn't!" Grandma yelped playfully. 

"How about giving me something else I like then?"

"Now THAT I'll do, because you know I love doing that!" Grandma declared, and with that they went to the bed.

Ted went to the night table and pulled out a purple plastic fake dick which hummed and undualated when he hit a switch. Grandma was on her back waiting as Ted put lube on it.

"You like this toy, don't you Effie?" Ted said as he knelt between Grandma's spread thighs while sliding the vibrator into Grandma's pussy.

The bed was positioned so I had a side view of them so as a result I didn't see the thing go in, but by the way Grandma reacted she certainly did like it.

"Oh yeah. Put it all the way in. Get me ready for that horse cock of yours," Grandma grunted, and although I cringed when I heard Grandma talk like that it was also erotic in a way.

"Come on Teddy," Grandma said while Ted jiggled the part that was outside her pussy. "You going to make me beg for it? Get up here so I can toss your salad!"

I had no idea what Grandma was talking about but after Ted knee-walked up toward the headboard, I figured it out. Ted was holding the headboard and giving me a cocky look as he straddled Grandma's head and lowered himself onto her face, cackling while imploring her to get that tongue in deep.

It was all too surreal. My Grandma; sweet, adorable pie-making church-going widowed lady, was licking Ted's asshole. Not being forced to do it either. She had nearly begged for it, and the sounds she was making from Ted's ass-crack sounded like a pack of wolves tearing into a deer. 

As for Ted, he was riding her like he was on a horse and her face was a saddle. He had taken his hands off of the headboard and was pulling on his cock, occasionally looking in my direction while he ground his ass into her face.

Poor Grandma. Her face was jammed in Ted's ass-crack, licking at what was probably a funky and hairy balloon knot and now Ted was howling, "Yeah Effie. Get that tongue of yours in there deep!"

"Ssh! You'll wake Jeremy up!" I heard Grandma muffled plea from below, but it didn't stop her from what she was doing.

Ted was now hard and he had stopped jerking himself off, content to hang onto the headboard and let his monolith sway out in front of him until he finally declared it was time.

"Give me the real thing Teddy," Grandma cackled as she pulled the purple toy out of her and let Ted climb between her pale skinny thighs, her face flushed and her eyes looking like they had when I coaxed her onto the roller coaster at the county fair years ago.

"Ooh! Your pussy is so tight," Ted declared as he dipped the tip of his dick into her. "Like a little virgin." 

"Damn!" Grandma hissed, her face twisted as Ted pushed more and more of himself into her. "Never going to get use to how fucking huge you are!"

"And you love it you little slut," Ted snarled in response as he eased even more of himself into Grandma.

Hearing Grandma curse was no less weird than watching Ted impale her with his mammoth cock, and while I couldn't see the insertion I was able to see from the side that he only had about half of that log inside her.

Eight minutes later it was over. I knew that by the clock on the night table. Eight minutes of watching Ted treat my Grandma like a rag doll, moving her petite body around in a variety of positions for what I believed to be all of our benefit.

The one position I knew he did for my benefit. He had Grandma on all fours while he took her from behind, allowing me to see her face while he slapped his cock into her hard and fast. Her slender hangers swayed around wildly underneath her, practically rubbing against the sheets below as they flopped around.

"You're my little puppy, aren't you Effie?" Ted sneered as he grabbed a handful of her short grey hair and pulled her head back. "You had enough?"

"Less talking - more fucking," was Grandma's reply, coming out like a hiss and a challenge that caused Ted to laugh and throw her on her back for the grand finale.

Grandma had cum twice, the first one making her arch her back off the bedding while her face made like that painting "The Scream". She didn't make a sound, but I wondered whether she would have if I were not in the house.

Ted had cum once, which made him the loser if this was a contest. I don't know how many times I came, probably because by the end I was almost delirious. I was light headed and my mouth and throat were beyond parched. All I could think of at that point was Grandma please go to the bathroom like Ted said you always do after you make love.

It took a few minutes before Grandma slowly rolled off the bed, her usually pale skin flushed and red. As she stood up I could see the semen oozing out from between her reddened pussy lips and she was walking funny as she waddled to the bathroom.

"Well?" Ted asked with a leer as he opened the door, and then laughed when he saw me stagger out into the bedroom.

I said nothing as I lurched out of the closet like an extra from a George Romero movie, moving past Ted and hurrying down the hall while praying I didn't collapse from dehydration.

When I got to the bathroom and saw myself in the mirror, I could see why he thought I looked amusing. I looked like I just come out of a pool, and my pajamas were heavy with cum and sweat. After drinking many cups of water I got into the shower with my mouth open for more, and a more refreshing shower I had never experienced.

In bed afterward I thought about what I had just witnessed. I had been aroused, so much it was embarrassing to me. I was even aroused by Grandma, mostly about the way she talked and acted, although watching her was not as unpleasant as I had feared.

I also knew that as much as the thought frightened me, when Ted wanted me I would let him take me. I would let him do whatever he wanted. Anything. I wanted to be like Grandma, at his mercy and unable to resist his magical manhood.

***

The next day was awkward from the start. Looking at the two senior citizens puttering around the kitchen while I sat there eating my cereal and trying not to look at them without seeing them naked.

"Are you coming down with something?" Grandma had asked when she first saw me. "You look pale."

"I'm okay," I replied. "Didn't sleep very well."

"It was hot in here last night," Ted suggested while winking at Grandma, which caused her to stifle a giggle.

"Do you want to go into the city with us?" Grandma asked. "We're going to the mall."

"No, I think I'll hang out here," I said while grabbing at the chance to not have to look at Grandma.

How could she be like that? The things she said and the things she did were disgusting. She was just like - just like me.

"See you later," they both chirped as they left, with Ted adding a "much later" with a wink for good measure.

Tonight was apparently the night.

***

"Good boy," Ted declared after he pulled the sheet off of me later that night and saw that I was naked. "Did you like tonight's performance?"

"It was okay," I mumbled.

"Not the same as being in the room though, was it?" Ted asked as he rolled me onto my back.

"How did you manage to talk my Grandma into doing those things?" I asked.

"Didn't believe what you were seeing, did you?" Ted asked as he brought my hands back over my head.

"What are you doing?" I asked as I felt something cold and metallic click around my wrists.

"Having fun," Ted said while facing me on his side, and as he plucked a couple more hairs from the diminishing wisp under my arm he seemed to revel in my discomfort. "As for your Grandma, Effie wasn't as sweet and innocent as you thought even before we got together, so I can't take all the credit. What was your favorite part?"

"I dunno," I replied while looking at the purple toy that Ted was lubing up. "What's that?Grandma's thing?"

"No, she outgrew this one pretty fast," Ted explained. "It was a set of three and this is the little one. You saw the middle-sized one in your Grandma last night, and there's another one that's much bigger. Haven't used that yet. Would you like that?"

"No. What are you going to do with that?"

"Now what do you think I'm going to do with it?" Ted chuckled as he got up on his knees and spread my legs.

"Are you going to do it?" I asked with a trembling voice.

"Do what?"

"Fuck me in the ass?"

"I'm not but this is," Ted informed me as he waved the vibrator. "I'm just going to have some fun with this sweet ass of yours tonight. When I come in to fuck you in the ass, it will be on a night when I don't do your grandmother. I'm afraid I would never be able to get hard enough to get it in you otherwise. It's going to be tough enough - and look at that. Beautiful!"

Ted was examining my anus both visually and with a greased finger. The tip of his finger began by rubbing the puckered ring before probing a little ways in. From there, Ted slid his long bony finger as deep into me as he could, spinning the digit in and out while I writhed on the bedding.

"Such a beautiful ass. It looks like nothing had ever gone in or out that little pink ring," Ted claimed. "Have you ever looked at your anus? You know, with a mirror or something. You should, Jeremy, because it's magnificent. Trust me I've seen a lot of them."

"OW!" I yelped after I felt something clamp down on my balls, and while I couldn't see all that well it looked like Ted had put something around the top of my sack.

"Relax Jeremy," Ted said as he continued to skewer my rectum with his finger while scraping my suddenly taut nut sack with his fingernails. "Feels good doesn't it?"

I didn't answer although I guessed that the way my dick was curled back up and looking at my face was sort of an answer. Ted's finger came out of me and that hand reached down for the greased purple vibrator with the gently undulating tip.

"Yesss," Ted hissed as he gently eased most of the 6" inch toy into me, and as for me the sensation of that thing wiggling inside of me had me squirming and thrashing in the handcuffs. "I thought you'd like that.

Like an artist looking at his creation, Ted beamed down at me while kneeling at my side. His hands free, he used his left hand to stretch out his limp cock while using his right hand to twist my nipples and pluck another hair out from under my arm.

"So hard," Ted sighed as he let go of his dick to grab mine. "This is the first time I've touched this with my hands. Perfect. So hard that I can feel it pulsating in my fist. And you want to come already, don't you Jeremy?"

"Yes," I gasped while looking at Ted's hand wrapped tightly around my cock, with only the tip showing above his fist.

"No. Too soon," Ted chuckled. "You know when I asked you about anything that was your favorite thing from the show last night, I was hoping that you would have mentioned the rimming your Grandma gave me."

"It was gross," I moaned as my bowels continued to get tickled, although that was a bit of a lie on my part.

"Never did anything like that with anybody?"

"No."

"It's an incredible feeling," Ted informed me.

"Are you - you going to do that to me?" I gasped, unable to stop squirming.

"Heavens no," Ted said as he let go up my dick, and after my boner slapped back down he started knee-walking up to the headboard. "I have a better idea."

"NO! Please don't Ted," I whimpered when I saw what he was going to do. 

"Don't whine, Jeremy," Ted said as he climbed over me so his feet were against the headboard. You saw how badly your Grandma wanted to do."

"But I don't want to," I pleaded as Ted straddled my face, taking the opportunity to rub his cock and balls over my face a few times as he positioned himself the way he wanted.

"Know your role son," Ted said as he eased down onto my face.

It was all a lie. I think I had wanted to do this ever since I saw him do this with Grandma. I wanted my face to be where Grandma's was the night before but I could never admit it because it would show how depraved I had become, and now it was happening. Being forced to somehow made it alright.

Sensory depravation. That was my initial reaction as my eyes and ears become blocked by the pressing of Ted's flesh around my face, but that wasn't exactly true because there was nothing impeding my senses of smell and taste.

As I watched Ted's ass easing down and I saw where my mouth was going to be, I saw that it was every bit as hairy as I had guessed. Then the aroma hit me. It was a cocktail with a wide variety in the potion. Ted's crotch reeked of pussy, cum and sweat from being with Grandma, but then the ass cheeks opened up and overwhelmed me with the powerful fumes while my tongue burned with the tart taste of Ted's ass. 

I guess he was clean although I had nothing to judge it against, but even though I couldn't see there was no mistaking where my tongue was. Ted was riding my face like he had Grandma's and much to my shame I not only didn't resist but instead lapped like a puppy at the furry ring and when the tip of my tongue found the opening I pushed it in.

My dick was screaming for relief despite the discomfort I felt with whatever that Ted had clamped around my balls, but I kept trying my best to do as well as Grandma had. Ted's balls were scraping my neck and chest as he rocked on face and by the way he was moving I suspected that Ted was jacking himself off while I rimmed him.

That suspicion was confirmed when I heard a main groan from above, and after that moan I felt warm fluids dropping on my chest and stomach. Ted mercifully climbed off my face and looked down on me with a pleased expression.

"You love ass every bit as much as your Grandma does," Ted opined, and I nodded but I was in distress.

"Please Ted!" I practically sobbed, the effect of that vibrator whirring around in my ass combined with my nuts in something that obviously kept me from cumming making me almost delirious.

"Oh yes. Jeremy wants to cum, doesn't he?" Ted smiled while joining me in looking down at crimson dick pointing at us.

I couldn't see my scrotum, which was probably just as well if the dull ache was any indicator of what they looked like. Ted could see them though, and after he got down there he scraped his fingernails on the very taut skin before easing the vibrator in my all the way.

