 This is my first story I hope all like it. The story is based in truth but not a true story, only about 25 percent true. The rest fantasy.

*****

I received an email from my cock master this morning. He informed me of how long it has been since the last time I was on my knees serving him as a good cocksucker should. I replied apologizing and that I would certainly make it up to him as soon as I could. He basically commanded that I come over immediately and get on my knees and suck his dick until he fills my mouth full of cum. 

I have definitely become his cock slave but for reasons beyond my control I have not been able to service his cock going on two months now. Today was no different as my wife and I were headed out to run some errands and do some shopping. I let him know that I just could not get away. 

He has been very understanding and accommodating since I am married. But it has been almost two months, he needs to blow a load and has no back up as I have usually been free on command. And I am the best I might add. 

My wife and I are walking through the mall and who do I see? My cock master going the other direction, he definitely sees me and gives me a look. I freeze for a few seconds and totally lose my train of thought. My wife asks if I am ok as she notice seemed shaken. I said yeah I thought I just saw my ex-wife but that if very unlikely. There would be no reason for her to be around here at all. My wife agreed and we continued on our way.

My wife was now saying that she wanted to go to Victoria's secret and look around. For as much as I like the like everything about that store I don't particularly care to stand around in there while she shops. So here is my chance, I tell her I am going to go down to the sporting goods store and look around for a baseball bat or something manly. She understood, we decide to meet back at the food court in a couple of hours and we parted ways.

I am looking at the some baseball bats when I feel a tap on my shoulder and a stern voice telling me to follow him. I think to myself, we are in a public place and my wife is close by he just wants to talk. I say hey what's up, like we can talk here but he says to me lets go, very sternly. What? I say, you can't be serious. My senses tell me no, I can't do anything here but deep down I want to please him, and I really do want to taste his cock as it has been a while.

I play a little hard to get but he isn't having any of it. He grabs my arm and says again lets go. What can I do, I say ok try and act cool in case anyone hears and I follow him. 

He leads me to the back of the store and we go out an exit into a hallway that to the left goes outside and the right to some offices. We go right, to my surprise, the into an open office on the left. He closes the door, I notice he does not lock the door. He says to me to not worry that no one will come in. I say to him how do you... He cuts me off before I can finish, he tells me to not worry about that and to get on my knees. I hesitate at first but it is kind of exciting, I trust he knows it is safe for some reason but exciting still knowing someone could walk in. 

I am on my knees, I look up at him, you know what to do he says almost angrily. I look around quick and get to what it is I should be doing. I unbutton and unzip his pants, of course he is not wearing underwear and his beautiful cock lays out before me about 3 quarters hard. I know he is horny. I lick his shaft, precum already spilling out his cock head. I lick it up and he grabs my head and shoves his cock in my mouth and deep down my throat. Holding my head he starts fucking my mouth. He is very aggressive and I can tell he won't last. He does not let me work his cock at all, no licking his shaft and cock head, no sucking his balls. This will definitely be a quickie. All the sudden about two minutes in I feel his cock pulsing already. He moans loudly, and holds my head as I feel a huge load shoot into my mouth. One huge load then multiple shots fill my mouth. His cum tastes so good, it has been too long. 

He cums so much it almost overflows my mouth but I swallow, and swallow, giving him as much pleasure as I can, I want all his cum down my throat. This was his largest most powerful load I have ever received from him, he really needed my service. He releases my head and I work the rest of his cum out like a good cockslave should. After another minute he is complete and I zip him up and get ready to go. He complements me on my skill sucking his cock. As I open the door I thank him and told him how much I liked it. 

As I began to leave I told him I was glad he happened to be there and I that could do my duty as his cock slave and service him. He sat down in a chair and said that it was not an accident that he was there. He figured I would be at that mall and just showed up and walked around until he found me. He told me to close the door and get a drink that he was not done with me yet. He pulled a little bottle of poppers out of his pocket and told me to get ready for round two. He knows that without the poppers I sometimes loose my urge to fulfill my cocksucking duties.