 When I woke it was morning and I was erect. The sun was up, and I could tell it was hot. Looking over, I saw a slender, feminine body lying naked on its front, face away from me. The back curved into the most delicious ass, round and peachy. I reached out and touched the bottom, the soft skin like marble to my fingertips. I gently squeezed the firm buttocks and slide down the hairless legs.

I got up and went to the bathroom to piss. My cock was rock hard, so it bobbed up and down as I made my way to the toilet, and I had to wait a moment for it to subside. Still quite firm, I walked back out to see the body had awoken. Giorgios was still on his front, but staring around at me with his bubble butt slightly raised invitingly in the air, as if beckoning for me to enter his tight passage. He had a seductive, horny look in his eyes.

'Morning...'

I didn't respond, but smiled to myself and stroked my cock. Within seconds it was back up to hardness as I approached. Just imagining those round cheeks enveloping my penis was making it twitch with anticipation.

I walked over and shuffled onto the bed. I gripped his ass and motioned for him to lift it. Giorgios passed me the lubricant and I squirted oil into his hole, covering my cock as well until it was dripping with sweet smelling lube. 

Without bothering to open him up with my fingers (I was too horny) I positioned myself at his tight entrance and pushed. There was a little resistance but not much, and he raised himself further and pushed his buttocks onto my meat. His ass took my cock and I marvelled at how incredible it felt. Tighter than a pussy that's for sure.

I thrust in and out, same as I had done before, almost coming completely out of him. His soft moans increased in volume as he stroked his cock. The sides of his warm, wet passage massaged my shaft with the foreskin rubbing up and down in dizzying pleasure.

After a minute of this silent, relentless fucking I felt him tense as he increased his masturbation. I saw his cum shoot out from underneath and at the same time his already tight hole tightened even further. It was too much for me and I felt it all go. 

'Oh fuck, baby, this is it-' I shouted as I too came long and hard, panting as the strokes subsided.

We lay down for a few minutes.

'Nice way to wake up...' I panted.

'The best!' he responded.

'I need a shower. Fancy joining me?'

'Sure,' he smiled. We got up and walked into the bathroom, me following him and staring at the cute ass wobbling along. I stuck the water on, not too hot as it was boiling outside, and we got in. I was much taller than he was and I towered above him, squeezing his ass whenever he turned around.

'I want you to wash my cock,' I ordered.

'Yes sir.' Such an obedient little fag. He got on his knees and lathered my private area up, massing my balls and stroking the shaft. Within no time I was hard again.

'Hmm, you've got me hard you little fucker.' My hands were on his head to further emphasise his submission to me.

'Well, I guess my hands are just irresistible,' he almost whispered. With that, he opened his mouth and swallowed the whole of my penis, gulping it down. Tightening his lips, he drew his head all the way back, torturously slowly, and I popped out loudly.

'Stand up,' I said, quite keen not to cum twice and ruin things for later. He did so.

'Now turn around. Good girl. Now put your hands against the wall and thrust that cute little ass out for your man.' He carried out my instructions and I proceeded to lather his ass up. It was a pleasure for me even though he was being washed, and clearly loved my masculine touching from the way he sighed.

'What shall we do today then, my delicious little fag?'

'Ohh, how about, ooh, mmm, we go to the, oh fuck yes, go to the beach, ahh!' he managed to stutter out.

Now, I hadn't yet been out with him, and as a straight guy I was a little hesitant about being seen out in public with an obvious gay guy. If he was as flirtatious as when we met on the boat, people would definitely realise that we were fucking.

But, I figured, I was on this island full of strangers and I would likely never return. So what the heck, let's go to the beach. It might even give me a thrill to be with a feminine gay in public.

'Sounds good, you little bitch, now tell me who your daddy is.'

'You are! You are, sir! Finger my hole!'

'You're a dirty little slut aren't you? Desperate for a real man's cock inside you.'

'Yes! Yes, sir!'

I squeezed, fondled and fingered that butt for a good five minutes, after which he too was hard. But I brushed aside the temptation to slip inside him and cum, instead turning the shower off, spanking him hard and exiting the room.

***

A few hours later we were on the beach. It was a beautiful Med beach: long, white sand, a deep blue sea and a gentle breeze. It wasn't too full, but we were definitely not alone. If we were, I'd have been tempted to fuck there and then. You see, Giorgos was wearing a thong swimsuit. As in the morning, he was lying face down, with his beautiful buttocks encased by the lycra material. They were slightly untanned, not much, but just enough to highlight them further. Having said that, they were dark enough that he obviously spent a lot of time naked in the sun.

I was drinking a beer, and had already had a couple, under the shade of the umbrella. I was nicely buzzed, and not too concerned by now about people seeing us together. Plenty of guys had walked past and checked my companion out, taking him for a hot, topless young woman with a killer ass. Little did they know that she was a he. I reckoned that if they'd got Giorgos alone before realising that, none of them would have declined a fuck or at least a blowjob.

'Hey,' I heard. 'Would you rub some cream into my back? I don't want to be too burnt to have sex later.'

'With pleasure,' I responded, taking the bottle and straddling the feminine body under me. I squeezed some lotion onto my hands, thinking how it could so easily be used to lubricate his back passage for a fucking, and rubbed together.

I put my dripping hands onto his back. The soft skin was a delight to touch, tanned and warm as it was. My hands rubbed firmly into the slight muscles, massing more than smearing, and worked their way downwards. His back curved in at the bottom, and soon my fingers were under the material. I pulled the thong down slightly, and liberally massaged his ass for the second time that day.

Reluctantly, I went to the legs. They were just like a young woman's, and I made sure to go inside and gently touch the edge of his testicles. I felt his cock, something I hadn't done much, and gently rubbed the head. I felt him get hard. I took it in my right hand, with plenty of sun cream acting as lubricant, and so slipped up and down his erect member.

I remembered that we were in public, so after a minute or so of gently masturbating him I let go and pulled up his swimming costume (or what there was of it).

'Ohh,' he moaned. 'I was just getting into that!'

'Well, there are other people around, so maybe let's cool off a little.'

'An excellent idea!' I didn't know what he meant, but suddenly he was up and walking toward the water. He turned around. 'Hurry up!'

I too got to my feet and followed him to the water. The whole time I was staring and his ass wobbling around in that thong, his hips swaying from side to side like a woman.

When I hit the water it was cold, but as it was so hot out I thought it felt nice. I was feeling horny, very horny, especially since I had rejected an orgasm earlier. When up to our chests in sea, Giorgios came over and wrapped his arms around me. He looked into my eyes and moved his head to mine. We kissed passionately and sexually. I turned to his side and gently bit his neck.

By now, he had wrapped his slender legs around me. I felt one of his hands massage my chest then go down, down into my shorts. He felt my hardening cock and beginning massaging it. I hoped nobody knew what we were doing.

My hands were on his ass, squeezing it. Then I too got under his swimwear, gently easing a finger into his asshole. We were in full view of the beach but fuck it, I no longer cared. I shoved that finger, soon joined by a second, deep into his ass until I was hitting his prostate.

By now he had repositioned his head so his soft, smooth cheek was brushing against mine and sighing. In his mounting ecstasy he had left my cock alone and was squeezing my bigger upper body. Feeling his breathing increase to a rapid pace I picked up the fingering and reached down his front with my spare hand. His penis was rock solid and I had barely started to pulled the foreskin up and down when I felt his body tense, his asshole tighten and his cock quiver. He came there and then, in the deep blue sea.

I waited for his orgasm to subside and we headed back to the beach. For the rest of the afternoon I tried to keep my hard cock in its place.

***

At around 8 that night I got ready to go out. We were going to eat at some restaurant, which Giorgios said was good. I'd been sent to the front room as he said he had to get ready. He said it would be worth it as he had a surprise for me, and assured me I'd love it. I wondered what it could be.

I walked in and what a sight: Giorgos appeared feminine at the best of times, but tonight he was properly looking like a woman. Fuck man! This was like the hottest chick imaginable, and all mine to do as I pleased with.

He was wearing a white, cotton dress, slightly see through in the light. It was short and so tight around his ass. His legs, tanned and slender and hairless, came out like a woman's. He was wearing a face full of makeup, so his soft smooth face was identical to a girl's. Dark eyes, bright red lips, rouge on the cheeks ... the whole works. His hair had been curled and fell around his slender neck. His delicate feet were in heels, his painted toenails poking out at the front. I could smell the erotic perfume as he turned and bent over. The light was shining on his ass and I could see that he was wearing a tiny black thong underneath the fabric.

Catching my breath, I walked over and placed a hand on his back. I pushed him down onto the bed so his ass was thrust up. I lifted the material to see the thong stretched across his firm buttocks. Nobody on earth would guess this wasn't a young woman. 

I felt the fabric of the panties, thumbing the waistband and pulling down to mid thigh. Those legs were slender and tanned and felt smooth to my touch. Covering his buttocks with my hands I gently squeezed. By now I had a raging hard on, and couldn't wait any longer. His hair, recently washed, smelled so feminine, and lingered in the air with the perfume. His heels had made his slender legs taught and so sexy, and the ass was looking rounder than ever before. With the thong slipped halfway down, I could not help myself.

'Throw me the lube, you little slut.' He did. I lathered my penis up and his hole, fingering him mercilessly and roughly.

'You want my cock don't you, bitch?'

'Yes please!'

'Beg for it, slut!'

'Please, please give me your big, hard, straight boy's cock! Show me who the boss is, make me your girl!' I liked hearing this utter submission -- it made it seem less homosexual to be honest with you. Then, for good measure, he added a taunt.

'I bet you want me ass don't you? You want to turn me into your girl. Fuck me like you fuck one of your girls you big stud!'

That was it. I took my pulsating penis and drove it into his tight, warm, wet passage. He cried out in ecstasy and some pain, but I didn't care, I thrust and I thrust and I thrust. I took his right arm and pinned it behind his back. He was bent over the bed still, his ass being rammed with my cock, and looked so erotically helpless and vulnerable. My left hand went to his ass, squeezing and spanking his round cheeks constantly.

After only a few minutes I could hold off no longer -- he was too tight.

'Oh my fucking god! I'm cumming! I'm cumming!'

'Yes! Yes! Cum in my ass! Cum in my sissy ass big boy!'

'Fuck your slutty ass is too tight! FUCKK!'

At this point I unloaded by heavy ball sac in his butt, filling his insides with my warm seed. I pumped and pumped, seemingly volleying tonnes of the stuff.

Utterly spent, I fell onto him and lay there, panting. Five minutes later, I managed to withdraw from him and went to wash my cock. I heard him cleaning himself too.

***

I walked behind him into the restaurant. After we'd finished making love earlier -- or should I say fucking, perhaps, since it was so bestial and rough -- he had fixed himself up. His body was so feminine, as was his face and hair, and he was so covered in makeup, clouded in perfume and clothed in women's fabrics (not to forget the heels and painted toenails) that he was being mistaken by everyone for a slender young women. Men were staring at him, those with their wives and girlfriends trying to check him out more surreptitiously.

His ass was so tightly encased in that skirt that the thong was so visible. He wiggled through the door with men leering all around. I just wanted to squeeze it and I guess so did most of the restaurant -- probably even some of the women. 

We were served by a waiter who barely looked at me at his took us to our table. He was engrossed in my companion's legs as he sat down and crossed them, showing some slender bronzed thigh. 

It was a thrill to have this secret, but also to be the one with the hot 'girl'. Basically, right now I was with a chick with a dick, and that was it. Not a man, but a woman. I could feel myself getting hard despite the fact that I'd cum twice already that day.

We ordered and ate our delicious seafood. We had some white wine with it two, and after a couple of drinks I was feeling bolder. With all males (and some female) eyes still wandering to stare at my companion, I moved my hand over to his thighs. I caressed the soft skin up and down a few times. Then, I went in further and up... up... up. 

There wasn't much material on that dress, at least not on the bottom half, so by the time I'd stuck my hands up the skirt I could feel the soft lacy silk of his lingerie. His erection was popping out, so I gently stimulated him by rubbing the shaft. Nobody could see the penis of course, but anyone watching would have been aware of me pleasuring my companion under his (or, to them, her) dress. To be honest, I was so in the moment, so zoned out of the world, I had no idea who was looking.

Giorgios quietly started moaning to himself. Luckily there was a long tablecloth and we were in the corner. I wasn't quite sure whether to let him cum, but I continued for a while. Realising that it would ruin his outfit, I slowly came to a stop and withdrew my hand.

Giorgios shot me a pissed look... he wanted to cum bad! But I wasn't gonna let him. I was the boss. I was the man in charge. Still, I was myself desperately horny again and so decided we'd better get out of this place.

A short while later we paid up. Feeling bolder, I took my companion's delicate hand as we walked out the door. I could smell the perfume and out of the corner of my eye see his ass wobbling, tight in the white cotton dress. When he got to the car, he bent over slowly as he entered, affording me a look at that gorgeous bottom with the visible panty line sending my cock rock hard again.

I went round and sat in the other side. We passionately embraced, running our tongues over each other and invading each other's mouths. It was sloppy and wet, and he bit my lower lip.

'You naughty girl, I'm gonna punish you for that later...'

'Oh, baby, I hope you do. How are you going to punish your naughty little slut?'

'Well, I think I'm going to have to lift that skirt up and spank your slutty ass, you sissy.'

This thought had me hornier than ever, and I decided I had to fuck. We got moving.

***

We walked back inside his house. Obviously, I went behind so I could stare at that round ass. Mm, I'd enjoy punishing it.

The air was still. It was night, so dark and quiet. The only sound was the crickets. Giorgios put down his purse on a table and walked into the bedroom, taking off his earrings from under the long black hair in anticipation of his rough fucking.

I got a glass of water and rehydrated on this hot evening. After I was done, I walked into the bedroom for my long overdue ball draining.

Giorgios was sitting on the edge of the bed, slender legs crossed with the skirt riding up, a sultry look in his eyes that told me he wanted to be dominated. The white material clung to his feminine body. I was going to enjoy this.

'So, who has been a bad girl this evening?'

'I have, sir,' Giorgios whispered, smiling coyly. I walked over until I was standing above him.

'And what happens to bad girls?'

'They get punished.'

'Quite right,' I said, gripping his long hair and pulling his head back uncomfortably. I stood over, my face inches from his.

'What punishment did I promise earlier?'

'A spanking,' Giorgios breathed. I roughly kissed his, tongue all over his mouth, still gripping his head.

'Good girl. Now stand up!' I ordered, backing off as he stood up. Even in his heels I still stood over him.

My hands reached around the back and squeezed through the delicate material. Those delicious buttocks were spongy to my touch. My hard cock was pressed into the front of his belly.

'Turn around, slut,' I ordered, but in a soft tone, staring into his brown eyes.

'Yes sir!' He obediently did as he was told, slowly twisting so he was in front of his bed and I was behind. The control I had in this scenario really aroused me. He looked just like a girl.

Roughly, I slammed my palm into the middle of his back so he went forward, now bent onto his mattress. I lifted the hem of his dress, revealing his peachy round ass. I rested the skirt part on his bent back, so now he was bent over with an exposed ass. The purple lace thong was stretched across his feminine hips. I would enjoy slipping that off to expose him completely, but for now would leave it on as it looked so hot and womanly.

'So, naughty girl, here is your punishment!' I announced slowly.

Spank!

My right palm came down suddenly on his right cheek. His body shuddered with the impact and already I could see a red back.

'Oh, did my little girl not see that coming?'

'No sir.'

'Oh, baby, I'm so sorry,' I said sarcastically, aware that I was now dripping pre cum in a heavy dose. 'How about I rub your sore ass?'

I rubbed the buttock for a short while, before lifting my hand and spanking his other cheek. This time he cried in a pained yet pleasure inflected moan.

'Now both sides have received equal treatment. This will teach you to be such a naughty slut.'

'Yes sir!' Giorgios whimpered. I spanked the right cheek again. And the left. Maybe about half a dozen on each cheek until his ass was bright red and I'd felt satisfied.

'Good girl, you took your punishment like a real woman.'

'Am I excused now sir?'

'Well, I've given you enough of a spanking. But you still need to be taught your place...' I added mysteriously.

Pulling the tight purple fabric to the side, I exposed his ass crack. It was completely hairless, and the skin around it was a tad lighter than the rest of his dark legs due to his fondness for thong-class sunbathing. That was when at the beach -- at home he always lounged around naked.

I pressed my index finger in until I felt the hole. I heard a deeply erotic moan and I slipped my digit in and in further, right up to the knuckle. I slid right out then right in. I felt the delicate beauty beneath me start to shudder. I increased my pace, in and out. After a couple of minutes of more or less silent finger fucking I slipped my middle finger in. His hole was opening nicely in anticipation for my cock. In... out... in... out.
