 Greensboro, NC February 17.

It was a crazy time. I was approaching the half way point in a 27 city tour searching out sites for upcoming summer of rallies.

I climbed off the plane in Greensboro, NC and proceeded to the auto rental counter. The clerk greeted me cordially and asked my name. I panicked. I could not remember my name for a moment. Grabbing for my drivers license, everything came back, but what a fright.

I climbed into the car and headed off to Ramada Inn, near the airport. Checked in, put my luggage in the room. Went for some lunch in the hotel restaurant.

The group I was meeting with was located some 30 miles west of Greensboro, and wanting to spend as much time as I could with them, headed out early.

I arrived some 40 minutes later, had a terrific meeting and pot luck dinner before heading back to the motel, sleep, and the next plane ride the next morning.

I tried to sleep. I just could not sleep. Got up, took a nice warm shower, rolled a washcloth up to resemble a cock, covered it with a condom, slowly worked it into my ass as I masturbated. Had my orgasm, climbed back into bed and waited for sleep to take over my tired and relaxed body.

Sleep still evaded me. Next alternative, some liquor. So I dressed and headed to the motel's bar.

Taking a seat at the corner of a "U" shaped bar, ordered a screwdriver. 

There was what appeared to be a businessman sitting across the corner from me and we began to chat. At this point I honestly had not begun to think sex. I began to feel that he may be prospect as we chatted.

Fate stepped in with the arrival of another gentleman, young, more handsome and the "gaydar" sounded inside my head. He joined our conversation and the original chatter, excused himself and left.

I chatted with the second guy a few minutes, while I finished my drink. Set the empty glass down, started to rise from my seat, looked him in the eye and said, " I'm going to my room, would you like to join me?"

As we entered the room he immediately dropped to his knees and reached for my zipper. I told him he could suck it, but there was nothing for a reward as I had jacked off in the shower a short time ago. He still took my cock into his mouth and sucked it straight down his throat.

I enjoyed his talents, but what I really wanted and needed was to be totally and completely fucked until I figuratively was knocked out.

After a few minutes of watching his head bob up and down on my, now hard as a rock cock, I stood him up as we started to undress each other. Once naked we moved to the bed as we were playing with each others balls and hard cocks.

I reached into my overnight bag and took out some lube and a condom. He took the condom and started to roll it over my cock, I held his hands and told him, " NO, put it on you. I NEED to be fucked, and fucked hard." I watched in anticipation, my asshole puckering over and over with the thought of him inside me.

There is something so very, very special when you take a man inside your body.

We kissed. I worked lube into my very horny ass in preparation of his entrance into my now "throbbing" hole.

I straddled his hips. Kissed his lips, as I lowered myself onto his cock. No pain, no strain, one move and he was deep inside me.

I could only guess his length, somewhere around 6 inches, but it was sooo beautifully thick. He filled me with what I really needed and wanted. He fucked me, virtually non-stop for about 20 minutes...pausing now and then to let things cool off a bit.

For my part, I was having the most magnificent fuck of my entire 45 year life. Every stroke made love to my prostate. My cock was swinging and bouncing in every direction as I drove down on his cock as hard as I could. I wanted every inch, every square inch of cock skin to caress my insides. 

We both were having trouble breathing as we worked toward a climax. I leaned in and gave him another tongue sucking kiss and to my surprise, I came. Shooting cum up along his stomach and I felt some hit me.

That did it for him. I felt his cock swell to what felt like twice it's size and then the cum started to flow deep inside my hot ass.

It was strange, I wanted more. I was ready to try for seconds, or ask if he had a friend who could come and fuck me more. But, he begged off both parts, saying he had to get to work early the next day. A very proper kiss between us and he quietly closed the door as he left. 

I slept. Boy did I ever.

The next morning, I found great pleasure in clenching my buttocks and feeling the delicious soreness that comes from being well fucked. 

It stayed with me for two days. But the memory of my greatest fucking will be with me for all my days.

If you are in Greensboro, and you are the one who shared you body and soul with me, and read this, I say " THANK YOU." It was marvelous and memorable.