 Sometimes you just have to write down the silly, ridiculous, blush worthy things that come to mind. I hope you enjoy reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it. 

*

"Look, they got her a little." I leaned forward in my seat. Even though Trixie was a huge dog, the bulls dwarfed her. The single horn on each of their heads was slender, but looked wickedly sharp.

"That's old." Carol whispered, leaning back in her chair. "Hush, and watch." Trixie barked and herded and pushed and nudged at the bulls. I hadn't been excited before, but this was amazing. A small giggle passed my lips, and one of the bulls' huge heads swung around to look at me, it was the leader. It paused, the bellowed, whipping its huge head back around toward Trixie scratching a deep red line into her golden fur. All four of us watching gasped, and chaos ensued. 

The bulls bellowed together and thrashed, throwing Trixie against the stalls walls and doors. She was gored more times and scratched. It was a miracle she wasn't trampled. We all sat stunned. The sounds she made were the worst. I wanted to go grab her but I couldn't move. I could barely follow Trixie's movement with my eyes.

Suddenly Carol stood and did what I wish I could have. She opened the stall and called to Trixie who shot out of the stall like a bullet from a gun. Cliché but true. Trixie went straight to a crate that looked to be made of some sort of reinforced metal bars. I wondered why she would do something like that, but when the bulls tried to follow her I wished I could have fit in the box with her. But somehow Carol managed to keep them inside. She had to be some kind of superhero.

The next moments were a blur. I heard a mix of sounds, and saw a mix of colors, but the next things I was really aware of were Trixie's whimpers next to my cheek and Carol's hand on my shoulder blade. The other two were gone. I didn't mind. I didn't really know them some random cousins of Grey. 

The bulls were quiet; Carol had somehow gotten them into their separate corrals. "You okay?" She asked, I nodded. Trixie licked the fingers I draped through the bars of the crate. "You want to help me with the next bit?" I shrugged and stood. I wiped my hands on my pants. I was a bit dazed. I really hoped Trixie would be okay, but Carol didn't seem too worried.

Carol pulled another large crate from the stall we were sitting in. It held small black and red rocks. She nodded to another crate further back covered with a dark cloth.

"Those are fire iguanas, very poisonous, but they like to help us. They put a leg in the box and release some venom, we put the bull's leg in the box and they get punished. Come on we've got to do it fast or it doesn't work as well."

The iguanas were huge and stocky, but very complacent. One by one thy placed their right front foot into the box then filed back into their crate. It was very uncanny, but then again lots of things about this new life were strange and uncanny, like unicorn bulls, and well, everything else. The worst thing about the iguanas, though, was their eyes, there were almost human, but that wasn't it, it was more than that. There was definitely someone home, and yet they were going to sit in that crate for who knew how long. 

Carol turned to take the box of poison to the bulls and I discretely brushed my hand over the head of the last iguana. It was warm to the touch. On of the warmest and softest things I had ever touched, nothing like the scaly cool skin I had been expecting. So, so soft. I touched my hand to my lips trying to preserve the feeling. Softer than velvet. It was how Haley had described first touching her boyfriends dick. Softer than velvet. I shook my head. Gross. That's how I had ended up at the barn at 7:30 am on a Saturday morning anyway. To avoid Grey's penis. What a douche- what a gorgeous douche. But was he really, a douche, he had been pretty nice to me, and he was so pretty-

"Alex! What are you doing, come here and help me carry!" I turned my head, oops. I stood, my fingers still against my lips, tingling slightly Softer than velvet.

 The tingle didn't fade. In fact it seemed to get stronger. I couldn't seem to sit still at breakfast, I tore my croissant into tiny pieces and picked at the pulp in my orange juice, but worst of all, each time I crossed and uncrossed my legs I somehow brushed against Grey's legs. Each time his eyes would seek mine until he caught them. 

Grey's eyes were his most dangerous features. They were the one that made me most want to give in to temptation. The ones I pictured looking up into as he thrust into me from above, my nails digging into his sweat slicked back as I gasped for breath- wait, what, I'd never thought that before, what was going on? I focused on separating my croissant pieces into layers, then crossed my legs, this time to fidgety and to readjust the suddenly hard flesh between my legs.

"Alex, you seem flushed, are you okay?" I blushed more and eagerly assured my soon to be mother in law I was quite all right. Carol looked at me suspiciously. I tore another bit of my croissant and pulled my legs under me on my chair. No chance of accidental footsie now.

I made my self eat, and be still. I avoided looks from all at the table and got lost in my thoughts:

Trixie running from the stall, blood dripping through her golden fur.

The bulls with single horns, their horns making their shadows look like fat unicorns. They looked magic, especially at night, everything here seemed magical at night. The rose garden, the bulls, even Grey and all his family, the house, especially when I wandered through waiting for everyone to fall asleep.

Haley. How much I missed her.

Softer than velvet, smoother than silk.

How fast everything had changed

Grey

How bad would it be to give in? To let him- take me, would it hurt? Well I knew it would hurt, how bad would it hurt, would I still be me? 

Would I ever be able to go home?

Would home ever be home again?

Chocolate brown eyes flecked with gold, darkened with lust, no it was love, looking down at me-

That first night, how Grey had lit all those candles, had made up the bed with white silk sheets, the champagne and chocolate. How he knew sour patch kids were my favorite candy and how he had them there in a cut glass bowl on the nightstand. How I had cried. All the names I had called him, how patient he had been with me, how patient he was still being. Four weeks he had slept on the floor, three weeks I had built a pillow wall between us and now, with me slipping in and out of bed when he was asleep, the names I still called him.

How I wanted this to be over.

How afraid I was to give up.

"Alex" I looked up. Everyone had left the table, only Grey and I remained. "I don't want to pressure you, I've tried to be patient-" he looked pained, his pupils were huge. I was still hard. I realized I really, really wanted something inside me. Odd, I'd never felt that way before. Hell a little over three months ago I'd thought I was straighter than a ruler. "But the elders want a date, one before the end of the month."

The feeling faded, I didn't like being scheduled.

"But that's in, like, in 10 days." Articulate as always.

"Yes I know," Of course he knew "But, Alex, it's been months, that's unheard of." he leaned forward across the table.

"But 10 days is really short! I really don't-"

"Alex, I can feel how much you want me, smell it," he blinked "what have you been doing? I've never felt that from you before-" His voice got lower, almost a growl. His hand brushed my knee, I was sitting on my heels and couldn't move, I felt trapped.

"Watching the unicorn bulls," I breathed, completely entranced, "they almost killed Trixie, I think it was my fault." One of my hands slipped to palm my hardness, the other reached for Grey's cheek. I swallowed hard. How was this happening all the sudden, so fast? I had held out for weeks and now over breakfast I suddenly didn't have any control? I didn't even like Grey. I didn't even know him. 

"I want to be ready." I whispered, "but I don't want, I don't want, I don't want people to know when- that I've-" I pause not sure what I am trying to say. "This is like an arranged marriage you know, actually this is exactly what this is. I didn't even know you, then I'm told I was promised- I'm 22, I thought I got to make my own choices you know?" I don't know what I am saying, He knows more about what is going on than I do. I wish I had just gone through with it on the first night. Now that I've waited it's become this big issue around the house, and even in this, whatever it is, secret creepy society, alternative reality whatever. The Kid that Won't Put Out. I bet that will be in the papers when I finally give it up. And that's exactly what I don't want. That why I'm still a fucking virgin. Because I never wanted anyone to know anything about my sex life, solution, don't have one.

I sniffle. Like a little bitch I'm going to cry. Even worse would be if dad could see "his little fag" now. That's what he'd said when I'd been dragged off. When they'd told him about Grey.

"Always knew he'd turn out to b e a fairy. Goodbye little fag." I'd always thought he'd liked me. Never knew he was a homophone either. But then again I'd never thought of myself as gay so, guess I was guess I was clueless on all points.

"Alex are you okay?" God, could I focus for 10 minutes today?

"I guess. Wish I'd let you fuck me first thing's all." I mumbled. I didn't think I could blush any more without passing out, why would I say something like that out loud. When I finally glance up Grey looked pissed. Great. Now what?

"I don't want to do- that- to you. You are to be mine forever. You are a gift. Something special." He stood and left before I could object to being called a gift and being referred to as a 'something'. As days went today was even more fucked than most I had spent in this huge house, and it was still before 10am.

I stood on legs that had long since fallen asleep and trudged to the bathroom to shower.

 The warm water reminded me of the tingle that still spread through y body. I gently stroked my hands down my body to the part of me that wanted their touch the most, it quickly became apparent a gentle touch was not going to be enough. I slicked my fingers with rosemary mint shampoo and slid on into my hole. The cold tingle was startling, but still not quite enough. I groaned in frustration. I knelt on the shower floor not wanting to slip on the suds and be found unconscious in such a compromising position and added a finger, better. I gasped, my hips thrust back against my hand involuntarily, but this forced my hand back too. I needed something sturdier. Someone sturdier. I was almost crying with need. I scraped my thighs with my other hand and tried to inch my finger into my channel to reach my hidden trigger point, but I couldn't I was too tight, the angle was too awkward. I lay on the floor of the shower and sobbed, hips jerking spasmodically, one hand still fisting my shaft the other trying to find that magical button deep inside, nothing would scratch the itch. Slowly the water began to cool. Even a house this large had a limited supply of hot water.

I think I fell asleep, I think because I never would have imagined it would be possible to fall asleep while that uncomfortable, but somehow I found myself waking up freezing. I shut off the water and wrapped myself in a microfiber robe. I shivered and crawled into bed. It smelled like Grey, but I was too tired and cold to care. For the moment the tingle was banished, I hoped I could restart the day on a better note. 

There was something deliciously warm against my cheek, against my chest, brushing against my hair, between my knees. I felt safe and warm, cradled. Rested. I hadn't slept well in weeks and here I was-

My eyes snapped open. Grey. I was sleeping on Grey. Drooling on him too. I tried to discretely wipe my cheek and his shoulder.

"You were shivering." Fuck, he was awake too.

"Mmm" I said, I usually woke suddenly, but Grey didn't have to know that.

"Alex, why were you in the shower for 2 hours?" Fuck, no such luck on the second waking thing.

"Mmm" I said again, and turned over. Unfortunately Grey was not fooled.

"Alex, talk to me. Something's up with you today, are you sick?" I sat up and pushed my hair back from my face, it was time for a cut.

"I think I maybe touched an iguana."

"So?"

"One of Carol's special ones" I added. I couldn't look at him. What sort of idiot touches something they know is poison? This one apparently.

"You think you touched one, or you did?" Great now he sounded concerned. I had hoped for some reassurance that they weren't really that bad for people, just for unicorn cows. Really the whole thing was ridiculous, intelligent magic iguanas, unicorn cows. Really, unicorn cows.

"Well- I petted its head, but just for a sec. And I feel fine now."

"Alex, " I looked away "Alex" he took my chin in his hand and make me look at him, "you really, really should ask Carol what you should do." 

Grey's eyes should have been illegal they were so beautifully perfect. He smelled perfect too. I leaned into his hand.

"Good idea." Grey exhaled. Even his breath smelled perfect. I leaned in more and licked his bottom lip. He tasted- perfect. He gasped and let go of my face. I crawled across his legs to straddle his hips ignoring the fact that I wore only an unbelted robe and he only wore some very brief silk boxers, even better. I had to have more. I sucked his bottom lip, nibbled the corners. I tickled his sides and ground my bare skin against his silk covered length.

Smoother than silk, softer than velvet.

I couldn't wait. I pushed him back against the headboard, he gasped and I licked the roof of his mouth. More perfect. I was filled with urgency. I wanted everything now, worse than the shower. I didn't know if I would survive if he said no. So he couldn't talk. I ground myself harder against him. If felt good, almost too good, but I needed more. I was whimpering half formed please. Grey was saying something as I kissed my way from his mouth to his ear to his neck, but I couldn't listen. I was dripping, I would feel the slick liquid sliding down my thighs, my hole was twitching, I could feel the air trying to get in. I had never wanted something as I wanted Grey inside me now. I felt so open already, like he would slide right in, quiet the tingling. I didn't even really want to cum, I just wanted to be calm.

I kissed my way down Grey's golden chest, down his perfect abs, flexing with every twirl of my tongue, again he was talking, but I was too focused on my goal to pay any attention to his words.

His hands threaded through my hair, sweat making them sticky. He griped hard and some strands came out as I continued toward my prize. If felt perfect. My breathing was harsh, but every labored inhale brought with it the must of Grey's arousal; soon, soon I would be okay.

Grey's boxers were gray. I smiled briefly in my head before I reached for my prize. It was beautiful. Red and angry, throbbing and hot. It was bigger than what I had imagined, a lot bigger than me. I had a sudden flash of fear, what if it broke me? But the need was too great for me to dwell too long, who cared if it did, I would still feel better, and it was beautiful, perfect. 

I licked it. Sweet, and salty, and perfect, and Grey. A chill raced up my spine followed closely by a rush of heat I thought I was going to pass out. It was too much; I took another lick, so perfect. It really was smoother than silk, softer than velvet. But so, so hard. I opened my mouth as wide as I could and took it in. I was lost. How could anyone function in society after they had tried this? It was so-

Grey yelled something. Forced my head up, away from him, shook me, made me focus.

Those eyes.

"Alex!" I panted at him. One of his thumbs brushed over my lips, I licked it, almost as perfect as- he shook me again. "Alex! You have to stop!" Stop? I knew that word. I couldn't stop, I had to, I couldn't the itch was still there- tears gathered in my eyes.

"Please, please, please it hurts please I have to let me please" I begged, I reached for him again.

"Alex! This isn't you, you'll hate me!" now Grey looked close to tears. I didn't want him to be sad but I couldn't- I was so close, I had to- I choked on my sobs, when Grey let go of my hair I immediately went back to worshiping the beauty that was his cock. I couldn't let it go. He couldn't pull me away again though he tried. But even as perfect as Grey tasted and felt in my mouth, the tingle still worsened. I lifted my head.

"In me now." I was amazed how calm I sounded. How in control. I didn't feel either, my hips flexed, my thighs trembled, my hole twitched. Grey looked conflicted. "Please" I added.

"I don't have any lube, Christ, Alex you're a virgin, I can't just-" I flipped onto my back and opened my legs.

"I need it, it hurts with you outside, please, please!" Tears were gathering in my eyes again, I was so close, he couldn't say no now. I closed my eyes so the brush of stubble and the smooth wet stroke of tongue on my tightly furled hole were a surprise. I howled. Grey held my hips in a vice grip and licked all around my hole. I thought I was going to die. I imagined I could feel tiny fibers in my hips tearing as I strained against Grey's hands to get closer. Black spots danced in front of my eyes. I would have screamed but I couldn't breathe. My lungs burned with the effort of getting enough air to keep from passing out. When Grey finally entered me with his tongue my whole body bowed off the bed. My nails were broken and bleeding from clawing at the bed and headboard but the sting was lost in the need to have Grey in me.

"Now, now, now!" I chanted with each labored exhalation, and finally, finally Grey crawled over me and sank down onto elbows looking into my eyes. 

"A precious gift," he whispered, and kissed me. One hand disappeared to guide his formidable member into me but the other stroked my sweat soaked hair from my face. "Relax sweet Alex," he whispered, "breathe out" when I did the head slipped in and every muscle in my body seized up. Dear God it hurt. Tears streamed from my face, but I already felt calmer. When I could breathe I realized it was a good hurt and deep, deep stretch, but nothing was damaged. I opened my eyes and saw Grey had tears in his own beautiful, perfect eyes.

"I promised myself I wouldn't hurt you." He whispered when he saw the question in mine. He trembled but did nothing to hide his tears from me. Already the burn was fading. I brushed water away from his cheeks leaving a steak of my blood on his cheek.

"It was worse before, this is relief," a strange emotion flashed through his liquid eyes, but it was gone before I could identify it.

I wiggled a bit, it still hurt, but the tingle was worse than the pain.

"Deeper please." Grey obliged me. It felt like he was pushing my hips out of joint and my organs out my mouth, but it was the most perfect feeling in the world. When he whispered he was all the way in, I felt like the most treasured thing in the whole world, so intense was the admiration in his voice.

"No one has ever done that for me before," he whispered.

"Me either," I whispered back. He laughed and I blushed when I realized what I had said. I always sounded more stupid out loud than I did in my head. Why was that?

"I never want to leave your body," Grey added, still whispering, I nodded. It felt too perfect for more words. Why had I waited 22 years for this?

Grey began to rock gently back and forth, cradling my head and back in his huge hands. It would have been soothing if it hadn't been the most stimulating, intense thing I had ever felt. Every time he shifted he brushed every sensitive part inside and outside of me, sending sparks of pleasure all over my body. It was too intense to feel good really, but all the same I wouldn't have traded it for the world.
