 A guy I used to work with a few years ago got in touch and said he was going to be in the city for a few days and asked if I wanted to meet and catch up. So, the next week, I popped on a train and met him at a cool cocktail bar downtown. He had clearly started earlier in the day. I ordered a double Old Fashioned and about halfway through he asked me if I would go with him to this new gay bar he heard about. 

Ah, that was it. He didn’t really want to catch up. He needed a wing man. I knew he was gay. Most of the guys I had worked with were and I occasionally went with them to gay bars after work. So I agreed to tag along again. No big deal. The bars they typically dragged me to were the same as virtually every other place. So I downed the rest of my drink and we jumped in a cab. 

This place was a bit out of the way. Bouncer standing in front of a big metal door checking ID. Walked up a big flight of stairs into a dark warehouse like space with a long bar, columns, partial walls all over creating nooks and crannies. Wasn’t real crowded and my buddy bought me another double and then asked if I wanted to explore the place. I passed deciding to enjoy my drink and catch the scores on the tv. 

Now, as I’ve said, I had been to gay bars a number of times before and I had never been hit on. I’m a regular guy, mid 40’s, stylishly dressed but not handsome by any means. Gay guys were always friendly but left me alone. So I was perfectly comfortable just hanging out & having a few waiting around in case my buddy wanted to grab a late bite after he had his fun.

My next drink was almost done and before I could grab the bartender a guy slid up right next to me (unusually close) and asked if he could buy me one. He was a little older about 10 inches taller than me, leather pants, leather vest no shirt, hairy chest, maybe 75 pounds heavier with a bit of a beer belly and a shaved head. Guess it was the booze but the way he looked at me was really cool so I said what the hell, sure, thanks. 

Now he moved so he was standing pressing against me as he got the drinks. Gee, what did I get myself into? It was soon clear that he had been dancing or something because he was sweating a bit and smelled like he had been working outside. Normally I would have thought this was awful but now it was weirdly turning me on. We toasted to new friends and made some small talk...been here before?....where do you live? etc. After 10 minutes or so he leaned in real close and whispered, “ever been with a man like me?” and then stuck his big, warm tongue in my ear. That combined with his smell and the 4 doubles and I could feel myself getting aroused. I just laughed and excused myself to pee. 

Men’s room was huge and there were guys getting together everywhere, but I found an empty stall, closed the door and peed. When I was done I opened the door and there waiting was my new friend. He had a big shit eating grin and walked into the stall nudging me forward, closing the door. 

He pulled me into him with one arm and thrust his rough tongue into my mouth. I was letting a big, hairy, smelly gay guy kiss me in a bathroom and I wasn’t resisting. I began to kiss him back like I’ve wanted every woman I had been with to kiss me. He moaned while we tongued each other and then he lifted my shirt and began to twist my left nipple harshly. “Aw! Fuck!” but that made him more aggressive.

I was now rock hard and shocked. I was in pain while loving his fat tongue in my mouth. He pulled away, lifted his arm and pushed my face into his armpit. It tasted wonderful. He then roughly grabbed my wrist and pushed my hand to his crotch. but instead of feeling his leather pants my fingers were touching his cock. a bit bigger than mine and thick. I was now holding a gay guy’s cock in a bathroom stall.

I guess I was curious to see what it looked like, because I briefly stopped tonguing him to take a peek. He noticed. He then pushed my head down towards his cock and whispered, “Go on. Be a good cocksucker.” Without thinking I dropped to my knees. This guy now had total power over me. I was kneeling on a dirty bathroom floor and my face was an inch from a 7-8” cock with a fat mushroom head and thick brown pubes. I opened my mouth and he did the rest - sliding his cock onto my tongue. I licked it, tasted it, started to slurp on the fat head. I felt my cock twitch in my pants. He started pushing more and more into my mouth. I choked a bit but I loved the foul smell when my nose ended up pressed against his thick pubic hair. I looked up and could only see his fat hairy belly. 

He reached down and resumed twisting my nipple and began to really start to shove his cock in and out of my mouth faster. I was now dribbling drool on his cock and down the front of my shirt. He moved faster and I choked a bit more and he then let out an, “Oh yeah” as the first squirts of his cum shot in my mouth and the rest on my lips and face. He jerked what was left onto my face then said thanks, opened the door and left. 

Standing outside the bathroom door was another guy around my age but chubby, wearing only a leather harness, a jockstrap and the same shit-eating grin.