 It was a Saturday night and my girlfriend, Nicole, and I were at a concert. The floor was very crowded, so we were packed in like sardines. Nicole and I had both recently turned 18 and were allowed to stay out late. She was slightly bigger than me, height and weight, so we looked a little odd together. Like my jeans, I was very skinny. 

We were dancing to the music when I noticed an older man kept staring at me. He was tall and muscular, but had a big belly and a long beard. I didn't quite understand his fascination with me. I shook it off and kept dancing. Everyone was lined up shoulder to shoulder and I looked around to see the man. He was gone. 

I continued to enjoy the music with Nicole, until I felt someone pressing against my ass. I didn't think anything of it since we were all really close. It continued to stay there and I could tell it was an erect cock, and now it was rubbing against my ass cheeks. I nervously looked over my shoulder and saw a long grey beard. I froze. Nicole didn't seem to notice. I was embarrassed and felt like I needed to get away for a second. I told Nicole that I needed to use the bathroom. She didn't seem to care, she was having a blast. I walked into the stadium bathroom. It was empty since the headliners were on. I went into a stall and closed the door to process all that happened. As I had finally cleared my head, I left the stall to wash my hands. Standing 5 feet from me was the bearded man with his cock out, pissing in the urinal. He stood away from the urinal so his cock was exposed. I had stopped in my tracks and couldn't stop staring at his impressive member. It was so much thicker, longer, and hairier than mine. He smiled at me and quietly asked," do you want to touch it?"

"No sir, I have a girlfriend. Thank you though," I stuttered. I still hadn't moved my eyes from it though. I could start to feel my small cock twitching. Maybe I did want to touch it. Come to think of it, it actually felt nice rubbing against me, I wonder what it would feel like if it slapped my ass? I found myself pulling my pants down to show my tight underwear. I was slightly bent over to wash my hands and there it was. His huge bare cock sliding against my ass. He was pushing it through my legs and as I looked down, I could see it sticking out past my own cock. He had ahold of my hips and started humping faster. I could feel his beard on my neck, and his hot breath on my face. Then I felt his tongue sliding up my neck up to my ear. He wrapped his lips around my earlobe and sucked. It made a loud popping noise. I could feel the head of his cock rubbing against my asshole through the fabric of my underwear. His hands ran up my body underneath my shirt. His fingertips rubbed my nipples. My cock was so hard and I began to lightly moan. 

Suddenly he stopped. My underwear was pulled halfway down my ass and his hand was inside. His middle finger traced the outside of my hole. It felt so good. Out of my control I let out a moan, "ohhhh daddy!" 

He took that as a cue and his finger slid inside of me. I let out a high squeal. This was the first time my ass was ever penetrated. His thick finger hurt so bad but I took it. It was starting to feel good. My moans of pain turned into moans of pleasure and I began pushing back on his finger. Suddenly he pulled his finger out and he grabbed me by the shoulders and turned me around and pushed me to my knees. I was face to face with his giant cock. I stared in amazement. He put it in his hand and tapped me on the cheek with it. I put it in my hand and felt it's girth. I opened my mouth and put the head in. My lips could barely get passed the head. I began to suck very slowly until he grabbed the back of my head and began fucking my face. I kept gagging and tears welled up in my eyes. This went on for a few minutes until he picked me up by my shoulders and bent me over the sink. I felt his tongue on my hole and his beard tickled my balls. He had spread me open and buried his tongue inside me. It felt amazing and my cock felt like it was going to explode. 

"Are you ready baby," he said quietly while standing.

"Yes please daddy," I said. This man had me under a spell. I was willing to do anything he wanted me to. I felt some pressure on my hole and i bit my lip to prepare. He kept pushing harder and harder. I thought he was gonna break me in half. I let out nervous whimpers which turned into a scream as his cock finally found its way inside me. He covered my mouth with his hand and began to thrust. Tears ran down my face as his monster cock penetrated me. He was able to remove his hand from my mouth as I was getting used to the pain. He had both my hips in his hands and fucked me. He moved me from the sinks to the floor. He put me on my back and I put my legs around his body. He put his cock back where it belonged and this time he put mine in his hand and started jerking me. My moans intensified and I could tell I was going to cum quick. 

"Daddy I'm cumming!" I warned him as he tilted my cock back towards me and I shot my load all over my chest. He removed his hand from my drained cock and began to lick the cum off of my chest while fucking me. After getting every last drop, he began to kiss me. His tongue was so deep in my throat and I could taste my own cum. He hadn't swallowed it all and saved some for me. After he pulled his tongue out of my mouth, he turned me over on my stomach. My asshole had stretched from all the fucking and he slid back inside me. He had his arm around my neck which was sitting in the crease of his elbow. He began slamming his hips into me. He was bottoming me out. I began to gasp. I could tell he was going to cum soon. He kept kissing my head and asking me "who is daddy's little slut?"

"I am! I'm daddy's little slut ready to feel your load inside me."

"I love your ass baby."

"I love your big cock daddy!" I squealed as I heard him growl and his cock shot cum into my asshole. I laid there on the floor out of breath. Cum dribbled out of my ass and he caught it with his finger and fed it to me. I reached for my phone and saw many missed calls from Nicole. I began to text her to tell her I was coming as I got dressed. The bearded man handed me a note with a phone number. 

"Bring your girl to my party tonight and we can all have some fun," he said and walked away.

I began walking towards the concert feeling cum leaking from my ass down my leg. As I spotted Nicole, I wondered how I was going to get her to come to this party with me.