 "Come on, Micky," she begged. "Please, just this once." 

My roommate and best friend Christie meant well. She was always trying to get me to go out with her. 

"You know I hate bars. And straight ones are even worse. It's so loud and smokey." 

"It's not that bad. We're going to Tony's. They have live music on Fridays. You need to get out more. You'll never meet anyone if you stay home all the time." 

I sighed and rolled my eyes. "I'm gonna meet someone at a straight bar? You're not gonna take 'no' for an answer are you?" 

"Nope." 

"All right, fine. I'll go." 

"I promise you'll have fun, Micky." 

Christie's boyfriend Miles came and picked us up and we drove to the bar. We were lucky to grab a table. We ordered beers and talked over the crowd noise. 

The bar was pretty typical. They had a small stage set up for the live music and the band was getting ready to go on. I saw from the poster that the band was named Riot. I didn't pay much attention to them. 

When the band started playing a cover of "It's not Over" by Daughtry, I looked up. I drew in a sharp breath. I couldn't take my eyes off the bass player. He was the hottest guy I had ever seen. He was so handsome. He had bright blue eyes that I could see even from as far away as I was. His black hair hung to his shoulders, but it wasn't cut like a mullet (thank God). He had long sideburns and a bushy goatee but no moustache. He looked really tall and was built really big, like a linebacker. He was wearing a black t-shirt and tight jeans and black biker boots. Both of his arms were covered in tattoos. 

Being short and skinny, I have always been attracted to big and tall guys. This guy was a little rougher than the typical guy I was attracted to, but there was something about him that drew me to him. 

"He's hot, isn't he? So dreamy," Christie said into my ear. 

"Huh?" I said and turned my attention to her. "Oh, yeah. He is." 

I returned my gaze to him. "His eyes are so blue." 

"What are you talking about? They're green." 

I looked at the other three guys and realized Christie was talking about the lead singer. Yeah, sure, he was good looking, but I wasn't interested in him. 

"Are you talking about the big guy?" she asked. 

"Yeah." 

"Really?" she said as if it was impossible that someone would find him attractive. 

"Yeah. He's hot," I said defensively. 

"He's kind of fat," she said with a frown. "And he's covered in tattoos. I didn't think you liked that kind of thing." 

I shrugged. Maybe not, but I was definitely into him.

My big guy was leaned back, rocking his head to the beat, mouthing the words to the song. He was really into playing and just having a good time. I smiled to myself. He looked up and met my eyes. I drew in a sharp breath as his icy gaze penetrated right through me. He unconsciously licked his lips and gave me a slight smirk of a smile before looking away. The next song they played was an original rock song written by the band. During the next two songs they played, he would occasionally look my way and catch me staring.

After they finished playing their set, they took a break. 

"You want another beer, bud?" Miles asked me. I nodded and Miles left to grab another round. 

Christie leaned over to me, "So, it looks like you're having a good time." 

"Yeah, I actually am." 

I got halfway through my second beer when I had to go to the bathroom. I excused myself and hurried to the men's room. It smelled like stale piss, so I hurried up and did my business. I washed my hands and when I went to open the door, it flung open and a large man bumped right into me. It was Riot's bass player. I held my hands up to stop him and when my hands hit his chest, an electric current ran through my arms and traveled up and down my spine. I think I even gasped out loud. 

Time seemed to stand still as I gazed up into his blue eyes. He stared at me for what seemed like minutes, but was only a couple of seconds in reality. He made a motion with his head that said he needed to get past me to use the restroom. 

I mumbled an apology and stepped out of his way as he ran into the bathroom. As I returned to my seat, I pulled my shirt down in front of my crotch. I had become fully hard when I ran into the giant musician. 

They came back out shortly and played another set. My guy stared at me a few times during the set and I smiled shyly and watched him play. 

During their second break, Miles and Christie wanted to head home. I would have stayed until they were done playing, but I went home with them. 

Once we got back to the apartment, I got ready for bed. I brushed my teeth and took out my contacts and put my glasses on. As I stripped down to my briefs in my bedroom, I looked at myself in the mirror. I wondered if a guy like that could actually be attracted to me. I was only 5'7" and barely 140 pounds. I had brown eyes and black hair. My hair was cut short and was a little spiky. I had a small patch of fine black hair in the middle of my chest that fanned out to my nipples. I also had a thin trail that lead from my belly button to the fine patch of hair over my small, slender circumcised penis. At 4.5 inches erect, I knew I was on the short side of average. 

I crawled into bed and sighed when I heard the thumping and moaning coming from Christie's room. I buried one of my pillows over my head. 

*** 

A week later, Christie asked if I wanted to go to Tony's and I readily agreed. I was really glad to see that Riot was playing live again. 

Riot's bass player was wearing tight blue jeans and biker boots again, but tonight he had on a gray sleeveless t-shirt that really showed off his big arms and his tattoos. When he lifted his arms, I could see he had an ample amount of black armpit hair. I wondered how hairy he was and my dick twitched in my pants at the thought. 

My shy flirting with the bass player was kicked up a notch this week. He was looking right into my eyes as he was singing background vocals. I never understood why people thought that rock stars were sexy until now. 

During their first break, the bartender brought us a round of beers. "This round is on the house," he said. 

I wondered if he bought them for us. Tonight when Christie wanted to head home, I told them I wanted to stay and I'd catch a cab home. 

Another beer was delivered to me at the start of the next break. I saw the object of my desire walk out onto the stage. He hopped onto the floor and walked directly towards my table and sat down. 

"Hey," he said. "I'm CJ." 

OH MY GOD. I thought I was going to pass out. He's actually talking to me. His voice was deep and sultry and it sent a shiver down my spine. 

"I'm Micky," I managed to squeak out. I quickly wiped my hand on my jeans and then shook his offered hand. It was big and warm and his touch had my body shuddering.

"Micky," he repeated. "You got the drinks?" 

"Yeah. Thanks," I said. 

I brushed the hair off my forehead and gave him a shy smile. The corner of his mouth lifted into a slight smile. His eyes never left mine the entire time he sat at the table. 

"We got one more set. You gonna hang around until then?" 

I nodded. 

"Good. I gotta go, Micky." 

CJ hopped back onto the stage and disappeared in the back. He returned a few minutes later with the other three band members. They did a couple of covers and an original tune and then they were done for the night. 

I had finished my beer and I was sitting there by myself feeling a little bit silly. They started playing dance music and it got really loud. It seemed like forever until CJ finally returned to the table. 

He leaned over and shouted into my ear. "I'm glad you stayed. It's kind of loud in here. Follow me." 

I nodded and followed him onto the stage and then through the side. We walked down a hall and into a room. One of the other band members was there, the guitar player, along with a petite blond woman. 

"Micky, this is my brother Steve and his girlfriend Missy. This is Micky." 

"Hi," I said to them. 

My voice was shaking and I was really nervous. Steve shook my hand and turned to his girlfriend, "Ready?" 

She nodded and Steve said "See ya at home" to CJ before walking out the back door. The drummer walked in and grabbed the last of his stuff. 

"See ya, CJ," he said and was out the door. 

"That was Mick," CJ said to me with a chuckle. 

I heard a giggle and I turned my head to see the lead singer and a sexy redhead come out of what looked like a bathroom. He was zipping and buckling his pants and he kissed her temple. I blushed and looked away. 

"Hey, dude," he greeted CJ with clap on the back. "Is this the little groupie you were talking about?"

CJ shot him an icy look. "Ignore him, Micky. This is Caleb." 

"Hi," I said with a blushing smile. 

Caleb shook my hand and pointed towards the red-head. "Oh, this is... um... uh..." 

"Shyla, silly," she said with a drunk giggle. 

"Shyla," he said. "Meet me outside, babe." 

She giggled and headed out the back door. 

Caleb groped his crotch. "Fuck, she can suck a cock." 

I blushed uncomfortably and looked down at my feet. 

"I'll see you tomorrow, man." 

"See ya." 

Caleb disappeared out the back door. 

"Sorry about that, Micky." 

I shrugged. "It's okay." 

"I'm fucking starved. How 'bout you? You wanna grab a bite to eat?" 

I nodded. "Yeah, that sounds good." 

"You look like you could use a meal," he added with a chuckle. 

He stepped close and ran his hands up my sides. My body shuddered from his touch and I let out a soft whimper. I looked up as he gazed down at me. He moved even closer until our bodies were touching. He bent down towards me and I closed my eyes as his lips pressed into mine. I returned his eager kiss as his arms wrapped around me. My arms moved around his back and I melted into him. 

His tongue brushed across my lips and I moaned and opened for him. His tongue entered me, seeking my own shyer muscle. His hands moved down to my butt. He squeezed and kneaded my cheeks as he devoured my mouth. 

He was an amazing kisser. I was so hard in my jeans that it hurt. He cupped my ass cheeks and lifted me off the ground as if I weighed nothing. I wrapped my arms around his neck to hold myself up. His mouth never left mine as he carried me to a table and set me down. 

I wrapped my arms and legs around him as we kissed. He moved down to my neck. His goatee tickled the sensitive skin and I whimpered and arched my back, pushing my chest into him. He sucked and nipped at the skin as he began grinding his crotch into me. He held me in position with one big hand on the back of my neck and the other on the small of my back. I could feel his hard sex rubbing against me. The sensations combined with my three year drought proved too much for me. It was too late to stop him. I pulled back and gasped.

"CJ!" I cried out as my body convulsed in his arms. My penis pulsed over and over as it spurt my load into my briefs. 

I was mortified. My cheeks were already flushed red and my blush spread all over. My eyes welled up with tears and I tried to squirm away from him. "I'm sorry," I mumbled as I turned away from him. 

CJ cupped my face in his hands and forced me to look at him. "Hey, what's wrong?" 

"I... I came." 

CJ laughed loudly. "I know." 

A tear slipped down my cheek as he mocked me. I closed my eyes tight and tried not to start bawling. 

"Hey, look at me," he said. "Look at me, Micky." 

His voice was firm and I couldn't help but obey him. I opened my eyes and met his blue stare. 

"You don't have anything to be embarrassed of. You know how sexy it was that you were so turned on by my touch and kiss that you had an orgasm? To watch you come while you called out my name?" 

"Really?" I asked tentatively, realizing that he wasn't making fun of me.

CJ shook his head. "You don't even know how cute and sexy you are, do you?" 

"I'm not sexy." 

"From where I'm standing, you are sexy as hell, and cute as fuck." 

I giggled nervously and smiled at him. "Thanks."

"Go get cleaned up and we can get out of here and get something to eat." 

I went to the bathroom and wiped myself up as best as I could. When he found out that I didn't have my car with me, he escorted me to his beat up old Ford Bronco. He stowed his equipment in the back and we drove to an all night diner. 

It was after midnight and the place was pretty busy. We both ordered breakfast and we sat in the booth for the longest time talking about all kinds of things. I found out that he owned a house with his older brother. The band had regular gigs usually three or four times a week. For his day job, he was a bartender at a pub. He was six years older than me, at 31 years old. 

I told him about my job on the IT help desk for a large company downtown. I didn't really love the job, but it paid pretty good. I told him how I rented an apartment with my best friend from college, Christie, who was at the bar with me.

CJ told me about growing up with his family and it sounded wonderful, the opposite of my life. CJ stood for Carter Jackson, his given first and middle names. His last name was Adams. He was the youngest of four boys. Besides Steve, they had two older brothers, both married with kids. His parents started their family later in life. His mom was 70 years old and his father had passed away a couple of years ago.

I told him how my parents had my older brother when they were still in high school. Since he was 12 years older than me, he completely ignored me while I was growing up and to this day, we don't really have a relationship. Mom and Dad divorced when I was 7 and I haven't seen him in 15 years. He calls me on my birthday and Christmas. Mom always worked a lot, I told him. Then she started devoting her free time to her church and became born again. My voice cracked as I told him how she disowned me when I told her I was gay.

"I'm sorry," I said as I hung my head and the tears flowed. I sniffled and wiped my tears and pulled myself together. I was blushing in embarrassment. I looked up at CJ and he was looking at me, his eyes filled with tears and sympathy for my pain. He reached across the table and squeezed my hand. I sniffled as he smiled warmly at me and I returned the smile.

After that, our conversation flowed naturally with no awkward pauses. CJ was smart. He knew so much about so many different things. When I talked, he listened and paid attention to every word I said. CJ was funny and he made me laugh. He laughed a lot, too. His clear blue eyes sparkled and his white smile lit up the room when he laughed and I thought he was the most handsome man I had ever seen. I was laughing and smiling so much, I was afraid my jaw would hurt in the morning.

Before I knew it, nearly two hours had passed. CJ insisted on picking up the tab, so I let him. We got in his truck and I gave him directions to my apartment. He pulled in front of the building and parked. Even though it was well after 2 AM, I didn't want the night to be over, but I didn't know how to tell him. 

"Thank you. I had a great time, CJ." 

"Me too, Micky." 

CJ's hand moved to the back of my neck and he pulled me in for a kiss. He kissed me slowly and sensually, our tongues intertwined and explored each others' mouths. He finally broke the kiss and leaned his forehead on mine. 

"Do you want to come up?" I whispered. 

"Yes," he whispered back. 

He shut the truck off and followed me up the stairs to my apartment. I quietly entered. Christie was already in bed. I saw Miles's shoes and keys, so I knew he was spending the night with her. I gave CJ a quick tour which ended in my bedroom. I closed the door behind us and he immediately took me in his arms and kissed me.

I tightened my hold around his back and kissed the middle of his chest. I inhaled his scent, a combination of cologne and sweat and musk. I was instantly addicted to the smell.

CJ moved me back and we slumped down onto the bed. CJ straddled my leg, letting some of his weight rest on me. I whimpered softly as his hands slipped under my shirt. I ran my hands up and down his beefy arms.

CJ pulled my shirt off and tossed it onto the floor, then pulled back onto his knees and pulled his shirt off and tossed it on top of mine.

"Oh, my god," I said breathlessly. He had a beefy chest and a rounded belly, all covered in dark curly hair. He leaned down over me and I ran my hands up and down his body.

"You like that fur?" he asked, his voice deep and husky.

"Yeah," I breathed. I ran my hands over his tattoo covered arms. They were the most beautifully artistic thing I had ever seen.

"Your tattoos are amazing. They're so colorful, so beautiful."

"I designed them myself. One of my buddies owns a tattoo shop. He did all the ink."

I ran my hands down to CJ's soft waist as he leaned down and kissed me. His hands moved down to my waist and unbuckled my belt. Before I knew it, my jeans were on the floor with our shirts.

I reached between us and struggled to unbuckle his belt. I got it unbuckled and unzipped and I pushed them down. He took over and dropped them onto the floor. CJ pulled back, kneeling between my legs.

"Micky, you are so sexy."

CJ's hands ran down my chest and stomach to my hips.

I blushed at his compliment. No one had ever told me I was sexy before. I wasn't sure if he meant it or not, but it felt good to hear him say it.

His hands moved to the waistband of my briefs. He looked at me for consent and I nodded. He slowly moved them down and my 4.5" erection snapped up against my belly and I shuddered. My briefs joined our pile of clothes on the floor. I felt so small and vulnerable naked in front of CJ.

"Fucking perfect," he whispered.

I looked into his face as he gazed up and down my body. He looked me in the eyes and I could tell he meant it.

"Thank you," I said as a tear slipped down my cheek.

CJ looked at me with concern for a second, then wiped away the tear. He moved down on top of me and kissed me. My arms wrapped around him as we French kissed passionately. I moaned as he moved down to my neck, kissing and suckling at the base of my neck where it joins my collarbone. He moved further down my chest and his tongue circled one of my nipples. The small brown nipple quickly stiffened into a hard peak and I moaned as he licked and sucked at it. He nipped it with his teeth and I yelped and pulled away.

He chuckled. "Too sensitive?"

I nodded. He gently licked it before turning his attention to the other one. I moaned and writhed on the bed. My hand moved to the back of his head and I ran my fingers though his thick hair. He moved back up and kissed me, then rolled over onto his side. His hand slid up and down my chest, running his finger through the fine patch of hair on my breastbone. "Cute. My little bear cub."

I giggled and blushed. I ran my hand through the same spot on his chest, thick with curly black hair. "I wish mine was like yours."

"You're just right the way you are, Micky. I mean that."

I smiled at him and shivered as his hand ran down my stomach, past my penis to my balls. He gently played with my sac, rolling the small orbs in his fingers. I drew in a ragged breath. My dick jerked and a drop of pre-come leaked onto my belly. His fingers slid up the shaft and he ran his fingers gently up and down. I quickly got to the edge. I gasped and grabbed at his wrist and pulled it away in a near panic.

CJ put his finger under my chin and looked me in the eye. "Micky, it's okay. Don't hold back. Just let yourself go. Let me make you feel good."

CJ was right. I was nervous about him seeing me naked and my less than average size. I was afraid of coming too quickly. I was afraid he wouldn't like me.

I nodded and took a deep breath and relaxed back onto the bed. CJ kissed my chest and continued moving down my body. My breathing quickly grew ragged and I gripped the sheets tightly. When CJ's warm and wet mouth enveloped my dick, I couldn't help but let go. My body jerked and convulsed as I spurt my hot load into his sucking mouth. I felt him swallowing and I moaned loudly.
