 It was everything...

I was really excited driving into the city today even if I was only going on four hours of sleep. The night before was everything I could've ever imagined. I had finally given myself to Martin in a way that I could've only dreamed of giving myself. As I squirmed in my seat I was constantly reminded that I had just been owned hours earlier.

Martin was perfect last night as far as I was concerned. We also made a break through and I finally understood how he had lost control the week before. Martin was not like me. Martin had never ever thought of being with a guy in his life and the fact that he was attracted to me confused and angered him. Naturally I would be the one that he would take his frustration out on. But after last night I had the feeling that we were getting past that. 

I was eighteen in the summer of 76. I stood 5' 6" at about 160lbs with light brown eyes and shoulder length brown reddish hair. I was in no way fat or out of shape. In fact I was in very good shape. I had a very nice body, plus many young ladies considered me boyishly handsome. Of course around girls I was terribly shy. Around guys I was very careful because it was the guys that always caught my eye. I also had a really nice ass attached to very muscle toned legs that were perfectly proportionate to that nice ass.

Martin would later let me know that I had everything that a guy appreciated in a round behind and nice set of legs. I was at the time, a young man with very feminine features. Of course being eighteen and very naive with the way things worked in the world, I had no clue.

From time to time growing up I always would eventually be called a fag or I would be told to stop being such a girl. I never took any of it seriously because for the most part those things were always said in moments of jest. Looking back now and trying to remember it all maybe they knew something that I didn't.

The 70's were a time when men looking at men was reason enough to get beaten and in some parts of the country to lose your life. Everything that I had been going through all my young life was bottled up inside of me. Until last Saturday, last Saturday started a chain of events that I had only fantasied about. On top of that the very next night I had finally been able to finally confess my secrets to someone that I considered my girlfriend\best friend\big sister.

Janie was the one person that I could talk to. Before I met Martin in January Janie was the one person that would listen to my day to day issues. I, in return, would be her sounding board because being 4 years younger I really couldn't advise her on what to do with her dramas and Janie had a lot of dramas.

But last week I had dropped a bombshell on her and she took it in stride. So today I was really eager to finally talk to her and let her know how all her advice had helped me out. But first I had to pay homage to the happy couple. My grandfather and Janie's mother were that couple. That's how Janie and I had come to know each other. My grandfather who raised me had started dating Janie's mother years earlier.

This lady friend of my grandfather's had two daughters but it was Janie who I connected with. Janie was the one that was always there for me in my best to worst times of being a growing young man. If she saw that I was bored on our weekly visits she would let me tag along to her hangouts with her friends and later to her parties. So naturally she would be the one that I could always trust with my deepest secrets. 

I had finally arrived and I could tell by the amount of cars parked in front of the house that today was a larger gathering than usual. I walked in the front door and the front rooms of the house were empty.

Making my way back to the kitchen there was finally life. Sounds of ladies chatting away as they prepared some the dishes to be served with the meats that were being prepared by the men outside.

I was getting and giving the obligatory hugs and fake kisses on the cheek. I would smile and nod as the small talk came at me all at once. The usual, "Oh my goodness is that David?" and "Oh David look at you!" and finally, "Oh I bet you have a nice girlfriend as handsome as you are." If they only knew, I thought to myself.

Finally I broke through, past the final part of the house and was hitting the backdoor. Immediately the sound of music and the smell of the meats cooking on the barbeque grill hit me. As I walked outside I waved at the men on the left side of the yard over in their "cook's corner."

Just like with the women in the kitchen I had to go over and shake hands, do the guy nod and basically acknowledge their tuff guy presence. Except for Jeff. Jeff was Janie's guy at the time and he was the cool tuff guy. Jeff was wearing Janie's mother's cooking apron as he worked the grill.

This of course was the joke. Jeff was as macho as they got at that time. As the guys walked over to shake my hand they would look over at Jeff and say with fake disgust, "This fucking guy." To which Jeff would respond, "Fuck off, you know you like it, fag." With that the group would laugh and the show would go on.

I call it a show because that's exactly what this was. Looking over to the middle of the yard over to the right there was the King and Queen of the gathering. My grandfather and Janie's mother on a long outdoor chair\swing for two. On either side of them all the other grey haired couples. The only thing that was missing was the court jester.

I quickly made my way over to acknowledge the old man and his lady friend. To "kiss the ring" as it were. I reassured the old man that the status at the farm was well and the irrigation had been done as he requested of me. I politely excused myself and I started scanning the yard for Janie.

As I she came into sight on the other side of the yard against the back gate, I grinned and thought to myself, "Slut." I never really looked at Janie before but for some reason this afternoon she caught my eye. She was in border line Daisy Dukes, very nice tan legs and her summer flip flops.

She was wearing a nice red blouse with stringy shoulder straps. The blouse cut down enough too show the slightest cleavage from a pair of very lovely 36 C's. Wow, I thought to myself. Janie was hot.

I started making my way to her as she turned and made eye contact with me. I watched her as she said something to her little group of friends then turned and headed my way. Meeting her half way Janie flashed that gorgeous smile of hers and in a low voice asked, "Well?"

Responding to her trying not to make any facial expressions that anyone watching us could read, "Well what? Really you want to know everything right here?" I responded. "Relax," Janie would blurt out as she laughed out loud. Looking around everyone was in their own little world plus with the music it's not like they could hear anything. 

But still, seriously, what did she think I was going to say? Did she think I was going to tell her that my asshole. Ugh, sorry, my pussy was worn out from the night before?? That I really needed to go to the bathroom and check myself because just a few moments ago I could feel some of Martins cum leak out of me?

Before I could speak Janie started talking, "Let's have some fun and play our parts then around dark we can go back to my place. Ok??" Then placing her hand on my arm she leaned forward and whispered in my ear, "Slut." Then she smiled putting me at ease and off we went. 

The afternoon went off without any issues. Everyone drank, ate and laughed their heads off. It was a good time had by all. Towards the end of the afternoon Janie picked a fight with Jeff the Macho Man causing him to tell her to go fuck herself as he jumped into his car and sped away. Then right on que Janie quickly ran up to me, grabbed my hand, "Time to leave," she would say then scurried me away.

As she turned the key to her front door and we walked in Janie would announce to me, "I've got until midnight. After midnight the asshole is going to show up and if he's sobered up I'm going to have to fuck him." I busted out laughing.

Finally we were alone and on her couch. Janie had prepared a nice little adult beverage for herself . I wasn't into alcohol at the time. Then once we were comfortable she leaned over and took my hand. "Tell me everything," she said with a smile. I took a deep breath then hung my head ever so slightly and started.

I explained how I had stuck to her routine that she set up for me. How Monday I had gone over to see Martin. How I had sucked his cock and how Martin had behaved at the end scaring the fuck out of me again. I also told her that apparently I discovered that night that I had a pussy. I hadn't even pronounced the Y and she was already laughing.

Then I explained how I had ignored him all week except for glances and stares that we would give each other in passing. "I don't know Davy this guy sounds like an asshole to me." Janie would say. I would continue and I finally got to yesterday. Saturday, the big day.

Looking at Janie she was leaning forward giving me her undivided attention. Eagerly waiting to hear ever word coming out of my mouth. 

As I continued talking I could see the changes in Janie's face and the way she would squirm around. That she was really getting turned on. I just kept telling the story, going from one event to the other. Until finally I had reached the halfway point of my afternoon/evening with Martin.

"Holy fuck Davy!" was all she could say. "You fell asleep as he was talking to you?!" Janie would say. I quickly responded, "Yes slut I fell asleep. Did you hear the part about how he dick whipped me with his huge cock?" "No fucking way Davy, I can't believe you fell asleep," she continued with disbelief tone in her voice. "Then what??" She asked.

I told her to get her refill and get comfortable. "There's more?!" Janie asked with her eyes wide. She thought that she had heard all the good stuff.

Then I continued telling her what I'm about to share with you...

Dreams are something that have always fascinated me. I knew I was in dream state because of the absurdity of the dream. I quickly realized that I was asleep and slowly started waking myself up. I lifted my head up and knew instantly that I was on Martins bed. Reaching out with my hands to either side of me I could tell that I was alone.

I quickly figured out that I was also naked. Then something happened that to this day I can still remember. I remember the feeling as if it was happening right now. I was lying on my stomach and as I lifted my head up and slightly turned to look around the room I felt myself discharge. At first I panicked but then I quickly realized what had happened.

Martins cum drooled its way out of my hole. Slowly down past the underside of my nut sack, pooling up between my balls on the bed sheet under me as I lay there. The feeling of the slimy cum just sliding down my balls caused me to shiver. Just as I had realized what had happened, another release. My asshole was slowly drooling out Martins cum and I could feel myself getting aroused all over again.

I slowly got up not caring about the slight discharge that I had just released and started making my way to the bathroom. As I straightened up and started walking I could feel Martins cum sliding out of me, some of it finding its way down the inside of my thigh.

Sitting down on the toilet I pushed as if I was going to have a bowel movement and all I heard were the echoing bloops and plops of cum hitting the toilet water. The sounds turned me off at first and as I parted my legs to see what was coming out I could see the big globs of cum inside the toilet. The sight of Martins cum gave me a small, satisfied feeling.

As I wiped myself I was amazed that I was still stretched. I was able to clean just inside the rim of my hole, aching ever so slightly as I did. After my sit down I quickly rinsed off in Martins shower making sure that I was clean again. Martin had expressed to me that I had to have soft skin and smell good for him the week before. One of his expectations\rules.

I dressed and made my way out still not knowing what had happened to Martin. As I stepped outside there he was. Sitting on the front stoop looking out at the stars. Living in the country where there are no city lights around, the stars are a show all by themselves. The moon was full but it was early evening and it sat low off on the horizon. As I looked up taking in view Martin motioned for my hand. As I quickly slid my hand into his he pulled me to him.

Guiding me around him to sit between his legs on the step in front of him. I sat down and he wrapped his arms around me. Martin held me.

By the smell of his body I could tell that he had showered, his fragrance was intoxicating. He started talking telling me about the Incas and the Aztecs and how their cultures were all about the stars. All I could do was sigh and lean back into him listening to his gentle voice. Martin was giving me an astrology lesson. I just sat there in his arms listening and taking it all in. Then he did something that made me gasp and jump out of my skin at once.

Martin reached down and slid his hand between my legs, over my crotch and cupped my balls. My mouth opened to release a faint gasp and my eyes opened wide. I tensed up because I didn't know what was going to happen next. Martin had made it clear that he would never touch my crotch. Ever.

Martin continued talking about everything and nothing as I sat there in shock. Then Martin leaned in and kissed my neck. "Relax baby, relax." Hearing those words whispered in my ear all I could do was exhale as I sunk back into Martins arms.

I didn't say a word about what he had done and the fact that his hand was still cupping my balls as he spoke, started making me hard. I wasn't going to press my luck. I stood up quickly then turned around. "So I know you did the irrigation run by yourself twice today so I got it tonight," I told Martin.

"How about we do it together?" He replied. I smiled and said, "If you're sure..." I excused myself and asked Martin if I could go home and get myself together. Of course he agreed and then I asked him to come hang out with me instead of both of us being alone.

Martin told me to go on and he would be over later. I went home and made sure that everything was perfect. I reapplied my lotion making sure that I felt smooth and soft. Making sure that I smelled good. Martin came over a few minutes later and we sat on the couch talking and watching television until it was time to go.

Finally it was after 2a.m. and we headed out the door. The Panhandle of Texas is flat desolate place. Patches of trees dot the country side because almost all of it is nothing but farm land. At night looking out into the distance you can see dots of lights of farm houses off in the distance. The only steady light on this night was a full moon.

Every stop we made the moon lit everything up for us. We hurried along and set the irrigation tubes for field after field. Until we came to the last one. We had finally finished. Martin was being extremely playful and walked me to the passenger side door of the truck.

Martin opened the door then grabbed my hand and spun me around. Sliding his hands around my waist he pulled me into him then leaned down and planted a kiss on me. Being shorter than him I instinctively reached up to wrap my hands around his neck as I rose up on my tip toes to meet his kiss.

A gentle kiss at first then he pushed my lips apart with his mouth sliding his tongue in mine as my lips parted. The kiss became more passionate. Then he pulled back and said, "Shit! I better stop babe. I didn't bring the lube with me and I don't want to hurt you." I just smiled then reached into my pocket and pulled out the tube of lube that Janie had bought me the week before.

Martin got a devilish grin then turned me around without care. As I found myself being turned around I was suddenly facing the inside of the truck cab. My hands on the seat. Then suddenly a hard tug. Without even bothering to unbutton my jeans, my pants were now at my knees.

Martin let out a soft groan as he saw that I had no underwear on and my nice firm round ass was right there for him to play with. Martin leaned in and started kissing my neck putting the lube down on the seat in front of me. Both of his hands were on my ass. His mouth on my neck and shoulders.

Martin grabbed my shirt and with one strong pull lifted it over my arms and tossed it inside the cab. The cool late night Texas breeze hit my skin and my puffies, as if they needed any other excuse, instantly expanded to full attention. Martin was still busy with my ass. Kneading my ass cheeks. Pushing them together then pulling them apart spreading me open. Each time he spread me open I could feel my hole pout open then close.

Martin was full of surprises tonight because what came next was not expected, at all. Martin dropped to one knee and with one hand he pushed me forward. Bending me over onto the truck seat. Then his hands now back on my ass he started kissing my ass cheeks. One then the other, pulling them apart. Then he started kissing my crack until finally. His mouth found my hole.

Martin would kiss my hole and flicker his tongue on it. Then he would lay his tongue flat on my hole then slide that marvelous tongue up and down and across my hole. "I knew your pussy was clean," Martin growled in-between licks. "Lick my pussy," I whispered back. With that Martin stick his tongue in my ass.

A squeal came out of my mouth the minute I felt him slide the tip of his tongue in me. Laying down flat on the seat of the truck I relaxed and let him do whatever he wanted. Just like earlier I was moaning uncontrollably. Then he stopped and stood up.

I stayed still, bent over on the seat of the truck and I could hear him taking off his shoes then his pants. As he tossed his pants inside the truck he grabbed the lube. I instantly started to pant. I knew what was next. That monster cock had fucked me really well hours earlier and I was still sore. Martin was going to fuck me again.

The entire time we were driving from field to field I had been squirming in my seat because of the soreness that my hole was feeling. But before I could think any more on it there was a slather of lube being applied to my hole. Martin didn't say a word the entire time and after he lathered his cock with lube he wiped his hand on my ass cheek and leg.

Once again that monster cock head was on my hole. Grabbing on to the seat in front of me. I frantically started to brace and balance myself. My pants had dropped to my ankles now so I couldn't spread my feet apart very wide. I slipped my left hand between the back rest of the seat and the back of it and my right hand grabbing on to the front of the seat.

Without any warning I felt a hard push and that monster cock head pushed inside of me with one hard push. Burying my face into the seat to try to muffle my mouth I let out a muffled scream. Once again Martin stood absolutely still. My fists were clenched to the truck seat. I could feel my fingers digging into the material. Eyes closed tight and my teeth gnashing together.

"Relax your pussy baby, just like earlier. Relax your pussy." Martin's voice started to sooth me and calm me down. I felt my breathing start to even out then my hole which once again had sealed around Martins huge cock head started relaxing. The pain was subsiding and the low ache was all that was remaining.

Bending over me to reach my shoulders. Martin grabbed on to them and once again pushed. Once again I moaned uncontrollably. Again he pushed and this time I squealed. Then one last, slow, steady push. The entire push I lost control of my sounds coming out of my mouth. Was I moaning? A groan? A squeal? Maybe all at the same time because that monster cock was sliding in deeper.
