 "You said you love eating pussy, if you eat my ass like a pussy, you can fuck it like a pussy, as hard, as long and as many times as you want!"

*****

Like I said, Steve is very trim and very smooth, however, he has a sweet, round, smooth, muscle butt that looked amazing and inviting. There was just a bit of hair in his crack and around his hole. I was sitting there looking at it, and remembering how tough it was to get pussy around here, and thought, "why not"!

I slipped off the chair and got down on my knees between his legs. I got my face down close to his hole and when I spread his cheeks he moaned, it was deep and animalistic! I looked closely to see if it was clean, then I leaned in and smell it. I was up close looking at it, and have to admit, it was the first manhole I'd ever seen and it also smelled nice.

After 2-3 tentative licks, I laid down on the floor behind him and went into pussy eating mode. I licked up and down his crack and then centered on his hole and started licking and tongue fucking it. It was kind of hot, actually more fun than pussy as I had to really work and press my tongue hard to gain access.

After a while of "really" enjoying eating my first ass and listening to Steve moaning, he moved forward, turned around and kissed my ass licking lips, then pushed me onto my back, reached under the couch cushions, grabbed a condom and rolled it down my cock. The next was lube he spread over my cock and rubbed some on his hole, then slowly lowered himself down onto my thick throbbing cock.

Watching his facial expressions made me wonder why he would want to do this but seeing and feeling what his hole did to my cock once he had accomplished taking it gave me a clue.

In due time he was just sitting still working his inner muscles giving my cock the massage of it's life. Now I was the one doing the moaning and after a while he started sliding up and down most of the length. It was hot and felt so good, but after a few minutes, he gave me another thrill and while still totally impaled he did a 180-degree turn so that I could watch my big cock slide in and out of his stretched hole. That was fucking amazing!

After about 10 mins I thought Steve might be getting tired and his super tight hole was making me want to cum bad! So I grabbed his hips on an upstroke and held him 6-7 inches above me and started fucking fast and hard. After a few minutes, I told him I was ready to bust, and he almost hollered, "I want to take it in my mouth."

With that, he jumped up, spun around, peeled off the condom and buried my cock in his throat! About 10-15 times of his mouth and throat sliding up and down the entire length of my cock I hollered, "Here it comes, I'm gonna bust, I'm gonna bust!"

He shoved his face down so that his lips and nose were in my full bush and I could feel the pressure against my pubic bone, and his throat quietly spasming around my throbbing cock!

I shot volley after volley deep into his throat and he finally slid back until just the tip was between his lips and took the last 4-5 shots on his tongue. He finally released my cock and as it slapped my hard somewhat hairy abs, he smiled and then opened his mouth wide so I could see the part of my load he caught in his mouth, and then closed and swallowed. Fuck I almost could have shot again!

I looked down and saw his satisfied cum smeared face and he smiled up at me. Soon he got me a towel to wipe up with and another beer. I had already had the straight guy remorse of having sex with another guy but was surprised at how his nonchalant attitude and a cold beer changed that.

We were both still naked and I looked at Steve's tight form as he moved around doing a few things, I realized that although it was rather small, he had just the perfect little fuckable ass! In no time I was lounging back in the chair and Steve was again deep throating my cock. He did a lot of things, but the two things I "really" liked were when he would just slide his mouth from the tip to the base and back sometimes 8, 10, 15 times, then he would slide to the base and just hold my entire cock encased in this warm, wet mouth and throat. Then the little fucker would make gagging motions with this throat, even though he wasn't gagging and massage the underside of my cock with his tongue! Fuck I could feel the tube on the underside of my big cock swelling.

He pulled off and my cock was all shiny and gooey and there were several strands of clear sticky liquid still attaching my cock to his mouth. He looked up at me and smiled and said, "Wow Josh, you precum a lot, even after just shooting a big load, that's fucking hot!"

I looked down at Steve between my legs, mouth dripping with cock juice and he just seemed so happy, and he is "so" good at what he does! He smiled and said, "I love servicing cock, but I "really" love it when a guy takes charge and fucks my throat just like a pussy!"

I realized something at that second, and it was that just having his ass and his throat referred to as a pussy, made this a bit easier. My mind clicked, it's just another kind of pussy! I have a pretty creative mind and I KNEW that Steve loved every part of this so why shouldn't I take advantage of what he been offered to me. 

I smiled down at Steve, leaned forward and cupped my hand around the back of his head and moved his head to my still steel hard cock. He opened wide as I pulled his face into my crotch and all the way down the thick shaft of my cock! Fuck his throat was like butter.

I now had both hands holding his head as I stood up with my legs spread wide and slowly slid my cock back until just the head was between his lips and then slowly slid back into the hilt! Fuck, that was so hot, so warm, so wet, and when he put effort into it also so tight!

I started a slow fucking in and out of his throat and could tell he was as into it as I was, that I took it to the point where I pulled my cock all the way out of his throat and slammed it back in.

He was amazing, he never wavered, his body remained erect, his head at the perfect height and angle, his mouth wide open, his back arched and his ass pushed out proudly! Fuck that ass was amazing! I was hovering over him and looked down his back and saw those two small perfectly round globes and my mouth said it before I realized that my brain had thought it, "I'm going to fuck you again, right now!"

There was no hesitation on his part, he spun around and went face down ass up, with his legs spread wide exposing his juicy little hole that was now open about the circumference of a pencil! Fuck that was SO hot, to see what my big cock had done to his tight little hole!

My cock came out of his throat with ribbons of precum, spit and whatever you like to call the clear goo that comes out of a well-fucked throat, I spit on Steve's hole and just plowed in! Steve grunted and I moaned!

Fuck I really didn't know what I enjoyed more fucking his throat or fucking that cute little ass. Again, I had a thought, it didn't matter! He had offered them both to me, as hard, as deep and as often as I wanted, no chick had ever told me that! After what was taking place here in his little apartment this afternoon I was pretty sure he meant it and was a man of his word. Fuck that meant, no more blue balls, no more going out late at night trolling for pussy that I wasn't going to get unless it was from a true skank, or worse. This could be the best of both worlds!

I was busy studying to make sure my grades met the scholarship requirements, so they paid for all, and I didn't need to be out running around late at night just to get my rocks off, because most of these east coast girls were too stuck up to go out with a west coast freshman.

The way Steve was throwing his ass back to meet my hips at every stroke I knew he was enjoying this as much or maybe more than I was, and I was giving him a drilling like I'd never given a girl, full-length stroke pounding. I told him I was going to bust and he just stuck his tight little round butt up and farther out for me, and I nutted him long and deep! Fuck that felt good!

When we finished he handed me another clean towel and another cold beer! I sat back down while Steve milled around, and thought about what a sweet deal this could be. I didn't quite guzzle my beer but I was drinking it.

Steve offered me his shower, basically told me that I was welcome anytime I wanted when he wasn't in class or working, that we had each other's numbers and if it was okay he'd text me now and then when he was free. He offered me another beer and I told him I'd better get going. It could have been awkward, but he was totally cool about it, and I told him I'd see him soon. I gave him a bro hug and was on my way.

I left with a spring in my step and headed to my place. It was getting late and I grabbed a bite on the way home. Soon I was at my place studying and when I got tired, I flopped on my bed and decided to stroke out another load before getting some sleep.