 I left with a spring in my step and headed to my place. It was getting late and I grabbed a bite on the way home. Soon I was at my place studying and when I got tired, I flopped on my bed and decided to stroke out another load before getting some sleep. 

***

So drifting off I'm thinking about how wild it was and how great it was to get my first amazingly hot deep throat and to have my first butt sex ever! At first, it was disappointing that it was with a dude, but hell, because of scholarships I had been thrust into this world of uptight chicks who were just not interested in me.

I know my parents had worked hard and sacrificed a lot to be able to put back the large amount of money that they had, but they knew it still wasn't going to be enough, so the deal was that as long as I kept at least a "B" grade average whatever money had to be borrowed in student loans we would share the responsibility of paying it back evenly.

So now that I had this amazing free ride for all four years of college, my parents made the same deal in reverse. That as long as I kept my "B" grade average and was able to keep the full scholarship for all four years of school, once I graduated and landed a great job, we would split the college fund that wasn't needed, and it could really help me purchase my first home or something substantial like that. So I didn't feel I had the right to complain about having to live in an area where pussy was difficult to come by, even though where I moved from, it was like it grew on trees!

When I woke the next morning, I could tell I gotten the best night's sleep I'd had since moving east, and I was pretty sure it had a lot to do with unloading my balls twice inside some jock's tight sweet ass! I could see a message on my phone and it was from Steve.

It read, "Great time last night, I'll bet you have a bad or in my thoughts really great case of morning wood and loaded balls. If you message me by 9:00 a.m., I can come unload them for you. Don't have time for much more, but think about how great your day would be to have your balls emptied first thing! Hit me up if interested! Steve!"

I started to laugh it off, ignore it and get ready for my day! I looked at the time and there was still time, I did have morning wood, so I just messaged Steve, "Hell yes" and then attached my address.

He texted back, "B there in 10!"

I knew how far away he was and that he was in a time crunch, so although I had intended to take a shower, I knew I didn't have time, and he must have run as he was here in just over five minutes.

I was on my bed as he came in the door and locked it behind him. I was leaning against the headboard and pulled back the sheet as he peeled off his shirt! "I don't have time to go home and clean up, so I can't get cum and throat juice on this one!"

We both laughed at that, and he dove between my spread legs. He gave my balls a couple of licks, and then sniffed and looked up at me, "Fuck Josh, you didn't shower after last night, that's fucking hot, you smell amazing!"

"Seriously Steve I intended to, but fell asleep last night, and didn't have time before you got here!"

"I'm glad you didn't! Most guys don't realize the power of their scent!"

We didn't chatter anymore as very soon, my cock was buried in his throat and he was making those gagging motions on my cock even though he wasn't gagging! It was amazing at how quickly I could feel my load building, and in under 10 minutes I "really" wanted to shoot my load, and soon, that want became a need, and in several more minutes, it was an impending event!

I told Steve I was going to blow soon but wanted some throat fuck action before it happened. He just shook his head yes, with my cock still totally buried in his throat, I grabbed both sides of his head and got up on my knees! He easily followed my position!

I only got ten or twelve full-length strokes all the way into his throat and all the way out to his lips before my cock started firing! It was truly an explosion and I could actually hear my cum shots squirt against his tonsils, it was fucking amazing. Finally, he lurched forward and I got to shoot a few more while he used his talented throat muscles to massage a few more shots out of my balls.

As I was recovering, Steve had used the towel I tossed him to wipe off his face and was putting on his shirt! He said, "This is piss poor timing, but I have to run home for a week or so, my grandmother is very ill and I want to see her at least one more time! I hate to leave you in need after you've been so great, so I gave your number to my best buddy, and he would be happy to take care of you while I'm gone!"

I couldn't help laughing when I said, "Steve, I'm glad you care, but it's not your responsibility to unload my balls whenever they need it!"

"Well Josh, I like to give the best service to straight men with big cocks that I can, so I talked to Luke, hell he's the guy who taught me to deep throat, if you let him, he will take amazing care of your cock, and just so you know, he's a little muscle fucker, you'd never guess likes cock, and he likes getting pounded as much as I do!"

"Jesus, Steve, what is this the cocksucker network?"

"Well kind of, I only gave him your number because I know when he messages you, if you decline, he will tell you he won't contact you again, but you can keep his number and you can contact him whenever you want. That's just how some of us jocks who love cock do things!"

"Well I'm not sure about all of this, but thanks, I guess!"

"Thank you, Josh, that load may have to hold me until I return I've got to run, hope to see you in a week or so!"

With that, he was out the door. I was mulling it over thinking that it was one thing to have a cocksucker I had met before and figured was pretty cool, which it turns out he was, but to have a total stranger coming over to suck my cock, I wasn't sure about.

I started to hit the shower and then I realized it was my long distance running day! Since I wasn't involved full time, in a team sport, I needed to get in a lot of cardio and burn a lot of calories to keep my 6 pack and still occasionally have beer, pizza, and burgers, so two days a week I did long distance running, so there was no sense showering first!

I had run about three miles when I got the text from Luke. Steve was right, he was a smaller guy, but he was built like a brick with a nice face and big lips. I responded that I was new to this and wasn't sure and that I was running for quite a while yet.

He text me again with a picture of a butt that put mine to shame, "This pussy and my mouth pussy will be waiting to reward you for staying in such hot stud shape and doing your distance running today! Remember, I taught Steve everything he knows about servicing hot jock cock! He's good, but I'm WAY better!" Then there was a smiley face with a wagging tongue! I like a sense of humor!

Fuck, my cock was swelling as I was running! I had just had a guy blow me less than an hour ago, and my randy cock was starting to tingle at the thought of this hot little muscle stud taking my cock now! Fuck I was already pretty sure I was going to do this!

I ran as far as I knew I could go and not be dying when I got back, so I texted Luke he was on, that I had about another hour or so of running, but I really needed a shower.

He text me right back and said, "I'd prefer that you didn't!" another smiley face with a wagging tongue.

"Really, my pits are ripe and I can almost smell my balls, and I fucked your buddy a couple of times yesterday evening!"

"Hell to the yes, stud! Manscent rocks and scent from a hot hung jock like you is the biggest aphrodisiac in the world!"

Fuck, I couldn't believe I was going to do this and that now two of these guys wanted my crotch stink, fuck, for some reason that REALLY turned me on! Luke texted me his address, so now I was running for some throat and ass pussy fucking of a hot muscle stud!

I was there sooner than expected and Luke opened the door looked me up and down and smiled! "Gatorade, water or beer?"

"Thanks, Gatorade first and then water or beer if that's okay!"

"Whatever you want stud! Fuck you are even hotter than Steve said!"

A bottle of Gatorade, a bottle of water, then a beer and a blow job. I was on Luke's couch, he was between my legs doing his best to show me how much better he is at sucking cock than Steve is, and I had to admit he was right. However, I was being mean and telling him I wasn't sure who was better, and he kept upping his game!

Fuck it was hot! He was slamming his face into my crotch and letting my cock all the way out of his mouth on most strokes. He could hold it down his throat for even longer periods than Steve could, he laughed and told me that he had learned how to breathe through his ears!

Thirty minutes later I had him bent over the arm of the couch and I was fucking him as hard and as fast as I could, and he was encouraging and egging me on! I ended up running back to my place to get a book, and my laptop and then spent most of the day at Luke's place studying, getting head, working out, fucking his gorgeous gravity-defying muscle butt, and getting head again. By the end of the day we were best friends and I damn near had to limp back to my place.

This time I was so tired I didn't even stop for a bite I just ate whatever I found in the mini frig and again collapsed in bed. But after several rounds of deep throat and fucking Luke, I didn't even beat off before going to sleep. My randy cock did wake me at about 3:00 a.m., and I stroked off to a visual of me taking turns on Steve and Luke's mouths and asses!

The next morning, 7:00 a.m. came too soon and I woke with a throbbing boner and the need to piss! I only thought about it for maybe 30 seconds before I text Luke a picture of my boner and asked if he wanted my load! He must have been awake as he text me back in less than a minute, "b there in 15!" I responded, "lock the door when you come in!"

I answered two more texts from other friends that had nothing to do with sex and headed to the bathroom to unload all the water and beer piss from the night before.

It felt as if the piss would never quit coming, I heard Luke open, then close and lock the door. "Hey dude, you pissing or taking a shower?" I could hear the laugh in his voice. Well, I definitely need a shower, you want me to rinse off, or are you still in into my stank?" I teased back.

"Fuck yes, get out here, you'll need a shower by the time we get finished though!"

I could smell my own pits and probably my crotch, but I knew when he got his face down there he would smell it for certain. Fuck I hadn't had a shower since the day before yesterday, I had only done that once or twice in my life when I was so sick with the flu or something I couldn't get out of bed!

"Really dude, you really want me and all this man funk?"

"I'm telling you, Josh, once you get over the idea that it smells bad because that's what we've been taught, you realize the riches of pheromones that come out of our pores with our sweat, it hugely turns me and many other guys on, and I think part of that may be why you're so horny and turned on!"

There was no sense in arguing now as he was already wrapping his nice, big, juicy, wet lips around the fat head of my cock, and not only didn't I care anymore, he couldn't talk with his mouth full. So as what had now become the norm, when I was standing getting head I was usually fucking the guy's throat and I fucking loved it! I'm going to tell you Steve is fucking amazing, Luke is fucking stellar! I couldn't imagine how it could get any better!

After about 10 minutes I had Luke bent over the edge of my bed, spit on his hole a couple of times and just slid in, I hated to admit it, but there was probably no pussy on this earth that felt that good, and as long as I'm going there, those two, big, round, smooth muscle cheeks were kind of hard to compete with too!

I pulled out and told him to turn around and get back on the floor and started into his throat again! Ass to mouth is what they call it, and although my cock looked squeaky clean, I knew it had just been up his ass and he gladly took it into his mouth and back down his throat.

Now I'm going to tell you, that if any chick I ever fucked was into that, I'd probably call her a skank, slut, whore, but having a guy do it, just made me feel, hot, proud, and turned on! I guess these guys just love cock so much, they will do damn near anything to please one, and I could not find one thing wrong with that!

I pulled my cock out of Luke's throat and I knew he thought I was going to shoot! He looked up at me and said, "How do you want to cum?"

"Later is how I want to cum!"

I grabbed him under his armpits and threw him up onto my bed. I looked down at him and smiled and said, "Show me your jock pussy!"

Luke really got a smile on his face, grabbed his ankles and pulled back and up, until his crack and slightly gaping, slightly swollen pink hole was in my view! Fuck that was hot, and I knew I'd been the one to make it gaping and swollen.

I figured I probably didn't need to, but I wanted to be sure, and I bent to spit into and on his hole. I got my face down there and started to realize what he was talking about. There was just a faint scent of his cock and balls with a bit of soap smell, but fuck, his hairy crack and hole had an entirely different scent to them, and it had nothing to do with poop! It was a bit familiar somewhat from locker rooms, and it was kind of a turn on!

I grabbed Luke's ankles and spread them wide, and got my first really good look at the guy. Fuck before, I hadn't really cared what he looked like, he was just someone who wanted to take care of my cock. But now before I slid into him, I looked him over pretty closely! 

I've already described his hole, that was centered between two high riding, firm, smooth, round cheeks. He had quite the forest of dark hair between his hole and his balls, and his balls were clipped, not shaved. He probably had a 6 to 6.5" cock that was making a clear sticky puddle on his tight lower belly, nice bush and trail that ran along his rippled abs up to full thick rounded pecs with just a patch of hair between them, and above them was a nice face, a full mustache/goatee combo a lot like mine and then gorgeous dark eyes and thick head of shiny/curly black hair. I'm going to guess that Luke was a combination of many nationalities, Latin, African, Asian, maybe Middle Eastern, but it all blended very well.

His eyes were kind of glazed, but he was smiling when I slid my cock inside of him. Some part of me at first thought that guys like Steve and Luke were less than me and at first, I thought I should treat them badly and make them not want to be my friend because they were gay, and I didn't want them hanging around. Now looking down at Luke he was amazing looking, and loved doing exactly what I wanted someone to do with my cock! Why would I treat him badly?

As I slid most of my cock into Luke, the smile left his face, his eyes kind of rolled back into his head, and his mouth just went slack. I realized that this was kind of his bliss! I wanted to make him feel a lot of that because he and Steve had recently made me feel a lot of that!

I was slow fucking him for about five minutes when he opened his eyes, smiled and said, "Come on Josh, don't fall in love FUCK me stud!"

I had to laugh, and my hips kicked into gear, and I drove my first load of the day as deep into Luke's hole as I could get it!

So two loads and an hour later Luke was getting ready to head out, and I was "finally" heading to the shower. Luke was about halfway out the door and he said, "Hey Josh, going to be busy this evening, but my friend Cory will contact you to see if you need some release. Yes, he's fucking hot, and if you do fuck him, don't forget me, because he's amazing too! See ya!"

He was gone before I could respond, and thought, what the fuck, Steve's hot, he sent me Luke! Luke's hot, he's sending me Cory, we'll see if I get a text.

After my much-needed shower, I grabbed my books and laptop and headed to the commissary for some real food for breakfast. I could study and eat at the same time. I was couple hours into it and really getting into the groove, I figured I'd give it another hour and then hit the gym.

I was almost finished when my phone signaled a text. It was Cory. He told me he was friends with Steve and Luke and had heard great things about me. He wanted to know if I wanted to stop by later, and he attached some pics!

Holy fuck, this jock looked a lot like Justin Bieber on steroids, and hotter! He showed shirtless pics of a nice jocks body, a face more handsome than Bieber and a fucking killer ass! Holy crap, it was bigger than Steve's, smaller than Lukes big bubble, and had the big dimples on the side of both cheeks and the 'v' shaped indentations above it! This showed someone who was dedicated to working out!

I wasn't really horny, but I knew I would be when I finished my workout today. So I text him back that I was finishing studies and heading to the gym that I'd be free in a couple of hours. He text back "Great, finishing my workout and going to study soon! Come by!"

He sent the address of his building and his room number and I headed to the gym.

I was kind of wound up by the time I got to the gym. I realized how much physical stamina that all this new sex was taking, and was glad for the aerobic calorie burn, but also realized that most of these guys were pretty damn hot themselves and that they needed to be attracted to something more than just my big cock! 

Steve and Luke were both in great shape, but fuck, from his pictures Cory looked like model material. I had a hard time realizing that I was now looking at guys in a sexual manner. 

I really threw myself into my workout and today was full body, mostly concentrating on my core. So I wasn't hitting arms and legs too hard, but the core was taking a good work out! Everything I could do to promote my abs, lats, and back. A previous trainer had taught me how to mix things up, to keep my body confused about what would happen next so that it was like constantly new material.

I was happy as I had exceeded reps from my previous time of working this routine, and felt tight and pumped. I also thought I noticed some of the guys checking me out more than usual, and then thought that maybe it was because I was checking them out more than usual. But I also wondered if already word might be getting around from Steve, Luke, and even Cory.

I realized that this area wasn't my home and probably never would be, so what did I care what others thought. I do my studies here for a few years and then head back to the west coast where I belonged, and no one would be the wiser about my current sex choices.

Cory's place was near where I live and was another similar setup. Whoever had designed the living quarters on this campus had done a great job. Because of my full-ride scholarship, I actually had a mini apartment that I didn't have to share, and that was also Cory and Luke's set up, but I figured theirs were both athletic scholarships.

I tapped on Cory's door and he met me shitless in some well-fitting designer briefs, with a margarita in his hand and said, "Fuck you're hotter than Luke described!"

"Thanks Cory, you look amazing too!"

"Well great Josh, enjoy your marg, I'm going to pour myself one, and I'd say this fuck is on!"

I laughed at that and stepped in. His apartment was exactly the same size as mine, but he had it set up much better with a lot of space saving and multipurpose furniture. Not only that is was clean as I whistle, it looked like a high tech loft out of an architectural magazine.

The furniture was comfortable, the colors were clean and bright and I felt very at home. Cory came over to where I was sitting, got down on the floor and started untying my shoes. Soon I was getting an amazing foot massage, then the socks disappeared and the massage continued, but soon he was up my calves, then thighs and finally he had me stand up and removed my shorts.
