 The grand finale of this two jock cock sucking session was taking turns sucking my cock and licking my balls! Luke jockeyed himself around and placed his very fuckable butt over my face and bent over to take my cock back into his mouth and eventually his throat while Cory did ball licking duty.

Once Luke figured his hole was wet enough he moved toward my crotch and I got to watch as he lowered his but round muscle butt all the way down the length of my cock in one slow steady stroke. This was very hot to watch but much hotter to feel!

Growing Up Hung Part 5

Luke was riding my cock like a madman, and it only surprised me a bit when Cory stepped in front of Luke and started fucking his face. Soon enough Luke got up and Cory took his place and then also sucked Luke's cock.

After a while, I decided it was time for me to take charge and moved them both onto their knees in front of me and started taking turns fucking their holes. There was plenty of difference in the look of their butts, but there were subtle differences in the feel of their butts, well their holes too!

It was hot to be in charge and hot to be able to move back and forth between them.

I was building up a head of steam and pulled out and told them I wanted both of their mouths at the same time! They looked at each other and smiled and looked at me and nodded.

Soon they had my cock between both of their mouths and I was fucking with their lips and tongues sliding up and down my cock! Fuck so hot to feel and even hotter to see.

Occasionally one would take the swollen head into his mouth while the other either ran his tongue and down the shaft, or licked my balls! I told them I was getting closer, and they doubled their efforts and started stroking their own cocks!

Luke started hollering first and started shooting cum on Cory's chest and belly and that set Cory off and he responded in kind! That was all it took for my balls to let go and I was shooting all over their faces as they groaned and finished shooting all over each other.

It was so fucking hot, there was cum flying everywhere! Again, we all collapsed in a sweaty cum drenched pile to regain our composure, and then we all squeezed into Cory's shower. Luke was in a hurry as he had to get to work so we both helped wash him, he jumped out and was gone before Cory and I finished.

I was drying off and walking out of the bathroom and found the bed converted back into a desk and Cory sitting on the couch in a well-fitting pair of briefs. He tossed me a cold bottle of water and had a wicked look on his face.

I asked him what was up and he only hesitated for a minute. "Well Josh, this morning wasn't my first threeway and it really brings to mind something that I've REALLY wanted to try!"

"Really, what's that?"

Again, he hesitated, "Well this was hot and fun, but the only three ways I've ever had were with a top and another bottom. I really, really want to try bottoming for two tops! Two well hung tops like you!"

I wasn't sure about this...I mean I'd never had a chick ask about two guys, but I realized that I was in a totally different territory. Cory started apologizing for asking right away! I stopped him and said, "Nothing to apologize about, it's just something I never thought of, you have to realize I'd never thought about doing anything with a dude until a couple of weeks ago, but look where I am now."

We left it at something that I would consider in the future. I was ready to go now, I had done a lot of gay shit in the last 24 hours, and felt the need for running and the gym.

I gave Cory a peck of a kiss and said I'd see him later.

Soon Steve was back so he worked into the mix. Hell, I was fucking at least two of the guys every day, and keeping my balls well drained. I felt like that helped my studying and my workouts.

About a week later Cory introduced me to Kevin. Nice guy, hot body, somewhat latin and an ass that wouldn't quit. We did another threeway with Cory and it was similar to the one with Luke.

So now I was fucking four jocks and getting it two to three times a day. Cory had been to my place a couple of times and said that he could help me fix it up similar to his place if I was interested. I was, Cory's place looked amazing and the layout was great.

Two days later, he text me that he, Steve and Luke would be there in 30 minutes, to straighten the place up the best I could that they were bringing some things over to fix my place up! Fuck I couldn't believe it.

Within a couple of hours my place was transformed and looked great. I now had all this new storage and a system that converted a desk to a bed and other neat things. He told me that a buddy of his owed him a favor and was moving into a furnished apartment and gave him all the furniture.

I turned around to get us each a beer out of the frig and when I turned back I was kind of surprised, but not shocked to be presented with 3 hot naked jock bodies!

What happened for the next hour was any man's dream! Well as long as being worshiped my hot jocks happened to be the man's dream.

Now instead of having two guys sucking and licking my cock and balls, there were three. 

It was fucking amazing, they were doing things like one on each of my nipples and one on my cock. One sucking my cock and two licking my balls! One sucking the head of my cock and two sliding their wet mouths up and down the shaft. I was hot and panting.

Cory arranged me bed like he had one time with his and rasied the head of it up, where I was sitting on the bed but my back was supported by the top half of the bed. Steve was the first to drop his hot ass down on my cock, and start riding. Cory and Luke were taking turns licking my balls. Then Steve got up and Luke dropped his ass on my cock. Then it was Cory's turn. Fuck I felt like a stud but wondered how long I could keep this up and make them all happy.

Soon we jockeyed around and they were all on their knees holding onto the top of the raised bed pushing their hot jock butts out for my use and approval. Fuck it was hot, I would fuck one until I felt I was going to shoot then pull out and move to the next. Cory was the smart one and got in the middle...that way he was getting fucked twice as much as the others, but all seemed happy.

I have no idea how long this fuck-a-thon went on when finally Cory got off his knees and said, "Which one do you want, I'm going to fuck the other one!"

I pointed at Steve and Cory said, "Great, I like to fuck once in a while too!"

He shoved into Luke and I shoved into Steve and the fuck was on!

It was actually kind of hot watching Cory fuck, partially because I'd never seen a guy fuck another guy, and partially hot to watch his spectacular muscle butt in action, knowing I had fucked it a lot and was certainly going to fuck it a lot more!

Luke and Steve had move closer together and reached under each other and were stroking each other's cocks. It soon became apparent that they were going to try to cum at the same time! I looked at Cory and wondered if we could do the same thing.

I looked at Cory and said, "They're trying to time blowing their loads, aren't they?" He smiled and nodded and said, "Yeah, it looks like it." There was a pause for a few seconds and he said, "Want to try to do the same thing, I think it might break some kind of record."

I laughed and said, "and the sound barrier too!"

Cory and I started fucking in unison, matching each other's strokes. Luke and Steve caught onto what we were planning and both looked back and nodded. We would just give them long strokes at a constant speed, but then I pulled all the way out and waited for Cory to do the same, then we nodded and both plugged back in deep to the holes in front of us. Both guys grunted!

We did that for a while and Steve and Luke told us they were getting close. I told them I was right there with them. Cory told me he wasn't quite ready yet, but I had an idea, and reached over and slid three fingers into his hole! He grunted and said, "That will bring me up to speed!"

In under five minutes we were all grunting and groaning and Luke hollered, "I'm gonna blow!"

Steve agreed, and I said, "I'm right there too!" Cory smiled at me and nodded, and we kicked our hips into gear and I'm sure our hips were almost a blur and we push both bottoms over the edge and then my balls were ready to fire!

Cory and I just kept pounding as Steve and Luke's holes started spasming around our cocks and soon we were both firing out loads up their respective butt!

Fuck it was so fucking hot, the sounds of four young jocks shooting their loads together. The scene of maleness, cum, and ass all permeated the air like a thick fog and one by one we collapsed into a hot sweaty pile on my new bed!