 Quinn woke up with a feeling of happiness like he's never known, he was still in the warm embrace of his angel and he had absolutely no intentions of getting up and ruining the moment. He was still wrapped in Galen's wings and delighted in the feathery softness of them, much softer than any blanket he'd used before. He was actually quite fascinated with Galen's wings, they were pure white, not even a spec of dirt was on them. Quinn brought his hand up and began to carass the soft feathers, as he did this Galen started to make a purring sound; Quinn immediately pulled his hand away as if he'd been caught doing something wrong. When he realized Galen was still sleeping and hadn't woken up he put his hand back and ran it through the soft feathers again; but this time instead of purring, Galen chuckled, and once again Quinn tore his hand away as if being caught with his hand in the cookie jar. Quinn looked up at Galen blushing and Galen was just smiling down at him with nothing but pure love in his eyes.

"You can touch them if you want Quinn, no need to be shy." Galen said.

"W-w-were y-you a-awake th-th-the wh-whole t-t-time?" Quinn asked.

"I woke when you first started petting them, but when you pulled your hand away I pretended to be asleep." Galen grinned at Quinn, knowing he was embarrassed. He didn't understand why of course, but then again he thought, Quinn wasn't used to intimacy, and with all the taboos placed on sex by society, he started to realize why Quinn might feel that way.

"W-w-w-why d-d-did y-you p-p-pretend?" Quinn asked while his faced maintained the blush he had gotten when Galen woke up.

"I wanted you to keep going, to touch and feel my wings like you had wanted since you first saw me. I knew if I woke up you'd stop, so I just pretended to be asleep." Galen chuckled as he watched Quinn go a bit redder, he leaned down and kissed Quinn's forehead lovingly, he smiled as Quinn leaned into his kiss as if to say 'do it again!' And Galen did kiss him again, peppering his face in soft kisses, and this time it was Quinn purring.

Quinn decided he loved this most, being wrapped in his angel's strong muscular arms and downy soft feathered wings while Galen mercilessly spread gentle kisses all over his face, he couldn't ask for more. Quinn thought about Galen's reaction when he was caressing his wings, he thought about how he had chuckled and immediately wondered why. "W-w-why d-d-did y-you l-l-laugh w-when I f-f-felt y-your w-wings?" Quinn asked curiously.

Galen reluctantly stopped kissing the beauty of a boy he was holding and smiled at Quinn, his cock began to stir as he remembered the innocent carasses he'd recieved from Quinn not long ago. "I laughed because my wings are very ticklish." Galen stated simply. 

"Th-they're t-t-t-ticklish?" Quinn asked while reaching out to run his hand through the soft feathers once more. 

"Yes, they are." Galen said, shuddering as Quinn weaved his hand through his feathers.

Quinn enjoyed the feeling of Galen shuddering and sometimes chuckling a bit as he ran his hands through the softness of Galen's wings. Quinn grinned as he came across a particularly sensitive part and then began to purposefully tickle him there, forcing Galen into full blown laughter. Galen allowed Quinn to have his fun for a little bit until he was sure he couldn't take the tickling anymore. And with that he flipped Quinn over causing him to shriek in surprise; now Galen was over top of Quinn and in complete control. Galen grinned evilly at the giggling boy beneath him; peeking into Quinn's thoughts he was relieved to see that he felt completely safe and that Galen hadn't scared him. He brought his hands down Quinn's body and then up again gently caressing his sides, and then without warning began to mercilessly tickle him. Quinn immediately began to buck and thrash his body as he laughed uncontrollably, the sound of Quinn laughing was like music to Galen's ears as he never got to hear it that often. 

"S-s-stop! S-s-stop!!" Quinn shouted through laughter. Had Galen not been able to read Quinn's mind he probably would have been worried that he had hurt him but he could see Quinn was not hurt at all. Galen stopped tickling him and was now back to carressing Quinn's body.

Quinn was still naked from the night before and Galen smiled as he saw that Quinn's penis was hard as a rock. Galen reached down and pulled off the small cloth covering his manhood. Up until now Quinn had not seen Galen completely naked and gasped as he seen Galen's 8" member, he felt a little inadequate looking at it as his was only half that; but all those feelings of inadequacy quickly went away as Galen leaned down and kissed him passionately. Quinn sucked in a breath as he felt the angel's member rub up against his own and he began to rock his hips upwards wanting to feel Galen's soft skin against him again. Galen brought his hips down and began to grind himself into Quinn slowly as he listened to him moan. Quinn felt like he was on fire, as if every touch from Galen was an electric shock going through his body and he loved it; he loved the feelings Galen was eliciting from him. Galen suddenly had an idea and stopped completely causing a moan of confusion from Quinn. He rolled off of Quinn and laid down on his side beside Quinn and stared into his eyes, Quinn was looking at him questioningly and started to turn onto his side but Galen stopped him and told him to stay lying down on his back, Quinn obeyed and stayed on his back.

"What was it about my wings you liked the most Quinn?" Galen asked already knowing the answer but wanting to hear Quinn say it.

"I l-l-liked the w-w-way th-they f-f-felt o-on m-m-my s-skin" Quinn answered, wondering what Galen had in mind.

Galen's smile grew as Quinn finished his answer, he knew exactly what Quinn wanted but was going to make him ask for it. "What was it you were imagining me doing to you with my wings?" Galen asked grinning evilly as Quinn's face turned at least eight shades of red. 

"I-I i-imagined th-th-that y-y-you w-were t-t-touching m-me w-with th-them." Quinn said, feeling his face grow hotter as he admitted to it.

Galen wasn't quite satisfied with the answer as he knew Quinn was sugar coating it so he wouldn't have to say it, but he wanted Quinn to feel comfortable saying anything he wanted in front of him so he decided to try one more time and if Quinn didn't say it, he'd have to play a little teasing game until Quinn felt so worked up he'd say it. Galen leaned in close to Quinn's ear and whispered "Quinn, I'm afraid that's not specific enough for me, care to tell me where it was my wings were touching you in your imagination?" Galen spoke, putting emphasis on the where.

As impossible as Quinn thought it was, he was sure he grew even more redder than he already was, he wanted to say it out loud, he really did, but he was still shy and couldn't bring himself to say it. So instead he just bucked his hips upwards trying to draw Galen's attention to his aching erection hoping that would be enough of an answer for him. Galen held back a chuckle as he admired the sight before him, his beautiful Quinn naked and aching for him moving his hips upwards causing his erection to bob up and down, Galen smiled wickedly thinking of the pleasurable ways he was going to torture his lover. 

Galen leaned in and gently sucked on Quinn's earlobe causing him to groan. He raised his head and looked into Quinn's eyes, he licked his lips and then placed the tip of his wing on Quinn's inner thigh and gently stroked him there. Quinn took a deep breath and moaned for the umpteenth time this morning. "Was this where you want me to touch you Quinn?" Galen asked, loving the way Quinn squirmed beneath his touch. Quinn was beyond speech and instead shook his head no and thrust his cock in the air wanting badly for Galen to touch him there. "Or was it here Quinn?" Galen asked as he brought his wing up to Quinn's rock hard nipples eliciting yet another moan from Quinn. After paying a considerate amount attention on one peak, he moved onto the next and did the same. 

By now Quinn was babbling incoherently and writhing beneath Galen's touch; he began bucking more frantically as he felt the tip of Galen's wing tickling the underside of his balls and once again asking if it was here in which Quinn wanted to be touched. Quinn was moaning loudly and didn't care if his neighbours heard him, he just needed to cum! 

"I-I-I n-n-need i-it!" Quinn was finally able to get out between moans.

Galen smiled 'Finally we're getting somewhere' he thought to himself. "What do you need Quinn?" Galen whispered close to Quinn's ears while continuing to tickle his sac.

"Ohhhhhhh, ungg ... P-p-please, I-I n-n-need t-t-to be t-touched" Quinn stammered.

"Where Quinn?" Galen asked while smiling, obviously loving the way Quinn was reacting to his touch. "uhgn M-m-my P-penis! T-t-touch, P-please!" Quinn said obviously so overwhelmed with need to come that he no longer cared about saying it aloud, he no longer felt that discomfort he had felt before and he realized that was what Galen had been trying to get rid of his entire time by making him say it.

Galen grinned as he encircled Quinn's cock in his soft wing and moved it up and down; he knew Quinn wasn't going to be able to come with just that as the grip with his wing wasn't firm enough, but instead would just bring a nice feeling to him. So Galen decided to do this for a little bit and then surprise Quinn with something else. Quinn was humping frantically into Galen's wing and was moaning loudly with the need to come. He soon came to the same realization Galen did just a few moments ago that he needed something firmer and with that he brought his hand down to his cock but before he could reach it Galen pushed his hand away. He looked at Galen in confusion and the angel just smiled at him. Galen manouvered himself so that he was straddling Quinn's thighs; and without any warning engulfed Quinn's cock in the warmth of his mouth. 

Quinn nearly screamed as he felt his member engulfed in Galen's mouth, his hands flew down to grip Galen's head of their own accord, it wasn't long before Quinn was thrashing as he came; the warm, wet suction were way too much for him, he'd never felt anything so wonderful on his cock before and was unable to hold out much longer. He held Galen's head still as he bucked his hips hard, thrusting as far into Galen's mouth as he could.

Galen figured Quinn wouldn't be able to last long; he savoured the taste of his love's thick white cream, swishing it around his mouth before swallowing. He gently suckled Quinn's cock until it was too sensitive and then slowly moved up so he was staring into his beloved Quinn's face; his eyes were clothes, he had a sated smile on his face and was breathing deeply, Galen leaned down and kissed his sweaty forehead and was surprised when he felt a hand grasp his tool. He looked into Quinn's now open eyes questioningly.

"I-I w-w-want t-t-to" Quinn said breathlessly.

Galen smiled, "Okay" he responded.

And with that Galen flipped them over so that Quinn was now over him and had full access to his own throbbing member. Quinn hesitated at first but then slowly reached down again and held Galen's cock in his hand. He moved his hand upwards towards the head and then back down again; he moved his hand down and lightly grasped Galen's sac and just held it. He gently rolled them in his hand like he sometimes did his own, he began to trace the length of Galen's tool with just the tip of his finger and then circled Galen's glans gathering some of the precum leaking from the throbbing member and spread it around the head.

Galen groaned at Quinn's virginal touches, he still couldn't bring himself to believe that Quinn would be experiencing his first time with him, and the way Quinn was touching him so innocently was almost too much. He stared down lovingly at Quinn as he grasped his member once more, more firmly this time and began to pump him. Quinn really enjoyed how Galen's cock felt in his hand, he loved watching his hand pump the skin up and down the steel hard penis. He moved his free hand to Galen's balls and began to massage them once more and to his delight Galen groaned. 

"A-a-am I d-doing i-i-it r-right?" Quinn asked, feeling a little unsure of himself.

""Perfect Quinn, absolutely perfect." Galen responded, smiling down at the beauty between his legs.

Quinn smiled at the knowledge he was doing well and began to pump faster and harder eliciting more groans and grunts from the angel of his dreams. By now Galen was squirming beneath Quinn and was humping into Quinn's hand as his impending climax grew nearer. Quinn only stroked harder knowing Galen was near; he wanted to please him just as Galen had pleased him, and not only because of that but also because he wanted to, he didn't feel it was something he had to do because of what Galen had said the night before about patience and being able to wait and he could feel inside him that Galen was telling the truth and would stay true to his word no matter what. 

And with one final stroke Galen's eyes rolled to the back of his head as he came to his climax calling Quinn's name. Quinn watched as Galen's juices erupted from his pulsing member and watched as it covered first Galen's chest then belly and continued to milk the last few drops out of him. He let go as the member began to soften and then moved up to beside Galen and wrapped his arms around his angel. Galen wrapped his arms around the boy and gently stroked his back; Quinn looked up into Galen's loving eyes and smiled shyly, Galen returned the smile and leant in and kissed Quinn lightly. He then picked up his precious bundle and carried him through the hall to the bathroom, he sat Quinn down onto the toilet and wetted a cloth to wipe the drying come off of them both. He picked Quinn up once again and brought him to his room, sat him on his bed and looked through his clothes and picked out some jeans and a white button down t-shirt.

"Put these on, I'm going to go to your father's room and grab some clothes to wear and then we're going to go out for a walk!" Galen said smiling at Quinn. 

Quinn liked the idea but then suddenly thought of something "W-w-won't p-p-people s-s-see y-your w-wings?"

"No, only you can see them Quinn, only you. To everyone else I'm just an ordinary person, and because of my wings I can't wear a shirt, but everyone else will be under the illusion that I am" Responded Galen.

Quinn smiled thinking about that, he liked that only he could see those beautiful wings, he felt special with this knowledge. He also liked the fact that the handsome angel would be topless all the time - and also only for him. "O-o-ok" 

Galen smiled and then went up to Quinn's father's room and picked out a pair of underwear and jeans. He went back down to find Quinn in the kitchen fully dressed and ready to leave. They quickly made a few sandwiches and grabbed some juice boxes before leaving.

"Hang on one moment Quinn, I'm going to grab a few extra drinks incase we end up wanting more. Wait here." Galen said

"O-okay." Quinn said, not sure why they would need more as they had enough for the both of them but decided not to question it.

Galen went into the house and closed the door leaving Quinn outside, he passed the kitchen and ran up to Quinn's bedroom and went into the back of his closet, grabbed what he was looking for and shoved it in the bag with the food and went back outside to where Quinn was waiting for him.

"S-s-so w-w-where a-are we g-going?" Quinn asked.

"It's a surprise." Galen responded smiling down at Quinn.

"I-i d-don't l-like s-s-surprises!" Quinn said, pouting a bit at Galen.

Galen laughed and ruffled Quinn's hair as they moved closer to their destination. "I know you don't like surprises, but I'm not about to tell you so you'll have to wait and be surprised." 

"F-fine." Quinn said, wondering where it is Galen was taking him.

Galen smiled, he was sure Quinn would like where they were going; the rest of the walk was silent, not an awkward silence, more of a peaceful silence, as though they didn't need to speak, they just knew what the other was thinking and understood one another perfectly. Quinn started to recognize the path they were taking through the woods, at first he thought he might know where they were going but quickly decided that probably wasn't it and instead just some short cut to another place. He began to think about his 'special' place as he liked to call it, he hadn't visited there since he was 16 years old. 

"Close your eyes, I'll lead you." Galen told Quinn.

"O-okay." Quinn responded and then closed his eyes. He left them open just a little so he could see where his angel was taking him. But then he seen Galen's wings come up and cover his eyes and could no longer see where he was going.

"In case you decide to peak." Galen said with a smirk as he covered Quinn's eyes. He started to lead Quinn but then realized the height difference was making it kind of hard to do so and instead scooped Quinn's small body in his arms and carried him. Quinn was caught a little off guard but certainly wasn't complaining about being swept off his feet by Galen. He put his right arm around Galen's neck and then rested his other against Galen's muscular chest. 

"We're almost there, Quinn." Galen said, he knew they were pretty close and would be there within 5 minutes.

"R-r-really? C-c-can I-I h-have a h-hint a-at l-l-l-least? I-I w-wanna kn-know!" Quinn asked, genuinely curious as to where it was Galen was taking him.

Galen chuckled at Quinn's attempt to find out before getting there. "You'll know as soon as we get there, no hints." Galen responded

Quinn let out a sigh and rested his head back on Galen's strong chest. He really wanted to know where they were going, if there was one thing he couldn't stand it was surprises. He'd been that way since he was a child and instead of some big build up, he just wanted to know right away. He was taken from his thoughts as he felt Galen come to a complete stop. 

Galen leaned his head down and kissed Quinn's forehead and then dropped the backpack he was carrying onto the ground. "We're here." He said.

"C-can I-i l-look n-n-now?" Quinn asked.

Galen grinned, "I don't know, I figured I'd just keep your eyes covered for a little longer, you're real adorable when you're frustrated." he said, chuckling a bit.

"Th-that's n-n-not f-f-fair! I-I r-really w-w-wanna s-s-see!" Quinn argued.

Galen leant down and pecked him on the lips in response then removed his wing from Quinn's eyes, allowing him to see. Quinn gasped as hee seen where they were, Galen HAD taken him to his special place. It was a place he had stumbled upon when he was just 13, he was running away from some kids who wouldn't stop picking on him and just kept running without looking back until he couldn't run anymore and that was how he found this place. It was a small clearing in the woods surrounded by trees and bushes with a pond at its center. This place always made him feel at peace, he would come here whenever he had a bad day or even if he didn't and he would just lay down on a blanket he'd brought and listen to the birds chirping and the small animals running around; they never judged him or hurt him, they just left him in peace and went along with their routine, he wondered why the people at his school couldn't just do that.

Galen watched as Quinn took in the scene around him, he interlocked his fingers with Quinn's and leant down and kissed the crown of his head. "I love you Quinn."

Quinn leaned back into his angel's embrace and rested his head on his shoulder, only now it hit him exactly how much Galen knew about him - everything. And he was glad Galen knew everything, no one else did, and now he had someone who understood him and loved him without condition. "I-i l-l-love y-you t-t-t-too." Quinn replied, looking up into Galen's eyes. Galen covered Quinn's lips with his own and kissed him passionately, he tasted every part of Quinn's mouth, every small crevice, he ran his tongue along Quinn's teeth and gently nibbled his bottom lip. Quinn was in ecstasy and felt himself get hard instantly. Galen reluctantly pulled away from Quinn ending the kiss and then stared into his sea blue eyes after removing his glasses. 
