 I decided to put this chapter in Quinn's perspective so please let me know whether you like it better this way or the other.

Feedback is greatly appreciated, so if you have some constructive criticism, or any suggestions you would like considered for where the story should go, please leave a comment!

(This chapter begins where the second chapter left off)

--------------------------------

I buried my face in Galen's chest as he carried me back the way we came. I really wanted to know where it was he was going to take me, but I'd given up on asking him because it was obvious he wasn't going to tell me. All he told me was that it is a surprise and that I'd like it, nothing else. After awhile of walking we arrived back at my house, I didn't know why, but whatever the reason, we were here.

"We have to get a few things before we go." Galen said after putting me down infront of the door.

"W-w-what d-do we n-need?" I asked, hoping this would be some clue as to where we were going.

"You'll know if I tell you." He answered with a bit of a smirk. Sometimes I feel like he knows exactly what I'm thinking, it isn't fair.

"F-fine." I said.

"Don't worry Quinn, you'll know where we're going soon enough. Now just stay here while I go get what we need." He said as he began to walk upstairs with my backpack.

I sat down at the kitchen table and waited for him. I could hear a closet door open upstairs and a few things rustling and then I just heard footsteps.I was starting to think back on what had happend so far since yesterday after I had been completely humiliated infront of the class. If it hadn't been for Galen I'm not sure what it is I would've done. I remember thinking how much I just wanted to die as I ran home, ofcourse it was not have been the first time I've thought things like that, I've never acted upon those thoughts, or even tried to, but I think if Galen hadn't have shown up I might have done something stupid. 

I wonder what it is I'm going to do about Monday, I can't go back to school, not after what happend. My teacher probably thinks I'm some disgusting pervert and the whole school undoubtedly knows what happend and as a result know I'm gay. They didn't treat guys they thought were gay too well at my school, and they already didn't treat me well so having them know will only make things worse, won't it?

I was snapped out of my daze when I heard Galen coming down the stairs, I really want to know where it is he is taking me, I hate surprises. I noticed he wasn't carrying my bag anymore. I looked up to his face, God he really is beautiful, I still can't quite understand how such a beautiful man can love someone like me. But I don't doubt it, that he loves me that is, I can see it in his eyes when he looks at me, he must be blind or something because no one that beautiful in their right mind can love someone like me. I'm the ugly duckling and he is the beautiful swan. And yet, he does love me, its confusing really.

"Quinn?" He said, snapping me back to reality, even his voice is beautiful. 

"Y-yes?" I stammered, I hate my stutter.

"We have to go now, or we'll be late." He says, I swear he knows what I was just thinking moments ago.

"K-kay" I said as I turned around to go for the door with him behind me.

I closed the door as we walked out and turned to lock it, I felt his hands on my shoulders as he began to massage me.

"You know I love you, right?" He said. Yep he deffinitely knew what I was thinking about.

"Y-y-yes." I was getting hard, he needed to stop massaging me before it became obvious. "I l-love y-y-you t-too."

"I know you do Quinn." He said right before kissing the top of my head. He stopped massaging my shoulders but by then I was fully hard, I was glad that my pants were loose and I was wearing tight briefs because it wasn't that obvious. I turned around to face him and as soon as I did he leant down and kissed me passionately on the lips. That deffinitely wasn't good for my boner as I felt it throb against my underwear. I put my arms around him and he picked me up again, I like it when he does that, it makes me feel protected and safe when I am in his arms. I wonder what people think when they see Galen walking by with me in his arms, I imagine some would feel jealous, that I am with this extremely beautiful man.

"S-so w-what a-a-are we d-doing f-for d-dinner?" I hate the silence.

"Not sure, what would you like for dinner?" He responds. 

"I d-don't know, I c-c-can't c-cook. W-we c-could o-order p-pizza." I actually can cook, I just don't want to, ofcourse it makes no sense to lie as he probably already knows the truth; but I'm afraid if I say I can cook he'll ask me to, and then I won't be able to say no. This way he won't ask, hopefully.

"I know you can cook, don't lie." Shit. I shouldn't have lied, he's a flippin angel for God's sakes ofcourse he knows what I can and cannot do.

"I-I'm s-sorry." I'm blushing now.

"Don't be, you don't need to cook though, we can just lie on the couch together and wait for the pizza, sound good?" He emphasizes 'together' by squeezing me tighter to him. I look into his face and he's smirking, he really is beautiful, there aren't enough words in the english language to describe how incredibly beautiful he is. 

I smile up at him, I still haven't quite gotten used to the fact that my angel is here with me right now, but I'm glad he is, I don't know how I got as far as I did without him. "W-why do y-y-you c-carry me a-around e-e-everywhere?" I know that's random but I've been wondering that for awhile now. 

"Would you prefer me to put you down?" He asked with a smile.

"I-I'm j-just c-c-curious." I respond. Why does he answer questions with more questions?

"Well, I like having you as close to me as possible, that way I know you're safe. This is new for me too you know, 18 years have gone by and I haven't been able to lay a finger on you. I guess I'm just taking advantage of the fact that I can touch you now. But if you'd feel more comfortable walking, don't be afraid to let me know."

Who the hell would be more comfortable walking when they could be carried by this hunk of a man? But I didn't say that, instead I blushed and went with "I-I like i-it th-this w-w-way."

"I like it this way too, but I'm gonna have to put you down, because we're here." He said smiling. 

I didn't even realize we had stopped. I looked ahead as he set me down on the ground and couldn't believe where we were. I felt my jaw drop, I've been wanting to see this since it came out but hadn't been able to because the tickets were sold out, well I thought they were anyway. We were at the theatre where 'We Will Rock You' is playing, it was supposed to be a really good production of it, which is why it sold out. But how the hell did Galen get tickets when he had barely been here a day? This must me some kind of a mistake.

"I know you think this is a mistake." Galen said. "But it's not, it's hard to explain, but it is not a mistake."

"H-how?" I asked, he couldn't just not tell me! I had to know!

"A friend." He responded as if it was nothing.

A friend? He hasn't left me since he's been here, has he? No he hasn't, I'm sure of it. We began to move into the theatre, there was a line up. 

"It is very complicated to explain, but I'll put it this way, I'm not the only angel on Earth you know." He said smiling.

That made a little more sense I suppose, if he's not the only angel and there were one working here then I guess he could get us tickets. Do angels work?

"Yes." He said, out of nowhere.

"Huh?" I said.

"Yes, we do work. that's what your wondering isn't it?" He responded. He had his arm around my shoulder, I don't want him to ever lose physical contact with me, I feel safe with it. 

We got to the front of the line and I still hadn't quite figured out how he'd been able to meet with this angel friend of his when he has been with me all this time.

"Hi! Here are the tickets, I believe the owner, Julien Marsters has left a message about me. I'm Galen Aldridge." He used my last name! And his friend is the owner? I didn't expect that, I expected something a little lower, not the fucking boss!

The lady at the desk seemed to be fiddling around for something before she gestured for one of the employees over to where we were. "Yes, he has and if you could just follow Matthew he will lead you right to him." She smiled up at Galen, she was probably admiring how gorgeous he is. I felt pretty awesome being with him, seeing people look at him with lustful eyes, both men and women. 

We followed Matthew up a flight of stairs and down the hall until we came to a door on the left. He knocked a few times before we heard someone from the otherside shout that we could come in. Matthew opened the door for us although he didn't walk in, just held it open for us and then left. I looked around the room, it looked like any other office really except for the fact that it was filled with posters of different productions they had done. 

"Hi Quinn." I heard from my left, he said it so softly I immediately felt calm in his presence, kind of like the way I do when I'm alone with Galen. I looked up at him, he was gorgeous too, were all angels? He had long brown hair which he kept held back in a pony taiil, high cheekbones and these beautiful emerald green eyes. Emerald green is my favourite colour, so I am pretty damn jealous that I don't have eyes like those. He was wearing a dark purple dress shirt, with black dress pants, probably some designer, but I wouldn't know. I think I lingered a little too long on his crotch but hopefully he didn't notice. Who the hell am I kidding? Ofcourse he noticed! 

"H-hi." I managed to finally stammer after taking in his beauty.

"My name is Julien Marsters, So, Galen's taking you to see the play I see. Is it one you've wanted to see?" He asked. He was talking to me gently, like you would a small child almost. Normally I'd feel a bit offended by that but I didn't in this case, I feel a sort of calm, I don't know why but it's what I felt like. I guess I figure he probably knows what life is like for me and is making an extra effort to make me feel comfortable. 

"Y-y-yes, i-it i-is. I w-w-wanted t-to go f-for a-awhile b-but c-couldn't." I answered. 

"That's great that this is one you've wanted to see, and I'm glad you're able to see it today and hopefully you'll like it." He looked questioningly at Galen for a minute and then back at me. "Do you mind it I steal him for a moment Quinn? It'll just take a second and we'll be right out the door, kay?" 

"K-kay" I answered.

I watched Julien and Galen leave the room, I wonder what it is they need to talk about. I start to look around at the different posters, almost all of these I wanted to see. 'Footloose' and 'Mama Mia' were two I had had my heart set on. I'm a bit of a theatre geek, I love the theatre, although I don't get to see it that often. It's not because I can't afford it, I just don't have anyone to go with. 

I walked over to the poster by Julien's desk, it's a 'Sweeney Todd' poster, I never knew they had that playing here at one time, I wish I'd seen it, I heard it was good. I saw this picture on Julien's desk, it's of him and a girl, actually a young woman, probably in her mid-twenties. He has his arm around, sort of in a protective way, and she's smiling; is this his wife? Can angels even get married? His girlfriend? Or is this a woman that he is looking after and came down to her the same way Galen came to me? 

I pick it up to look at it more closely, it's in a park, she's really pretty. Red hair and brown eyes, She is a little shorter than him but not by much. If he did come down to her than I wonder what it is that happend to her, it must've been bad, Galen said angels rarely come down to the person in their care the same way he has for me.

Just then I feel a hand on my shoulder, I swear I must've jumped a mile off the floor, okay, that's an exaggeration, but I was surprised damnit! The picture fell to the floor and I heard what sounded like the glass break. Now that I realize the person behind me is most likely Julien I feel bad, I shouldn't have been snooping, and now I've broken his picture. 

"It's okay Quinn, it's just me." I heard Galen from behind me. 

I turn around to see them both standing there, Galen was the one with his hand on my shoulder. "I-I'm s-sorry."

"Don't feel sorry Quinn, pictures can be replaced." He says with a smile.

"Well I think we better get into the theatre though, don't wanna miss the beginning of the play." Galen said.

"Alright, well it was nice to meet you Quinn and I look forward to seeing you again sometime." Julien said as he extended his hand to me, I took it, he had a firm grip, much firmer than mine. 

"I-it w-was n-nice to m-m-meet y-you t-t-too." I said back to him.

After Julien and Galen said their goodbyes, Galen and I headed for the theatre. I remembered the girl in the picture, I still didn't know who she was, I wonder if I'll get to meet her too. 

"Wh-who was th-th-the g-girl i-in the ph-photo?" I asked Galen.

"She is the person in his care, it's almost the same situation as me and you." Replied Galen.

"A-almost?"

"It's a bit different, all angels love the ones in their care, and it's very common for an angel to fall in love with that person as well, like I have with you. But there are angels who haven't fallen in love with the one they look after and instead love them as if it were their own child. That is like their situation, they love eachother, just not like you and me. But other then that it's the same situation as ours."

"I g-get i-it." To tell you the truth, I was glad Galen had fallen in love with me, I loved the way he touched me and cared for me, I couldn't imagine it any other way. 

We were now in the theatre and approaching our seats, I was surprised to learn that we had front row seats, I was expecting something at the back! After we sat down in our seats Galen pulled up the arm rest that separated us and pulled me into him. I looked up to see him smiling down at me.

"I made sure to get close seats so you'd be able to see." He said. 

"Th-thanks." I was glad he did, I'm short and even in theatres where the floor is slanted a bit it's hard for me to see. Just then he leaned down and kissed me on the mouth; it was a gentle kiss, not like making out or anything. At first I was a little shocked that he was doing this infront of people and almost pulled away but something stopped me, and instead of pulling away I kissed him back. He pulled his lips apart from mine and then placed another one of those gentle kisses on my forehead.

"I love you Quinn." He whispered in my ear.

"I l-love y-y-you t-t-too"

Just then the lights started to go darker, a voice from somewhere, I don't know from where asked us to turn off our cell phones and any other noise making items. The show opened with the song 'Radio GaGa' and a little bit after that Galileo sang 'I Want to Break Free' which is one of my favourites by Queen. As the show progressed I felt I could sort of in a way relate to Galileo. Not in the idea that he is a rebel but in the fact that he's an outcast, that people won't just let him be the way he wants to be. Ofcourse the difference between me and him is the people who won't leave me be aren't trying to kill him like they are with him, but it's the same idea; he's different so they don't like him. 

Galen was still holding me close to him when the end of the show was near. As they were finishing the show with 'Bohemian Rhapsody' which is for sure my favourite of all Galen leaned in and asked me how I liked it, which I think the answer is pretty obvious with the expression on my face right now.

"I-I love i-it! I-it's r-r-really g-good!" I say to him.

"I knew you'd like it!" Galen said right before kissing me.

As they finished 'Bohemian Rhapsody' and along with it the show, I wondered if my problems would end happily like Galileo's did. We left the theatre after all the actors had finished their bows, Galen was still holding me close as we walked out, which ofcourse I didn't mind. I saw Julien walking towards us when we were halfway to the doors.

"How did you two like the play?" Julien asked us.

"I really liked it." Galen replied before they both looked at me expectantly.

"I-It w-was g-g-good!" I said.

"Well I'm glad you both liked it, you guys are welcome anytime just gimme a call, okay?" Julien said.

"I'm sure we will." Galen responded.

We said our goodbyes and then Galen and I left for home. On our way home we talked mostly about what we thought about the show, what our favourite part was, that sort of thing, I asked a bit about Julien, wondering why it was that I couldn't see his wings. To which Galen told me that when on earth, the only human that could see an angel in his or her true form is the one they look after. We arrived home at about six o'clock and I was feeling pretty hungry. 

"W-w-what d-do y-y-y-you w-want on th-the p-p-pizza?" I asked Galen.

"Anything you want is fine." He said.

"O-okay, then j-just p-p-pepporoni." I wasn't very creative with pizza, I really only like pepporoni on it and that was it. I grabbed the phone and handed it to Galen, I don't like ordering things on the phone because of my stutter. He gave me a look of understanding and took the phone. I gave him the number for pizza pizza, he ordered a large pepporoni pizza with two sprites, cheesey bread and the crust dipping sauce. 

After ordering the pizza Galen and I curled up on the couch to watch some t.v., CSI was on and we decided on that, although it was kind of hard to pay attention when the most gorgeous looking guy you'd ever met was lying behind you with his arms wrapped around you. We were holding hands and his wings were around me again, his left draped over me and I was laying on his right, his arms surrouded me in the same way.

He started to gently kiss the top of my head, which made it all the more harder to concentrate although I didn't really mind. He unclasped his hand from mine and began lightly rubbing my chest; I took in a sharp breath as he began to play with my nipple through my shirt. He switched between nipples a few times, pinching and tweaking before slowly moving down to my stomach, carassing me the entire way. He reached grabbed the end of my shirt and slowly pulled it up, I lifted myself a bit so that he could take my shirt off. 

I was now lying there half naked with him behind me, I could feel his bare chest against my back, and the direct skin-to-skin contact made me ache for him even more. He began to kiss the nape of my neck, slowly moving to my shoulder and then the side of my neck. While he was doing this, his hand was now playing with my nipples again, they were, among other things, rock hard. He once again slowly brought his hand down to my stomach, where he played with my naval, suggestively pushing his finger in and out.  

By now I was nothing but putty in his hands, I didn't even realize at first that I was humping the air. He brought his hand to the waistband of my jeans and slipped his hand inside, but not inside my underwear. He cupped his hand over my rock hard member and began to gently apply pressure as I humped against his hand. 

I was moaning more loudly as he began to rub me; after a minute or two he brought his hand to the waistband of my underwear started to slide his hand in. Just when he began to wrap his hand around my throbbing shaft the doorbell rang. I have never been more angry in my life to know that the pizza delivery guy was here! Galen let go of my penis and I let out a groan of frustration as he started to get up.

"I'll get it, you just lay here." He said with the most evil smirk I think I'd ever seen on him. It was as if he planned it this way, like he wanted me aching for him to finish where we left off all through dinner! 
