 Rob whispered, "We have company," as he moved out of Danny's arms and walked across the room.

"Huh?"

Danny wasn't aware she had come. He hadn't been aware of anything, but Robbie for the last half hour! Watching Rob walk across the floor, he smiled. He would never get tired of that view! His hard ass, long strong legs, broad shoulders. Or, he thought, the view in the doorway!

Rhoni was standing there, the leather skirt barely covering her pussy, black garters holding the hose that were caressing her thighs, and he could only imagine the sweet taste on those fingers that were caressing her own lips! Damn! Leaning against the door jam, her left hand still tracing in the valley between her full breasts, her right hand was sliding out from under her skirt, smoothing it. 

As she watched Robbie walk across the floor towards her, she absently brought her fingers to her lips again, caressing them with the sweet juices she had found between her legs. Damn he looked fine. Completely naked, no embarrassment on his part, and no reason to have any! His softened shaft brushed his balls as he walked towards her. She saw the beautiful chest, lightly covered with a darker shade of brown hair that tapered down over his tummy, to the base of his shaft. His balls were clean-shaven, with just a small amount of trimmed sandy hair at the base of his shaft. Mmmm,she wanted to trace her fingers through it, over it! So close now, she could see the moisture of Dan's kisses left on his shaft. How she wanted to taste it. Both of them. As she looked from Rob to Dan, she knew what she wanted She needed hands in her hair, skin against her lips, and the weight of them surrounding her.

"Please?"

Rob saw that her skin was flushed with arousal. Her nipples were poking against the purple satin blouse she was wearing. He could see her pulse rapidly beating at the base of her neck, and her beautiful brown eyes were now almost black with arousal.

"Please, what?"

As he placed his fingers over hers, tracing her lips, her tongue lightly teasing his fingertips as her lips parted. Lifting her hand, and pulling her fingers back to his own mouth, tracing them over his own lips, tasting her. Softly his tongue teased the tips of each one, before he opened his mouth, and cradling one on the tip of his tongue, sucked it back into his mouth, cleansing it of her wet, sweet juices. As he removed it, and teased the next, licking the tip, a gentle kiss, then sucking it in his mouth, he heard her gasp and saw a slight shudder. 

Smiling, "Please what Baby?"

Looking into Rob's eyes, and over at Dan, back and forth between them, she couldn't speak. It was too intense. The ache, the need. Watching them had driven her almost to climax, but she needed skin, and now!

"Touch me."

"I am." Rob laughingly teased. 

Dan had been leaning against the pool table, slowly stroking his hard cock as he watched the interaction between the two. She was so hot, he bet her thighs were soaked with her honey. Damn, he wanted his throbbing shaft buried between them! He wanted in on this, but didn't want to cut in on Rob! Looking over, he saw Robbie's smile and knew what he had in mind. Releasing his thick, hard shaft, it bounced as he walked over towards the couple in the doorway.

Trailing his hand across Rob's lower back and ass, he went to Rhoni's other side. As he slid his hand under her hair, lifting it from her neck, he leaned over and gave her gentle kisses along side of her neck, under her jaw. 

"Like this?"

"Mmmmm, Oh my God,yes."

Sucking in her breath, her pussy aching, the hot twinges going deep inside! Rob had moved his mouth from her fingers, to her lips, his tongue tracing along her bottom lip, as he sucked it in and gently nipped. At the same time as Dan was giving her kisses along the side her neck, and wrapping his arms around her from behind, pulling her back against his naked body. She could feel the heat of him through her clothes, his hard shaft pressed against her ass. Lifting her hair and kissing the back of her neck, he felt her ass push against him in a rocking motion he bet she wasn't even aware of. Damn she was hot!

"Come in hon. We have a better way to get comfortable." 

Rob took her right hand, as Dan circled to her left, and wrapping his arm around her, they walked her over to the large settee. It looked more like a bed in the room! It was huge!

"Sit down hon. Dan help her. I think her knees are going to give out." 

Laughing, "Not yet! Ummmm, can I have something to drink? A coke maybe." 

As aroused as she was, she was still nervous and all of a sudden, she needed something cold and wet! 

"Rob, you know where things are." 

Leaving her in Dan's hands, he went into the kitchen to get her something on ice and Dan a refill of the now watered down coke he had earlier. Smiling, he knew how this was going to go. And it was fine with him! Dan always took good care of him, but he never fucked another woman unless Danielle was present, or he knew it was ok before hand. Now oral? That was a different story. And after the little taste he had just gotten, he was hungry for a lot more! 

Dan sat down beside her on the seat. Or lay back actually. The settee was the type you could very comfortably curl up in the corner, stretch out on the length, lay side by side, or any manner of ways, get very comfortable! And he had bought it with just that purpose in mind!

"Danny?"

"Hmmm?" 

She tasted so sweet. Her skin was so soft, his lips were teasing her neck, his hand sliding up under the satin top. Her body felt like she had a fever, it was so hot. He pulled her back against him, where his hands had full access to her entire front. And his mouth had free reign. As his left hand slid under cupping her full breasts, his right hand was sliding up her thigh, finding the garter and the top of the thigh-hi hose she was wearing.

"Someone has entirely to many clothes on! This is not a fair picture!" 

Rob laughingly handed them their drinks, as he sat down facing Rhoni, adjusting for comfort, and one leg folded underneath him. Smiling as she took her drink, 

"Thank you." 

The cold of the diet coke sliding down her throat did quench her thirst, but did nothing to cool her or calm her nerves! As a matter of fact, she could think of several things to do with the ice in her glass. Her hand was shaking almost as bad as her insides! Handing the glass back to Rob so he could set it down for her, she saw him smile.

Watching Dan, he knew what was coming. Rob leaned over towards her, slowly unbuttoning her shirt, one button at a time. One button, one kiss, on the skin being bared underneath. Another button, another kiss. Dan was watching Rob's face as he proceeded to undress the woman in his arms. His teasing smile, the way his eyes darkened a little more with each kiss on the baring skin. Still cradling her between his legs, her back pulled against him, he couldn't wait to feel her bare skin against his. But he knew they wanted to take this slow. After taking a drink, he took a small ice cube, and reaching around, traced it over her hot skin, between her breasts.

"OH MY GAWD." 

Instinctively arching her back, she leaned her head back on Dan's shoulder, sucking in her breath, her legs tensing, and the muscles deep in her pussy tightening of their own! The cold of the ice, the heat of Dan's kisses on her neck, as his hands traced over her skin was almost too much. 

As he unfastened the hooks on the black lace bra she was wearing, Rob leaned over and licked the ice water running between her full breasts. Damn! He loved front hooks! Smiling, he doubted she realized that she was driving him crazy the way her fingers where playing in his hair, her nails scraping the back of his scalp every time his tongue would touch her hot skin.

Dan continued to trace the ice between her breasts, over her warm skin. Taking the sliver of ice that was left, he traced it around the dark part of her nipple, with Rob following the trail with his tongue and lips. Little licks, kisses, and sucks teasing around her nipple on the darkening areola. Finally, sucking the hardened nipple into his mouth, rolling it with his tongue, sucking gently, for now.

"Omgawd, yes!" 

One hand was above her head, in Dans' hair, the other clenched Rob's hair, holding him to her breasts as she closed her eyes to feel the exquisite torture the two men were giving her.

Never had she felt so much at once. "I can't. I can't."

"Can't what hon? SShh, it's ok." Dans' whisper into her hair from behind her, only heightened the sensations she was feeling. 

Rob could see she was becoming almost overwhelmed with the sensations the two of them were giving her, and knew without a doubt this was a total first for her. He knew they would have to be easy with her this time.

"It's ok baby. Just lay back and enjoy it. We've talked about wanting to do this for you for a long time."

Rob had the buttons undone, and as they leaned her up, the soft satin slid off of her, with Dan kissing every inch of skin as it was bared. Her shoulders, across her back, sucking in the skin on her shoulder blade as Rob took the final sleeve off of her and tossed the top onto the chair. Dan continued to massage her thighs, his hand firmly rubbed down and gently, lightly teasing back up the insides as Rob softly kissed right between her full breasts, at the joining of her breastbone. Her moans were becoming deeper and softer as her hips began to grind ever so gently back against Dan's hard shaft.

"Ah ha, someone has a teaser spot! Mmmm." 

As Rob sucked on the spot between her breasts, she could feel it down into her pussy. She wasn't aware of how her legs had become stretched out in front of her, or Dan's hands unzipping her skirt, until Rob began to slide his hands under her thighs and lift her to pull her skirt. By now, she didn't care. There was too much between them. She needed it off! 

Sliding her skirt down over the curve of her ass and her ample thighs, it was almost too much for Rob. He wanted buried between them. She was so hot, so wet. Her thighs were damp with the honey flowing from her wet pussy. He didn't know if she had cum yet, but she was so very close. And he wanted it when she did. All she had left on was the black lace garter and hose, and he doubted she would believe how damn sexy and sensual she looked!

She could feel Dan's hard cock against her ass and back. The heat of it was burning an imprint on her skin. She could feel it throbbing,

"Give me Dan, please?"

"What Baby, what do you want?"

Leaning sideways into him, she looked up and kissed his lips with her own. Her tongue gently touching, tasting, teasing. As she slid down, she kissed his neck, his collar bone. She needed to taste. To feel the hot body behind her. Hearing his soft moans, she knew he liked it. Down, she licked around his nipples, first one, then the other. She could feel Rob's hands on her legs, her thighs, massaging her ass. Sucking one of Dan's nipples into her mouth, it was hard as a little pebble. Giggling, she moved to the other one. Kisses across his skin, teasing, licking, sucking it in, as her hands moved farther down his waist, hips. But not yet. Kissing his stomach, she looked up at him, and smiled.

"Ooohhh Baby. Where are you going?"

With a soft moan, she licked the sensitive spot she thought might be just inside his hipbone, then the warm, soft skin on either side of the throbbing shaft. His moans deepened as his hands caressed her back and slid into her hair, trying to guide her where he wanted her to go. She could see the veins, bulging. She licked the other side, closer. His cock jumped as she came closer, like it was trying to get in the path of her mouth. Sliding down further yet, her mouth trailed kisses over his hips, both sides. Down his thighs, her hands rubbing down his legs, touching the top of Rob's head, as he was straddled beside and behind her. Kissing her legs and ass, her lower back, feeding her fire, as she fed Dan's. As she suddenly licked the under side of one of Dan's balls, he jumped. 

"Fuck!"

Moaning slightly, she licked the other, giving kisses to each. Licking and kissing his balls, his hands came down and grabbed her hair, pulling firmly, but not painfully.

"DAMN Baby, I can't take much of that!"

"Oh yes you can,there are ways" Hungrily, she suddenly buried his cock completely in her mouth, and closing on it firmly. Holding completely still, her mouth wet, hot, mouth tightly holding onto him. Feeling the throbbing inside her mouth, cradled on her tongue. Slowly, gentle sucking sensations began to flow over his hard shaft. Caressing it with her tongue, she felt it swell, and immediately gripped the base with her lips, firmly, tightly.

"Ohhh fuck, it's hot, tight, babyyyyyy, can't!" "How?" 

Dan's moans encouraging her, she gently began to suck, to slowly stroke it inside her mouth, opening up her throat, taking it back. Her tongue and sucking massaging the length of the beautiful cock pushing against her throat.

His swollen head now hitting the back of her throat, Dan thrust his hips up into her mouth. Damn she could suck cock! Slowly stroking down, back up and pulling almost out, the tip of her tongue teasing under the ridge of his swollen head, still locked inside her mouth. Sliding the throbbing shaft back in with short strokes around his head, in, almost out, in again. Dan couldn't take much more. Sucking Robbie, watching them, and now what she was doing to him was unbelievable. She actually enjoyed it! You can tell when someone does, and she does! Her hands were under his ass now, coaxing him into her. Her mouth sliding down, up, slowly back down. With his cock an inch away from being buried inside her, she took him completely down into her throat, and swallowed. Squeezing his head and shaft. She felt his legs tense; his balls swell, and knew it wouldn't be long. But she was enjoying this so much. Damn! Sliding to the tip, back in, further back, tight, hot, wet strokes buried between her soft red lips. Looking up at him, she held his cock between her lips, his head just barely inside. But her tongue was teasing, sliding, going around the ridge, inside his cum hole, and sucking his juices, they are so sweet.

"Give me sugar Dan, please." 

Mmmmm, it felt wonderful. Rob silently behind and beside her, touching her, kissing her hot skin, moving from the arch of her feet to the insides of her thighs, driving her crazy with want as she was doing to Dan. The hard hot skin against her lips, tracing the tip of her tongue around his head, she looked up at him and smiled as it rested on her lips. Gentle kisses around his head; tiny little flickers of the tip of her tongue. Her hands caressing his balls, gently squeezing, her legs spread to where she was riding his knee and thigh between her thighs, rubbing against her wet mound, aching for more. 

"I'm going to give you more than sugar!" Dan didn't know how much more of this wonderful agony he could take.

At this, she gently squeezed his balls, milking them, she buried him in her mouth, firmly gripped him, wrapped her tongue around him, stroking and sucking, opening her throat, taking him in. Swallowing, sucking...stroking the length of it, as she had him buried in her throat.

"Damn Baby, no, no, not yet. Noooooot yet."

Deep sensual moans, but no, not yet. She had seen the look on Rob's face and smiled at him, and looked where he wanted to go. As she slid Dan into her mouth once more, she moved to the side just a little. Slowly taking him all the way back, wet, slow, gently sucking him back further. Rob leaned around her, and began to lick Dans' balls, so full, aching. Kisses against them and Rhoni's lips as they both brought pleasure to their friend. He slid his mouth further back, down, his tongue flicking over Dan's puckered rim, around and around. She winked as she buried Dan's beautiful throbbing cock into her throat and began to swallow, sucking with each swallow, her tongue stroking along its length, her hands gripped in his, as Robs tongue flicking over his rim.

"DAMN...NO!" "NOT YET, not yet, nottttt, FUUUUUCK!"

Swallowing him deep into her throat one final time, squeezing his head and shaft just as Rob sucked the skin between his balls, and slid his fingers inside Dan's ass.

"OHMYGAWDDDDDDD. I'M, I'M,Fuck...CUMMINNNNNNNNNNNNN"

She felt his cock swell to the point she thought she would choke, his hot cum hitting the back of her throat, shooting, throbbing. She felt it hit her throat 3 solid shots. Looking up into Dan's glazed eyes, she pulled it out, jacking it with every pulsating jerk and let the last of the white hot streams land over her breasts, felt the warmth against her neck, her shoulders. It felt so good, so soft, so sticky, so hot. She loved it on her skin. 

She was so aroused, it took her breath away. She couldn't think, all she could do was feel. And right now, she felt the warmth of Dan's cum on her skin, his body under hers, and Rob behind her. Her head lying on Dan's thighs, she felt Rob's hands turn her, his hands everywhere. His mouth covered hers in a hot, intense kiss. Tasting his friend/lovers cum from her mouth. Dan's hands were in her hair, her hands back up over his arms, as Rob continued the exploration of her skin. His mouth licking and cleaning her of Dan's cum, as he worked his way down, Nibbling her nipples, sucking them in, sucking, nibbling. His hands over her hips, her thighs, sliding up into her hair, covering Dan's. As his mouth slid down over her stomach, she was aching so badly, her hips were arching on their own. Hearing his laughter, she looked down to see his smile, as he buried his face between her thighs. He was teasing her as she had teased Dan. Licking the inside of one, then the other. Little kisses trailing up, over her lips, gently, lightly teasing, and his tongue lightly over her slit.

"OHHHHHHHHGAWDDDDDD PLEEEEEEASE ROB!" "I CAN'T TAKE MORE."

Laughing, "Yes you can, remember? There are ways." 

Hearing Dan's laughter, and feeling the thickness of his cock begin again against her skin on her back, she thought she would go crazy if she didn't get some release soon. Pulling her up into the crook of his arm, Dan began kissing her neck, her shoulders, his hands massaging her breasts, her ribs, as Rob's mouth came closer to her center. Her hands in his hair, she pulled him to her, as his mouth covered her lips, sucking greedily, his tongue sliding between, his lips finding her clit, and pulling,sucking.

"ohhhhhhhhhhgawd yes! Fuck yes! " 

Her moans encouraging him, her hips bucking against him, riding his mouth, holding him to her. Her body was on fire as his tongue teased, lapped and kissed her swollen clit and lips. He pulled at it gently between his lips, sucking over it again. Pulling with his lips, nibbling gently, pulling, sucking her hard little clit-cock into his mouth. She felt like she was going to pee, but no..not...so intense, so hot, she couldn't think, she couldn't even speak, she couldn't hold on any more.

"Cummmmmin. Oh gawd! Robbbieee,Dannnn.now, NOW!! Cummmmin!"

Rob drank in her juices as she filled him, her hips bucking against him so hard, he had to hold her to him. Her body was covered with sweat, and the sweet cinnamon juices from her pussy were covering his face.

She couldn't move on her own, it was so intense. All she could do was feel. Feel Rob supporting her, feel Dan moving quickly behind her. Feeling the hard shaft pressing against her, now it was gone. "Nooo." Reaching for it.

"Don't worry Baby. It's right here." 

With her on her back, he curled on his side to face her, and quickly pulled her left leg over his, Dan slid his cock between her wet thighs, along her wet slit, he could feel the heat. He could feel the sensitive hard button and feel it throbbing. She jerked, it was still so sensitive. He smiled as he smelled her sweet scent, and looked down at Rob. He knew Rob wouldn't fuck her, not without Danielle's approval first, but he knew his buddy was still hungry! As he slid his cock into her pussy, she moaned. 
