 After Rocco licked his cum off my fingers he then held his hand out to shake. "I'm Rocco."

"Hi," I replied meekly, "I'm Jack."

"Well Jack welcome to Onion Creek."

"Thanks," I replied nervously.

Rocco moved to sit up and I stood up and stepped back a step. He looked down and said, "There you go again, you're speaking my language."

I looked down at the bulge in my sweat pants and then looked back at Rocco, not sure what to do next. Remaining motionless, I watched as he reached out, grabbed the waistband of my pants and pulled them down to my ankles.

Leaning his head forward, he stuck out his tongue and let the tip burrow into my tiny opening as he slurped up a droplet of precum. Then, without a word, he stood up, grabbed me under my arms and lifted me up into the air.

I had to bend my head to avoid it clunking onto the top of the cell. Holding me up in the air, he took his tongue and circled it around the head of my cock. A jolt shot through me as I reeled in the pleasure. Looking down, I watched, first the head of my cock and the shaft disappear centimeter by centimeter into him mouth.

When he had taken nearly the entire length of me, his mouth clamped down on me with a suction that actually pulled my hips forward as I dangled in the air. By just varying the amount of suction he used on me, he drew me into his mouth and then let me slide back out.

All I could do was hang in the air trembling in the ecstasy of it all. While sucking me in, he moved his tongue around me in one direction and when I slipped back out of his mouth the tongue moved in the other direction. I was feeling things I'd never felt before, things I never knew I could feel before.

Suddenly, he moved his mouth off my cock and sucked my balls into his mouth, twirling them with his tongue as he sucked. My toes began to tingle and I could hear myself moaning. "No woman could ever do this to me," I thought as I felt a pressure building inside me.

Wanting it to last longer, I tried to distract myself, staring at the light fixture in the room, counting the bars on the cell door, wondering what was for dinner. It worked for a little while, but when he moved his mouth back over my cock I knew it wouldn't be long. 

He gently let his teeth slide along my shaft and the combination of the sharp scratching and the intense pleasure I felt in my cock began to drive me crazy. I reached down and grabbed his head and firmly pushed him to me as I thrust myself forward. Forgetting this was a man who could probably kill me with a flick of his wrist, I began fucking his mouth with complete abandon.

In just moments my cock exploded and I spurted my cum into his mouth as I continued fucking him. By the time I had calmed my movements he had cum dripping from his chin and running down his chest. He pulled his mouth off my cock and lowered me down. He embraced me, smearing my cum on both our chests as he then kissed me deeply, letting some of my cum smear back into my mouth.

We kissed long and hard until we both relaxed and he lowered me to the ground. Collapsing on the bunk, we both sat side by side for a moment catching our breath. When we finally could breathe normally I said, "Rocco, that was incredible."

"Yeah, it was something," he replied.

"That's the first I ever did it with a man," I said.

"Really?"

"Well other than jacking someone off, but I'd never given anyone a blowjob before."

"I wondered about that, you were a bit tentative starting out, but you got better, much, much better."

"Oh come on," I said mockingly.

"Honestly, you were a real pro. I'd put my cock in your mouth any day."

"What you did to me was... well, it was like nothing I ever felt before. No woman ever did anything like that for me before."

"What are you in for Jack?" he asked me.

"You ready for this... rape. Not just any rape, cyber rape."

"What's cyber rape?"

"Well, let me explain," I began, explaining my entire ordeal to him. After about 45 minutes we both ended up laughing as the complete irony of it all.

"I'm sorry to laugh Jack, but that is simply so fucked up I can't help it."

"Well," I said, still chuckling some, "What are you in for."

"Me, oh, I murdered this guy who had been having cyber sex with my wife," he said, with a dead serious expression on his face.