 I woke up the next morning a bit hung over. "Did that really happen?" I asked myself. I wandered into the bathroom, took a piss, and looked at myself in the mirror. I couldn't believe I just stood there and let that happen. I guess the hardest thing for me to understand was that I liked it...I mean I REALLY liked it! Does it make me gay? I poured myself some coffee and threw a couple of waffles in the toaster. I'll be totally humiliated if the people at work find out about this!

After breakfast and watching some news I hopped into the shower. I do my best thinking in the shower. I was toweling off when I looked at myself in the mirror again. Just 22 I had played football and ran track in high school and I still had that athletic build even though I spend most of my 4 years in college drinking beer and partying. I had always looked at myself from the perspective of impressing girls, I never thought a guy would give me a second look. But as I looked in that mirror, I could see why a guy would be interested too. And that sealed the deal for me. I decided that I would go to work as usual on Monday and if everything stayed the same I would stay. But if people were whispering and gossiping I'd start sending out my resume Monday night.

Fortunately Monday went off without a snag. It was like every other Monday. In fact Tuesday and Wednesday passed as if nothing had happened. So I didn't think anything of it when Dave called me into his office on Thursday a little before 5, until he closed the door behind me. "Have a seat." he said. I sat down and he sat behind his desk. "How ya doin'? You OK with what happened Saturday night?" he asked.

"Yeah, yeah I am."

"Good. I was afraid I had moved too far too fast. So the reason I brought you in here was to tell you that I've been invited to an event on Friday night and I'd like it if you would join me. Can you make it?"

I was a little taken back but figured what the hell. "Sure, why not?" I said.

"Great, I'll pick you up at 6:30. Dress neat but casual. Maybe a nice button down shirt, maybe some khakis. Don't go crazy." he told me.

As I walked back to my office I said to myself, "Son of a bitch! Did he just ask me out and I said yes?"

Sure enough, at 6:25 he rolled up in the Mustang. We settled in for a nice ride that took 25 minutes, maybe a half hour. We pulled up to a stunning home, it was quite impressive. We went inside and Dave introduced me to a bunch of people. Everyone was super nice and there was a ton of food and wine. It didn't take me long to figure out this was some sort of engagement party for a lesbian couple. There was a lot of hand holding and kissing with guy couples and girl couples. I also noticed my ass getting grabbed quite a few times and a few guys flirted with me. Of course, I liked the attention and the alcohol made it that much more exciting.

"Time to go" Dave said after about an hour or so. We said goodbye to people as we headed out the door. "Whew!" he said as we pulled away. "You made quite a few heads turn in there you know." I didn't. I had no idea. "Ten more minutes and you would have been swept off your feet and carried away!"

"Let's just say a young, good looking guy shows up at an event like that and things can get out of control really quickly."

Dave had a really nice house. It was a ranch set back off the street, well manicured lawn and quite private. We pulled right into the garage. We walked in the door and Dave pushed me against the wall holding my wrists up on either side of my head. Dave was a little bit taller than me so this position made me feel that much smaller. Before I could protest he pressed his lips to mine. I felt his tongue slip past my lips when I realized he was dry humping me! He let go of my wrists and began to unfasten my belt. I put my arms on his shoulders and held him while he pushed my pants down off my hips. Once again he tore my shirt open sending the buttons flying all over.

He dropped to his knees and took my hardening cock right into his mouth. His mouth was incredible. He'd slowly slide down my cock taking all of my 7 inches then slide off leaving just the tip before going back down. His hands explored my body, rubbing my balls, tickling the back of my knees. My hands fell to his head, not holding him but resting on top so I could feel his head bobbing. I was totally absorbed in what he was doing when he suddenly stopped and stood up, cupping my face and gently kissing my lips.

"Where are my manners? Just step out of your pants and come on in. Make yourself at home. The TV is here, the kitchen is there, the bathroom is just around the corner, first door on the left. Want a beer?" He came out of the kitchen holding a bottle of my favorite brew. "Excuse me for a minute while I change out of these clothes."

I stood there in his living room wearing only a pair of socks and my softening cock sticking out with an open shirt with no buttons holding a beer. It was probably all the drinks I had at the party but I just didn't care. I took a sip of beer, found the remote and sat down on the couch wearing nothing but socks and a buttonless shirt. I was flipping through channels when Dave came back into the room wearing just a pair of boxers. I had never looked at another man in this way but Dave was actually pretty good looking. Early forties, tall, and in pretty good shape. I felt a bit flattered that he would be so interested in me.

He poured himself a drink and brought me over another beer. He sat down on the couch right next to me and asked, "Whatcha watchin'?".

"I'm just flipping around." I replied. It was so exhilarating having him sit so close as I sipped my beer pretty much naked.

"Let me see if I can find something a little more exciting." He took the remote and pressed a few buttons. Suddenly there was porn on the TV. A hot big-titted blonde was on her knees with a fat cock in her mouth and one in each hand. His left hand rubbed across my thigh and grabbed my cock, which he began stroking while his right hand pushed his waistband down so he could pull out his own cock and stroke it. I was mesmerized! His cock was impressive, it had to be around 9 inched with a mushroom head and it was straight as an arrow. I took a big sip of my beer and reached for it.

"Mmmnnnn" escaped his lips as I took hold of his shaft. The skin was soft like Rick's was but Dave certainly seemed bigger. I began stroking him, enjoying how hard he felt and how much heat was coming off his cock. He released my cock and put his hands behind his head. I saw a little glisten of pre-cum seeping out of the tip and ran my finger over it and smeared it around the head. I could hear his breathing getting deeper. I couldn't believe I had this thought but...I wanted to taste him.

I tried not to think about it and just leaned over his lap and popped the head into my mouth. It wasn't bad at all! I tried to slide more of him into my mouth but the angle was really awkward so I got on my knees in front of him and took off my shirt. He lifted his hips as I pulled off his shorts. I held his cock in my hand for a few seconds, just admiring it. Dave did a good job grooming as there was no hair on his balls and, I don't know, it just looked cleaner than I had expected. He looked so much bigger at this angle and I was a little taken back by how submissive I felt like this.

I looked up at him as I took the head into my mouth. We made eye contact and he had a little grin on his face. I quickly looked away and tried to slide my mouth down his cock. I slid down until he hit the back of my throat. I tried to push it in further but I started to gag. I pulled off and ran my tongue up and down the underside of his dick. I licked his balls when I got to the bottom of his shaft. I loved how they felt bouncing on my tongue. I went back down on his cock and got a pretty good rhythm going while i rubbed and squeezed his nuts. His moans just made me get into it even more. I couldn't even believe I was sucking a cock much less enjoying it so much. Dave pushed me off his cock, taking me out of the daze I was in.

He pushed himself up off the couch standing up and dangling his cock in my face. I went right back to sucking him as he placed his hands on my head. I realized he was fucking my face! His pace quickened and I noticed his breath getting rough and his moans getting louder. I realized he was going to cum!

I tried to pull off but he had a strong grip on my head. I knew what was coming and braced for it.

"Nnnuummmggg!!" he yelled as he shot his load into my mouth. Much of it just shot down my throat and I quickly swallowed as much as I could. Some of it lingered on my tongue and some escaped down my chin. I was surprised that the taste didn't repulse me. It was thick and salty but not gross and repulsive like I had imagined. I kept sucking as his orgasm ceased. He slipped his cock out of my mouth and fell back onto the couch.

"Whew! What a pleasant surprise! Baby, you're a natural!" he said.

I got up and grabbed my beer, swirling some around my mouth to get any lingering cum.

"Mnn! Come here baby!" he said as he reached around my hips and pulled me over to him. I stood in front of him as he slid forward on the couch. He said nothing as he grabbed my aching cock and slipped it into his mouth. He was sucking me hard, aggressively, obviously trying to get me to cum quick. I tried to push his head away but he swiped my hand away. His hand slipped under my balls, cradling them, rubbing them. He slid his hand a little further and pushed against my puckered asshole. This surprised me and felt good as he put light pressure against my hole. This pushed me over the edge and I grabbed the back of his head as I unloaded in his mouth. The whole time I was squeezing my ass shut trying to stop his invading finger which seemed to make me cum that much harder.

I collapsed onto the couch next to Dave, breathless. I finished my beer as I looked up at the TV screen. The blonde was now getting fucked from behind as she buried her face into a gorgeous brunette's pussy.

A few minutes later Dave got up, made himself another drink and brought me over a fresh beer.

"I've got to give Rick a call." Dave said.

"Oh yeah? Why is that?" I asked.

"He won the bet."

"What did you guys bet?"

"We bet on you baby. And he won."