 Dave went back into his bedroom with his phone. I was sitting on the the couch thinking about what Dave said. Why would he have to call Rick? I was confused.

Dave came out of the bedroom wearing a pair of black boxers and set his phone down on the table. "Rick will be here in 15, maybe 20 minutes." he said.

This wasn't making any sense. "Why? What was this bet you guys made?" I asked.

Dave smiled. "Well, after our little rendezvous in the parking lot we got talking. Rick said you'd be sucking cock in 2 weeks or less. I really didn't think you'd do it so soon. I gotta give it to him, he called it."

"So if he won the bet, what does he get? Why is he on his way over here?" I asked.

Dave's answer shocked me. "We bet that if you didn't suck a cock for 2 weeks or more, he'd have to blow me. And if you did suck a cock, you'd have to blow him."

"Fuck that!" I said. "I hate that guy, I'm not gonna suck his dick!"

"You have to. If you don't go through with it then the next time I need him to do something he won't do it. Besides, you looked like you enjoyed having my cock in your mouth, I think you'll enjoy Rick's cock too."

I started thinking about an escape plan. Dave drove there and I really didn't know where I was. I didn't know what to do. There was no way I was going to go through with it.

My thoughts were interrupted by the doorbell. Rick came walking in. "Ha! I knew the college puke would eat a dick!" He looked over at me as I stood at the end of the couch. "Holy shit! Lookin' good Sugar Lips!" I had completely forgotten that I was naked. I looked over at Dave. He just shrugged.

"I'm not sucking your cock, Rick. It ain't happening."

He looked back and forth from me to Dave. "What the fuck? We had a deal, Dave!"

Dave said," I can't force him to do that Rick. It's between you and him."

"Ahhh, this is bullshit. If you don't get over here and suck my cock in 30 seconds, I'm going to tell everyone at the office about how I came over here and found you nude, that you swallowed Dave's load, and even about you jerking me off in the parking lot the other night."

Shit! I didn't know what to do. The fact was I had my eye on a couple of girls at the office. And everyone knew Dave was gay so being found nude here would be tough to explain away, not to mention swallowing his load. I'd never get any pussy if word spread about all this. I was thinking as fast as I could and couldn't come up with any way out.

"Ten seconds."

I was stuck. I slowly walked over to him. A big grin came across his face as he saw me coming over. He leaned up against the back of the couch and put his hands on each side of him on the top of the couch as well. I stopped about 5 feet from him. He was still fully clothed. 

"I want the whole package. Unwrap your present sweetheart." I was disgusted. I walked up to him and started to undo his belt. It was awkward and I could feel his breath on me. I couldn't look at him. I got his belt undone and began working at the button on his jeans. "I can't wait to see your lips wrapped around my cock." he said. I pushed his pants down past his hips and they dropped to the floor. 

"Don't forget to unbutton my shirt!" One by one I undid the buttons until his shirt was open. I looked down his chest and saw his semihard cock dangling. "Let's go faggot, it ain't gonna suck itself!"

Reluctantly I dropped to my knees. I wrapped my hand around it and gave it a few strokes. He had to be 7 inches, not quite as think as Dave. I could just touch my thumb to my middle finger when I wrapped my hand around it. He wasn't clean shaven like Dave. The hair was everywhere. It was gross. And he clearly didn't shower before he came over either. 

He grabbed his cock out of my hand and started slapping me in the face with it. He slapped me right in the chin and rested the tip right on my lips. "Open up you little cockwhore!" he said. I opened my mouth and he pushed his shaft inside. He was salty and all the hair tickled my nose. I started slowly sucking him like I had done to Dave.

"Look at me when you are sucking on my cock, you fairy." Ugh. I looked up to see him smirking at me as I bobbed my head on his cock. Suddenly he grabbed the back of my head and shoved his cock into my throat. I couldn't breath, couldn't cough. I felt like I was going to vomit. I pushed off him and fell back, coughing and trying not to puke.

"Rick! C'mon man, take it easy on him. There is no reason for that shit." Dave said.

"Ahhh, alright, get back over here and get my cock back in your sweet little mouth Darling." I crawled back to him and started sucking him again. He was still rough, thrusting forward, slapping my face. 

I wanted it to be over as soon as possible. I really worked my tongue along the bottom of his cock and tried to keep a nice even pace. He would sometimes put his hands on my head and push his cock into my throat but not as rough as he had before. The longer I sucked him the more insults he threw at me. 

"Not a bad little cocksucker. Your mouth feels great on my cock." 

"I knew you were a cockwhore the minute I saw you." 

The insults began to slow as he got closer to cumming. "Fucking fag whore knows how to eat a good dick."

He grabbed my head and began to facefuck me. I just tried to hold on as best I could. Then he grabbed a fistful of my hair with one hand and the base of his cock with the other. "Don't you dare spit it out, bitch" he said just before he started shooting off in my mouth. 

With his fist to my lips his cum squirted right onto my tongue. It was thick, salty, and bitter. "Ahhhh...fuck yeah! Aaaarrg." He held onto my hair and jerked the rest of his load into my mouth.

"Ha haaaa!! Open up and let me see how much I came in your mouth." I really wanted to spit it out but I did as he said. 

"Damn!! Look at all that spooge in your slut mouth! Now swallow it!" I was about to lean over and spit it out onto the floor and I suspect he knew that. He reached down and lifted my chin up forcing my head back. I instinctively swallowed.

I stood up and began walking away. "Hey, get back over here, you cunt, and pull up my pants. Don't you know you're supposed to clean up after dinner?"

I had enough. With the taste of his cum still lingering in my mouth I put my foot down. "You know what Rick, go fuck yourself." I walked over towards him. "You're a real piece of shit..."

Dave came up behind me and pulled me back. "Alright, that's enough. Go home Rick." he said.

"I want the little bitch to pull up my pants!" Rick said. I lunged for him but Dave held me back by my arms.

"Rick you better pull up your pants and get the fuck out of here before I let him go!"

Rick scoffed and pulled up his pants. He headed for the door never taking his eyes off mine.

Needless to say, I was livid. "What kind of bullshit was that, Dave? That was really fucked up! Fuck you, man. Take me home now!" I yelled.

"Listen, I'm really sorry. I had no idea to was going to go down like that. I've never seen him behave like that. If I had any idea he was going to do that I never would have called him. My mistake, I'm really sorry. I feel terrible. Settle down and have a drink." He walked into the kitchen and poured me something on the rocks and handed it to me.

"I don't want a fucking drink, I want to go home!"

"Sshhhhh...let me make it up to you. Sit here and sip that whiskey. I'll be right back." He wandered into the bedroom.

The whiskey burned a little going down but it definitely settled me down. I got up and poured myself another. Then another. It certainly calmed my nerves more than beer did. It also got the taste of Rick's cum out of my mouth. Ugh.

"Whoa! Easy there cowboy. That stuff is stronger than you think!" Dave said as he came out of the bedroom. "C'mon, come relax in here."

I went into the bedroom. He had stripped the bed and placed straps, nylon it looked like, under the mattress. There were four, one for each wrist and leg.

"Nope, not gonna happen Dave.", I said. "Maybe earlier, but not after that bullshit with Rick."

"Ssshhhh." he said. "Let me make it up to you. Give me five minutes. If you're not liking it I'll stop and take you home."

I rolled my eyes. "Alright, I guess." I said.

Dave took my hand and led me into the room. I laid down on the bed and let Dave strap my arms and legs down to the bed and slipped a blindfold over my eyes. He turned off the light. I heard him shuffling around, probably taking off his boxers. 

I was startled when he climbed on top of me and I gasped when he began kissing my neck. He slowly lowered his body weight on me as he sucked and kissed my neck. I could feel his cock against mine as he was grinding against me. He slowly kissed his way down my body stopping at my nipples and making sure they got plenty of attention. Then he went down my stomach, tonguing my belly button before continuing down my body.

He went right past my cock and kissed down my left thigh. he licked down my leg and sucked each of my toes. Then he came back up, kissed my cockhead, and went down my right leg, kissing and licking and sucked each toe on my right foot. I'd never experienced this before. My cock was rock hard and I couldn't grab it to stroke it in order to get some relief. 

He slowly crawled up between my legs and softly kissed and licked my balls. He got them wet then blew on them. His breath was cool and sent tingles all over my body. 

He grabbed my cock and gave it a few strokes. I was moaning and biting my lip, his tongue slowly ran up, then down the underside of my shaft. I felt his body shift on the bed then felt a warmth around my cockhead. He closed his lips around the head of my dick and gently sucked. His tongue was flicking the bottom of the head.

"Suck my cock!" I heard myself say, breathlessly. His mouth slowly engulfed me, sliding all the way to the base where he lingered. I was humping up into his mouth. As his head began to bob up and down his hands found my aching balls. He rubbed my balls, sometimes giving them a squeeze as his mouth worked its magic on my cock. Occasionally his finger would push up against my asshole and it would make me jump, pushing my cock deeper into his throat. The feeling was intense. I'd never had anyone play with my asshole and I couldn't believe how insanely hot it was making me.

I was squirming on the bed, pulling against my restraints. I was going to cum hard and I knew it, and there was nothing I could do to stop it or prolong it. The room was filled with the sounds of Dave slurping on my cock and my moans of approval. Then I felt my body begin to tense up, a groan began deep in my throat. 

Dave put his finger against my virgin ass and gently pushed. I squeezed my sphincter, not ready to be violated, which actually intensified my orgasm further. My body took over and I began to pump my load into Dave's throat. He continued sucking and moaning as he swallowed, his hand gently squeezing my balls as I bucked and groaned beneath him.

I was breathing heavy as I came down. Dave was still gently sucking the last of my load, not missing a drop. My cock slipped out of his mouth and made a thud on my stomach. Dave crawled on top of me again, slowly kissing his way up my chest. He gently kissed my neck as I felt his still throbbing cock against mine.

The last thing I remember was Dave untying my wrists and ankles before I fell asleep. There were changes coming, and coming fast. The following weeks would bring new experiences, excitement, and revenge. But tonight I would sleep incredibly deeply.