 The following weeks brought changes. There was a shakeup at work. I had heard there was something coming but I figured it was just typical water cooler rumors. A few people were let go, some retired, and some of us got promotions. Yes, I got promoted, thank you. Unfortunately I filled a position vacated by a good friend of mine, Carson. We had graduated from the same college and he helped me adjust to the job when I first started, He actually transferred to another office in another state. So I now had my own office which came with additional responsibilities as well as a nice pay raise. Dave also got a new job, one of his responsibilities was to join the traveling team. We have a group of people that travel the country and deal with clients face to face. I was also asked to join this team, which I anxiously agreed to.

Rick stayed in the same position he had always had. I'm not sure if the powers that be just didn't like him or what. Of course, he was still an asshole. Every day now before quitting time he would come into my office with a stack of papers, the work he hadn't done all day. He said if I didn't bring the work back in the morning completed or I told anyone about it then he'd start telling everyone how much he enjoyed fucking my throat over at Dave's house and how I had jerked him off in the parking lot. So I did my 8 hours of work during the day and another 4 or 5 at night. It was a matter of time before I burned out. Fortunately the first trip for the travel team was coming up. I couldn't wait for the break. I hadn't been laid since that night at Dave's and I was going nuts!

All I had to do on these first trips was to observe and learn the processes. We flew first class, which was a first for me and stayed in a nice hotel, all on the company. The rooms were nice and big and mine was right next to Dave's. I wasn't the least bit surprised to see a door connecting the 2 rooms and even less surprised to hear Dave knocking on that door about an hour or so after we checked in.

Dave was wearing a robe and was clearly freshly showered. "Why don't you take a shower and get comfortable then come over for a drink so we can review what to expect tomorrow?" he asked.

So I did. I hopped in the shower and put on one of the nice robes they had there. I went over to Dave's room. He had the news on and a bottle with some glasses. He poured us a drink and we discussed what to expect the next day. I'd basically observe so it was all pretty easy for me. He asked me how I liked the new position. I just kind of shrugged. He looked surprised. "What's wrong?" he asked.

So I spilled my guts and told him how Rick had been blackmailing me and how I had barely slept in the past few weeks. He was shocked. "That son of a bitch!", he said. "Who the fuck does he think he is?". Dave was clearly angry. "Don't worry about Rick, I'll come up with something. We'll get this all worked out." I really didn't believe him.

Room service showed up with some dinner. "I took the liberty, hope you don't mind" he said. We ate and talked about work and the people who got promoted and who didn't. I could see Dave was sincerely bothered by what Rick was doing. We finished up for the night with a few drinks and I got up to go back to my room. I was exhausted. Dave walked my into my room and as I turned to say good night he pulled me to him. I don't know why it surprised me, but it did.

He kissed me, his tongue snaking past my lips and into my mouth. He pulled away and put one finger over my lips. "Shhhh". He pushed me back onto the bed and untied my robe. My cock was getting hard as he opened the robe, exposing me. He wasted no time and took my cock right into his mouth. There was no soft, gentle, drag it out head here. He went right to work.

His mouth felt amazing on me. His hands rubbed my balls as he bobbed up and down in my lap. He knew I loved that. He took me all the way down his throat and came all the way back off before going right back down again. It took just a few minutes of this before I came and Dave took it all in his throat. When he let my cock slip from his lips he kissed the head gently as it began to soften. He closed my robe and walked to the door. "We'll work the whole Rick thing out tomorrow. Get some sleep for now. Good night."

The next day was another exciting day full of meetings that I had trouble following. Dave seemed to be preoccupied all day and was also on the phone a lot. I just tried to make it through the day. The day seemed to take forever. I was thrilled when we concluded and we headed out for dinner. After dinner Dave told me to get showered and come back over in my robe in 45 minutes or so. He had some things to discuss with me.

I took a nice hot shower, dried off, and just hung out in the room naked for a while. It was quite warm in there and it felt good to lie naked on the bed and watch a little TV. After a while I slipped into the robe and headed over to Dave's room.

He was also wearing his robe and was on the phone again. "Alright, buddy, we'll talk later." he said into the phone. Clearly not a business call.

He handed me a glass of whiskey. This was becoming a ritual. We tossed back a few while we discussed the meetings and what had transpired, what I felt I was comfortable with and where I felt I needed additional improvement. We talked shop through 4 glasses of whiskey when I realized I was having trouble keeping my eyes open. I had a pretty sweet buzz going.

"Now, about our little issue with Rick." Dave said, maybe sensing my intoxication. "I think I may have come up with a solution."

"Really?" I said.

"Yes, but before we get into that..." Dave trailed off, wandered over to my chair, and stood me up. He untied my robe and pushed it off my shoulders. I stood naked before him, my cock beginning to harden. "Nice", he said as he dropped to his knees in front of me taking me into his mouth letting me harden on his tongue. I tossed my head back as he worked his mouth over my shaft. But after only a few minutes I began to wobble as the alcohol threw off my balance.

Dave released my cock from his mouth and stood up to steady me. "Easy there! Too much whiskey, huh? Come over here and lean against the table." Dave guided me over to the table from behind. He pushed me down so my face and chest were on the table as his feet spread mine apart. It felt good to relax on the table. Dave's hands rubbed my back from my shoulders slowly working his way to my ass. He reached under me and rubbed my balls, making me moan. I felt him kiss my lower back, running his tongue into the crack of my ass. It tickled yet felt incredible. He slowly ran his tongue further.

I kind of got a little concerned as his mouth continued kissing and sucking my ass crack. I thought "What kind of sick son of a bitch sticks his tongue up someone's OOHHH!!" I never finished my thought. Dave's tongue was probing my virgin ass and I was breathless. It was the most intense feeling I had ever experienced. As he tongue fucked me he would groan, which would send shivers throughout my body. I reached back to grab his head. I wanted to get him deeper. I wanted to pull his whole face into my ass. 

Dave grabbed my wrist and bend my arm up behind my back, pinning me even harder against the table. He must have thought I was going to push him away. But this new position made it even more pleasurable. I realized I was moaning, even squeaking at times! When I didn't think it could get any more amazing Dave reached between my legs and started to stroke my cock! I was gasping, squealing in pleasure.

When he stopped and stood up I found myself lunging back against him. "Did you like that Baby?" he asked.

"Yes!" I answered breathlessly. He released my arm and gave my ass a spank and put his other hand on the small of my back holding me down lightly.

"I liked it too. I've had your ass on my mind all day." He was rubbing the tip of his cock against my asshole. He bent over and whispered, "Can I have it?"

"Yes." I heard myself say. I couldn't believe I just said it...but I wanted it. Dave reached for something and I felt something cold run between my cheeks, which I assumed was lube.

I felt his cock push against my ass, slowly entering it. He pushed into me slowly but firmly. It hurt. I felt like it was going to rip me in half but I found myself pushing back onto him. He would slowly pull out then push back in going deeper than the time before. "Oh, Baby, your ass is so tight" Dave said. I felt like a whore, a slut bent over a table getting fucked in the ass for the first time...and I loved it. Dave bottomed out and just stayed there for a minute letting me adjust. Then he slowly pulled out before slamming back into me. It knocked the wind out of me. The he did it again, then again faster each time. In a few minutes he was pounding away at my ass, grunting, slapping my ass. He reached up and grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled my head back.

"Fuck me." I heard someone say. "Fuck my ass harder!" It was me! I was muttering these things. I was pushing back onto Dave's cock as he impaled me, meeting his thrusts, I could feel his balls slap against mine. He was grunting, his pace was getting faster, harder. He thrust one more time into me, grabbing my ass cheeks. He unloaded into my ass, pumping me full of his cum. He would thrust into me as he came getting all the way inside me.

He fell on top of me, sweating and gasping for air, his cock still inside me. "Baby, that was amazing. I don't think I've ever cum that hard! Your ass was so tight!" I felt a bit of pride that I had pleasured someone to such a great extent. Strange, right? But that's how I felt. Dave slowly pulled out of my ass. I stood up and Dave pushed me into the chair that was behind us. He dropped to his knees and took my rock hard cock into his mouth. I didn't last long though. As I felt his cum begin to run out of me I exploded in his throat, holding his head down while I thrust into his mouth.

I passed out in the chair and woke up around 3 am. Dave was face down on the bed. He must have collapsed on the bed as well. I went to the bathroom and took a quick shower. My ass hurt. I climbed into bed and fell back asleep.

We returned home the next morning after one more quick meeting. On the flight home Dave told me his plan to get back at Rick. It was good. Really good. I couldn't wait to get started.