 I picked up Tom hauling a load to Swansea. I work for a truck haulage company and like the buzz of driving on the highway. It has its perks too - like giving hitchhikers a free ride.

I never reckoned on Tom though. I have enjoyed a couple of girls of late who were more than willing to give me something in return for a free trip, and we had some really great sessions in my little sleep and brush up facility , in built for long distance drivers.

Mt experience is how easy it is to get sex these days from girls who expect nothing less for a free ride. In fact they almost offer themselves when you pull up and ask them where they are going .Especially if I pretend I am not going to agree, then like Janice, my last girl fuck, she offered it to me on a plate, saying it would be worth my while and she would make it really nice for me.

How could I resist.

But I know I am bi-sexual and have often fancied a firm assed lad in my time. Tom seemed to fit the category, standing on the side of the road thumbing me. He was one of those young guys, I figured about twenty or thereabouts, with a great presence and I knew when he smiled at me, I just had to pick him up. 

"Where do you want to go?" I asked returning his smile.

"Swansea would be great thanks"

"You are on, get your ass in beside me and we'll be off" grasping my whatsits just to let him know I was horny. And I really was. 

"What's your name buddy?" I asked

"Tom. Yours?"

"Mine is horny Joe" I returned and watched for his reaction.

Cool, he showed no real surprise and I guessed I was on a good as maybe with this guy.

"I guess you will want some sort of payment for this ride Huh Joe?"

"What made you think that" I laughed frigging myself.

"Well I don't have any money so if you want I could set you right with a hand job, Joe?"

He knew what it was all about sure enough and I was thinking I wouldn't mind a bit of fun with this guy. I nodded to the affirmative and his hand was right there, squeezing the bulge through my jeans and the feeling was much better than doing it myself.

"I think I had better pull in at the next services, come and join me in my cabin huh Tom?" I suggested opening my legs so he could get a better feel.

"You certainly don't hold back do you Tom?"

"Are you complaining?" he replied, "it is the least I can do for your kind off to lift me to Swansea."

"Look, Tom. My time at the wheel is almost up, I usually take a rest at Granada services, how about a bite to eat and back to my place" I laughed.

"You mean your little room in the back of your cabin, yeah that's fine for a free meal and a free trip, how could I refuse Joe!"

This was going to be heaven. I just felt it was. Looking at his lovely tight ass snuggled in tight skin-fit jeans; I just had to fuck that. It had been some time since I had ass. Pussy was great but the alternative was sometimes just as arousing. Now his hand was off my cock I cooled down so as not to dhow too much in the restaurant and Joe laughed at that.

"You won't laugh when you feel it up you" I said. But he didn't flicker and eyelid. No doubt he'd already figured that from my size when jerking me off through my jeans.

Well we enjoyed a good meal and I got to know quite a lot about Tom. I was about right, he was twenty and he was going to Swansea to start a university course there. We talked girls and sex and he told me candidly he'd just dumped his girl because she was frigid, and anyway he felt he was more geared the other way.

"As in looking to other guys? I asked.

"That's right, how did you guess Joe?"

I liked his sense of humour and we both seemed to hit is off. He seems as much chemically attracted to me as I was to him and he said he preferred older guys.

I said thank you very y much and he looked quite sorry but he knew I was just joking when I said I was only forty two.

Anyway the meal over he said he needed to wash up a bit and disappeared into the gents, I did the honours and waited for him outside, looking forward to being with this fascinating guy. I could not wait to get some of his cock as well as giving mine. I was thinking just how nice it will be to suck nice supple young cock, that is just what I heeded and all the trimmings. He had an ass to die for and no mistake, I was going to have it hook, line and cock - my cock sinking onto that funky tight hole..

Soon he appeared looking ravishing, his jeans buckled up like almost they were splitting his ass apart, and being a blonde his fresh complexion and deep blue eyes made him all the more irresistible.

He was up for a good servicing, his body language said that and I was getting hornier by the minute as we made way for the truck. Stretching to jump into the cabin, I touched him up and he moaned so I rubbed it around and around as he paused and let me enjoy.

He was soon aroused and firm and the first thing I wanted to do when we were in the cabin, was to sniff him between, with his tight jeans still on. He stretched open his gorgeous thighs and grasped the back of my neck as I pushed y face into his crotch and it was sheer heaven to sniff him up and savour the scent of ripe cock. Then between his ass cheeks, levering them apart so I could relish him the also, licking and teasing through his jeans as a prelude of what was to come when he would have my stiff probing there instead of my fingers and tongue.

He seemed to want me to carry on teasing and squeezing there and I continued revving him up for more of the same but minus his jeans.

"Lift your butt some Tom so I can get to you better?"

No problem and he was soon bare and so ready for me to enjoy. How good was this!?" Just the smell and warmth of his body filling the air as I went down to him, intent on discovering each little cranny of young supple firm ass, teasing his balls and the length of his bendy cock which tasted to good, licking his p-hole and watching it grow and grow as he urged me to suck deeper.

But I wanted his hole; I was in dire need of that. I got him to bend on his knees nice and tight for me, so that his ass was high and perfect for my spoiling. It was simply lovely. There is something wonderful about having something so absolutely enthralling, knowing that your partner will enjoy just as much as you. I was about to give Tom my very best and all my passion could muster for young supple ass, cock and balls. I was going to suck and nudge and simply let myself go. 

His body language said he wanted that and as I sucked and tasted him I heard the way he moaned, saying not to stop what was doing so I just went into my own heaven and absolutely pigged myself on him through and through until my face was wet with our sweat and the remnants of the way he spurted his cum into my face as I wanked him from the back facing me, I massaged his cum into his ass hole to make it more supple and ready for the hard prime cock it was about to get inside,

He yelled for me to fuck him now! But I teased him and rolled my cock against his tight firm ass cheeks, stretching it back so I could enjoy the ecstasy of that first touch of p-hole to ass hole and it was so lovely. I licked and sucked it some more until it glistened and seemed to yearn for my cock, Tom teasing his ass in a swaying movement as I squeezed his ass cheeks around my stiff erection raring now to go,

That was it. The feeling and enjoyment of ass was so wonderful but now I wanted to get deep up inside and feel its warm tight fuck.

He yelled as I first entered. I felt it sort of squeeze around my cock head like it did not want me to go in. But I persisted and soon it submitted until I got a good half-length up inside. The sheer felling of cock in willing ass was simply out of this world, how can one explain the true feeling of that?

His fuck was awesome and sublime. I took him hard, then had him suck me, and then I took him again laying on his side, one leg bent and opened wide so I could fuck him from another angle and enjoy him there differently, which was equally as amazing as it was when I took him doggy.

It was nice. It was gratifying and I could have fucked him through and through until kingdom cum.

But time to move on and head for Swansea.

Having young Tom was sweet and I shall forever remember. Now my mind was set on guys and no mistake. But they needed to be guys like Tom...