 March 12, 2002, the day my entire life changed completely. I was 22, about to graduate college, and working as a server in a pretty well known restaurant. I thought life was great, made good money, good grades. I didn't have any complaints about life. My girlfriend, Lori, was madly in love with me. I'm sure if she had her way we would be married with two kids right now. Hell, at the time that's what I wanted as well. Little did I know that was all going to change.

I had the night off work and decided to have some alone time after class. I told Lori I was going to go to the gym and grab some food on the way home, and spend the evening at home by myself. She said she didn't mind, she was going out with her friends and that we could use the time apart anyway. At this point we had been living together for almost two years. We had figured out that alone time was essential in making our relationship last. Not to much, or we feared we would grow apart. So Lori was going to spend the night with a friend. Great, I thought, a chance to do nothing but worry about myself and do what I want. Well, that was all I was going to do.

I was hungry earlier than normal so I grabbed a bite right after class. After eating I went to the gym. I did the things I normally do, stretching first, then the treadmill. Following up with some lifting and then abs work. Then some more lifting. I'm in pretty good shape. I'm 6'3", about 175lbs, rather slim. I've been trying to bulk up but it seems like I can't build much muscle. Don't get me wrong, I'm not skinny as a twig, I just don't have as much muscle as I would like. The gym was quite slow so I decided to take a swim after I finished working out. I'm a regular there and I usually recognize everyone who's there, employees and customers. There's only one other guy swimming in the pool with me, I've never seen him before. I can't help but notice his physique. Great six-pack, perfectly shaped arms, chiseled chest. Even his back has just the right amount of muscles. I realize I've been staring at him for a while when he asks me if I like what I see.

"Oh, um, sorry. It's just that I've been coming here for years trying to get my body to look like yours with no prevail. You must be quite disciplined to look like that."

"It's alright. Look all you want. I don't mind one bit. I'm Jayce."

"Um, nice to meet you."

What is this guy doing? I don't have any problem with gay people; a few of my friends are gay. But, come on, really? Does this guy think I'm gay? Well, I was staring at his body for quite a while. Oh well, I'm sure I'll never see him again. After one more lap in the pool, I go to my locker to grab some things for a quick shower. One thing I like about this gym is that the showers all have individual stalls with doors. Just as I was closing the locker door, Jayce walked in. Oh great, I thought, here he is again. I try to walk to the shower without any eye contact, trying to avoid him. 

"So we meet again, huh?" He says.

"Yeah, how was your swim?"

"Good, well, it was good. Then it just got boring after you left."

"Oh, um, ok. Your kind of straight forward, aren't you. Listen, I'm sorry, but I'm not gay. I have a girlfriend."

"Don't worry about it, I was just messing with you. What's your name man? I did after all introduce myself earlier. The least you could do is introduce yourself."

"Oh, sorry. I'm Matt."

"Well, it's good to meet you. If you'll excuse me, I'm going to go take a shower now."

I have to admit, I've thought about guys sexually before. Wondered what it would be like. Not a whole lot, not enough to do anything about it. But Jayce has me intrigued. I start to get a little hard thinking about it. That's never happened before. I hurry to a shower stall so that he doesn't see what's going on under my towel. I choose the last stall on the left, hoping he doesn't see which one I go to. Although, I have to say that I was curious.

After I get done rinsing the soap off my body, I stand under water for few minutes. I like the feeling of the water rushing over my naked body. All of a sudden I hear someone knocking on my stall door. In the stalls there is a small changing room in front of the shower with a curtain separating the two. So I grab my towel and open the door. I had completely forgotten about Jayce. As I open the door he pokes his head in.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you would be done a long time ago. I thought you might be someone else. I guess he left already."

"Um, sometimes I like to take long showers."

"Well, I guess I'll be on my way then. Although, I don't really have to be anywhere any time soon. Wish I had something to do."

"You know, I was thinking. I've wondered about things before, but I've never experienced being with a guy. Maybe we could, uh, I don't know. Never mind"

With that being said, he was in my shower and totally naked before I could even turn around. He had the best looking cock I've ever seen. I was instantly hard. 

"Wow, I thought you were straight?"

"I am, well, I thought I was."

Then he kissed me. I couldn't help but kiss him back. He moved his lips down to my neck, then down to my nipples. He played with them with his tongue for a bit. I had never enjoyed it more than I was now. Slowly, he kissed and licked his way down my stomach to my ball sack. Then slowly up my shaft before he took my head into his mouth, flicking his tongue across the slit. Then he took my whole dick. I couldn't believe it, a guy was deepthroating my dick. I'm not the biggest guy in the world, but I'm not small. About eight and a half inches, cut. I'm really getting into it now, thrusting my pelvis and face fucking him hard. His hands are all over me. One hand rubbing my stomach and chest, the other playing with my ass. He starts fingering my hole, it feels great. 

"I'm going to cum soon if you don't stop." I say.

He comes back up and starts kissing me again. I start playing with his dick, which is rock hard and at least an inch and a half bigger than mine. I get down on my knees and look up at him. This is the first dick I've ever touched, let alone put in my mouth. I start sucking just the head and I taste his precum. I can't believe it, I'm loving this. I try to take the whole thing and I gag. "Take it slow", so I wrap my hand around it and stroke while a take what I can into my mouth. "You're a natural." I start playing with his balls in my hand, moving my finger around his tight asshole. Since the water is still running, it's pretty slick. My finger slides into him. "Stick it in." so I start with one finger and work my way to two, then to three. I hear him groaning with pleasure. I'm not sure why, but I want him to fuck me. I slowly pull my mouth off his dick and stand up.

"I want you to fuck me," I tell him. "But slowly, not to hard."

He turns me around and bends me over, I put my arms on the shower bench and lean on them. He starts to finger my asshole. I can't believe how good this feels. Slowly, he puts his cock in my hole. At first it hurts, bad. But after he's in and he thrusts in a few times, the amount of pleasure I feel I can't even explain. Oh my god, this feels good. He starts going faster and faster. At this point I'm not even leaning on my arms anymore, I've fallen onto my chest and begun stroking myself along with his thrusts. He pulls out and tells me he's going to cum and he wants to shoot it on my face. His juice covered my face and I got a small taste, not bad I thought. I quickly shot my load all over the shower wall, I don't think I've ever cum nor had an orgasm as great as that. We started kissing some more as the water washed our mess down the drain. We exchanged numbers and he told me to call him if wanted to.

Now, I'm not a spontaneous person at all. But I called him three times the next month. All the while my relationship with Lori was falling apart. We fought all the time, I found myself starting arguments over nothing. We weren't even sleeping together anymore. One day when I came home, she asked me what was going on. Why I had changed and what I wanted. Jayce and I had been seeing each other for more than just sex. We had started dating, I think. I was finally at the point where I knew who I was and what I wanted. 

"Do you really want to know?" I asked.

"Of course."

"I don't think we should be together anymore. I've met someone else."

"What!? What's her name?"

"Well, um, his name is Jayce." I've never seen her so upset. I told her what had happened and what I had become. After several months I had moved in with Jayce. After a year or so Lori, Jayce and I had even become good friends.