 A quick summary about me: I consider myself bi. I played with friends in high school and some older neighbors while living at home. But after graduating college, the bi was put a way for a while. After getting married and having a few kids, and wife went cold, they came back out. I ventured into a few Craigslist adds and little to no success, a few ok but most were no shows or well just not what they said they were. And now to the some recent events in my life that have, well changed me!! Don't get me wrong I love my wife and family, but need and crave other things in my sex life!! I am not a writer, but wanted to share my adventures!! This is not chain story but more like a diary of a new found friend!! I am 42 and Charles is 54.

So it all started at the gym.

So I belong to one of those 24 hour gyms that only has staff during the day. I am usually there at 4:00am most days. Now I am not an Adonis or body builder. I am bigger athletic guy with a belly that I just can't shake. Not a fatty but always trying to drop a few. So one day I notice this slightly older black man coming in. Now, there are a few people here at this hour but not too many. I usually don't talk to anybody, just wanna get my shit done and get to work. One morning about 6 months ago, I am in the locker room getting dressed after the shower and he walks in, not expecting anyone I wasn't trying to hide anything. Yes my massive 5 ½" dick when hard...kinda tiny when soft, but shaven and well have been told I am kinda thick. I get a hi, startled I respond with a hi and get my boxers on quickly as I reciprocate it. He comes out of the bathroom and say "hi my name is Charles" and extends his hand. I respond with hey "I am Jay" and shake it. Charles says, don't worry I washed. Chuckling I say thanks and head out to work.

We start chatting more and more as when we are there, and find that we have some similar interests, good beer, Bourbon and cigars along with sports. After a month or so we are at the gym about the same time, but the key lock isn't working and the gym owners are not answering their phone. Charles pulls up alongside my truck and asks what the problem is, I tell him. We both agree that this is a problem, one we cant work out and two I cant get a shower in. He suggests we go for a run and his place is down the road and offers coffee and a shower. A little taken back by this, and already at the point of wanting to do something and don't want to go home. I agree.

After a quick 3 mile run I grab my bag and follow him to his townhouse. He opens the door and shows me the shower. Charles tells me that he is making coffee and offers me a bagel. They should be ready when you are done. So I shower and head out to the kitchen. Charles shows me were everything is and heads to the shower. He comes out in a towel, this is the first time I get a good look at this man. Stocky build, not ripped, but fuck my mind races!! And of course I can see this purple cock head hanging out, he apologizes and tucks it. We have coffee and chat small talk. His wife's works for the government and is on assignment overseas (for about a year and fro the next 2) and I tell him my married life. After we finish he excuses himself to get ready for work and I head out. As I am leaving he says we need to get some beers! Well I agree but remind him my wife works late almost every night and it is hard for me. But I agree and tell him we will try to make it work.

After another few weeks of small talk and morning coffee, he finally says "Are we ever going out for a beer?" I respond with the wife is taking the kids to her mom's for the weekend and I am free. Charles suggests a small local microbrewery to meet Friday. I will see you at 6 I tell him.

Walking in I see him sitting at a table, I got you an IPA, is that OK? Hell yeah, god I haven't been out in month, I tell him. We chat and have a beer order another and then he offers we head out to the patio and enjoy a cigar. "You don't have to ask me twice" and we head out. We are enjoying our cigars and chatting away, then he drops a bombshell!! You should hide your thongs better!! "WHAT CHARLES?" is my response? I saw them in your gym bag!! At first I figured they were your wife's but 5 pairs? Oh shit I am thinking, red faced I respond with the usual sacred shitless and say I have to run. Charles stops me and says, let's talk. You don't have to leave.

Charles explains that he is bi, 54 years old and doesn't consider man sex cheating. Being now intrigued, I agree. So we chat and he tells me that he hasn't been with a man in a few months and thinks we will get along great. He expresses his need for discreetness and I agree with him. So we finish our beers and chat some more. After another beer and finishing our cigars he suggests we go to his place for a night cap. Feeling like a school girl, I almost jump out of my chair.

I follow him to his townhouse, stomach filled with butterflies, thinking I am finally going to have that discreet friend and wondering what my first black dick will be like!! We enter chatting like old friends! He pours two bourbons and tells me that this is going to happen tonight, if I don't want it to happen again that is fine, we tried. But if it does I have a few rules:

1. You will always wear panties when you are over, you about the size of my wife so no need to buy any.

2. No condoms!!

3. I am top, not one of those crazy ones but I am in control.

4. I may invite friends over later on if this works out. They are all black and tops also.

Not sure if I was glowing or not but I agreed as we sat on the couch sipping our drinks. He finally says lets go to the bedroom. He opens a drawer and says pick a pair, I prefer thongs. Charles say's change as he goes in the bathroom and gets undressed. I jump out of my clothes and pick out a cute pair of red lace thongs and put them on. I am amazed at how well they fit. 

As he walks out and sits in a chair, I see that cock for the first time. It is hard, 8" and thick. My cock barely covered as it stretches the tiny thong. Charles looks and me and says how sexy I look, but get the crotch less red and black pair, I think you will look better in these. Getting them and changing, I agree at his tastes. That way your cock can be free and I can see that asshole!! Walking over and trying to be fem, he tells me no need to be like that, I like men in panties. I can't help but stare at his cock!! 

Looking into his eyes I lower myself between his legs and lick up and down his shaft, tracing every vein in his cock. Sucking his huge balls and then back to his cock head. Taking his cock in my mouth, gagging due to the size, but fighting it. Wanting to so please my new friend. He talks me through it with encouragement, telling me what a great cock sucker I am. Taking my time licking and sucking it, spending time on his balls and cock. "Damn keep it up he groans", followed by a grunt and a flood of cum in my mouth. I take what I can but holy shit, what a load! I look up with cum all over my chin smiling. He picks me up and kisses me, apologizing at his quick release. Smiling, I apologize for not taking it all. Charles says no problem, we will both get better!!

He then walks me over to the bed and tells me to get on all fours doggy style. Climbing up on the bed and doing what I am told!! He then opens the drawer in the night stand and gets out a bag and opens it. Holy shit I say and it is full of toys and lube. The toys are all of different sizes. He explains that we are going to enjoy this!! I am going to slowly open your ass to take my cock, it will be fun for moth of us!! He explains that it should not be painful but all pleasure!! He gets behind me and I feel the cool lube hitting my asshole followed by a finger. Groaning and moaning he then starts with some beads. Pulling them out and then back in!! Wiggling and telling him not to stop, we work through the toys as he plays with my cock. As the toys get bigger my cock explodes on the sheets, he slow fucks my ass with them as he milks my cock. Are you having fun he asks, hell yes holler!! Don't stop!! I can feel my ass stretching and the cool air as I start to gape for his cock. It seemed like hours as I kneel there rocking back and forth on the toys, with him fucking my ass and playing with my cock. Charles mauling my ass with his hands and playful slaps as he talks dirty to me.

I think you are ready he says as he moves me onto the bed and gets behind me. I feel his head pressing into my hole as I push back. I am amazed at how easy he slides in. (much better and less painful from past experiences) We are fucking each other as we groan and he slaps my pantied covered ass. Charles always encouraging me to be open and go with it. We fuck for what seems to be hours again, and I am loving every minute. I can feel his balls slapping mine as we fuck. All the time his is telling me what a good slut I am and how great I look in his wife's panties. Pulling out he rolls me over and starts to fuck me missionary, playing with my cock as he fucks me. Telling me to jerk myself as he hold my legs on his shoulders. After a few tugs I explode all over my stomach, almost the same time I feel the flood in my ass!! Charles grunting with long slow thrust as he breeds my once tight ass!! Falling on to me we kiss like school girls.

After finally pulling out his softening cock, he suggests a shower!! A great idea I agree and we head off to the shower. He says bend over as we enter the shower, for what, my ass needs a break. Oh just do it. So I bend over with my hands on my knees, I can feel his cum still leaking from ass, I feel that hot stream of piss!! With a chuckle, don't stop I say!! Laughing he stops and we kiss and wash each other and head back to the living room for a drink. He tosses me a clean pair of panties (pink hi rise briefs). 

Sipping a drink and talking about what a great time we are having, he reminds me we have the whole weekend and I can spend the night!! Fuck I got 2 days is my response. Finishing our drinks and then back to the bedroom...

And hopefully more to come if you like this. Please give me feedback as I give you our adventures!!