 Another day's hard work I thought to myself. Considering I have not hit the gym for a solid week due to finals and work, I challenged myself by swimming a workout set from my old high school swim team days. 

I usually am able to check both gals and guys while swimming, quickly shooting glances at the spa or people stepping out of the steam room and sauna. It was near midnight and no one of real interest struck me. After my last few encounters at the gym I was beginning to think these shower quickies were a gym norm rather than coincidences. 

I hopped out of the pool thinking if I may by chance run into someone at midnight in the showers. Straining my ears while completing my warm down stretches I failed to pick up anyone showering in the men's locker room. I was both disappointed and guilty for not getting any action tonight and hoping for some. I grabbed my towel and walked into the locker room; the air temperature is always a few degrees cooler as I stepped into the shower room already covered in goose bumps. 

I instinctively chose the last shower farthest from the door and quickly turned on the faucet. Underneath the showerhead I removed my worn training Speedo noticing how faded and sheer they have gotten. Naked, I slowly let the almost scalding water warm my body. I began to fanaticize about a guy I saw a few weeks ago in the shower I was in.

He was African-American looked about 20 and was my height 5'8, but his body was nearly impeccable. Chiseled abs that wanted to burst out and toned leg and arm muscles. I've seen him before in his tight blue Speedo definitely showing off his body. I nearly popped a boner in the cold pool water as I stole glances at him every time I took a breath to the side. I realized all 3 lanes were taken and decided to invite him into my lane as an act of swimmer's courtesy. Finishing my repetition I stood up and muttered something to the effect of "We can split if you want" referring to splitting the lane into two. He first gave me a surprised look and nodded in agreement as he stepped toward the lane. Not wanting to be obvious I quickly began my next set. He only swam for about 15 minutes and headed toward the showers, as I heard the familiar sound of the showerhead turn on. 

I finished my workout 20 minutes later and headed into the shower as well. I was surprised to still find him showering at the very last stall. Unfortunately, the one across was occupied and again not wanting to be to obvious I chose the farthest shower stall opposite of him that still afforded a decent view, but was also visible from the locker room. A few seconds in, he pulled off his Speedo and turned to feel the massaging spray of water on his back. My mouth almost dropped as he revealed a huge flaccid cock. I must have been 7 inches long lying their limp between his legs. His eyes were closed as he stood their revealing his gigantic cock. The man opposite him toweled off and left as he began to rub his muscular butt and chiseled chest. He never looked in my direction, but he knew I was looking as he reveled and caressed about every inch of his body. Knowing this wasn't going anywhere after a good 10 minutes of this I stepped out got dressed and jerked off at home. 

Remembering this in the shower brought life back to my lifeless cock. I opened my eyes again under the shower and noticed that someone occupied the shower opposite me. Glancing back I noticed a tall Latino man, in his twenties, and not bad looking. He was pretty fit as well. I continued to shower, slowly soaping myself and stealing glances behind me. I was nervous again. He turned sideways as he began to wash his cock. I noticed him stealing casual glances at me and making some intense eye contact. He was pretty damn good looking I thought as he let the water roll down his head over his face. He made slight moaning sounds as if the water felt so good wrapping around his body. My cock immediately grew hard as I quickly turned and changed the temperature to a cooler degree to let my cock subdue. DAMN. I began to soap my ass and inner thighs bending over slightly hoping to give him a good view as I contemplated whet to do now. I turned a bit and revealed my hard cock. In my peripheral vision his face slightly turned to take a look at my cock and his hand slowly reached down to his already semi-hard cock. It was dark and his cock only was about 4 inches but still had more to go. I didn't notice his balls, but my cock was already at full mast after taking in those details. My 6-inch cock grew harder, but the swimming pool still left my balls glued to my body. 

The man shut off the water and did an awkward walk toward his towel hanging on the wall between our stalls. Grabbing it, he took a step towards me as I turned around to let him take a closer look at my cock. He heart beat faster. This is it, I thought. Looking up he gave me a smirk and reached down with his big hands to grab my cock. Slowly he began to massage it as he held the towel in his other hand. His eyes glued to the entrance afraid that someone may come in. I closed my eyes and let out a soft moan. He let go and set his towel on the hook again. He motioned his head to say "Let's get out of here." I froze. These encounters never occurred elsewhere other than the confines of the shower stalls we were in. Terrified on the inside, I coolly shook my head. He got the idea that you either get it now or you do not get it at all. 

He shrugged and stepped closer into my stall. Excited, I grabbed his cock and began by stocking and squeezing it. The feeling of his hard 6-inch penis made me quiver as he reached behind with one hand putting a finger into my crack. I let him explore my ass as we stood side by side facing the door me jacking him off, him fingering me. The excitement of someone walking in intensified my senses. Feeling his big hand in my crack made me moan as he then proceeded to stick his finger inside my virgin hole. I let out a whimper as he roughly plunged his middle finger into my ass. I jumped forward a bit trying to let him get into me deeper as I continued to vigorously continued to jack him off. He was only able to get less than half his finger inside of me, because there was no lube and he could tell I was feeling a little be of pain. He massaged my hole as I began to feel him beginning to cum. I looked over to his cock in my hand. I was angling it up as it began to spurt thick beads of cum. There was no shot, which disappointed me but only dribbled down the bottom side of his cock as I pointed it up toward his head. 

Without thinking I stepped in front of him and grabbed my cock. With one hand, I jacked off my cock and his cock as I felt his cum oozing onto my dick. The feeling of his cock squeezed onto my cock threw me over the edge. I always wanted to do that. His cum was perfect lube for my aching cock. He quickly stepped back into his stall and me into mine. He watched me as I fervently stroked my cock, shooting wads of cum that almost shot into his stall. I looked up to see him smiling at me. 

He turned on his shower and we watched each other rinse off for a few minutes. We both exited the showers at the same time breathing heavily with smiles across our faces. Luckily, no one was around to questions us. Getting changed I wondered if he would be waiting for me outside to hook up. Terrified I stepped over to find that he had already changed and was leaving the locker rooms towards the main gym floor. I quickly changed and headed towards the opposite exit towards the pool. I was thankful I did not run into him.

Needless to say I got home and jacked off again replaying the scenes in my head. Maybe I'll stop by again next Sunday night to see if he'll be there.