 I crawled across the hard tiled floor. My eyes were glued to his flaccid cock and vivid memories of the previous night filled my head. I had never been with a man before that night. In fact I had never even considered it an option yet I had willingly sucked his cock and swallowed his cum. The sensation of his hard throbbing dick in my mouth and throat was incredibly erotic and the bitter yet sweet taste of his seed had stayed with me all day. I wanted more. 

"Start at my feet," he said playfully. My fingers touched his smooth shaved legs and his cock twitched. I ran my hands up his legs as my mouth moved closer to his long soft cock. I could feel my mouth watering in anticipation as I looked up at him with pleading eyes. My tongue followed my fingers up his smooth legs until my cheeks touched his smooth balls. I could smell the faint natural musk of his hard muscular body and it made me want more. My tongue slithered across his balls soaking them with saliva as I awaited permission to devour his delicious cock. 

"Suck it," he said firmly as he closed his eyes and smiled broadly. 

I opened my mouth wide and took his entire flaccid cock into my mouth as I moaned softly. 

His cock grew slowly in my mouth as I quietly sucked and slurped on his warm flesh. It grew rigid forcing my nose away from his pelvis. My head bobbed slowly over his hard throbbing rod as my hands ran up his smooth muscular legs to his rock hard ass. The day before I was content to let him fuck my mouth. I was willing yet passive as he played the dominant roll. This time however I was an active participant. He was in control but I wanted the while experience. I squeezed his ass with my left hand as my right wrapped around his shaft and slowly milked his hot cock while I licked, sucked and slurped on the spongy purple head. 

"Mmm," he moaned encouragingly as I worked on his throbbing dick. My eyes were closed and his fingers touched my scalp guiding my actions ever so slightly and letting me know what he wanted. 

My left hand moved from his ass to his tight rippled abs and my mouth left his cock. I continued to stroke his shaft as I buried my face between his balls and his thighs and licked the soft sensitive flesh. I sucked softly on his big balls as I jerked his big beautiful cock. I was completely engrossed in his body. The smooth flesh and the musky scent was a powerful aphrodisiac and my face moved lower licking behind his balls back to his taint. 

He moaned softly and spun around until I was looking at his strong muscular ass. I kissed his cheeks as I reached around him and slowly pumped his hard cock. My lips moved as if they had a mind of their own. My nose nuzzled between his clean washed ass cheeks and I slowly ran my tongue across his tight puckered asshole. I had licked my wife's ass often when orally pleasing her and the sensation as I licked his ass was similar yet different. His ass was hard and muscular yet smooth and shaved. I pushed my tongue into his asshole and he let out a low guttural groan. 

"Oh god yes," he whispered as I tongue fucked his ass while my hands slowly teased his cock and balls. 

My hands left his cock and balls and ran softly over his abs and up to his chest as I continued to tongue fuck his ass making him writhe with pleasure. 

He turned around and guided his cock into my mouth and it was my turn to moan. The feeling of his cock sliding between my lips was magnificent and the exchange of control was evident immediately. He held my head and slowly fucked my mouth. His cock slid down my throat as my hands caressed his hard body. 

I eased my right hand up between his ass cheeks and pushed my finger inside him as he fucked my mouth. 

"Right there," he moaned as I pushed a second finger into his ass. I pumped my hand into him as he pushed his cock down my throat faster and faster. 

My fingers matched his tempo and we fucked each other into a frenzy. His breathing became erratic and I knew I would soon be rewarded with a hot batch of cum. I wanted it. I needed it.

He thrust his cock deep into my throat and blasted a big shot of cum into me. He pulled back and the second shot pumped onto my mouth making me moan with hedonistic pleasure. 

I continued to fuck his ass as he came. He pulled his cock from my lips and shot two more cum rockets onto my face before pushing his spent dick back into my mouth so I could suck him clean as I stroked my dick. 

He backed away and stood in the doorway as I furiously stroked my cock. I savored the taste of his cum in my mouth and licked drops from my lips as I approached a powerful climax while he watched. 

I looked at his face as I came hard. He smiled his approval as cum flew from my cock and painted thick gobs of white cream onto my stomach. 

"Thanks for a good time," he said casually as he turned to go. "I will be back Monday if you want more."

I knew I would be back. I didn't just want more, I needed more.