 I pulled up to my house after work on Monday and I felt paralyzed by fear when I saw Kevin's car parked out front. 'What was he doing there,' I wondered as I collected my thoughts. I knew instantly that it had been a huge mistake bringing him back to my house. I felt my world crashing around me. I gathered myself and pulled slowly into the garage beside my wife's BMW. 

I had been thinking about his cock since he had left Saturday morning. The feel and the taste were addictive and I needed more. Jenny and I had fucked like animals when she got home Sunday night but it had done little to quell my rabid cock lust. 

"Jenny, I'm home," I called out as casually as I could when I didn't see her in the kitchen. 

"We're in here baby," she called out from the living room. "Your friend Kevin from the gym stopped by. He said he forgot his wallet here when you guys were hanging out on Saturday but we haven't been able to find it."

"Oh," I replied trying to sound relaxed as my heart pounded in my chest. "Hey buddy, I haven't seen your wallet. I cleaned yesterday and it wasn't lying around." I shot him a look to let him know I wasn't happy about his impromptu visit. 

"No worries, it may have fallen under my car seat," he replied as he gave me an embarrassed look. My eyes quickly traveled down his body. I could see the outline of his cock in his tight jeans. My heart skipped a beat. I wanted to feel it throb in my hand. I wanted to wrap my lips around it and suck until it exploded in my mouth. I was a cock whore and I knew it. He knew it too and that scared me. What were his true motives for showing up at my door and what, if anything, he had said to my wife while they waited for me. 

Jenny, always the good hostess, invited my new friend for dinner and soon we were all drinking in the living room like old friends. It became evident early in our conversation that Kevin hadn't said anything to me wife and I grew comfortable that he was being honest in his motives for showing up at my house. 

We finished several beers before we sat down to eat and we polished off two bottles of wine over dinner. Jenny was clearly drunk and I was buzzing hard by the time we moved back to the living room. 

I excused myself to go to the bathroom as Jenny and Kevin moved back to the living room. 

I walked out of the bathroom and Kevin was standing there waiting for me. He moved in close and his body brushed against mine. 

"Where's Jenny," I asked nervously as I looked around. 

"She went upstairs to change. She spilled wine on her shirt," he quickly replied. "Your wife's got great tits," Kevin continued as he grabbed my hand and put it on his growing cock. "Do you want this?"

I could feel the blood rush to my groin as his dick pressed throbbed in my hand. "Yes," I replied softly. I was hard, drunk and horny. If he had pushed me to my knees I would have gone willingly. If he had unzipped his fly I would have fished his cock out and stroked it right there in the hall. He did neither. He pushed past me into the bathroom and whispered "later.". His lips grazed my earlobe and his warm breath caressed my neck as he passed. 

A chill ran down my spine and goose bumps covered my arms. My mind was reeling. What was I doing? I moved back to the living room in a daze and waited. I waited for Kevin to continue his game because I wanted him to seduce me again. I waited for Jenny to come and unknowingly save me from myself. 

Jenny returned first and I breathed a sigh of relief. I knew that if Kevin had been the first one back I would not be able to stop him. Jenny had changed into a thin white tee shirt and she was braless. "I need you," she whispered as she pressed her soft lips against mine. I could taste the wine on her breath. Her tongue slipped into my mouth and danced with mine as her hand slid down to my dick. She found it stiff and ready. 

"Mmm, is this for me," she asked playfully. 

"Baby, we have company," I warned. 

"Fuck it, he can watch," she giggled. I had never seen my wife so sexually charged. It was clear she was drunk and her inhibitions were entirely gone. "Or he can join in," she laughed softly. "I have always dreamed about having sex with two guys and if one is my hot husband and the other is his buff workout buddy I will be a luck girl."

Jenny had never told me that she had fantasies like that. She always skirted the fantasy question and I had stopped pressing. She had certainly never confessed to wanting a threesome. In fact when I had joked about a threesome with another woman she had told me, in no uncertain terms, that group sex did nothing for her. "I don't like to share," she had explained. 

She rolled on top of me as we continued to kiss and ground her body against mine. "I need you inside me baby," she cooed as she reached down and freed my dick from my pants. 

I looked up as my wife slid down my body and wrapped her lips around my hard dick. Kevin stood beside the couch. His pants were around his ankles and his big hard cock jutted out from his body like a leathal weapon. My mouth watered at the sight of his big delicious cock but I quickly closed my eyes as Jenny took my entire shaft down her throat. She had always been an enthusiastic cock sucker but having an audience clearly excited her. She stood up and tore her clothes off as she stared at Kevin's hard cock. 

"Come closer," my wife said. Her voice was thick with lust. She straddled my hips and I guided my prick into her wet warm canal as I moaned softly. 

Kevin moved toward us. His cock led the way. It pointed at my wife and she wasted no time grabbing it with both hands and tugging on it as she slowly rode my stiff dick. 

I watched with intense facination as my wife of 15 years lowered her head and began to suck the cock that had been in my mouth nearly ten times over the previous two weeks. 

Jenny slowly rode my dick as she sucked Kevin's big cock. Her body moved in slow languid motions as she noisily slurped precome from his bulbous purple head. My hands held her hips and I watched her mouth engulf his thick cock. My mouth started to water as I recalled the erotic feeling of his dick as it slid down my throat and I let out a low moan. 

My right hand left my wife's hip and moved to Kevin's muscular legs as she continued to ride me. I rubbed his inner thigh moving slowly upward toward his big smooth balls as my wife continued to suck his cock and ride mine. "Oh baby," Jenny cooed when she noticed my hand on Kevin's leg. "Come closer baby, play with his balls while I suck his thick cock." She didn't have to ask twice. My hand moved up to his big heavy balls. I lightly caressed them and my fingers slithered across his taint to his tight puckered asshole. 

"Right there," Kevin moaned softly as my finger rubbed his ass. I pushed it inside him and he groaned needily. 

Jenny saw me fingering Kevin's asshole and she went crazy. 

"Oh god," my wife groaned as she watched my fingers penetrate Kevin's ass. She thrust her hot sexy body down on my cock as a series of small climaxes coursed through her. Her big tits bounced as she yelped like an excited puppy. 

Jenny grunted loudly as he pussy convulsed around my hard dick.

I felt my cum begin to boil and I knew I would cum soon. I sped past the point of no return as she rode my cock hard and fast. I cried out with pleasure as I deposited a huge load of hot cream deep inside her. 

I lay beneath my wife recovering from a powerful orgasm and watched as she renewed her attention on my friend's cock. I had never thought I would actually be in a threesome and certainly not with my wife and another man. I would have thought I would be jealous if my beautiful wife ever touched another man sexually but as I watched her lips slide down Kevin's big cock I felt only pure unadulterated lust. The only jealousy I felt was that her mouth and not mine was filled with his hard throbbing meat. 

My spent cock slipped out of Jenny's cum filled pussy and warm cum spilled from her hole onto my stomach. A part of me wanted her to ride my face with her oozing cunt but a much bigger part wanted to watch her with Kevin. 

I lifted my wife off my stomach and climbed off the couch. Kevin sat in front of us and looked at me. No words were spoken as Jenny guided my mouth to Kevin's smooth hard cock.

I wrapped my lips around his dick and sucked hard as my hands moved up his strong legs. 

"Do it baby," Jenny said softly as she watched Kevin's cock slide down my throat. I grabbed his hips and bobbed my head over his thick meat. The sensation of sucking cock in front of my wife was both incredibly erotic and sexually liberating. I forced his shaft down my throat until my nose pressed hard against his shaved pelvis. 

Tears streamed down my cheeks as I fought my gag reflex. My left hand tickled his asshole as I sucked his delicious cock head. I wanted his seed. I plunged two fingers inside him and wrapped my right hand around his shaft. I pumped his cock hard and fast as I slurped on the thick bulbous head of his dick. 'Cum for me,' I thought as I milked his prostate. 'Fill my mouth with your hot cum.' My cock started to stir as I furiously worked his cock and ass. 

Kevin's breathing became erratic and I could feel his body start to spasm. My mouth was watering in anticipation of his hot cum. I needed it. 

"Not yet baby," Jenny said as she pulled me away from his dick. "I want him inside me first," she panted. She lay back on the couch and looked at Kevin. "Fuck me," she said as she parted her pussy. "Give me my first new cock in 15 years. Fuck me hard."

Kevin smiled and climbed between my wife's thighs. His cock slide effortlessly into her soaking wet pussy. 

I moved up to kiss Jenny. My tongue slipped into her mouth and she moaned loudly. "I can taste his cock when you kiss me," she sighed. "Oh god baby, this is so hot. Can you believe there is another man fucking me while you are here." 

Kevin was as good with a woman as he was with me. He fucked my wife through two hard climaxes and then pulled out and grabbed my head. He pulled me toward his cock and thrust his big dick into my mouth. 

I could taste my wife's juices mixed with his precum and the taste was amazing. I moaned in hedonistic pleasure as I sucked his cock clean. 

Jenny watched me lick and suck Kevin's cock clean and then positioned me on my back. She straddled me in the 69 position and lowered her dripping wet cunt to my mouth as Kevin moved behind her and pushed his dick into her pussy. His cock slid across my lips and sank balls deep inside my wife. 

My tongue slithered across the folds of wet flesh as I licked and sucked cock, cunt, balls and taint. The smell and taste of their juices and the musk of their essence was a powerful aphrodisiac. I sucked Jenny's clit as Kevin fucked her hard from behind. Her body responded in a quick powerful climax as she cried out so loud I thought the neighbors might hear her. 

Kevin pulled his dick out of her spasming cunt and thrust it into my mouth. It slid deep into my throat and he pumped it in and out of my mouth as hard as he had fucked Jenny's cunt. 

He came loud and without warning. His cream filled my mouth and I gulped it down like a thirst starved athlete. I sucked his cock hard drawing every drop of cum from his softening hose as my wife spun around and joined me in cleaning our lover's flaccid cock. 

Jenny pressed her lips against mine and forced her tongue into my mouth as we shared the taste of Kevin's seed. We kissed deeply while Kevin recovered from his obviously powerful orgasm. 

We moved up to our bedroom to the bed Kevin and I had shared three nights earlier. Jenny climbed between us and played with both our cocks as we talked about how incredible the night had been. My cock recovered first and soon Jenny was stroking me with long tantalizingly slow strokes. 

Jenny pressed her lips to mine and pushed her tongue deep into my mouth. "This is so fucking hot," she whispered as she broke off our kiss and turned to kiss Kevin. She continued to rub my dick as her tongue danced inside his mouth. 

My hands caressed my wife's hot body and I nuzzled and kissed her neck. 

"Kiss each other," she groaned softly and her hands guided our lips together. I felt his lips against mine and I tensed. I had fucked and sucked Kevin's cock and ass for two weeks but we had never kissed. Sex was raw and carnal but kissing was intimate. 

Kevin pushed his tongue into my mouth and Jenny watched intently. I wasn't sure I wanted intimacy but Jenny wanted to see it and that more than anything excited me. I opened my mouth and returned his kiss. It was strange kissing a man. His lips were much softer than I would have thought but the aggressiveness with which his tongue thrust into my mouth was hot. 

Our tongues entwined and he rolled on top of me as we kissed. His hard cock pressed firmly into my stomach as he ground his body against mine. 

"Do you have any lube," Kevin asked my wife before pressing his lips against mine. I returned his kiss hungrily. 

"Oh god yes," Jenny hissed as she quickly dug through her night stand for a small bottle of Wet Lube. 

Kevin broke our kiss and rose onto his knees as my wife took his place and pressed her soft lips against mine. I liked kissing my wife much more than I enjoyed kissing Kevin but kissing him was surprisingly enjoyable. 

Kevin lubed up my ass and rolled a condom over his cock as Jenny and I kissed deeply and more passionately than we had in years. 

I felt Kevin's cock slide across my exposed asshole as he held my legs up in the air. It was the same position he had fucked me three days earlier and I was ready. I wanted him inside me. My tongue thrust into my wife's mouth deep and hard as Kevin pushed his hips forward. 

"Ugh, oh," I grunted as his cock head penetrated my recently deflowered asshole. He pushed slowly forward and inch after delicious inch disappeared inside me. 

"Oh my fucking god that is so fucking hot baby," my wife cooed as she watched Kevin bury his entire cock into me. His big heavy balls touched my ass. 

Jenny kissed me deeply then sat back and watched as Kevin started to fuck my ass. I grabbed my dick and stroked it in perfect time with Kevin's thrusts. He started with long slow stroked where he pulled back until just the head remained inside my ass then slowly sank deep inside me. 

Their was little pain at first but as I grew accustomed to the size of his dick it disappeared entirely and it was replaced by a constant pressure and a gradually building pleasure. He increased his pace and I could feel my climax starting to build. It started in my belly and spiraled outward in waves as my breathing came in short gasps. 

I looked at my wife and smiled. The fingers of her left hand were buried inside her as her right hand furiously rubbed her clit while she watched Kevin fuck my ass. 

His thrusts were strong and powerful and I knew I would explode soon if he continued but he was good. Oh god was he good. He sensed my impending explosion and slowed to a crawl. His cock moved slow sinking in and out of me making my body hang on the edge of orgasm but never letting me slip over. 

It felt like I was going crazy. I wanted to cum. I needed to cu but the pleasure of riding the edge was more incredible than anything I had ever felt. 

We rode the edge for what seemed like forever. He fucked me hard bringing me to the brink, then slowing down and holding me there until the feeling passed. He did it over and over for at least an hour. Jenny fingered herself to at least three climaxes and reapplied lube to keep the friction in my ass to a perfect level. 

Kevin pulled his cock from my ass. He turned me over onto my stomach as my wife slid beneath me. My cock slid inside her soaking wet pussy and Kevin moved behind me. He sank his hard throbbing cock into my ass and fucked me as my cock slid in and out of my wife. 

Our pace started slow and deliberate as we stoked the fire of our passion. Jenny's passion built quickly and she was soon moaning wantonly as we all fucked. I felt my climax building to a fervent finish. 

Kevin dictated the pace. He thrust hard and fast into my ass as my cock pounded into my wife's soaking wet pussy. I felt myself pass the point of no return and I cried out as my cum shot hard and deep into Jenny's cunt. Kevin pulled his cock from my ass and tore the condom off his thick rod. He moved around and pointing his dick at my face as he stroked it slowly. 

"Open wide bitch," he said authoritatively as he pushed his dick between my lips. He grunted and groaned as he came in my mouth. "Drink my cum you cock sucking whore," he yelled loudly as copious thick cream filled my mouth. 

"Oh god," Jenny cried out as she watched him express his dominance over me. 

I swallowed his cum and licked his cock and balls clean before collapsing on the bed in a sweaty exhausted heap. Jenny kissed us both deeply and I turned off the lights so we could all go to sleep together. 

"Thank you baby," my wife whispered to me in the dark as we kissed tenderly. "You made my fantasy come true and it was incredible. Maybe next time we can test my limits. I love you baby," she said quietly. 

"I love you too," I replied as we kissed again. I could hear her and Kevin talking as I drifted off to sleep.