 It had been about a week since Ed had picked me up at Junior's. Or, I had "allowed" Ed to pick me up, or I had sought him out, or whatever. Literally for two days afterwards it felt like my intestines had been rearranged. My anal cavity felt like a cavern. I was wondering if he'd done permanent damage to my ass. I wondered how all those porn stars do it all the time...

Getting fucked was one thing. I was adjusting to the physical demands of taking a big, thick cock up the ass, but being dominated was another. The brief surrender of my masculinity was...sobering. I enjoyed it. No doubt about it. It was incredibly liberating. But, I was starting to see things in a whole different light and question everything that I once knew about myself. To put it lightly, it was weird. And really fucked up. I was in a daze for a long time after.

Seeing Ed at the gym was also interesting. He didn't ignore me. In fact, he hadn't changed his public rapport with me at all. We both found ourselves at the gym during the peak hours in the morning and he was careful to walk the line and be discreet. Occasionally though, in that first week, when no one else was around, he'd give me this look. Narrow his eyes a little and smirk.

Every time he did it I felt my dick twitch in my sweat pants. 

And then I started noticing things. Occasionally I would catch the guys in his clique giving me a "look". Totally unmistakable. They knew. I didn't have to wait long before I was initiated into their inner circle.

It was Friday morning. A week to the day since Ed took my anal cherry. The crowd at the gym was relatively light. Carl, one of the trainers and the guy who opened in the morning, was upstairs with a female client. He was the only one on staff who was in the building. Ed was doing free weights with his lifting buddy. Not too many other people milling around.

I had finished relatively quickly and went to get cleaned up for work. One of Ed's Gay Mafia came in right behind me. I didn't know his name, but I had dubbed him "Bullet Man" because of his shaven head. Original, I know. I held the door open for him. He gave me a tight smile. Hm. A slight electric signal went up my brain stem.

His locker was directly across the aisle from mine. Years of living here in "Big City", had given me a lot of experience in "looking without looking." Out of the corner of my eye, I espied his thick, corded arms, broad chest, massive thighs and bull-like ass as he stripped off his gym clothes. Not someone you'd want to fuck with, so I didn't let my eyes linger, even if I was only glancing peripherally anyways. 

Naked, I grabbed my towel and dop kit and headed for the showers. 5 stalls, all made private by flimsy plastic curtains. I started to heat one of them up. I was lulled a little by the sound of the water pounding on the stall, and the rhythmic thumping of the music out in the gym. I was a little groggy, so it was a bit of a shock when Bullet Man was next to me all of a sudden. I was a little startled.

"How's it going?" I asked weakly.

"Good." He smiled, a little too smugly. "It's about to get better."

My heart started to pump a little faster. Yet another moment where I had to make a big decision, and I had to make it fast. I drew back the shower curtain and stepped in. He leaned up against the jamb. I looked at him dead in the eye. I swear I could hear my heart pounding. Did I want this or not? 

"Well?" My voice broke as I said it.

His massive body barely fit inside the shower with mine.

Crammed in there with me, he reached down, grabbed my cock and balls and gave me a firm squeeze with one hand. With the other, he put a condom on the soap ledge. He started to knead my nuts slowly. I was frozen at first. The conflicting feelings of pleasure, guilt- and denial that this was happening at all- made me paralyzed. He took my bottle of soap and began to lather us both up.

God, my balls felt SO GOOD in his hands. Slick with warm lather, he gently played with my cock- now tender and very sensitive. He lightly rolled the suds around my cockhead with his calloused hands...I almost fucking came right then and there.

"We have to be fast." He turned me around until my slick ass was pressing against his cock. It stiffened incrementally as he rubbed it back and forth across my ass crack. It was thick. I could tell it had some weight. "Don't make a sound."

His soapy fingers penetrated my asshole. He would plunge them in full of soap, take them out, lather them up and plunge them in again. "Soap makes a shitty lube," he whispered in my ear "...but we have to make do." He pushed me against the front wall of the tiny stall, to give himself some room, and then maneuvered his cock against my sphincter. "Be a good girl and open up, ok?" My cheeks flushed. Apparently Ed told him (and how many of the other guys?) about how he'd feminized me with dirty talk (not to mention how I'd made sounds like a woman cumming). The denigration was embarrassing and shameful, yet hot at the same time. I loved being a man's bitch.

His cock slowly, slowly, slowly slid into my asshole. He filled up every centimeter of space. I started seeing stars. He didn't have much room to fuck, but he started grinding against me. He could barely pull back, but when he thrust forward, he would push hard inside me and pull my hips tight against him. His fingers dug into me. I wondered if he could get up enough speed to cum. 

After a short while, he wrapped his arms around me in a kind of a crushing bear hug. Literally. It was like he was squeezing the life out of me. I could feel his body tighten up and contort. Soon he started shaking- it was like being locked into a rough roller coaster ride- with a dick up my ass. 

When he was done, he slumped over, breathing hard. He disentangled himself slowly. I turned my head with an imploring look. 

He gave me a look and a shrug that said, "Sorry!". Jesus! Was any of these guys going to do anything for me!? I could feel him fumbling around behind me, and then I felt him drape something limp and slimy over my shoulder. The fucking condom. I looked back at him and he winked. He held a finger to his lips and cocked his head towards the curtain. 

After a moment, he slipped out, careful to keep me concealed. He popped his head back in. "All clear." And then left. I leaned back against the shower. It was like being fucked by a bear, but it was ok. I had just been used. Exploited. Degraded. Sport fucked. And, my ass had that hollowed out feeling again. I took the condom and held it up. I don't know what came over me, but I held it up by the reservoir tip and let the cum slide down, into my mouth. I held it on my tongue for a minute and then swallowed. I was breathing hard. 

And I hadn't even cum yet.