 Hi, my name is Kyle. I'm your typical stereotype prep student in my senior year of high school. I'm slim with some muscle tone, have short blond hair that's spiked, blue eyes, and a light tan. I'm the type that will joke around with my friends about the girls and getting some pussy just like any normal guy would, but I was different than all of my other friends. I was gay. I didn't want to lick some girl's cunt. I wanted to be sucking on a hunk's dick, giving him all the pleasure that I could. I have before too, but that's a different story. This story takes place near the end of the school year. In just a few more weeks after the time it takes place, school would have been out for summer vacation. 

That's when my one chance to see my dream guy naked at school came my way. My dream guy's name is Sean. He's a little taller than I am, and has a lot more muscle on him than I do. His hair is a dark brown, and his eyes are a deep blue. Mmm, he's so damn hot. I wanted to feel his dick deep in my throat and see the look of pleasure on his face.

I had seen him in the halls before and a few times in the gym shooting hoops, but this was the first time I had seem him in the locker room. He had on his gym shorts with his black boxer top showing. His white t-shirt was soaking wet with sweat that was still dripping down his forehead. He was holding his towel over his shoulder and was walking towards the showers.

My heart jumped in delight. This was my chance, so I grabbed my towel and headed towards the showers as well. On my way to the shower I took my clothes off and wrapped my towel around my waist. I walked past the bench outside the showers and saw all of Sean's clothes there in a heap, including his boxers. My dick started to harden at the very thought of him naked in there.

Now, you need to understand something about the layout of the showers. They aren't all open to each other. There are small walls to divide each shower head into a shower stall, but there are no curtains to hide the person in the stall. That's why I went into a stall on the opposite wall that was behind Sean's by one. I could just see him from my vantage point, yet he couldn't see me staring with my semi-erect dick pointing out.

I turned on my shower head and mimicked Sean as he lathered his body with soap. I imagined that his hands were moving over my body. Rubbing over my ass, my dick, and in circles around my hole. My dick by now was almost totally erect. This is when I suddenly realized something. Sean's towel was hanging on the stall wall behind him. It would be easy for me to take it so he'd have to walk back to the lockers naked. In a second I was in the stall behind his and I grabbed his towel. I went back to my shower stall and hid it beneath my towel.

After I had done so, I looked back over at Sean. He was still rinsing the soap off his hot, athletic bod. I started to slowly rub my dick to full erection. Seeing Sean in the shower was exciting me more than any other guy had before. My slow stroking pace was soon replaced by a quickened pace. As I did, Sean put shampoo into his hair and started to rub it in.

He made sure it was in good enough before he put his head under the stream of water to rinse it out. Even after all of the shampoo was out of his hair, he just let the water run down his strong frame. To my great delight, he moved his right hand down to his dick and began to rub it. His other hand went up to pinch one of his nipples. Without realizing it, I moaned lightly. He must have heard it, for he suddenly stopped pleasuring himself and turned off the water. He fumbled around for his towel, but failed in locating it. 

Without opening his eyes, he made his way towards the sound of the running water in my shower. I started to panic. What would he do when he found out I was spying on him. When he reached the opening to my stall, he asked, "Who's there?"

"It's just me, Sean. Kyle from your sixth hour."

"Kyle? What are you doing here after school?"

"I was working out in the weight room and decided to shower off before I went home."

"That's cool. Say, could I borrow your towel? I can't seem to find mine."

"Sure, no problem. Here you go."

I reached up and handed my towel to Sean, praying he wouldn't see my fully erect dick. He took it and dryed off his face and hair. Once it was dry to his satisfaction, he handed it back.

"Thanks man, at least I'll be able to see now."

"No problem."

Sean gazed down and laughed, "Looks like someone has been doing more than washing in here."

I followed Sean's gaze at his dick and blushed. My gaze didn't stay there long, for curiosity was getting the better of me. I took a quick peek at Sean's dick which was hanging boldly between his legs, then looked back up quickly with a blush at my cheeks, "Yeah, well, I.."

"It's all right, Kyle. It's perfectly natural, nothing to be ashamed of. I knew I heard a moan coming from over here."

"Umm...this is kinda awkward."

"Why? I'm just as hard as you are. If I didn't know better, I'd say you were jacking off while watching me."

"Hehe, you wish. I'm no fag. I prefer pussy only, thank you very much."

"You don't have to lie to me. I know the pleasure that only a man can give to another man. Besides, if you didn't enjoy seeing me naked, why would you take my towel? It's right up there next to yours."

"....This is really awkward now. I'm sorry for spying on you like that..."

"You don't have to apologize. I'm flattered, actually. And if you don't have anything better to be doing, why don't we finish our shower together. I think some shampoo is still in my hair."

"O..okay.."

I turned around to face the flowing water as Sean moved behind me. His arms reached around my waist and pulled my body into his. I could feel his hard dick pressing into my ass as he ground his groin against my ass. I moaned and leaned forward about to fall. Before I fell to the stall floor, I caught myself by putting my hands against the stall wall in front of me. Sean took advantage of my position and wormed a finger up into my hole. 

The feeling of his finger stretching me open sent shivers up my spine. More moans escaped my mouth as his finger hit my prostrate over and over again. Soon another finger joined the first as he used his free hand to stroke my dick. I was panting when he put two more fingers into my hole, stretching it nice and wide.

"Sean, wait, before you fuck me, I want to do something."

Sean licked my ear lobe and answered, "Whatever you want..."

I turned around and dropped to my knees. I sucked his balls into my mouth, sucking greedily. Sean almost fell to the floor right then. He hadn't been expecting this. I left his balls and began to lick his sack and around his dick. Relentlessly, I kept teasing him by keeping my tongue and mouth off of his deck but around it. Finally, when I saw he was getting very agitated, I took his entire 7.5" down my throat. As I bobbed my head up and down, I developed a rhythm to follow. I could tell he was getting near, because he had started to ram into my mouth trying to fuck my face. I pulled off and stood up. I licked his lips and kissed him passionately. Our tongues fought for dominion of his mouth as we ground our dicks together.

Sean had had enough though. He turned me around and pushed me against the stall wall as I had been before. Without re-stretching me with his fingers, he shoved his dick into my ass hole. I grimaced in mild pain. He pulled out, then rammed in once again. He went faster and faster, his balls slapping against my ass each time.

We were both in great ecstasy. His dick was hitting my prostate each time he rammed in, and I was squeezing my ass hard to give him more pleasure. He moved one of his hands from my side and stroked my 7" dick up and down. For a moment he stopped to turn me around and set me on the ground. I grabbed my legs and pulled them up to my chest as he rammed his dick back into me. In and out, in and out. We were both moaning so loud that if anyone had been in the locker room, they would have heard us. 

"Sean, I'm a...almosT THERE!!! Ooo, gods, fuck me, fuck me hard!"

"HaRD, eh?! I'll give you hard!"

Sean picked up his pace and began to slam hard into Kyle, cornering him up against the stall's wall. 

"AHHHH!"

With that scream, I shot my load onto mine and Sean's chest. My orgasim tightened my ass muscles, sending Sean over the edge. Sean pulled out and brought his dick up to my face, cumming all over it. Some of the white, salty cum entered my mouth, giving me a taste of him. Greedily, I sucked his dick into my mouth, draining every last drop of cum out of him.

Sean fell onto me panting with a satisfied smile on his face.

"You surprised me, Kyle. You're pretty good. You must've had sex before this."

"I've had a few guys, but you're the second one that I've allowed to fuck my ass and the first to cum on my face. I loved it though."

"So did I. This was much better than me jacking off in that shower stall alone. Maybe we can get together and do this again sometime over summer."

"I'd be more than willing, but I do have one question. How did you know I took your towel?"

"I didn't at first. I was horny and looking for a guy to fuck. When I couldn't find it, I thought someone had played a practical joke on me. That is until I saw you with your hard dick standing proud. After I saw two towels up there I guessed what you did and took it from there."

"I'm glad I took your towel now. I was just hoping to get a chance to see you walk back to the lockers naked."

"Is that why you took it? Well, if you want to see me naked again, don't take my towel. You can just ask and I'll strip for you."

"Maybe I will, but I need to get going now. Will I see you tomorrow?"

"Why don't we meet up tonight?"

"Okay, tonight it is. Your place or mine?"

"Mine would be better. My parents won't be home tonight. We can party all night long."

I reached down to my dick and flopped it around, "I'm not ready yet, but I should by then. Until tonight." I brought my lips to his and kissed him one last time before I stood up and left school for the day.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If anyone wants, I can expand this story some more. I could go back to my first few times at the beginning of my senior year, or I could go past this story and tell about my relationship with Sean. Let me know at the link below.