 I travel in my job so I try and seek out a gym close to where I am staying. Because I have to eat out quite a bit I like to stay in shape if I can. I found a gym a few blocks away from the hotel where I was staying. After a late meeting had ended I drove over to the gym that I had found. It was probably 10pm by the time I arrived there. The place was almost empty, only one other guy was there, besides the front desk clerk.

I lifted a few free weights and did a few machines. I finished in about an hour's time and then I decided to get cleaned up. When I went into the showers there was the one guy I saw working out besides me. He was a young guy with blonde hair. He was soaping up when I turned on the shower head that was next to him. This guy was tall and thin and he had very little body hair. I couldn't help but notice his long, thin cock dangling between his legs.

I am a straight man with a wife and kids, but my eyes were drawn to this young guy. I started to run the water over my body and to began to soap myself as well. As I stood there, my blonde friend had the bar of soap squirt from his hands. He bent over to pick it up. That was when I caught the sight of his balls and cock. 

I wasn't sure what was happening to myself. I think I was actually getting a bit excited staring at his naked body. My friend picked up his soap and continued to clean himself. It wasn't but a few seconds until the soap escaped from his hands once more. The bar shot right over to my feet. I picked it up and took a few steps to hand it back to him.

My blonde friend thanked me. It was then that I took a step I can barely believe I took. I offered to soap my friend's back for him, if he liked. He said sure and turned his back to me. I was there, just a few inches from him, rubbing the soap all over his backside. I felt my cock starting to stiffen. I must have been so close that my cock actually rubbed across his asscheeks.

My friend's body tightened up a bit, but he didn't pull away. It was then I started to slide my cock lightly up and down his asscrack. I felt my blonde friend press back against me. I could barely believe I was doing this in a public shower. I then made my move. I wrapped my arm around his waist. My cockhead was nuzzled at his opening. He didn't pull away.

It was then I pushed my cock hard up into his ass passage. My blonde friend's body tightened up. It was then I started to stroke him. I ground my hardness into his tight hole. I was pumping hard into his ass, nearly lifting him off his feet. My lover was moaning and he started to urge me to go harder.

I was lost in fucking now, pumping his hole with my stiff prick. It might have seemed like we were fucking a long time, but it was only just a few minutes when I felt my nuts tighten up. I couldn't hold back anymore. I blasted his ass with a hot load of my seed. I just kept driving my cock into him until I felt like I didn't have anymore cum left in me.

My cock slipped out and we let the water spray over us once more. When we both went out to the locker room, I found out my blonde lover's name was Matt. He told me he was a student at a local university nearby. He liked to workout late in the day to avoid the crowded atmosphere. He certainly hadn't planned for what happened either. He just saw me naked in the shower stall and had been turned on by my naked body. That was when he dropped the soap.

We got dressed and he followed me back to my hotel room. We went directly to the bed and got undressed. It was there that we really discovered each other's bodies. We were entwined, rolling around on the mattress. We kissed and fondled each other. Matt had managed to roll me over and was lying on top of me. He was between my legs as he looked directly into my face.

I could feel his stiff member against my belly. It was then that Matt slowly lifted up my legs by the ankles. I couldn't believe what was about to happen. Matt positioned his mushroom head at my ass and then pushed hard into me. I screamed out from the pain, but Matt had buried half of his cock into my virgin hole. My blonde lover then fed me the rest of his hard meat.

He ploughed my ass without worrying about how it might have felt. It felt as if someone shoved a baseball bat up my ass. Matt then fucked me hard. He loosened me up by circling his shaft around inside me. I eventually got my legs free and scissored Matt around his waist. He then fucked me as hard as he could manage. Matt fed his long cock into my hole and made me take every hard inch he possessed. 

It seemed like I was begging him to stop but I am not sure now. Either way, Matt took me like a bitch in heat. I was his and he knew it. There was no escaping. He rammed his cock into me for the longest time. He then let out a yell.

"I can't hold it, I'm cumming!"

Matt then shot one scalding wad of cum into me after another. I felt this burning sensation in my bowels. It felt like nothing I had ever experienced before. I wanted every drop that he had in him. Matt proceeded to fill me until his seed was leaking down my asshole.

My lover was on top of me trying to catch his breath, just as I was doing the same. After a few minutes Matt pulled away from me. He looked down at my crotch and lifted my cock in his hand. He brought my cockhead to his lips and then inhaled me. I pushed my hips forward and fed him my cock. Matt sucked me like there was no tomorrow. It was the best blowjob I could recall ever having. No female ever paid this much attention to my stiff cock. He flicked his tongue all over the head and then deep throated me repeatedly.

My cock was coated with all of Matt's saliva when I finally shot a geyser of cum down his throat. Matt never pulled off of me. He drank every drop I spewed out from the tip of my cock. After this we were both exhausted and we collapsed and fell asleep together.

When we awoke it was almost daybreak. Matt had classes to attend and I had to be on my way home. We exchanged phone numbers and I told Matt I would be back in the area in a couple of months. He wanted to get together again and so did I.

After a week or so at home I was out of sorts. My wife noticed that there was something bothering me. I just passed it off as pressure at work. I love my wife and kids, but I was obsessing about my lover, Matt. I just couldn't get him off my mind. Matt called me a few times and told me the same thing. He was thinking about me constantly and he wanted to make love again.

It was really hard to hear this young guy telling me how much he needed to be fucked. It is still many weeks until I can get back to Matt's town. I worry that he might get too horny and find someone else to love. I know it is madness, but I need to get back to my blonde lover soon.