 Ch. 01: Derrick & I

It had been a few days since I had gone to the gym and I thought I had better get back into my routine. But little did I know that this workout would lead to some of the best workouts that I would ever have. After getting warmed up and ready for a good workout I noticed across the gym a tall, slender guy with a build that I could only dream of having. During my workout I couldn't help but keep track of him and what he was doing and for some reason, for which I would find later, I couldn't keep my eyes off him.

I finished up my workout and went in to shower up, but before I went I had to check out the new guy one more time. Too my disappointment he was nowhere to be found. To my luck though I turned the corner to the locker room and who was to be there but my new curiosity. He was just getting into the shower so all I saw was his perfectly shaped ass. 

I hurried and got undress and noticed that my cock was semi-hard and wasn't sure how to hide my excitement. So I did what any other shy and horny guy would do but hide it with a towel. Once I had gotten to the shower and dowsed myself with a shot of cold water I calmed down I noticed him standing under the far shower so I positioned myself so I could get the best view without looking like a peeping tom. He was a perfect specimen of a man that dedicated himself to be in the best shape that he could be. His back side was muscular but not overly developed. His calves and thighs were the same and for his ass, it was perfect, tight and smooth as drum with deep dimples on each side. He then turned to rinse off his back and I wasn't disappointed in what I saw. His chest was well developed and what a six-pack stomach he had and not a trace of hair anywhere even the lower I look. His legs from the front didn't disappoint either, muscular and smooth just like from the back. 

Now for the best part, my eye raised slowly finding two rather large balls covered with a wrinkled but hairless ball sack. As I continued my journey upward I was rather pleased to find what could have been used as a perfect specimen for what a penis should look like. It was, in my estimate, about 7" long in it's flaccid state with a mushroom shape head at the end. No telling how much it would grow to when it was excited. I knew at this point that I needed to stop my starring before I got caught, which I probably had already been. To my relief he had his eye closed while enjoying the streams of water running over his great body. 

After that day in the shower I found out that is name was Derrick and that he was the new training manager at the gym. I t see that we were always running into to each other almost like we were destine to. One afternoon before I had started my workout Derrick approached me about him helping me with my training. It seems that he was trying to get his personal trainer accreditation certificate and needed a person to train to get this. It was going to be a win win situation for me, being trained and being trained by Derrick. 

We started out that afternoon and he didn't pull any punches, he worked my ass off. After a hot shower and time in the whirlpool I was sure this was going to be good for me, not knowing at that time how good it would be. This routine went on for a couple weeks and things were progressing great. My body was tightening up and workouts were becoming easy. One evening Derrick then asks if I would be willing to stay late and help him with his workout since his usual partner was out for the day. He even offered to pay e for my time but I told him after all he had done for me this was the least I could do. Derrick told me that it was up to me but if I wanted to work out along with him it would be ok. 

I tried to keep up with him but it was a lost cause. I spotted him as he lay on the weight bench doing his presses and he then did the same for me. As I laid there ready to lift, Derrick positions himself over my head and handed me the weight. As I lifted I couldn't help but notice the pant leg of his short was open enough to give me a good view. He had his jock on but I could still make out the outline of his balls and that wonderful cock. I don't know how I was able to control myself but I did. After about an hour Derrick said that he had done enough for the day and told me to hit the showers and then just disappeared into his office. 

I was about to get into the shower when I heard Derrick call out my name like her was in pain or something. I ran over to his office and found him lying on the floor in pain. I asked what happened and he told me that his back was cramping up and needed me to try and rub it out for him. In my hast to get to him I had forgot that I was totally naked but so was he. I helped Derrick onto the trainer's table where he laid face down so I grabbed two towels one for me and one to cover his butt up. Derrick guided me through on how to work out the cramp and was able to work it out for him. Needless to say I was enjoying the experience.

After I was sure he was ok I went back to get my shower taken, dropping the towel to the floor I stepped into the shower and tried to relax. 

Thinking of what had just happened and that I had just had my hands on another man's body was really getting me excited and confused both at once. Excited for the obvious reason and confused because I had always considered myself to be straight. Now was I bi, gay or curious? Now for the gay part I know I love the ladies, for the bi part this was the first time for any male contact and obviously it was minor but the thought was there and for the curious part who wouldn't have been. I had been so deep in thought about this that I didn't notice that derrick had come into the showers. 

I tried not to make eye contact with him but couldn't help it, I don't know if I was a little embarrassed or what. When we did finally look at each other, Derrick thank me for helping him out and that if there was anything I needed just let him know. That was when he walked over and put his hand on my shoulder and said "and I really mean anything", emphasizing anything. 

I saw his eyes go from mine to looking down to notice my raging hardon which I really hadn't noticed because of having my mind somewhere else. Derrick look back at me and said "by the looks of it there just might be something I can do for you right now." At that point I felt his strong but gentle hand begins to slowly stroke my cock and with the other massage my aching ball. I looked down to find his huge cock sticking out begging for my attention. He was much bigger than I thought he would have been but that didn't disappoint me at all. I thought maybe it was about 8 ½" long but Derrick told me that had had measured it and it was actually a bit over 10". 

I wasted no time returning the favor as I began also slowly stroking his massive member; it wasn't that much bigger than mine in girth but about 3" longer. We stood there for a while in the shower the decided continue our new workout in his office. Once back to his office, still dripping wet from the shower, we continued our mutual stroke session for a bit more. Derrick then said he needed me to stop before I made him cum and it was too soon for that. We both needed to calm down a bit so we could continue later. 

After a short time I went over to Derrick and told him that I needed to get a closer look at his great cock. I said to myself "where in the world was this kind of thinking coming from?" At this point I was too far into this to turn back now. I pulled back the towel that he had covered himself with to find that he was again ready for action. His beautiful cock was there for my taking if I wanted it and there was no question there. I again took it in my hand giving it a gentle squeeze causing a large bead of precum to run out of the tip and down over my hand. What would taste like, what would he do if I would lick it off, would I be brave or crazy enough to actually do it? 

These entire questions were running through my head but it didn't take long for all of these questions to be answered. Before I had time to think about it anymore I took the mushroom head of his cock between my lips and sucked his salty nectar into my eagerly awaiting mouth. What a rush, I couldn't believe that I had another man's cockhead in my mouth even if I had fanaticized many time about it. I proceeded to take more and more of it into my mouth until the head of it was pressing against the back of my throat. I took a deep breath and slowly took in more and more of it. Once I got past my gag reflex I was able to deep throat the entire monster. Derrick pulled completely out of my mouth told me to lie down and got into the 69 position and proceeded to swallow my aching cock while I did to his. 

We spent seems like an hour face fucking each other until we exploded down each other's throat, pulling out only enough so we could each taste each other's sex nectar. What a rush it was to finally have one of my fantasies fulfilled and I was about to see if another might be on the verge.

Derrick's cock was still pretty hard and felt the urge to once again suck on this beautiful treat. I didn't miss around this time; I swallowed all 10" in one gulp. To my surprise Derrick must have thought the same thing since were both enjoy another suck session. 

While sucking each other I felt Derrick hand start massaged my butt the felt one of his fingers penetrating my virgin asshole. At first I kind of pulled away but the relaxed and gave him full access. As time went on he went from one finger then two and finally he was to the point of almost fisting me. I couldn't take it anymore and released his cock from grips of my mouth and throat. I begged him with a raspy voice to stop fisting me. I think at first he thought I was mad that he was doing it but I assured him I wasn't. I told that that felt great but I wanted more that a fist, I wanted 10" of cock up my ass and I wanted him to fuck me right now. 

My asshole was still stretched from being fisted so Derrick slid into me without any problem. I told Derrick to give me a minute and let my asshole try and get back to a little bit of normal tightness. As my asshole tightened around his massive member Derrick began his rhythmic pumping. He had still only given me about 6" trying not to hurt me. I wanted all of it so when I felt him start his forward stroke I pushed my as back and drove him deep into me. From that point all I heard and felt was his pubic area slapping against my ass. This went on for a while and I could sense that he was almost ready to explode. I had to make a quick decision, do I want him to shoot his load deep into my bowels or did I want him to pull out. Too late as I felt him tighten up the release his hot fluids into me. He had cum so much that with very back stroke his hot fluids shot out and ran down my balls. I was so zoned into what he was doing to me that I didn't notice that I myself was cumming all over the trainer's table and was lying in a large pool of my own fluid. 

We both collapsed and laid there for a while with his cock still buried in my ass twitching every so often draining the last of his seed into me.

Other things happened that night that will need to be told at another time plus what happens when I get the chance to plant a few of my seed. 

Gym Workout Part 1, Derrick & I" PART 2 & more.