 Rocco and I carefully closed the door and locked it. The temporary repair was just a piece of plywood scabbed over the cracked wood at the deadbolt lock. The door frame had a similar repair, so the door would remain closed and locked. Of course even the slightest bang on the door would force it open, but it should hold until the door and frame could be replaced.

Once again Rocco and I settled onto our couch, happy to be home, safe and sound at last. We only sat for a few minutes because, though we had clothes and some furniture, the kitchen was empty. Rocco still had some money left in his checking account, so we decided to head out to the grocery store to pick up a few things. Hopefully it would tide us over until I started working for our lawyer.

"It was very nice of him to offer you a job," Rocco said as we walked to the store.

"Yeah, once I get my car out of the impound lot I should be able to get started. Until then we can fix up our apartment."

"We don't want to get too extravagant, I'm not real sure how much money I've got tucked away. I'll take a cab to the bank tomorrow and see what I have there."

"You better be careful going into the bank, the way things have been going you'll probably get arrested for bank robbery."

We spent about fifty dollars on groceries and then headed back to the apartment. When loaded up our refrigerator and cabinets with the food and then pulled out a bottle of wine.

"We don't have any fancy glasses," I said, holding up two Styrofoam cups, "but I don't think it will hurt the wine any."

"Yeah," Rocco replied, "there aren't a lot of things that can make this wine any worse." He held up his cup and I moved mine over to carefully touch his, "To our apartment."

"Our apartment," I repeated and then took a big gulp of the wine.

Rocco then leaned over and kissed me, his tongue entering my mouth and toying with my tongue. I stood up, keeping my lips firmly on his and then broke the kiss and headed for the couch. Rocco grabbed my hand and pulled me toward the bedroom, "Let's not take any more chances."

I shut the bedroom door behind us and locked it. "At least if they try to barge in again we'll have time to pull on some shorts or something."

Rocco began removing my clothes, so I unbuttoned his shirt and ran my hands over his nipples. I then moved to his pants, pulling them down to the floor, kneeling in front of him. Rubbing my face against his cock, I reached my hands up and kneaded his ass.

Noticing he had the lubricant I stood up and let him apply it liberally to my cock. I ran my finger though his palm and then reached over and pushed it into his ass, making sure he was well lubricated. He then sat down on the bed and scooted back, spreading his legs wide apart.

Kneeling between his legs, I leaned forward and began pushing my cock into him, slowly at first, but as it slid easily, I pushed fast and hard. Pulling out and thrusting back into him, I watched as he reached down and took hold of his hard cock. I continued thrusting, my balls now slapping onto his ass.

Watching him masturbate while I fucked his ass was an incredible turn on. I was able to hold off, slowing down my rhythm until I saw Rocco come, spraying his jism up onto his chest. I let myself go then, and slammed my cock as deep into his as I could, spurting my cum deep in his ass.

I then leaned down on him, letting his cum smear on our chests as I kissed him. I remained on top of him until I felt my cock pinched out of his ass. Rolling over onto my side, I reached over and gently toyed with is cock.

About an hour later, I woke up, still holding his flaccid cock. I let go and got up to take a shower, kissing his cock as I slid past him. When I finished showering, I turned off the water and opened the door. Rocco was standing at the toilet taking a piss. I just stood and watched his yellow stream splash into the water, happy to finally be home.