 There will come a day when I will have to improvise during filming, but that day is still far from the events I'm about to share. This is all about the build up to that fateful day. Here I'm still wading slowly into new waters.

The very beginning:

We were just hanging out one day when we had a conversation that would change so much and lead us down a long winding path of experimentation and growth. It all started when Steve mentioned to me that we could make some money filming solo masturbation videos, ones where we just had to make sure we got a good money shot and we didn't even have to show our faces.

It took a while before I agreed to do it. The idea of someone else watching me jerk off just seemed way out there for someone with my conservative upbringing, but I finally relented. The plan was for Steve to man the camera while I did my stuff. He always had some porn on the TV for me so I wouldn't have any problem getting off and it was always just what I liked.

The videos always started with some girl on girl action, followed by a great blowjob and finishing with some closeup sex. My favorite was watching closeup as a guy pushed his fat cock slowly into a pussy our tight ass, even better when it was double penetration. There's just something about watching a girl taking a cock deep inside.

I still remember the first day we filmed. Steve had laid a towel, folded in half on the floor in front of where I sat on the futon. The futon was up so I could relax back against the back comfortably but still be able to sit up to shoot my load away from myself and toward the camera. I was watching the video, totally into it and the pleasure and I didn't take that long at all.

Steve thought everything was setup perfectly but I surprised him when my first spurt shot past the towel and onto the carpet that it was supposed to be protecting. The rest of the shots landed much closer and staid on the towel.

Once I was finished and he had stopped the camera, he hurried to take the towel and wipe up the carpet as best he could for the time being. While he was cleaning up he said, "Dang! You shoot far!"

It was kind of an awkward moment but it's always stuck with me.

There came a point where it was obvious that I was totally comfortable with this setup because I had almost completely stopped getting off at home. The only times I really did was when we couldn't make a video when I was ready. Whenever I started to get the urge I would just call to make sure Steve was home and then head over to take care of business in his room.

Phase 2:

One day I headed over without calling ahead because I already knew Steve was home. I got into his room, started up a video to watch and started to get ready to film when he stopped me, "We can't film right now. We're all out of tapes for the camera."

I was a bit disappointed and he could see it on my face. After a short pause he looked up. "Everything is already setup. You can still watch a video and do it if you want. It's not like I haven't seen it enough already."

In the state that I was in at the moment I didn't even think before I agreed, "Yea, might as well. I'm already half hard. I don't want to have to go get off at home now."

With all of the times spent filming in front of Steve before it seemed like just another day. The video was rolling on the tv and I was sitting comfortably so I got naked and took my hardening cock in my hand and got myself off. For some reason I liked to be completely naked when I touched myself. I think it just heightened the experience. It's still my favorite way but it doesn't always work out.

I didn't really think about it during the act but it got a little awkward for me afterward when he handed me the washrag to clean myself. When I started to get dressed it hit me that I was just jerking off in another guy's room while he just hung out and we talked a little bit.

That awkward feeling kind of hung with me so I kept to myself for a little while, but eventually I got really horny and headed back over to Steve's house again. I really wanted to get off and his place was the best place to do it, especially if I could get paid for it. Well, this time was another step further in our odd friendship because I realized when I got there that I really wasn't in the mood to go through all the work and "acting" that goes into making a video.

So, nervous as hell, I asked him, "Do you mind if I just watch a video and touch myself? I'm super horny and I don't feel like making a video."

"Of course man. Any time," and with a chuckle, "You've come a long way out of your shell now haven't you?!"

That was the first time that I had ever been so bold about anything sexual. I was totally horny and I was okay with someone watching me as long as I could shoot a load.

That time was an especially quick one. I was already super horny when I got there and then the excitement of the exhibitionism just sent it to another level. It was one thing to get off on camera and even the day that I first did it without the camera seemed okay. This was me actually choosing, on my own, to do something kinky and it was exciting.

I went home that night both shocked at myself and proud of my big step forward in my sexual exploration. After that night we went back to knocking out a bunch of videos. The paying company had some requests and there was some demand so we did our best to meet the needs.

Phase 3:

After a steady stream of "work" things finally slowed down for filming but my libido stayed in high gear. One day I decided, even before heading over to Steve's house, that I just wanted to get off and I wanted to do it with the setup at his house. Realizing that I was totally okay with that I just went for it.

From then on, it didn't matter if there was any filming to do, I still went to Steve's every time I felt horny, sometimes I even went every day for a week straight or more. Each time one of us would put on a video, then we would talk as I stripped and started touching myself. With some of the excitement of the new thing dimmed it would often take longer, sometimes quite a bit longer, but that was okay.

We would just talk while I stroked myself and we eventually stopped trying to pretend the other one wasn't sitting there. We'd actually face each other and make eye contact like we would in any other normal conversation. I came to love those times and it got to the point where any time he saw me on my way over he'd get a video ready, and every time I went to his house, regardless of the time of day I'd get naked shortly after his door closed.

I had even taken to starting off stroking without lube so I could relax and play longer, and for most of the session I wouldn't even pay attention to the tv. Just the act of being naked and touching myself in front of someone else was plenty of stimulation.

Like any good friends we didn't always have something to say and we were okay with that comfortable silence. The biggest step came when we had our first extended comfortable silence in his room while I was stroking. One day we just sat there, me enjoying my cock and him sitting there watching, not focusing on anything else. It was an amazing feeling, euphoric even, sharing that level of comfort with someone else in such an intimate situation, one where I was completely vulnerable.

I'm not sure how long the silence lasted but, looking back, it should've been obvious that he was paying close attention through the whole gap in the conversation. I was too busy to register his quiet words of encouragement when I started caressing my balls with my left hand or whenever I varied how I worked my hard cock. He finally spoke up louder just as my balls pulled up to my body, "There you go. It's almost here."

At the time I was just interested in getting off and my impending orgasm was coming on strong. All I could think of was my intense pleasure when I blurted out, "Fuck yes it is!", right before my hips started to buck and my cock started to pulsate.

My cock throbbed in my hand and ropes of cum flowed out. I didn't shoot far but I erupted over and over as thick, heavy loads poured out. The first blasts shot up, only to come back to land all over my cock and balls. I became lubricated with cum and, as I continued to stroke the sloppy wet sounds of my masturbation filled the room.

I continued to throb but my cum poured out slower, now in steady, creamy streams. It flowed down my cock and over my hand before continuing on, rolling down past my balls and in between my legs. Steve just sat there, shocked (maybe enthralled?), as he watched my cum find its way down until it finally fell heavily to the floor.

As my climax subsided I leaned back in the chair and continued to stroke myself slowly with my right hand, milking myself of every last drop as I rubbed with my left, gently massaging as I smeared the cum all around my balls and deep between my legs. Even after I was empty I continued to stroke and caress softly as I came down from the sexual high, careful to avoid too much contact with the ultra-sensitive underside of the tip.

I can remember sitting like that for a while, completely relaxed and content, as I finally softened ever so slowly. As vivid as that all still is in my mind, I can't remember the details of anything after, but really why would I.

Still, to this day, I send Steve pictures and videos of myself getting off just to remember those times. He doesn't say anything about them but I hope he still likes to watch, because I still really like to share my naked body.

Eventually, the need for porn went away when we filmed. The excitement of shooting a load for other people to watch was more than enough to get me going, but we always turned it on anyway. It made it a little less awkward for me to be getting off in front of someone with something else to supposedly focus on. I think it put my mind at ease having some apparent stimulus so it didn't look like I was just getting off for another man.

Phase 4:

This pattern went on for a little while before Steve came to me with an additional request, one that he had to know I would be very nervous about. I could tell from the shakiness in his voice that he was nervous to even bring it up.

Stammering, he started very slowly, "Apparently the videos that we are shooting are in one of the lowest tiers for payment. We could bring in a lot more money if there were multiple people involved in the action." With that, he paused to kind of compose himself and look to see my reaction so far.

My initial feeling was a mix of excitement and a huge fear of performing with another person. All I was able to do was stare back at Steve with what I'm assuming was a stunned expression. I could feel the heat rising, especially in my face and ears.

All I could manage was, "With who?" I had thought that Steve was shaky, but it paled in comparison to my own feeling and the sound of my voice.

This is where I imagine that the real discomfort and nerves came into play for Steve, probably even surpassing my own.

He took a deep breath, presumably to steel himself for what came next, "There are both positive and negative parts to this situation. The negative...finding a woman to join our little enterprise is going to be VERY difficult. It's going to take some time."

I've never been able to hide my emotions well. It has helped me to build trust with people because it's clear I'm not bullshitting them, but it also makes it way too easy for people to read me when I'd rather they didn't. This instance was no exception. Steve never looked away so I know he could read my expressions and see the relief, and then the emotion that he was hoping for...disappointment.

He now knew that the information to this point had piqued my interest so it was safe to press on. And press on he did, not wanting to pause and lose his nerve, "Now for the positives. There are two. First, adding another person will more than double the money that you get, so I think it's definitely worth pursuing if you are up for it. The only problem is that we'll just have to be patient and be on the lookout for the right woman that we think will be interested. I'm not sure how long that is going to take."

He paused to let all of that sink in. I was all good up until this point. The idea of increasing my cash flow was helping to calm my nerves. It was just too bad that we were going to have to wait for who knows how long. Not too long after he stopped I tentatively asked, "And the second positive?"

"This one actually has two parts. You could actually triple your pay if you're up for something a little different, a slightly different video category." It's finally come to a head, the real reason that Steve has been so nervous. "We don't wait to find a woman."

In that moment, I felt like my eyes were about to pop out of my head. "What do you mean, find some guy to film with?! Is that what you're suggesting?" My nerves and resistance slammed back into me full force.

He was clearly expecting that kind of reaction because he immediately jumped back in, "It's okay if you don't want to do it. It's just another option, and there is nothing stopping us from continuing to make the videos that we have been up until now."

Seeing that he wasn't pressuring me to agree to that was a relief. I hadn't even realized how tightly wound I was until I felt my shoulders and chest settle back down.

He was completely calm and reassuring, but Steve wasn't quite done with this idea yet, "If it makes you feel better about the idea, I could be the second person."

My eyes were wide with the shock of that offer, but he calmly carried on with trying to make me feel at ease, "It wouldn't be anything crazy, just a handjob for the camera. I could even stay where you couldn't really see me, other than my hand reaching in to stroke you."

Steve must've spent some serious time working all of this out beforehand because I was still sitting there on the side of his bed and he was in a chair across from me, trying to read my reaction from the look on my face. I suppose it was a good sign (to him) that I hadn't bolted from his house, or even out and out declined this crazy option that he just proposed.

All I could mutter in response was, "Wow." I still hadn't responded to anything he had laid out to this point.

With a small smile Steve said, "Yea, that's a fair response."

At this point I had recovered from the initial shock but the extent of what was put out there had not even begun to settle in. I could sense the huge elephant in the room and I knew there was no way that I was going to film anything that day, "I'm going to need some time to digest all of this. I'm going to go grab some food and head home."

Steve was a little bit nervous, "You alright?"

Just talking had me settled a bit, so it was not a stretch when I responded, "Yea, I'm good. Just got some thinking to do about this. My mind is reeling so I think filming is out of the question for today," and with an honest chuckle, I flashed him my soft, shrunken package before turning to head for the door. "I'll talk to you tomorrow."

I think the joke put him at ease since he laughed easily too, "Alright, put that away before you go outside."

Not surprisingly, when I tried to go to sleep I found myself wide eyed, staring at the ceiling. My brain was in overdrive so sleep wasn't coming anytime soon. I clearly needed to make a decision about this, and soon, or I'd be losing a lot of sleep. I decided I'd go with my old standby relaxation method in hopes that it would help me get some sleep.

I stripped naked and settled onto my back under the sheets before reaching down to run both hands up the insides of my thighs to my balls. I did this over and over, each time spending a few seconds lightly grazing my balls with my fingers before sliding my hands back down. My manhood was still soft, laying on my smooth stomach.

I continued caressing myself, eventually leaving my right hand on my thigh while focusing fully on my balls with the left. I have always loved light touch all around my balls. Gradually I could feel my mind settling down as I just focused on the gentle pleasure that I was feeling. I took my soft cock into my right hand and held it, not looking for anything more, just enveloping it with a soft hand.

Most of the time I would just drift off to sleep like this but sometimes my hand would fill and I knew I would need to do more. I was more than half asleep when I realized that this was one of those times. I could've chosen to leave things be and let myself drift off the rest of the way but I was already starting to get a little horny so I decided to finish the job.

Wanting to feel the air on my balls I push the bottom half of the sheet off me to expose my body from the waist down. The air felt nice and I could see my growing cock in my hand. I returned to caressing my balls and then began to stroke myself as well. I was growing harder by the second and I let my mind wander as I stroked my cock.

You can imagine where it finally went after the events of the day. Looking down I could only see a portion of my arm and my hand stroking my cock. The rest was still under the sheet. I felt a jolt as the sight made me think of another strong, masculine hand stroking it for me...Steve's hand.

The surprising part was not that I thought of it. Given the events of the day who could blame me. Rather, the fact that I was still hard as a rock and getting closer to cumming was what hit me.

I had just come to my decision. I was going to get paid to have someone else give me a handjob, and I was actually okay with it being Steve.

That settled, I returned my focus to my cock and balls, determined to shoot a big load as soon as possible. I still had the vision of Steve's hand reaching from the sheet to stroke my rockhard pole and I was totally okay with it now. He stroked me just the way I liked while I continued to caress my balls.

It didn't take long until I could feel my balls pull up tight to my body and my shaft straining for release. After a few more pumps I started to twitch, pulsing in his hand, and finally shooting rope after rope onto my naked chest, reaching all of the way up to my neck and even lightly splashing my chin.

Spasms wracked my body as my orgasm took over all my thoughts. Finally they subsided and I was able to relax as my cock softened in my hand. I finally took my left hand from my balls and moved it to trace my fingers in the cum on my chest and stomach, smearing it around as I played with it. I only laid there for a few more moments before wiping my fingers off on my stomach and reaching for my phone. I wanted to make this call before I lost my nerve.

The phone only rang once before Steve answered, "What's up?"

Without hesitating I blurted out, sure that he would know what I was referring to, "I'm in!"

I wasn't wrong. He didn't miss a beat, "Well, I guess I'm going to have to prepare myself for something new! When do you want to start?"

I took a deep breath and let it rush back out. With that, it was out there. I had already come to accept that we were going to do this. I was going to let Steve jerk me off on camera and get paid for it.

"Tomorrow evening? I can eat and take a shower after work and head over to your place if that works. Hopefully I won't freak out too much thinking about it all day." My nerves had started to come back already.

Always trying to keep things going smoothly Steve had a suggestion, "Why don't we fire one off right now? You'll be able to sleep well tonight and work tomorrow without worrying about what might happen when we meet up."

I don't know why I always felt, and still feel, embarrassed to admit doing what we all do but I couldn't bring myself to admit it so I just muttered, "I don't know. With all the anxiety, I might not be the best performer right now. Things might take a while to finish."
