 This true account of the activities of a mature 50'ish guy continues from my first time at a bathhouse entitled The Making of a Real Bathhouse Slut.

As I drove home from the bathhouse the first week I had a hundred different things going through my head, one of which was guilt. I quickly realized that after years of no sex with my wife there was really nothing to be guilty of so I was able to disregard that feeling rather quickly. I then started thinking that maybe I shouldn't do that again, my asshole was starting to hurt from the pounding it had just received from Hank and my mouth tasted like his cock big time. That was Tuesday and by Thursday at work all I could think about was sucking off Hank again and taking his load down my throat. 

I decided it would be smart to buy a bigger butt plug than I had which meant it would be a large size, we've all seen the trainer kits that have three sizes and what I'm talking about is the largest size. Holding it in my hand I quickly realized it was MUCH bigger and that I was going to have to ease in to it. I started by wearing the medium plug I had, I slept all night with it in and wore it most of the day (this was tricky to do at work). After working with my dildo and medium plug I was finally able to fit the large plug in my ass by Saturday. Leaving it in 30-60 minutes at a time through the next few days, I managed to sleep with it in Monday night. At the same time I was practicing deep throating on my dildo. Although I think Hank was pleased with my performance, I wanted to improve my oral skills and my hole was very sore after his first fucking and I did not want a repeat of that.

Hank mentioned to me the week before that he prefers hairless white boys so I shaved my legs, chest and back. I also took time to shave my ass and hole very well again, I felt like a total bitch after I did this and it was very erotic. Even though I wanted to cum many times that week I held off because I wanted to be as horny as possible when I went back. 

I wore that huge plug all night and most of Tuesday morning, I popped it out and put my medium plug back in and got ready to go. I put on a T and gym shorts, no underwear and flip flops. I drove down in the city and pulled in to the parking lot. Before getting out I once again got very high on some weed which put me in the mood to get very nasty. All I could think about was cock as I went in and got my locker. Stripping naked, I pulled-out my plug. Put my towel around me and I set off to find Hank. It was noon and I needed his big cock in the worst way.

I searched the video room, glanced in the gloryhole room, went by the whirlpool and finally saw him and another guy heading into the dry sauna. I caught his eye and he smiled real big at me, motioning me to follow them in. It's crazy but I immediately started getting hard. When I walked in Hank told me to sit between them on an elevated bench made out of wood. We were the only ones in there and before I did he told me to lose my towel, when I hung it up and kicked-off my flip flops of course I was completely naked.

He introduced his friend as BC and told me to turn around slowly showing off my ass and hairless body. By the time I faced them again I was hard as a rock. BC said wow looks like your boy is already ready! Hank motioned for me to come up and sit between them, as I did they scooted away just enough for me to squeeze in between them. They both had their towels around themselves as I sat naked and hard between them.

BC is a black man, slim, about 6 foot, bald, he's 64 and muscular. He told me he loves white boys but usually goes for much younger ones than me. He said I was a little hottie and that Hank had been telling him all about me. We talked all together for about 10 minutes mainly Hank asking me about how I liked sucking his cock last time and if I thought much about it this past week. I told him that's all I could think about and they both laughed. Hank stood up and dropped his towel and put his big dick in my face. He told me I could get a little taste and I took it in my mouth, it was huge and filled my entire mouth and down my throat and he was only starting to harden up. It tasted so damn good, I sucked it like it was the best thing I ever tasted and licked his balls as he offered them to me.

At the same time BC stood up and dropped his towel. He had a very nice dick it was not nearly as thick as Hanks but still twice my size. He asked me if I wanted to taste his and of course I said yes. He said good but not here let's head for the gloryhole. He wrapped his towel around himself as did Hank. We got up and Hank told me he'd get my stuff and to follow BC. So once again like last week I was led in to the public area naked and hard, with BC holding my hand. We had lots of people watching us as we went in to the room, he headed up the elevated floor and I went to the givers side. I watched him as he stopped and his big black dick appeared in the hole. 

He was already mostly hard as I stepped up and took his shaft in my mouth. The head of his dick was very big and I payed a lot of attention to it rolling it around in my mouth and toungueing it. The taste of his cock was equally as good as Hanks and he seemed about 7 inches long. As I was sucking BCs big cock Hank came up behind me and started telling me what a little cock whore I was. He ordered me not to touch myself as I sucked and licked BCs cock and balls. Hank started fingering my hole and I began to get lost in it all. Hank easily put 3 fingers in me and then went to 4. BC asked me if I was ready to get fucked and I shook my head yes. BC withdrew his gorgeous cock from the hole and walked away and Hank guided me to a leather sling hanging from 4 hooks.

I had read about these but this was first time I had actually looked at one close. It was adjustable in height and had a support for my head as well. I hopped in it and Hank had me put my legs up and wrap them around the chains the sling hung from. It hung slightly down hill towards my head and as a result completely exposed my wide open hole. Hank came around towards my head and offered me his big black cock. Right away I noticed how much thicker it was then BC's dick. I licked and sucked his head like there was no tomorrow and he started pushing his shaft down my throat. 

BC was no where to be found but I was having fun tasting Hanks cock and huge low hanging nut sack. I did not notice when BC returned, he had what turned out to be codoms and lube in his hand and mentioned his boy was on his way. Almost immediately I felt his big dick head pushing against the entrance of my ass, I was really getting in to sucking Hanks cock when BC worked it in easily and with a couple of nice slow pumps was balls deep in. Now I was in heaven again I was so damn horny and hard as I could possibly be. Hanks cock tasted like heaven and BC's dick felt like it too. 

Both of them worked me over real good for a good ten minutes before Hank raised his leg over my head straddling my face. I opened my mouth as far as I could and Hank slipped his balls in one at a time. My mouth was completely full of his sack, I could not had gotten anything else in if my life depended on it. I pleasured his balls for a while with Hanks log of a cock laying on my face. BC was starting to fuck me faster and I heard another guy's voice talking. 

Hank pulled his sack out of my mouth and moved forward over my mouth so that his ass hole rode my lips. I immediately started tongueing his hole and licking his crack. At the same time BC was fucking me very hard and very fast, I was going crazy I could feel the cum building up pressure inside my dick and I was ready to bust. Just then a hot mouth enveloped my dick and started sucking me up and down up and down. I lasted all of 15 secounds and blew a huge load into the strangers mouth. BC fucking with fiery finally came and grabbed my hips calling me a fucking little whore. Hank was still riding my face with his ass and stroking his big cock with his back to the other two.

BC withdrew from my ass and must have took his rubber off and let it pour on me because I soon felt a warm glob of cum all over my cock and balls as it ran down my ass into my hole. Hank then lifted his leg back over and walked back to my ass. I could see his massive frame and the huge shaft that reached out from his body. I wanted it and his balls, I swear looked like they belonged to a bull that was full of cum. The other two were no where to be found and Hank began to put on a condom. I knew of course I was about to be fucked by his back dick and I was ready. 

Hank was fully erect and his cock was throbbing as he entered me, it is always a shock to have his cock in me at first and I groaned as he started working it. He was not gentle at all, he stood still and pushed the sling forward as it rocked back and let my body do the work. Each time he did this his shaft went deeper into me until at last he was completely in. Feeling his balls was awesome, and I was so glad that I had trained with that large butt plug because it allowed him access quickly and my pleasure was immediate. 

Hank then started fucking me by pushing the sling back and forth with slow, long, deliberate and hard movements with all of them going balls deep. I started gasping as he continued this for a good while. Another guy was standing near by watching and jacking off egging Hank on to fuck me hard. He must have been listening because Hank started to really fuck me hard and fast, his balls slapping against my ass making a smacking sound. I was groaning big time and Hank was telling me how I was his little slut forever, he owned my ass and that I will suck his cock anywhere and anytime he said, I was mumbling yes, yes. 

He finally shot his huge load, it usually takes him over 30 seconds to complete his orgasms and this was over that. He filled the condom with a massive amount of cum, pulling it off his cock he walked over next to my head. He told me to open my mouth and as I did he pushed the condom inside out dumping the large load into my mouth and down my throat. I sucked on Hanks fingers and condom being sure to get it all. 

It's a funny thing, after I cum I normally take quite a while to get horny, to want to swallow cum but with Hank and at a bathhouse it's immediate, there is so much cock everywhere it's just crazy. That's when I knew there would be no going back, that what I thought might happen had happened. What I mean is I had become a bathhouse slut, I was made into one in just 2 visits and I knew I would become a regular guest in cock land!

As I remember we decided to get a quick shower, I was glad to do this with BC's cum all over my cock and balls and dripping off. We showered and when Hank went over and pissed in the urinal I watched his big cock shoot a big stream of golden piss out for a good minute. He didn't know it at the time but I have a major fetish for golden showers and I was dreaming about him completely soaking me with his hot piss, I hardened some with just the thought and vision. When he finished we both dried off and wrapped ourselves in our towels and headed for the lounge for something cold to drink and a quick snack. 

When we got in there BC and his boy were there as well. We wandered over and BC introduced his boy to us, his name was Darren. Darren is a white boy, hairless like me, young 20's, cute and fit. He looked to be around 5'10 and average weight, I hadn't seen his cock yet but later on I found out it was a little thicker than mine and about 6 inches long with a real deep purple head and shaved balls. His ball sack was much tighter than mine but he hadn't been stretching his balls like I had for many years. 

We all four had a general conversation about things as I recall for quite sometime while refreshing ourselves with cold drinks and snacks. Turns out that BC and Hank met each other at the club about a year earlier while tag teaming a young twink that wanted some big cock. They had been friends ever since and liked to share their boys with each other. BC was a retired factory worker and Darren was from Chicago and going to college locally on a soccer scholarship. 

BC remarked in a stern way to Darren that he was late and that he said he'd be at the club at noon and was an hour late. Darren started to make an excuse and BC said never mind you know I'm going to spank your bare ass hard for that. Darren immediately shut up and looked down, I immediately felt my cock stir. Eventually Hank suggested we head for the dry sauna again and relax, I figured I would get a good look at Darren's cock and maybe more so I was all about that!

We walked into the sauna and it seemed hot as hell and we started sweating quickly. Darren and I were told to hang our towels up as the two dominates kept theirs on. They sat down on the wooden benches and told us to get our hot little asses between them. Darren and I sat naked next to each other and I quickly eyed up his nice little cock which was getting harder by the second. Hank mentioned to me that I owed Darren some oral since he did me earlier. I agreed and Darren told me I was welcome to his dick and that he enjoyed swallowing my load when I was on the sling.

It didn't take me long to get between his legs and discover how awesome his purple head and shaft tasted. I was able to deep throat him as he laid back and gave me full access to his cock and balls. I worked his ball sack over good licking and sucking it and worked his shaft up and down with my mouth. I was loving every second and the next thing I know Darren blew his load in my mouth and I greedily swallowed every bit. I did not know it but that was first time he had cum that day as he told afterwards thanking me. His cum tasted young and fresh just like his dick and I very much enjoyed satisfying him.

After that Hank and BC agreed they were ready for some fucking and hearded us off down the public hallways towards Hanks room he rented. With Hank leading the way wrapped in a towel and Darren and I naked between the two, once again very much evident the black studs were taking their white boys into the room to have their way with them. I was getting used to being paraded around like a little cock whore and very much enjoyed it and still do. I love to be humiliated by Hank in front of other guys and to demonstrate my submissiveness to him by doing whatever he wants, wherever he chooses.

We got into the room, it had a single twin bed with a fitted sheet on the mattress, no head board and a single chair by the locker. BC went straight to the chair and had a seat summoning Darren over. He told Darren to bend over his kness exposing his bare ass. BC said it's time for some punishment and started spanking him very hard. The smacks were loud as Darren cried out with each smack. When BC got to 10, he told Darren to start counting and Darren pleaded with him to stop. Darren's ass was very red and BC started spanking him again with his bare open hand. Darren cried out 11, 12 and so on until BC finally stopped at 20, with Darren breathing rapidly almost in tears. When he let Darren up, Darren was very hard and BC remarked I knew you'd like that you little slut. I was stunned and very excited as both the big cocked dominates looked at me and I was also hard as could be.

Hank smiled at me and said your turn, he led me to the chair and sat down. He yanked me over his knees and his his powerful huge hand came down with one hell of a force. The pain was immediate and shocking as I let out a scream, he told me to shut up and take it as he continued to spank my bare ass. By the time he got to 10 I was trying to get away and begging him to stop. He laughed and said oh no, if BCs boy can take 20 so can mine. He told me to start counting and smacked my ass hard, the extreme stinging was intense and with each smack my ass began to numb somewhat. By the time he got to 20 I had given up on resistance and just took it. I was very aroused and could feel the cum in my urethra building pressure.

He had me get up and Darren and I compared asses for them, we both were beet red from our spankings and both very hard. Hank went over and scooted the bed away from the wall to the center of the room so it could be approached from all 4 sides. They then had us get on the bed kneeling on all fours ass to ass. Hank put his big dick in front of my face and so did BC in front of Darren's face. We both hungrily started sucking their beautiful big black cocks. God I was hungry for his cock that day, the taste of Hanks cock never ceases to amaze me. I suck his cock a lot now, probably every week but I can not recall when I had ever wanted it more than that day. I was doing my best to deep throat that log, taking breaks to lick the length down to his huge bull balls. When I would get down far enough I would flick my tongue into his asshole as well.

The guys then had us face the opposite way face to face along the length of the bed with our asses in the air. I could see BC putting on a condom and I assumed Hank was doing the same. Soon enough I felt Hank lubing my hole as he stuck 4 fingers in me loosening me a bit. I was staring straight at Darren's face when BC put his big cock in him, he wasn't gentle just deliberately started fucking him. Darren's expression changed and his mouth gapped as he started whining and groaning. All of a sudden Hanks big cock entered me and it was by no means gentle either, he is absolutely huge but by now I was use to it from the fucking earlier on the sling.

Darren and I stared at each other in pure ecstasy as our asses got fucked over and over. I reached out kissed Darren and we tongued each other with passion as the men fucked us every way imaginable talking about what little white bitches we were. Darren and I just kept making out and after a while Hank withdrew from my ass. Suddenly Hanks big naked cock parted our lips as he stood on the side of the bed. He was pumping his cock in out between our mouths holding both our heads steady when he blew a huge load of cum all over. Darren and I fighting to get as much as we could in our mouths, it was at least 10 large streams of cum and it hung off our chins by the time he was done.

Not to be out done BC decided to do the same, his cock was equally as delicious as Darren and I took care of it. We sucked and toungued his head and licked his shaft until he blew his load. It spurted out delicious cum as Darren and I both went after it, trying to eat as much as possible. After BC backed away we didn't wait for orders as Darren and I went at each other and quickly ended up in a 69 sucking each other's dick.

I was oblivious to everything around me except Darren's cock, I devoured it. Soon enough however I blew my load and as he swallowed it up he shot off too. Both us gulped each other's cum down as the men agreed to themselves we were definitely hot little cock sluts. Once again I knew I was a cock slut for life, there was no going back and I was very excited about it. I was excited too because I knew there were lots of things I would soon experience for the first time that some would consider perverted and extreme.

We headed for the showers and said our good byes after that. It was almost 5pm and I was pretty spent. Hank mentioned to me to wait for him in the parking lot, he wanted to talk. He wanted to exchange emails and phone numbers and to let me know how great I did. He asked me if I enjoyed the spanking and of course I said I did. When I met him in the lot he told me he wanted me to come over to his house so he could show me more about pain and pleasure and told me he loved to play master/slave games. I said I would be very interested and that there were many kinky things I wanted to experience like bondage, spankings, crossdressing, golden showers, etc. he was very pleased and assured me there would be that and much more in the days to come.
