 Hallenbad is the German word for indoor swimming pool. This hallenbad is also equipped with a bar, hot tubs, saunas and showers. I like going there after a long day of work where I can exercise by swimming a few laps, practice diving and then head to the bar for a beer. When I have a beer or two after some laps and diving, I like to people watch and see if there are any potential fuck buddies. This particular evening the geriatric crowd was in full force and no sweet young babes or twinks to hit on. 

I swallowed the last of my second beer when I caught an older gent staring at me. At first I played it cool and stared straight ahead, pretending not to notice him. When I thought the coast was clear, I turned in his direction and saw he was still looking at me. I didn't turn away and stared at him, but his gaze at me was intense and I felt a twinge in my speedos as our eyes continued staring each other. I quickly looked away and felt flush in my cheeks, embarrassed that this older guy just stared me down and won!

I raised my glass again but only a bit of foam drained from it and I felt like an ass, pretending I had more beer to drink while trying not to look rattled. I got up from my stool and headed back into the pool. I wanted to look back and see if he was still staring at me but I didn't. I submerged under water and using my feet pushed off the wall and swam ahead until my lungs were about to burst. When I broke through, I turned around and saw he was no longer sitting on his stool. I figured he left. I re-submerged and headed back in the direction where I came from kicking hard with my legs, trying to reach the wall. Just as I was about to reach the wall when a splurge of bubbles appeared before me, followed by two feet, legs and a swimsuit.

I slowed down as much as I could, before I could stop, my mouth and nose were face to face with his cock and balls. I quickly shot up out of the water gasping for air and ready to berate the owner of the feet, legs and crotch, when I realized it was the older gent from the bar. He stood there with a small grin and a look of disdain. I was standing in front of him, gawking and speechless. I finally muttered in German for him to excuse me! I swiftly moved around him to climb the wall and wouldn't you know it, my foot slipped! I know he was watching me and I didn't even have to look back.

I went to my small locker pulled my speedos off, tossed them in the wall locker in exchange for my towel. I tossed my towel over my shoulder and entered the sauna. I laid my towel length wise on a lower tier and sat on it for a minute. I needed to relax, that old bastard had me rattled and I didn't understand why. I know I have a weakness for older guys but this was surreal. I lay on my back and closed my eyes and started to doze off.

A rush of cold air woke me and I opened my eyes staring at the ceiling of the sauna. I heard the door close and the heat return over my body. My eyes started to close again when I heard the creaking of the wooden boards under the footsteps of the person who entered. More creaking as the unknown person was positioning himself opposite of where I lay. Then as he settled down, I felt that familiar feeling of being stared at. I lay there frozen in both fear and excitement. I didn't know if it was the old bastard from the bar and pool or if it was someone else. I heard a small grunt come from my sauna companion but still I didn't dare look to see who emitted the sound. After what seemed like an eternity, I finally glanced over to see who was in the sauna with me. Attempting to look as if I was turning over, I saw him and there he sat, naked like me. Thankfully his eyes were closed as I stared at him.

Full head of grey hair that matched his hairy chest and beer belly. His pubic hair was also snow white but I couldn't see his cock and balls but as if on cue, he opened his legs, but not his eyes. He had a gorgeously thick, uncut cock that sat atop his very round and hairy balls. I couldn't stop staring at his thick meat stick protruding from his hairy crotch. I felt a stir in my own crotch as I started getting hard. 

Suddenly, without warning, he opened his eyes, giving me that hard stare as if I got caught with my hand in the cookie jar. I gulped hard and felt paralyzed by his powerful stare. He leaned forward and I thought he was going to invite me for a closer look and more! A smile grew on my lips when he yanked his towel over his lap, covering himself. I felt stupid and dirty. I quickly got up and exited the sauna but before the door closed, I thought I heard a sinister chuckle escape from his lips. 

The hot water cascading over my body felt good and relaxing, but I just wanted to wash up and get out of there before I saw him again and make a bigger ass of myself than I already had. I rinsed the shampoo from my hair when I heard the familiar sound of the curtain rings slide across the metal bar. 

"Fuck him," I thought to myself. I'm just going to shower and then get out of Dodge quickly and not even acknowledge him when I leave. Damn the hot water felt so good that after thoroughly rinsing my hair, I stood there with my arms down the side of my body. Then it happened, I smelled his beer breath mixed with a hint of cigarette.

"Excuse me please," he mumbled. 

I heard him but acted as if I didn't. Then I felt his flaccid but fat cock against my hand and he repeated the same statement. I could feel my cock start to rise again and fought hard for it not too. 

I pulled my head back from the water which now was splashing on my chest, "Excuse me?" I asked. He leaned in closer and now I could feel the heat from his thick dong on the back of my hand.

"May I borrow some shampoo? I seem to have forgotten mine." He was staring at me but this time with a softer gaze. I leaned into him wanting him to know that I felt his cock against my hand, he didn't budge and inch.

"Shampoo? Sure let me get it for you." 

He grinned at me when I turned my back to him and bent over to reach my bottle. I lewdly raised my ass towards him more than necessary, making sure he got a nice glimpse of my butthole and round, firm ass. I took my time grabbing my bottle before I slowly stood upright again. His hand was out for me to pour some shampoo into it. He nodded his head, signaling for me to stop pouring and without a word he turned and walked back to his shower head. That recognizable feeling of being a back end of a mule overcame me once more.

I poured some liquid body wash into my hands and soaped up my body washing the chlorine away. I stood one final time under the water as I did before when he was standing next to me again. His fat cock was against the back of my hand once more but this time it felt bigger.

"I beg your pardon once more," he whispered.

Once again I ignored him and once again, he repeated his statement but this time he leaned into me with his hand on my shoulder. I turned my head as the water poured on my head then I leaned in closer and felt his cock against my own. My knees buckled a bit.

"More shampoo?" I asked.

He shook his head, leaned his face in and asked for body wash. I moved in closer to him and felt our cocks twitch at the same time and asked him what he wanted. His lips were next to my ear when he asked again. I nodded in understanding and slowly turned brushing against his wet, hairy body. I bent forward again with my ass high in the air but this time against his crotch. I could feel the broad shaft of his dick pressed against my ass cheeks, the tip of his uncut meat stick on my balls.

I pretended to fumble and let the bottle slip from my hands. He leaned even harder against me and asked if I needed help. I shook my head and dropped to my knees, reached for the bottle of body wash. I turned around, still on my knees and poured some soap into my hands and reached up to his thickening cock. 

He stood there as I began massaging the liquid soap on his cock and huge balls. He had a gorgeous erection as I worked the soap. Tugging him gently, firmly, quickly then slowly again and again. He liked what I was doing as he groaned in delight. The water rinsed his cock before I gently pulled back his foreskin and took him into my mouth. His meaty hand cupped the back of my head encouraging me to gobble more of his thick dick. I eagerly obliged him.

He started thrusting against my face and I could feel his bulbous head hitting the back of my throat. I firmly grabbed the base of his cock, pulled back and looked up at him and said, "Fuck my mouth!"

He catered to me as he gripped the back of my head with both of his hands. He started slamming his cock hard into my mouth. I placed a hand on each side of his hips as he face fucked me. He found the sweet spot and the head and a good portion of his cock founds its way down my throat. I gagged a bit and tears started to form. I pulled back just enough to gasp a breath when he quickly slammed his cock back into my throat, he grinded his body against my face.

I placed a hand on his belly, signaling him I wanted him to pull back. He ignored me and held my head firm! I felt his cock slowly creep out of my throat and then quickly back down again. He started fucking my face again but not as hard as before. I reached up and grabbed his wrists and he let me pull them off my head. I continued to bob up and down on his cock, hands free. His thrusts met with the motion of my head and then I deep throated him. His knees went weak and I clamped onto his saggy ass cheeks. I pulled back a bit and deep throated him again, I could feel his hairy balls on my chin.

My mouth slowly slid off his cock and then I deep throated him again, this time sliding my tongue out to lick his balls. He groaned out loudly. I freed my hand from his ass cheek and reached around and held the base of his cock. Pulling my mouth back, tongue still out I licked his thick under vein until I reached the head of his cock. I swirled my tongue over the entire head then slid my lips down along the underside of his shaft. Balls! Big, hairy, wet balls!

I eagerly mouthed them wanting both in my mouth at the same time, but they were enormous! I felt his slippery cock on my face as I sucked, licked and lapped his balls. His started cumming. His hand grabbed the thick shaft and he aimed the head of his cock towards my open slut mouth. Glob after thick glob shot from the tip of his cock, filling my mouth, decorating my face and spilling onto the shower floor.

I loved every gooey drop of semen that spurted from his cock into and onto me. When he was done, true to form, he turned and walked away without saying a word. I watched him exit the shower area but this time I felt like a slut and a whore, this time I was extremely happy and satisfied!