 I needed to get away for a few days, so I decided to book a cruise. I figured that would be a great way to escape the problems of the real world, and I would be able to relax for a fun-filled seven days and get to visit some great destinations and do some things that I hadn't been able to do before. And who knows, I figured, I might be able to meet someone new. I had never been on a cruise before, so I wasn't sure what to expect. 

I did know that the first night of the cruise was Halloween, and that there would be a Halloween dance that first night. I went out and bought a toga outfit.

When it came time for the party on the ship, I found out that the toga resembled a cross between a white t-shirt and a hospital gown. Well, it seemed to be made out of thin hospital-gown material and a very wide neck, but at least the toga was completely enclosed so I didn't have my behind sticking out from it. The toga also only came down as far as about half way to my knee, and that was when I was standing up. I felt like I was practically wearing a miniskirt, and when I went to sit down, I had to be careful so as to not let people glimpse my underwear. Even though I didn't know anyone there, I didn't really want to give people a free show. The material of the toga was very cheap and shear. On it's own, between the length of it and the thinness--it was practically see through--the toga probably wouldn't have left much to the imagination. Fortunately there was also a blue sash that could be worn over the gown which did a good job at least of hiding my underwear so that it couldn't be seen. 

I spent a couple of hours at the party, trying my best to chat up some of the women that seemed close to my age, but I wasn't really hitting it off with anyone. I thought that as the night wore on and some of the women got more drinks into them that my odds of meeting someone would go up, but that wasn't the case. I started to get the feeling that as I started to have more and more drinks that I was just starting to make a fool of myself. Part of me felt like just sitting in the corner, but I figured it would be a long week if I didn't at least make an attempt to meet someone. Besides, what would it hurt if I did make a fool of myself, no one here knew me anyway. In the end, though, I knew that the first night was a wash. I figured I should just count my losses and leave with my dignity still intact.

Leaving the party, I started to head back to my cabin. I had had enough to drink so that I had a little difficulty with walking in a straight line, and I had made up my mind that I wasn't going to find a woman to leave the party with. I walked through the promenade corridor, and didn't pay much attention to the two young black men standing off along the wall, talking to themselves. I was lost in my own thoughts, and the main concern in my head was to try to get back to my cabin.

"Think he's wearing underwear under there?" The comment was only on the edge of my awareness, and I wasn't sure that I had really heard it, or if my mind was playing tricks on me. 

"Hey, you wearing underwear under that toga," I thought I heard the other one say. Now I was sure of what I heard, but I was in no shape to confront anyone. Even if I hadn't been drunk, I wouldn't have been able to take on one of them, let alone two. I continued along my way, walked down the two flights of stairs to the deck that my cabin was on. When I made my way, back to my cabin, I lifted my toga up to get to the money belt that was strapped around my waist, too drunk to care if anyone was around to see anything. I unhinged the belt, letting my toga fall back into place, and fidgeted with the zipper on the belt a little before getting it opened. Once getting my card out, it also took me a couple of attempts to get it in the lock, but finally managed it and was able to open the door. 

As soon as I stepped into my cabin, someone pushed me forward. "Get him in, get him in." I heard someone say. The cabin door slammed shut behind us. As the person forcefully moved me to the bed, I struggled enough to be able to tell that it was the two black men I had passed before. They pushed me face down onto the bed, and one of the men was able to easily hold me there despite the best of my struggles. The other man came up to me and lifted up my toga over my waist, exposing my red plaid Brazilian trunk underwear.

The first man laughed. "Look at the bitch's panties. He's definitely going to enjoy this."

"No, please, don't do this."

The guy that was holding me down slapped the back of my head. "Shut the fuck up bitch. You're nothing but a horny slut tonight."

"No, please no."

"I know what to do to shut the bitch up," the second man said. He started to pull down my underwear, causing me to struggle even more. It turns out that was a mistake, as it seemed to help him remove my underwear rather than hinder. "Look at this slut shake her booty." 

"Oh yeah, that's what I'm talking about."

The second man slapped my ass hard, and I stopped struggling. This wasn't something that I could stop. When he lifted one leg and then the other to remove my underwear, I had effectively stopped struggling. I was defeated. He picked up my underwear, and then pinched my nose. When I opened my mouth to breathe, he stuffed my underwear into my mouth. "There, that'll shut the bitch up." He then undid his own pants and stepped out of them. He wasn't wearing underwear, and his cock was already mostly erect, but I watched as it seemed to grow even bigger. He laughed as he say my eyes bulge at the size of his organ. 

"That's right, slut, this is what you get to enjoy," and then to the first guy, "You got him held down good?" 

"Oh yeah. His ass is all yours."

"You hear that, slut? Your ass is mine, and you're going to do whatever I want. You got that?" I nodded in reply. He spit on my ass crack and rubbed it over my ass. He spread my cheeks, and I felt the tip of his cock press up against my opening, and then the pressure started to see increase as his cock started to slowly enter me. He started to slowly thrust, and with each thrust, the pressure and then pain grew more and more intense as his cock entered further and further into me. I tried to scream out, but with my underwear in my mouth, the scream was muffled. Tears started to form in my eyes, both from the pain and from the realization that I was being raped and my manhood was being taken away from me and there was nothing that I could do about it. He continued to slowly thrust, and I wasn't sure how much more I could take when I felt his torso up against my ass letting me know that he was entirely inside of me. He placed his hands on the sides of my waist and started to move my body as he thrust in and out. He picked up the speed of his thrusts, and as he did so, the pain of having my ass filled by his cock started to turn to pleasure. I couldn't believe that I was actually starting to enjoy being violated. 

"Flip him over," the other man said. The man who was fucking my ass pulled out and rolled me over onto my back. I hadn't even noticed that I wasn't being held down anymore. Once on my back, I lifted my legs up, giving full access to my ass once more. 

When his cock reentered my ass, it went in much easier, and I started to rock my body in motion with his thrusts. "I told you he's a slut. He's enjoying this." 

The man who wasn't fucking me pulled my underwear out of my mouth. "Aren't you enjoying being fucked in the ass, slut?" he asked me.

"Yes."

"Yes what?"

"I enjoy being fucked in the ass."

"And you're a horny slut?"

"Yes, I'm such a horny slut."

Both of the black men laughed. As the one man continued to violate my tight, virgin ass,I didn't notice the second one also take his clothes off. The next thing I know, his cock was dangling in front of my face. It was huge, and it wasn't even erect. "Suck it, bitch. And don't even think of biting it." I thought about trying to resist the second violation of the night, but I quickly dismissed the thought. So far, any attempted resistance on my part hadn't done me any good, so I figured if I just went along, it would get it over with quicker. I opened my mouth, and he moved his cock in. His cock quickly grew in my mouth as I sucked on it. It was big enough that I almost gagged on it.

"Oh yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Suck it good, baby." He started to thrust and fuck my mouth, the tip of his cock hitting the back of my throat with each thrust. This continued for another ten minutes with both my ass and my mouth being fucked. 

Then the guy who was fucking my ass finally erupted inside of me. As he withdrew, I could feel his cum run down my crack and cheeks. 

"You did good bitch," he said and laughed again. "That white ass of yours now belongs to the black man."

"I need to get me a piece of that ass," the guy who had been fucking my mouth said. 

He pulled out of my mouth and moved around so that he could fuck my ass. Based on the size of his cock when it was in my mouth, I knew that it would hurt when he entered me from behind. His thick phallus entered my ass with ease thanks to the cum that was there. He was thicker and bigger than the first man, and he further stretched my ass. 

Thanks to me already being stretched out a bit, it didn't hurt as much as I thought it would. "Oh, he's still so nice and tight," he said to the other guy.

"He won't be by the end of the cruise." 

That comment struck me. I had been going along just to get this over with as quickly as possible, and that comment seemed to shatter that assumption. It seemed to imply that they were going to continue to use me all week long. I started to panic. I thought I could fairly easily recover from a night of being violated, but if I had to endure seven nights of this, I wasn't so sure. 

As if reading my mind, the first guy said to me, "That's right, slut, you're not done after tonight. We're going to have a lot of fun with you all week. You're like a male blow-up doll. You ain't nothing but a sex toy for our pleasure."

The second man continued to thrust into my ass for another five minutes before he came as well. "Oh yeah, this is going to be fun," he said, as he withdrew, his cum combining with that of the other man.

As the two men got dressed again, the first guy said, "We need your ship card. You can get a second card from guest services. Don't have them cancel this card though. We need to have access to your room, plus we'll be using it to buy some drinks, too. Consider it your payment to us for fucking you."

I handed over my card to them, and they left, telling me that I would see them again.