 The champion soccer player for the night, all decked out in his silks and his team-color knee-high socks, left his basement apartment in the old row house and strutted down St. Phillip and across Basin Street and North Rampart, into New Orleans' French Quarter. He held his head high, his chest out, his tight butt tucked in, and his basket thrusting out in front of him. He earned most of his money in porn movies now over in the second-floor walkup studio on Burgundy, and because of this, he'd been invited to the Halloween filmfest at the gay porno movie house just inside the Quarter on Barracks. He would have devised a more complex costume for the party, but he felt tense and hyper tonight. He knew what he needed; he needed a blow job, and he'd dressed for ready access in the steamy dark theater. He also needed to do some work on what new twist he'd put into the movie they were doing next Tuesday night, so he's probably stay in the theater after being sucked off and collect his thoughts and not drift into the party room.

He spent most of his time at the gym, building his body to perfection. He was one ripped dude; hard as steel everywhere. So hard that his veins had nowhere to go other than to pop out on his body and flow across it. He liked that. All men of steel had that. He'd worked hard to get here. Big veins, pumping rich blood throughout a young, virile body.

The bodybuilder entered the theater and sat in one of the back rows, away from the doors. He knew it wouldn't be long now. He'd seen the movie they were showing already and thought it was a bit pedestrian, but it was a costume piece in keeping with the Halloween theme of the evening. That's probably why it was being shown. Happily, it was nearly finished—the one guy, some sort of big muscle Mongol invader, was yelling loud as he thrust his man sword into the ass of some hapless peasant, whose village was burning around him. The bodybuilder hoped the next one would be more interesting. He also hoped it wouldn't be long until some dude with a talented mouth showed up to relieve this pain in his nuts.

He looked around the dimly lit theatre. Everyone was in costume; they had to be to get into the place tonight. Most had a sameness to them, however. They either were dressed in rags as flood victims, which he thought was a bit tasteless, or they were cowboys in various stages of undress, which he thought lacked imagination in view of a recent major movie with a gay cowboy theme. Some of the cowpokes were pretty hot, however, and he hoped one of those would sit down beside him.

This was not to be, however. It wasn't long before a middle-aged man draped in a black cape sat in the seat next to the bodybuilder. The bodybuilder looked over at him in the dim light. He obviously was decked out as some sort of ghoul of the night. At least the costume was different from most of the rest. Not the greatest of catches, with that craggy face, but it probably had been handsome once, and there was something about the eyes. The way he was wrapped in the cape, though, suggested a beer belly and a tiny penis. Oh, well, he was only here for a soft mouth and a deep throat anyway.

And that's what the bodybuilder got in short order. The man's arm extended within the folds of the cape and a long, slender hand landed on the bodybuilder's basket. The bodybuilder didn't know if he liked those long, sharp nails at the end of the fingers, but he did like Pop's directness and the way those fingers were finding and measuring his cock through the layers of soccer shorts material. He was hardening up pretty quickly under the attention of those long, slender fingers.

The man's fingers went to the waistband of the bodybuilder's shorts and he pulled the shorts down and off the bodybuilder's legs, followed by his thong briefs. The bodybuilder wasn't sure he liked being stripped down completely like this, but he didn't raise any objects, because Pops was already stroking his cock and kneading its knob in a highly experienced fashion. Within minutes, the man had lowered his mouth onto the bodybuilder's cock and was giving him efficient and tantalizing head. Prime physical specimen that he was, the bodybuilder came in three strong spasms that hit the back of the man's throat. The man licked the cock dry, and the bodybuilder assumed that that was that and his attention went to the new movie showing on the screen. He laughed, because he himself was in the movie now showing, one themed on a Halloween costume party in a haunted house, where he was dressed in Roman military gear and was pursued around the house, caught, and fucked by a guy in a vampire costume.

The bodybuilder wanted to concentrate on the movie, and to admire his own Oscar-quality acting. But the older man didn't leave. He leaned into the bodybuilder, obviously wanting a kiss for a job well done. The bodybuilder took pity on Pops and gave him a short brush of the lips. Or at least that's what he intended to do. But the older man surprised him by forcing his lips open in a wet kiss. The bodybuilder was caught completely off guard, and an intoxicating wash of the man's saliva was swirling around in the bodybuilder's mouth before he knew what was happening. He immediately became woozy and lost much of the sensation in his body. He certainly found that his limbs wouldn't fully respond to his commands, and he fought hard, and unsuccessfully to put two thoughts together.

The man turned out of his seat and knelt in front the bodybuilder. His cape opened and swirled around the two of them, and the bodybuilder got a glimpse that made him think the older man was naked to the waist and seemed to be in pretty good shape for a man pushing fifty.

While the man was pulling the bodybuilder's soccer jersey off, leaving him naked down to his sneakers and knee-high socks, the bodybuilder was trying to form the thought of why this wasn't disturbing him.

Under the enveloping cloak, the man was sitting on the bodybuilder's thighs, facing him, and his lips and tongue were exploring the bodybuilder's torso. The bodybuilder reached down and felt something gigantic between the older man's legs. Must have brought along a super-sized rubber dildo, the bodybuilder was thinking. That didn't scare him though, he'd taken eleven inches and been double fucked in his movie career. He probably had the slackest hole in the business. In fact, in this movie now on the screen, if he remembered rightly, he'd taken a full ten inches.

Meanwhile, the man's tongue was tracing the popped out veins crisscrossing the bodybuilder's chest. The man must have found one he really liked; because the bodybuilder felt a pricking sensation and then the feeling he was being sucked.

Hokay, he thought. It didn't hurt—much—and there was a real interesting segment playing on the screen just now—where he'd been stripped of his armor down to his cute little Roman skirt and was sucking that ten-inch vampire cock, about ready to be topped—and the bodybuilder was feeling lightheaded and disjointed anyway, so he just turned his attention to the screen. Pops was stroking his cock again now anyway, and that was a more interesting place for him to focus his attention.

At length, the vein the man was working on dried up and collapsed, and he moved to another, and then another.

The bodybuilder's cock was fully engorged again now, so the man slipped down on his knees and sucked him off again, taking in all of the semen for a second time. After having done this, he rose up on his knees and fluffed out the cape. The bodybuilder's eyes wandered down to take a look at him and he went into shock. The guy wasn't old at all. He was very well cut and was nearly as hard bodied as the bodybuilder himself.

But the bodybuilder had only gotten a quick look, and his mind seemed confused, so he wasn't all that sure what he saw. The man had quickly swirled the cape over their torsos again, and his tongue and lips were moving around on the bodybuilder's belly. There, at the edge of the bodybuilder's flat belly was another throbbing vein, running from somewhere near his navel down into the pubic hair of his groin. The man traced the line of the flow and sank his teeth into a likely spot and fed with little mewing and gurgling sounds.

The bodybuilder was feeling increasingly tired, he had developed a slight headache, and there was a quiet buzzing in his ears. He continued watching the movie screen, having a hard time focusing on it.

When the vein down into the groin collapsed, the man worked his thighs under the bodybuilder's butt, which was jutting out over the end of the seat. This tilted the bodybuilder's pelvis up. the man took the bodybuilder's legs and draped them over the back of the seats in the row in front of them. The bodybuilder just watched him doing this, wondering a bit about what was going on down there.

The man raised his chest to the chest of the bodybuilder, and now the bodybuilder felt that the man seemed younger than ever and he also had pecs of steel, with veins popping out. What the bodybuilder didn't comprehend, however, was that his own chest veins now were collapsed and his thinned blood was madly dashing about in his body, searching for open passages.

The man moved his lips to those of the bodybuilder, and they engaged in a passionate kiss that stifled the bodybuilder's reaction to the man's engorged monster cock sliding, with some difficulty, into the bodybuilder's slack-jawed asshole. With effort, the bodybuilder moved his hands to the man's cock and realized that this was no rubber super-sized dildo. This was a living cock and it was larger and thicker than the bodybuilder could ever imagined a human cock could be. What a porn movie this fucker could make. It seemed like what—twelve inches? This was a challenge, and the bodybuilder was game for such challenges.

His eyes went to the screen, and just as he was being slowly entered here in the dim theater, there was a big close-up on the screen of the horse-hung, ten-inch dude slowly entering the Roman-costumed him on the screen from the rear. On the screen, the Roman soldier him raised his pelvis to welcome the entry, and then the bodybuilder him did the same down here in the theater seats for the caped man's ass splitter. The bodybuilder was getting skewered massively in two dimensions—both on film and in real life.

The bodybuilder returned the man's kiss. This master fucker no longer was to be considered Pops, as the bodybuilder could tell by moving his hands languidly around the man's chest, down his abs, and to his hard, flat belly. This had to be another bodybuilder, and maybe even younger than he himself. This man could be a star.

The man continued to work his cock into the bodybuilder, who was taking him in pretty good stride.

The man disengaged from the kiss and let his tongue work its way down the bodybuilder's throbbing neck on the right side and to his arms. He located a vein standing out near the bicep and sank his teeth into it. His cock had now homed to the root at nearly twelve inches. The bodybuilder was groaning and moaning quietly, loving the cock this far up his ass, proud that he was managing more here than his Roman soldier persona was sheathing up on the screen. He did a little constricting of his ass muscles, a trick he'd learned on the movie set, thinking that this would get the man's rocks off in short order, but the man's cock responded to that—and to the blood being drawn out of the bodybuilder's arm—by stretching out to immobilize the bodybuilder's ass muscles and by lengthening to thirteen inches. This was farther in than anyone had pushed into the bodybuilder, and he was doing a little huffing and puffing.

The vein in the right arm collapsed, as did the bodybuilder's right arm, and the lips and teeth moved onto the chest and buried themselves around the rim of the aureole of the bodybuilder's right nipple; a little blood able to flow there and also from the left nipple, serving to push the caped man's cock to fourteen inches. And it went to fifteen inches before the vein into the bodybuilder's left arm—and the arm itself—gave out.

The man moved up and on to one of the carotid arteries in the bodybuilder's neck, which was still weakly throbbing, and the man sank his teeth into that and sucked. The bodybuilder's head lolled back and his eyes rolled up into his head. He was very nearly dead now to the world he had known.

On the screen, the vampire top pulled his long cock out of the Roman soldier bottom and shoot off on his prey's back, and both the top and bottom shouted for joy. In the theater seat, at sixteen inches in, the bodybuilder was releasing everything he was—young, assured, vital, resilient, perfectly formed, alive—to revitalize the man of the black cape and the monster cock for yet another week. And, in his confused and intoxicated state, the bodybuilder had no regrets. He was having the most fantastic fuck of his whole life.

At seventeen inches in, the caped man of the night achieved a thunderous ejaculation deep inside the withered shell of the bodybuilder, their vital body fluids mixing, and a new life, albeit a far different life than he had previously known, started seeping back into the bodybuilder.

The caped man rested and then, reloaded, pumped his prey with renewed vigor and, at length, ejaculated yet again into the very center of the bodybuilder, bathing the insides of the barely breathing convert once more with life-giving, magic potion in floods of semen that welled up inside the young man's canal and burbled out over his balls. With a swirl of his cape, he withdrew and left his latest lover and convert then; leaving the bodybuilder slumped in the theater seat in the flickering light of a doggy-style fuck a virile Roman soldier was performing on a fluttering wood nymph on screen. Leaving him to be found later by a theater custodian, pumping barely enough blood to sustain himself, but pumping a richly formulated blood that would see that he survived to change his choice of costume to a swirling black cape of the night and his screen persona to the stud with the monster cock and intoxicating love bite.