 David felt a heaviness in the air as he hurried toward the hidden wine cellar. The sky had turned inky black and a few stray raindrops stung his face in the overcast gloom. It was Halloween, and night was swiftly falling. David had taken his strongest flashlight, complete with new batteries to cut through even the pitch black hiding place he had recently discovered. Everything had to be just perfect, as he knew this would be his only chance...

Yet, his only chance for what? The dreams had started almost imperceptibly two weeks ago, like the first falling leaves of Autumn. In them, a strange veiled figure, which he likened to the Virgin Mary, spoke in hushed tones and solemn declarations. Most of the dialogue David lost upon awakening, yet every night he learned more, enough to fill a spiral notebook that he kept by his bed. 

Steven, it seemed was doing fine in his resting place. The vision of a body covered by a green blanket played itself over and over again in his mind as he mentally pushed a rewind button with shaking hands. At the same time, the veiled figure slowly intoned "four hours, four hours on Halloween." Four hours of what? David tossed and turned in uneasy sleep as the days progressed. Now it was finally Halloween and he seemed to know, as if by divine osmosis, what he needed to do.

A few days before David was puttering around the old Wesley estate on the other side of town. Rumor had it that the eccentric Theodore Wesley had built an elaborate wine cellar complete with winding paths and false dead ends. After his death nearly a decade ago, the mansion had fallen into utter disrepair. Great stands of bittersweet and poison ivy had taken over the decaying rubble, and the once lovely greenhouse was marred by broken glass panes and weeds everywhere. 

David somehow sensed that Steven's resting place was near the Wesley mansion, even though he was formally buried in a graveyard with his mother and grandmother 35 miles away. Ignoring the "no trespassing" signs, he poked around the greenhouse for signs of the entrance to the wine cellar. A scrambling mass of poison ivy and bittersweet smothered what appeared to be a large coldframe adjacent to the greenhouse. As David looked more carefully, it was clear that some wooden structure was beneath the choking vines. Using an old rusty saw he had found inside the greenhouse, David started to cut away the vegetation. It was tough going, yet after 30 minutes a door appeared through the green shield, looking faded and whitewashed in the afternoon sun. 

David almost yelled out in delight. This must be the wine cellar! He renewed his efforts to clear the remaining leaves and debris and soon uncovered a thin wooden door. The smell of decaying fungi assailed his senses as he pried the rotting door off of its now flimsy frame. It gave way easily, breaking in half as he pulled on the doorknob. Like an excited child unwrapping a candy bar, David threw large wooden sections into the tall grass. Although it was getting dark, he could see a definite trail leading into the ground, and the remains of a metal ladder. Despite his intense curiousity to see what was at the end of the trail, David knew he had to come back another time with a flashlight. He tried to throw the remains of the door into the crowded wooded area just behind the greenhouse. David didn't want to arouse suspicions that someone had been looking around the Wesley house. Besides, the spirit of Steven was very close, he could feel it in every bone of his body!

Now, two days later, it was the bewitching hour and David renewed his swift pace, as he knew the wine cellar would be even more difficult to negotiate after dark. The distant shouts of trick or treaters reminded him of the holiday he had dreaded the most. Exactly one year ago today, his world had been changed forever. David tried to remember his life when Steven had been in it. Everything had seemed so much richer, the colors brighter, the voices sweeter. As he walked, he suddenly began singing "Unchained Melody", Steven's favorite song. It just simply felt like the right thing to do.

**************************************

Under a sparkling blue sky, David and Steven traversed the winding back roads to their new apartment near the University. They were going to be living together! A chance meeting at a local pizza place had brought them together, and after three weeks of endless phone calls, long walks in the woods, and mutually shared interests, they were inseparable. Oddly enough, both had just turned 19, being born on the same day. The Narmouth Avenue Apartments were hardly 5th Avenue real estate, but they would have to do. Steven parked the car in a narrow space with the faded number 23 on it, and they were home.

"This is great!" Steven Dunham was a striking young man fully six feet in height, with Troy Donahue eyes and a sparkling disposition. His partner in crime, David Singley, had darker skin and jet black hair, reflecting his Italian heritage. 

"Yeah, I hated living in the dorms!" David held open a frail door as Steven entered the dusty apartment with a large box. As they checked out the furnished living room, it was evident that there was a lot of work to be done. But who cared about that? They were totally bonkers over each other, which was all that mattered. The two young lovers swept, vacuumed, polished, and dusted for hours until they couldn't stand up anymore. David was the first to take a shower in the rickety bathroom which looked like something from a cheap summer camp. When he returned in a bathrobe, Steven quickly scurried into the bathroom anxious to look and smell nice for his new found best friend. David decided to just put on a pair of blue trim boxer shorts, because he knew Steven had a pair just like them. Sure enough, when Steven emerged from his refreshing bath, he was wearing an identical pair of underpants. 

"You look good in your underwear" David smiled as he pulled the bedsheets down. 

"So do you, how did you know I like boxer shorts?" 

"Oh, I just looked at your butt when you bent over." David smiled his best wicked grin as Steven glowered at him.

"Pervert!!" both men erupted into laughter as David put his hand into the wide fly slit of Steven's boxers. He deftly pulled out a healthy seven inch erection and slowly began to jerk on it. Steven, in the meantime, gently rubbed on David's prick through his boxers. In a matter of seconds, David's fat prick popped out of the fly and Steven jacked it off exquisitely slowly.

"Oh yeah!" David stared lovingly at Steven. "That feels really good." Steven didn't reply, suddenly kissing David with a fervor he didn't know he was capable of. The two horny young mens' tongues dueled in ecstatic abandon as they rapidly pumped each others' rock hard tools. After five minutes of pure bliss, David could feel the cum boiling in his prick.

"I'm almost there!" he managed to squeak out, as Steven quickly bent over and took David's entire prickhead in his mouth. His lover let out a loud bellow, and blasted seven white hot jets of cum into Steven's wide oral cavern. At the same time, Steven felt his own dick go over the edge. David's hands were wanking him incredibly fast, and he knew he couldn't hold back any longer.

"Here it comes!!" Steven let out a loud squeal as his cock spurted all over the bedsheets. At the same time David finally finished erupting into Steven's mouth, and reluctantly stuffed his prick back into his boxers. The two men collapsed back onto the pillows, totally spent.

"Oh my GOD!" David was the first to speak. "You really turn me on!" 

"And you really turn me on!" Steven laughed. The two tired lovers embraced and spooned for the rest of the night. They felt totally refreshed in the morning, when David woke up to Steven vigorously blowing his tapered tool as it stuck out of his boxer fly like a spear. 

"Shiiittt that feels unbelievable!" David closed his eyes and tried to hold back as Steven deep throated him like a pro. He licked the side of his cock up and down gently, then suddenly thrust the whole organ into his mouth, causing David to howl like a caged animal. Steven ultimately decided to concentrate on the underside of David's cockhead, being rewarded by a steady stream of pre-cum. His lover grunted and moaned like a women giving birth, then suddenly let out a loud bellow.

"This is it!! My GAWD! ARRRRGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" David screamed in extreme ecstasy as he blew the Load of Loads into Steven's mouth. His whole body shuddered as jet after jet of hot cum was eagerly swallowed by his lover turned cocksucker. At the same time Steven creamed his boxers so violently he practically fell off the bed. The two men were so spent afterwards they could barely move. Finally, David managed to crawl off the bed, leading Steven to a long satisfying shower.

****************************************

The last seven weeks had been pure ecstasy. David and Steven were so in love, it seemed no one else existed. They forced themselves to keep in touch with their friends, even though they had become virtually inseparable. David finally convinced Steven to attend a costume party hosted by their mutual friend, Joe Dandio. It was slated for Halloween night, and David had decided to wear an easy to remove skeleton suit, in case he got really horny during the proceedings. Steven, on the other hand, had chosen a simple Robin Hood costume, complete with a silly looking cap with a feather in it. Just a few days before the party, David brought Steven a locket with a picture of themselves inside it. Steven, in return, gave David a shiny gold necklace. Both men wore their new jewelry constantly, Steven with the locket safely ensconced in his wallet, and David sporting the necklace over his sexy wife beaters.

As David and Steven drove to Joe's costume party, they secretly wondered if anything weird was going to happen. After all, Halloween was Halloween, and Joe was known for his practical jokes. When they reached their friend's apartment, it was entirely in the dark. A heavy feeling of dread came over them as they walked down the winding driveway, aware of the jack o'lanterns in the cobwebbed windows with tiny candles inside them. 

When they got to the door, David knocked timidly. All of a sudden, the door opened widely and light flooded the room. Joe grinned at them through his Batman mask as a mini-graveyard was gradually revealed. Then, 10 bodies leaped out of the shadows at once, charging toward the door.

"BOO!!!" David and Steven practically fainted as their 10 soccer buddies tackled them in playful abandon. They were dragged into the crypt and forced to drink vodka shots, which they hated at first. After a little while, everyone started to relax and experience a pleasant buzz. David and Steven weren't used to so much liquor, but they tried to hold up without making complete fools of themselves. At one point during the night, Joe came over to them, obviously very inebriated. He was wearing a batman cape over black briefs and looked very sexy. Joe was a tall dark and handsome jock that was rumored to be bisexual. He fingered his partial erection through his briefs as he handed Steven and David their tenth shot glass of the night. 

"I hear you guys are a number." Joe grinned at them, his teeth partially visible through the Batman mask. 

"Well, yeah, we've only been going together about two months." Steven looked down at the floor, wondering if Joe would be completely shocked.

"That's cool." Joe continued to finger his swelling cock in his briefs. "You guys ever have a three way?"

"No, not yet." David tried to hide his shock at the unexpected question.

"There's always a first time!" Joe worked his prick through the folds of his tight briefs and jacked off in front of his two friends exquisitely slowly. David, in turned, lowered his skeleton pants and plucked his stiff prick out of his white boxers. Steven watched the erotic scene unfolding in front of him as he frigged his dick through his khakis. Then, he lowered them slowly, pulling his boner through the fly opening of his trim boxers. The three men watched each other masturbate for a good minute before Joe suggested they switch cocks. This was even better, as Joe used a really fast stroke on Steven, driving him crazy. David, in turn, jerked Joe off maddingly slowly, as Steven's hands skillfully frigged his own hard prick. Although the soccer buddies tried to hold back, after about five minutes of frantic jerking they were pretty much at the brink.

"I'm going to POP!" Steven wailed. "Fucking BITCH!" Joe screamed. "I'm there!" David clenched his teeth and blew a good eight spurts onto the living room rug. Joe and Steven followed quickly as volleys of cum erupted everywhere, on fake gravestones, Joe's mask, and Steven's trim boxers. The three men collapsed on top of one another, passing out in a drunken stupor. 

When they woke up, Steven and David were still dazed and confused. They pulled their pants up and said goodbyes to the few remaining guests, anxious to be home and in their own familiar bed. Joe winked at them as he led them to their car and they tentatively made plans to go hiking with him following day. David took the wheel and Steven lay back in the passenger seat, trying to keep from passing out. 

Everything went well on the ride home until David tried to negotiate a difficult turn just before the Narmouth Apartments. The car started to skid on a patch of wet leaves. Suddenly bolt upright, Steven screamed "WATCH OUT". David tried to compensate by pulling the car in the opposite direction, but it started to skid even more violently. Neither of them saw the tree coming into view as the car slammed into it. The sickening sound of raw metal disintegrating drowned out the distant rush of a waterfall, as the tree broke the car completely in half. Then all was silent...

**************************************

"You're very lucky to be alive!" Nurse Frawley grinned at the startled David who had just emerged from his unconscious state. 

"Wwha--t" David was having problems getting any words out. "Wha---tt happened?" 

"You were in a car accident." Nurse Frawley attempted a smile. "Fortunately, you escaped with only a broken ankle and a few scrapes."

"S-t-tev-ven" David managed to get out.

"Oh, your friend." Nurse Frawley's eyes fluttered. "The Doctors tried to save him, but on the operating table, his heart stopped. I'm sorry."

"N-o-o-o-o-o." David wailed in agony. 

"Try to sleep." Nurse Frawley tried to look sympathetic.

"I'll n-n-ever sleep without Steven..." 

David's voice faded away as he entered a world of uneasy dreams. Nurse Frawley turned off the light, whistling a familiar tune. As David lapsed into unconsciousness once more, the name of the song suddenly came to him.

It was "Unchained Melody."

********************************************

Tears welled down David's cheeks as the final few moments with Steven came back to him. He had almost reached the wine cellar, and his hands started to become clammy and moist. What would he find at the end of the ancient passageway? Probably nothing more than spiderwebs and broken bottles, but the image of the veiled figure in his dream had been so real, as well as the words "four hours on Halloween." He increased his pace until he was practically jogging to the Wesley mansion. Once in the greenhouse area, he quickly found the opening to the wine cellar. It was now completely dark, and as David shone his powerful flashlight into the opening of the seemingly endless cave, the beam happened upon a huge spider. David recoiled in fear, then laughed as he slowly went down the rickety ladder. At the bottom of the short narrow hole, a winding passage led into the wine cellar proper. David walked very slowly, pushing away cobwebs and huge moths which were attracted by the spotlight. He passed eerie remnants of broken bottles, the walls stained with beautiful burgundies and browns from the dried wines. Suddenly, the path widened and stopped at what appeared to be a large altar. Laying on the massive stone was a body covered by a tattered green blanket. 

David froze. Steven was under that blanket, but what was he going to look like? The Night of The Living Dead? With trembling hands, David peeled back the decaying blanket. There was Steven, looking exactly as he did before the accident. David cautiously touched Steven's cold cheek. He almost fainted when the body on the altar stirred, and opened its eyes in wonder.

"W-w-here am I?" Steven's voice was a mere whisper.

"It's David. We're in the Wesley's wine cellar. The guys put us here after we passed out at the party." David knew that wasn't true, but didn't have the heart to tell Steven what really happened.

"We have to get back to the party...they'll be waiting for us." Steven's voice was stronger now.

"The party's over...I made other plans for us." David smiled at Steven, who got off the altar and haltingly walked back to the entrance of the wine cellar. 

"Plans?" Steven looked confused.

"Yes, plans. We're going to the best restaurant in town, and afterwards we're going to have great sex!"

"Uh..sure, anything you say." 

Steven put his arm around David, and the two men slowly made their way back to their apartment. Noting it was 8:02, David then drove his newly reincarnated lover to the Brass Knuckles, where they both ordered a three course meal. Between the tomato soup, caesar salad, and filet mignon, David and Steven looked into each others' eyes with never ending bewilderment. As the delicious meal came to an end, they drove back to the apartment whispering sweet nothings into receptive ears. Clothes melted away as they embraced in unearthly passion. 

"Make love to me Steven, and never stop!" David lay on his stomach as Steven entered him from behind. There was no pain, only intense pleasure as Steven gently made love to his best friend and soulmate. Both men were driven to new highs of ecstasy as time stood still. Steven ground his body into David's prone form, whispering "I love you" over and over until the words became a shattering crescendo, a crescendo of bells which tolled as the gates of heaven opened...

********************************

David awoke with a start. The harsh bell of the alarm clock permeated the early morning light as he rose quickly from the bed. Oddly enough, the clock itself had stopped at 12:02, but the alarm was obviously still functioning. Steven, was of course gone, but now David knew where to find him. He dressed hurriedly, running to the wine cellar to see Steven one more time. 

As the Wesley residence came into view, David's heart started to pound. He came upon the greenhouse and coldframes, and was surprised to see everything looked different. As it had been two days ago, the wooden door was covered with bittersweet and poison ivy. No trace of the wine cellar could be seen, and the broken remains of the door he had thrown into the woods were nowhere in sight.

With a hideous yell, David fell to the ground. "NOOOO!! It wasn't a dream!" He started to pound the unyielding earth with his fists, when he noticed a shiny object nearly hidden in the tall grass. David picked it up hurriedly, and his whole body began to shake. It was the locket he had given Steven right before he had died. David slowly opened the locket to see the faded picture of himself and Steven so much in love. For a moment, time stood still, then David kissed the locket.

"I love you Steven." David stared at the locket for what seemed to be forever before closing it and placing the treasure in his wallet, just as Steven had. Then he turned and slowly walked away from the Wesley mansion. In the distance, children got ready for school, with smiles on their faces and candy in their pockets. 

Halloween was over.
