 It was 1987. I was married to my first wife and living in a small town in the south of Alberta. My wife and I had been invited to a costume party at my brothers’ house in Calgary. As much as we would know nobody at the party other than Ron my wife was anxious to go so we agreed. She had decided to dress as Vampirella and I went as the bearded lady from the circus.

With my flowered dress and water balloon tits we went down to my brothers’ rec room and met the other guests. Every one was introduced and I made my way to the bar anticipating another boring evening with drunken strangers.

As the night wore on one particular man seemed to find great humor in asking me to dance with him. His wife would laugh each time he would lead me onto the floor and we would dance together. My wife would encourage me on thinking it was a great joke.

He was much bigger than me, about 6’2” and close to 200lb. As we danced I could not help but notice the size of his hands and how they felt on my back. As the night wore on and the drinks continued he danced closer and closer to me until I was being held tightly against him. I could feel his chest flatten out my water filled breasts and his hips move tight to mine. I found that as each dance ended I started to look forward to the next time he asked me to dance, rekindling old desires that I had put away when I got married.

As much as I enjoyed his attention I was not prepared when he pulled me close and I could feel the unmistakable bulge of a hardening cock pushed into me. At first I pulled back from him, shocked and surprised. With a quick glance around to assure myself that no one had noticed I moved my hips forward into him. I was sure he could feel my cock harden against his as we danced and I felt him roll his now hard cock against mine, pulling me harder into him. 

My first thought was how thankful I was that it was fairly dark in the rec room. How was I going to walk away with this hardon tenting the front of my dress? Did anyone notice this man grinding his cock into me? Fear overcame lust and I decided to keep as far away as I could for the rest of the evening. As the song ended he pulled me hard into him rubbing his cock into mine before letting go. With that I quickly retreated to the safety of the bar. My brother was playing bar tender and mentioned that we were almost out of ice so I volunteered to fill the bucket upstairs in the kitchen.

It was a relief to be out of there and have a few minutes to think of what had happened and get control of myself. I took the bag of ice from the fridge and began breaking it up in the sink when I heard footsteps behind me. I thought nothing of it until a pair of arms wrapped themselves around me and a hard cock was ground into my ass. He dropped his hands down to my cock and started stroking me through the dress and my underwear as he ground himself into me. His hands felt so good on my cock that I pushed my ass back into him hard, encouraging him, not wanting him to let go.

With one hand he suddenly pushed me over the counter and held me there while pulling up my dress with the other. I could hear the sound of his zipper being pulled down and started to panic. Next he pulled down my underwear and stepped back into me. I could feel his cock pressed up against my bare ass now, big, hard and hot and realized that if I didn’t stop him he wanted to fuck me right there.

Squirming away from him I had intended to escape back downstairs until I saw the big piece of meat he was holding. About 8 ½” of very thick cut cock with a huge mushroom head stared back at me and I froze. My mind screamed get out but my desire begged me to stay. Desire won out. I told him to follow me and went out the door to the backyard. He followed me to the end of the yard where the garage at least offered some cover and shadow.

Grabbing his cock I told him that I would suck him off but that I was not taking that monster up my ass dry. With one hand I slowly stroked his cock while rubbing the head with the other. Staring into his eyes I asked him if he wanted to cum in my mouth right now and was pleased with the way his cock jerked in my hand then and the feel of precum on his head. Instead of answering he just pushed me down to my knees in front of him and said, “suck it”.

Running my tongue around the head of his cock licking up the precum I opened my mouth around the head and started sucking. The head of his cock stretched my lips and filled my mouth, the thick shaft coming to rest on my lips. As I closed my lips around his cock he grabbed my head and started pumping his cock into me, fucking my face. I kept sucking his cock, tonguing the head and shaft as he kept pumping his cock into my mouth. Choking and gagging on the big cock in my mouth I tried to slow him down but he was to close to cumming. His cock seemed to expand in my mouth and he quickened his stroke and started shooting thick hot loads of cum into my throat. I sealed my lips tight around his cock and began swallowing ever thing he gave me. After about 5 minutes I could feel his cock soften in my mouth and he pulled back. Without a word he zipped up and headed back to the house. Before entering he turned and said, “thanks I needed that” and went inside. I followed and went to the washroom to wipe up any excess sperm that I had missed.

Retrieving the ice from the sink I returned to the party, happy for the experience and thankful that it was over without a spectacle being made and we both acted as if nothing had happened. It was about and hour before he again asked me to dance again. By this time I was sure that all would be ok. As we danced he told me that his wife did not like to suck cock and apologized for being so eager. I accepted his apology and told him that I had enjoyed sucking his cock, that it had been a long time. As we danced and talked I could feel his cock again growing hard against me. I pushed into him and told him that I thought he was trying to fuck me in the kitchen not get a blow job. With that his cock sprung up thick and hard against mine.

For the next while I would find his eyes on me every time I turned in his direction. Looking around the room most people, including my wife, were sitting around to drunk to stand or passed out. Taking the opportunity I approached him for a dance, moving in very tightly to him. Waiting for him to start rubbing his cock against me I asked if he would like to go outside again. He asked if I wanted to suck his cock again and in response I asked what is he wanted. All he said was “are you serious”? I could feel his cock jerking against me and told him to give me 5 minutes.

I rushed upstairs to my brothers’ bathroom and had a quick look for vaseline but could only find his girlfriends hand cream. Grabbing it I went outside to wait by the garage. In seconds the door opened and out came my new lover, looking carefully around and then hurrying over to me. I opened his pants and pulled out his hard cock. Using the pump I covered his cock with lotion leaving large gobs of it on his head, then turned, pulled up my dress, down my underwear and using my arms leaned into the garage.

As I felt the head of his cock slide over my ass I told him to go slow or he would rip me open with a cock that big. He seemed to understand as he slowly rubbed the greasy head of his cock against my asshole then slowly started pushing. I tried to relax as the big mushroom head entered me but I still let out a loud groan as he sank into me, surprised by how huge his cock felt sliding into me. He kept a steady pressure until his balls were tight to my ass and his cock was buried in me. He then pulled back until just the head was inside me and again started the long steady stroke back into my ass. He fucked me for a good 20 minutes like this, enjoying the feeling of my tight ass wrapped around hi cock. Then dropping his hands to my hips he increased his stroke pulling my hips back into him as he started fucking me fast and hard. I could feel his breath ragged on my neck and his body shaking against me and knew he was close. With a final thrust he buried his cock deep up my ass and started moaning. I could feel his big cock jerking and swelling in my ass as he filled me with his cum.

Pumping a bit more into me as he finished he collapsed against me allowing his cock to soften in my ass as his sperm started dripping out. As he pulled out I could feel the cum pouring from my ass, loving the feeling. As he pulled up his pants I pulled my underwear back up trapping his cum in me. As we walked back to the house he said that maybe we can do this again sometime. As much as I agreed I knew that we would probably not get another chance.

I woke my wife up and told her we were going. On the way home she would smell the air and ask what was that smell in the car. I didn’t know how to tell her that it was from a man who never told me his name but left his sperm in my ass.