 I listened to the footsteps on the floor above me slowly die, drowned out as the doors closed, and sat in quiet astonishment recalling the moments that had just passed.

Only a matter of five minutes ago I had been lying down and fed a big, thick cock, not to mention the copious amounts of cum, "some of which was still on my chin." I thought to myself, licking it off my finger and finding myself caught in the moment once again.

My hand was unconsciously rubbing my thigh, slowly moving over the steely lump in my panties, and I closed my eyes. Leaning back against the cushions I slowly pulled my little cock free, stroking it gently and licking my lips. I could taste him on my lips, salty, a musky scent floating on the air. I moaned and my eyes shot open. My breath was ragged and hand stopped abruptly holding my aching cock. I couldn't believe I was thinking what I was thinking, but I needed more.

I took a moment to catch my breath as I sat there in the darkness, my mind creating feverish images and thoughts that made me shiver in all the best ways. It may have been a mistake, which led to these thoughts, but I can promise you my mind was reeling with the consequences and loving every minute.

Setting myself, I stood up. My legs were shaking, like the rest of me, but I managed to stay erect, in both senses. The anticipation of what my mind had in store was too strong to distract me, or allow me to back down, not now, the alcohol coursing through my body served only to fill me with the confidence I felt I needed as I took my first steps out of the living room.

Still wearing my heels, I tiptoed over the wooden floored hall to the foot of the stairs. Catching myself in the mirror, I smiled, looking at the lipstick smeared over my cheek and the way my short blond hair was ruffled. I gazed up the stairs, careful to check for any movement then paused. Turning back to the mirror, I pulled the shiny silver tube from my pocket and popped the lid. Drawing it out and pouting like a professional I addressed my lips and reapplied an extra coat, "why not?" I thought to myself. Reaching under my skirt, I slipped my cock back into my panties and turned to face the stairs once more.

As I reached the top of the stairs I quietly crept forward, knowing full well which floorboards creaked and which didn't, I was able to navigate my way around them quite well. I could hear giggling from Tom's room and smiled to myself with the thought of what they might have been doing. More importantly, what I was hoping I could be getting up to in a moment or two.

Padding lightly passed Tom's door and his Sister's, I reached my destination. Luckily, the door was not on the latch, so with a shaking hand I reached out and gave it a gentle nudge. The carpet made a noise as the door opened, a noise louder than any I had ever heard, at least that was how it seemed. With enough room, I slipped inside and pushed the door back in place, and there I stood at the foot of a large king-sized bed, one lone figure outlined under the sheets, breathing softly.

My heart was racing as I took that first step towards the bed. I had to clamp both my hands to my sides as the shivers ran the entire length of my body. Standing there, looking down on Mr Roberts as he lay there sleeping, I suddenly began to rethink the whole situation. I needed to turn around and leave. I needed to stop this foolishness and run, just keep running for all I was worth. My brain, however, didn't see it that way, and my cock certainly didn't object.

Standing there with all those thoughts streaking through my mind, my hands slowly slipped downwards and pressed against my thighs I drew them up, over the stocking tops, up underneath my skirt, raising higher and higher until my panties were in full view of the dimly lit room. Taking a deep breath I pulled the strings on each side and the knots fell apart, the soft cotton fabric falling away from my body to the floor. My cock fell free, painfully erect, waving in the dark. I felt a rush, standing, exposed as I was in front of my friend's father, although asleep it was still the riskiest thing I'd ever done in my eighteen years.

I let my skirt fall back down, covered to the world again, except for the lewd lump in the front. I glanced down and saw my impractical strappy heels, my mind was too pre-occupied to have thought about removing them, now wasn't the time, I would have to continue with them on, perhaps he'd like that.

Mr Roberts was facing me, lying a few feet into the centre leaving enough room for a little one to squeeze in. After all, I was only five-foot-seven I would fit perfectly. I smiled to myself nervously as I edged closer and reached for the corner of the sheet. Peeling it back slowly I could see Mr Roberts' broad, hairy chest. It wasn't a thick, coarse hair, just a nice, soft dappling of fur that accentuated his large pecs and solid abs. I didn't dare to stand there too long for fear of waking him, so I slinked, as delicately as I could managed, onto the edge of the bed, lying down with my back to him, and in a quick swish, pulled the sheet over myself as I curled my feet slowly underneath.

Every creak of the bed and movement I made seemed to scream aloud in the darkness. My heart was beating in my throat, and my mouth was terribly dry. I lay there, frozen in place as I focused on the breathing behind me. His soft, rhythmic breathing was undisturbed by the introduction of me to his bed. 

I had my eyes closed ever since I sat down on the spring mattress, and it took all the strength I could muster to open them again. My breathing had slowed somewhat, but my heart was still racing. What would he think? Would he freak out? Would he beat me? Everyone would find out about this, I'd be the laughing stock of school and all my friends would disown me if it came to that. What was I thinking? All these questions raced through my head, as I lay there motionless. Then, in a breathless moment of panic, any thought of backing out evaporated.

As I lay there, stock still, I felt the mattress dip with movement from behind me. That's when I felt a soft gentle hand fall around my waist, over the covers. It didn't move; just lay there, its warm weight pressing against me. My whole body shook with electricity that I had only known once before. About twenty minutes ago in fact, with a thick pulsing cock erupting cum into my mouth. I took my time, waiting for any more movement from the man lying behind me. Nothing came so I steadied myself for the next act of my crazy play.

Slowly I wiggled my hips, creeping backwards. The warmth of the man behind me grew, as I neared his large frame. My heart was racing, then skipped a beat and fell silent in my chest. There was a soft crinkled noise drifting up from beneath the sheets. It was the sound of my polyester nurse's uniform pressed against something unknown. Though I knew what it was, I could feel the impending bulk of it hovering close to my backside. I knew that everything could go horribly wrong from this moment on. "I could blame the drink!" I thought to myself, I didn't know how well that would work but it was the only convincing I needed. With a deep breath, I eased myself back the final few inches.

My whole body trembled as I felt the large, bulbous lump press against my soft cheeks of my ass. The coarse linen of his boxers grazed my thighs and sent a wave of shivers through me once more, and I heard a soft moan over my shoulder and I felt the hand gently squeeze my waist. Lying there feeling his hand squeeze me and his covered cock pressed between my cheeks, I was in heaven, earlier that night I had been trying to score with all the hot babes at the party, now I was lying in bed with my friend's father pressed against me, after already having milked his cock with my mouth. At that moment, I truly didn't know what I was going to do now. I had the idea in my head, but now, immersed in the situation I didn't know what to do, so I just lay there, softly rubbing my butt against the large lump behind me.

I'm not sure how long I lay there loving the sensation of his boxers rubbing my thighs and his large cock pressed against me, but as time passed, I became bolder and the misty fog of thought cleared in my head.

Slowly I reached behind me and slid it down between the sleeping Mr Roberts and myself. Arching my back, I gently let my hand cup his boxer-covered cock. My heart burst into life again, racing in my chest as the warmth flooded my body. Again, I heard the unmistakable sound of a moan over my shoulder, and again I wondered to myself. I tried my best to slow my breathing as I cradled his large cock and prepared myself. Pulling my hand away slowly I felt around for the tiny buttons of his fly. Finding the first, I teased it softly through the gap and let it fall open. Repeating it with the second, his boxers flew open against the size of what they strained to hold back, and almost immediately, his cock was in my palm. 

Nervously, I felt the girth of his huge prick with my thumb and index finger as I tried to circle them around him. Pulling gently, he wouldn't come free, so with a little extra tug he untangled himself and fell free, his hot cockhead slapping against my naked thigh. Nothing moved for what seemed like the longest time. Moving as slowly as I could manage I lifted my leg, and quietly eased the thick cock between my thighs and up against the underside of my butt. Then with a low, drawn out sigh, I pulled my hand away and lowered my leg. The feel of the hot, thick cock between my thighs took over all other things, and regardless of nerves, my body knew this was worth it.

My breathing became more staggered with every gasp and I could feel him growing harder between my legs. I couldn't help but start to move my hips back and forth, fucking his large cock between my hairless thighs. I could feel his large head nudging my balls with every gentle thrust. The hand squeezed me again and a low groan rumbled from behind me. 

The hand began to squeeze in time with each thrust and as I slowed my movements, scared that Mr Roberts was about to wake, I noticed that the thrusts were now not controlled by me. Whether he had awoken to find his cock between my thighs or not he was now slowly fucking me. 

The temperature had risen in the room as I lay there being fucked in this manner. His shaft was slick with sweat from between my stocking-clad thighs, sliding effortlessly with every nudge he gave me. The moans grew with every thrust. His hand had broken into one long squeeze after another, almost hurting, but somehow comforting at the same time. I just lay my head on the pillow, closed my eyes and let my hand drift down to my own cock, slick with my own pre-cum pouring from me.

As much as I enjoyed the feeling of my cock, throbbing in my hand, I wanted more. I arched my back once more, and slipped my hand between us, not caring about being as delicate as before, I gripped his cock as he continued to buck his hips against me. Easing forward a little, I felt the sweat drenched cock slide up between my cheeks easily, and the very next thrust caused it to slip through my palm and press against my virgin hole, this time greeted with a guttural groan from behind me, the hand squeezing tightly without relenting.

Quickly I withdrew my hand and pushed back against his thrusting. Burying my face in the pillow and yearning him to enter me. Every thrust was just like the last, I wasn't ready, and he knew what he was talking about when he had called me tight. Maybe this was a terrible idea after all. 

"Mmmmmmmm" was all I could hear. "Uuuuggggghhhhhhh!" came the next noise. He was waking! Was it really a surprise?

"Mmmm, it seems babygirl wants to play some more!" Mr Roberts leant forward and whispered softly in my ear with a grunt. I could feel his large hairy pecs against my back as he wrapped his arm around my waist and his large hand pressed against my chest.

"Mr..." I tried to speak but he cut me off before it started.

"Sshhh now little one, let Daddy make his girl feel good! No need for words!" He kept thrusting against me, causing his cock to sliding down my sweat-covered skin and back between my thighs. "Now reach behind you and show Daddy where you want his big cock!"

He was awake right? Why was he acting as if he didn't know it was me? Surely, he could see my wig, he knew, right? All these questions and far more flooded my brain as he kept slamming against me with a succession of grunts.

"Come on baby; don't keep your Daddy waiting!" He cooed in my ear again, "After all, you are the naughty little girl who wanted Daddy's big hard cock aren't you?"

All I could do was nod and reach behind me with a trembling hand. All night I had not felt so dirty, dressed in a nurses outfit, heels, lipstick, being felt up by guys and chatted up was all just fun, wasn't it? Yet here I was, a thick cock between my thighs about to be broken in and I fucking loved it. I was about to be made this man's little cock-slut and I wanted it more than ever. Even the thought of those words made me shiver as I felt the slick shaft of his big cock in my hand once more. 

Taking a deep breath, I pulled his cock up between my cheeks again and felt the velvety crown rub against my puckered hole. I moaned, audibly and Mr Roberts laughed, I felt each laugh tremble through his chest and through mine in turn. 

"How does it feel in your hand baby? You like Daddy's big hard cock, don't you? Can you still taste me little one? Is that why you're here now? Mmmmmmm!" He groaned and grunted as he felt his cock being slid back and forth between my cheeks, I could feel the sweat dripping down my crack, I was starting to feel relaxed, I was nervous, but now all I wanted was his cock, and to please my Daddy as much as I could. 

"Oh my god!" I thought to myself, "did I just call him Daddy?" My heart was racing, my mind was calling me all the names under the sun, and now I was calling Mr Roberts, Daddy. My depraved mind was boiling with lust I didn't care anymore. All reservation was gone from me. I just wanted this big, burly man to fuck me like his little girl deserved!

Bending over slightly, arching my back and pushing my butt back against Mr Roberts, and happy that the tip of his cock was where it needed to be, I let go of his cock and pulled my cheeks apart for him. I felt his bare hand on my skin, and he slid it up under my skirt and gripped my waist. 

"Ready or not, here I come!" Mr Roberts purred into my ear with a noticeable smile in his voice. All I remember in that moment was numbness. He pushed against me, the tip of his huge cock spreading me open slowly. I pushed my face into the pillow and let out a little scream of pain. "Mmmm that's a good girl, let it out, it always hurts the first time! Daddy will go slowly for you babygirl!" With that he stopped pushing and allowed the air to return to my lungs. 

I rested for a moment; the pain tore through me, my body felt so warm. I could clearly feel the head of Mr Roberts huge cock inside me, I felt stretched beyond all imagining. I couldn't stifle the tears as they ran freely down my cheeks.

"There, there little one, Daddy will take care of you!" He stroked my hair from my eyes and caressed my cheek, his hand slipped around my throat gently and I felt him push against me once more. My mouth flew open but no sound came out. "Sshh baby, Daddy will go slow, I know it hurts, but this is what you wanted, isn't it you naughty little girl?"

I couldn't deny the pain was excruciating, but he was right. I'd come upstairs, snuck into his bed, pulled out his cock and done everything to lead to this moment, a moment that found me with three inches of thick cock buried in my ass. What was most pleasing though, through each flash of pain that rolled over me, it started to feel good.

The next push came without a word. I stifled another yelp with the pillow, his hand still around my neck as I felt him start to pull away. I thought to myself, "This is it Danny, get ready to be fucked!" Instead, he pulled out. His cock fell from my ass and he began to move. His hand stayed firmly around my throat as he pulled me up, throwing the sheets off us both. He pulled me roughly to the centre of the bed and turned me around, pushing me forward until I was on all fours. He let go of me and I felt the air whisper over my exposed butt. I felt the skirt flicked up onto my back and I felt the familiar hairy-legged man ease up behind me. The pain from my aching asshole had been forgotten for a moment, it was thrown back to my consciousness as he unceremoniously thrust himself into me. Comfortably burying five inches or more and making me squeal loudly. Moments later a strong hand on my back pushed me face first into the bed to muffle the sound.

"If you're going to yelp, you're going to be face down, do you understand?" He said as he pushed another few inches into my overstretched hole. 

All I could do was nod against the mattress as he pulled back and slammed his hips forward again. The pain was bearable and I felt my cock, which had long since died down, start to perk up and stiffen once more. Every thrust drove me into the sheets. I could feel every vein of his obscene cock stretching me wider. The faster he went the more I enjoyed it. That's when I realised I was no longer gasping because of the pain, but lightly moaning because of the sensation of his cock fucking me. I was in love with his big cock. His strong hands around my waist, held me firmly in place for his mighty thrusts. I tried to lift myself up on my elbows.

"Oh fuck! Babygirl, I knew you'd be a good fuck!" Mr Roberts hissed at me, "I might have to get your number after I'm done with you!" I couldn't help but smile when he said that. The fear and trepidation of earlier had fallen away; all I knew now was that I loved having this man, this big strong man, deep inside me. Whether I was on my knees with him in front or behind me, it didn't matter, I just never wanted this to stop! 

"Are you ready babygirl?" He grunted over my shoulder, panting breathlessly, "Because I don't think Daddy can last much longer with your tight little ass!"

"That's ok Daddy, I want you to cum for me!" I said in my most effeminate voice I could muster. I shocked myself with how girly I sounded, and I loved it, I wasn't the only one. In the soft light from the street lamps filtering through the window I could see him smile, a dirty, crooked smile. 

I felt his pace quicken, every thrust met with a grunt and a matching girly moan from me. My eyes stayed fixed on him. The sweat pouring over his lean frame glistened in his matted fur. Every sinew in his chest and broad shoulders rippled with every thrust of his hips. His mouth opened, and a long drawn out groan rumbled from his chest. His hips pushed forward and I felt his entire length inside me. That's when I felt it. His cock expanded, stretching me even more, I gasped as the air came flying from my body and I suddenly felt warm deep inside. I could feel his cock throbbing, and coating my insides with the same sweet, musky cum that I had tasted earlier. I could hardly breathe, my back arched under the sensation and I fell onto my elbows once more. Facing the door, I closed my eyes but as I heard him grunt, my eyes flew open in delight. That's when the moment all stopped.

Sat in the doorway was Becca, Tom's older sister. Her panties pulled to the side and her fingers buried inside her young pussy, busily bringing her to one of what I could only assume was many orgasms. She was breathing heavily and biting her lip. The moment I saw her panting and smiling devilishly at me, I lost all control. My cock exploded, I arched my back and Mr Roberts pulled me up to him, his lips clamping onto my neck. He held me there as my cock spewed stream after stream of hot cum over his bed sheets. My whole body shook and I started to feel light headed as my eyes stayed fixed on Becca and her furiously fast digits. She licked her lips and I could see her own orgasm tearing through her.
