 I yanked my cap down tightly and bowed my head. Hunching my shoulders forward I pulled my rucksack tight to my back and made a dart for the front doors. All my fellow students made their lazy way to class as the bell rang. I felt like they all knew what had happened last night, and I didn't just mean the party. I was nervous, almost scared that they knew. "It was impossible for them to know," I told myself, but that didn't seem to matter. 

The first few classes passed without incident. No one said anything to me except how great last night was. I caught myself saying things like, "It was a night I will never forget," and "I hope I have another night like that soon," and actually meaning it. At one point when Carol Archer joked asking, "So who did you end up in bed with? Nursey." together with a pat on my butt, I had to hide my growing hard on.

Lunchtime came around, and I made my way to the canteen in renewed safety that no one knew and no one would ever know. I sat down with the guys and pulled out my packed lunch. College life would just get back to normal and we could all just get on with our lives. However, that thought was way too premature.

"Hello losers!" Becca's voice was like nails down a blackboard. Oh, she had a beautiful voice, even singing, but to me in that moment it was like a strangled cat. "Hey Danny," She said as she laid her hands on my shoulders. 

"Hey Sis," Tom said busily munching on a sandwich, "You missed one hell of a party last night!"

"Yeah Bec, It was off the chain! I was totally the star of the show!" John added with a broad grin.

I just sat in silence, picturing Becca sat in the doorway with her fingers frantically fucking her pussy as she watched her Father fuck me silly.

"Oh I doubt that Johnny, I'm sure there was someone else there who got extra-special attention last night." The tone in Becca's voice was horrible but I couldn't say a word or they would all know my secret. How they would know from me speaking I don't know, but the paranoia in me just wouldn't let me speak! 

"Whatever Bec, it was still awesome and you missed it all!" John said picking up his bag, "Right dickwads catch you after class! I've gotta try and catch Mr Clemens." He shouted over his shoulder as he ran off through the canteen queue.

"Yeah I best be heading to Physics too. I have to get that experiment set up before next class." With that, all who remained was Becca and I. Standing above me, squeezing the life out of my shoulders like an angry masseuse.

"So it's just you and me Danny-boy." She said releasing my shoulders and sitting down on the bench seat next to me. Leaning back against the tabletop she added. "Or do you prefer 'Babygirl'?"

"Shut it Becca!" I snapped, quickly glancing around to make sure no one heard. "Forget about last night, I beg you!"

"Forget that my own Dad was happily ploughing your slutty little ass just a few hours ago? Oh, I don't think so Danny. I don't think I will ever be able to forget that beautiful sight." She purred, completely happy with herself. "Tell me, how did that huge cock feel in your tight little hole?" 

The silence was deafening. "FANTASTIC!" my mind screamed but my lips wouldn't allow me to say it. "I want him to do it again and again, as many times as he likes!" but again, silence remained.

"I mean I knew my dad was a big man. His chest being so muscular and those big strong arms, but I never in a million years expected him to have such a..." She leant forward and I couldn't help but crane my neck closer to hear her, "huge cock!" Her emphasis on the words sent a shiver down my spine, ending at the base of my cock, which was again, starting to stir!

"Listen Becca, it was a crazy night, I was drunk, so was he, let's just forget it ever happened...please!" I stared at her with as much conviction as I could muster, hoping she'd agree and never mention it again. She wasn't going to let me off lightly.

"I'll forget it..." She said pausing.

"Oh Bec, thank you so much, I really appreciate th..." My gratitude cut off all too soon.

"On one condition, you have to do something for me first. One simple little favour, then it will all be forgotten." She was blunt in her tone. I could tell that there was more to it, but honestly, I couldn't take the chance that she would tell someone about what I did last night.

"Ok, but you promise that if I do this, you'll not ask me again and you'll forget what you saw?" I asked, my hand hesitatingly hanging for a handshake.

"I promise that what I ask you to do I will never ask you to do again!" She said, snatching my hand before standing up and pinching a chip off my plate. "Meet me after class in the third floor girl's bathroom. The one with the 'Out of Order' sign on the door, don't be late!"

I didn't have a chance to question my orders before she had disappeared into the crowd of bodies and I, again, was alone wondering what the hell I had just agreed to. "Ah fuck it Danny, if it's the only way to shut her up, then it's the only way!" I mumbled as I chowed down on my chips.

The rest of the afternoon of senior classes came and went, though I didn't notice with the fog of thought in my head. When the bell finally rang, to signal the end of class, I took a deep breath and made my way across the courtyard to the old science block and the appointment with my blackmailer.

As I reached the top of the stairs, I could see why Becca had chosen this particular spot. There were stacks of chairs in the corner of the landing, with a heavy tarp covering them. Several inches of dust told me they hadn't moved in quite some time. The two abandoned classrooms down the hall were eerily quiet. Painter's rags and ladders littered the small corridor as I weaved my way through them to the end and the two doors. "Out of Order" in big red letters covered the sign to the girl's bathroom, just as Becca had said. I pushed to door open and stepped inside.

"Ah there you are I was half expecting you to cry off. You must really feel guilty about letting my Dad fuck your ass last night." Becca said bluntly polishing her nails.

"Fine, I'm here, what was this favour you wanted from me?" I said, squeezing my thumbs under the straps of my rucksack, wishing I could be anywhere but stood in that bathroom.

She didn't look up, she barely acknowledged me, just carried on talking. "Do you know I'm getting straight A's Danny-boy?" Taking a quick glance at me over her nails, she continued. "All A's across the board, except for one, Chemistry."

We all knew how proud Mr Roberts was of his "darling Rebecca" Tom had been fighting her shadow all his life. I still didn't know what this had to do with anything.

"You see Danny. Just like you I'm not averse to getting what I want...umm how should I put this...on my back?" She paused and looked me dead in the eye, gauging my reaction. I kept my mouth shut, from shock more than anything else, "Mr Pastor, Bio, he is good at anatomy I'll give him that. Mr Wilson for a blowjob in the Music room every Tuesday, you could say I go there to practice my horn blowing." She paused and gave me a smug smile. "A few others, oh and yes, Mrs Perez in the language quad, yes you heard me, she told me my oral skills are beyond compare!" 

I was trying to get my head around the situation. Becca was admitting to me that her whole persona of being this bookworm straight-A student was a lie. She was nothing but a grade-hooker turning tricks for passes. 

"Chemistry however is a different story. Oh sure I tried it on with Mr Hamilton. I tried every trick I could think of, but it's a no go. Apparently, he won't ever cheat on his wife or some stupid reason like that. Damn shame too, I would love to fuck him, even if he still flunked me!" She stopped for a moment as she puckered up in the mirror, wiping the soft red lipstick across her lips deftly. She stood there staring off into space with a wistful look on her face.

Something I should say about Mr Hamilton, he's a killer and I mean that in the best possible way. He's six-four, early fifties but still so fit, with salt-and-pepper hair and piercing blue eyes. The white t-shirts he always wears do little to hide the perfect pecs and delicious six-pack he has. His arms are equally as nice, just the right amount of definition, thick and round, always eye catching when they flex. Yes, I will admit, that even before my newfound appreciation of the male body, I often looked at Mr Hamilton and found myself in awe of his frame.

"However," she continued, "You know that bar on 61st? The gay bar behind the shopping centre?" she added, as I looked back nonplus about what she was saying. "Well anyway, Chrissy and me go there from time to time to get a drink. We figure they don't know us so there's no bother, and it's not as if any of the guys are going to hassle two girls now are they?" 

She did have a point, but when was she going to get to why I was there? "Becca I have homework, can we please get to the favour portion of this mess!" 

"Hold your horses, cowboy, I'm not done yet." She said glaring at me in the mirror. "Now where was I? Oh, Yes." Spinning around and dropping her lipstick back in her bag she continued.

"Last Friday Chrissy and me, were in there having a drink, when who should walk in? Mr Hamilton, in all his gorgeous glory, he couldn't see us where we were sitting, but we had him squarely in our sights. I couldn't believe it, Mr Hamilton a closet queer. I guess it explains why he turned me down now."

My mind was still a little confused trying to keep up with what Becca was saying, but, as confused as I was it didn't stop me from realizing exactly where this was heading.

"Wait a fucking minute, no way! I won't do it! You can't make me!" I blurted out, starting to feel very uncomfortable indeed.

She just stood there, her arms folded across her chest with a large smirk on her face. "Oh you will do it, and you will enjoy it, and you will do it as many times as he wants. Remember 'Babygirl', one word from me and your college life will become a lot harder!"

As much as I hated to admit it, she was right. College acceptance was hard enough without the idea of everyone knowing what had happened at the party. Let alone what Tom would say if he found out that while he had been fooling around with some sexy teenage girl, I had been bent over by his father and royally fucked by his big cock. There was no way out of this, I had to go along with Becca's demonic bidding and just hope that it would all prove fruitless. The realization was hard to swallow as Becca continued recounting the tale.

"He stayed around by the bar sipping his beer for a while, casually looking around. That was until he spotted this cute younger guy, about your age, sat on his own facing the wall. I have to tell you, Chrissy and me were so curious as to what was said, but he simply walked over to him and whispered something in the boy's ear." Becca paused taking a sip from her water bottle, "Mr Hamilton turned and left, a moment later the boy got up and followed him. Whatever he did say must have been good." 

"Fine, he likes guys, what do you need me to do?" I snapped getting rather impatient with Becca's tedious storytelling. 

"Ok, don't get your panties in a bunch!" Becca smirked, "That reminds me, there's a present for you in there." She pointed lazily at the first cubicle. 

I was beginning to regain some confidence in what I was doing, just about to steel myself for a final attempt at dissent as I pushed the door to see my 'present'. My mouth fell open, and I'm ashamed to admit that my cock stirred slightly. Hanging up on the back wall was a single hanger holding a short, pleated skirt in red tartan, and a skimpy white blouse. Also on the hanger sat a pair of black fishnet stockings and suspenders, as well as matching lacy panties and bra. "Wha..." was all I could utter.

"Sexy, don't ya think?" Becca said over my shoulder. "I think that little butt of yours will look so good peeking out from beneath that skirt!" 

I just stood there gobsmacked. I couldn't believe she had gone to so much trouble just for a damn grade! 

"Now, in about twenty minutes the last of the teachers will have left, so you'll be free and clear to pay him a visit. You better start getting ready." With a pat on my backside, Becca walked out the door putting her phone to her ear!

I just stood there, open mouthed for what seemed like forever. "What the fuck are you going to do now Danny?" I muttered under my breath, stepping forward and dropping my bag from my shoulder. I reached out a shaking hand and ran it over the coarse fabric of the stockings. My other hand dropped involuntarily to my crotch to squeeze the growing lump beneath my zipper. My mind was flooded with images of Mr Roberts' huge cock. The taste of his cum seemed to flit over my tongue, causing me to moan loudly. I clamped my hand over my mouth and began to laugh. I really didn't want to do what Becca was asking, but in the same breath, it was clear I really did.

I had to admit the outfit was really quite fetching, and Becca was right, my butt stuck out just enough beneath the hem of the skirt. My hands were shaking as I pulled the last shirt button through the loop and glanced at myself in the mirror. I was lost in my own little world, so much so that all I could do was moan as I felt Becca's hands slide from my stocking tops to my half covered ass cheeks. Even when I dressed for the party, I hadn't realised how feminine my features were. My blonde hair was only slightly different to a pixie cut, and with the addition of the cute white blouse and skirt, I was looking every bit as sexy as any young girl walking about the school halls.

"Mmmm, you've got A-plus written all over you, you little slut!" The sound of the smack echoed around the room, I meekly closed my eyes and bit my lip as I felt her hand strike my skin. "Oh yes, no wonder Dad fucked you, cute little sissy sluts like you deserve to be used by real men!" 

I'd be lying if I said her words didn't hurt, but at the same time, she was right. If I went through with this, I would become a sissy slut for real men, big hard cocks deep inside my mouth or tight ass. That thought alone was enough to make the tears recede and my cock to throb once more.

"But there's something missing." Turning from me Becca dived into her bag and began pulling out her make-up. I had long since given up the thought of protesting further, besides, part of me wanted to see what I'd look like with proper make-up on.

"Kneel!" She barked, and like a good sissy, I took command and sank to my knees. "After I'm done with you, the moment you lift up your skirt Mr Hamilton will get the biggest shock of his life." Becca said giggling to herself.

"Do I look ok?" I asked hesitantly putting on my best feminine voice. "I mean, do you think he will... you know." My voice was trembling and quite soft. I was honestly asking her opinion. Something inside me wanted some reassurance.

Becca peered at me as she finished my eyes. Her look was kind. I think she could sense my apprehension. "Don't you worry, any man would be a fool if they didn't want to get their hands on your little body babygirl!" I smiled up at her. "Now just a little finishing touch," popping the top of her lipstick, that unsurprisingly matched my outfit, she finished off her creation.

Clipping the top back on the lipstick, Becca helped me to my feet and looked me up and down. "If that doesn't get you fucked I don't know what will!" Her words were blunt, but they sent shockwaves through me. My cock began to grow once more.

As Becca started putting her things away I turned and took another long look at myself in the mirror, Becca was right. My cheeks were a nice rosy red and my lips shone brightly. My eyelashes were dark and a sultry blue framing my equally blue eyes. I smiled, relaxed and ready for the first time since I had spoken to Becca at lunchtime. I was going to seduce the fuck out of Mr Hamilton, and I was going to get my young ass thoroughly fucked!

Mr Hamilton's room was at the end of the corridor on the first floor, one of only two rooms still used in the block. I made my way downstairs slowly, still getting used to the heels, and trying not to make too much noise on the tiled floor. 

Becca had already scoped out the area and came to meet me at the end of the hallway. 

"Right, he's in there, on his own, marking exams. I want you to get in there and get me my A!" She smiled broadly, adjusting my collar and smoothing her hands over my hips. "Damn, if only I were a guy!" she added with a wink.

I steadied myself once more on my heels and stood up straight, with a final deep breath I marched off down the hallway. 

As I reached Mr Hamilton's door I peered through the tiny window. There I saw him, sat back in his chair, his feet out-stretched in front of him with an exam paper in front of his face. "Showtime!" I breathed to myself as I pushed the door open quietly. 

Sneaking in, I let my heels click on to the floor and the door to rock shut. Mr Hamilton dropped the paper below his eye line and peered over his glasses. "God he looks hot!" I thought as my heart raced. The paper slowly began to drop lower as I took steps towards him. His eyes roamed all over my body, I could almost feel them. 

"Hello Sir, a little birdy told me you'd be in here." I tried to swish my hips. Twisting slightly with each step as Becca had shown me; and it seemed to be working. "She said that Sir might want something to help him relax after a long haaard day of classes." I emphasized the words as my hand snaked up my thigh and over my stomach.

"You...can't be... no, you can't... you shouldn't be here." His stuttering made me giggle and suddenly I felt my body filled with lust as the butterflies fluttered violently in my stomach. Was he stuttering because of me? Was I turning him on? Was I making it hard for him to concentrate?

Mr Hamilton's eyes were gliding up and down my legs like a speeding elevator. I could hear his breathing become ragged. 

"Listen, I..." he started, sounding more in control of his faculties, "...oh wow..." he whispered as he continued to survey my body up and down, I giggled again. "Listen, I appreciate it, but I'm married, I can't... besides I'm a teac..."

"Shhh," I said calmly as I reached his desk, "I know that even married men sometimes crave a little..." pausing, I picked up his exam sheets, and bending from the waist I reached across his desk directly in front of him, and placed them down. "...extra." I said as I looked over my shoulder. Mr Hamilton's eyes fell on my stocking tops and began slowly lifting, growing wider as his gaze reached my perfect little butt on show for him. 

I could see the shock and indecision on his face; he was completely lost on what to do and how to react. Still holding the exam in his hands he sat, mesmerized by my naked butt, with just that thin sheet of lace covering me and leaving nothing to the imagination.

"So," I exclaimed as I straightened up, removing my butt from view. "What do you say," pulling the pages from between his fingertips and placing them on the desk, "to a little unwinding?" I dropped to my knees between his strong thighs. A hand on each leg, I squeezed gently, my hands sliding further and further upwards towards his crotch, a crotch that now looked significantly bigger up close.

I bit my lip and tried my best to look coy. My hands continued their journey up his thighs until I felt the tip of his, what could only be described as massive, cock. I looked into his eyes, trying not to look down, as he gasped loudly. My hand was trembling as it slid over the thick shaft, clearly I would need both hands to wield such a monster. 

"Oh fuck!" I exclaimed suddenly when my eyes fell to his lap and saw the outline my fingers were tracing. I froze, and my eyes didn't move. My heart raced as I realized that I had broken from character.
