 "If you're not happy about it, then you can get the fuck out of my house!"

"What am I wasting money on keeping you fed for when you're nothing but a useless, ungrateful piece of crap?"

"You're a waste of space! I knew I should've gotten an abortion!"

Those words kept ringing in Jason's ears as he stepped up to the door to Cody's house.

Swallowing his pride, he hefted his bag over his shoulder and rang the doorbell.

Jason wished he didn't have to do this. He knew Cody's parents didn't approve of him. They thought him a vagrant, and a thug, a bad influence on their precious son. 

But Jason had few other friends. He had no choice. Without a place to stay, Cody was the only person he could turn to take him in until he found better accommodations.

Cody was his best friend. Surely...surely he wouldn't turn him away, would he?

The door swung open and Jason was greeted by the stern face of Cody's father, Mr. Smith. The older man peered down his hooked nose at Jason with a disapproving glare.

"Oh...it's you, boy. What was it...Jake?"

"It's Jason," Jason answered. "...Sir."

He'd added that last part a little late, and with extra emphasis. He forgot that Cody had warned him his parents were the strict sort. But Mr. Smith's eyes had already narrowed to slits, and his nostrils flared.

"Well...to what do we owe the pleasure of your...unexpected arrival this evening?" Mr. Smith asked.

"Please...could I speak with Cody?" 

"Speak with my son? Why? You have a phone, don't you?" Mr. Smith said, looking ticked off.

"I just...I just need his help." Jason was being deliberately vague. He knew that without getting Cody to speak up for him, there was no way either Mr. or Mrs. Smith would let him into their house. Jason had often wondered how a nice, friendly guy like Cody could have come from such awful parents.

Well...at the very least, they were better than Jason's parents, though that wasn't saying much. 

Any pair of parents would be better than an absent father and an alcoholic mother.

"Dad? Who's at the door?" 

Cody had come to the front door as well, peeking in from behind his father. His eyes lit up upon seeing Jason.

"Oh, hey Jason!" he said, grinning. "I'm surprised. What brings you here?"

"Could I talk to you?" Jason asked. "In...private?"

Mr. Smith's eyes somehow managed to get even narrower than before. "What is this about?"

"Dad, could you give me and Jason a second?" Cody asked politely.

"...Very well. But do not take too long. You still have homework to finish."

"Yes, Dad."

Mr. Smith left, but not without one last scathing glance directed at Jason. As soon as his back was turned and it was just Jason and Cody left, Jason rolled his eyes.

"Seriously, what a stick in the mud that guy is..." Jason sighed.

"H-Hey...my dad's not all bad," Cody said reproachfully.

"He's such a dick-"

"J-Jason!"

"...I was going to say 'meanie'."

"S-Sure you were," Cody said, looking upset. 

"Sorry. Anyway...I...kinda need to ask a favor from you, man," Jason continued.

"What kind of favor? You couldn't tell me this over the phone?" Cody asked.

Jason fidgeted, worried now. "Listen...would it be alright if I stayed at your house tonight?"

"Wh-What?" Cody looked surprised. "You need a place to stay? What happened? Is it your mom?"

Jason felt a twinge of sadness at the look of genuine concern on Cody's face. A scumbag like him really didn't deserve to have Cody as a friend. He felt awful, even now, having to turn to him and ask him for this.

"Were you k-k-kicked out?" Cody asked, looking aghast. "Th-That's horrible!"

"That bitch brought another man home!" Jason spat venomously. "And she got drunk and high again, and she started wailing on me, and then she-"

"Ahh!" Cody was covering his ears. "That...sounds rough."

"Oh yeah...I forgot you don't like curse words."

Cody had been brought up in a really conservative household. Curse words and vulgarities were a big no-no in his family, and his parents' strictness on that topic had rubbed off on him as well, no matter how much Jason tried to get Cody to see there was really no harm in a few words.

"Look, that's not the point. I just...could you let me sleep over for tonight?" Jason pleaded.

Cody looked at the bag that Jason had with him, containing his clothes and measly possessions. "Jason..."

"I...I know this is kinda sudden, but...I don't have anyone else to turn to. I just...I really need a place to stay for the night...and maybe longer. I don't know, I..." Jason was getting nervous now. 

What if Cody turned him away? Then he'd truly have no place left to go. He'd be forced to sleep in the streets. Perhaps he'd end up in some back alley somewhere, bunking with homeless people, using trash bags as pillows and pieces of cardboard for blankets.

The thought of it filled Jason with dread. But...

"Jason, I..." Cody began, looking uncertain.

"No, you know what...s-sorry. You probably don't want me impeding on you and your family...I get it. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have come here. Don't worry about me!" Jason said, forcing a fake smile. "I'll find somewhere else to spend the night."

"N-No, wait! I couldn't do that to you," Cody said, looking guilty. "J-J-Just wait here! I'll g-go see if my parents are cool with you spending the night!"

Cody's words filled Jason with relief and he smiled. "Thanks, Cody."

Cody nodded reassuringly at him and retreated back into his house. 

That was Cody for you. Always kind and helpful to a fault, almost too much for his own good, to the point where he almost couldn't say no to anyone, and it often led to other people taking advantage of his kindness.

Of course, that was where Jason came into the picture. Whenever Cody was too soft-hearted to stop people from mistreating him, it would be Jason that stepped in to protect his friend.

Cody had been Jason's best friend for years now. They shared an odd relationship. On paper, the two of them should never have been friends to begin with.

Cody was a nice boy. Always respectful to his teachers and elders, friendly to all his peers, blindly optimistic and naive to boot, and a very emotionally sensitive nature. 

He was a total Teacher's Pet. Never handing in an assignment late, focused and attentive during lessons and actually enjoying his studies. Jason never understood how Cody did it. He, on the flip side, was lazy, flippant and often couldn't care less about his own education, much to Cody's chagrin. Jason doubted he would have even made it this far in school if not for Cody's patient tutoring. 

Jason remembered the time Cody had found a stray cat getting stoned by a bunch of rowdy teenagers a couple years back. Instead of pushing the kids away, he'd gone into the fray to protect the cat himself, shielding it with his own body. In the end, Jason had to be the one to beat the other teenagers up, though Cody had protested against the use of violence every step of the way. 

Ultimately, the poor cat had taken too much of a beating and succumbed to its injuries. Cody had cried afterwards and been depressed for a week, and Jason had had a hard time cheering him up.

Jason, on the other hand, was a much more impulsive person. While Cody was skinny and had very little muscle on his body, Jason was considerably stronger and more athletic. Sports was the one lesson in school Jason actually took an interest in. And with his build, Jason wasn't the kind of person to shy away from violence.

Perhaps it was their difference in backgrounds that had contributed to that. Cody's father was a district attorney, and his mother was a businesswoman. Both his parents were pretty strict and that showed in the way they'd raised their only son. His parents abhorred rebellion and rule-breaking behavior of any sort, and so Cody grew up with a strong sense of deference for authority. He was a total goody-two-shoes, which was why Cody's parents hated the idea of their model son being friends with a thug like Jason.

Jason's father had abandoned his mother when he had been young. His mother had gotten into drugs and heavy drinking, and worked odd jobs to raise him and keep them both fed. But that often put her in the path of seedy customers, and frequently, she brought those customers home with her to...have fun. 

It wasn't exactly the ideal home environment to grow up in. 

Honestly, Jason felt like he owed a lot to Cody. He'd been depressed before, and had come close to straying down the wrong path multiple times. It had been Cody who'd encouraged him not to give up on himself and Jason didn't want to disappoint his friend, who he felt was the last person on Earth who truly gave a crap about him.

Even his own mother didn't have much love for Jason, given that she'd just kicked him out earlier that night for arguing with one of her...customers.

Cody returned to the door. 

"Hey! They said they're cool with it. You can come on in! We can share my room," Cody said, looking pleased with himself.

"Thanks, man. You're a life-saver," Jason said gratefully, making a move to enter the house.

"Oh, wait! Your shoes. My parents wouldn't like you tracking mud all over their floors, hehe," Cody said.

"Gee, yeah, that would be bad," Jason said, snorting as he took off his shoes.

Cody let Jason in. Jason had been to Cody's house only a couple of times before, but hadn't stayed long because his parents had never approved much of him.

Of course, they never said that to Jason's face, and Cody would often deny it whenever Jason brought it up that his parents clearly disliked him. But it was obvious from the way they acted whenever they were around Jason. 

Like right now...

Mrs. Smith was scowling, arms crossed as she stood in the hallway and stared at Jason.

"You're that Jason boy, are you?" she snapped, looking irritated.

"That's me, yeah," Jason said. "Ma'am," he added, when Cody shot him a sideways glance.

"Hmph," Mrs. Smith muttered. "Very well. Why'd you need a place to stay? Don't you have a home?"

"Mommm," Cody whined. 

"Hush, sweetie. I'm asking your friend a simple question. He can answer for himself," she said.

"I do...but my mom...needs me to move out for a while," Jason said, choosing his words carefully.

"Hmph." Was that all Mrs. Smith could say in response?

Mr. Smith had arrived too. 

"So, how long do you plan on staying, boy?" Mr. Smith asked.

It was that condescending use of the term 'boy' that always got under Jason's skin. He could feel Mr. Smith's eyes analyzing him and scrutinizing him from head-to-toe from behind his small, horn rimmed glasses.

"Erm...just...a couple days," Jason lied.

In truth, he had no idea how long he'd be staying. But he knew there was no way he'd find another place to stay by this time tomorrow, and there was no way Cody's parents would tolerate him staying here indefinitely. A couple days seemed like a good enough timeframe for now.

"Hmph," Mrs. Smith responded again. 

"It's alright, Mom. Jason can stay in my room for now," Cody offered helpfully. 

"And he won't distract you from your schoolwork?" Mr. Smith asked.

"No, Dad. I promise."

"He won't keep you up at night? Healthy boys need lots of sleep, you know."

"I'll be fine, Mom. Right, Jason?"

"Y-Yeah, right," Jason said, fighting the urge to puke.

How did Cody live with these two always breathing down his neck like this?

"Come on, Jason! I'll show you my room." Cody led Jason upstairs quickly, leaving his grumbling parents behind. 

As soon as Cody had let Jason into his bedroom and shut the door behind them, Jason finally let out a sigh of relief, dropping his overnight bag to the floor. 

"Thank fuck we're away from them," he said, looking around Cody's room.

"W-Watch the language, m-man," Cody muttered.

Cody's room was pretty small. He only had the one bed, and a large desk full of textbooks, worksheets and papers.

"Wow. I see you've been studying hard," Jason said.

"O-Of course," Cody muttered, folding his arms. "I'm not a constant procrastinator like someone else I know."

Jason smiled. It wasn't often Cody found the confidence to tease him back.

Bookshelves lined the rest of the walls, filled with various books ranging from teenage fiction to thick volumes on scientific topics.

"Have you actually read all these?" Jason wondered aloud.

"Of course I have," Cody replied again. "I...I love reading."

"Heh. Nerd."

"W-Well, what else would I do?" Cody said defensively. "You know my parents don't approve of video games."

"Or pretty much any other hobby," Jason retorted. "You've got to live a little, man. You're 18 years old! Try other stuff. Who cares if your parents don't allow it?"

"I...I care..." Cody muttered, blushing.

"But who cares about these books? Where are the porn mags?" Jason joked.

"Wh-What?! O-Of course I wouldn't have any of those! My parents would murder me!" Cody spluttered, looking embarrassed.

"Suuure you don't," Jason laughed.

"Grr...don't make me regret letting you stay here for the night," Cody said.

"Fine, fine. I'm sorry. Look, really...I appreciate what you're doing for me. Without you, I'd...probably be out on the streets right now."

Cody was blushing again. "Don't mention it, man. That's what friends are for."

"Right..." Jason sighed, sinking down onto Cody's bed.

"It's your mom again, right?" Cody asked, looking concerned. "Is she on your case again?"

"I can't stand her. As soon as I can...I'm going to move out," Jason said.

"But what about university?" Cody asked.

"I don't know. I'll probably just find work after we graduate."

"Without your diploma?" Cody looked stunned. Of course, from his eyes, he'd never seen anything but a bright future ahead of him. For Jason, it was much the opposite.

In some ways...Jason was jealous of Cody, though he would never admit it, especially given how kind Cody had always been to him even when Jason really didn't deserve it.

"You'd still be friends with me even if I became a jobless loser, right?" Jason said, only half-joking.

"O-Of course! B-But that wouldn't happen, surely..." Cody said, his sentence trailing off.

"Haha, alright, enough with this downer talk," Jason said. "I don't want to depress you."

"Wh-What are you going to do about your situation though? D-Do you have a place to stay after tonight?" Cody asked.

"I don't know...you were the first person who came to mind. I don't have any other relatives or friends to turn to..."

"Th-That's not good...why don't you just stay here until you find a new place? Or until you make up with your mother?" Cody offered.

"That's nice of you but there's no way your parents would allow it. They'd be the ones chasing me out instead."

"B-But we can let you stay! I'll...I'll try and c-convince them!" Cody insisted. "Really! I can't just leave you in the l-l-lurch!"

"You're already going out of your way to let me stay over tonight, man," Jason said. "Look, you let me worry about my own problems. It's my problem and...I don't want to intrude."

"N-Nonsense. As your b-best friend, it's my duty to try and help you out, isn't it?" Cody said.

"Yeah, but-"

"No 'buts'. If you still haven't found a proper place to stay after two days, then I'll insist on my parents letting you stay, myself!"

Jason laughed. "In all the years we've known each other, I've hardly ever seen you stand up to your folks. This is what finally gets you to have the cajones to do so? Me and my stupid issues?"

"Th-They're not stupid..." Cody muttered. "It's not your fault that your mom's...well..."

"A horrible parent?" Jason offered.

"D-Don't say that about her...she's still your mother..."

"She's an awful one, that's for sure."

"C-Come on, Jason..."

"Alright, alright, I'll stop. Jeez...I can never just let loose and talk bad about anyone in your presence," Jason said. "You're always too nice to be mean to anyone."

"Th-That's so not true! I can be mean at times! I can!" Cody said, annoyed.

"Haha...sorry, but you're like a kitten trying to act like a ferocious dog. It's just not working out."

"You're so mean..." Cody whined. "A-Anyway...do you have spare clothes in that bag? Or will you be needing some of mine?"

"It's okay, I've brought my own. Thanks anyway. Um...but where will I be sleeping?"

"Oh, you can just use a spare mattress," Cody offered. "I'll go get one for you."

"Your bed has two, doesn't it?" Jason said, looking down at the bed he was sitting on. "Why don't we just use one of-"

"N-No! No, please, I...um...yeah, it's fine. I'll go ask my parents to get you a spare mattress from the storage room," Cody said hurriedly.

Jason blinked. That was a sudden outburst. Cody quickly shot him a reassuring grin.

"I-It's nothing, really...just, you'll...find it more comfortable! That's all."

"Okay...? Cool," Jason said. 

"You want to take a shower first?" Cody asked. "I was just about to take one myself."

"Oh, sure, but you can go first. I don't mind waiting," Jason said.

"Alright then. Y-You just stay here, okay?"

Cody quickly left the room, and Jason heard him calling down to his parents in the living room, asking for a spare mattress. While Cody went to the bathroom, Jason decided to take a look around his room. 

He'd only been up here a couple times before, not often. They'd never had a sleepover before, mostly because of his parents' disapproval, so Jason hadn't really gotten to know Cody's room all that well. 

Cody didn't seem to have a lot in his room that could be used for fun. No action figures...no games, obviously...not even any movies. And, of course, no porn mags either. Though Jason supposed that with the internet nowadays, no one really used magazines anymore.

"I wonder why Cody was so adamant I didn't just use one of his mattresses..." Jason thought to himself.

There was a knock on the door as Mr. Smith came in, lugging in a spare mattress. It was considerably smaller than Cody's bed, and looked pretty musty too. Mr. Smith dumped it on the floor by Cody's bed, and smirked a little at Jason. "There you go."

"Thanks," Jason said, trying to hide the sarcasm from his voice.

As much as he disliked Cody's strict parents and how controlling they were of their son, he knew he had no choice but to be civil if he wanted to stay here.

Mr. Smith stared at Jason for a few moments, before folding his arms. "Cody's not here right now...so let me just be the first to warn you."

"Warn me?" Jason wasn't sure what to expect.

Mr. Smith sniffed obnoxiously, staring down his nose at Jason again. "I think you're well aware that my wife and I do not approve of your friendship with Cody."

Jason blinked. Again...he wasn't sure how to respond to that.

"But...we cannot help who he chooses to befriend. He is far too gullible and innocent to see you for who you truly are...that being said...I hope you will restrict yourself from being too much of a bad influence on him. At this stage of his life...the last thing he needs is for someone like you to lead him onto the wrong path," Mr. Smith said.

Jason felt anger welling up within him, but forced it back down. "I...promise I won't do anything like that...sir."

Mr. Smith sniffed again. "I'm warning you, boy. I only tolerate your presence because of my son, but I am watching you..."

He turned on his heel and stalked out of the room, missing the middle finger that Jason flashed his back.

Prick.

Jason couldn't help but think back to how he and Cody first met, and the circumstances that had ultimately led to their unlikely friendship. 

When they'd first met in school, several years ago, Cody had had a hard time socializing with their classmates. It wasn't that people disliked him or anything. It was just that he had been shy and awkward, which was to be expected. Cody's parents hadn't let him interact with many other kids his age, being as overprotective as they were, and so he'd had a hard time finding common ground with the other kids in class.
