 Thank you all who have been reading and following along. I always appreciate getting Thank you all who have been reading and following along. I always appreciate getting feedback. It helps with becoming a better writer and it's always an ego boost, so feel free to reach out. I will always respond!

The usual spiel: This isn't a stroke story, (more porn with plot.) Be warned, it's very long. 33 chapters, and many sexless ones, which is why it was originally published under novels/novellas, but readers asked for it to be put under gay male due to content, so here we go.

BREAKING NEWS: For those patient souls who made it this far, Sam and Ben FINALLY cross the sexy bridge!

This book is dedicated to all of the brave service members and their families who sacrifice so much every day so that the rest of us can enjoy the liberties that they swear to protect and uphold.

Although references in this novel may be made to actual places or events, the names, characters, incidents, and locations within are complete works of fiction. They are not a resemblance to actual living or dead persons, businesses, or events. Any similarity is coincidental. In an effort to do the United States Army justice, and to show my respect to my country, I have applied all possible efforts to merge fact and fiction to entertain, while portraying the military, and the hardships and achievements of soldiers, with respect, dignity and accuracy to the best of my abilities. It's my hope that I've done you all justice, and that all of the creative licenses taken with this novel are understood to be the efforts of imagination, and not any judgment or disrespect against the U.S. military. Thank you all for your service.

***

When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.

—Lao Tzu

As tempting as Ben's mouth was, I knew that as soon as our lips touched, I'd be done. Trying to keep some control, I let my lips glide up the side of his neck instead, exploring spots that triggered Ben's moans. There was a subtle range to the litany of sound, and when I stopped just beneath his ear and flicked my tongue across his skin, his tone went from baritone to tenor.

He freed his hands and pulled me hard against him. Hip to hip, I grinned against his throat.

"I was paying the toll."

My laughter was muffled when Ben kissed me full out, and I gave in immediately. The pleasure I took in teasing him wasn't worth being away from the warmth of his mouth for long. There were still the remnants of his sweetened coffee on his tongue, and I wished we hadn't gone to the café so I could taste him instead.

Ben came up for air before I did, pulling away for a brief second, staring into my face. Then we were moving again, laughing as we tried to navigate the living room without breaking contact or falling over the coffee table. Somehow I ended up on the couch, sinking into the overstuffed cushions. Ben leaned in and pushed me back against them to cover me with his body. There wasn't a chance even a breath of air could get between us when Ben found my mouth again.

He kissed me until my head spun. As eager as I was to get on to other things, I couldn't make myself break away from those drugging kisses. With each one, Ben stripped away another layer of my reservations, taking me apart piece by piece, to remake me the way he chose.

"Last chance to stop, Sam."

"I don't want you to stop."

"Prove it. Strip."

Ben's fingers stroked down the side of my hip, helping me to sit up. By day, Ben was subservient, serving others who needed him. But his hands weren't passive now as they explored every inch he could reach. His mouth on mine was demanding, expecting everything from me. When he pulled back, he nipped my chin.

"When was the last time you were with Max?"

"Does it matter?"

Ben tilted his head, cupping my face to look at me. Long, lean fingers caressed my temples for a minute before they slid low enough for his thumbs to trace over my bottom lip.

"Just want to know if I should grab a condom. I'm clean. Haven't been with anyone in years."

Had it been anyone else asking, there would've been no hesitation in my saying yes to the rubber. Not playing it safe had never crossed my mind before. It was an intense level of trust and commitment, and I knew what that level of intimacy would mean to Ben in his world. Though Little Sam loved the idea, since I could already imagine how good it would feel if he took me bare, my big head had the sense to hit the brakes. It still killed me a little inside though when I said, "Condom." 

Ben studied me like he could read my mind, and I squirmed until he smiled. "Okay," he agreed. "Baby steps."

Rolling me onto my back, a firm hand on my hip tugged me under him as Ben straddled my hips to get as much leverage as possible on the narrow couch. It would've been smarter to just head to the bedroom, but neither of us seemed to want to break apart for that long.

My arms went over my head as he pushed my shirt up past the barrier of my ribs and shoulders so it could drop from my fingertips. Before it even hit the floor, his hands had moved on to my jeans. His minor struggle with a stubborn zipper that refused to cooperate with temporarily clumsy hands, and wet denim did nothing to ruin the moment. It just made things feel more intense when he finally did get my jeans off. He stared down at me like he wanted to eat me alive, and a quiver of excitement rippled up my spine.

"Proof immeasurable that there is a God," he murmured, pressing one knee into the edge of the couch for balance. His hand scraped low to caress the smooth skin around my crotch. "I wasn't expecting this."

My ears burned. "Force of habit. In the field it's important to keep things neat and clean because of bedbugs and—"

I caught myself when Ben grinned. "Smooth talker," he teased as I flushed harder. "It's not a complaint, Sam. Gives me more skin to explore." His voice deepened, and I felt it as intimately as if he'd wrapped that sweet mouth around my cock.

Reaching up to curl my fingers through the belt loops on his jeans, I pulled Ben forward. Our bodies lined up perfectly as I invited him down for another kiss. He took over, and his tongue teased the corners of my mouth, coaxing as much as he commanded. I wasn't sure who moaned first, but it didn't matter when Ben's hands moved to my hips to arch them up against his thickening cock. When I nipped his bottom lip, the pressure of those hands became more demanding, just this side of painful.

I moved my hands down his body, encouraging him by kneading his ass. When he moaned into my mouth, I worked one hand between us at an awkward angle to free his cock from the fabric restraint. It left a wet trail against my belly as Ben broke off our kiss to lick down the side of my throat. His teeth scraped my Adam's apple, and I leaned my head back into the couch arm to grant him complete access.

The air trapped between us warmed, the scent of arousal heady. Heat curled low in my belly when Ben kicked off his jeans. He returned to my mouth, kissing the breath right out of me. I gasped against his lips. "Jesus, you feel so good."

"Leave him out of it. I'm off the clock, and don't want to share you with anyone else tonight."

My laugh was muffled by Ben's mouth as he pulled me in for another kiss. My hand snaked down his body again, making contact with velvet soft, powdery smooth skin stretched tight over his erection and his cock jerked in my hand at the contact. He groaned when I smeared the drop of pre-cum I found at the tip around his rim with my thumb.

"Yes, just like that, Samuel."

My full name in that masculine whisper made things in my body tighten with a need that had nothing to do with the raging desire below my waistline. No one had ever called me Samuel except my father and my superiors in the military, and now Ben was taking it back and making it his.

"Don't make me come yet," Ben warned, his hand moving to cover mine. He pressed down hard, trying to prevent his orgasm. "I want inside you."

This time it was my hand that reached down to yank hard at my own balls until the pain pushed away the pleasure I was hurtling toward. Ben's laughter warmed the skin beneath my ear.

"Someone likes dirty talk? Hmm...so if I say I want to push into you until I can feel us pressed together so tightly that not even the air can get through, what does that do?"

He felt exactly what it did when my dick threatened to bore through his mid-section.

"What if I admit I want to lick every part of you wide open until you're wet and screaming for me?"

My teeth gritted. "You really want to have a conversation right now?"

"You don't have to talk. Just listen."

Ben licked along my ear, catching the lobe between his teeth.

I groaned, thrusting up at the same moment he slid away. My knees came up to try and keep him trapped, but Ben rolled off with the grace of a gymnast. I'd have admired the move if I hadn't been hard enough to pound nails.

My growl amused him, and I wondered about his sense of self-preservation when he held a hand down to me. He smiled, planting his feet hard on the carpet to keep me from dragging him down.

"Come on. We can barely fit on this couch, so it's not the place I plan to make love to you for the first time."

Those words affected me more than the dirty talk, and slowed my spinning mind for a moment. "Ben—"

"Nuh-uh," he said, pulling me into his body before he pressed us back into the hallway wall. "My place, my rules. Stop thinking and just feel, Sam. Lose yourself."

Too late. 

I couldn't worry about it though, because Ben's mouth was on mine again, and his hands were everywhere. I fell apart beneath those sure fingers like butter in the sun as we staggered into the bedroom.

My knees hit the back of the bed when Ben crowded me. I wasn't sure if he'd pushed me or if I'd stumbled, but on my back with Ben's fingers teasing my sac, it didn't matter. A sharp inhale rolled my eyes back in my head. Ben's fingers were gentle but sure as he stroked lazy circles around my entrance. My hole contracted hard, unsatisfied with the lack of more intense friction.

"Stay here. I need the lube and condoms in the nightstand," Ben said, reaching over my head before I could protest. There was a scuffling sound of wood, and the whine of a drawer being opened that matched my anxious one.

"Patience. Good things come to those who wait."

"And the meek shall inherit the earth. But they won't get laid."

Ben laughed as I pushed him over when he was stretched on his side to grab the condom, getting him under me. Every part of us was perfectly aligned, and I could feel how interested some of those parts were.

The dull edge of his nails left red marks along my hips, and my entire body broke into pleasurable goose bumps.

"Now I can't get to the lube." His eyes met mine, and heat streaked down my spine like lightning when he smiled. "It's by your left leg. Pop the cap and warm it between your fingers, Sam."

My breath caught. I remembered the conversation on Maplewood's porch about taking orders when I wanted to. Seemed Ben did, too.

I obeyed silently, the cold gel warming fast to match my spiking body temperature. When Ben held out his hand, I smeared some of the slick from my skin to his.

"Turn around and lean over," he said. "I want to see all of you."

I swore as my knees buckled, not from the pressure I was putting on them, but because at that exact moment my mind decided it would be a good idea to give me a full color visual of how I'd look straddling Ben's hips, ass offered to him like a gift.

"Easy," he said, pressing a kiss to the small of my lower back. "Knees wide, Soldier. Wider. Hold it. Stroke yourself, but do it slow."

Sweet Mother Mary. 

I wasn't expecting Ben to roll halfway up against the pillows, and lick the edges of the intricately drawn eagle on my back that vigilantly guarded the cluster of dog tags bearing all the names of my fallen brothers.

Most people who saw the tattoo reacted either by ignoring it with visible discomfort, or by showing stomach-turning interest in knowing its meaning, like the American flag cushioning the dog tags wasn't a clear enough statement. Ben just accepted the ink as part of me, and the fact that he paid reverent, but silent homage to it made my throat tighten.

Ben's lips moved on, and I braced myself hard with one hand on the mattress. Thoughts of anyone but him faded in the surge of desire that hit me when his voice urged me to wrap the shaking fingers of my free hand around my cock. I hissed in surprise, because my palm was so much cooler than the shaft. My skin tingled with awareness from the rough texture of the calluses on my fingertips.

With my back to him, Ben couldn't see the way my cock wept, giving me more lubricant to keep a steady glide up and down. He didn't seem to mind. Words of praise fell from his lips like a benediction.

My groan was muffled against the inside of my arm when Ben moved his hand down to the pucker between my spread cheeks. Warm, slippery fingers tested the resistance of my ring, and I growled when his other hand stopped my hips from pushing back. Again and again Ben stroked and teased, until my body finally loosened, and he was able to get the tip of his finger in without pain. He immediately withdrew, then slowly worked it back in up to his knuckle.

As much as I appreciated the consideration, I wanted him now. Needed that control of his to snap so he would put me under him hard.

Ben's protest died off into a surprised groan when I slid my hand back, crowding his at a slightly awkward angle to push two fingers hard into my body beside his. With only the thin layer of lube still on my hands, the fit was too tight, but I wanted that burn. It kept me grounded, right in this moment.

I felt the shudder vibrate through Ben's skin when he removed his finger and curled both hands into my hips so hard I felt the bite of his fingernails. The pressure increased with every exhale, as if he was trying to keep himself centered while I finger fucked myself. When he finally let me go, his voice was steady, but I could feel the tension in his body, hardening it even more under the layer of muscle.

"I need to be inside you. Turn around so I can see your face."

Ben's eyes blazed hot with sexual tension when I faced him, his thick cock curling up toward his belly. He must've been the first in line the day that God had been handing out generous gifts.

I fumbled in the tangled sheets to find the condom. It slipped out of my hand because of the gel still on my fingers, and Ben grinned when I swore. To avoid a repeat, I tore the package open with my teeth, spit out the foil, and removed the rubber. Ben's hand stopped me when I tried to roll it down his shaft.

"If you touch me, I won't be able to control myself. Been too long."

"I don't care."

He smiled at the desperation in my voice. "Yes you do. And I liked what you were doing before, but I want to see your expression match the responses of your body. So keep stretching yourself while I calm down a little. Go."

Yes, sir. My cock saluted as I reached for the lube to coat my fingers. While Ben watched, I reached behind and worked my fingers into my own ass again. Each time I added another finger, I slowed down enough to let Ben get the full effect. When I was three deep, we groaned together. It wasn't difficult to find a rhythm that made my teeth clench in pleasure. The problem was not embarrassing myself by blowing my load like a teenage kid.

"Other hand on yourself, Sam," he commanded, curling his left arm behind his head. The right steadied my hip after he got the condom on. "I got you. Show me what gets you off."

My hole clenched around my fingers when I dragged my other hand down my cock and then back up. The edge of my thumbnail scraped beneath the rim hard the way I liked. I saw Ben's eyes track the movement.

"Do you know how many times I've pictured this?" he breathed. "You, completely at my mercy because you made the choice?"

My strokes wavered as Ben abruptly sat up. He caught my face between his hands, angling my mouth closer for a maddening, gentle kiss. "Don't stop touching yourself. Keep going, baby."

Coming from Ben, the endearment didn't bother me the way it did with Max who used it casually with everyone. It felt like it meaning something just for me from Ben, and just amped up the intimacy one extra notch. Gooseflesh rose on my arms all the way up to my shoulders, and I felt my balls tighten up in warning. Ben must've felt the change in my rhythm, because his teeth nipped my lower lip hard, adding another level of overwhelming sensation. I wasn't sure how much more I could take.

"Deep down, Sam, you want someone to take care of you the way you look after everyone else. You want to let go, and you're going to do it for me right now because you want to show me how well you follow every one of my orders."

"Fuck!" Ribbons of white exploded from my cock, splattering over Ben's smooth golden skin like a perverse Pollock painting.

My cum was sticky and warm when Ben rolled my still sensitive body beneath his, kissing me hard enough to mash our teeth together. Later I'd have something to say about the mess congealing between our bodies, but right now it was just what I needed.

Ben's kisses were demanding, but gentle at the same time. I'd been around the block a few times, and not one of those hookups ever kissed me the way he did, which was tragic for the rest of the world. What he did with the press of his mouth, and the teasing game of chase with his tongue, locked me in the moment. Almost enough to distract me from the heat of his cock boring into my belly. Almost.

"I want you to fuck me," I said, not even trying to make it sound like I had any control left.

"Ask and you shall receive."

I tightened my knees around his hips when Ben slid a hand under me to push a pillow beneath mine. For about two seconds, it was tempting to make a wisecrack about romance not being dead. But then Ben shoved into me, letting my ass swallow his cock and my mind went into final death.

Sweat dampened Ben's skin where it touched mine, creating a gliding friction as he worked his way past the tight outer ring. It'd been a while since the last time I'd slept with Max, and even with all the stretching earlier, my body struggled against the request to yield. Ben was determined. He withdrew, then pushed back in, always waiting in between those short bursts for my body to adjust before forging ahead. Despite what I'd asked for, he was giving me something else. Not a quick fuck meant to keep walls up, but a slow, thorough loving that smashed through them and made a clear-cut claim on my soul.

I groaned, holding onto the hard line of his shoulder for traction as I forced myself down deeper on Ben's cock. The pain slid up my spine in a slow burn. When it melted into pleasure, I was too far gone to care. He was going to kill me, but the epitaph on my headstone—"Here lies Sam Trammel, a man fucked into his happy afterlife"— would be memorable as hell.

I didn't fight him when Ben caught my hands and trapped them over my head. Whatever he wanted, I was willing to give it to him.

Ben drove me hard, then brought me down, only to start again from the beginning. Angling his hips, he awakened every nerve ending in my body. Had I been able to slow my reeling mind, I'd have joked about his stamina. But all I could do was hold on for the ride, feeling the desire build between us as he plundered my body.

The rumble of his vocal cords vibrated against my skin when he spoke into my ear. His voice was too low for me to hear it clearly, but the intensity in his tone relayed the message with the same distinction it would've had if he'd been shouting.
