 It was my 22nd Birthday and I was anxious to get off work and get back home to my apartment. My fuck buddy, Paula was my neighbor and a slut. She was as naughty and nasty as I am so I knew she had something good in store for me for the big double deuce! I sat at my desk thinking what she was going to surprise me with besides making me a home cooked meal, cake and her pussy. As I pondered on the drive home, I didn't have a clue what was in store for me, but when it was all over, this was a very memorable 22nd birthday!

I parked my car in front of my apartment and sat in my car for a few moments watching for activity behind my curtains. Nothing, it was dark inside so I figured that as soon as I walked in, the lights would go on and everyone Paula invited would jump out and surprise me with birthday wishes etc. I got out of my car and headed to my apartment door. Just as I was about to turn the lock, the door opened in a flash and I was grabbed by a few pair of hands and lifted into my darkened apartment.

In a flash my arms were behind me and handcuffed, my eyes blindfolded. I felt my shirt being ripped and buttons popping off. I struggled a bit but there were too many hands on me that every move I made was quickly stopped. I heard the familiar sound of scissors cutting at my pants, hands grabbing my feet and pulling off both shoes and socks, the only piece of clothing that they didn't shred from my body was my boxer briefs. I could hear muffled voices and my clothes being thrown on the floor somewhere behind me. 

"On your knees bitch!" the voice was a sexy hiss that sounded like my gay neighbor Steve. 

Obviously I didn't move fast enough as two knees simultaneously rammed into the back of mine and I was soon kneeling on the floor. No sooner did my knees hit the floor my ankles were bound with something soft and velvety, probably a silk tie or scarf. Not a sound emanated from within my apartment and I strained to hear what was about to happen next but my thoughts were quickly cut off by the feel of something cold and dry being wrapped around my throat. I heard a snap knowing that whatever was being placed around my neck was now secured. I heard what sounded like a chain and then something clicked onto my neckwear.

"All good bitches wear a collar!" I swear that it was my neighbor Steve.

I heard what sounded like Steve's voice whisper something inaudible to someone else in the room, and then everyone in unison started singing. As they sang me the traditional happy birthday song, I noticed it was all male voices singing. I shuddered as if someone had poured an ice cold bucket of water over me. When the singing was done everyone cheered mixed in with some whistling and clapping.

"Quiet down, quiet down!" it was Paula, finally a familiar voice. "I first wanna thank everyone for coming...well, soon enough!" A roar of laughter filled the room at Paula's last remark but she continued, "Some of you have cum here before," this time there was enthusiastic cheering, "and for the rest of you...raise your hand if you haven't cum here before."

I waited in eager anticipation, my cock was getting hard.

"Wow! That is a lot of new guys here!" Paula exclaimed. "No need to worry, our man slut of the hour just loves strangers! Shit, some of you may have already met him before and didn't even know it!" obviously she was referring to the adult bookstore I like to frequent and slip into the arcade booths for some gloryhole action!

The crowd was now cheering even louder and more excited than before. My cock was getting harder and I could feel myself start to tremble in anticipation of what was about to transpire. I could hear the shuffling of feet coming towards me and knew I was surrounded completely by my guests. I knew they were close, I could feel their body heat and my body started to bead with sweat. I felt Paula's enormous melons press against my back as her arms reached around me, she clamped her thumbs and forefingers on my nipple loops and pulled. The sweet pain shot like an arrow through my nipples all the way down to my hardening cock. My underwear was now wet with pre-semen!

"Now that we sang happy birthday to you, it's time for you to blow out your candles!" Before she stepped away, Paula gave my nipple rings a firm tug that made me moan out. 

Immediately there were hands grabbing and pulling at my nipple rings, other hands were fondling my back and hair and then a hard cock was being stuffed into my mouth. I gobbled it quickly and started bobbing up and down on it. Another hard cock was next to the first one and was forcing its way into my mouth also. I desperately wanted to reach and grab both and fuck my mouth at the same time with them, but my hands were cuffed behind my back.

There were so many cocks around me and I could feel that each wanted a turn in my mouth! My head was being pulled to the left, the center and then right and back again. Cock after cock filled my mouth. At one point someone grabbed my hair and pulled my head backwards and my mouth was filled with even more cock! Every size was available to me, some thick, some thin, long and short and I willingly sucked them all.

I tried calling Paula to see if my hands were able to be freed, but to no avail. No sooner did I open my mouth to call her another stiff dick was being shoved into my mouth. Moans and groans filled my apartment and most of them were from me! My face was being slapped by hard cock, dirty, filthy comments were spewing from everyone fucking my face and I loved it.

A short cock was fucking my mouth when Steve commanded in his best "straight" voice, "Move! This is how you fuck a dirty whore's mouth!" he grabbed my ears and shoved all eight thick inches into my mouth and down my throat! He bucked hard against my face and I thought he was going to break my nose.

"Whoa!" the guests cheered in unison. Other comments were, "Fuck that slut!" and "Oh shit!" and even still, "Skull-fuck that whore Steve!"

As Steve continued his assault in my mouth I could feel the silk scarf untied and the cuffs on my wrists unlock. I reached around and cupped Steve's firm ass with one cuff still dangling on my wrist. He long dicked my mouth, pulling his cock almost completely out before slamming all of it back in. The slow pace and quick velocity was a deliciously torturous sensation, I love having my mouth fucked that way by a big dick. Steve pulled out and disappeared.

I felt the dog collar being pulled so I crawled on all fours and then was commanded to stop and remain in that position by Paula. I knew I was by my sofa as two strong hands grabbed the back of my head and pulled me down onto his hard cock. I started bobbing and deep throating the meat stick in my mouth. As usual when I am deep throating a cock, I slide my tongue out and lap at the balls, these were nice and hairy. As I had his cock buried deep in my throat, I reached out with both hands and grabbed onto a pair of cocks. I was sucking and jerking like a wanton whore.

A few pairs of hands were pulling down my underwear and someone spit on my butthole, I squirmed in expectation. Then I felt a thick, bulbous head poking at my backdoor followed by warm spit. The owner of thick cockhead slowly slid it in my anus and I arched up. He buried it deep in my ass until his hairy balls were touching my own clean shaven balls. Then he started fucking me like a whore, I resumed gobbling cock after cock. 

Guys were taking turns butt fucking me and after the third stud, I realized none of them had filled my ass with cum. When the fourth guy took his spot behind me, I felt the cool sensation of K-Y Jelly being squirted in my butt and then his hard cock. This cock was nice and thick and definitely filled my ass. At first I thought it was Steve's big dick in my ass, but I could hear him off to my right laughing and chatting it up with some of the guys I had sucked on.

This stud behind me knew how to fuck. With his giant cock in me, he held my hips firm as he fucked me, burying it slowly but deeply. When he let go of my hips, I shoved hard and fast against him. He groaned in delight as my ass swallowed and rode every thick inch of his dick. I started sucking and jerking cock again. 

Just when I thought that the cock in my mouth was about to explode, he grabbed the back of my head and pulled me off! He groaned and I knew he was cumming but not in my mouth. I was aching for cum and it dawned on me that none of the gorgeous cocks I gobbled on had cum. It sounded like he was jerking off and yet my face wasn't decorated by hot, thick globs of cum!

The stud behind me grabbed my hips and started fucking me hard and I could feel his balls pounding against my own.

"Oh fuck I'm cumming!" he moaned.

Finally a hot thick load in my ass although I'd prefer it in my mouth. I was wrong again. As I was pushing hard to meet his powerful thrusts, he too pulled out and did not cum in nor on my ass! I turned, still blindfolded and begged, "please let me do ass to mouth on you!"

My cries were unheard and I started to reach up to my blindfold but my hands were grabbed and quickly re-cuffed. Now on my knees again, I sucked the last remaining cocks. When they were ready to cum, they too did not shower me with sperm. I was on my aching knees, sweat covered my body, my ass was thoroughly and freshly fucked and I was almost satisfied.

"How about a round of applause for our sexy and naughty lil' whore?" Once again it was Paula's voice that brought cheers, claps and whistles from my party guests. I felt my hands set free from the cuffs, my blindfold removed and I was helped up to my feet. Paula hugged me and kissed me sweetly.

I whispered in her ear, "This was the best birthday surprise ever!" then I kissed her deeply and held her tight for a second longer before she pulled away with her arm still around me. Steve took over the MC duties.

"Now that you've blown all your birthday candles and fucked some too," laughter filled the room with a few hand claps. "Now you get to eat your cake."

Paula grabbed my hand and led me to the sofa. She motioned for me to stay standing as she sat on the sofa. She spread her legs open. "Hey you sexy, cock gobbling slut!" Paula cooed from the sofa, her legs were held apart by a guy on each side and her shaved pussy was gaping. "Come get some birthday cake or shall I say pie?"

I quickly kneeled down in front of her and was about to eat her when Steve stopped me before the first lick.

"Gentlemen if you will," Steve turned and was handed a large ice cream bowl on a stem, which resembled an over-sized martini glass. It was nearly filled to the brim with cum, I clutched my meat and a small moan escaped my mouth. Steve looked at me with an insidious grin. "Wouldn't you like some frosting on your cake?"

"Oh yes please Steve!" I moaned out like a begging bitch. 

Paula slouched down on the sofa with her legs still open. Steve stood directly over her and started pouring the contents of the glass into her pussy! When her pussy was filled and started oozing out I was ready to devour her senseless but Steve's hand admonished me by grabbing my hair.

The two studs holding her legs open loosened their grip and Paula squeezed her legs shut. Four guys lifted her up off the sofa and Steve directed me to get on the sofa and lie down on my back. Paula was set on the floor and then she quickly straddled me in a sixty-nine position. 

Cum was already oozing out of her pussy and dripping onto my face as she was still getting into position. I opened my mouth and savored the thick goo of cum flooding out of her pussy. My face was nicely decorated with cum and I lapped and swallowed as much of it as it continued to flow endlessly from her pussy. I sucked her clit and she pushed out more hot male jizz into my eager and waiting mouth.

I was so preoccupied with sucking cum out of Paula's pussy that I hadn't realized she was sucking me off! I watched as a few hands grab Paula's round ass and part it so Steve could pour more beautiful cum over it. Lovely, thick cum flowed from the glass and in between Paula's ass crack, over her dark, hairy butthole, onto her thick lips and into my mouth. This was a truly a wonderful birthday surprise to remember!