 I've know Dan and Linda for almost fifteen years. Dan moved to my hometown right out of college going to work for a local textile firm when things were still profitable for that industry. Dan was in sales and his gorgeous wife Linda worked as a legal secretary for a fairly large legal firm. I had just married Karen, a girl I started dating in college, when I met the two.

Dan and I met through mutual friends attending a Falcons football game and really hit it off. It wasn't long before the four of us were seeing quite a bit of each other. The women would plan weekends at a restaurant or a night out when we were not treated to dinners at each others homes.

We often vacationed with each other and Karen and Linda were perhaps closer than Dan and I. Both of our wives were striking blondes and were similar in build although Karen by far had the bigger chest (36D). Linda was 26 when we all met. She was a year younger than my wife Karen, who was three years my junior. I never considered my wife Karen shy, or the least bit introverted, but certainly Linda was the more social of the two. 

One night we were all playing trivial pursuit when Linda seemed bored with the game. She spent more time flipping thru our CD collection and dancing to selected songs as she belted out responses to our trivia questions. I had quiet a few drinks when I went to the bathroom and walking back past our closet I pulled out a drinking game I had in college.

It was one of those drink and strip games that sometimes had simple commands like kissing either your partner or the person of the opposite sex playing with you. The commands even went so far as touching privates and kissing intimate parts.

Karen was not at all amused in me breaking out that game but Linda was intrigued and Dan seemed more than okay with the notion of perhaps seeing both women naked. Soon we were throwing dice, stripping, and getting the first looks at each other's naked bodies.

The real ice breaker was when Linda landed on a spot which required us to kiss. I was blown away with how soft her lips were and soon we were all buck naked groping feels, kissing, and having the time of our lives.

Even though Karen seemed reluctant at first, she was more than excited with having Dan sucking one of her large tits and me on the other. Before the evening was over both women had given me head at the same time and Dan had Karen suck him while I ate her gorgeous pussy.

We played that game several times over the next few years and as a Christmas present, Dan and Linda gave us an even more risqué game, although the shame is we never got around to playing it as couples.

I always wanted to see Karen and Linda "lez" out but it never really happened. On a couple of occasions Linda kissed Karen but it always seemed to be Linda that instigated it and Karen who quickly broke it off. The girls knew how much Dan and I wanted to see a show but all we got was a few strip sessions and one evening where Linda bent down and licked Karen's big breasts causing my wife to giggle and then cover up.

Several times when we traveled together on trips to the beach and mountains, we would room together. Quite frequently, once the lights went out, you could hear Linda and Dan in the other bed having passionate sex. The sounds were unmistakable and it turned me on so much but Karen seemed determined not to join in leaving me horny and frustrated.

It wasn't that Karen didn't enjoy sex. Actually our sex lives was the best thing in our relationship. But she seemed to be intimidated by Linda and the more we were together - the less she seemed to enjoy our sexual games. While I tried very much to persuade otherwise, that I really preferred sex with her, I think she became more and more jealous of her best friend.

We were very disappointed when Linda informed us both Dan had taken a new position with the company and they would be moving. While the move kept them in the state, the distance certainly impacted our close relationship. We still took a few vacations together but it was never really the same.

It was perhaps two years later that Karen and I split up. Things had been rough for a while. We seemed to argue at just about everything – money, having kids, and the disagreements seemed endless.

Karen never seemed to want to have sex anymore and it was almost like we were roommates with little in common by the time she said she wanted to call it quits. Even though I agreed, the finality of it all had me depressed and it was some time before I started dating again.

I went out with a few girls when I heard through mutual friends that Karen was engaged and was getting remarried. We had spoken very little since the divorce and most of what I knew came from Linda who still kept in touch with both of us. 

I was excited when I got a call from Dan one night as he informed me he and Linda were moving back. The company he had worked for was downsizing and he took a nice severance package and had taken a position in the administration of a large southeastern department store chain. Linda was going back to work for the same firm she had worked for previously.

Things sort of picked up where they left off except I was now a single guy. Occasionally when invited to dinner, I would bring a date but I was just as comfortable going over to their place to watch a ballgame with Dan or just chill out watching a DVD after grilling out.

It was on one of these occasions that I had an experience that changed my life. Linda had made us a delicious Lasagna dinner that the three of us enjoyed over a couple of bottles of wine. We started out watching a movie that I had brought over from Blockbusters but it was a real dud and soon Linda had dismissed it and was changing CD's on the stereo while Dan and I sat back watching her sashay around the room dancing with herself. She had slipped off her shoes and was twirling on her toes, painted a dark burgundy like her fingers.

Dan had made us all vodka drinks with cranberry as we watched Linda get more and more provocative in her dance moves. Soon we were encouraging her to take it off as she did a slow strip tease, running her hands up and down her sexy body, in a sultry, sexy manner that would be the envy of any stripper.

Linda turned and faced away from us as she removed her bra leaving her only in a pair of black thong panties. Her beautiful tanned ass swayed back and forth to the music and my eyes were glued to her gorgeous cheeks and pretty legs.

I could tell she was rubbing her tits but with her back to us we had still not taken in those lovely breasts that I recalled so fondly. It was Dan who yelled for her to "Show it baby," and when she turned, she playfully hid her breasts beneath her hands. 

Her eyes seemed locked on mine as she finally slid them away exposing those hard pink nipples that I had sucked on years earlier. She continued to move to the music, twisting, turning, and on occasion bending over with her shapely ass pointing to us as she placed her hands on her cheeks, almost daring us to drop our pants and take her on the spot.

It was Linda though that slid to her knees and crawled over to Dan and I on the couch, rubbing our hardons through our jeans and then one by one unsnapping our flies, and pulling out our stiff members. Not to be denied, she pulled off both of our jeans and then Dan's socks and underwear. I wasn't wearing either socks or underwear, normally going camo when it comes to jeans.

Soon Linda was stroking my cock as she sucked up and down on Dan's pole. I watched as her soft luscious lips took in his member. While not completely deep throating him, she took in most of his cock, until her lips reached the pubic hairs which touched her nose.

After a few minutes, she turned her attention to my aching cock. One of the girls I had dated had encouraged me to shave my cock and balls and I had continued the practice which seemed to please Linda. She later had Dan do the same!!! But that was a few months later.

Linda's lips were just as soft as I remembered and I enjoyed some of the best head I had received in years.

"You like that Mike? You miss my blowjobs?" she purred looking up at me. Linda has piercing brown eyes and they looked big and sultry as she stared up at me, swiping her soft tongue around the crown of my cock as she continued to stroke her husband's hard shaft.

"Tell me baby... any of the girlfriends you been seeing suck your cock like I can?," she teased.

I looked over at Dan who seemed to be getting off watching his lovely wife blow his buddy. His own cock straining as she jacked it with her fingers wrapped tightly around the shaft.

"No, you're the best. You give better blowjobs than Karen did; I think that always upset her. Your lips are so fucking soft," I moaned.

Linda smiled as she continued to lick my cock and balls, enjoying how smooth they were without any hair. She slurped all over my dick, her saliva trailing down forming a wet spot on the couch as she jacked my cock with her right hand and her husband's with her left.

I reached down and pulled on her erect nipples which caused her to moan on my cock, driving it deeper into her warm mouth.

I was as turned on as I had ever been when I felt her take my right hand in hers and then directed it down on Dan's hard member. I started to jerk my hand away when she pleaded, "No baby. Feel him Mike. It would turn me on so much. Please jack his cock for me."

I was still tugging at my hand which she held firm but I didn't pull as aggressively as I could. I sort of let my hand and arm go limp as she held my fist in hers as she softly rubbed Dan's cock.

"That's so fucking hot. Jack him Mike. Jerk his cock for me," Linda directed.

She saw the look of concern in my eyes. The look that said, "I just can't do this – I'm not gay." I didn't even say the words when she reminded me it was just us three. 

"Don't be afraid Mike. We're all just friends enjoying each other. Just us... relax, trust me. We're gonna' have some fun. More fun than we've ever had," Linda purred. "Remember when you wanted us to play with you? The first time you broke out one of your party games?" she inquired. "Now it's my turn. Trust me Mike... just play along. This is going to be great."

I looked over at Dan who just let his head drop back on the couch. He seemed to be fine with me stroking his cock and I began to relax as Linda guided my hand up and down the shaft slick with her saliva. I had never touched another man's penis before and marveled how soft it seemed to be. While mine was a bit longer, his was no doubt thicker.

Soon my hand was moving freely up and down on its own, pumping the rigid member as I felt Linda's hand relax and eventually pull away as she tilted her head, watching me jack her husband as she continued to work her soft pink lips up and down my stiff cock. "That's it Michael, stroke him. That's so fucking hot. That's so sexy," she moaned as she tongued my member.

After she felt me adjusting to the scene she was creating, she decided to up the game. "Mike, I want you to do something for me. I've always fantasized about it. It would turn me on so much," she chanted as she stared up at me with her big pouty brown eyes.

I think I half knew where she was going when it rolled off her lips. "I want you to suck him baby. Suck my husband. I want to see you take his hard cock in your mouth," Linda said as she teased my own dick with her hand and lips.

There was a part of me that was in disbelief she was even asking me to do something like that. I was completely straight and had never even thought about doing something with another guy. But another part of me was enjoying what she was doing. Linda was the sexiest woman I had ever been with. Regardless of the fact she was my buddy's wife. I think I would have done anything she asked but at that moment in time I was simply frozen. I couldn't comply but I also couldn't pull away.

I think Linda sensed this too as she looked up at Dan and instructed him to help me. "He wants to baby, he's just scared. Give it to him. Let him suck that hard cock of yours. I want to see it. I want to see you boys together."

Dan didn't even look at me. It was almost as if he too were in a trance as he knelt on the couch and his hard shaft swung back and forth just inches from my lips.

"Kiss it Mike. Kiss his cock; show me how sexy you can be. Do it for me," Linda encouraged.

I'm not sure if I moved to Dan or he to me but in just a moment my lips came in contact with his erect cock. Even now I can recall how hot and soft it was against my lips that first time. It was wet with her saliva and with just a hint of precum at the tip. I remember the slightly salty taste as it touched my lips and slowly, little by little, my lips parted and I took his cock in my mouth.

"Oh fuck, that's hot, that's so fucking sexy," Linda said as Dan put his hands on his hips and rocked back and forth. "Suck that cock Mike. Take his dick. Damn you don't know how long I've thought about this. So many times I came thinking of you two sucking cock for me. Oooom that's so good, lick it Mike, lick his dick, suck those balls too," she demanded.

I surprised myself at how much I enjoyed it. I thought I would be disgusted at the thought but I had to admit I was enjoying it. Still afraid they might see how much. I tried to act tentative but I think Linda saw through it as she encouraged me to take him deeper and instructed me on how to suck cock. 

"You like that cock don't you Mike? Look at you. Sucking that dick like a pro. I know a few girls that would love to be able to suck a cock like that. You're a natural," she added. "Does that feel good baby?" she asked Dan. "You like having your best friend sucking your dick?"

"Yea," Dan moaned as he guided his shaft between my wet lips. If I had shown any hesitation before, I abandoned it now as I worked his cock with my right hand as I licked the shaft and balls. My left hand trailed up and down his hairy leg. It was such a different feeling than the bare thighs of my former wife and girlfriends. Even so, I found myself enjoying the flesh driving past my lips, sliding along my tongue filling my mouth.

"Work that cock Mike. Suck it baby. You like that cock don't you? You like sucking my husband's cock. His hard cock in your sweet mouth. I think you like being his cock sucker. I think you like Dan fucking that virgin mouth of yours," Linda purred as she jacked my own dick watching and directing us.

"Fuck, oh fuck," Dan moaned as he worked the stiff prick between my greedy lips. He withdrew his cock and I bathed his balls with my wet tongue as he rubbed his prick across my face, wet with my own drool. I felt so dirty having him do something I had done so often myself. I loved the feeling of taking my cock out of a woman's mouth as she allowed me to wipe it across her lips. Now here I was searching out his cock with my mouth. Wanting it back, seeking his cock out, to take it back in my mouth.

"Damn Mike that feels good," Dan moaned as I sucked his member back between my lips. Hearing Linda call me a cock sucker had me worked up. I was. I was a cock sucker. I could have never pictured me doing what I was doing now but here I was and I loved it. I loved the feeling of his hard cock sliding between my lips. Feeling him push harder, faster. I knew what was coming and wanted it. Even as Linda now sat on the floor rubbing her pussy as she watched what was playing out before her. The scenes she had directed, what she had always wanted to see.

"I'm gonna' cum," Dan warned as he grabbed my head which worked his cock. "Fuck, I'm gonna' cum," he repeated as I made no effort to pull off the cock which pulsated in my mouth.

"That's right Mike. Take his load. Cum in his mouth baby," Linda directed her husband. I had my eyes closed but I could feel Linda's gaze on me as Dan fucked my face.

At that point I wanted it. I wanted to taste my first load. I wanted my buddy to cum in my mouth as his hot wife looked on. As I rubbed Dan's thighs, I felt his legs stiffen and then with a heave the first of his salty, thick semen filled my mouth. It startled me at first but I swallowed as fast as I could, letting the slick juice run down my throat.

Even as Dan slowed I continued to suck his cock which filled my mouth until ever so gently he removed it leaving a trail of saliva and sperm dribbling down my chin.

Linda sat up and kissed me on my lips. Her softy, pouty lips closed over mine as her tongue invaded my mouth, searching for any last trace of her husband's sperm that we both shared.

As she pulled back, our eyes met and I knew how much I had pleased her. "That was so fucking erotic Michael. I can't tell you how much you turned me on. She pulled me down on the floor on top of her as I continued to kiss her as Dan sat back on the couch watching us make out. Our tongues met as she kissed me long and hard.

Eventually my mouth found her heaving breasts as I sucked on her hard nipple, one then the other. Her nipples were so long as I sucked them, gently biting on the tip.

I moved down her belly, planting gentle kisses until I reached her satin thong. I pulled it down and then off as I gazed at her hairless pussy before diving between her thighs. She smelled sweet and heady as I licked between her folds which were already wet with her juices. I savored the pussy that I had tasted before, so long ago.

Linda wrapped her toned legs around my head as I worked my tongue as far as I could up her pussy, then taking long licks as I zeroed in on her clit. 

"Baby, that was great but I want one more thing. You know what that is? You know what I want to see?" she queried.

I think I knew what she wanted but I wanted her to tell me, to ask me. "I want Dan to fuck you. I want to see Dan fucking that sweet ass of yours."

"No, no fucking way," I feigned. But part of me wanted it. Part of me wanted to have Dan fucking my ass. "Besides, there's no way I could take his cock It's too big."

"That's not really true is it Mike," Linda countered. Karen told me ya'll used to play around a little with anal. She told me how much you enjoyed her playing with your ass," she smiled.

"She told you that?" I shot back a little surprised.

"She told me lots of things," Linda answered. "I know a lot about what you like. I knew you'd like sucking cock and you did, didn't you? You see, I think I know you better than you know yourself," Linda retorted.

"Karen told me you both enjoyed her vibrators and I don't think Dan's cock is any bigger," she stated.

I was still somewhat bewildered my ex-wife had confided things like that to her but I guess it shouldn't have come as too big a surprise given Dan and I had often compared notes to each other about Karen and Linda.    

"Come on baby. Do it for me. Do it and I'll give you something you always wanted. I know how bad you always wanted to fuck me. You always wanted to fuck that pussy you're licking. Haven't you?" Linda teased.

She knew I had. That was perhaps the thing Karen knew too. What I tried to deny but both women knew. From the first time I had seen Linda naked years ago, I wanted to plant my cock in her tight little box. I had thought about it often. Now here she was offering it to me with the full acknowledgement and approval of her husband. The only catch – he'd get to fuck me in my ass.

"So do you want this pussy? You wanna' fuck my pussy baby?" Linda teased as she spread her lips letting me lick between her juicy folds.

"Yea," I groaned as I pushed my face harder, deeper into her juicy twat. "I do, I've always wanted to!"

There was a non-verbal nod to Dan who rose from the couch and walked out of the room as she pulled me up from my position between her legs and reached down and took my throbbing cock in her hand and guided it to her sweet hole. My cock slid in easily as she pushed up and allowed it to sink into her depths. I thought I was in heaven.
