 It had been so long since I had been fucked in the ass it felt like I was being ripped in two! I screamed out in pain. More of a loud primal grunt that echoed back in the woods. I struggled against Daddy who pinned me down harder. I slipped and my face hit the mud. As I fell he fell with me and landed to the hilt in my ass. 

He didn't move for a moment. I took it all in. I spit out mud and looked around me as I rested pinned to the ground. Here I was, almost the exact place it all started and almost the same predicament. I could feel every inch of Daddy's throbbing cock pulsing inside me. His hands holding me down and then I could feel his hot breath on my neck. He was leaning in real close, but why? It wasn't like him to wait this long to give me a pounding. Maybe he was tired. Maybe the little bit of a fucking he'd given the other guy had taken a lot out of the old man. 

He wasn't thrusting or even moving much except for the pulse of his cock there wasn't much movement at all. But then his hands loosened and I was more free. You'd think I'd break free at this point but I didn't move, I wasn't sure what he had planned and I didn't want to upset him. I knew what he would do to my ass then and since I'd barely been fucked in the ass lately I knew I couldn't survive a pounding like that. 

As he loosened his grip I felt him bend over me and what happened next I will never forget. As he bent over me his lips touched my neck in a soft kiss and he whispered, "I missed you." My eyes went wide. He said, "I don't want to hurt you son but I need this so it's up to you how this goes down." And with that he started kissing my neck away from my ear until he was at my spine and then he slowly got back up onto his knees. So tender, so unlike him. I just lay there for a moment but my head was spinning. He missed me? What does that even mean? It's not like we were a couple! 

I was so perplexed I turned my head and shoulders to look at him and see if he was being sincere. As I did he completed my turn, flopping me over on my back, placing my feet over his shoulders. I just lay there staring at him. 

I didn't notice him realigning until he was already pushing into me. The ripping pain made me grit my teeth but I didn't scream out. I just watched as Daddy slowly began thrusting. Slow, second by second, deep thrusts. And as he thrusted he tilted his head back and eyes closed he began to purr. "Oh yeah! Uh that's it that's my boy. Oh yeah! Take daddy's cock. Uh! What a good boy." 

I watched in amazement from this new angle as Daddy fucked my ass. But it was different. It wasn't fucking. It was like he was making love to my ass. 

"Uh oh yes. Oh fuck yeah. Uh! I missed this ass so much. Yea. You're so tight. Why are you so tight?!"

I was fixated on his face, I choked on my words as I said, "I only let you fuck me, Daddy."

His eyes opened and looked into mine. He stopped thrusting for a moment and he just held me there in his gaze. Then he came down to my chest with his and his mouth was right next to my ear as he picked up his pace. 

"Uh oh yeah uh you're daddy's boy aren't you? You like daddy's big cock. Oh god yeah daddy missed you." He was thrusting so hard it was rocking me. My feet slipped off his shoulders and he moved his arms to let them fall on his hips. I was hugging him with my thighs now as he continued. All the while moaning and grunting about how good I felt and what a good boy I was for taking daddy's cock in my tight ass. But I could barely hear him anymore. I was thinking. Lost in my thoughts. How had I gotten here? I hadn't been with Daddy in so long and never like this.

I came out of my daze for a moment as Daddy got back up on his knees. He grabbed my hips and started really thrusting into me. "Uh yeah, you want daddy's cum huh? You want me to fill your little ass?"

"Yes daddy, make me a big boy! Fill me daddy! Breed me!" 

I'd never said it like that but he really seemed to like it his eyes sparkled, "You want to have daddy's puppies do ya. Fill your little ass and make you mine?" 

I wasn't quite sure where the puppies comment came from. Probably some other fetish porn he was into. My breeding comment I guess laced into it but since I wasn't familiar I didn't want to sound like an idiot and I stuck with what I knew best. I groaned and moaned about how I wanted him to fill my ass. I wanted to have it all and I wouldn't spill a drop. But I was barely paying attention again. I was lost in my thoughts. I didn't understand what was happening here. I wasn't gay but if I wasn't gay then why was I enjoying this so much. Did I love daddy? Could it be?!

As I came to that question daddy suddenly bit down on my neck and growled as he thrust one last deep thrust and as I felt him release inside me his bite changed and he was kissing my neck. 

Without thinking I turned my head and for the first time since our first fuck I kissed Daddy!