 So it wasn't the first time we kissed, but it was the first time I kissed him. The first time it meant something. The only other time we had kissed had been when he showed up at my door in the beginning and forced his tongue into my mouth. Since then we had never kissed, it'd just been fucking. 

Now, I had his lips pressed against mine, my hand reached up to the back of his head and pressed him into me. My eyes were closed and I just breathed him in. He slowly pulled back, "I love you." I said as I opened my eyes to see his fist as it came down and hit me just under my left eye. 

My head flipped to the right with the shock. I reached up and grabbed my cheek. I was turning to look at him but before I could his fist came down again and hit me in the temple. I pulled both my hands and arms up to protect my head now as I started to pull myself into the fetal position. Shocked and confused I yelled out, "stop it!" 

As I curled up I felt him fall out of my ass and the majority of his cum drip out with it. 

I screamed out, "STOP IT!" as he stood up and kicked my side.

"You fucking queer!" He spat at me and backed away putting his hands to his hair in frustration rustling it, "Why'd you have to go and do that you fucking faggot." 

"What is your fucking problem?!" I said as I pulled myself into a seated position and backed away from him. My face burned where he hit me. I was reeling with confusion. 

He bent forward and stepped into his pants growling to himself mostly, "Fuck, we had a good thing. Why'd you have to do that you fucking..." he trailed off as he zipped his pants and started walking back towards the trail. He turned once to look at me still sitting there confused and then shook his head and thrust his hands out in frustration as he turned and walked away. 

I don't know how long I sat there for. Eventually I got up and got dressed. I couldn't comprehend what had just happened. I kept going around in circles in my mind. I had only just accepted that I actually had feelings for this man and just that quickly it had blown up in my face. I started walking away and scuffed my foot over something. I had thought it was just a rock and then I realized it was a wallet. I reached down and opened it. There, in my hands, was the wallet belonging to Marc Evans, Daddy. My heart raced, it felt like having this power suddenly. I had never known his name and now I knew that and his address. 

My arms trembled, what was I going to do with this new found power? I walked back to the trail with the wallet in my back pocket. It pressed against a fresh stain of cum, oddly appropriate. As I reached the trail I was determined to follow this through and I walked the rest of the way to my car. Once in my car I studied the address. He was a distance away, made sense why I had only ever seen him on the trail, he went there to pick up men. 

Forty minutes later I was pulling onto his street, I slowed down to study the street numbers until I found his. There it was, on the other side of the road from me. I put the car in park and turned it off. I just sat and stared at this house across the street from me. 

My heart fell, this house ripped me in half. Why? I guess if you could see the house you wouldn't have to ask that question. You see the house itself wasn't anything to write home about. Just a simple bungalow with a garage attached. But in the front yard were two bikes and a basketball net. Clearly he didn't live alone. So I was the other man, now I had to decide did I tell his boyfriend or husband or did I just walk away. 

I didn't have to think on it long before I had to duck down in my drivers seat. A vehicle was pulling up. It was an SUV. It turned into his drive way and Daddy stepped out. I knew there was a chance that his boyfriend would hop out of the other side. I didn't expect, however, what happened next. As Daddy turned to shut his door he opened the back door and let out a little girl and little boy. I was so busy staring at the kids confused that I didn't notice as his WIFE got out of the passenger side. 

I don't think you could have found my heartbeat right that second as I watched he grabbed groceries out of the back, his two children played on the lawn, his wife rounded in front of him and he leaned towards her for a kiss. He was married, he wasn't gay, or he was... what was he? What was I? What were WE?! 

I sat there until they were all inside, then I got out of the car, crossed the street and put his wallet in his mailbox. He would know it was from me and maybe he'd take it as a peaceful olive branch. Did I care? Maybe I wanted him to get mad and come hate fuck me. 

------------------------

I pulled into my own driveway, it was now really late. I locked my front door behind me and dropped my keys into their dish on the hall table. Kicking off my shoes I felt like I was slowly gaining a pound a minute as I sank in defeat. I slouched up the stairs to my bedroom. I stripped on the way and dropped my clothing on the floor at the foot of my bed. There was Stephen in front of me, my former sub turned roommate turned...boyfriend? Was he my boyfriend? What was he? What was I? This was too much to take in. And as horrible as it was he hadn't even crossed my mind all day through it all. I felt choked up at the fact that this man had been there for me now for a while hadn't even crossed my mind once. I curled up into bed behind him and he stirred. 

"Wow, you're home late!" he mumbled as he rolled over to face me. His arm draped over my side and his hand stroked the soft spot between my ribs and my hip. I felt myself getting aroused all over again but this time I also felt this overpowering urge to just hold him. I grabbed him in my arms and rolled him over onto his back I spat quickly into my hand rubbed it onto my cock and with the urgency of an emergency I pushed into him. 

"AHHHHH" he moaned in pain and pleasure. He began to stroke his own dick as I slowly and precisely pushed into him. Each thrust found me wanting him closer and closer. Filling him wasn't what I wanted. I stopped, pulled out of him and crawled back two steps, "What are you doooo---oooohhhhhh" he started to ask but I interrupted taking his cock deep in my throat. I let my saliva drip down his shaft and over his balls as I slowly raised and lowered my face, soaking his cock in my mouth. Then I sat up again, "baby what is going on with you tonight?" he was spinning in ecstasy I could tell. He had never really been in my ass, not since we initially started out. And no one had ever been in my ass the way I intended. I climbed above his hips, straddling him. I reached behind myself and grabbed his shaft and as his eyes opened wide I slowly glided myself down onto him. Feeling him fill every inch of me. "OOOHHHH GOOODDDDDDD you feel amazing!" he moaned as his head rolled back and his eyes shut.

I started lifting myself up and bringing myself back down, slowly at first and then faster and faster as I felt him getting closer. His moaning and passion was climbing, his hands reached up and he grabbed the pillows by his head and pulled them around in excitement. I was stroking myself as fast as I was bouncing on him, "cum, cum for me, fill my ass. I want to feel you inside me."

"Arrhwwaahhh" he cried out and just like that I blew my load all over his chest, his neck and the pillows as I felt him burst inside me. It felt amazing! I collapsed down beside him, his cum pooling out between my legs onto our bed. I looked over at him as he breathed deeply taking it all in. He looked over at me with a tired smile and for the second time that night I said, "I love you." only this time I wasn't punched. This time I was met with a big loving kiss and then another. Then he curled up into my arms and went to sleep. 

-----------------------------

"What the heck happened to your face?!" 

I don't know how long we slept for but Stephen evidently got up to clean up at some point, he must have turned on the light to see better and noticed.

"Oh" I touched my hand to my cheek. I hadn't even looked to see how I looked after Daddy hit me. I had just drove. "It's nothing, don't worry about it. Come back to bed." 

"That doesn't look like nothing to me. Who did this?!" 

I moaned and rolled onto my side, "My old dom. But it's no big deal."

The color left his face, "He was here?!" 

"no, no, he ... it's a long story I really don't want to get into it. Can we just forget about it?" 

"No! If he did this to you, what's to say he won't do it to me?! Or to you again?! The man is dangerous and clearly off his medication, we need to report this to the police!" 

"There's nothing to report, it's over. Just drop it." 

"Where did this happen?" he said as he sat on the bed beside me. 

It was clear he wasn't going to drop it so I told him the whole story, about how I had gone to the old trail, found daddy and followed him into the woods where Stephen and I had both been long before. Where I'd made Stephen my sub and eventual boyfriend. How I had watched while Daddy took a new sub and then how I had fucked that sub in the mouth. When I said that Stephen gasped and stood up from the bed. I looked down and continued with how after I had finished and the new sub had left Daddy had his way with me and how I pissed him off when I told him I loved him and he had punched me. When I'd finished I looked up to see Stephen upset...crying? Was her seriously crying? It was no big deal, he wasn't going to come after us! Why was he so worried?! 

"You had sex with two other guys last night?!"

"Yeah...what's the big deal?"

"You had sex with two other guys and then come home and fuck me?! No, make love to me!" 

"Whoa whoa it's not like you and I haven't been to orgies before!" 

" That's different, we are both involved and both aware of it. You didn't tell me you were going off to fuck other guys"

"I wasn't!"

"BULL SHIT! What else did you expect when you followed him up there?!"

I didn't have an answer for that, I don't know what I expected but I guess it couldn't have been anything innocent.

"And what's worse...you told him you loved him?! You told HIM! Fuck, you told HIM before you told me?! You are so many layers of fucked up you know that, Ben?!" 

He threw a shirt at me and stormed out. 

"STEPHEN!" I yelled out as I fumbled with my clothes. 

But before I could get to the bedroom door I heard the slam of the front door and the sound of his car starting. 

And just like that, he was gone, they were gone, it was just me...alone and spinning.