 As a teen I'd started smoking dope to be part of the cool crowd, by 18 I was dealing kilo bricks and now at 21 I was looking at 40 years with no parole for trafficking drugs and child molestation. Some totally hot looking underage cunt set me up on a deal, had me convinced she was some hot movie stars daughter.

How was I to know that what I thought was a 19 year old crack whore was actually a 14 year old favorite niece of one of the local Judges. The bitch wore more makeup than Tammy Faye and less clothes than Cher. When I met her she was chugging beer at a friends party and later that night she was chugging my cum in the guest bathroom. She had wads of cash and partied like a pro and could have passed easy for 22 or 23. I sold her a few pounds of the good shit and she told me how she could move 50 pounds at a shot. I always liked doing one big deal over a bunch of little ones and I really liked fucking the tight ass of this hot little nymphomaniac. The blow jobs anytime she thought less than 5 people were looking were nice too.

I was watching myself in the mirror drilling her ass hard and she was squealing like a kitten in heat when the door exploded and suddenly I was kneeling between her legs with her still pumping her ass and my hands in the air and 8 guys with guns looking at her pumping ass but pointing their guns at my head. I almost laughed

out loud when I looked at the mirror again and saw that I still had a full on Woodie waving at all the nice policemen. Just then she stops and looks around and says "FUCK! Not yet! I was almost there!" She turned and sat cross legged and rubbed her clit while she lit a cigarette, no one made any effort to help her cover her spread and wet pussy or stop watching her rub her clit. I was in cuffs before my hard on was gone and she was still stroking her clit as I was led out of the Hotel bare ass naked. Someone found a blanket to put on the seat of the squad car, but nobody could find one to cover me from the 50 people that got an eyeful of my semi hard cock still dripping her ass juice.

I'm sure the entry team made another entry on the little slut after they hustled me out of the Hotel. I saw her in the Booking section later and she was looking "satisfied". She smiled at me as they walked past and said "Sorry, you were a great fuck." Later I saw her run up to an old man and hug him, sobbing. Turns out it's the cunts Uncle and he's a Judge. She tells them I kidnapped and drugged her and fuck if they don't buy it. She plays up how she was going to her friends house to study when I come by and invite her to go to the library so she gets in and I pull a gun and force her to give me head while we drive to the Hotel. She reenacts all of our sex scenes in detail on the stand except she changes them to make me the attacker and her the raped little girl. In reality she dove on my cock within 5 minutes of the first time she met me and she got in my car that night because she was buying 40 pounds of primo bud and she thought a Hotel room would be a great place to "do the deal and then fuck" as she put it. The Jury wanted to castrate me themselves by the time

they finished. Somehow the 3 hours of video I had of me and her fucking never got entered into evidence. I'm sure some cop is getting it off on them, most likely the cunts Uncle and her.

"Oh, BabyGirl, did you like it when you deep throated his cock?", "Yes, Uncle, but I like your little peepee better!" Fucking cunt!

I was never intended for jail life, being above average in height, slender build and boyish good looks made me real lucky with the ladies and a favorite of more than a few of their Mothers as well. I had tried a circle jerk with a couple jocks back in High School but wasn't really turned on by looking at other guys cocks.

Now I found myself walking naked down a long gray hall with my clothes and sheets and pillow held so that there was chance of covering my cock from the leering and catcalls coming from the other cells. I suppose that the naked walk to your cell is part of the ritual humiliation, or perhaps they just take bets on which ones will get a hard on before the reach their cell. I had a dozen promises to split my sweet ass and twice that to fill my mouth with cock by the time I reached my cell. I stepped in and looked at the man sitting on the bottom bunk, he was massive, with biker style tattoos covering his bare arms and chest and he was wearing only his prison boxer shorts.

He looked at me and smiled and in a low and leering voice said "God damn, either I did something really nice or your did something really bad for them to send such a sweet piece to me" I walked slowly over to the bed and tried to stay as far from him as I could as I put my bundle on the top bunk. I had just reached for my clothes when I felt his hand grip my cock and balls. It felt like a vise had clamped my cock and he squeezed then released my nuts just enough to let me know that he could crush them if I resisted. I let him pull me to him and when he slid his other hand up my ass crack I clenched my cheeks. A squeeze of my nuts let me know that would not be accepted and I relaxed my ass as much as I could while he probed me, sticking first one then two fingers in my ass and making grunting noises as he dry fucked me in my butt with his fingers. I tried to think of a way to make him stop but he tugged my balls hard and forced me to kneel in front of him. He took my head between his hands and forced his thumbs into my jaw until my mouth was open wide. "Pull it out and suck it, bitch!" he growled loud enough to be heard several calls away. As the cat calls started I opened his fly and pulled out a huge cock that throbbed and swelled as I stroked it, and when he forced my mouth over it I hoped I wouldn't have to swallow his cum. He was at least 8 inches long, thick and uncut. He pumped my head several times and told me that if I didn't suck it he would dry fuck my ass. I knew that that huge tool would rip me apart so I started sucking, pulling the foreskin into my lips, pushing it over his glans, sucking hard as he thrust into my mouth and trying to make him cum before he could get to my ass. I decided that I was going to get cum in my mouth and that it was better than him pushing that cock in my virgin ass. He told me that if I spilled a drop he would fist fuck me and seconds later I felt him stiffen and start shooting wads of cum down my throat. I swallowed and sucked and managed to keep from gagging and throwing up as he sprayed the last and pulled his softening cock from my face.

I slumped on the floor, naked and defeated and feeling the soreness in my jaws from his cock and the churning in my belly from his cum. He got up, picked up a cigarette and lit it and walked to the bars, his cock still swinging outside his shorts. "She's a sweet little sucker, and her ass is virgin!"

Shouts and challenges roared through the cells, offers of packs of smokes and other things were tossed around for the right to fuck me first and he told the voice that offered 8 packs that he could have me. I had not even been in this hell hole for an hour and I'd already been skull fucked, had my ass fingered and had my virginity traded for less than a carton of cigarettes. I decided as I curled up on my bunk naked and sobbing that I would find a way to get even with everyone that had a hand in putting me here.

The bunk was hard and the sounds of others getting fucked or sucking or just sobbing could be heard coming through the bars. I tried to sleep but every time I actually did fall asleep I had nightmares of gang rapes that woke me up again. When the bell rang and I heard the locks open on the cells I was suddenly terrified. At least while the cell was locked down I was safe from the others out there. My cell mate rolled out of bed and went over to the steel shitter in one corner. I turned to the wall and tried to ignore the sounds of his shit and piss and animal grunts as he emptied his bowels and bladder. He flushed and I heard him walk back to the bads. "Get the fuck out of that rack, meat" he snarled at me. I slid over the side of the bunk and as soon as my feet hit the floor he pushed me down in front of him. He was naked from the dirty t shirt down and his cock was 1/2 erect. He told me that I was to suck him off every morning and pushed my head to his groin.

I opened my lips and sucked the cock with deliberate detachment, trying to imagine myself someplace far away when his cock pulled from my mouth and his knee came up and hit my chin with enough force to knock me to the floor. "Get up, Bitch! And you better suck it like you know how" I took his cock into my sore mouth and sucked him deep and tried to make it the best blow job he'd ever had. I figured that the sooner I got him off the sooner I could shit and shower. He grabbed my head and moaned as he thrust deep into my throat and I felt thick cords of cum pour into me again. He pulled out and wiped the last few drops of cum on my face and started getting dressed. I went over to the shitter and sat down, letting the piss and shit drain from me. I wanted to turn around and throw up the load of cum, but I knew it would get me another beating.

I was just wiping my ass with what passed for toilet paper when there was a grunt at the cell door and I looked up to see a huge black man leering at me with 8 packs of PallMall in his giant hand. He handed them to my cell mate who stashed them under his pillow and grabbed his shirt and walked out of the cell. I pulled my pants up and tried to think of a way to talk my way out of this. "Take them pants off girl or I'll take em off ya."

"Please, you don't have to to do this" I whimpered as he slipped off his shoes and dropped his pants. He had a huge cock and balls and I tried to look away but he took two steps across the cell and grabbed my neck in his giant fist. I felt my brain start to fog out as he pulled my pants, ripping them down the front. He grabbed my cock and balls and rubbed them roughly before he tossed me by the neck towards the bed. I was gasping to catch my breath as he got on his knees behind me and spread my legs wide. I heard something that made me turn and there were a dozen or more guys watching my rape from the cell door.

I felt his cock press on my ass and realized he was going to dry fuck my virgin asshole. I quickly spit on my fingers and reached between my legs, spreading the spit on my hole just as he laughed and pushed hard. I screamed and felt my face being shoved into the mattress as his cock head ripped into my hole. I tried to unclench my butt but the pain and terror was too intense. He shoved again and I must have blacked out from the pain. When the fog lifted my first thought was that I'd some how hurt my ass falling, then reality came back in a flood of emotion as I felt his cock stroking deep inside me. I pulled the soiled and smelly sheets around my face to hid my cries as he fucked me harder and deeper and faster. I could feel his balls slapping on mine and felt his hands on my hips pulling my ass to him harder with each thrust. He tightened and I knew he was dumping his load deep in my ass. He held me in his tight grip for a moment, not moving as he savored the feeling of my ass around his cock then the huge tool slid out and I felt something running down my legs.

The huge man leaned over me and grabbed my hair, twisting my face around to his, "That was nice, but next time I expect you to tell me how much you love my cock up your ass while I'm fucking you." He clenched the fist full of hair tighter and I told him "Yes Sir, I love your cock up my ass!" and he laughed, and turned to the groups still watching from the bars. "Tell 'em" he said, I hesitated and grabbed my cock and balls with his other had and squeezed until I screamed again, "Tell'em" he said again and I said loudly "I love his cock in my ass!" and they all roared and I felt my rapists hands release me and I fell to the floor with my head on the bunk. I could feel the puddle of cum forming under me and thought for a moment that it was over.

"Five minutes for two packs!" I heard my cell mate say, and as I looked up 4 men were handing my cell mate packs and they were allowed into the cell and started undressing.

One of the men slipped his pants off and jumped on the top bunk, he had a small cock that I thought at first was not hard, I was forced to stand and put my face in his lap and I saw that he was fully hard just very slim and about 4"s long. I let him push it in my mouth as I felt my ass cheeks spread and a tongue slide across my balls and up to my asshole. The com was sucking the cum from my ass! "Move it, you can have the next load" one of the others said and the licker was pushed aside and I felt a cock slide about three inches up me, he pumped me about 20 times real fast and came even faster, his cock was quickly replaced by the sucking moth and I was rock hard by the time he had reamed out my sore ass with his tender tongue. I felt the little cock in my mouth start spurting and was amazed that the little pecker just kept unloading wad after wad of hot cum into my mouth. I couldn't hold it and wads poured out onto my bunk. I wondered why the other guy hadn't started fucking my ass yet when I pulled my face out of small cocks lap and saw the last man stroking about 8 inches of slender cock. I knew from my most recent introduction to cock sucking that it would be simple to swallow it and wondered how many strokes it would take to get it all the way down.

I thought for a moment how easy it had been to turn me into a cock sucking whore wondering if he could deep throat a cock in two strokes, then I turned and knelt down in the puddle of cum on the floor and let the old man push his cock slowly into my mouth. It took me three tries to get him all the way down to the balls. I kept his cock deep in my throat and tried all the tricks I could remember great deepthroaters trying on me and when he started cumming I just kept swallowing until I felt his knees weaken. I let his cock slowly slide out of my throat while he sat down then grabbed the still hard hose and guided it back down my throat. I held it there, swallowing and humming until it was soft. He took my head in strong, old hands and looked tenderly into my eyes. "Thanks for the best blow job I've ever had!" I felt proud that I'd been the best the old goat had ever had and leaned down and sucked his balls into my mouth. He let me suck them a little then told me to come back tomorrow when the pumps primed again. I reached around and rubbed at my sore ass as 4 more men entered the cell.