 The recession hit our town especially hard. The layoffs of 2,000 people at the biggest factory in town had a boomerang effect: everyday Mom & Pop stores on Main Street began closing because of fewer shoppers; larger stores laid-off or reduced hours for their workers for the same reason. The county government felt the shortfall in tax revenue and also laid-off workers. I was 22 years-old and got caught up in this. I was laid-off, too.

The chances of finding another job in town were slim and none. I had a high school diploma but no college. Guys like me were everywhere. I competed with college graduates for janitorial jobs. I knew what had to be done: I had to get out town before I blew through all my savings.

I moved to the city and found a place to live. I discovered the economy wasn't much better there. I settled for a job at a convenience store because it was within walking distance, and I figured I'd find something better after I had more time to look. Unfortunately, I worked the day shift 9 to 5:30 and had little time to look for anything else.

I liked my apartment though. It was on the first floor of an old house. It had a living room/kitchen, a bathroom, and a small bedroom. It was perfect for me. I didn't need anything larger. I never had friends over – I didn't have any. I didn't know anyone in the city, and the people I worked with were older, and just wanted to go home after work.

That was fine with me. I spent my free time browsing the internet on my laptop, or I'd watch a ballgame on television.

Anyway, I was on my laptop one night at the small table in my bedroom when I thought I heard a noise. I couldn't identify it but it seemed to be coming from the house next door. I pushed the side of the curtain open just far enough to look out. The house was only a few feet from my window, and the drapes on the window opposite mine were open. In the two weeks I'd lived there, I'd never seen them open.

Straight across from me was a loveseat. Next to that was a large mirror, and in the mirror I could clearly see a large bed, Queen-sized? King? I didn't know, but I it was obvious that I was looking into my neighbor's bedroom.

Suddenly, from the right (from the living room, maybe?) a man came into view. I recognized him as my neighbor. I went to my knees figuring he wouldn't be able to see me that way. 

He was wearing a robe, and he held a thick leather belt in his right hand while his left hand was still out of my sight. Then, I saw his left hand entangled in someone's hair. He was dragging someone by the hair. Then I saw the person who was being dragged, it was a boy, around my age and he was naked. The man was dragging a naked boy along the carpet by his hair!

Just before the man was about to sit on the loveseat, he took off his robe and threw it on the floor beside the bed. Now he was naked, too. I couldn't help but look at the erect penis bobbing before him. It had to be seven inches long. I'd never seen anything like that.

The man sat on the loveseat and pulled the boy up by his hair, grabbed him by the neck, then pulled him face down across his lap. Then he raised the belt high in the air and brought it viciously down on the boy's bare bottom. The boy's cry of pain was muted by the window panes separating us. 

I was afraid – what should I do? I wondered. 

I watched helplessly as the man belt-whipped the naked boy over-and-over again. I felt myself tremble and shake. I wanted to run over there and stop the merciless beating but I was frozen with fear. I saw the boy's face contorting in pain – his mouth open wide, screaming in vain. All I could do was watch. I felt so ashamed!

My neighbor threw down the belt and pushed the boy to the floor. He sat back in the seat and opened his legs. The boy slowly rose to his knees. I watched in amazement as the beaten boy took hold of the man's hard cock and lowered his mouth over the purple cockhead. The boy sucked my neighbors cock.

I was stunned – I was confused. 

The boy's head bobbed up and down on the man's enormous shaft. I couldn't tear my eyes away. I was mesmerized by the sucking. Suddenly, the man grabbed the boy's ears and began thrusting his hips and forcing his cock deeper into the boy's mouth. I saw the man's body stiffen then jerk wildly. I guessed he was cumming in the boy's mouth. Then the man relaxed and sat back. The boy's hand held the shrinking penis and he appeared to be licking it clean.

My neighbor stood up and went to the window. He closed the drapes.

Oh my God! What was that about? I wondered.

I was tired and decided to go to bed. I shut off the lights, stripped to my boxers, then climbed into bed. I couldn't sleep. The scene replayed itself in my mind over and over. 

My penis became hard – again. My penis was hard when I watched it the first time. I pulled my shorts down and played with myself. My penis-head was still slick with the earlier pre-cum. I stroked my cock faster-and-faster – it felt sooo good!

It was one of my better orgasms! I fell asleep.

In the morning, before I left for work, I peeked out the side of my curtain: his drapes were still closed. I frowned at myself and wondered why I even looked.

His house was on my way to work so I passed it twice a day. I'd never really looked at it before. A small house with a screened-in front porch; it was well kept and had a new paint job. I once saw my neighbor watering the bushes, but I didn't remember much about him until last night. 

I guessed him to be forty-five or fifty, with black hair, about four inches taller than me and fifty pounds heavier. Not fat, either. He was in good shape. He had a handsome face, too. I would never have guessed he liked boys.

I was glad when I got to work so my mind would be occupied with something else.

Quitting time came and I walked home. I slowed my pace as I approached his house. I tried not to be obvious as I snuck glances at the house. When I went up the sidewalk to my place I looked between the houses. The window I guessed to be his bedroom was far enough to the rear that you couldn't see it from where I was standing. I quickly figured that his bedroom window was visible only to my window.

I went inside and changed clothes. I fought the urge to see if his drapes were open. That didn't last long. I took a quick peek: they were open, but the room was dark.

I ate dinner debating with myself what I should do. What kind of guy am I? I asked myself. A peeping Tom – a voyeur – a pervert? I invaded the privacy of two consenting adults, although I wasn't sure about the 'consenting' part. Why in the world did two guys having sex fascinate me? I'm not homosexual – I never even thought about it before! I couldn't get it out of my mind.

After dinner I went to my bedroom and fired-up my laptop. While it was booting, I snuck a quick peek: the drapes were open and the light was still off. I devised a make-shift hook that held a small portion of my curtain open, enough so I'd be able to see if his bedroom light came on. I guess this was an admission on my part that I wanted to watch.

It was getting late. I felt disappointed. Suddenly I saw a light flicker from my window. I quickly turned off my table lamp. I went to the window and knelt on the rug and peeked into my neighbor's bedroom window.

They came into my view: they stood facing each other, their arms around one another, they kissed. I had a side view. They stood and fondled each other's cocks and balls. They kissed passionately – gone was the violence from the previous night. Soon they both had erections. The boy knelt before the man. He kissed and licked the man's hard cock. He licked his balls. He took the man's balls into his mouth. I was amazed he could fit the entire scrotum in his mouth. He sucked the man's balls.

I opened the curtain wider certain the man couldn't see me. I was wearing just boxers and I slid my hand inside. I rubbed my own stiff cock. 

The boy suddenly stood and the man led him to the loveseat. The man sat down. The boy turned around, he was facing me now. His hard cock bobbing before him, pointing straight at me.

He kind of looks like me! I thought. Same height and weight – same light brown hair. Even his penis looked like mine: average length and width, and uncircumsized, too. 

The boy positioned his bottom inches above the man's cock. I had an idea what would happen next, but I couldn't believe the boy could do it.

The boy's hand reached back and grasped the base of the man's cock; he placed the cockhead against his anus and pushed down. The man's seven inch cock slowly disappeared into the boy's asshole. I was flabbergasted! In a matter of seconds, the boy was impaled by the entire cock.

I expected the boy to cry out and howl in pain, instead, a calm, blissful look spread on his face. A slight smile curled the corners of his mouth. Then he began rising and lowering his hips. He slid up the man-pole until just the head was inside him, then he pushed down and took it all inside again.

I began breathing harder and my own hand moved faster on my hardness.

The man reached around the boy and took hold of his bobbing penis. He stroked it. I watched him masturbate the boy. A wide smile appeared on the boys face. The boy began fucking faster-and-faster – raising and lowering himself on the man's cock at a quickened pace. The man's hand furiously stroked the boy's cock. 

Through the window panes, I heard the faint cries of both of them as they came. I watched in fascination as the boy ejaculated spurt-after-spurt of cum into the air. That did it for me: my own cock exploded! I couldn't help myself -- I cried out in ecstasy. 

When I finished cumming, I looked to see if they heard me. I don't think they did.

They stood, they embraced, they kissed. Then the man closed the drapes.

I was tired – spent. I shut off the computer and went to bed. I thought I'd fall asleep right away, but I didn't. I still couldn't believe the boy was able to take the man's cock in his ass – and I couldn't believe how much the boy loved sliding up-and-down the man's seven inch cock.

My penis was getting hard again thinking about what I had just witnessed. I didn't think about anything anymore – I just stroked my cock until I had another mind-numbing orgasm.

Then I fell asleep.

I didn't have to work the next day. I showered, shaved and fixed a light breakfast. It was a beautiful day so I decided to take a book and read on the front porch. I sat in the chair that was closest to my neighbor's house.

I couldn't concentrate on the book. I wondered what was wrong with me. I thought of Annie, my high school sweetheart. How much I enjoyed being with her. How much I loved it when I finally persuaded her into giving me hand-jobs. I thought of the time in the back seat of my car when we 'went all the way'. We only 'did it' once though. She said we should wait for marriage. She broke up with me not long after that. 

And then it occurred to me how naïve I was. I really didn't know much about pleasing women. I didn't know much at all about sex. I suddenly felt sad and alone. I concentrated on reading my book.

The sun was getting high in the sky, and it was hot. I was thinking about going inside when I heard a lawn mower power-up. It was my neighbor. The noise came from behind his house; he was obviously mowing his back yard. I decided to stay on the porch.

I waited. He finally began mowing his front yard. I pretended to be reading, but I watched his every move. He was almost nude. The only piece of clothing he wore was very brief gym shorts. His body glistened with sweat and I watched his muscles flex and relax as he pushed the lawn mower. 

I furrowed my brow when I thought to myself how beautiful he looked. I never, ever had been attracted to a man in my life, and now these feelings confused me.

When he was finished mowing the lawn and he disappeared, I went inside. I felt weak. My heart was heavy. I sat at my computer for a few minutes then I had a thought. I peeked at his window. The drapes were open and the bedroom light was on. I waited on my knees. 

I guessed right: I saw him stand before the mirror; he had a towel and was finishing drying himself from his shower. His penis hung limply. I stared at it. I wondered what it would be like to be with him. 

He walked to the window and stood facing me. I briefly panicked – it was like he knew I was watching. He appeared to be looking down at the bushes that separated our houses. My penis became fully erect as I stared at him. He reached for the drapes and closed them. I wasn't sure, but I thought the last thing I saw was a smile on his face.

I lay on my bed and thought about him while I masturbated – I couldn't help myself.

I was on my computer the rest of the day – waiting. Waiting for darkness and waiting for the light in his bedroom to go on. I regularly checked his drapes. Nothing. I waited until midnight – nothing. I fell asleep feeling a heavy sadness.

The next day was the same. His drapes stayed closed all day and all night. I couldn't get him out of my mind. I masturbated 3-4 times that day – I lost count.

The next day I went back to work. I was glad to get out of the house. The fresh air felt good on my face. I snuck a peek at his house as I passed by; there was no movement.

It was a hectic day at work. Whatever could go wrong – did! I had no time to think. I was grateful. I snuck a peek at his house on my way home. Still no movement. When I reached the front door of my apartment I saw a small package on the floor. It had a yellow ribbon and bow on it. I picked it up and went inside. I figured it was from my mother. I laid it on my bed and stripped to my boxers – I didn't bother to wear anything else at home anymore. Then I opened the package.

There was a neatly folded letter on top of two items of clothing. I put the letter aside and looked at the clothes: one pair of sheer, diaphanous pale pink panties, and what looked to me to be a leather jock strap. Fear and excitement coursed through my body. My hands trembled as I unfolded the letter and read it:

Dear Cutie,

I know you've been watching me in my bedroom. I don't mind. I trust I've fueled your imagination, and provided you with numerous, powerful orgasms. It is my desire to continue 'our relationship'.

You have by now examined the articles of clothing I enclosed. I want you to wear the leather thong under your work slacks. The thin leather strip should fit snugly between your sweet bottom-cheeks. I want you to feel the leather against your anus while you work, in that way, I will always be in your thoughts. Once you are home, the thong should be removed and washed with soap and water.

I want you to wear the pink panties while you are watching me. From the moment I saw you, I pictured you wearing panties. Call it a fetish of mine -- 'Pretty panties for a pretty boy'!

I want you to masturbate inside the panties. I think you will enjoy the exquisite feeling of the sheer material against the flesh of your hard penis. No matter how many times you cum in your panties, you will not remove them until the next morning. Prior to your leaving for work, clean your panties with soap and water and hang them over the shower curtain rod to dry.

Tonight at 8 o'clock I will be 'breaking-in' a new boy. I want you to watch. I want you to imagine it is you in the bedroom with me. Wear only your panties. Enjoy!

Your Admirer

OH MY GOD!!! WTF??? 

Shame and humiliation flooded my mind. I re-read the letter four times. I was busted – he thought I was some kind of pervert! 

I have to get out of here – I have to move, my mind screamed. I sat motionless on the bed a long time. 

I knew I didn't have the money to move. I knew I had to stay here. What could I do? How do I respond to this? Should I be angry? I was a peeping-Tom and he caught me. 

I looked at the time, it was five-minutes-before-eight. I sighed. I knew what I had to do.

I hooked my thumbs in the waistband of my boxers and pulled them down and kicked them free. I picked up the pink panties and slid them up my legs and over my hips. I took my place by the window, on my knees. 

I watched and waited. My heart was pounding in my chest.

They appeared in the bedroom. I did not recognize the boy. He had the same build, and hair color as me. The boy had on shorts and a button-down shirt. My neighbor wore only gym shorts. He tried to pull the boy to him; he tried to put his arms around the boy. The boy would have none of it.

Suddenly, my neighbor reared back and slapped the boy hard across the face. I heard a muted shout of pain. The man grabbed the boy and wrestled him to the floor. He pinned him to the floor. The man clawed at the boy's shirt and ripped it open – buttons flew everywhere. He tossed aside the tattered garment. He pinned the boy's arms over his head. He held the boy's two wrists in one strong hand. He planted his knee on the boy's chest; the boy was helpless. The man opened the boy's pants then in one motion, yanked down both his pants and underwear. The boy was now naked. There was a look of terror on his face.

I wasn't sure what was going on. Was this real, or were they play-acting for my benefit? I felt my penis stir inside the panties.

The man pulled down his gym shorts exposing his angry, purple-headed member. He presented it to the boy's face; the boy turned his head. The man slapped his face again; he reached between the boy's legs and found his balls – he squeezed them – hard! The boy screamed in agony. The man once again held his hard penis before the boy's face. With tears in his eyes, the boy began kissing the hard cock. 

The man straddled the boy's chest, pinning him down. Escape was impossible. The man fed more and more of his cock to the boy's mouth. The man must have told the boy to suck his cock because suddenly the boy opened his mouth wide, and his lips engulfed the hardness. He slid his lips up-and-down the man's cock.

My own cock was now fully erect. I reached down and rubbed it through the sheer material of the panties. I groaned.

The man had the boy's arms pinned to the floor, as well. He grabbed the boy's ears and pulled them upward forcing more of his cock into the boy's mouth. He began to brutally face-fuck the boy by pulling and pushing the boy's head. Then he held the boy's head still and pumped his hips back and forth. I watched his cock plunge into the boy's mouth then back out to the tip then back into his mouth again. 

I was breathing harder; stroking my penis faster and faster.

The man pulled his cock out of the boy's mouth and pumped it rapidly with his hand. The man squatted over the boy's face. Suddenly, gobs and gobs of white cum shot from the man's cock onto the boy's face. 

I couldn't hold back any longer. "UUUUGGGHHHHH..." I cried out as my cock exploded and filled my panties with cum.

When I regained my composure, I watched the man rub his softening penis over the boys face, smoothing out his cum over his skin. He was obviously going to make the boy 'wear' the cum on his face. Then he presented his penis to the boy's mouth. The boy immediately licked the greasy cock clean.

The man got off the boy and sat on the loveseat. I saw the man say something to the boy; the boy struggled to his knees and moved between the man's legs. The man hooked his arms under his legs; pulled his legs back and upwards then spread his legs apart. Even where I was kneeling, I could clearly see the man's anus. His lips moved again; the boy leaned his face forward close to the man's asshole; suddenly the boy stopped; he shook his head from side to side refusing the man's request.

The man was strong, and quick! He scooped up the boy and forced him face down over his lap. He raised his hand high and brought it down hard on the boy's bottom. He spanked the boy long and hard. I could hear the man's hand smacking the boy's bottom-cheeks. 
