 The holiday had been a spur of the moment booking but, as I threw my case onto the bed and walked out onto the balcony, I knew it had been the right thing to do. Standing there on the balcony, the sun beaming down on me I ripped my t-shirt off over my head and looked down at the pool. 

Although it was only 10:00am it was already quite hot and there were quite a few people around the edge as well as a handful in the pool. 

Letting my eyes scan the pool side I noticed a couple of people that I would definitely like to get to know a lot better. The amount of naked flesh on display had caused my cock to start stiffening so I turned away, and stepped back into my room. 

Walking back over to the double bed I opened my case and started to unpack, placing all my clothes, except for a pair of shorts, in the chest of drawers that had been provided. Once all my clothes were away I looked at the bottom of the case and decided to leave what was still in there where it was, zipped the case back up and placed it under the bed.

Stripping my clothes off I admired my naked form in the full length mirror that was standing in the corner of the room. I was well toned with a muscular, but not overly, physique, stood 6'2" tall, had a few tattoos, long black hair and my cock was between seven and eight inches long and fairly thick when fully erect. 

Picking up shorts I stepped into them, my cock having finally returned to its flaccid state, and headed out of my room and downstairs to the bar. 

Ordering a beer I sat down and looked back out to the pool. I could see that I was going to enjoy the next two weeks, picked up my drink and walked out to get a closer look at the gorgeous bodies that were there.

Walking slowly around the edge of the pool I noticed a group of four scantily clad females following my every movement, but I had no interest in any of them. I was a lot more interested in the blond haired Adonis sitting next to them. His body was as equally well toned as mine, looked totally smooth and hair free and, as my eyes wandered down to his crotch, I could tell from the slight bulge that his tight shorts were hiding an impressive sized cock, and the sun recliner next to him was vacant.

Trying not to make my eagerness to get close to him not seem so obvious I continued to casually walk around the edge of the pool, before I was standing just inches away from him.

"Excuse me," I said. "Is this recliner taken?"

"No go ahead sit down, enjoy the view," he said. "Not seen you around before."

"I only got here this morning," I said. "I'm Dan."

"Pleased to meet you Dan, I'm Mikey," he replied.

I sat down next to him and took a large gulp from my beer, the group of females now staring at the two of us, and whispering among themselves.

"Looks like we have ourselves a fan club," I said.

Mikey looked over to where I was pointing and smiled.

"Those four are always down here," Mikey said. "On the prowl for fresh meat."

"Fresh meat?" I said wondering what he meant.

"Yeah anyone new around the pool is fair game to them," Mikey told me. "They bet each other who manages to get the new person into bed first, even if it's another female."

"Well they're not going to get very fair with me," I said. "I'm gay."

"You as well," Mikey said sounding slightly sarcastic.

"No I really am gay," I told him. "Is that a problem?"

"Not to me it's not," Mikey said. "Do you fancy another beer?"

"Thanks don't mind if I do," I said draining my glass and handing it him.

I watched Mikey's ass as he walked to the bar, my cock beginning to twitch again, and wondered if he really was gay or just saying it so the four girls left him alone to enjoy his holiday. I was still staring at him when he turned around and started to bring our drinks back. Feeling my face begin to go bright red I turned my head, and looked anywhere but at his gorgeous body.

"Here you go," Mikey said handing me a fresh beer. "What do you think then?"

"Seems like a nice enough hotel," I replied.

"I didn't mean about the hotel," Mikey said. "I saw you checking me out."

"Shit sorry I didn't mean to offend you," I said my face burning with embarrassment. 

"Hey I'm not offended," Mickey said. "Be a bit hypocritical of me to be when I started checking you out as soon as you began walking around the pool."

"So you really are gay," I said. "But I thought..."

"Technically I'm bi-sexual," Mikey said sitting back down. "But I do prefer men to women."

The two of us spent the next couple of hours chatting away, and watching the four desperate girls trying everything they could to get our attention, when Mikey leant over close to me.

"See how they react to this," he whispered."

"React to w..." I started to say.

I never even got to finish my sentence as Mikey grabbed me by the back of the neck, pulled my head forward and planted his lips against mine. I saw the four girls over his shoulder looking at us and grabbed the back of his neck as well. From just holding his lips against mine our mouths quickly opened, and our tongues darted into each other's mouths, as we kissed long and hard. 

Eventually neither of us could hold our breaths any longer and we pulled apart. Mikey rolled back onto his recliner, smiling, and I saw that his cock was now fully erect inside his shorts and I had been right, it really was impressive.

"Now are you going to answer my question?" Mikey said.

"Which question?" I asked still staring at his cock, desperate to wrap my fingers around it.

"What do you think of me?"

"I think that if you fuck as good as you kiss then we ought to go up to my room," I replied.

Mikey was up off the recliner before I even had chance to blink.

"What are you waiting for then?" he asked and grabbed my hand.

I stood up, glad that I had worn loose shorts, my cock throbbing so much for Mikey's touch and led him up to my room.

As soon as I got the door closed Mikey pulled me close to him and began to kiss me again. As our tongues clashed again I felt Mikey's hand slide into my shorts and brush against my cock. I gasped at his light touch and Mikey took that as a sign and wrapped his fingers around my thick, aching shaft. Slowly he began to wank my cock, occasionally stopping to massage my balls in the palm of his hand.

Slowly, so his hand didn't leave my shorts, I moved over to the bed and we both sat down. As quick as a flash Mikey had pulled my shorts down and thrown them across my room, before gripping my cock again and carrying on like before. As his hand continued moving up and down my shaft we both lay down and I reached for his cock. As I ran my fingers along the swollen outline of it through his shorts Mikey gasped and slid them down with his free hand.

I looked at his hard cock and slowly reached for it. It was larger than mine, at least an inch longer and definitely thicker, and I wrapped my fingers around him. I only stroked him a few times before I couldn't resist it any longer and, after looking into his eyes, I lowered my head and flicked my tongue over the swollen purple head tasting the first drops of pre-cum that had oozed from the end, before opening my mouth and slowly taking every inch of him in my mouth, only stopping when he hit the back of my throat.

Mikey let out a long, low moan as I began to bob my head up and down his shaft, greedily sucking him, and massaging his swollen balls at the same time.

"Fucking hell Dan you are good," he gasped as I started to speed up. "Let me fuck you."

As soon as he said it I let his cock fall from my mouth, eager to feel his thick cock buried deep inside my tight ass. Quickly I rolled on to my front and began to lift myself on to my knees, when Mikey stopped me.

"Not on here," he said. 

"Where then?" I asked desperate for him to fuck me.

"Come with me," he said, took my hand and led me to my room's balcony. "Spread yourself and bend over the railing."

"What if someone sees us?" I asked.

"I don't care I you don't," he said stroking his own cock to keep it hard. "Have you got any lube and condoms?"

"In the case under the bed," I told him.

I stepped off the balcony, back into the room, while he got my case out and opened it up.

"What's this for then Dan?" Mikey asked holding my five inch anal plug in his hand.

"For lonely nights," I replied. "Now get what you need, get over here and fuck me."

Dropping the anal plug Mikey took a condom and the tube of lube out of my case, unwrapped the condom and slid it over his cock. Walking back over to me as he opened the lube, I went back onto the balcony, held the railing and bent down. 

As the first dollop of lube hit my ass and he began to massage it over my tight ass, slipping a finger into me as he did so, I wrapped my hand around my cock and started to wank slowly.

After a few minutes of working my ass with his finger, Mikey removed it, gripped my ass in his strong hands and moved between my legs, parting them a little more with his feet.

"Are you ready or this Dan?" Mikey asked as I felt the head of his cock nudge against my ass.

"Just fuck me Mikey," I said pushing my ass back against him.

Slowly, and gently, Mikey started to ease his cock inside me. Once I had got over the initial pain of his swollen purple head entering me I relaxed and moaned loudly as, inch by inch, his cock pushed deeper and deeper into me. Once he was fully inside my ass, and I could feel his balls against me, I began to stroke my cock in time with his thrusting. 

His cock was the biggest one I had ever taken, and even with all the lube he had used, it hurt more than I was used to each time he pushed into me. Gritting my teeth, my moans got louder the harder he thrust, and I knew he wasn't going to last much longer, and neither was I.

"Fucking hell Dan I'm going to cum," he gasped as he thrust even harder into me, causing me to scream out loudly.

As I screamed, with a mixture of pleasure and pain, I saw everyone down by the pool look up, straight at the two of us and I couldn't hold back any longer. I flicked my wrist quickly a couple more times and started to cum more than I had for a very long time. As Jet after jet of my thick, white, milky liquid erupted from my cock, onto the balcony floor, Mikey rammed his cock into me hard and gasped loudly.

"YES YES YES," He shouted as I felt his cock twitch violently and he began to cum into the condom, buried in my ass.

"OH FUCK YES," I screamed, forgetting about the crowd that had formed to watch us, below by the pool. "DON'T FUCKING STOP MIKEY."

Once he was finished, and all I had left was a thin sliver of cum hanging down from my cock, Mikey slowly pulled his cock from my ass and removed the condom full of his cum, stepping back a couple of paces and dropping it into the bin that was just inside my room, next to the balcony door. Once he had disposed of the condom he came back out onto the balcony, slapped my ass and leant on the railing next to me.

Everyone below was still staring up at us, and I wondered what they must be thinking, seeing two guys that had just fucked standing in full view, still naked and semi-hard, without a care in the world.

"How long are you staying here for?" Mikey asked his hand running down over my ass.

"A couple of weeks," I said. "Why will we do this again?"

"This and a whole lot more," he said and quickly slid his middle finger back into my ass, surprising me and causing me to jump.