 The door was flung open with such force that I was surprised it didn't come off its hinges and Franco stood there, his face like thunder.

"WHY COULDN'T YOU DO WHAT THE FUCK I SAID?" He screamed at me.

"YOU CAN'T GO AROUND KIDNAPPING PEOPLE" I screamed back. "JUST TO GET YOUR OWN FUCKING WAY."

"I WANTED YOU FOR MYSELF," he said. "AND KNEW WITH THOSE TWO AROUND YOU WOULD NEVER LOOK AT ME TWICE."

Ever since I had known him I had never seen the look in his eyes that was there now. It was a look of genuine emotion and there was even a solitary tear welling up in his left eye.

"My family owns the entire hotel complex," he said. "Yet with all that I still end up alone."

"But kidnapping and forced filming is illegal," I said. "Surely you know that."

"I do but how else will I ever get to have what I need without it?"

"Don't forget I have seen the nice side of you Franco," I said. "The soft, caring, loving side and that is the side people want."

"You say that but when I tried I was humiliated by the first man I truly loved," Franco said and the solitary tear fell from his eye down his cheek.

Seeing Franco there, a pathetic, broken figure, the tear running down his face, caused a flicker of emotion to surge through my body and I took a step towards him, but as I did he stepped back away from me.

"Why are you backing away?" I asked, stopping my advance. "Tell me what happened Franco"

"I've never told anybody," He said.

"Well maybe if you did you could start moving forward," I told him. "And stop with your aggressiveness and hatred to people."

Franco lifted his head and looked at me, his eyes now completely filled with tears, but this time he didn't move. Reaching out I grabbed his wrist and pulled him over to the sofa and we both sat down.

"Start talking Franco," I said. "And maybe we can make all the bad stuff go away."

He looked at me straight in the eyes and a small, nervous smile escaped from his lips.

"Promise you won't tell anyone what I am about to say," he said.

"I won't say a word," I promised. "But you have a lot of people to make up to and some might not be as understanding as me."

"I know that." 

We stared at each other in silence for a few seconds, before Franco started to talk.

"I was in a relationship with another guy," he began. "And I thought things were going really well, but I was so wrong."

"Why were you?" I asked.

"Because one day after I had finished work I walked in on him with someone else."

"Did you know the other person?" I asked.

"No it was just some random holiday maker," he replied. "But when he saw me standing there he just laughed and carried on."

Tears started to fall down his face as he struggled to go on.

"After the other man had gone he found me at the bar and tried to apologize."

"What did you say?"

"He was very persuasive and I did love him," Franco sobbed. "So I listened to him and he then told me to meet him later on and he would make it up to me."

"Well did you meet?"

"Yes and it was the worst night of my life," Franco said and the tears fell freely then.

Looking around for some tissue or something I couldn't see any so headed into the kitchen to get him some. As I headed back to Franco I saw that he had used his top to wipe his face but gave him the tissues anyway.

"Carry on Franco," I said softly.

"At first everything was going well," Franco said. "He had cooked a romantic meal and, after cleaning up, he took me to bed."

"So what went wrong?" I asked.

"For the first time I let him tie me to the bed and blindfold me, because that's what he had always wanted to do."

"I've often thought about trying that," I said.

"I wouldn't not unless you are more than 100% sure of the person," Franco said.

"Why?"

"Because he had set me up," Franco said sobbing again. "By the end of the night I must have been fucked about fifteen times, by various different people, and all the time I could hear him barking out orders and laughing."

"So you were gang-raped?" I asked.

"Yes and when they had finished he personally rammed a large dildo into my ass, took pictures and then left."

"Did you ever report him?"

"No because I started to receive the pictures in the post with threats attached to them."

"What sort of threats?" I asked.

"He said it would happen again if anyone found out and next time I wouldn't be so lucky."

"What do you mean?"

"I never found out because, until now, I never said a word."

Feeling for the pain and humiliation he went through I put my arm around his shoulder instinctively, trying to comfort him.

"But why did you go the same way?" I asked.

"Because it meant I could have who I wanted," Franco said. "I just wanted someone to love me and thought that eventually one of the people I had would."

"But now you know it didn't work don't you?"

"Yeah and now it's too late for me," Franco said. "I'm just going to get a load of money and disappear that would be best."

"Do you think that will make things better?"

"Probably not but at least I wouldn't do it again."

I sat holding him trying to think of how to help him. Although he deserved to be punished for what he had done, a part of me understood why he had done it and that deep down he wasn't a bad person.

"Look Franco just keep out of everyone's way or a day or two," I said. "Get anyone you are still holding released and let me talk to people."

"Why would you try and help me?" Franco asked.

I didn't answer, instead I looked him directly in the eyes before kissing his lips lightly.

"Just trust me," I said.

"Dan will you do one thing for me before you go?" Franco asked.

"What's that Franco?" I asked half knowing what he was going to say.

"Make love to me," he said. "Not just a quick fuck but passionate love."

Without saying a word I walked over to the door and made sure it was locked before going back to Franco, taking his hand, pulling him up from the sofa and leading him towards the bedroom.

"We will do this and I will then try to help you," I said. "But if you cross me I will make sure you get punished like you should, by the law."

"I promise I won't cross you," Franco said. "I just want all this to go away." 

"I'll do what I can," I said pulling him close to me.

Wrapping my arms around the back of his neck I pulled his head forward, our lips meeting, and we kissed softly. All sorts of thoughts were racing through my mind as our tongues began to explore each other's mouths, and I started to wonder if I was doing the right thing, but he did seem genuinely remorseful and, for some reason I was prepared to trust him.

Our bodies pressed against each others, as we continue to kiss passionately, and I could feel the outline of his cock underneath his trousers becoming harder by the second. Slowly I brought one of my hands around to his front and let it rest against his hardness, massaging him gently, feeling his cock grow even harder.

Slowly I lowered his zipper and slid my hand inside his trousers, surprised to find he wasn't wearing any underwear, and encircled his cock with my fingers. Franco gasped at my touch and threw his head back, breaking our kiss, and as I began to move my hand up and down the length of his shaft he continued to moan softly, occasionally whispering my name.

As my hand stroked his cock my own stiffened harder than ever and I whispered to him to hold me, just like I was him, and gasped as I felt his fingers grip me tightly. We began to kiss again as we both stroked and wanked each other's hard cocks, moving towards the bed without stopping and slowly laying down.

Using my free hand I eased his trousers down over his hips, freeing him, before lowering my head and letting my tongue flick over the glistening, pre-cum covered head of his cock. Tasting his salty juices I opened my mouth wide and slowly lowered my head, taking his full length to the back of my throat, before closing my lips around him. Franco let out a loud moan and whispered for me to suck him slowly, and I began to move my head up and down the whole length of his shaft slowly, stopping occasionally to flick my tongue over the gorgeous swollen head of his cock.

After only a few minutes Franco began to buck his hips wildly, and I felt his cock twitch in my mouth once, before he came, his thick, white, milky, liquid erupting into my mouth and hitting the back of my throat almost causing me to gag. Slowly I milked every drop of liquid from his cock as he lay back gasping, before taking my mouth away and kissing him passionately on the lips.

Without saying a word the two of us stripped out of the rest of our clothes and lay next to each other on the bed, Franco's cock softening but mine still rock hard. Wrapping his fingers around me and starting to wank me slowly he looked into my eyes.

"Fuck me Dan please," he said quietly, almost pleadingly.

I looked at him and kissed his lips before easing him onto his side, and moving in place behind him. After quickly covering my cock with lube from the bedside cabinet I lifted his top leg slightly and began to nudge his tight ass with my swollen cock, until I finally eased myself into him. We both gasped as I began to thrust my hips slowly, each thrust embedding my cock deeper into him, until I was buried in his ass right up to my balls.

Reaching over his ;leg I wrapped my fingers around his flaccid cock, slowly stroking him back to full hardness, as I continued to thrust slowly deep into his ass. Franco groaned each time I thrust forward and, once his cock was back to full hardness, I began to thrust faster, wanking him as I did, wanting him to cum exactly as I did.

I managed to hold back for about ten minutes, regulating my thrusting to last as long as possible, until Franco groaned that he was going to cum again. As soon as he said those words my thrusting and wanking became more urgent and, as I felt his cock twitch in my hand, mine twitched violently inside him, and the two of us erupted together. Twitch after twitch from my cock unloaded more and more of my thick cum inside his ass, Franco's own cock shooting cum onto the bed and my hand, until neither of us could give anymore.

"That was beautiful Dan thank you," Franco whispered breathlessly as he squeezed his ass around my cock, holding me deep inside of him.

"Yes," I gasped. "It was."

The two of us just lay there, my cock softening inside Franco, until I pulled away and rolled onto my back. Franco rolled over and put his arm across my chest and kissed me.

"Franco you have to let me get up and try to sort out your mess now," I said softly.

"I know I do but I'm scared you will just vanish," he replied.

"I promised to help you and I will," I said. "But you have to destroy any evidence of what you have been doing as well."

"What do you mean?" Franco asked.

"Any videos, any pictures, anything that could show what you have been up to," I said. "And Mikey and Jackson have to be released unharmed."

"Okay I'll do that," he said "What are you going to do?"

"Once Mikey and Jackson are okay I shall talk to them

"They'll kill me," Franco protested.

"You don't know that," I said. "Besides did they ever see your face?"

"No I was always careful about that."

"Then trust me," I said sitting up and reaching for my clothes.

Once I was dressed I looked at Franco and told him to do what I had said, but to not leave this place we were in until I returned, with Mikey and Jackson.

"What about Ant he knows everything?"

"I'll figure him out when everything is sorted don't worry." I said and walked out of the room leaving Franco lying there, in bed, naked to wait for my return.