 Once again I found myself walking back to my hotel, only this time it was on my terms, not Franco's. While I was walking I decided that if Mikey and Jackson weren't waiting to see me when I got back, I would report Franco straight to the authorities, no matter what I had promised about helping Franco. 

I arrived back hot, seat pouring from every pore of my body and still unsure if I was going to be doing the right thing helping Franco but, as soon as I entered the pool area I saw Mikey and Jackson sitting by the bar, drinking. Unsure what to expect from them I walked slowly towards them, Mikey seeing me first and nudging Jackson, the two of them then standing up together.

As we got nearer each other the three of us started to smile. I reached my hand out, not knowing what to expect, and Mikey gripped it and pulled me forward into his arms and hugged me tight before Jackson wrapped his around the both of us.

"We need to talk," I said when we finally broke apart.

"Fuck talking we have both missed you so much," Jackson said. "Talking is the last thing we need to do."

"Jackson's right Dan," Mikey added. "Let's all go back to your room."

Before I could argue the two of them had stood either side of me, put their arms through mine and started to lead me back towards my old room.

"Hang on I changed rooms after you two disappeared," I said.

"Why'd you do that?" Mikey asked.

"I didn't want to stay there after everything that had gone on," I replied thinking quickly on my feet. "Especially after I had been told that your holiday had finished and you had both just left."

"We would never have done that to you," Jackson said. "Who told you that?"

"That's why we need to talk," I said and turned them towards the direction of the room Franco had given me.

By the time we arrived at mine, and we had all gone inside, I think I was as horny as Mikey and Jackson were. All they could talk about was what they wanted to do and how, since they had been held, they had only ever seen each other for sex, and that was to be filmed, the rest of the time they had been kept apart and their sex talk had given me the biggest erection I could ever remember having.

I locked the door, not because of what may happen once the three of us were alone, but to make sure no-one walked in and heard what I was going to be telling the two of them. As I went to walk across the room, towards the balcony doors to lock them as well, I had to pass Mikey and Jackson on the sofa and, as soon as I got level with them, they grabbed my arms and pulled me down onto the sofa with them. Before I could protest, or fight my way back up, Mikey clamped his lips against mine and Jacksons hand snaked down the inside of my trousers and wrapped his fingers around my thick, rock hard shaft.

"Fuck I've missed this cock," Jackson whispered into my ear as he started to stroke me slowly.

Unable to say anything, due to Mikey's tongue being rammed into my mouth I allowed both my hands to wander of each of their crotch's, feeling the outline of their hard cocks through their clothes, and I had to admit that I had missed the fun we had been having before all the trouble had started.

Mikey was the first to react to my touch and he hurriedly undid his trousers and slid them, and his boxer shorts, down to release his cock for me, his lips still clamped against mine, our tongues still exploring every inch of each other's mouths. Jackson continued to stroke my hard cock as I wrapped my hand around Mikey's and began to slowly wank him. Reaching over my hand Mikey slid Jackson's zip down and freed his cock as well, before wrapping his hand around his full length and the three of us just sat there on the sofa, someone's cock in our hand, and masturbated each other slowly until Jackson decided that just stroking my cock wasn't good enough for him.

Gripping the waistband of what I was wearing he pulled them down fast, releasing my cock, pre-cum glistening on the end of it and he lowered his head quickly, flicking his tongue over the swollen purple head, tasting my juice, and then taking my full length right to the back of his throat. He began to suck me quickly and, getting hornier and hornier, I lowered my head towards Mikey's cock and took him in my mouth as well.

"I need to fuck someone now," Jackson said, letting my cock fall from his mouth.

Before Mikey or I could respond he had pulled me to the edge of the sofa and lifted my legs onto his shoulders, exposing my tight hole to his throbbing hard cock. Without lube it felt like he was tearing my ass open as he pushed his cock forcefully into my hole but once he was in, and the pain subsided, it felt really good. As Jackson began to thrust slowly back and forth into my ass Mikey leant over, wrapped his fingers around my cock, lowered his head and began to run his tongue along my whole length, and around my balls, occasionally sucking on them hard causing me to gasp even more.

Jackson's thrusting became more urgent as he neared his orgasm and Mikey quickly wrapped his mouth around my cock and began to suck greedily, each thrust from Jackson driving my cock to the back of Mikey's throat.

"FUCK I'M GOING TO CUM," Jackson shouted out and I felt his cock tighten in my ass.

"CUM JACKSON I'VE MISSED YOU SO MUCH," I called back, "I'M GOING TO CUM AS WELL."

As Jackson rammed his cock as hard and far as he could into my ass one last time I felt him shudder and he gasped as the first stream of cum left his body and entered mine. Gripping Mikey's head, making sure he didn't pull away, I arched my back and thrust forward as well, unloading stream after stream of thick, milky cum into Mikey's mouth. Greedily Mikey swallowed as much as he could, a small amount leaking from the corner of his mouth, as I took all Jackson had to offer inside my ass.

"Just need to get you to cum now Mikey," I gasped Jackson still slowly thrusting in and out of me.

Mikey didn't need telling twice and quickly knelt on the sofa, holding his cock still, so I could wrap my lips around him. Licking the small drop of salty pre-cum from the end of his cock first, I licked my lips, then took his whole length in my mouth and began to suck furiously, desperate to make him cum quickly, and while Jackson still softly fucked my ass. It didn't take long for Mikey's legs to start quivering, and his balls tighten, and he couldn't hold back. 

Jackson thrust his cock hard once more into my ass and as he did Mikey erupted, his cum shooting to the back of my throat and I swallowed as much as I could. Once he stopped cumming, and I let his cock fall from my mouth, Jackson quickly clamped his lips over mine, his tongue eagerly dancing around the inside of my mouth tasting all the cum I hadn't managed to swallow.

Eventually the three of us collapsed back on the sofa, our cocks now flaccid and hanging between our legs, the smell of sweat and sex lingering in the air and relaxed until we had all got our breath back.

"Look I can't put it off any longer," I said. "I need to talk to you."

"What about?" Mikey asked letting his hand creep onto my thigh again.

"About your kidnap," I said. "And who was behind it and why."

"How come you know so much?" Jackson asked.

"Because while you were being held I was being set-up as well," I said. "By the gorgeous coloured guy from by the pool that we had all fantasized about."

"I bet it's all down to that bastard Franco," Mikey said anger in his voice.

"It is yes Mikey," I said. "But I need to explain to you."

"It better be fucking good," Jackson said.

"After I tell you it is up to you what happens next," I told them both.

"You best start talking then," Mikey said.