 Dave couldn't believe it had happened. Three days before. Evening. How could it have happened? But he knew for sure - the last three days had been hell. Well, if not hell, at least humiliating. And in the face of the mockery, the jibes, he had tried to maintain as much dignity as he could. It had not been easy. Perhaps the thing that surprised him most was the level of prejudice in the people he worked with. He couldn't believe that people he worked with perfectly easily before, should now turn out to be like this. Sure, some of the jibes were good-humoured, but in many of them there was real venom. Some of the names he had been called showed a real viciousness. And of course, many of them couldn't face him - the jibes were written in the toilets, pinned on the notice boards, left on his desk, all anonymous. He heard the giggles when he walked in the room, when he picked up the next offensive comments about him. And one or two were nasty to his face. One even spat at him in a corridor. What had been an easy pleasant office to work in had now become a living hell. And it wasn't just the men. As the women in the office heard what had happened they too started to sneer down their noses at him, refuse to talk to him, wouldn't stay in the same room as him.

Dave's mind wandered back to that evening. The office had decided to play 5-a-side football at the sports centre. It had been good fun, the dozen or so men of the office had a good time. But it happened in the shower room after. Dave had been struggling to work out how to sort out a complex contract which would bring the company a lot of money. He had sought advice through the previous week from his colleagues. It was in the shower room that Tony, who had been a good friend for several years, stood next to him, with a suggestion. An idea.

"Perhaps the problem, Dave," he was saying, "Is that we are trying to appeal to his desire for profit," - talking about the managing director of Incorporated Phones - Charlie Seddon. Dave continued. "But their business can print money, there is so much profit in it. Perhaps we should find a way to appeal to his desire to be seen as a wonderful socially aware citizen."

It was so obvious - so obvious than no-one had thought of it. Dave thought long and hard at that moment, staring into space, trying to work out what that might mean for the contract. He was working it through into his mind, looking no-where in particular.

Dave had been so lost in thought that he wasn't aware that while he was staring into space, turning the idea over, seeing nothing, everyone else saw his eyes staring at the groin of one of the junior members of the office - Marcus - as if he was ogling the young man's cock. Everyone saw. Everyone assumed. Everyone piled in with the insults. That simple thing - him staring into space, everyone thinking he had been ogling Marcus which started it.

Dave just couldn't believe how anti-gay the people in the office were. The vitriol. Insults had all stemmed from that one stupid incident. It wasn't as if he were single - Jenny was a wonderful wife, he adored her, they had three lovely children. Yet somehow the hatred and the vitriol gathered momentum and changed the friendly office into a place of bigotry and hatred with Dave unjustifiably on the end of it.

For the three days since Dave had re-written the contract to appeal to the managing director of Incorporated Phones. He was remembering all of what had happened as he sat outside Charlie's office, ready to present the revised contract. But there was just a corner of Dave - perhaps buried deep down, that was wondering something else. A corner wondered what he might have seen if he had not been totally distracted...

He waited for ten minutes before Charlie invited him in. Charlie was a good man, but shrewd and tough. Dave sold the new contract for all it's worth. For forty minutes he presented the new contract, explaining the benefits, how it would help Incorporated Phones to raise it's social profile as well as pay for itself.

At the end - Charlie sat, silently, thinking. He seemed to think for the best part of 5 minutes. Occasionally he asked questions.

"Okay Dave" - Dave wasn't sure which way he would go - "Ok Dave, I will sign the contract. But on one condition. You come here and work it from my end. Work for me. I'll double what you are getting at the agency. They can get their profit. But you start for me on Monday." 

As Dave walked back to his car he couldn't believe how it had all happened. Three days ago, then three days of hell in an office full of bigots, then suddenly a better job with a better company, with better pay. What next...

The next day at work - the Friday - went very slowly. He took great delight in presenting the signed contract to his boss. He took great delight in telling his boss, then all the staff, that they could stuff their jobs. He wasn't expecting a fairwell party, and walked out at 4.30pm without looking back. He had no resentment. Just a sense of sadness of lost friendships - he had enjoyed most of his time there, just the last three days... No, he thought - the last three days were history, life moves on, he moves on...

On Monday Dave was sat in Charlie's office. They were discussing how the contract should be implemented at Incorporated Phones. Already Dave was enjoying the work, the new challenges. He found the company full of hard working people, but they would respect you if you worked hard. He knew this was going to be a good job. Things were starting well. 

It was on the Wednesday evening that the real surprise came. It was from Jenny who had just answered the phone. "Dave, there's someone on the phone for you," Jenny shouted up the stairs. "Says his name is Marcus." 

Marcus? There was only one Marcus he knew - the cause of all his problems. The last person he wanted to speak to. "Okay," Dave shouted, I'll take it on this phone."

The voice was very nervous, shaky, but it was definitely the Marcus from work. "Dave?" There was a pause as Marcus was clearly struggling for what to say. 

"Dave, I'm parked outside your house. Can I come in to speak to you? Just briefly."

Dave thought for a moment - the last person he wanted to speak to was... "Dave, please, give me a minute..." Marcus sounded desperate. Dave thought...

"Okay, one minute." David replied curtly.

Just as Dave opened the door to Marcus, Jenny disappeared out to her evening class. Dave couldn't quite remember which one this was, but he hoped she would have a good time. The classes were important to her, and Dave was more than happy for her to go to them. Dave nodded for Marcus to come in, and led him to the sitting room. He didn't offer him a chair.

Marcus had been a good friend until that evening. He was a gentle lad - maybe 22 years old. He was always smartly dressed, even in casual clothes, and Dave had been surprised that he had been caught up in the office problems. Dave nodded for him to speak. 

Marcus looked almost in tears as he started. "I'm really sorry for what happened. I didn't mean it to happen. It was awful what you went through. I've resigned from there. I can't work there knowing what happened..." Marcus's prepared speech had run out, leaving Dave feeling very angry, all the dark feelings rising to the surface.

"Sorry? You are Sorry?" he shouted back at Marcus. "Sorry? You started all this!"

"I'm sorry, I hated it. I never said anything." Marcus suddenly sounded defensive.

Dave thought for several moments. He was right - Marcus hadn't joined in the name calling. But that wasn't enough.

"But you never said anything. You never defended me. You let me go through all that."

Suddenly Dave noticed that Marcus had tears on his face, so Dave gestured for him to sit down. Marcus struggled to speak. "I wanted to, but I couldn't. All them against me. I needed the job. I couldn't face failing. I'm really sorry, Dave."

Again there was a long pause, Dave's mind whirling. "But you said you have resigned."

Marcus replied. "I had to. It was so bad. I decided I had to leave for the sake of my integrity, and take the consequences. My parents are horrified that I left. Thought I was set up in a good job. Good prospects. Can't understand why I left, and I can't tell them." Suddenly Marcus broke down in tears, sobbing. Dave suddenly was aware of what Marcus had been through. But for Dave there was something else...

Dave handed Marcus some tissues and let him cry for a couple of minutes, before getting up from his own chair to sit next to Marcus, put his arms around him and hold him. He whispered to Marcus. "Don't worry, I don't hold it against you. I'm sorry what you have been through. And I respect your integrity - I'm sure the right thing will come up for you..."

Marcus calmed down, and the two of them sat back in their chairs, they chatted for a few minutes about trivial things, and at last Marcus began to rose to his feet.

"I'm really sorry, Dave, for what happened. It was all my fault..." He got to his feet as he finished talking. "I really am sorry for everything. If there is anything I can do to make up for it, anything at all, please tell me."

It was out before Dave could even engage his brain. "Well, I would like to see what I was supposed to be staring at."

Why did he say it? He wasn't interested in men. All his life he had been 100% straight. Jenny had been hot enough for him. Dave was suddenly embarrassed. Why had he said it? He had never thought about men...

For several moments Dave continued to sit, Marcus stood there unmoving, equally shocked, his mind trying to process what had just happened. He too had always been straight. Had his share of girlfriends. Had never thought of a man...but suddenly...he really liked this man...he wanted to be seen...

Suddenly Marcus allowed his hands to move to the belt of his trousers. He undid the belt, then the hook, then lowered the zip. He let the trousers fall to his ankles.

Dave was stunned, transfixed, at what this lad was doing, but felt his own trousers tighten...

Marcus looped his fingers in the side of his underpants and began to lower them, pushing them downwards. He was aware of Dave's eyes staring at him, of Dave's breathing getting shorter as Marcus pushed the pants down to his ankles as well. Marcus knew his cock was getting harder.

For what seemed an eternity Marcus stood with Dave watching him. Dave was looking at this cock - perhaps 6 inches long, "sprouting" out of black hair - thinking it was beautiful...

He seemed to do the next bit without his mind being aware...Dave stood up from his chair, fell to his knees in front of Marcus and kissed the tip of the cock. He had never thought of ever doing anything like this, but it just seemed so right. He reached down, pulled Marcus's shoes off his feet, then removed his trousers and underpants completely, throwing them onto a chair.

Dave gently took Marcus's balls in his hand, then let his lips again lingeringly kiss the tip of his cock.

After a time, Dave let his tongue begin to run around the head of Marcus's cock, then down the length, the cock twitching against his mouth. He heard Marcus moan as he caressed the sensitive part under the head, then let his lips return to the tip, tasting pre-cum this time. 

Marcus just stood there, breathing hard, moaning gently, he felt for a moment that this was all he wanted...

Dave took the head of the cock into his mouth, then slowly let his mouth take the length of the cock inside, his tongue gently caressing as the cock moved further in. At last he had taken as much as he could into his mouth - it tasted so good. Slowly he slid his mouth up and down, hearing Marcus moan, feeling Marcus resting his hands on his head.

As he slid his mouth up and down, he let his fingers play gently with the balls, he let his tongue swirl all over this cock. It was clear Marcus was enjoying it as well as his hips moved back and forwards in rhythm with Dave's sucking. 

Dave sucked harder, slid his mouth up and down the cock quicker, until he heard Marcus moan out "Oh, fuck, so good, suck it, please keep sucking..."

Dave slid his mouth faster and faster up and down Marcus's cock, until he suddenly heard Marcus cry out, his body shudder...

Dave tasted warm liquid in his mouth as Marcus pumped hard. Dave swallowed hard. Sucked hard. Marcus shook. Moaned. Filling Dave's mouth. Tasting so good. Dave took every drop, swallowed every drop of cum he could...

At last he released Marcus's cock from his mouth. Marcus crumpled to the floor beside him. Dave wrapped his arms around him and hugged him.

After a few minutes Marcus looked up into Dave's eyes. "Thankyou," he whispered. Then after a few more minutes Marcus whispered: "What about you? What do you want?"

Suddenly Dave was aware of what he wanted - he wanted to possess this young man. He wanted to make him submit to him. Dave whispered back in a voice not to be denied: "On your hands and knees".

Marcus also knew what he wanted - he wanted to submit as much as he could to this man. He moved onto his hands and knees, waiting.

Dave quickly removed his trousers and underpants; Dave went to the drawer where he knew his wife kept some Vaseline and smeared it on his now throbbing hard cock. He knelt behind Marcus and put the tip of his cock to his asshole. He plunged harshly and strongly, so that in one thrust his cock was buried deep in Marcus's ass.

Marcus gasped and cried out, but took it, kneeling there getting used to feeling a man deep in his ass - where no-one had ever been before. They knelt there unmoving as Marcus got used to it, as Dave enjoyed the tightness around his cock. At last Dave knew Marcus was ready. He whispered "now I'm going to fuck you, honey." Dave began to thrust his cock in and out of Marcus's ass, at first slowly, but knowing he wouldn't be able to last long. 

Dave heard Marcus moan with pleasure as he began to fuck him harder and harder, sliding faster and faster in and out of the hole. Suddenly Dave tensed, suddenly he was pumping his cum deep into Marcus's ass. He was even half aware of Marcus squeezing him, milking him as he came harder than he had ever cum before, filling this young man, this young bitch.

At last Dave felt himself relaxing, and pulled out of Marcus. They lay side by side, exhausted. But as they came round the exhaustion rapidly changed to embarrassment. Dave began to apologise. "I'm sorry. Never done this before. Never with a man. Please, I'm sorry, don't know what came over me..."

Remarkably it was Marcus who now had more confidence, but kept his eyes averted from Dave's. "Don't worry Dave, it was the best sex I've ever had. I loved it. I want to do it again."

He paused, then continued. "All the girls expect me to take them, I loved you taking me."

Another pause, then Marcus continued. "Perhaps I should go. Please don't forget. And if you want, I'm always available to you."

Within seconds Marcus had been to the bathroom, cleaned up, dressed. Dave was still lying on the floor when he heard the door close and Marcus leave. He looked around, say the clock. Jenny would be home in half an hour - Dave got to his feet, cleaned up...

Ten minutes after Jenny and Dave went to bed Jenny spoke: "Mmmmmmmm, someone is really horny tonight..."

For two weeks Marcus wondered what had happened that evening. Every time he did he became very aroused - he never thought of himself as bi or gay, but that evening... Over the two weeks he and Dave had not even been in touch - Dave too busy with his new job, Marcus too busy trying to find work. Marcus had just got in from job hunting when the phone rang. It was Dave's voice...

"...Hi Marcus, I wonder if you have got anywhere job hunting? If you haven't I have a vacancy for a personal assistant. You interested...?"