 PRELUDE

Jack woke up in the hotel bed and he was naked. He normally didn't sleep in the nude unless there was a girl in his bed. What woke him up was the soft tender mouth sucking his cock. The mouth belonged to a pretty blonde named Chrissy but Chrissy wasn't a girl. Chrissy was a very pretty gay young man. For the first time in his life, Jack had had sex with a gay man. 

Now Jack lay back on the bed as Chrissy sucked on the big cock. He was propped up with the pillows and for the first time he watched Chrissy in the mirror on the wall over the dresser. He watched Chrissy's head bob up and down enjoying the oral sex. Every so often he would look at the mirror and marvel at the lovely ass. The very scrumptious looking ass that he fucked twice the night before.

"Do you want me to keep sucking you or would you like to fuck me?"

"I'd like to fuck you again."

"Good, I was hoping you would."

Chrissy used the lube which was like a greaseless gel and prepared his anus for the penetration he so desired. Next, he lubed Jack's cock and stroked it lovingly. He straddled the muscular thighs and reached back with his dainty hand to grasp the throbbing shaft. Using his hand, he guided it to his entrance and slowly lowered himself onto it. Chrissy emitted a gasp as the thick cock filled his chamber. He remained still for a few moments and then began a rocking motion. Once he was comfortable, he leaned over toward Jack.

They fucked slowly and matched each other's pace. Jack hugged the pretty blonde to him. This was more like making love and not just raw sex. Jack felt closeness to Chrissy that he had not felt the night before. When Chrissy moved his face from Jack's shoulder to look him in the eye; it seemed natural for them to kiss. It was a tender fleeting kiss and Jack was surprised with the softness of the gay man's lips. Chrissy rocked his body back and forth relishing the feel of the rigid shaft in his bottom. It was the first time they had fucked in this position.

Chrissy was the first to cum as he was overcome with the passion of the moment. His cock spurted five or six streams onto Jack's chest, abs and pubes. It was the first time he had cum on Jack's body and he was a little worried about the reaction. However, Jack seemed to ignore the ejaculation and continued to fuck Chrissy caressing his lovely body in the process. Then Jack stiffened and fired a massive load deep into the gripping clenching rectum. Chrissy fell forward onto his lover's muscular body and cooed as Jack caressed the smooth flawless back and buttocks. They stayed in that position for several minutes before Chrissy eased himself off the still hard shaft.

"Get me a towel, would you?"

"Sorry about cumming on you. It kind of snuck up on me."

"No problem, I understand."

Jack wiped the semen from his body as Chrissy cleaned his own bottom. Looking at the lovely ass, Jack had to fuck it again. He told Chrissy to get on all fours this time but to kneel at the foot of the bed. He did as he was told and knelt on the floor with his chest on the mattress. Jack used more lube and then re-entered the irresistible ass a second time. It would take him longer to cum this time but he didn't mind as he loved being buried in the sweet bottom.

He took his time fucking the pretty blonde caressing the shapely cheeks and watching his cock slide in and out. He must have fucked Chrissy for nearly 30 minutes before he felt the familiar twinge in his loins. Sensing that Jack was close, Chrissy asked him to cum on him instead of in him. 

"Jack, I want you to shoot on me. Aim your cock at my anus and cum on me. Then put your cock back in me."

Jack had never done that with any of the girls he had ever fucked. He thought it was a little strange but he honored his lover's request. Just when he felt he was about to shoot, he pulled out and aimed his cock at the dilated anus. Several streams shot out and coated the anus and buttocks. As the remaining semen began to ooze from the pee slit, he pushed his cock back into the receptive chamber. He fucked Chrissy briefly and then pulled out again. This time he scooped up more of his load with the head of his cock and re-entered his lover's ass. Now he didn't find it so strange and he was actually turned on by the action.

Chrissy had a hold of his own cock and jerked on it until he sprayed his seed on the end of the mattress. He emitted a cry and fell forward as he ejaculated. Jack kept his cock in the sweet ass and resumed caressing the shapely buns. They eventually separated got up and showered separately. 

They both had to get to work. Jack would have all day to think about his very first gay encounter. He actually liked fucking the very effeminate young gay man with the incredible ass. It was as nice an ass that he had ever fucked. Jack had no problem with the bisexual encounter as he was still not interested in cock and he didn't feel that his manhood was challenged.

THE MEETING

Jack was new to this city as he had just accepted a job with a large company as a manager in the information technology division. He mistakenly entered a LGBT club as it appeared to be a swinging spot. Once he realized his mistake he did not want to appear obvious and leave right away. He would stay for one drink and then move on, or so he thought. He stood at the bar nursing a scotch. He scanned the club and it was hopping with loud music and people dancing. He spotted this good looking blonde in a black bell-bottom pants suit with and absolutely marvelous ass. He was sure it was a lesbian but he could not take his eyes off the shapely derriere.

Every movement of the blonde was feminine. The way she used her hands when she talked and they way she shifted her weight from one leg to the other. Jack soon realized that it was not a girl but a very pretty young man. He studied the guy closely as many of his acquaintances walked up to him and chatted with him. Some of them would grab a cheek of his ass and he would act flirtatious in response. He would shift the weight to one leg emphasizing his curvy ass, drop and wiggle his shoulders and tilt his head to one side. He acted very much as a girl would if someone touched her ass. He also had an ass that many girls would die for. Jack found it entertaining to watch him and his buddies as they played grab ass. Minutes later the blonde approached Jack.

" Hi. I'm Chrissy. I saw you watching me before. You're pretty impressed with me, aren't you?"

"I'm not impressed with you Chrissy. I was staring because you look like a girl."

"I bet you were thinking about fucking me, weren't you? It's okay everyone does?"

"I can see that you're humble too. No, I wasn't thinking about fucking you, I was thinking that many a girl would love to have an ass like yours. I was just about to leave. I came here by mistake."

"If I was a girl, I bet that you would like to fuck me wouldn't you. Let's get a fresh drink and then we can walk around and I'll show you the rest of the place. Come with me but be ready to be shocked with what you see."

Jack suspected that he might see people having sex but nothing could have prepared him for what he was to witness. He followed Chrissy up the stairs and he couldn't help but watch his curvy ass as he ascended the stairs. They walked behind a dark curtain and the light was very dim. It took his eyes minutes to adjust but when they did he saw people in various stages of undress kissing and having sex. He stayed close to Chrissy as they made his way around a maze of hallways.

They passed twosomes and threesomes having sex. He noticed one guy fucking another one standing up and they both had their slacks and underwear down around their knees. Three other guys had their pants and underwear around their ankles. One was kneeling on the floor with a cock in his mouth and another one in his ass. The he spotted two girls kissing, rubbing each other's tits and pussies. Jack had never participated in an orgy and he had never seen such a blatant display of sex. 

Chrissy took Jack by the arm and led him to another room that was filled with cubicles. Chrissy found a vacant one and pulled Jack inside with him. Once inside he locked the door, dropped to his knees, opened Jack's pants and pulled them with the underwear down to his ankles. Jack didn't stop him because he was actually turned on a bit from watching the sex acts when they walked around.

Jack's rock hard 7+" cock sprang free and bobbed in Chrissy's face. He began kissing the cock and running his tongue up and down the full length of it eventually taking it in his mouth. He gave Jack the most incredible blow job ever. He would bring Jack to the edge and then slow down delaying the ejaculation as long as possible. Chrissy tested his gag line deep throating the cock as he handled Jack's balls lovingly. 

Jack couldn't hold it any longer and he warned him that he was going to cum. Chrissy went right on sucking him as he blasted volley after volley of cum in the succulent mouth. Chrissy kept swallowing rapidly and he did not miss a drop. He continued to suck Jack draining and cleaning the cock of any trace of sperm. When he started to nibble on the dick head Jack's knees got weak and he had to push him off me before he collapsed. Jack was drained and speechless as he had just let a gay guy suck his cock in a gay club. Jack told Chrissy that he wanted to leave. Chrissy showed him a way down the stairs at the back of the club and they exited through a different door.

"That wasn't so bad, was it?"

"No it wasn't. You give great head but you caught me at a weak moment."

"That was a big load and you came pretty quickly. I bet you needed that."

"I thought that I was going to chase pussy tonight so I was in the mood for sex."

"You're not going to find any good-looking pussy in this part of town."

"I learned that tonight."

"Want some company tonight?"

"I am not gay and I am not into cock."

"I'm cool with that. I'm a bottom and I want you to be my top for tonight." 

Jack was anxious to get a look at the lovely ass and he was sure that he could bring himself to fuck it. He agreed and Chrissy followed him to the hotel. Once in the room it was right down to business and they stripped naked. Jack was impressed with the shapely effeminate blonde. He continued to marvel at the pretty gay as Chrissy looked very much like girl from behind. He had long blonde hair that covered his ears and the nape of his neck. His 5'6" body was slender and shapely. He had very nice legs and an absolute killer ass. Chrissy liked Jack's 6'2" chiseled body, he broke the silence. 

"How old are you Chrissy?"

"I'm 22, still twink age."

"I'm sorry, you said twink?"

"Yes, it's a term used for effeminate gay men 18 to 22 years of age. One has to be pretty, slender and have a nice ass. Most straight men prefer their twinks to be blonde."

"Well, you fit that bill."

"Now I would love for you to fuck me. I want to feel that marvelous cock in my ass. Why don't you massage my ass and lubricate me."

As if in a trance he followed Chrissy's instructions and began to massage the magnificent ass. He worked the pretty blonde's ass just as he had any of the girls he had ever butt fucked. He lovingly massaged the shapely buttocks and lubricated the anus. Jack put one then two fingers in Chrissy's ass and finger fucked him for several minutes. He was lost in the moment and did not even think it was a gay ass. It was just a beautiful bottom and one he was about to fuck.

"I'm ready for you Jack. I'm ready for you to put your big dick in me. Go slow and make this last a long time."

Staring the entire time at the beautiful curvy ass, Jack got up on the bed and lowered his body onto the effeminate blonde. Jack held his erect cock in his hand and guided it to the taut rubbery ring. Chrissy held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up his anus and stretched the sphincter. Jack was thoughtful and gentle as he slowly penetrated a guy's ass for the first time in his life. Chrissy's ass opened up and welcomed the big cock into the warm snug passage. Jack held still and let Chrissy position himself. Once he was satisfied that Chrissy had loosened up he began to fuck him with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together as if they had done before. Of course, Chrissy was used to being a bottom and Jack loved anal sex. Chrissy rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the bed. That move accentuated the round shape of his shapely ass. Jack loved the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. He always liked the girls in a doggy style position but he found that he liked the way the smooth body felt under him. Chrissy groaned repeatedly each time Jack buried his cock in the snug gripping channel.

Every time he drove his cock into the sweet bottom, Chrissy lifted his hips to receive the cock deep in his ass. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Jack wrapped his arms around Chrissy's upper body. Their bodies pressed together and Jack felt just like he was in the ass of a beautiful young woman. He never expected that fucking a guy would be so enjoyable and so erotic. Jack was so wrapped up fucking the hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning he shot another massive load, this time into Chrissy's gripping clenching rectum.

Chrissy groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Jack moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated into the gorgeous blonde until he was nearly drained. Jack pressed his body into the slender body and remained still as Chrissy clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around the thick shaft. He was still hard when he removed his cock from well fucked ass and got off the bed. Chrissy turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. Jack watched him jerk off. 

Chrissy saw that Jack was still hard and spoke softly, "Put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum."

He moved back to the blonde who lifted his legs to receive the cock again. Jack eased his cock back into the well lubed passage and began to fuck him again. Chrissy stroked his cock as Jack fucked him and he was pleased that he was still hard after cumming twice. Jack watched as Chrissy closed his eyes and he felt the sphincter tighten around his cock again, this time as Chrissy ejaculated. The load shot out in four or five streams and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. They were silent for several minutes but before Jack could think too much about what had just happened, Chrissy spoke. 

"So how was it? Did you like it?"

"I did. It's still so weird though, that I could enjoy it so much."

"I think that you liked fucking me."

"I did at the time but now it's a little embarrassing."

"That's understandable; I'm your first gay right?"

"Right."

"Let's rest a few minutes and then I want you to fuck me again before we go to sleep. Can I have a drink from the mini-bar?"

"Of course."

They both got drinks and sat up on bed naked. It was nearly 20 minutes later when Chrissy began to play with Jack's cock. The soft delicate hand felt wonderful on the thick meat and Jack got hard again. He didn't know if he could cum again so soon but he was anxious to fuck the lovely blonde ass again. Soon he was buried balls deep again in the blonde's tight ass. Chrissy was flattened on the bed face down as Jack drove his impressive cock deep into the bowels of his first gay lover. The powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled the bottom. His thick cock drove into the sweet ass and then retreated until only the head remained. Chrissy felt the powerful shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing him to cry out.

"Oh man your cock is so big in my ass, so deep. Cum in me like the last time, I want to feel you shooting in my ass. This is the best ever."

Jack continued to fuck the shapely firm ass driving his cock into the warm recess. He finally sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in the hot receptive ass. He felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a surge of semen into the shapely bottom underneath him. He felt the sphincter muscle tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of juice out of it. He stayed hard and he continued to slowly fuck Chrissy's ass as the semen coated his shaft. 

"You're crushing me, if you are going to keep fucking my ass let's roll on our sides."

Jack rolled to his side keeping his cock in the blonde's ass as he pulled Chrissy with him. His hands wrapped around and caressed the delicate smooth body. He gently pinched Chrissy's nipples much as he would with a girl and kept fucking him until Chrissy came. Chrissy ejaculated and his cum shot passed his face and hit the headboard of bed. The second volley hit him in the face and neck. The two of them rested on their sides as Jack's cock slowly deflated and slipped from the curvy bottom. By the time Jack was ready to move to the other bed, the semen had dried on Chrissy's body.

They were both dead tired and sexually sated and fell asleep quickly. Jack woke up in the middle of the night to pee. When he passed the other bed, he could see that the lovely blonde was sleeping on his belly again with his curvy ass on display. Jack took his piss and returned to bed. He lay there thinking that he enjoyed having Chrissy as a bottom. Jack dozed off thinking about fucking Chrissy again the first thing in the morning.

SETTLING IN

After his brief encounter with Chrissy, Jack checked into a different hotel. Hs apartment would be ready in a week and he would move in. He had learned a couple of things, where the prominently gay section of the city was located and that it had not been that bad having sex with a pretty gay. He was sure that he could do it again with the right person or twink as Chrissy had called himself. 

Weeks passed and Jack made some changes in the staff he inherited. He had dated several young women and slept with a number of them. One evened liked anal sex, in fact she preferred it to vaginal sex. He slept with her frequently even though she was not into oral sex, she was great fuck. At 26 years of age, he was a stud and a chick magnet. However too many of them were looking for longer term relationships.

After a year he had things running smoothly at work and he was ready for a vacation. He liked to ski and SCUBA dive and had to decide which to do that year. He could ski locally within a couple of hours so he opted to wait until spring and go on a dive trip. The diving was great but there was very little action on the island at the time. Ironically, he met another cute gay young man and hooked up with him for a couple of nights. He reminded Jack of Chrissy as he was young, slender and effeminate. 

Cody was the gay's name and he had light brown hair that he wore long. He gave great head and had a sweet ass. Jack even liked fucking him missionary style. He liked making Cody cum and seeing him shoot all over his chest. Jack then pulled out and shot his load on the pretty body. He proved to himself again that he could enjoy sex with a lovely gay young man.

Jack returned to work and to his heterosexual life style. The summer flew by and he was thinking about a ski vacation in the winter. He loved to ski in Colorado and both Vail and Aspen were loaded with chicks. As he was thinking about the trip, he got a call from Jonas, the data center manager.

"Jack, are you accepting programmer trainees?"

"I haven't given that a thought. I did hire some college grads last year."

"Well, I got this really capable guy and he is interested in getting into programming. Would you talk to him?"
