 It had been six months since Jack hired Michelle and things had gone extremely well. Michelle proved to be a quick learner and had become an excellent programmer. Even Paul and Bob had to admit that. At first, they were upset with Jack as they did not like the idea of a gay guy working in the department. However, Michelle kept to himself and worked hard.

Jack had saved enough money for a down payment on a condominium and purchased one. It was a two-bedroom, two-bath unit in a very nice complex. The until also had a large kitchen, great room, den and a patio. The complex had a large outdoor pool, jacuzzi and a fitness center. Jack had moved in a month ago and really liked it.

He and Sheila were still dating and she was planning to move in with Jack when her apartment lease was up in two months. They had agreed that she would pay the association fee and the utilities. Things were still good with her as she was a decent lover. Anal sex was still forbidden and she didn't let Jack cum in her mouth. He was okay with that mainly because he had Michelle's mouth and scrumptious ass anytime he was in the mood for it.

Being a flight attendant, Sheila would at times be gone for two or three days. When she was flying, Jack called on Michelle. He still had no trouble with his manhood being bisexual as he was still not interested in cock. At times when he was fucking Michelle he would give him a reach around and jerk him off. That was as far as he had ever gone and planned to go with the pretty twink.

On Friday, Jack had a late afternoon meeting with his boss. He returned to his own office at 6:00 PM and it was empty or so he thought. The staff never stayed much later than 5:30 but on Fridays they were out of there by 5:00. Jack was packing up to leave when he heard someone in a cubicle. It was Michelle who was still there.

"What are you still doing here?"

"I had this one thing that I wanted to finish up before I left. I was just about to call my mom for a ride. Her car is in the shop and she is using mine."

"I can give you a ride home."

"That would be great. Do you want to do anything before we leave?"

"Best not here right now, I saw the cleaning crew on their way here."

"Is Sheila flying?"

"Matter of fact she is."

"Want some company for a while?"

"You know, why not, she won't be back until Sunday."

"I'll call my mom and tell her I'll be late."

"Tell her that you are staying over at a friend's place."

"Really?"

"Sure, yeah, we'll have some fun tonight."

Michelle excitedly called his mother and let her know he would not be home that night. He rode with Jack to the condo and they picked up some Chinese take-out on the way. It was close to 8:00 PM when they were done eating and ready for sex. Michelle was thrilled because he loved to be completely naked with Jack. They went to the bedroom and removed their clothes. Michelle lay face down in the bed and Jack massaged the lovely ass.

He squirted some lotion on Michelle's buttocks and then rubbed it in. He was hard immediately but he was patient and took his time massaging the lovely bottom. Jack let his hands and fingers roam all over the incredible hillocks. Grabbing the buttocks in his hands, he penetrated the rubbery edges of the anus with a forefinger on each hand. He took the anal gel and made sure that Michelle was well lubed. 

Jack coated his throbbing thick cock with the lube and knelt on the bed behind Michelle. He pushed his cockhead against the snug anus and it resisted him again as always was the case at first. However, he kept pressing into the backdoor until the elastic ring yielded, dilated and allowed the hardness to slip inside. They both gasped aloud as Jack slowly penetrated the tight slippery orifice, his cockhead disappeared into the warm butthole as if it was sucked in by the hungry rectum. 

"Oh jeez, you still feel big, oh my God!" 

It had been a week since that big dick was buried in the sweet ass and it felt like it was the first time all over again. Michelle pushed back as if he was trying to poop making it easier for the cock to enter the snug channel. Grabbing the lube and squirting more right onto his dick, Jack started feeding more of his shaft into the tight ass. He went in slowly adding more lube as he pushed himself further and further into the taut rectum. By the time he had managed to bury his entire length inside the cock gripping passage, Jack was on the verge of cumming. 

"Damn this is going to be a quick one. I'm going to cum in your tight beautiful ass, here it cums, ah!" 

With one powerful thrust, Jack buried his cock balls-deep inside Michelle's amazing ass and came like a fire hose spewing semen deep into the bowels of the effeminate twink. The huge pulsating cock shot rope after rope of creamy sperm filling the anal tunnel with a massive load. The contractions of the rectum increased Jack's pleasure as Michelle milked his entire pole within his clenching sphincter. Only after Jack was done pumping his ass full of cum did Michelle's slender frame finally stop writhing in delight. Knowing that Jack would stay hard, Michelle whispered as if there were others in the condo

"Let me roll over and fuck me again until I cum."

Jack eased his still erect cock from the warm chamber and he was sure that he heard a popping sound when it cleared the sphincter. Michelle quickly rolled to his back and lifted his legs toward his chest. Jack looked at the pretty gay young man and except for his 6" boner he looked like a sweet girl ready to be fucked. Jack re-entered the receptive passage and the tightness of Michelle's ass was exquisite. The velvety warmth of his anal walls once again snugly enveloped the huge boner. He savored the delicious pressure of the spongy rectum holding firmly onto his dick keeping his throbbing shaft cozily trapped in the anal depths.

Michelle took a hold of his cock and stroked it rapidly in search of his own release. Jack loved the sensual body although he much preferred to be watching the shapely ass. He watched his cock slide in and out of the curvy bottom and Michelle's stiff cock flop around on his abdomen. Jack really preferred fucking Michelle doggy style and watching the hot ass jiggle but he was okay fucking him this way.

"Jack, play with my cock again please, like the last time."

Jack cautiously took a hold of the erect cock and began to stroke it as he fucked Michelle. He really did not mind giving Michelle a hand job. 

"Oh Jack, I am so close."

Jack picked up the pace fucking the pretty twink and jerking on the smaller cock. Michelle's eyes were closed and his face distorted when he cried out. He suddenly started yelling out and thrashing as if he was having a fit. Jack rapidly stroked the cock as Michelle cried out. 

"Oh God, Jack, I'm cumming." 

Jack watched as five or six streams of semen shot out of the cock and landed on the pretty effeminate body. Michelle's anal orgasm was always the best ever with Jack. It felt like his whole body was cumming. Jack worked the cock as he watched cum dribble onto the slender body. Jack removed his cock from the snug passage and had to wrench it free from the clingy sphincter. His cock came out and once again he heard the distinct audible pop of the taut anus.

They had been at it for two hours and they were both ready for a rest. Michelle rolled to his side and Jack cuddled up behind him. If they weren't so drained, Jack would have fucked him again in the spoon position. However, they both dozed off quickly and hardly moved through the night.

SATURDAY AT THE CONDO

Jack slowly woke up on the next morning with a piss hard-on. If Sheila was in his bed he would have fucked her into oblivion. He got up and went to the bathroom to take his morning pee. When he was done he looked at Michelle in the bed. He had fucked that lovely ass so many times but he was still enamored with it. He got in bed and ran his hand over a shapely buttock. As he did, he felt his own cock stiffen. He gazed at the lovely bottom and began to caress the smooth globes. Jack stroked his cock as he fondled the irresistible bottom.

Michelle stirred as he started to wake up and he lifted his hips slightly off the mattress. Jack's impressive cock was rock hard and ready for action. He took the anal gel from the nightstand and massaged it into the flawless firm ass. Michelle cooed and raised his hips slightly as Jack worked on his ass. Straddling him, Jack let his stiff dick rest in the crack of the curvy ass as he continued to massage the marvelous globes. He covered his cock with gel and then slid it between the buttocks. Holding onto the two mounds he slid his cock between them for several minutes. 

Finally, unable to resist the desirable bottom any longer, he positioned his cock at the welcoming anus and pushed it in slowly. Michelle groaned as the impressive cock wormed its way in filling his chamber. He raised his hips off the bed accentuating the shape of his curvy ass and Jack drove in deeper. He kept his hands on either side of Michelle's body to keep his weight from crushing the effeminate beauty. In that position he could also watch his cock slide in and out of the shapely ass.

The two of them moved together as they had many times before that morning. He liked the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. Jack then relaxed his arms and let his body cover his lover. Normally he preferred his lover in the doggy style or spoon position but this time he liked the way Michelle felt under him. Michelle groaned repeatedly each time Jack buried his cock deep in the scrumptious ass beneath him.

Every time he drove his cock into the marvelous bottom, Michelle lifted his hips to receive the cock. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Jack wrapped his arms around the smooth hairless upper body. Their bodies pressed together as they made love and Jack felt just like he was in the ass of a woman. Jack was still thrilled that fucking a guy could be so enjoyable and so erotic. He was so wrapped up fucking the hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him and he shot a massive load into clenching rectum.

Michelle groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Jack moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated into the beautiful twink until he was nearly drained. He pressed his body into him and remained still as Michelle clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around the thick shaft. He was still hard when he removed his cock from the beautiful ass and sat back on his haunches. Michelle turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. Jack watched as his lover jerked off. 

"Put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum. You know how I like that."

He moved back to the lovely gay young man who lifted his legs to receive the still hard cock. He eased his cock back into the well lubed passage and began to fuck him again. Michelle rapidly stroked his cock as Jack fucked him. Jack watched as Michelle closed his eyes and then he felt the sphincter tighten around his cock as Michelle ejaculated. Four or five streams shot out and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. 

"Oh man it that ever the way to wake up in the morning," Michelle let out with a big sigh.

"Once I saw your ass again, I couldn't resist it."

"I'm glad. You know it's raining out, let's stay naked all day." 

"Yeah, it's a light morning rain. Let's get breakfast and then I'll fuck you again afterward."

They got up, cleaned up, put on some shorts and had a light breakfast. Then it was back to the bedroom. Jack wanted to fuck Michelle all morning. They quickly undressed and in seconds were both naked again. Michelle knelt on the side of the bed and wiggled his bottom at Jack inviting him to play with his lovely ass. 

Jack was rock hard and that morning his meaty 7+" dick looked obscenely big lined up with the tiny pink rosebud. Grabbing the buttocks in his hands, he pulled the rubbery edges of the sphincter apart with his thumbs. Using the gel, Jack made sure that his lover was well greased for action. He pushed his cockhead against the snug asshole that resisted him at first. However, he calmly persisted and nudged his thick tip against the taut pucker. He kept pressing into the backdoor until the elastic ring once again yielded, dilated and allowed the hardness to slip inside. They both gasped aloud as the shaft slowly penetrated the tight slippery orifice, the cockhead disappeared into the hungry anus. 

"Oh Jack, I can feel you sliding in me! Damn you feel big today, oh my God!" 

The cock suddenly felt impossibly huge as it opened up the delicate private gateway to his body. In spite of the intense pressure in his anus, Michelle had a boner. He took it in his hand and stroked it as the thick cock entered him. He stroked faster while he attempted to keep from cramping. It worked and his sphincter stopped clenching around the embedded muscle. Jack's patience and his gentle caresses on the sensuous ass soothed the pretty twink. The sense of naughty pleasure radiated from his dilated anus and his throbbing cock.

"Are you okay?" 

"Yeah, much better, I think you can give me more now. I'm ready for more cock, Jack, give it to me."

Grabbing the bottle and pouring more gel right over his dick, Jack started feeding more of his meat into the tight ass. He went in as slowly as possible, pressing into the anus with shallow gentle strokes and then stopping, waiting, adding more lube and finally retreating a bit before restarting that gradual anal penetration all over again. He pushed himself a little bit further into the taut rectum. It was odd for as many times as they had fucked, that Michelle felt so tight that morning.

Jack basked in the unique, irreplaceable sensation of fucking a beautiful ass. It was a glorious, indescribable feeling, one that he loved. Michelle was so tight that day he seemed like an anal virgin. That made Jack delirious with desire as he sank more and more of his massive shaft inside the marvelous ass. Jack knew he'd be eternally grateful for hiring this lovely gay man.

By the time he had managed to wedge his entire length inside the cock hugging rectum, he was on the verge of cumming. The look of the oily distended anus wrapped around the base of his dick and framed by those gorgeous splayed ass cheeks was incredibly erotic. However, it was nothing compared to the feel of being buried to the hilt inside the beautiful perfectly shaped ass. Not in his wildest imagination a year ago, would Jack have ever thought that fucking a gay ass would bring him so much pleasure. 

The tightness of Michelle's ass was exquisite. The slippery, velvety warmth of his anal walls snugly enveloped the aching boner from tip to base. As he enjoyed the clenching spasms of the snug anus, Jack gritted his teeth and tried his best not to cum too soon. He savored the delicious pressure of the spongy rectum holding firmly onto his dick, milking him and keeping his throbbing shaft cozily trapped in the anal depths. 

"Your ass feels incredible, absolutely incredible! "

"Jack, this is awesome to have your cock in my ass. You are so deep in me, so hard and big in my ass!"

"You're fantastic, Michelle! You can't believe how good you look with my big dick in your beautiful ass."

Just before Jack picked up the pace, Michelle instinctively wiggled his lovely bottom back against him. At first, he gently moved his dick stuffed ass but soon he began rocking rhythmically back and forth, butt fucking himself while Jack held still. He let Michelle follow his instincts and just watched as he worked his sweet round ass on the thick cock. The shapely effeminate frame shivered in delight as he sodomized himself with longer and deeper self-fucking strokes, Jack grabbed the gel and added more of the slick fluid to the portion of his boner that Michelle let glide out of his ass each time he rocked forward. 

"Jack, fuck my ass," Michelle panted, looking back at him with a look of desire on his beautiful face. "Really fuck my ass now, I need it!"

Jack let out a contented sigh and started moving inside the warm oily asshole. He sodomized him slowly, gently, savoring the heavenly tightness and losing himself in the spectacle of the dilated anus. Jack withdrew and then gradually pushed himself all the way back inside the smooth welcoming sheath of the gripping rectum. As Jack made love to the ass in a calm fluid rhythm, Michelle felt light-headed with pleasure and he could barely find the energy to moan out his cry of ecstasy. 

Michelle unable to speak and groaning incoherently, managed to make his wanton desires clear by pushing his round tush back onto the skewering shaft. Michelle urged him to cram his dick harder and faster into his slick anal tunnel. Jack grabbed the firm round bubble butt in his hands and began driving his stiff meat into the clingy anus with gusto. They butt fucked like animals, grunting and gasping together. Jack loved the rubbery grip that the snug rectum had on his shaft, and he was glad he had used so much lube. 

Michelle responded as Jack began ramming his pole into the gripping asshole with longer and faster thrusts. He was amazed by the way Michelle kept up with the vigorous rhythm, pushing his curvy bottom back to meet every lustful plunge. Jack picked up his pace even more and started to really pound the butthole, burying himself as deep as he could inside the steamy rectum each time. Michelle just moaned louder and slammed back more frantically, making his perfectly shaped tush slap against his lover's groin. Michelle stroked his erect cock ever more desperately as Jack reamed his surrendered ass. He yelped and whimpered in unrestrained pleasure, an indication how much he loved every passionate second of the butt stretching sodomy. 

Jack found it immensely erotic to see how aggressively Michelle was participating in their anal coupling, his clear appreciation of their ass fucking fueled Jack's ravenous desire that morning to mount the beautiful bottom again and again and again. As time flew by, the two new lovers got totally consumed by their shared anal lust. Michelle suddenly started yelling out and thrashing about. He rapidly stroked his cock and cried out as he spewed semen all over the bed covers. 

"Oh God, Jack, I'm cumming." 

Looking over Michelle's shoulder, Jack watched as five or six streams of semen shot out of his lover's cock. The sphincter clamped firmly around him and the taut rectum milked his cock in deep suctioning squeezes, Jack fought to ride out his monumental climax bucking his hips harder to keep driving his pole in and out of the contracting snug anus. He grabbed onto the round buttocks and jammed himself forcefully inside the incredible ass over and over again. He was desperate to cum. 

Lost in his mind-blowing orgasm, Michelle was so far gone that he couldn't even hold himself up on his knees. His legs buckled as Jack pillaged his twitching chamber, butt fucking him with all he had. When Michelle fell forward, Jack went down with him. Holding onto his curvy rump, he plowed the enveloping anus with abandon, pressing himself onto the sweat slick back. Spreading his legs wide as he lay on his belly was all Michelle could do while the huge cock glided in and out of his clenching rectum at a furious pace. 

Lying on top of the beautiful body, pumping his raging boner wildly into the tight slippery rectum as he rushed to his climax, Jack went rigid and unleashed a savage flurry of butt drilling strokes. As his balls drew up and his cock started to flex erratically in the depths of the marvelous ass, he rested his head in the hollow of Michelle's shoulder and nuzzled his neck. Nearing what he knew would be a massive ejaculation, he whispered into Michelle's ear. 
