 Deep down I guess I knew that he would wank me. After all he would not have advertised it as a man to man erotic massage if he was not going to would he? That said everything seemed above board and normal at first. Not just normal, but spotlessly clean and not at all sordid or wanton and that was nice.

The house was in a leafy part of Walthamstow in north east London. It was in an area called Walthamstow Village, though how a village can really be in an inner city I am not sure, but then there is the Greenwich one isn't there?

I had phoned earlier in the day and Mike had told me that I could have an appointment at two for up to two hours or any time in the evening. As Kelly, my wife, was home that evening and had told me she was going to cook dinner, I chose the afternoon slot. Cooking dinner was a something she did occasionally when she was not away from home with her training company. She was away far too much for a marriage to be successful and not creak and groan with extra marital activity. I suspected she had such activity and I knew I did. That said we got on well, especially sexually and cooking dinner was a euphemism for an evening in with food and wine and a long fuck. Hence, it had to be the afternoon.

Mike opened the door wearing a grey track suit. He ushered me in and we stood in the hallway of the small, terraced house that was probably built in the twenties when Walthamstow and other such areas were main commuting locations for London. 

"Hi James, how are you?"

"Fine thanks Mike," I replied feeling hellishly nervous.

He was a little younger than me probably early forties, but was quite good looking with what looked to be a toned, slim body. He was quite smiley and friendly and immediately made me feel comfortable.

"The studio is upstairs," he said rather confusing me?

"Studio?"

"Yes that is what I call my massage emporium," he smiled. "Come on follow me."

I followed him up the narrow stairs my heart beating faster by the moment. He led me into what would have been the front bedroom. It was neat and tidy with a massage table in the middle, a dressing table along one wall with towels and bowls and bottles on it. There was a sink, a couple of easy chairs, a trouser press and along another wall, rather interestingly there was a bed covered with a pink duvet. 

"Like to shower first?" He asked.

"Yes that would be great."

"Ok that's in here," he said leading me next door. "There's gell and soap in the shower and there's plenty of towels," he went on pointing to a pile of clean, white towels piled up on a stool. Again I was impressed by how clean everything was and how matter of fact he was. "Undress in the studio, have your shower then pop back in there," he said adding. "I will hear when you are finished and I'll come back upstairs."

I went in the studio and undressed. My cock was tingling and I could feel the start of an erection as I walked to the bathroom. I showered making sure I avoided touching my genitals too much as I would have been so embarrassed to have a hard on before he even started the massage. The thought of that, though, was encouraging stirrings down there and I knew that I would need little encouragement.

Returning to the studio I was surprised to see that he had drawn the thick drapes and the room was lit just by a few aromatic candles. There was some haunting violin music playing. I had wrapped a towel round me for the short trip to the studio so I kept that on and leaned against the table waiting for Mike. He was there quickly. I sort of gulped when I saw that he had removed his track top and was wearing a singlet like athletes wear. His arms and shoulders were nicely tanned.

"Hi," he said. "Nice shower?"

"Yes good thanks."

"Ok pop yourself on the table and we'll get going."

Turning towards the table I removed the towel.

"On your front first please James," he told me as he walked round the table towards the dressing table. As he did he looked at me and must have seen that I was half erect. Now that the atmosphere had become more intimate I did not feel particularly embarrassed as I clambered onto the table and laid on my front. There was a hole for my face to poke through.

I felt the warm oil being poured onto my back and then the nice feeling of his hands smoothing it in and then starting to massage me. It was quite firm and business-like and felt very much like the straight massages I had experienced in the past. 'Could I have got it wrong' I asked myself a couple of times? The mere fact of me being naked and uncovered with Mike wearing a singlet suggested that I had not got it wrong, but the massage suggested I may have.

There were similar feelings when he did my legs. He pulled them apart a little way giving me encouragement that it was to enable him to get to my 'equipment' more easily, but it was not for that reason. It was so that he could massage both my calf and upper leg muscles easier and, as it turned out, deeper and firmer. That took probably ten more minutes so he had now been massaging me for around twenty and with the undressing and shower I had been there for about thirty minutes; I had booked for an hour.

Without warning his hands left me and I felt rather than saw him move to the foot of the table. I felt him place his hands on each of my ankles. Then, with far less pressure than previously he moved them upwards very slowly. They went over my calf muscles, across the back of my knees, up the larger muscles and onto both cheeks of my bum. He squeezed that before retracing the route downwards. He repeated that several times each time seemingly using less pressure until it was almost a caress. Also, each time as his hands slid up my thighs they went nearer to my balls and as they ran over my cheeks so they went nearer to the crease. 

I was now convinced it was the sort of 'happy ending' massage I had hoped for and I was willing him to go further. My cock hardened very rapidly and I had to bend and raise my left knee up the table to provide more room for the swelling. As his hands completed yet another sweep upwards his left one ran onto my waist and stayed there a moment or two. He slowly moved that sideways down to the front of my leg, by my hip, which had risen from the bed. His fingers slid inside the gap and touched my stomach so very near to my cock. I was so hoping that he would grip it that a low grunt escaped from my mouth. But he didn't and they slid back down my legs, rested on my ankles and then started their journey back up them again. 

This time, though, one did not veer to the side to slide up the cheeks of my bum, but wonderfully kept going straight right onto my balls. He stroked them briefly before sending me almost through the roof by running the tips of his fingers across my perineum and into and along the crease. They slipped across my anus almost to the base of my spine, before slipping back into that sensitive crevice and onto my hole. He pressed on it rather tentatively as if asking my permission to proceed. I simply sighed and loved his reaction for he pressed harder and it went up me a little way. It did not go far, probably not even to the first knuckle, but the sensation was immense. Holding his finger like that he ran his other hand over my cheek, into the hollow between the table and my hip and right onto my cock. I gasped, moaned and groaned it felt so wonderful. He rubbed my dick sending spasm after spasm of such sensationally sexy surges of pleasure through me. I squirmed on the table and lifted my hip further away from it to give him more room. I wanted him to masturbate me, jack me off and wank me. But of course he did not do that. He was the pro and knew that if he continued the ending would not only be happy, but also would be sudden and probably final. So he moved it away and said.

"Maybe time to turn over James?"

I rolled ono my back. He ran his gaze up and down my body focusing on my erection that felt so hard; it was as if it was pulsating. All my inhibitions had now gone. I loved laying there bare and rampant, I loved flaunting both my nudity and my cock at him, I loved his gaze on me and I loved it even more when he placed his fingers on my dick and said.

"Mmmmm James very nice indeed."

"Thanks Mike," I grinned back feeling pleased at his compliment. 

He went to the dressing table and got another bottle of oil.

"Warm almond oil James, I buy it especially for this," he said pouring some of it onto my cock. It felt nice. He spread that oil out over my stomach and then poured some onto my thighs that he caressed making me jerk with pleasure. "Ok James?"

"Oh yes," I groaned as he started to rub my cock with one hand and cup and stroke my balls with the other. It really was bloody fantastic and I was continually squirming my body and arching my back trying to gain every last bit of pleasure and excitement from what he was doing.

But of course I wanted more, I needed more and I had to have more. I opened my eyes and looked up at him. He was staring at his hands and my cock. He had a small smile on his face. I knew what I wanted to do, but had no idea whether it was allowed. It was allowed in massage places where there are women masseuses so I guessed it would be here. But I was not sure so slowly I lifted my hand and placed on the bulge in his track pants.

"This ok Mike?" I asked rubbing it.

"Yes James, it's very ok," he replied adding. "But hold on a moment."

He then amazed me by moving backwards and almost in one movement removing his pants. He stood there in just an athlete's jock strap. Coming back alongside me he said

"How's that James?"

"It looks lovely," I replied taking hold of the elastic waist band and pulling it down. Although rather disappointingly only half hard he had a lovely thick cock. Probably not much longer than my nearly seven inches it was much, much thicker and looked truly awesome.

He started rubbing me again and I knew that we were on the last lap. 

I was also rubbing him and sending flashes of arousal through myself as my hand enjoyed the warm, throbbing hardness of his cock that I thought was starting to grow.

"Enjoying it James."

"Fuck yes," I replied rubbing him harder as I saw that it really was growing. That made me feel great.

"I am going to make you come so hard, you are going to explode. Lift your knees up."

"What?"

He put his arm under my knees. Pull your feet up and open these."

I did as he asked and lay there with my legs bent at the knee and wide open as I rubbed his gorgeous cock.

He was slowly wanking me with one hand whilst he was caressing all round my stomach and thighs with the other. Slowly, though, that other one focused on my perineum and then on the crease between my cheeks. He was rubbing the aromatic warm oil into my skin as his finger came closer and closer to my hole. Looking down at me and staring right into my eyes he pressed right on it. He saw that obviously I did not mind and then holding my gaze he slowly pushed his finger up me. This time he did not stop. This time he kept going. This time it went past the first knuckle. This time it went up to the second knuckle. 

"Nice James?" He asked holding it rigid deep inside me.

"Wonderful," I groaned desperately, almost lifting myself up and pulling his cock towards my face. "This ok?" I asked bringing it to my lips.

"Great," he replied pushing it forward so it slipped inside my mouth. "Don't worry James, I won't cum."

"Oh shame," I grunted pushing the thick flesh in and out of my mouth a few times.

"Well not in there at least," he went on as with a rush of pleasure I realised that he was now fully hard. "And well done James, I often don't get fully hard," he went on starting gently to fuck my face.

At the same time as I was getting fantastic sensations from his cock in my mouth I was also getting more from where he was wanking me and, of course from his finger being up my arse. My entire body seemed to be alive with sexual pleasure and I knew that I would not last much longer. Needing to get my breath I took him out of my mouth and rubbed his dick over my face. I kissed and licked him, it was lovely, but that also was taking me nearer to exploding.

He never rubbed me hard or fast, but with a steady rhythm he sort of almost shook my cock; it was a bit like a vibrator and was certainly hugely effective.

"Oh fuck," oh yes I groaned as I felt it all building up. He obviously felt it as well for he pushed his finger even further up my arse and presumably touched my prostate for the sensation was amazing and I immediately started to ejaculate.

"Oh yes baby, yes," he said as he felt the tremors in my cock. "Come on cum for Mike," he continued still vibrating my dick. And cum I did. Stream after stream of thick gooey sperm shot out of my cock onto his hand and over my stomach with a couple of spurts shooting ell up my chest to between my nipples. He held his finger rigid in my arse while I shot my load and that added masses to my pleasure and to my massive orgasm.

He didn't cum and explained later that he rarely did, but added.

"If you want the de-luxe package one day James, then I will."