 This story starts out true enough from a older guy that missed the boat. I am 52 years old and have found the wonders of the power of cock. It started early enough watching in the boys room at school scared to death with what was going on in my mind and simply couldn't figure it out. I adored watching the boys my age pissing although I couldn't figure out why. At about the age of 13 I figured out what it was. Some years later, at about 45 my wife and I were playing true confessions after getting drunk. She finally got me to the point where I wasn't exactly aware of what I was saying.

The next morning she was telling me everything that was said but for some reason I only remembered bits and pieces from the night before. I think she was seeing if I would blush. She asked me if I was serious about what i had said and I told her I was; that I had always dreamed about doing just that. She pushed me a little further and I thought what the hell, go for broke! I proceeded to tell her that I wished to be a cum slut for 4 or 5 guys and have them use me as they wanted as long as no hard pain was involved. 

Also, I wanted her to be there. She thought at first I was a nut and then she said that as much as I loved her fucking me with her dildo she could understand where I was coming from. She also said she liked the idea of watching me getting it from both ends. Finally she gave me 2 days to hunt out what I was looking for. 

Well, I tried gay bars. Not that good, I was 45 not 25. So the pickings were not that great for willing people. I went online and found one guy close to my age and we hit it off rather well. David and I talked online for 2 to 3 weeks and finally decided to meet at a restaurant to talk and see if we were what each other were looking for. After enjoying several hours of dinner conversation we decided a hotel room was in order. 

David left in his car and I followed, sweating bullets and with a funny feeling in my balls that something good was going to happen. I was so nervous that I couldn't remember my name at the check-in so I faked a coughing attack to hide although I was certain the clerk wasn't buying it. 

I took a room with a hot tub so we, mostly me, could relax - HOPEFULLY! David walked into the room and on his way to get the tub ready told me to relax and get naked. When he returned from the bathroom he was already naked and he had a marvelous body, that I just couldn't keep my eyes off of. Even in its flaccid state his cock was beautiful and my mouth was watering.

Gone was the fear, gone was the embarrassment of my aging body. David and I climbed into the tub and just relaxed in the hot water. We were enjoying just looking at each other when he leaned over and gently kissed me on the lips. I had never kissed a man before and it was sure different from a woman.

I confess I enjoyed it as much as I returned the kiss and I found my hand easing its way to his already semi-erect cock. David started playing with my nipples, something I truly love and my cock sprang straight up. After the kiss David asked me what I wished to do and I told him that I really wanted to suck him and do my dead level best to give the best head he ever had. He told me that was ok with him but he wanted to stay in the tub a while and play and talk. 

I asked David what he wanted and he relayed to me that he wished to suck my cock also. We climbed out of the tub and began to fondle and dry each other. As I was drying him I kissed the head of his cock and he held my head so gently there as I went down further to sucked his balls. 

David and I headed to the bed. As he lay down I got on my knees and played with his cock for a second and marveled at its 8-inch length. I knew it I was in heaven. So smooth and so hard I just wanted to swallow it all. I took in as much as I could into my mouth then felt the tears in my eyes as I realised this was every thing I thought it could be.

David wasn't to be denied as he slid me up on the bed and started to 69 with me. My 6 incher was engulfed in his mouth and he seemed as happy as I was, maybe even more so. Now the wife gives excellent head but, my god, having another man down on my cock as I was his, was incredible.

Neither of us wanted to cum and we lovingly sucked each other for a good 45 minutes. We both wanted to explode but first we wanted to drive each other crazy. And we were doing a pretty good job at it. We hugged each other for a while and he started to play with my cock again as I did his. I think he sensed something I was wishing for, by the look in his eyes. He started to play with my ass and tickling my balls. I felt a low moan come my throat. David looked at me and asked if I wanted him to fuck me. 

I almost screamed "God yes, please!!!" David got out the lube and lubed my man pussy well. I got on all fours and spread my cheeks and I was once again in heaven. I was finally going to get what I had dreamed of for ages. I hadn't really talked with him about my man pussy other than I liked anal play. David thought he was getting a broke in model, though I didn't tell him because I wanted to experience all that man love had to offer. 

David slowly entered my ass. There was a little pain but not much as I knew to relax and wanted it so badly. I could have sworn I saw sparks flying as he entered me. God that felt so good. I never wanted him to leave that hole that I was so willing to give him. In that instant I knew I would always have a special place in my heart for him, the first to take my male virgin ass. I felt so good my whole body was tingling from his powerful thrusts and I was hoping that this feeling could last forever. I do remember almost begging him to "Fuck me, Fuck me Don't stop it feels so good!" 

It wasn't long before I felt his cock swell and I felt the warmest cum filling my man pussy. It had to be at least 6 to 7 squirts. 

That was wonderful. Now I know what a woman feels when she is well into her lover .All I could do was moan and thank him for his load. As I lay there with him I hugged him tightly as I really didn't want to let go. My ass felt really empty as if his cock was suppose to never leave the warm confines of a virgin ass. 

After resting a few minutes I finally told him he just had a virgin. He started to apologize as I stopped him and told him that was exactly what I had dreamed of.