 It was a great marina but the piers were ungodly long. The boat I was looking for was a forty-three foot sport fisherman and the dock master told me I would find it at the end of this pier. I had met the owner on line and he was halfway expecting me to come and visit him today. He had told me he had been having some dreams of having a gay experience and was interested in trying it out. I told him I had a cock that was just begging to get sucked and he thought he could take care of it for me. Who knew where this would lead. 

The boat appeared to be well maintained from what I could see on the dock and the sliding glass doors from the cockpit and the main cabin were closed but I could hear an air-conditioner running so I knew there was someone aboard. I stepped aboard as quietly as I could and slid the door open and stepped inside.

"Who the hell are you and what are you doing on my boat?"

"I'm Mac and you and I have been chatting online for the last three weeks." I answered.

"Oh shit. I never thought you were for real and thought you were just bullshitting me."

"Nope, you told me you wanted to suck a cock for the first time and you will remember I volunteered to let you start on mine." 

Jimmy appeared to be exactly as he had represented himself; early forties, thin and around five foot eight or so. He was a nice looking guy with wavy blond hair and a very light complexion.

"Hey, this is a great looking boat. Have you had it long?" I asked.

His chest came out with my compliment of the love of his life as he replied, "Oh, yes I bought it new a few years ago and love everything about it."

A forty-three foot sport fisherman would cost in the neighborhood of seven hundred to eight hundred thousand. This guy had some serious money.

I could see he was giving me a close once over and his eyes never left the area of my crotch for very long.

"Well, what do you say we get down to the business I came her for?" I suggested.

Jimmy was sitting watching a football game on the TV and I walked over to him and sat alongside of him. My cock was completely out but it hadn't gotten the least bit hard yet. I don't have one of the AOL monster cocks we have all read about but I do have a solid 8 ½ inches and I'm quite thick from the head to the base.

"Jim, put your hand here and just stroke me a little while you are getting into the mood."

"Geez, you don't waste any time do you?" he muttered. I was stroking myself lightly and it didn't take long before I was harder than steel.

"Holy shit, you have one huge cock." 

"It'll get even a little larger as you wrap your lovely lips around it." I said as reached my hand around the back of his head and pulled his mouth closer to the head of it. 

"Hold everything. I want to make sure this place is locked up tight before I do anything. I don't want anyone popping in during the middle of the action." He exclaimed

With that he got up and went over to the sliding door and flipped the latch locking us in.

"Hey great Jimmy. I'm going to drop my pants and skivvies to let you get real up tight and close to me." As I was saying this I stood and dropped my things on the floor and then used a foot to push it over away from us. 

He turned and saw me standing there with my cock out in a full hard on and my balls hanging free. His eyes were bulging.

"How often do you have guys do this for you?" He asked.

"Oh not very often but you sounded so sincere and hot I couldn't wait to get it buried in your mouth." 

I reached out and took his hand and led him back to the sofa. When the backs of my legs came up against the cushions I put my hands on his shoulders and pushed down giving him the clear indication I wanted him kneeling before me.

As he dropped to his knees I sat down and soon had him on his knees between my legs staring at my cock.

It was as if he couldn't control himself. His hands went out to me and soon had one wrapped around my shaft with the other gently caressing my balls.

"Are you going to come in my mouth." He asked.

"I'm not sure yet Jimmy. Let's see how it goes but I'll tell you this that it will make me a lot happier if I can just let my juices fly without having to worry about pulling out at the last minute or so."

"As I told you I never did anything like this before but I have had my wife suck me off a couple of times. She doesn't like to do it but it sure makes me feel good."

"Look Jimmy, why don't you drop your own pants and jack yourself off while you are sucking on me. Maybe you can get me to come at the same time as you."

"I will as long as you don't laugh when you see my cock."

When he let himself out I could see why he made that request. His cock was already hard and it didn't look as if it was much more than four inches and it wasn't any thicker than a hot dog.

"No problem Jim."

While he was saying all of this I had pulled his face into position so that the head of my cock was lined up directly with his mouth. I pulled him to it and his lips parted as I pushed my way past his lips. He had them wrapped around it while his hand was holding my shaft tightly.

"Let me in more Jim. You are holding me out too far."

He let his mouth open a little more and I thrust up and pulled his head down with my hand and soon had at least four inches buried.

"Oh yes, Jimmy. Do me deep and faster."

He soon had his head bobbing away and I looked down and could see he had his own cock grasped between a couple of his fingers and was pounding away on it fast and furious. I moved my other hand around to the back of his head so that I had both of mine clasped behind his neck and was pulling him ever further onto my shaft. I stopped the pressure when I had about five inches in his mouth during his down strokes. He was just starting to gag so I knew I had reached the limit. It wasn't going to take long the way this was going before I was going to fill his mouth.

I felt the pressure start deep inside of me as it worked its way upward and I clasped his head with my hands knowing full well I was going to come in his mouth. It didn't take another few seconds and I was shooting a hot stream with every pulse of my sphincter muscles. He started to gag so I pulled out an inch or so but kept right on shooting deep down his throat. A weird sound was coming out of him and I looked down and could see the white stream coming out of his prick. It only lasted a few seconds but he kept jacking away making sure he got ever drop. 

He let his mouth stay right where it was as my cock softened. In fact he let a little more in as I lost my hard on and he had his face lying against my upper thighs with my cock still in his mouth and his hand milking every drop he could get out of me.

He finally moved off of me asking, " Did I do it the way you liked Mac?"

"Jimmy you are a prince. I can't ever remember getting a better blow job."

"I never knew I was going to enjoy doing it as much as I did. I have been wanting to try doing it for some time but never had the nerve."

"Jim, I think we have found the perfect partners. You love sucking my cock and I love having you do it. We'll have to get together on a regular basis."

We sat around the main cabin of his boat having a beer and watching some TV when he asked if I would like him to put a porn tape in the VCR player.

It was obvious where he had learned his cock sucking technique. The first fifteen minutes of the tape were of two guys locked in a sixty-nine embrace. About the time the actors were shooting their loads I pointed down at my cock and Jim looked over to see me hard as a rod again.

I never had to say a word. He was on his knees between my legs before I had a chance to say a word. He not only gives great head but he seems to really enjoy doing it.

Our get togethers on the boat turned into a weekly occurrence. Most of the time we never left the dock with the boat but there were occasions when we cast off and went offshore for our fun. The first time we did that I told him I wanted to take over the helm and have him get on his knees between the front of the Captains chair and the dashboard. He squeezed in there and I filled his mouth with white-hot come before we went more than a couple of more miles. 

It got to the point where he was jacking his dick even faster than he was bobbing on my cock. As I said, it is so small he can barely get a couple of fingers around it and when he lets go there isn't a whole lot that comes out of him but it pleases him and that is the main thing. I did spend a bunch of time wondering how his wife got any pleasure out of sex with him and finally asked. He blushed a lot before admitting that he used a dildo on her almost a hundred percent of the time. Hmmm, maybe she would be a good candidate for an 8 ½ inch hot pulsing cock ... mine.

A few months after we started I was getting the desire to fuck his ass but knew I would have to work my way around to it so the next time we were going at it at the dock I told him to stop and lay face down on the sofa. His eyes got as large as dinner plates as he asked why. I told him I wanted to slip my cock between his legs as if I was fucking him and just fuck that way without ever going in him. We did and he seemed to enjoy it. Especially when I reached around under him and fondled his cock. That turned him on big time. He forgot to put anything under him and I was soon covering the sofa under him with stream after stream of my love juices. What a mess! He knew he was going to have to take the cushions to a dry cleaner to get them cleaned.

The make- believe fucking went on for a few months before I knew it was time to go in for the kill. I was going to fuck his tight little ass.

One Saturday afternoon I arrived at the usual time with a tube of KW jelly in my jeans. I had my jeans down almost before the cabin door was sliding shut behind me.

"Wow, you are hot. Hold on and I'll be right with you."

He soon was naked and I told him to lay on the sofa. I didn't want a blow- job right then. He got a few large beach towels and covered everything below him. As he was doing that I got the KY out and was covering my cock with it. When he lay down I slipped behind him and reached under to once again fondle his cock. Hell, I thought he was going to come right then. This time rather than slide my cock between his legs I stopped when the head of it was right at his puckered asshole. He let out a little gulp and asked why I was stopping.

"Jim, today is the day I am going to slip the head of my cock inside of your ass. I have greased it up so it won't hurt very much if you will completely relax."

"Oh Mac, you told me a long time ago you would never hurt me like that."

"Well, that was a long time ago and I really want some of your tender ass now. I don't want to have to go elsewhere and get it from another guy or would you rather I did?"

"Oh God no. I want you all to myself."

"Well, Jimmy boy. Just relax."

His asshole retreated from the head of my cock as it felt the intruder pressing against it. I held his hips to keep my cock against him and continued with the pressure. All of a sudden the head popped in and he could be heard screaming at the head of the dock as the pain hit him.

"Shut the fuck up. Do you want the police in here?" as I pushed his face down on the sofa cushion.

I stayed right where I was and then let his head up. "Mac, that hurts terribly. I can't go through with it."

"Sure you can. Just lay there quietly and relax. Keep the tension out of your sphincter muscles and I'll slip in a little more and then I'll just fuck you with that much in you. OK?"

"OK, but go easy."

I put on a little more pressure and had about four inches in him when he started to moan a lot with the pain.

"Relax Jimmy. That's as far in you as I am going. I'll rest a bit before starting to fuck you."

We lay like that for a few minutes and then I began a slow thrusting motion. I would come almost all the way out of him until his sphincter was gripping the head of my cock and then slide back in. On one of the times out I reached over and grabbed the KY and smeared a bunch more on my shaft as I slid back in. It seemed to help. After a few more thrusts I had gotten another inch or so in and he wasn't complaining.

"Oh Jim, you are making me feel fantastic."

"Mac, I'm so glad. It isn't hurting too much now so if you will just keep taking it easy I think we will be OK."

As he was saying that I pushed a little more and looked down and could see I only had about another inch still to get in him. I kept up the thrusting and reaching around and fondling his cock for another few minutes before I rammed the rest of it in to the hilt. He gasped but before he could say anything I started a fast fondling of his wienie and it was pulsing as he shot his load on the towels. 

"Oh Mac, I just came."

"I know lover boy. Now throw your ass back at me so I can fuck your asspussy until I do too."

I now was holding his hips with each hand and pulling him back to me I was driving my cock into the hilt with each thrust and could feel my balls slap against his. It was only a few minutes more and I was shooting stream after stream deep inside of him.

"Mac, I can feel you coming inside of me. It feels wonderful." 

"Good, I'm glad you like it because I am going to fuck your ass every time we get together from now on. I'll let you suck me off first and then I'll open your ass up with my cock. Do you understand bitch?"

"Oh yes Mac, and I love it when you talk to me like that. Is there anything else I can do to please you?"

"I'll think about it." I answered. "Here is something I have thought of. You have so damn much money and I have a car that is on its last legs, you ought to feel bad about all the trouble I have with it and get me another one."

"That's easy. Tell me what you like and I'll see," he responded

"Well, a nice fire red Mustang would be perfect." 

We saw each other a couple of time for the next week or so and the last time he was waiting for me in the parking lot. He told me to jump in his car and ride along as he went to get some wine he wanted for our lunch. He drove past one liquor store and on into town and pulled up to the Ford dealer and up to the front door. There was a fire red Mustang sitting in the show room and he proudly announced. "Well, there it is. Your new car."

"Are you shitting me?"

"Nope. Mac you said you needed a new one and this is what you wanted so I ordered it for you. If you hadn't have been so fussy about the color I could have hand a lot of other ones the next day."

"Well, what I can I say but thank you. I'll give your ass an extra smooth fucking when we get back to the boat."

He laughed and said, "I hope so. I didn't do this just for a 'thank you'"

I made arrangements with the dealer to drive my junker back up to his place that afternoon and promised to send the title and stuff to him the following day for it. A new Mustang for fucking Jimmy's ass was a great payment for something I was enjoying.

We got back to the marina and I kept telling him to hurry for my cock was busting to fuck his pussyass. He just squirmed saying that he was going as fast as he could.

Sure enough. When we got into the boat I pushed him down on his knees and told him to take it all in his mouth. Not just a few inches but I wanted to hit his tonsils with the head of it. Damn if he didn't try. On one thrust I touched something deep in his throat and he came up gagging but it felt great. I lifted him onto his feet and told him to bend over the arm of the sofa. As soon as I had him in position I slipped behind him and pushed the throbbing head of my cock deep in his puckered ass. He had gotten to like it so much over the last several months he threw it back at me as hard as I was thrusting into him. "Oh, fuck me hard Mac." 

"That's exactly what I am doing you little cunt. This time I want you to be jacking your own cock off as I fill your pussyass with my juices. No, I know something better. As soon as I feel I am going to come I am going to pull out and turn you around. I'll hold the head of my cock a few inches from your mouth and shoot my juices all over your cuntface. I did exactly that and his tongue was busy licking off ever drop it could reach.

We showered together later and he asked if I liked his present. I told him I loved it and gave him a big hug. He shuddered all over.

A few weeks later the shit hit the fan.

I was sitting on the chair opposite the sofa in the boat and he was on his knees in front of me with my cock buried in his mouth when the door from the cockpit slammed open and in popped a woman. She was a good looking little thing and just smirked with, 

"Well, well, well. What do we have here? My sweet little hubby is sucking a cock."

"Oh shit Darlene."

Darlene didn't seem to be able to take her eyes off my cock. I guess she was comparing it her mind to his little prick and was admiring what she was looking at.

She just stood there with her hands on her hips and said,

"All these years I have had tons of times where guys wanted to take me to bed and I didn't. I stayed true to you Jim. Only to now find you with your mouth wrapped around a guy's dick. Damn, what a fool I have been."

"Ah Darlene, I'm sorry but this is something I have always wanted but that doesn't mean I don't love you."

"Oh bullshit," as she slammed the door behind her shut. 

"Let's see how you like it when I cheat on you."

She looked at me and said, "I don't suppose you are going to mind fucking this nerds wife are you?"

"Well, no."

She had already dropped her slacks to the deck and had slipped out of her top and bra. She was standing there bare ass naked in front of me and other than not having any tits to speak of she had a perfectly shaped body.

"Just sit there Cowboy. I am going to slide down on that lovely looking shaft my 'clown for a husband' seems to like."

She came over to the edge of the chair and climbed up and proceeded to straddle my cock. It had softened a bit during her first outburst but had risen to the upcoming situation as it was staring at the lovely little pussy in front of it.

I don't know your name but you better be gentle. Jim was the first and only man I ever had and you can see the difference between the size of your cock and his.

"Yes, but he told me he used a dildo on you. Didn't that open you up a little?"

"Yes it did but the dildo was still only half the size of you. So go slow. Now watch this Jimmy boy. Your wife is going to get fucked by another man."

I put one hand on my shaft and held it perfectly straight in the air and soon felt her warm pussy lips opening to take it in. She dropped down a few inches and gasped a little. 

"The dildo was a lot smaller that you and a whole lot thinner. You are really opening me up."

She let herself down a little more and I thought it time to meet her half way. I raised my hips and held hers and pulled her down as I was rising up. I had about six inches in her when she said, "STOP."

She had the sweetest tightest pussy I ever enjoyed and I knew she would never forgive herself if she didn't take all of me and I said,

"Darlene, just rest a bit before we continue. I can feel your vaginal muscles grabbing me and I can almost hear them shouting to keep it coming."

She laughed and thru her head back and started to slide down even further on me.

Another minute and she had me buried and yelled out. "So this is what it is like to get laid."

Jimmy was ready to crawl under the sofa hearing that.

Another bit of thrusting and I finally decided she needed a proper fucking; not the type she was enjoying so far. I pushed her up off me and lifted her over to the sofa and dropped her on her back and then thrust into her to the hilt and began some serious fucking. She soon had her legs around my back and her arms around my neck. 
