 I didn't even know I liked it, you know. At least, not that much.

This friend of mine, I knew him for about a year, when he started to work for the same company I did. He was the new guy and I got to show him the place, he was fun, everybody liked him. He was also way more handsome than me, taller, bigger muscles, tanned (in this case, he was just being Brazilian better than I was). I noticed this with a bit of jealousy.

So... We became best friends! I just couldn't help myself.

Three months later, I started to pay attention to the way he looked at my wife. She was amazing, of course. I understood why he did it, but I couldn't believe the way he looked at her with me right there, by his side. The worst of it all was that she probably realized it as well, and liked it. 

Both of them seemed to be in this little game, in which I wasn't allowed to be a player. I didn't have the balls to say anything. It made me sad. Angry. Ashamed. And yet, there 

I was, inviting my friend, because he was so cool! Pathetic.

The truth is, the image of him, my cool friend, fucking my beautiful wife was just so damn hot. It was sick. I hated myself for thinking that, but that didn't stop me from jerking off and cumming every day, hidden in the bathroom. 

That fucked my head, I'm not gonna lie.

I tried cutting him off, but he was just too nice, being close to him made me feel better. The way he talked, trying to make you happy, doing good things, offering help, thankful you for all the small things. He was funny and intelligent too. He being so good looking just made him irresistible. To the ladies. Or maybe not just for them. 

I kept my little secret for a few more months, and he ended up becoming my best friend. I just couldn't avoid it. The thing between him and my wife, if there was really a thing, never changed from the quick shared glances and a bit of flirting.

One day, when my work demanded a bit more of me, he offered to help and since his place was closer, I decided to crash at his place. My wife didn't mind. She had no reason to mind. Maybe she should have. 

It was already late and we were in his living room, drinking beer and watching soccer. As I said, the work was just a 'bit' more demanding and we were done pretty fast.

We were both shirtless, and I was wearing one of his shorts, because I hadn't brought anything other then trousers, and he didn't accept that. It was hot day and night in that damnable city. He was pretty good at making people comfortable.

I ignored that voice that told me that anything would be better than being a cuck and asked him if he wanted to fuck my wife. 

He just looked at me from his side of the couch. 

"So?"

"What makes you think that I do? Her hot body or her beautiful face? Everybody wants to fuck your wife." He was a little angry. Somehow, even after he admitting that, I was the one feeling a bit guilty.

"But you're my... friend." 

"That's probably why I didn't fuck her."

Then he just pretended that nothing had happened. Drinking beer, watching TV. 

My dick got hard... The fuck? Was I feeling disappointment?

Suddenly I was not comfortable at all. I tried to find ways to hide my erection, but only subtle movements on the couch, otherwise I feared it would be too obvious.

He, however, didn't try to hide his. He did grabbed his shorts with his full hand, clearly showing his hard dick through the fabric. And what I thought was, 'it's really big, bigger than mine'. And then I thought, 'he is thinking about my wife'. I closed my eyes, cursing myself, realizing that instead of going away, the erection just got worse. 

And then my friend put his dick out, uncut and with a big pink head. He looked at me, expecting a reaction. I should have done something else instead of just looking at the TV. Maybe leaving. But I didn't want to. 

"Might as well come and help" he said. 

Shit.

He was staring at me, hand on the cock. 

"You coming?"

Why the fuck not. I moved. He just watched as I put my hand on his cock. I grabbed it hard, really feeling it, thickness and heat, in my hand, and the cock pulsed with life. He got comfortable on his couch and let me do the job. Still pretending to watch TV, as if nothing was happening, I started to jerk him off. I was feeling dirty, guilty, but even those feelings were turning me on.

And then with his free hand, my friend started to touch me, first in my legs. He did grabbed my dick as well but only for a few moments. He would quickly touch me somewhere else, put his hand on my belly, and then pinch my nipple. He was doing a very good job on driving me crazy. Crazy was the word. I didn't even realize I was jerking him so fast until he told me to slow down. 

I blushed, and did it as he commanded. Because he did command, even in his nice-fellow-you-can't-help-but-like-me kind of way and I liked it even more. I fucking liked that guy, he deserved everything from me, even my wife if he wanted.

"You can fuck my wife."

"Shut up. Shut up and keep going."

It didn't took long for him to advance his touch, making me put his finger on my mouth and making me suck. I realized with shame that I was trying to imitate my wife on the movements of the head and the tongue. 

I was kneeling in front of him and sucking his dick a few minutes later. 

I wasn't even thinking much at that point. I realized that I had wanted this. Every time I imagined him with my wife, I was thinking too much about him and his body, and his dick. And it felt good, really good, to suck him. He was such a nice guy. Again, I wasn't good at it, but I tried to do what my wife did to me.

If someone told me that I was going to be sucking his balls eventually when I first met him, I would call them crazy, (seriously, who would say such a thing?) but there I was. And the way he moaned was making me feel better than I would expect. He was saying things, that he wanted to fuck me, that he would fuck me, while looking in my eyes. And my answer was gagging on his meat.

He was the one who actually pulled my head away from his cock when he was about to cum. I don't know what got to me, but I started to kiss and bite his leg, and eventually put his ball in my mouth, while he was still trying to blow his load. When he did, he moaned loudly, and my face received almost everything.

He then pulled me to the couch, smiling.

"Jeez, man. I'm sorry. Look at this mess, you're all dirty." Such a nice guy.

.

.

First time posting here. Hope you like it this little story.