 My education continued on the 3rd day of employment. I woke up that morning really confused about the events of yesterday. What in the hell had I done? Surely I hadn't turned into some sort of gay cocksucker. But I had and thinking back about the series of events leading up to my sucking another man's cock started making me hard. Christ, what was I doing. If anyone found out, I would be thrown out of town, probably dis-inherited and surely would burn in hell for eternity. Knowing all of this, why was I getting a "hard on"? Why, because the mutual experience with Bob was the most mind blowing erotic thing I'd ever done. I had one more day of off loading fence posts, and the lure to recapture the moment was overwhelming. I got dressed, grabbed a biscuit and sausage and headed for my car to "go to work".

I got to the truck stop, just as Bob was walking to the truck, I got out of the car and walked toward him. He smiled and asked, "Are you ready for another day?" 

"Yeah", I said, "let's go."

Bob looked at me and said, "I didn't know if you'd be back."

Laughing (to hide my embarrassment), I said, "Of course I am, the job's not finished."

He winked at me and said, "Well then let's get going."

This was to be the very last load, the trailer was almost empty and all that remained was going out to the Emerson ranch a bit outside of Cherokee about one and a half hour away. The drive out was pleasant enough, even though it was already starting to turn into a typical hot Texas day. We talked about everything except what had gone down yesterday and I certainly wasn't going to bring it up.

At the ranch, not only did Mr. Emerson want the posts delivered, but stacked at four different spots. Damn, it was hot! About 2 PM, I had stacked the the last of the posts. The day was done, I was bone tired, hot and sweaty. When we got back in the truck Bob asked if there was a place to cool off. I told him about a swimming hole on Cherokee Creek that always seemed to have plenty of cold water. He said, that a cold swim would be a good way to wrap up the day.

We started for the creek, not driving more than 3-4 minutes and Bob's hand again dropped to my thigh. I couldn't help myself but I spread my legs a little as an invite to proceed as he wished. As he massaged my upper left thigh, the motion was ever so slowly heading higher towards my cock. Damn, I was getting hard from just the anticipation of what was to come.

Bob finally decided to grab hold of my cock through my jeans, when he did, I experienced a tremendous rush of adrenaline which seemed to make my cock grow even more. I slid over to my left a little more to give him better access and he told me to unbutton my fly. I watched as my trembling fingers unbutton my Levi's. Bob reached in and pulled my cock out and started stroking it long and slow. I had an overpowering urge to feel him as well, so I leaned over and started undoing his jeans. He too was hard and stiff and I needed to feel his cock in my hand. I leaned over to hold his marvelous cock and instead I just kept leaning until his cock jumped into my mouth. Accidental I'm sure.

There it was I was sucking cock again AND I liked it. I rolled my tongue around the head, and started taking more of him into my mouth. As I would lower my head, Bob would push up trying to go deeper, and deeper he did go. I felt him at the back of my throat, the gag reflex kicked in and I backed off. Bob told me to relax my jaw and throat, I did and I felt his cock slide into my throat and my lips were on his pubic hair. Suddenly, he pulled me up saying we had arrived at the creek. 

Disappointed, I sat up and indeed we had arrived. Bob said "Let's go for that swim and get clean and cool." We climbed down from the truck and headed for the water. No one was at the creek seeing as it was early afternoon on a weekday. We stripped down to our boxers and jumped in.

The water was cold, very cold, but after a bit it felt quite nice. Standing in waist deep water, we splashed and horsed around, washing off grime and sweat. Bob suddenly dove under the water and swam up to me, and took hold of my hips. He yanked my boxers down and started sucking my cock. I was thinking that I hope he had gills because I didn't want him to stop for air or anything. He was able to hold his breath long enough to bring me to the edge of climax. He surfaced, grinning and said, "Guess we should be heading back". 

No, no, no; not now, I was so close to cumming. But it was not to be, Bob waded out of the creek leaving me standing waist deep, in cold water with my boxers around my ankles and a raging erection pointing to the sky.

I straightened up (no pun) and headed back to the truck. I climbed up into the cab and Bob was already in the sleeper drying off, completely naked. He tossed me the towel and told me to go ahead and dry off. Once I was dry, he patted the mattress and told me lay down.

I stretched out on my stomach and Bob started telling me how glad he was that he had hired me and that I was a good worker. While talking he started massaging my shoulders and upper back. His hands were so strong and my muscles were sore, it was mesmerizing. I relaxed as he moved his massage further down my back. I felt his massage reach my Gluteus Maximus as he grabbed an ass check in each hand and started kneading the muscles. I noticed an involuntary action of me pushing my pelvis up into his hands. I felt his hands spread my ass cheeks as his knees spread my legs wider apart.

Suddenly, I felt something warm and wet on my asshole. Bob was licking my anus!!! Holy shit! Where did this come from? It didn't really matter because the feeling was incredible and I didn't want him to stop. I had raised my butt wishing for a little penetration from his tongue, and Bob obliged by fulfilling my wish.

Soon, I felt his finger slide a little bit into my anus, I pushed my ass upwards and his finger went in deeper. I was entering new territory in my sexual adventures. Bob told me to relax, as I did I felt that he had added another finger with lube. Bob was now finger fucking my ass and I was humping his fingers, Suddenly, no movement, no fingers, no nothing. I wanted his fingers back inside me and asked him to "Please don't stop!". 

Bob said, "Take some deep breaths and try your best to relax." Deep down I knew what was going to happen and I wanted it, a lot. Bob got on his knees, grabbed my waist and pulled me to my knees. Now, with my head on the mattress and my ass in the air, Bob reached under and fondled my balls and stroked my cock. Is it possible for a penis to have an Aneurysm, if not, mine was about to explode anyway.

I felt Bob's cock at my virgin hole as he started pushing. I involuntarily clinched my butt muscles, but Bob said to just relax and take deep breaths. Soon I felt the head of his cock push past the outer ring. WOW, it felt like his cock was splitting me two, it fucking hurt.

I said, "Stop, please stop."

Bob said, "Just take a deep breathe and push out like you're trying to fart, I'll wait."

In a bit, the pain subsided and Bob pushed in a bit more. Then pulled back out and then back in a little deeper. Now the pain had been replaced by pleasure and he was balls deep in my ass. Bob started a long slow fuck of my no longer virgin ass hole. I never knew, getting fucked in the ass could feel so good. Bob started increasing the speed of his thrusts and I was humping his cock and wanting more of him.

Bob stopped, pulled out leaving me empty. I begged, "Please don't stop, put it back in."

He said, "Roll over onto your back." I flipped over and he pulled my legs up over his shoulders and in one giant stroke was even further inside me. Bob started pounding my ass like I was a $3 whore. 

I was getting my ass fucked and I was loving every minute of it. I felt my climax approaching and shoved my ass as far onto his cock as possible. I started shooting ropes of cum all over my belly and chest. Bob started what sounded to be a low growl as he shot loads of cum into my ass, I then shot another load of cum onto my chest.

I collapsed into a puddle of a human, Bob collapsed on top of me. We laid there for several minutes, not moving, trying to catch our breaths.

Bob was the first to speak, "You've got a really tight ass."

"Are you okay?"

"Yeah, I think so, that was fantastic though."

"Do you think I'm pregnant?" 

"Probably not, but if you want to be, we can try again." 

I said, "Nope, not right away, I'm pretty sore right now. How about later?"

Bob said that we had to be getting back to town as it was already past 5 PM and he had to head back to the hill country in the morning. We got dressed, re-arranged the cab back to "normal" and headed back to town.

On the remainder of the trip, I pulled his cock out and softly stroked it. As we got close to the truck stop and my car, we got all straightened out and somewhat presentable. 

We left the truck and both walked to my car. He reached out and shook my hand saying, "You did a great job for me and if you ever get to Comfort look me up." I said, "I will, I promise."

He handed me an envelope with my pay, slapped my shoulder, turned and walked into the dinner. I counted the bills and found that he had pad me in full with a note. I unrolled the note and found two $100 dollar bills inside. The note simply said "Thanks for everything."

On the way home, I thought to myself, "I really am gay or bi, and I like it." I wonder what might happen next year at U.T.