 Well, it had been a few months since I met up with Jimmy. We had exchanged e-mails here and there, and I would call him once in a while, but our schedules never seemed to line up. Finally one day, I decided I had to taste his beautiful cock again, and I was determined to set up a meeting. I gave Jimmy a call, and just my luck, he was on his way home from work. He told me he had been thinking of me and that he really wanted me to suck his cock again. I giggled and said that's exactly why I called, and that I was dying to take his big dick and suck him until he shot a big load of his cum down my throat. I had to work later, but had a few hours till then, so he said he could pick me up and take me to his place to play, and then drop me off before work.

My heart was racing with excitement, all I could think about was how much I loved sucking his cock, pulling the foreskin back, and playing with the tip with my tongue. I was dying to wrap my lips around it, and when he picked me up, he could tell I was ready to go. Jimmy drove me to his place, all the while asking if I had had any other dick lately, and telling me of a few guys he met in public restrooms that would get down on their knees and suck him off, while he would sometimes return the favor. Hearing him tell me about all the guys blowing him in public places had me losing my mind with lust. I told him that I had not had a cock in my mouth since the last time I saw him, but that all his stories were getting me so turned on that I couldn't wait to suck his dick dry! He rubbed my cock through my jeans, and I just sat there, thinking of all the guys sucking his dick in public restrooms, and I'd imagine it was me sliding his big fat dick down my throat.

When we got to his place, he lead me to his room and started running his fingers through my hair. He knew exactly what I wanted, and in no time I was on my knees, unbuckling his belt, and pulling that gorgeous cock out of his white briefs. I had that fat cock out of his pants and into my mouth quicker than you could even imagine. I pulled the skin back and wrapped my lips around that baby, taking in every flavor of his cock and savoring his musk as the scent of his pubes ran up my nose while I bobbed my head on that dick like I never had before. Last time I saw him I was a little nervous and didn't want to embarrass myself, this time, I couldn't wait to get that dick down my throat and swallow his juicy load. I sucked his dick like he had never been sucked before, he tilted his head back and told me over and over "oh baby, ooooh you suck your daddy's dick so good, mmm you're so good to me, my cock hasn't felt this good in years."

He knew how good I was, Jimmy knew he turned me into his faithful cock sucker, and no matter what, I was always going to get him off. After a few minutes of pulling the skin back, nibbling the head, and running my teeth lightly down the length of his cock, Jimmy knew he had enough. He started shaking his head and said "baby, if you don't slow down, you're going to make me cum!" At that point, I had no other choice, I sucked that dick like it was my last meal, and soon enough, he shot a huge load down my throat. I swallowed and licked up every last drop of his cum, I let him know that I was his boy, and that he always had a ready and willing mouth so long as I was around. He jerked, twitched, and damn near fell over as I savored his cum running down my throat. He was so impressed that he even sucked my cock before he dropped me off at work. Needless to say I had a wonderful day with a stomach full of my daddy's cum, and empty balls that I drained in his mouth. I was so turned on, I'm surprised I got anything done that day.