 This story contains gay incest themes.

The summer I was 19 is still the most incredible summer of my life.

I was still living with my parents, scheduled to begin college in the fall. My mother and father were both older than average, I had been an unexpected surprise. I had a sister who was 10 years older than me; she was married and lived nearby with her husband.

The way things started was tame enough. My parents were having a cook out one Saturday afternoon. In addition to the 3 of us, my sister and her husband were also there. Dad had cooked hotdogs and burgers, mom had made potato salad, and there were lots of chips and snacks and cold beers. It was only that summer that my dad had allowed me to start drinking in the house and I'd had a few beers.

We had finished eating and were sitting around in a stupor of food and beer. As always with beer, it went right through me and now my bladder was bursting.

"I'll be right back." I said to the others. "I need to take a piss."

"Damn, that sounds good." my brother-in-law Thad said, standing up. "I'm next."

My sister was 29 and Thad was 35 that year. He was a really good looking guy; he had crisp curly blond hair and light blue eyes. He's been in the Navy when my sister met him and he was still in fantastic shape. I was a swimmer and 15 years younger and he still had a better body than me.

I went inside and down the hall, followed by Thad. When I went into the bathroom and closed the door I glanced into the mirror. It looked like I was getting a pimple on my chin, the first in a couple of years. I spent some time examining it, and then paused to re-comb my hair.

"You'd better hurry up in there Brent, I'm about to ruin the carpet." my brother-in-law called out from the hallway.

"I'll just be a minute or so." I called back.

I finished combing my hair and stepped up to the toilet. I had just started emptying my bladder when I heard my brother-in-law say, "Fuck this." and then I heard the door open behind me.

"If I don't piss right now I'm going to explode." he said and stepped up beside me.

By that time, my piss had stopped flowing from shock and I was standing there with my dick in my hand. Thad ripped his zipper down, reached in and hauled out the prettiest cock I'd ever seen in my life. Not only was it long, it was fatter than average, too. I could see blue veins snaking under the thin skin and climbing the shaft to the fat rose colored head and strands of dark crisp hair curling out of his fly. It was all I could do not to reach out and wrap my hand around it.

A second later, he unleashed a gusher of piss that almost filled the bowl with foam. The sound loosened my bladder and I started pissing my load, too. His piss stream was thicker than mine and I wondered if his cock channel was bigger.

He drained his cock and shook it to get the last drops off as I watched.

"You're staring, Brent." he said.

I looked up at his face and he was smiling.

"If I had any question about why my sister married you, I guess I have the answer." I said, looking back at his gorgeous cock.

"It's probably a little bigger than most." he said and stroked it a little, milking out the last of his piss. It looked to me like it was swelling and that made my cock start to harden.

"That's no little leaguer you're holding." he said. "I bet you're almost as big as I am when you're hard."

I knew from the gym showers that I was bigger than average but I'd never seen another cock his size up close.

"Some chick is going to be a happy girl when she finishes riding that thing." 

By then, his cock was half hard and standing straight out from his body. My dick was almost totally stiff and I had a hand around it to hold it down.

"We'd better get out of here before we both get drunk and stupid." Thad said and tucked his monster back into his fly. I just stood there.

"Thanks for sharing the bowl with me." he said and ran his hand down my back before he left. I whirled around, locked the door and stood over the bowl full of piss with my stiff cock in my hand. It was pretty big and it was good looking, too. The shaft was a thick handful and it was long enough that I sometimes used two hands to jerk it. It had a nice sized head on it, too, helmet shaped and dark red right now. 

I jerked my aching cock, thinking the whole time about my brother-in-law's dick. I shot a thick load of juice in no time at all and watched it sink into the bowl full of our mingled piss.

When I got back outside, my father said, "I was beginning to think you fell in."

Thad, sitting next to my sister, checked out my still swollen crotch and said, "He had something he needed to take care of." and smiled at me. I knew that he knew that I'd just jerked off.

"You've got something to take care of tomorrow, too" my father said.

I kept stealing glances at Thad. I could see his big cock straining against the crotch of his shorts; I even thought I could see the rim of the fat head. I glanced up and Thad was looking at me and grinning, knowing I'd been checking him out.

"Did you hear what I said?" my father asked. "Your mother and I are going to gone most of the day and that'll be the perfect time for you to do all of the yard work I've been nagging you about."

"It's supposed to be about a hundred degrees tomorrow. " I replied.

"It won't be that hot. How about if I come over and give you a hand, we'll get it done in no time and have the rest of the day to relax?" Thad said.

"Hot damn, I'm going to hold you to that." my sister Sue then said. "I've got things to do tomorrow and not having you in my way will be a godsend. Sorry, little brother, but you're stuck with him."

I didn't say anything; I just stole another glance at Thad's crotch. I could have sworn that his dick had gotten bigger while we talked. He was still grinning at me.

The rest of the afternoon flew by. I kept thinking about my brother-in-law's big cock and how he was going to look tomorrow, covered in sweat. My cock kept bouncing up and I couldn't wait for everyone to tire of visiting so that I could go to my room and jerk off again.

Finally, after it started to get dark, my sister and her husband said that they needed to get home. We walked them out to their car in the drive, saying our goodbyes and just before they left Thad said to me, "Don't forget, I'll be here bright and early. We've got a lot to take care of." While saying so, he rested his hand against the small of my back, just at the start of my ass crack. It felt like his hand was going to burn through my shorts and he gave me that same shit eating grin.

After their car pulled away, I ran upstairs, locked my door and pounded a huge load out of my stiff cock. I already knew I'd have a hell of a time sleeping tonight.

The next morning I got up early, just as it was getting light. I'd tossed and turned with thoughts of my brother-in-law in my head all night. I slipped on a pair of old gym shorts over my swim jock and an old tee shirt with my oldest sneakers.

My dad must have heard me in the kitchen because he came downstairs shortly after me. He always slept in his boxers and a tee shirt and for the first time I noticed how well built he was and what a big bulge he had in the front of his shorts.

"You must be anxious to get started." he said as he poured a cup of coffee with his back to me. He had a really firm ass, too, with his shorts fabric tucked into the deep crack. I couldn't believe I was getting turned on looking at my own father, thank god I was sitting at the table where my cock didn't show.

"I thought I'd take advantage of the morning coolness." I replied. 

"Good idea. Your mother and I will get breakfast on the road, she's already anxious to get started. Have fun." he said and went back upstairs.

I went out back to the garden shed and started dragging out all of the equipment that I'd need. It was already in the 80's and I was soon drenched in sweat. I was working on the mower, getting it ready to run, when my dad stepped out of the back door to tell me he and mom were on their way.

"Oh, Thad called, too. He'll be here any minute." Dad told me. 

After my parents left I considered running inside to the bathroom and jerking out another load but just when I was about to, I saw Thad's car pull into the drive. He got out and walked around to the side of the house where I was crouched. He'd dressed similarly to me, an old pair of cotton gym shorts and an athletic tee that showed off his muscular shoulders and arms. As he walked toward me, I could have sworn that his cock bounced around like he didn't have any underwear on. I couldn't help from staring.

He walked over and crouched down across from me. I'd been right; his fat cock head was clearly visible poking out of his shorts leg.

"You about got that thing ready to go?" he asked. "The mower, I mean." He grinned again.

"It's all primed." I said.

"Good. Let's knock this out, fuckhead, and then we'll have some time to hangout instead of being in the sun all day." 

I looked at his crotch again and said, "By the way, your dick is hanging out."

"You've seen it before and besides, there's no one here but us. I didn't think you'd mind." He stood up and went over to the pile of tools and picked up a rake. "You start the mowing and I'll work on the beds. That's where I'm best." Once again, he gave me that grin.

I told myself I was reading entirely too much into our conversation and got to work. The temperature climbed as we worked and I couldn't stop myself from looking at Thad every chance I got. After he started to sweat, his few clothes clung to his body and it was almost like he was nude. At one point, he had his back to me and was reaching up with a lopper to trim a branch. His shirt and shorts were perfectly molded to his body and I could see his back muscles moving and his plump ass cheeks flexing as he worked. I wasn't watching where I was going and ran the mower up onto the sidewalk, stalling it out.

"Watch where you're going instead of daydreaming." Thad said. "We're almost done already, and then you can spend the whole day in your fantasies." He had turned around to face me and his front was just as wet as his back. I could see his solid chest muscles through his shirt and I could see his thick cock outlined under the wet fabric of his shorts. The bastard knew I was looking, too.

"You're just as sweaty as I am buddy." he then said. "And that wet strap can't hide a cock your size. Now, get busy."

He knew that I was checking him out every minute but it didn't stop him from working. He'd just glance at me when he caught me and give me that goddamned grin.

Finally, about noon, everything was completed. The entire yard was manicured like it had been professionally done, a whole lot better than I'd have done it on my own. Thad slipped his shirt off and lay down on the freshly cut grass with it draped over his eyes, his arms stretched above his head. I took advantage of his sightlessness and ran my eyes over his body. His belly was so trim that I could see the muscles under the flesh and the outline of other thick muscles down the sides of his rib cage. I could also see the dark shadow of his pubic hair through his wet shorts, above his perfectly visible fat meat. My cock was so hard that the head popped out of the top of my strap.

"I'll go call Sue and tell her we're done and see if she wants you to bring anything home." I said, turning to go indoors before I got caught with my dick stiff.

Standing at the kitchen counter, I could see my brother-in-law in the grass, posed like some Greek statue. He was giving me tons of beat off material without even knowing it.

My sister answered the phone immediately and I said, "Thad and I are done. Do you need him to stop at the store for anything?"

"Shit!" she said. "I thought it would take you guys a lot longer than this. Can't you keep him over there, I've got the whole house turned upside down and he'll just be a nuisance."

Thad had sat up and was supporting himself on his arms behind him. The sun made his hair gleam and his sweaty body sparkled.

"Sure." I said. "He can nap on the couch until you want him."

"Thanks, Brent. I owe you one. I'll call you when I want him." She hung up.

I walked back out to where Thad sat and he watched me cross the yard. I was pretty sure that he was looking at my crotch with its barely concealed stiff dick.

"What's the verdict?" he asked, his eyes level with my dick.

"She said I should keep you here and entertain you until she calls."

"Looks like you're stuck with me for the afternoon, bud. And I need a shower before I do anything else."

"You can use the downstairs bathroom." I said. "I'll use the one off of my room." I reached out my hand and helped him pull himself up from the ground. As he walked to the house ahead of me, I watched the perfect globes of his ass flex with each step. His shorts were so wet that I could even see the dark hairs growing out of his ass crack. My cock was so hard it felt like it might break off.

Inside, I pushed past him before he could get a look at my shorts and started upstairs.

"You know where everything is." I said from the stairway. "If you want to take a nap or watch TV or need anything, I'll be in my room."

I glanced behind me at the top of the stairs and he was looking up at me with that same maddening grin. 

In my room, I stripped out of my clothes as quickly as possible. My cock was glued to my belly, it was so stiff and I considered a quick whack-off but I was afraid that somehow Thad would hear me or guess what I was up to.

In the shower I had to be careful not to give in and play with it, I washed as fast as possible and then stood with my cock under a stream of cold water until it had relaxed a bit. I could hear the shower downstairs still running.

After wrapping a towel around my waist I went and lay face down across my bed. I knew that I shouldn't but I couldn't resist pulling up a gay porn website that I'd looked at before, on my phone. There was a movie offered that had an actor in it who looked a lot like Thad, so I opened it up. It started out with a guy licking the Thad guy's stiff cock, which I bet was smaller than Thad's, while he lay on his back. The Thad guy moaned and groaned and thrashed around while the guy licked his balls and then started sucking his cock down his throat. His cock had grown bigger and thicker and the other guy held it straight up from his belly and straddled him, then slowly eased down so that the cock began to disappear up his ass hole.

"I brought you a beer." Thad said from the open doorway. I hadn't even noticed the shower turning off or his footsteps coming up the stairs. When I looked up at him, he was standing there totally nude with a can of beer in each hand.

I must have looked shocked because he said, "It's so hot; I thought I'd just air dry. Besides, I didn't want to put those filthy clothes back on. Maybe you can lend me something."

"Sure, take anything you want." I said. I suddenly became aware that my phone was still on and showed a close up of a tight ass hole riding up and down on a rock hard dong. I hurriedly turned it off.

"That covers a lot of territory. "he said. Thad came across the room and handed me the beer, his cock hanging inches from my face.

"What are you doing up here?" he asked, then walked around the bed and lay down on his back beside me. I could feel the heat coming off of his body and even freshly showered he had the woodsy, musky smell of a man.

"I was just checking out something on the Internet." I said.

He rolled over on his side, his big cock hanging beside me and said, "Porn, I bet." 

I was shocked that he'd guessed so easily and it must have showed.

"Hey, don't worry about it." he said. "All guys look at porn. I just hope I didn't interrupt if you were getting ready to jerk off or something."

I could feel myself blushing. I could also feel my hard dick under me just about tearing a hole in the mattress.

"God, don't be embarrassed. When I was your age, I beat my dick so often I'm surprised it didn't fall off from wear. Guys your age are just naturally horny."

"I guess." I managed to say. I saw him glance down at my ass, covered by the towel, and I stole a look at his cock. It was about 3 quarters hard and already bigger than I'd expected.

"Can I ask you something personal?" Thad questioned.

"Sure, go ahead."

He glanced down at my butt again and then said, "Are you gay? You've really been checking me out." 

After a minute, I told him the truth.

"I don't know. I think I probably am but I'm not sure. Why, would it freak you out to have a gay brother-in-law?"

"Not at all. I'd probably like it." Thad said.

"Like it?"

"Yeah," he said grinning, "that way if your sister won't give me a fuck I could always try to fuck her brother."

"Maybe her brother would fuck you." I said, pissed that he'd made the assumption that I wanted to get fucked.

"That could work out real well, too.' he replied. 

He didn't even try to hide his glance down at my butt so I openly looked at his cock. He was all the way hard, now, and it stood out from his flat belly parallel to the mattress. It was long and so fat around that it looked like one hand couldn't hold it. The veins I'd noticed the day before stood up from the surface now and I could see the blood pulse with each heart beat.

"Have you done stuff with other guys? How was it?" he asked me.

"I've never done anything." I said. "Except beat off. Like you said, I'm horny all of the time."

"I bet your cock is hard now, isn't it." he replied and reached down and pulled the towel off of me, then stroked his hand over my ass cheek. "With an ass like this, I'm surprised someone hasn't jumped your bones before now. Roll over and show me your dick, I know it's a big one."

I couldn't believe this was really happening but after a moment, I did as he told me. My cock was harder than it had ever been, standing straight up at 12 o'clock. It was pulsing like a toothache and I was afraid if even a fly landed on it I'd shoot my load.

Instead, Thad wrapped his hand around it.

"That's some really big meat." he said. "My cock head is bigger but you're at least as long and fat as I am. Grab mine and see if it doesn't feel the same."

I only hesitated for a minute and then wrapped my hand around the first cock that I'd ever touched that wasn't my own. It felt a lot hotter than I'd expected and even though it was so hard, the satiny skin on it moved under my grip. I could feel blood pulsing through it.

"How do you like it?" he asked.

"I like it a lot but if you keep your hand on mine, I'm going to cum." I said.

He let loose of my dick and then said, "At your age, you probably recover pretty quick. Let me take care of it."

Without another word he slid down on the bed and I felt his burning mouth close around the head of my dick. I almost fainted, the sensation was so intense. His tongue lapped at my piss slot and then he began to bob his mouth up and down the shaft. After only 3 or 4 strokes of his lips, my back arched off of the bed, my aching balls drew up and a load of cum that felt like molten lava blasted out of my piss hole and into his throat. I could feel him sucking harder at my dick and I could feel him swallowing. It felt like he was sucking the fluid out of my spine and the same time my ass hole clenched and burned. I must have shot 5 or 6 times before I collapsed back onto the mattress.

Thad nursed at my dick until it was fully drained, then slid back up to lay against me.

"Man, you cum like a fire hose. "he said. "How'd you like your first blow job?"

"How do you think, judging by the result? Did you swallow my cum?"

"A virgin load out of a giant dick and some beautiful balls? You're damned right I did and it tasted delicious."
