 This story contains gay incest.

*****

Our nude bodies glistened with sweat as I, my father and my brother in law stood in the family room. I couldn't help but wonder if Thad's ass hole was throbbing the way mine was from the championship fucking that my father had just given the both of us.

Dad made his way over to the towel draped sofa where he had earlier found me fucking Thad and sat down in the center, his big dick and balls hanging over the edge of the seat. Thad and I followed and sat on either side of him.

No one spoke for a minute. Dad was checking out the stiff meat that Thad and I both had standing up from our crotches and then he wrapped a hand around each prick.

"I never even suspected that the two of you were both hung like bulls." he said, gently stroking our dicks.

"And I never, ever suspected that you'd be into gay stuff." Thad replied. "I may be dumb but I know that nobody throws a fuck up a guy's ass like that if it's his first time."

"Maybe you're not as dumb as you look then." dad replied with a smile.

"You've been with guys before?" I asked.

Dad turned to me and said, "When I was around your age, still living at home, we had this next door neighbor. Joe was the same age as me. He and I used to sleep over at each other's place, we were best friends. I don't need to tell you what might happen if two horny young guys share a bed. For about a year, we sucked and fucked every chance we got. Then, he went into the Air Force and I never saw him again."

"Was that the only time?" I asked.

"There have been a few times, when I was out of town on business, that I let guys suck me off. No fucking, though."

"Does mom know?"

"Your mother and I, sex never was much between us. I can't even remember the last time. That's one of the reasons, when I found you two fucking and having a good time at it, that I wanted to get involved. It's been a long time since I came into anything other than my hand."

Thad reached over and wrapped his hand around dad's limp dick and said, "What a waste of prime meat."

Dad then looked back at me and asked, "Are you okay with all of this, really? We can pretend it never happened."

"There's no way that's going to happen." I told him. I reached into his lap and fondled his big loose balls in their hot sack. "I intend to get a lot better acquainted with these."

"Wait until he sucks you off." Thad said to dad. "For a beginner, he sucks better than anyone I ever met."

Dad gave me a small smile and said, "I just may have to find out if that's true."

"And I'm going to hold you to that. I'm already jealous of Thad because he got your load instead of me, your blood son."

We sat there playing with each other's cocks and then said, "Regarding your mother, I just had an idea."

He rose up from the sofa and walked over to where his clothes lay on the floor. I noticed again what a hot man he was, this time looking at his full ass globes. When he bent over to pick up his pants, his hairy cheeks parted enough for me to see his puckered hole. My mouth was watering.

He stood up and pulled his phone out of his pocket, then came over and sat back down between us. This time, I got my hand around his dick before Thad could. He punched in a number and when it was answered, I was close enough that I could hear mom's voice.

"Hey, babe, I was just calling to see how your day is going." he said.

"We're having a blast. We should have done this a long time ago." mom replied.

"How soon do you think you'll be home?"

"Why, are you having some kind of party?"

Dad looked down at my hand around his cock and then he wrapped his fist around Thad's big dick.

"No, nothing like that. I'm over at Thad and Sue's place. When I finished my chore I came over to check on the boys and bring them some beer. We're sitting around shooting the shit and drinking. I thought that maybe if you knew what time the two of you would be back, we could pick up a bunch of fast food and meet you back at our place. That way, the two of you can take it easy after your hard day."

"Well, it will be at least a couple more hours. How about I give you a call an hour or 45 minutes before we think we'll be there and then we can meet?"

"Sounds perfect." dad said. "Just give us time to get the food and back home."

He disconnected and then turned smiling to each of us.

"Well, you heard her. We have a couple more hours free. What should we do to fill the time?" he asked, smiling.

He was playing with our hard dicks again, stroking them both to make them harder and then he said, "I have an idea. Let's not let these fuckers go to waste."

He stood up from his seat and pulled each of us up beside him. Then, he climbed back onto the sofa on his knees with his back to us. He spread his legs so that his gorgeous ass cheeks parted, showing his hairy crack.

"What do you think, boys? Is my old man ass worth fucking?" he asked. 

"Goddamn. I'm glad I married into this fucking family." Thad said.

Dad's body was a work of art. He was perched with his folded arms resting along the back crest of the sofa, making his wide shoulders look even broader and his upper arms thicker. I admired the muscles in his back and how his torso had a perfect v-shape down to his trim waist. His ass was even more outstanding. His cheeks were rounded globes, firm but not too muscular. The deep crease between them had a forest of hair tendrils spilling out.

"If you ever get tired of being a husband and dad, I bet you'd have a great career as a porn star." I told him.

"I take it you like what you see."

"Looks good enough to eat and then some." Thad replied.

Dad looked pleased that he was so obviously admired and he said, "So who's going to be the first to sweep the cobwebs out of there?"

"You're first, Brent." Thad said. "I want to be able to watch this."

"Then, come on, son. Turnabout is fair play. Let's see what you can do with that big dick." dad told me.

Thad retrieved the lube. As I was coating my hard cock, he was massaging lube up dad's hole.

"Man, this is really tight." he said. "I don't know if Brent's big dick will fit in here."

Dad had his head lying on the sofa back and he said, "It'll fit. I'm counting on him to make sure of that."

I moved up to stand behind dad. Thad was sitting to one side of him and he grasped each of his ass cheeks and spread them so that the tiny rosebud hole was visible. My cock was leaking long streams of precum just looking at it.

"If I never fuck another ass, I'll die happy because I'm about to fuck the best of them." I said.

"Hey, no need to hurt my feelings." Thad said, grinning.

I grasped my cock at the base and guided it to dad's puckered opening. The hole flexed when my cock head nestled against it. I applied some pressure, feeling how hot the opening was. I could feel dad's body relaxing as he made himself ready for getting fucked.

I applied more pressure and the hole slowly began to unfurl. My cock head was half hidden in his ass. As I may have said, I've got a pretty big head, helmet shaped with a wide flange around it. It was going to be a challenge to get it into him.

I pressed a bit harder and the greasy hole spread further. 

"How are you doing, dad?" I asked.

"I forgot how much it burns at first, otherwise I'm great. Slide it in me."

He took a deep breath and must have willed his hole to open because suddenly the fat head popped all of the way through his tight ring.

"You're in." Thad said. He looked up at dad and said, "Now your fun begins."

I pressed again with my hips and watched as the length of my shaft slowly slid deep inside my father's ass. He spread his legs a little wider and tipped his ass higher to give me the maximum advantage and I leaned forward so that I could rest on his back and play with his nipples while I fucked him.

"How did you know that my nipples are hot wired to my ass hole?" he asked.

I began slow, making short thrusts that only brought a couple of inches of dick out of his ass and moving my hips to poke his ass walls and stretch them open. Dad was making little sounds of pleasure.

"You're fucking me really great already." he said.

Thad was still holding his cheeks wide but now he let go and stood up beside me. He watched as I increased my stroke, drawing a little more cock out of the tight opening each time. I felt his hand on my ass cheek and then his finger sliding into my hole. That made me start fucking harder. My balls swinging and slamming against dad's ball sack was an added turn on, too.

"Don't cum." he said to me. "When you feel close, pull out and I'll take over."

Looking down and watching my cock sliding in and out of my father's ass while having my own ass finger fucked, it didn't take long before my balls started to tickle. Thad had already lubed his dick with his other hand so he was ready to go.

I drew my cock back until it popped out of dad's hole and stepped to the side. Thad took my place and guide his cock into the vacant hole, sliding it all of the way in in one stroke. Dad grunted.

I sat down beside dad and reached under him to feel his cock. It was standing up hard and stiff again and dad opened his eyes and smiled at me when he felt my hand on it. I had an overwhelming desire to climb under him and suck his dick while Thad fucked his hole but I was afraid I'd miss my next turn up at bat. Instead, I contented myself with playing with his big hairy balls. 

The two of us alternated filling his hole for the next period of time, however long that was. One of us would plow dad's ass until we got close, then step aside to let the other cock take over. Dad didn't say anything but from the noises he made and the way he arched his ass up to meet our cocks, I knew he was enjoying it.

It finally happened that Thad was slam fucking dad's hole and couldn't hold back any longer. He thrust his cock all the way in and I watched as his balls bounced in his sack, shooting their slimy load into dad's guts. When he'd emptied his balls, he pulled his softening dick out and I rammed my cock back up dad's ass. It was burning hot from being fucked for so long and I could feel Thad's dick juice coating my prick. It was so wet and silky and slick that after only a few strokes, my own load blasted up dad's hole. 

It felt like I might never stop cumming, I'd been holding off for so long and I was so turned on. I wouldn't be surprised if I shot 9 or 10 loads down his fuck chute. I watched the base of my shaft buck in dad's hole each time another wave of jizz shot out of it.

When my balls finally dried up for the time being, I slowly backed my cock out of the clutching hole and flopped down beside dad. Thad was sitting on his other side. Dad stood up from the sofa, stretched and then he sat back down between us. His dick was starting to go soft and I reached down to feel his big balls in my hand again and let my fingers slip down to feel his cum soaked hole.

"You guys are enough to kill an old man." he said.

"But I bet you'd die with a smile on your face." Thad replied.

"Hey, I'm not complaining." Dad said. "As a matter of fact, I have a feeling that the three of us are going to be spending a lot more time with each other in the future."

We were all three exhausted and we remained resting on the sofa. I moved so that I could rest my head in dad's lap and play with his cock and balls. He stroked my side with one hand and played with Thad's cock with his other.

Dad's phone finally rang and mom announced that she and Sue were about 45 minutes away. We reluctantly got up and pulled our dirty work clothes on. I was really sorry to see both dad and Thad covered-I wanted another round with both cocks and asses.

"I've got so much cum up my ass I feel like I'm sloshing. " Dad said.

"Nobody likes a braggart." Thad replied and dad chased him out to the car.

We picked up a massive take out order and we were already back at our house when mom and Sue arrived. The first thing mom said when she came in was, "P.U. You three smell like a herd of goats. We're eating outside."

We carried the food out and Thad brought out drinks for us all. The three of us were starving and we ate like it. The food didn't last long.

As we all sat back, mom said, "Sue and I decided something today. We're going to take a vacation to Hawaii."

"I don't know." dad said. "That could get pretty expensive for the three of us."

"And I don't know if I could get off work on such short notice." Thad said.

Sue looked at mom and then she said, "That's not what we meant. Mom and I are going on vacation for two weeks. No boys allowed. We had such a good time together today that we want to go alone."

"What am I supposed to do while you're gone?" Thad replied.

"You three had a good time together today, didn't you? We've got a guest room, you can stay here while we're gone and you can be three boys running wild together." mom said to him.

Dad was suddenly smiling. I looked at Thad and he looked back at me with that shit eating grin. I knew I was smiling, too.

"That just might be an excellent idea." dad said.

EPILOGUE

Sue and mom did indeed take a trip to Hawaii a few weeks later. Thad moved into the guest room, supposedly, but actually the three of us spent every night in my bed because it was the biggest. In those two weeks I don't think there was a single thing that we didn't do to each other or with each other.

I was only 19 but Thad and dad were just as horny as I. It was a rare morning that they didn't go off to work with only a few hours sleep and their cocks, balls and ass holes aching from over use.

The afternoon before mom and Sue were scheduled to return, we were laying on my bed recovering. Dad and I had just finished sliding both of our cocks up Thad's hole at the same time. I was sure that it would never work; dad's cock looked even more massive after all of the exercise it had been getting, but it did.

Dad lay on his back and Thad sat on his stiff dick, and then leaned back so that could kneel between their legs and stuff my dick into his already stretched hole. It took a little effort but I finally got it all inside of him. It was a super tight fit and I loved the way dad's big dick felt rubbing against mine. I did the fucking since I was the one on top and dad said it was incredible, that it felt like he was fucking and having his cock fucked at the same time. Thad was beyond speech. Dad came before I did, just from the friction of my cock on his. When I felt his juice filling Thad's guts, which was all it took for me, too, and the two of us blasted our loads cock to cock.

Thad still hadn't recovered when his phone rang, he was lying on his stomach so that the air could cool his fucked out hole and pearls of our mixed cum were sliding down his taint.

He answered his phone and said, "Hi, babe, what time am I picking you two up?"

He'd seen that it was Sue calling. I subsequently heard what was said later that afternoon, so I'll just repeat it to you the way I heard it.

"That's what I'm calling about." Sue said. "I'm not coming back."

"Sue says she's not coming back." Thad repeated to dad.

"What's she talking about? Tell to put her mother on so that I can speak to her." dad replied.

No sooner were the words out of his mouth than his phone rang, too.

When he answered, mom said, "I'm not coming back either."

"Are you crazy? What's gotten into the two of you?"

"We're staying her. We've both found jobs and a small apartment that we can afford to share. We're not coming home."

"Are you divorcing me?" Thad asked Sue.

"You can divorce me if you want, I'm giving you grounds." she replied.

"And are you divorcing me?" dad asked.

"I hadn't intended to, unless you want. I'm just tired of being a wife. Brent is grown and can take care of himself and you know things haven't been right between the two of us in a long time, I've hardly been what you could call a wife. You're still a very sexual man and I'm through with all of that stuff. You can find yourself some girlfriends. I won't mind. These past two weeks are the first time since we married that I've felt like I'm really myself. I don't know how else to explain it."

Dad didn't reply for a full minute, looking at me and Thad.

"I think I understand." he told mom. "I've felt different, too, like I'm my real self. I know what you're saying."

"What am I supposed to do?" Thad asked Sue. "What about the house? What about all of your stuff?"

"Sell it." Sue replied. "You can keep the money. You deserve it. Get rid of the house and get a bachelor pad or stay living at dad's."

I saw dad and Thad stare into each other's eyes and then they both began a slow grin.

"I wouldn't do that. We still have our joint account." Thad told Sue. "I'll bank the money and that way if you need it or there's an emergency, it'll be there. It's pretty brave what you're doing."

"Could you hear what Thad just told Sue?" dad asked mom. "He told her that we'll leave things the way they are for the future and let the two of you see how things work out. If you want to come back or you need anything or if you just need to talk, we'll be here."

"Tell Brent I'll call him tonight and we can discuss all of this. I really thought you'd hit the roof."

"No, I think it's a chance for both of us to grow and stop being old fuddy-duddies." dad replied. "I'm glad you had the balls to confront it."

"Me, too." Thad told Sue. "We'll see how it goes."

Both Thad and dad disconnected and sat staring at each other.

"It looks like we're all three bachelors." dad said and burst out laughing. "Now, who feels like sucking my dick?"

Thad laughed too and turned to me.

"I will." he said.

"Good, I want to eat his hole out for a while." I replied.

"Looks like I'm going to really enjoy being an abandoned husband." dad said.