 I was desperate and horny, and with my best friend Hunter deciding to take the "straight road," I didn't see much hope of getting laid in the near future. Oh don't get me wrong, I'm not dancing far outside of the closet myself. I haven't gotten around to having one of those wrenching "Hi mom, I'm gay" moments yet, and I'm not sure I will, but I am gay.

Hunter's gay too if he'd just lighten up about it, but he's always been more conservative, with his short dark hair and his fast track career. He wants the wife and children in the suburbs. He wants the middle-class American success, and so he's always had more drive. 

That's why he's got a business degree and works at some fucking big conglomerate, while I'm spending my Friday night behind the counter of a video store with a boner in my pants that begs to be touched every time I remember Hunter's lean, naked figure under me, his eyes wide as I penetrate him, and his breath short as he approaches climax just from the feel of my cock slamming his prostate. I miss him.

My hand had actually slipped below the counter and squeezed my cock through my baggy jeans when the "bing-bong" warned me that someone had entered the nearly empty video store. I looked up from the magazine I was pretending to read and saw a head of dark hair over the racks starting at "A" in the new release DVDs. I checked the security monitor on that aisle and sharply drew in my breath.

It wasn't Hunter but he was long and lean, clean shaven and shiny. He might as well have been living three hundred miles away though, because I'd seen this guy in the store before with his all-American girlfriend, perky and energetic.

Blue eyes met mine between shelves, a casual glance that searched for more than movies. It set my heart beating and gave my waning hard-on new life. Did he just check me out? I looked to the security monitor and noticed something strange: he was only pretending to look at the movies; in reality his eyes kept drifting to that brown door at the back of the store, the one with the "ADULTS ONLY" sign above.

I held my breath as he turned at the back of the aisle. Did he have the balls to go where he really wanted to go? I watched in the black and white monitor as he looked left and right, checking to see if any other customers were about, then he ducked through that brown door like a thief on the move.

I just about fell off my stool because I moved so quickly to switch the monitor to the "Perverts Room" camera. There he was, alone and looking at the "Anal" shelf. Well that was a good start, but it could mean that all he wanted to do was to take his all-American girlfriend up the ass, but something in that first moment we had made eye contact told me this wasn't why he was cruising the porn. Sure enough, he moved down to the "Bi" racks. OK, now we're getting somewhere. Just a couple of more steps.  

The DVD hit the counter, and I just about jumped out of my pants. A customer who should be out jogging rather than movie watching had come up unawares and dropped a DVD for rental. He had two days growth of beard and smelled of sweat and cigarettes. I ran through his card as fast as I could and escorted the guy to the door. He was my second last customer for the night and it was time to lock up--well, fifteen minutes early, actually, but whose counting.

I hurried through the empty store back to my counter and the security monitor. Yeah! Mr. Long and Lean was in the gay porn section! Better yet, his hand held his crotch, and his tongue licked his lips. Oh man, this guy was so gay! Now the big question: could he admit it? The girlfriend I'd seen him with before was hot--enough to get even me interested, so was he like Hunter, living the straight life and denying the churning in his balls?

The guy looked left and right, making sure no one was in the adult section with him, then he unzipped his jeans and reached in, hauling out a nice slim cock. His fingers made a tight "O" and hauled to the base, giving me a grainy view of a fat head before it disappeared on the up stroke. Six inches at least, maybe seven or eight; who could tell with the tails of his denim shirt obscuring my view on the little black and white TV?

I shuddered as my hand found my own cock. I didn't even remember unzipping I was so mesmerized watching this "straight guy" whacking in front of gay porn. That's when my heart sank. This guy was so in the closet that he wasn't even going to rent a gay movie, he was just going to touch himself in front of the DVD covers! Time to do something about this. I debated being blunt: Hi, can I suck your cock? Or maybe try being coy: hey, can you believe they can bend that way? 

I got off the stool and was about to tear my eyes from the TV when he did something unexpected: he grabbed a DVD from the shelf and opened it up. A knife came out of his pocket, and before I knew it he'd cut the security tag off the case. He was going to steal the DVD! Why that in the closet, frighten little fag!

The aisles blurred by as I rushed to the brown door, but I stopped in front and took a few deep breaths so I wouldn't look as flustered as I felt. I pushed open the door to the sound of scurrying feet and shuffling clothes.

He stood in front of the Big Boobs rack, his cheeks flushed and his right hand trembling. I took a few casual steps to bring me beside him, staring at the rack as if I too just wanted to see big tits. I let him feel me close for a moment, feel my eyes checking him out--his slender form, a thin bit of black chest hair showing at his collar. Finally, when he was taunt as a guitar string, I spoke.

"The question tonight, sir," I said, "Is whether I call the cops."

He bolted past me, shoving me into the rack and charging out the brown door. I rushed after him but didn't try to get too close. He had a knife after all and was pretty freaked. Besides, I had the keys for the front door; the lock needed keys on both sides.

He'd stopped with his back to the locked door, his eyes wide like a wild animal that's trapped. That made him dangerous so I approached cautiously.

"Let me out of here!" he shouted, his hand straying to the knife pocket but not reaching in. Good! As freaked out as he was, he wasn't stupid enough to threaten violence.

I knew what he was thinking: caught! Caught being gay! The DVD under his shirt was damning evidence of his true sexuality. The minor theft of a DVD didn't worry him, but his parents and girlfriend finding out what kind of DVD he'd stolen had him desperate.

"No one has to find out about this," I said, my hands palms out to try and calm him. "But you have to cooperate. You've been recorded stealing a DVD. I can erase that once we've sorted this mess out, but you're going to have to pay some kind of fine." I know what I had in mind, and it had nothing to do with money, but I wasn't going to just blackmail him. I wanted him to ask for it.

He reached for his wallet, squeezing it out of his hip pocket. "I'm sorry, dude," he said. "I'm not a thief, really, I just got carried away." He pulled out a few bills. "I'll buy it. double, triple what it costs." I could see him counting the bills and then giving up. Not much cash apparently. 

"Sir," I said, using my best store manager's voice. "I'm sure we can work out some alternate form of compensation, but I must search you now to ensure that you have no other store merchandise on your person."

He reached under his shirt and pulled the DVD from his pants. His stomach was so flat that the DVD hadn't even added girth to his waist. His jeans were also flat; fear had melted his hard-on. He held out the incriminating DVD, his eyes carefully avoiding the images of naked guys in sultry poses on the front, and worse, the legs-in-the-air with thrusting buttocks shots on the back.

"Just this," he said as I took the DVD. He spread his arms wide. "Go ahead and search me." His eyes were guiless; he still hadn't figured out that he'd been caught by a fellow traveler.

"Store regulations say that it must be a complete search conducted in private. Please come this way." I held out my hand to indicate that he should walk in front of me. I gave him gentle directions on the way. "Up the stairs, sir. Turn left, sir." He had a firm little butt.

We stopped in the stock room above the porn section, a low ceilinged space where I took my breaks and watched porn on a little TV. It wasn't spacious, but there were no windows, and I liked the ruggedness of the cinder block/breaker panel decoration. The metal shelving and low sprinkler system pipes always gave me bondage ideas too.

"Take off your shirt please, sir."

His eyes found mine for the first time since he'd been caught. They were wide and the lashes were long--truly beautiful. He saw that I wasn't kidding and reached up to that first button, undoing it with a swallow. He handed me the denim shirt and stood awkwardly, as if he didn't know what to do with his hands. I did.

"Store regulations require me to secure you while I conduct my investigation. I pulled a set of handcuffs off the shelf that I kept around in case Hunter popped by for a visit. "Please put your hands over your head."

He did so, but he was finally figuring out that I was full of shit. Our little video store had one policy regarding shoplifters: call the police and prosecute the offenders.

"Do...do I need a lawyer or something?"

I clicked the cuffs on one wrist. "Of course, sir, if you prefer I can cease my investigation and we can contact the police. They will allow you to call a lawyer." I paused to let all the ramifications sink in. "I thought you just wanted to keep this between us."

"Yeah, I guess," he whispered. "Anything you say. Just...just don't tell anybody."

He trembled as I pulled his wrist up with the cuffs. I guided his other wrist above the iron sprinkler pipe and clicked on the other side of the cuffs. He was now helpless with his hands restrained high over his head, stretching out his slim torso beautifully. I admired the thin chest hair in the cleft between his pecs; I couldn't grow chest hair to save my life, but I know that was one of the things Hunter loved about me.

I stepped in front of him and looked into those blue eyes. "You understand, sir, that I must do a complete search of your clothes and your person."

He nodded and looked down and then looked quickly at the breaker panel, as if he hoped that he could hide what he'd just seen and must feel. There was a significant bulge in his pants. I had him!

I knelt down in front of him at perfect cocksucking level and opened the top button of his jeans. His stomach was so smooth and beautiful, with a trail of thin hair guiding me from his belly button to his pubic hair. I slowly unzipped his fly, his breath hissing as my finger trailed the zipper to help push his hard-on out of the way. I grabbed the waist of his trousers, bunching in to make sure I had hand-fulls of boxers, and yanked down to his ankles.

His cock sprang free to full attention, over seven inches with a fat head! The cock wasn't as skinny as I had first thought; because the head was so big it made the rest of it look slim by comparison. My anus squeezed in anticipation.

By the time I'd eased each foot up to allow me to slip off his jeans, boxers and socks, he must have known that this was about sex. Why would I need to search his socks? I did need, however, to see him naked and helpless, and now that I had him I could hardly contain myself. I wanted to suck him; I wanted to shove my cock inside him; I wanted to bend over and feel that fat head forcing a path.

Instead I moved a chair around so that I could sit beside the TV facing him. I relaxed and looked him straight in the eye...well, it took a second because his eyes were glued to his own erection, his cheeks flaming with shame. He finally looked up at my eyes, and his were so full of despair that I wanted to get up and smother him with hugs. Our society is so awful to men like him.

I waited until we'd locked eyes for a good five seconds, then I let my eyes wander down his body, over those slim hips, past that nice bush and the beautiful erection, all the way down powerful legs to his bare feet. My pants were still unzipped, and I reached in to noisily adjust, letting my cock poke through and stand proud. I looked back up to his eyes and they were wide as possible.

"I'm not gay!" he said, an edge of panic to his voice.

"I'm sure you're good at fucking your cute little girlfriend if that's what you mean, but I've got exhibit A here. Let's see what you were so anxious to watch."

The DVD popped to scene selection and I picked one of my favorites. Hey, I'm gay and I work in a video store; of course I've seen them all at least twice! The DVD began to play and the voices of bad actors with beautiful bodies echoed off the cinder block.

"Bend over, pledge! It's time for your real initiation."

The cheesy music began. I watched my thief, who couldn't tear his eyes from the TV. If anything he was harder. On the TV a cute guy was bent over a table, his ankles bound to the legs, his hands "tied" to the tops of the far legs. One jock with an enormous prick was standing in front, shoving it down the guy's throat and pulling back so that we could see its glistening length before it buried back into the throat. Another guy, hunky and not unlike my thief in body type, was fucking the ass of the twink "pledge" with increasing speed. The bondage in the movie was just play. Mine was not.

"So if you're not gay," I said, rising to block my thief's view of the TV. "Then I guess you wouldn't find that movie interesting." I pressed my finger into the middle of his chest and held it there.

"I grabbed the wrong one. Please, can I go now?"

"So since you're not gay, then I guess you don't want me to suck your cock." As I spoke I drag my finger down over his belly button and grabbed his hard-on with a firm grip.

He gasped and shuddered. For a second I thought he'd come right then and there in my hand.

"Please," he whispered, his eyes fixed on the sight of his cock in my hand. "Please, I'm sure I'm not gay."

I dropped to my knees and stared at that cock and the shiny bead of precum on the head. "Then you won't like it if I do this!" I opened my mouth and shoved down, gorging myself on his cock, stretching my mouth wide so that I could get it all. I had to fight a gag reflex, had to fight tears the leaked from the corners of my eyes; it took me three mighty shoves before I felt my nose in his pubic hair, smelled the hint of soap from a recent shower.

All the time my thief was lost, shouting, "Oh my God, oh gees, I think I might...on no, I'm going to..."

I pulled off before he could cum because I knew once he shot I'd really have to let him go. He could barely handle this emotionally as it was, and once he'd cum he'd need to go home and cringe in shame. That's when I decided that I had to ease that time for him. He needed to really think about his sexuality. I'd have to be cruel to be kind.

I tried to look him in the eyes again, but his were fixed on his cock, shiny with my saliva. My jeans hit the floor and I kicked out of them. I yanked my shirt over my head and stood naked for a moment before I sat down, one hand stroking myself in time to the music from the TV. His eyes went there, and for a moment he watched the "pledge" take it from both ends, but his gaze dragged in my direction. He watched me stroke myself. He swallowed, looking like a man in the desert who has just discovered a glass of water.

"So here we are," I said, a shudder running through my body. I let go of my cock and placed my hands on the arms of the chair so that he'd have an unobstructed view of my slim figure.

"What are you going to do to me," he asked, his eyes glued to my cock.

"You've committed a property crime," I said. "If you accept me now as your judge and jury, we'll proceed with your trial and punishment right here in this room."

"I guess I don't have any choice." His eyes found mine, and instead of fear they showed anticipation. "You can do anything you want to me and I can't stop you." He rattled the cuffs on the pipe. "And I sure as hell won't report you."

"You'd like me to rape you?"

"No!" His cheeks flamed red. "I mean, you can if you want. I'm not saying I want it. I'm just saying you can do whatever you want to me as long as you promise not to tell anyone about...you know."

His eyes went to the TV. The pledge wasn't tied anymore, but he was in a room full of naked frat boys, all of them taking turns making him suck and fuck when they weren't busy doing each other. The orgy scene was in full swing.

"I'll need a full confession," I said.

"I stole the DVD. I'm sorry."

"That's not the confession I'm looking for." I touched myself, and that sensation made me draw a shuddering breath. I couldn't wait anymore.

"What's your name?" I asked.

"Gavin."

"Gavin, I hearby sentence you to making a full confession, which will be drawn out of you by as many lashes as required." I reached down to my jeans on the floor and yanked out my leather belt, laying it across my naked knees. "I further sentence you to perform every sex act that occurs on this stolen DVD. Do you accept this judgment?"

He licked his lips, his eyes now on the TV where pretty much every sex act I could imagine was going on a once, the scene reaching its "climax." Ropes of cum shot over the pledge's face in slow motion.

"So I'll have to suck your..." Gavin's eyes went to my cock, and I stroked it once just to hold his attention. "OK," he said far too quickly. "I'm your prisoner. Have your way with me." He trembled with excitement.

I stood and stepped close, my face inches from his, and grabbed his cock just to make him shudder. "Oh, Gavin. First you must confess your true sexuality. Beg to suck me."

"Oh, I'm not gay!" he squeaked. "But I'll suck you just cause I have too."

I stepped behind him and swung a mighty shot at those slim buns. He gasped and arch his buttocks away, for a moment yanking against his cuffs.

"Beg to suck me," I said again, caressing the buns with my free hand.

"I'll suck you, of course," he gasped, his eyes closed as he reveled in my touch.

"Beg to suck me."

The snap of my belt across his backside forced another full-body spasm from Gavin.

"I'll suck it! I promise. I'll do anything you ask!"

I gave him ten fast smacks, weaker than the first two, but building until he was screaming, "Please! stop! I'll do anything you want!"

I cupped his buttocks with both hands, massaging in the burning just the way Hunter used to for me. My lips nibbled on Gavin's earlobe, and my cock slide in his crack. Oh, the tip of my cock begged to bust his cherry right now, but I had to be patient. Timing was everything. "Beg to suck me," I whispered, my voice hoarse with desire.

He gasped as I ground against his bum, my hands now holding his hips so that I could mock fuck his crack. "Please, let me suck you," he whispered.

"What do you want to feel?"

"I want to feel your cock in my mouth. I want you to stretch my throat and fuck my mouth. I want to taste your cum." He took a shuddering breath. "Use me!" This he said with a hoarse gasp as my hands enveloped his cock.

"This will be a good first step towards your rehabilitation," I whispered as I stroked him. 

I found the keys and undid the cuffs, unable to contain myself any longer. His arms came down with a groan, and I massaged them for a moment as he stood staring at my cock. He reached out and started stroking it, so I leaned in to kiss him, but he turned his head away and let go of me. Damn! 

"Get on your knees!" Anger boiled in me. I know he wanted to kiss me, and I know he wants to fuck me, and I my patience ebbed as my desire grew. I needed to do something quick to bring back that patience so that I could continue his enlightenment.
