 (Hey my pups I hope you like chapter 3, all characters in here are 18 and + well I hope you enjoy comment if you want me to change something's or add a new character leave your email and if I like your idea I will definitely email you and put them in the story. There are errors here but there is more explanations about Jagger's mom and the way she is then there's some details about Alex and i hope you like it remember contact me if you think there's something that is to much or to little so email me please and help me out for chapter 4 don't make me beg my pups.) 

*

As I walked into the dining room I saw a huge group of people shouting "Happy birth day." And a banner that said happy 18th birth day and a huge nightmare before Christmas cake with the number 18 on the top and other nightmare before Christmas decorations. My eyes misted over with tears and I covered my mouth then saw Bruce cuddled up with hunter the brown hair hazel eye man and smiled hugging Bruce tightly. "Was this all your idea Bruce?" I asked.

He shook his head and smiled pointing to Alex. "No he came over yesterday and I was freaking out and asked where you where he told me what happened. I told him after a few hours of talking and told him it was your birth day so we set this up. We waited for you to wake up, you slept for 2 days we started getting worried."

I smiled and hugged Alex tightly crying softly kissing his cheek roughly. "Thank you so much...how did you know I liked nightmare before Christmas though?" Alex smiled and pointed to Bruce. 

"Bruce told me and hunter came back with a shit load of jack skeleton and nightmare stuff. I put the posters up on my wall and other things also to make our room homier" 

I smiled up at Alex and hugged him tightly. "Thank you I love it. It's the best birthday I've had in years."

"Even better then then last year when I took you to hooters?" Bruce said and I laughed nodding

"Dear god yes the girls kept on hugging me." I rubbed my chest and chuckled at the memory. "Some of them hooters where hard as rocks."

Alex laughed and hugged my waist from behind and introduced me to his 4 sisters, 3 brothers, 6 aunts, 8 uncles, 12 girl cousins, 19 boy cousins, his 2 grandmas and 2 grandpas including Alice Felix and Sparrow.

So many people and so many names I tried remembering them all. After the party ended I ended up getting a few CD's and a few other things and a key to the house. That was the greatest present I slipped it onto my key ring and heard a loud bang on the door Alex's mom went to answer it.

"No he isn't here Sarah." I heard Luna say 

I froze and stiffened my eyes filling with tears and slowly turned seeing my mom in the door way. 

She saw me and grinned motioning me to come over to her with her finger. "You come here now." she said.

I obeyed and walked over looking at my feet then felt a hand on my shoulder and looked up seeing Preston shaking his head then all the other right behind me glaring at my mom then felt Alex interlace my fingers with his. "you no longer have any control over him Miss. Roads he lives here now" I heard dean say over my shoulder. 

I looked up at him and cried silently and smiled wide. I take it back that was my favorite present. "R-really? You mean it?" dean nodded and smiled 

I looked over at my mom glaring at me and stormed over grabbing my hand and tried pulling me away. But I refused to move I pulled my hand away and stepped more closely to the people that actually cared about me. I felt their hands on my back, shoulders and arms showing me they cared no matter who or what I was. 

"No.....you never even cared about me did you? You only wanted me around to bully me....you never loved me did you?" I shook my head and looked around me at all the faces that looked back and smiled at me. "Do any of you mind that I'm gay? That I'm not very good at school or like to cook or read or even watch sappy romantic movies?" either they shook their head or mumbled "no" I looked at my mom and stepped forward.

"You hate that I'm gay that I cook and watch sappy movies like to....you hate that I wear tight cloths and like to go outside and walk around at night just to look at the moon, you hate me because I'm don't act like a true "man." You're not my mom you're ........your MEAN. YOU'RE HORRIBLE YOU JUST USE ME AS YOU'RE LITTLE PUNCHING BACK AND I HATE YOU." 

I saw my mom step back as I got closer and closer yelling louder about how I truly felt making my face a beet red and it felt good getting it out. "YOU SICKEN ME I HATE YOU GET OUT I NEVER WANT TO SEE YOU AGAIN. I'll come home to get the rest of my things"

I was panting at the end and turned around and hugged Alex. Everyone was staring at me wide eyed. I blushed an smiled at them and buried my face into Alex's chest.

"Alright....fine I'm going to cut you off completely you can pay your own bills you little fairy.....god your dad would be so disappointed in you if he know you were with this....this filth" that was the worst thing should could of possibly said. I turned around slowly and glared at her my eyes filled with pure anger. I stormed over and slapped her hard. "I actually told dad when I was 14 and he was perfectly okay with it just as long as I promised that I would save myself for the right man. Now get out the only filth in here is you "mother." I said threw gritted teeth."

I heard Alex start coughing out of nowhere and grinned knowing why but put on my innocent face and walked over to him seeing him bent over with one of his hands on the arm of one over the Victorian iron chairs with red velvet seats and back rests. I put my hand on his back and pouted innocently "Alex, honey why you coughing?" he waved his hand. I hid my smile but I saw Preston, hunter and Bruce grinning at me. They knew what I was doing and if grinned at them over Alex's shoulder. "Well you know that air it can be very deadly. I snickered and held back a laugh as he glared at me but knew he didn't mean it. "Okay sorry babe."

I smiled at Alex after he was done choking air. I turned back just as my mom left the house and looked at dean who was smiling at me.

I held Alex's hand and smiled softly at every one. "Hey dad I'd like to give Jagger his present in my room"

I looked up at Alex confused and smiled at everyone waving bye.

----Alex----

I gently pulled Jagger to my room and smiled at him softly sitting him on our bed and held his hand. "Listen ....I know we just met and this is going....so fucking fast." I paused looking for the words. 

"but I want you to be my mate I really really like you....I think I may even love you and when I saw what your mom did to you....I wanted to rip her apart." I saw the shock in his eyes and squeezed his hand. "Are you okay babe I know this must be scary for you I'm not going to hurt you I swear you can say no." 

I saw him shake his head a bit. "No no I want to be with you also I really like you I may even love you also but can I ask you a favor?" I nodded and smiled kissing his hands. "c-can I see you as a wolf again?" 

I changed and jumped onto the bed and licked his cheek.

I huffed softly as he hugged me and buried his face into my fur. He smiled at me and scratched behind my hear making me close my eyes and turn my head to the side a bit. 

----Jagger----

"You know my mom she was never that mean when my father was here. She used to be so nice until my dad and mom found out he had cancer. God I was horrible I used to run away and get drunk with my old friends denying anything was happening but when I got home one night my mom came over and started hitting me saying it was my entire fault. I just looked at her confused and asked her what she was talking about." 

I chuckled and laid back scratching Alex behind the ear. "She just stared at me and said that he was dead. That he died last night after his chemo and I just......I just I broke down for months and just let things happen. The beatings the verbal abuse I didn't give a shit." I chuckled and looked at Alex who had tears in his eyes and whined nuzzling my hand. "I'm sorry honey I was depressed but Bruce came over one time and saw me lying in bed and started yelling at me saying I need to get the fuck up and start living again instead of moping around and being a lazy ass hole."

I smiled at him and hugged his neck softly. "I'm sorry hon I didn't mean to say all this now I just thought you should know about me a bit more." I blushed and smiled softly at him and sat up as he started to change. 

----Alex---- 

I caressed Jagger's cheek softly and sighed. "I can tell you one thing for sure, it was not your fault not in the slightest you were a kid and you were confused and I doubt your dad blames you at all your mom is just a bitch maybe shell figure out one day that she was wrong and apologize." I smiled and kissed his cheek.

"Mind if we get to know each other a bit? I hardly know you." He blushed and looked down. 

I laughed softly and sat up pulling him into my lap holding him close. 

"Well my father is second in line to becoming the alpha my uncle is the alpha of our pack. His name is James he is 46 he will actually be here tomorrow night and he is the nicest guy. I like to rough house a lot and hang out outside and also sometimes like to read my birthday is October 30th and I like the color red I'm planning on trying out for football soon and my friends hunter and Preston are my oldest friends I know you'll love them. When I was 7 I came out to my parents and they didn't mind much...well they were sad that they wouldn't get any pups from me." I heard Jagger chuckle a bit and smiled down at him.

"Tell me what you were like as a kid. Tell me a happy memory." He said

I smiled and held him close to me rubbing his back as I thought for a few minutes. "When I was 18 I went to opal. It's the fay land you know about fairy's right?"

"HOLY FUCKING SHIT THERE'S FAIRY'S?" he yelled sitting up and stared ay me with wide eyes. 

I laughed and started nodding. "Well yea there's all kinds of us 'mystical creatures.' There aren't just were wolfs and vampires and witches there are some things that humans don't even know about."

I smiled as I saw hit eyes widen with every word I said and his eyes grow with curiosity. 

"Like what tell me!!!" he smiled widely and squirmed.

I smiled and leaned back against the head board. "there are fay, were wolf, vampire, half breeds that's where there half human half animals there, demons, angels, gods, pixies, goblins, trolls, brownies, gnomes, elf's and many other species there's even a few unknown species there things that are called Chucial they grow animal parts after they mate like wings or turn cat like or many other things and have powers over the elements and very rarely use their powers for evil I've only met one his name his Melyster he's half man and half tiger he has the fangs the strips everything but you can't see it unless you actually look at it but there rare. They're very powerful but very kind most of the time." I smiled down at Jagger who was looking up at me in wonder. 

"How do you know if your one of these Chucial?" he asked me.

"You don't it isn't inherited it isn't transferred it's simply given to a man or woman who is pure of heart and worthy of the gift." I replied and smiled softly.

"But you know when you mate does it happen during or after?" Jagger asked.

I laughed and looked into his eyes. "I don't know but don't you want me to finish my story?"

He blushed and nodded cuddling close to me. "Yes sir" he said sarcastically

"As I was saying when I was 18 I went to opal with my mother father and 5 brothers and 2 sister you already met the triplets Alice Felix and Sparrow. Well we were walking in the forest with my by younger brothers and sisters and sat in a patch of clovers and just laid down talking to the sprites and pixies. Then they started flying around and making me sneeze because of their pixie dust and I couldn't stop sneezing. My face must have turned red because my sisters and brothers couldn't stop laughing at me. Eventually I stopped and started laughing myself. Gods you would love the fay land it's beautiful. So much grass and trees no major buildings just a few housings, it's amazing." I smiled at him and nuzzled him softly.

"So we won't know if I am one if these Chucial till we mate right?" Jagger asked.

I blushed and looked away shrugging. 

"I guess you have a chance you have a pure and kind heart but being one of them is very hard. Evil will want you, to turn you into a curl person you will be in constant danger it will take years to control your powers." I replied

"Then let's find out my love." He leaned up and kissed me hard making me groan.

I kissed him hungrily holding him close and pressed hard against him my cock getting harder and harder by the moment. I could feel Jagger's cock start to harden and pressed against mine making me growl and grind hard against him. 

I ripped his shirt off quickly and took one of his nipples into my mouth biting it softly making his hips buck. I swirled my toung around it to sooth the sting and ground my cock hard against his ass licking my way down his stomach and chest dipping my toung into his belly button and watched him squirm and writhe a bit.

"oh god yes" I growled and looked at the bulge in his pants and slowly licked up his length then tugged them down and grinned seeing a wet spot in his briefs.

"Mmm god that's hot baby." I heard him whimper and grip my hair as he thrusts his hips grinding his cock against my mouth making me moan softly and pull the briefs off tossing them aside and stroke his cock softly. It had to be no shorter than 8 inches and 3 inches thick. I quickly sucked the head into my mouth and gripped Jagger's hips to keep them from bucking.

I loved hearing him moan I sucked harder slowly inching my way down till had all of him in my mouth. I hummed softly around it making Jagger squirm and arch his back and mumble softly.

----Jagger---

After the fourth time of getting me close to climax I yelled impatiently. "Dear gods fuck me please, I need you inside me."

I watched as he got the lube from the bed side table and coated his fingers slowly sliding the first one in. I hissed softly at the slight burn and closed my eyes.

"Relax baby and it won't hurt as much." he said.

After a few minutes he slid a second finger in and brushed against my prostate. "Oh fuck yes!! Do that again please!!" 

I saw him grin and began to circle my prostate sending my body on fire and my cock dripping precum making a pool in my navel.

I moaned a bit louder as I reached my climax but felt Alex remove his fingers and lean up licking the precum from my navel. Then coat his cock with the lube and press the head to my hole.

"This is going to hurt a bit so I'll go slow okay baby?" he said, I nodded and wrapped my arms around his neck kissing him hard as he slowly slid inside me. I dug my nails into his shoulders whimpering softly I bucked my hips as he brushed against my prostate stretching my hole.

I pulled back slowly and nipped his bottom lip as he pressed deep inside me to the hilt. 

"God you're so big baby" I moaned feeling him pull out slowly then push back in rubbing my prostate over making my cock twitch every time.

I lifted my hips meeting his thrusts so he would thrust faster. 

"Mm faster baby please." I begged scratching down his back softly kissing him hard. I felt Alex growl and grip my hips thrusting so much harder and faster. I threw my head back and moaned loudly bucking my hips hard.

----Alex---- 

It took everything I had not to cum after hearing him beg me to go faster. I gripped his hips tightly and rammed his tight hole hard and leaned down biting his neck roughly leaving bruise then lifted him into my lap sliding deeper inside him moaning softly. "God you're fucking tight." 

I growled softly thrusting harder biting his shoulder and moan gripping his hair tightly with one hand and used my free hand to stroke his cock. I heard him yell my name loudly and arch his back a bit as I clawed hard down his back leaving red marks. 

"Oh fuck Alex yes baby." he yelled my name loudly and came hard onto my chest.

I felt his hole tighten around my cock and gasped softly Cumming hard inside him and kissed him hard our teeth clicking together then fell back pulling Jagger with me but staying inside him. 

"Fuck that was amazing Alex" Jagger smiled up at me and kissed me gently then gently bit my chest making me laugh softly.

"Am I tasty?" I chuckled rubbing Jagger's back slowly tracing the scratches.

"mm very tasty" he smiled at me and nuzzled under my chin. I pulled the blanket over us and closed my eyes holding Jagger tightly

****

I woke up and saw Tyler staring at Jagger. I growled lowly and pulled Jagger to me tightly and looked Tyler right in the eye. "What are you doing in here?"

"Came to see if you marked him yet. I see that you haven't you know that you have too soon or he will be taken care of....I'll gladly do it for you though." Tyler grinned. 

I sat up and pulled on my boxers then pulled the blanket over Jagger then pulled Tyler out of my room and into the hall way "I'm doing it when he's ready I want it to be HIS choice. Also where testing to see if he's a Chucial."

"No it isn't he can't leave now that he knows you know what the alpha said either you bite him or you kill him. and what the fuck he cant be a Chucial there the rarest creatures of all what are the chances of him being one of them"

----Jagger----

I woke up and to an empty bed the space next to me was still warm so I wrapped the thin sheet around my waist and walked up the stairs to the door the sheet draping behind me. I heard muffled voices and pressed my ear to the door.

"I'm doing it when he's ready I want it to be HIS choice." I heard Alex say and smiled softly.

"No it isn't he can't leave now that he knows you know what the alpha said either you bite him or you kill him." I gasped and covered my mouth.

I pulled the door open and stared at Tyler then looked at Alex who was looking me up and down and licked his lips.

"I-is that true Alex?" I asked and started shaking as he nodded his head. 

I reached over for him and smiled softly as he held me close. I tilted my head and smiled at him softly as he nibbled my neck. I knew Tyler was there and I wanted to rub it in his face that I didn't care when he did it.

"I want you to bite me under a full moon under the stars. Is that okay?" I asked Alex

"It sounds perfect but were going to need to take about it I want to make sure you're absolutely okay with all of this."

I nodded and smiled gently biting his neck playfully. I looked over at Tyler and glared at him as I caught him looking at my ass. I pulled the blanket over my body so the only thing that wasn't covered was my neck grimacing softly at the sharp pain between my shoulder blades. 

"My eyes are up here ass hole" I pointed up and rolled my eyes and walked behind Alex wrapping the blanket around him so Tyler couldn't see his chest.....And so I could grind my hard cock against his ass.

"Hey guys what's going on?" I turned around and saw Preston and smiled widely. 

"Hey Presy!!!!" I smiled widely and pulled away from Alex and covered myself then hugged him tightly. Out of everyone besides Alex hunter and Preston where my favorite even though they weren't his family. I knew they would be my best friends.

"Well Tyler is being an ass hole and me and Alex set a date for me to be mated with him.'' 

I smiled and hugged Alex from behind again hearing Tyler growl. I was the same height as Tyler who was about 5,9 to Alex even 6 foot but Alex had a way bigger build he looked like a football player and was gunna be one next month.
