 CHAPTER 1

Like a lot of guys, I can't pinpoint exactly when it happened, but at some point in my life I started fantasizing about having sex with another man. Maybe it was always there.

As the years went by I enjoyed a varied sex life. My first live in girlfriend really liked to experiment. This was my first experience with anal sex. She seemed to enjoy it once we got going and the tightness was incredible, still I never thought about doing it with a guy. One time when I asked to fuck her ass she told me that it was two way street, and if it wanted to get into her ass, she would have to be allowed to get into mine. I didn't know what she meant by that until she pulled out a strap on dildo she had bought at a local adult store. I wasn't sure that the price was worth it, so I turned her down and settled for fucking her pussy.

The next day, the image of that dildo stayed in my head, and found it nestled in the bottom of her dresser drawer. I stripped down and pulled out a recent copy of Hustler and started imagining what it would be like to be the woman in the picture getting the cock rather than delivering it. I placed the head of the dildo on my virgin asshole and slowly pushed until the head broke through the outer muscle into my ass. I was surprised that it didn't really hurt that much, and after a little bit of slow movement I found it not only pleasing but one of the biggest turnons I have ever had. I shot a load of cum like never before and greedily licked it off my hands while slowing pulling the dildo from my ass.

Even with this, I never thought about replacing the dildo with a guy, and I never did let my girlfriend fuck me with it, either, although I wish now that I had. 

My next girlfriend was also an open minded girl concerning sex. One New Year's Eve I had a friend of mine from High School come to town for a visit. That night the three off us drank a little too much and Gloria started flirting with both of us. Bill looked at me and I just shrugged and said, "Let's go for it." She would suck one of us while the other fucked her. At one point she got brave enough to take us both into each hole, which was a thrill in itself and caused me to shoot a powerful load into her ass. (It was the first time I had actually fucked her in the ass and I got the honor because she didn't think she could possible fit Bill's 9-inch cock up there.)

During these two hours of sucking, fucking, resting and fucking some more, I never once came close to touching Bill's massive cock, and really didn't think much about doing so. Wish I knew then what I know now, that's for sure.

As time went by, I got married to a woman who was far from adventurous in the sex department. A few times I was able to sneak my finger into her ass while we were fucking, but that was all. She would suck my cock once in a while, but never to completion. Don't get me wrong, the sex was pretty good, and even great once in a while, just not adventurous.

Because of this, my masturbation time became the adventure time. I didn't buy a dildo, but I did get a large candle and carved it into the shape of a huge cock. I loved plowing that thing into my ass while beating off to my various porn pictures. My wife may have suspected something, but she never let on. Personally, I think she was just relieved that I wasn't coming after her for sex as much as I used to.

It was during this time that the internet started catching on as did on-line porn. I was never one to pay for the stuff, but I found a treasure trove of free material in the use groups. It was here that I found my first creampie pictures, and my first gay porn. I tried telling myself that I wasn't interested, but I still found myself downloading pictures of guys having sex. Still, I never really thought about doing this myself, and seldom came while looking at the gay pictures. I did, however, cum a lot when I looked at the creampie shots and often fantasized about licking the cum out of her pussy and wondering what it would taste like.

If all good things must come to an end, so do some bad things, including my marriage. Ten years was just about all I could take of her and her controlling ways, so I found myself on my own again for the first time in a decade.

Older, wiser but not so eager to tie myself down again, I took the opportunity to look for sexual adventures that I could not have while I was married. I found myself in the Internet Personals looking for available women in my area. The search didn't take long and soon I was enjoying some good sex with two different women in two different towns with no strings attached. It was during this time that I noticed that men also advertised themselves on the site seeking other men. "What the hell is that about," I wondered, and that is when the door finally opened and my years of wondering and fantasizing came together with the reality that I would love to find out what it would be like to have a real cock in my ass, to suck a cock for real and taste another man's cream. The awakening was about to begin.

CHAPTER 2

One thing I always strived for in many of my masturbation sessions was to re-create reality. For instance, I looked for things I could use that would more closely simulate a pussy, and found while the fake pussies at the adult book stores were close, they were sadly lacking. I purchased several different dildos hoping to get the real feel of a cock in my ass. The most bizarre thing I would do, though, was to re-create having a cock come in my mouth. To do this I would jack off and collect the cum in a small cup. I would then suck the cum into a small plastic syringe we had for giving medicine to the kids when they were babies. I bored out the center of a short, cock sized candle and fit the syringe into the candle. An hour or so later, I would start getting horny enough again to start jacking off, at which time I would start sucking my cum filled dildo, and at the right time I let it shoot off into my mouth. How realistic was this, I wouldn't know until much later, but it satisfied my cravings at the time.

With all of this activity, it wasn't long before I started looking at the men searching for men section of the personals. Soon, I got brave enough to post an ad myself, just to see what would happen. Soon some responses starting coming in, and then it hit me. Am I really going to go through with this? I mean, I had fantasized about it, but to actually do this was something else all together. I answered back to some of the replies, but nothing really happened. It was probably as much my fault because I wasn't sure I wanted it to happen. I mean, I did, but I was scared to death as well and just could imagine myself doing something like this. 

I haven't really described myself through all this because there isn't that much to describe. I'm not ugly by any means, but I'm not the kind of guy that will end up on the cover of a magazine either. Through the years I have picked up too much extra weight and have less and less time available to work it off. Cock wise, I'm incredibly average. About six inches long and average girth. I have a nice head, I think, but again nothing to write home about. When I come, it doesn't shoot across the room, but rather dribbles out across my hand, and I don't cum in buckets, but barely enough to fill that syringe I told you about earlier. I considered myself a man's man interested in manly things like sports and cars and never acted anything close to gay. So you can see why I might have fantasized about it, but could never imagine myself doing anything about the fantasies.

But then came Steve. Steve answered my ad with just about every right word there could be. First of all, he was married and was an out of town consultant for a local company. That was good because I am fairly well know in this little town I'm in and didn't want to take the chance of having a fling with a local guy only to have it broadcast around town that I was a closet gay.

Steve happened to be in town that week and wrote to me that if I was interested I could come to his room at one of the local hotels that night. I looked at the room number for several minutes wondering if I would actually take him up on his offer or get cold feet. I tried imagining what it was going to be like, knocking on the hotel door, having him answer and then what? That's what was always the hard part for me to imagine, what would that first face to face meeting be like?

That evening, I decided, I was going to find out. I had fantasized about this long enough. It was time to answer the challenge and find out if all of my dreams were true. 

My hands were shaking when I knocked on the door. The man that answered was a little shorter than me, and stockier of build, but not too bad looking as guys go. "Are you Will?" he asked. "Steve?" I replied. He nodded yes and opened the door for me to enter. I don't know what I was expecting, but he was fully clothed and easy going. I think he sensed my nervousness right away and he assured me that he was willing to go as slow as I needed, and that nothing had to happen at all of that was what I wanted.

We sat down on one of the beds and made some small talk. The phone rang. It was his wife just checking on him to see if he had gotten settled in. It was a short conversation. He said she was a good woman, but rather cold in bed. I asked how he developed this desire to have sex with men. He said his older brother and his friend would make him suck them when they were teenagers, and once even fucked him in the ass. They thought they were being mean to him, but he actually liked it. He couldn't let them know that, so he pretended to struggle and protested every time they "forced" him to have sex.

But, like many of us, he loved being women more. He went a number of years without having sex with another man again, but something inside him kept that urge for man sex alive. Like me, it was then that he turned to the personals. He had one other guy that he was having sex with in his hometown. He was also married and looking for man sex on the side. I told him that I had never been with another man before and he asked me what I wanted to do. "I want to find out what a cock feels like in my mouth," was all I could say.

With that, he stood up and lowered his pants exposing a cock that wasn't much different than my own. "Do you want to start with mine?" he asked. Without another word I found myself dropping to me knees with his cock now just inches from my face.

CHAPTER THREE

Like I said before, I have never touched another man's cock. I figured it wouldn't be much different than touching my own, but I was dead wrong. The only way I can explain it is the fact that when we touch ourselves we are actually feeling more through our cocks than our hands. I never really stopped to actually feel my own cock, I just let my lower brain take over and do all the feeling. This was entirely different. Yes, kind of rubbery in a way but with an underlying texture of steel. It was hard and he was ready for me to do anything I wanted. 

I circled my hand just below the head at the circumcision line like I do my own and slowly pulled the skin up over the head, reveling in the touch, the texture and feel. His cock was the same length as mine, but it was a little thicker. I could tell that when I wrapped my hand around it for the first time.

"That's nice," he sighed, as I started a slow jacking off of his wonderful smooth cock. But to taste it. That was why I had come in the first place. Here I was, face to face with my first cock. As I slowly pulled up on the shaft a drop of precum formed in the eye. This was my chance. Without even thinking I flicked out my tongue and drew the precum into my mouth. "Nice," I said. "It's different than mine, but good."

I then took the plunge. Holding his cock straight out I slowly placed the head into my mouth. Incredible. That's all I could think. This was the most fabulous thing I had ever done. I could feel the heat coming off his cock and feel the smoothness of the head as I swiped my tongue all around it. I must have been doing something right because Steve was starting to moan now.

Eager for more, I eased his cock into my mouth. Again, I reveled at the feel of this shaft of flesh, soft and smooth yet ramrod stiff underneath. At first I did a few quick bobs with my mouth getting just a couple of inches past the mushroom shaped head into my eager mouth. This was my first cocksucking experience and I wanted to take my time and relish the taste and the feel. While I was sucking on the head of Steve's cock I would swirl my tongue around it and flick along the bottom of his shaft just behind the head. "Mmmm. Just keep doing what you're doing. This is great," Steve muttered. 

With this encouragement I started taking more and more of his cock into my mouth. I have a poor gag reflex so I wasn't sure how much of his cock I would be able to take in. As the head probed the back of my mouth I relaxed the best I could and felt it slip effortlessly into my throat with his balls now nestling against my chin. I held it there for several seconds as I continued to run my tongue along the bottom side of his fat cock. I couldn't believe it. Not only was I finally sucking a cock, but I was deepthroating one as well!

Steve was reduced to simple moans and groans at this point as I started working his cock in and out of my mouth. Having to take a breath, I pulled his cock out and started licking up and down the shaft, once again marveling at the texture and how similar his cock was to mine. As I kept jacking his cock off I turned my attention to his huge balls. This is where we were completely different. As I have said, I am incredibly average, and my balls are no different, but his were gems to behold. One sack alone would have equaled both of mine. I never really thought of a man's balls before, it was always the cock that captured my attention, but these beauties demanded some attention.

With my free hand I started slowly massaging his sack while flicking at his balls with my tongue. "Suck them, please," Steve sighed placing his hands on the back of my head for encouragement. I took one ball into my mouth and gently washed it with my tongue. It was incredible, and I knew then that I had total control of this man who was now moving his cock in my hand eager for release.

"These are huge," I said in between licks. 

"Thanks," he said breathlessly. "I'm a pretty big cummer, especially on my first shoot. I don't think you'll want to try to take it in your mouth."

"Your first shoot? How many times can you cum?"

"Usually twice, but sometimes three times, and once I even came four times at the end of a long night with my wife when we first got married. She hates the taste of cum and can't stand how much I produce. That's why we don't have sex that much anymore."

"Well that won't be a problem for me because that's why I'm here, so you just blast away," I said as a returned my attention to his cock head.

"What about you? Let me give you a rest and suck on your cock for a while."

Holding his cock like a trophy before my waiting mouth I didn't even bother to look up and said, "Not right now. I'm not a multi-cummer. Once I shoot, it's over for me, so let me take care of you first and we'll see what happens next."

With that I lowered my head back to his cock and started sucking harder and than I had before. I soon fell into a good rhythm keeping my hand around his shaft right below my mouth allow me to suck and jack him off at the same time.

"Oh, God. If you keep doing that I'm going to shoot in your mouth, and I mean it," he moaned.

All I could do was hum OK because I didn't want to lose the timing I had set up that was getting him so close to cumming. What was I doing? Did I really want this guy to cum in my mouth? Sure I had played at it, but this was for real. I didn't have much time to think more about it because Steve started grunting now and his legs were stiffening getting ready to blow his load into my mouth. I know some say they can feel the cock expand in their mouth, but I really couldn't tell the difference. The key sign to me was Steve starting to thrust his cock into my mouth and grabbing the back of my head in a more aggressive way. I knew then that I didn't have much of a choice. This guy was going to cum in my mouth and I was only there for the ride.

Again, I wasn't sure what to expect. I didn't know if I would feel this huge jet of cum coat the back of my throat or simply feel his cum dribble onto my awaiting tongue. I had just got that thought into my head when Steve gave one final thrust and his cock twitched in my hand. The first shot hit the back my throat like a warm spray of juice. I instantly swallowed not know how much of his seed I was going to receive.

"Oh my, God! Fuck, fuck, fuck," he muttered as the second third and fourth pulses sprayed my tonsils and filled the back of my mouth. Once again I swallowed and returned to sucking on his cock to get all of his sperm into my mouth. With the next jet of cum Steve had pulled his cock back leaving only the head in my mouth. This allowed the remaining streams of cum to land squarely on my tongue and allowed me to relish the taste for the first time. Yes, it was salty, but not too much so. It certainly tasted different than my own cum, and it seemed to be a little thicker too. I held his cock in my mouth as he finished and swallowed his last load.

Steve slowly withdrew his cock from my mouth breathing heavily. "Holy shit. That was probably one of the best blow jobs I have ever had. Are you sure you've never done that before?"

"Never," I answered as I continued to slowly jerk his cock off with my hand, licking up the last of the cum from his cock and my hand. "But I do know one thing. I will definitely do this again."

"I hope so," he said. "And I hope you do it with me because that was fantastic. I can't remember the last time I had someone take my whole load, especially from my first cum. Shit. That was simply awesome."

Smiling, I looked at the softening cock in my hand and kissed it again thinking about how good it felt in my mouth and how great the feeling was when that warm cum filled my mouth and slid down my throat. "Any time," I said, "any time." 

CHAPTER 4

With his first cum out of the way, it was now my turn. While Steve caught his breath and finished removing the rest of his clothes, I quickly shed my clothes displaying my own raging cock. 

Moving closer to the bed where Steve was now sitting, I positioned myself so he could easily lean over to suck my cock. Now, I've certainly had my fair share of blow jobs. Even my ex-wife would suck me once in a while, just not to completion. But this was unlike any blow job I had ever had before. It was passionate, it was craving, it was almost demanding. Like me, Steve was saying, "I want you in my mouth. I want to taste your cum," unlike most women who will suck you only because it's expected.

After just a few minutes I had to pull him off. "You have to stop," I moaned, "or else I'm going to cum."

"What's wrong with that? I want to taste you," Steve answered.

"You don't understand. I'm not like you. I was serious before. When I cum, that's it, it's all over and I mean completely. I lose all my sex drive completely and can't guarantee when I'll be charged up enough to do it again."

"Wow. That must be tough."

"I never really thought so until now," I laughed. "But look at you. Up and ready for some more action."

"I'm always ready for some action, what's next?"

"How about this?" And without another word I pushed him on his back and scrambled on top of him. Looking down at his glistening cock I took the shaft in my hand and positioned my ass above his ramrod cock.

"Are you sure?" he asked.
