 My lover, a handsome brown haired man named Johnny, pushed me into the bedroom. He had me sit on the edge of the bed, all while running his soft hands over my body. I felt him rub my cock through the fabric of my pants, and I groaned. He fell to his knees, unbuttoned my jeans, tugged at the edge of my pants, and quickly they were removed entirely. He reached out and rubbed my hardened length trough the thin fabric of my boxers. I gave a grunt of pleasure as he massaged it slowly. He looked up at me and grinned mischievously before pulling my boxers down.

Johnny wrapped his hand around the base of my dick and began to pump up and down. I shuddered at the warmth of his hand. He stopped, leaned his head in, and blew on the purpled head. "Enough," I muttered quietly. I gave him a hard look. "Stop fooling around. Do it."

"Whatever you say, baby," he whispered in a sultry voice. He flicked his tongue out and licked the tip of my penis, lapping up the drop of precum that was on my weeping tip. He pushed my cock up slightly, and licked me from the base to the very tip. I groaned in pleasure. When he reached the tip, he wrapped his mouth around just the head of my member. He placed a hand on my balls and massaged them gently, and then lowered his head until he had covered my penis as completely as he could.

The heat of his mouth was like a furnace. He was so hot and so warm; I resisted the urge to buck my hips hard into his mouth. Then, slowly, far too slowly for my tastes, he began to move his head up and down, covering my cock in saliva. He quickly increased the rate of his bobbing, moving up and down my length with speed. His approach to sucking cock was very animated - he didn't just move up and down, he twisted his mouth as well, which was much more pleasurable.

Consumed with lust, I grabbed the back of his head and began to rock my hips slowly. He stopped moving his head and let me facefuck him. He was entirely too good - he knew how to deep throat, and didn't gag as the tip of my cock hit the back of his throat again and again.

I felt the pressure build up in my cock - there, in my balls, then moving up into the base of my cock. "Johnny," I grunted, "I'm gonna come. What do you-" I groaned loudly. "Can I come on you...?" He nodded slightly. I felt my pleasure increase; I liked to come on his face. It was dirtier, naughtier, and in my opinion, sexier - but he usually didn't let me.

My thrusts increased in rapidity, and I felt myself nearing orgasm. "Ah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna come -!" I thrust hard one final time before pulling out from the heat of his mouth and jerking myself quickly.

My seed sputtered forth. A thin line of the white stickiness hit his cheek; he opened his mouth and I shot my load into his mouth. Almost spent, the last spurt of my ejaculation fell onto his chest.

I exhaled heavily. I hadn't realized I'd been holding my breath. I looked down at him, at my Johnny, covered in my pearly ejaculate. He swallowed what I had shot into his mouth before looking up at me and smiling.

He stood up. "If you'll excuse me, I've got to go...clean up." He gave a sexy, naughty grin. He moved close to me and whispered into my ear, "And when I get back, get ready for some action." He grabbed my butt and gave it a squeeze.

"I can hardly wait," I murmured back. Johnny moved off to the bathroom and closed the door behind him.

I jumped onto the bed, resting on it. I knew exactly what Johnny had in store; we had gone through this routine a number of times. After giving me a blowjob, he'd come back, lube in hand, rub some on his dick and my asshole, and then fuck me, hard and fast. I shivered in anticipation. I took deep breaths, trying to get ready, as well as recover from the intense orgasm he'd just given me.

After a few minutes, Johnny returned, and sure enough, a bottle of AstroGlide was in his hands. I got on all fours and waggled my ass in the air suggestively. With a growl he leapt onto the bed.

He squeezed out the lube onto one hand. He rubbed some onto the weeping head of his dick before placing two lube-covered fingers on my asshole. I clenched up initially at the coldness, but then let him push his fingers into me. I moaned as I felt him cover me in the gel, stretching me, preparing me...

Suddenly, he pulled his hands away. I looked over my shoulder and gave a pout of disapproval, but he just shook his head. "Sorry, lover, I'm not in the mood for foreplay tonight." He capped the bottle shut and discarded it over the side of the mattress. He then reached forwards, grabbed my hips, and guided himself towards my anus.

I shivered as I felt the tip brush my hole; he pushed slightly, and he entered me slowly. He pushed and pushed and pushed until he was all the way in.

I gasped in pleasure. I told him, from the first time we had sex, that he had the largest cock I'd ever seen: over eight inches, and quite fat too. His length was so warm, filling me to the brim.

He pulled out slightly before pushing back in. He repeated this process again and again - pulling out, pushing in - until he had built up speed and was slamming into me fast.

He gripped my hips hard. "You like that, huh?" he grunted out, in between thrusts. He always liked to talk dirty when he fucked me. "You fucked my mouth, but - uh! Now I fuck your ass. You like that? You like it when I fuck your tight little ass?" He thrust harder and harder.

"Oh yes..." I groaned. He was hitting my g-spot over and over. "Oh God! Fuck my ass, fuck my ass..." I moaned to him.

He slapped my ass. "Yeah, you like that...oh, you like that. Uh!" He pounded me relentlessly, fucking me as hard as he could. I heard the sound of flesh hitting flesh. I thrust back against him, trying to drive him even deeper into me. I felt myself nearing another orgasm. I reached a hand up and began stroking my member while he pounded my ass.

"Ah, shit, baby!" he cried. "I'm gonna come!"

"Come in my ass, Johnny, come in my ass!" I called at him.

"Ah! Here it is! You want my load?"

"Yes!"

"Here it is!" He thrust twice more before he spurted into me. I felt the heat of it - of his come - flow into me, fill me up, spill over the sides of my asshole - and I was pushed to orgasm as well. I jerked myself quickly, and with a cry of pleasure, came hard, covering my hand and the bed sheets with semen.

My knees buckled, and I collapsed. Johnny fell on top of me, still inside me. "Leave it in," I whispered to him. "It feels nice."

Johnny groaned. "Whatever you say, doll." He smiled at me over my shoulder. "I love you."

"I love you too."

We both fell asleep.