 Hello, readers,

Sorry I've been MIA. Its getting near the end of the semester and needless to say its been a while since I've had time to write. For those of you waiting for the next installment of College Days, expect it around Christmas.

Love always,

kitten2010

**************************************

Hektor woke feeling sore and heavy. Alarm rushed through him, all too familiar, at finding himself alone in his bed. He stumbled to his feet, reaching for the nearest weapon. He rushed into the hall like a madman and turned threateningly at the first sound he heard, raising his sword.

Glass shattered and Gir scrambled away. It took Hektor a moment to register what had happened. He dropped his weapon and knelt down, pulling Gir away from the shattered mess of a meal on a tray before he cut himself trying to clean.

Gir jumped at Hektor's touch and started to speak frantically. "I'm sorry! I-I didn't think...I wanted...I'm sorry..."

Hektor gently wiped the tears from Gir's pale cheeks and kissed the warm skin of his forehead. The large man ran his fingers through Gir's snowy hair. He was careful, always careful. Gir was fragile like the porcelain dishes that had just been shattered and Hektor had to constantly remind himself to be gentle.

"You frightened me," Hektor said in a low tone.

"Hektor, I'm sorry. I just w-w-wanted to bring you b-br-breakfa-fa...food."

Hektor smiled and held Gir's slim body closer to his chest. "I did not like awakening without you next to me. After yesterday's events, I'm sure you understand why."

Gir shuddered at the memory, pressing his cheek over Hektor's heart. He whimpered and started to quiver.

Hektor felt a pull in his chest, an overwhelming need to protect Gir. One thing he was certain of was that they could not remain in his manor near the Capitol. He took Gir by the hand and led him to the parlor. He found that sitting in the room surrounded by his books helped him think and he needed to act quickly.

Hektor set Gir on the couch and slumped into his favorite chair by the fire. Hektor decided it was safest to assume that everyone would betray them. After all, the vampire was probably capable of extracting information from anyone. Hektor knew he would have to plant false leads and lies everywhere.

A small meow preceded a mangy looking cat. Hektor grunted in frustration. He had told the cook a thousand times not to let those flea bitten creatures in the house. Gir squealed in delight and slid to the floor. The animal rubbed against him and purred. "Hektor, look!"

"Hush, Gir," Hektor snapped, and then immediately felt apologetic. "I'm sorry." He reached out and patted Gir on the head. Gir accepted his apology with a smile and scooped up the cat before sitting down at Hektor's feet.

Surprisingly, the feral cat did not protest to being hugged and cuddled. Hektor idly watched Gir's interaction with the feline as his mind worked out a plan. Gir wrinkled his nose and sneezed which made Hektor smile. He stood and held his hand out for Gir. "Alright, put that thing outside."

Gir kissed the cat on the top of its head. "Its my friend," he said softly.

Hektor sighed. "Go ask the cook to help you feed your friend then."

Gir scampered off delightedly and Hektor shook his head. He stretched and let out a low, frustrated groan. He stood with his feet shoulder width apart and hands clasped behind his back. Finally, he formulated a plan. He yanked a red velvet rope, triggering the bells located all over his estate that would call his employees immediately to him.

He instructed them to wait in the hall and come in one by one to receive their tasks.

The first was instructed to have a tailor make clothing suitable for a hot climate, ready the next day, no matter the cost. 

The second was sent to request cold weather clothing from the other tailor in town with the same instructions regarding time and money. 

The third was to pack a portion of Hektor's belongings and send them to his southern estate. 

The forth would take another portion of Hektor's belonging to his home on the coast. 

The fifth was sent to Hektor's employer, firstly to deliver Hektor's resignation and secondly to bribe him not to let anyone know of this and to mobilize his army anywhere he desired.

Hektor continued in this way, forbidding every servant to discuss their task with anyone and sending each to do a chore that hinted to every possible destination until he had run out of servants.

He went to the kitchen to find Gir on his hands and knees on the floor, bottom in the air, at eye level with the cat that was drinking milk from a saucer. Desire hit him and he knew he had to find a release.

"Gir, come with me," Hektor said.

Gir jumped in surprise and scrambled to his feet.

"Leave the cat," Hektor said, noticing that Gir was reaching for the animal.

Hektor took Gir by the hand and led the way to the bedroom. Gir stumbled along, trying and failing to match Hektor's much longer strides.

Hektor closed the door and pulled Gir close to him, inhaling his sweet scent before pressing their lips together. Gir squeaked in surprise but did not resist as Hektor's tongue slid into his mouth. Hektor's hand rested firmly on Gir's lower back, pressing the slender, soft body against his hard muscles.

Gir pulled away from the kiss, but kept his body pressed close to Hektor's. He sighed and looked up at Hektor. His multi-colored eyes both sparkled with desire; the stormy grey and emerald green enchanting as always.

Hektor led Gir to the bed. "Lay down," he said.

"H-Hektor...what..."

Hektor knelt down and started to strip away Gir's clothes. "I'm going to do something that will be very relaxing. You may ask me to stop at anytime and I promise I will. I assure you though, you won't want me to stop."

Gir bit his bottom lip and the moment his last stitch of clothing was removed he laid down on his stomach.

Hektor started to gently massage Gir's shoulders, feeling the tension fade away. Hektor had to concentrate on each act, careful not to apply too much force. He moved to the base of Gir's wings, feeling he owed that particular area attention because of the fading bruises there. Hektor studied the area, noting the black velvet that covered the areas closest to the place where wing met back. With one finger, he touched the spot. It was soft as he had guess.

Gir whimpered. At first Hektor was worried that he would be asked to stop, but it was not a sound of fear. Gir's eyes were shut tight, his teeth pressed to his bottom lip. Clutching handfuls of the bedspread, Gir made tiny humping movements with his hips. Hektor shifted his position so that he could kiss the patches of velvety skin while one hand trailed down Gir's back.

Gir sighed and made a soft, musical sound. Hektor gave one perfect globe a light squeeze and wetted his finger in his mouth to trail it over the tight, virginal hole. Gir shivered with anticipation. Hektor moved again, now kneeling on the floor beside the bed and reaching up to spread the firm cheeks apart. He sighed in appreciation of the pink rosebud in front of him.

The moment Hektor's tongue made contact, Gir's body seemed to be out of his control. He was panting and moaning and felt like his entire body was jerking with each new wave of sensation. The friction of his erection against the bedspread and Hektor's tongue teasing at a sensitive spot brought Gir to new heights of pleasure before again the amazing feeling shot through him and he shuddered, making sounds so alien to him that he wasn't even sure they came from his mouth.

Hektor stood and looked at the beautiful boy on his bed. He looked dazed, but very happy.

"Hektor..."

"Yes?"

"What is this?"

Hektor sat on the side of the bed. "What do you mean, Gir?"

Gir sat up and looked at the white, sticky substance on his thighs and stomach. "That thing....the thing you did just now...and before, you did it then too."

Hektor smiled and laughed a little. "That was an orgasm, Gir."

"Can I have more?"

Hektor's erection throbbed at that. "Yes, there will be plenty more."

"Do you have those too?"

Hektor stood and stripped off his shirt. "Yes, I do."

"Can...can I...um..."

Hektor removed his pants and sat on the bed again. Gir stared with his mouth slightly agape at the eight inches between Hektor's legs. He reached out timidly, pressing his finger to the head that was oozing pre-cum. Hektor took Gir's hand in his and guided him to grip the throbbing organ and then to slide his hand up and down.

Gir knelt on the floor to get a better view. Hektor removed his hand and watched as Gir slowly jacked him. Gir watched every movement, fascinated by Hektor's cock. It was much larger than his own and strangely beautiful, hard and yet velvety and surrounded at the base by curly rust colored hair.

"What do I do now, Hektor?" he whispered.

Hektor patted Gir's head. "Lick it. All over," he instructed.

Gir obeyed, timidly at first. A glob of salty pre-cum coated his tongue. He liked the taste. He wanted more. He took the head into his mouth and ran his tongue over it, searching for that taste. He sucked lightly, trying to entice more of it.

Hektor gasped and watched Gir's experimentations. As he sucked on Hektor's cock, Gir started to toy with Hektor's balls. At first he just held the heavy orbs in his small hand, but soon he began to massage them and the sensitive patch of skin behind them. Hektor moaned and Gir backed away in surprise.

"Did I do something wrong?" he asked.

"No. You did everything right."

Gir started to suck the head of Hektor's cock again, teasing with his tongue. Hektor put a hand behind Gir's head and coaxed him in to taking more of it into his mouth and then gently guiding him into a bobbing motion. Gir responded enthusiastically and as Hektor moaned Gir made his own musical sounds of pleasure that sent delicious vibrations through Hektor's body. The sensation brought him over the edge and he had only a few moments to pull his cock out of Gir's mouth. Rope after rope of white semen coated Gir's chin and chest. As a half-titan, Hektor ejaculated much more than the average human.

When the streams had subsided, Gir licked Hektor's cock clean and then looked up at him with a pout. "Hektor...more."

Hektor leaned forward and cleaned away the cum that coated Gir's chin with his first two fingers and Gir eagerly cleaned it away. The process was repeated until Gir's soft skin was completely clean.

Hektor hoisted Gir onto his lap and kissed his cheek. "I like that," Gir said softly. "I like you."

"I love you," Hektor said.

Gir turned and looked up at Hektor. "What is love?"

Hektor wrapped his arms tightly around Gir. "How do you feel right now, with me?"

Gir sighed. "Warm. Special. Dizzy."

"Are you happy?"

Gir giggled. "Yes."

"Well, that's love."

"Can we love again sometime?"

Hektor smiled. "We can love for the rest of our lives."