 Heaven on Earth: Chapter 5 There You Are

I woke up the next morning fairly early. I had to shower and get out to Brooklyn by 10. My arm was still around Brian’s waist when I woke up. I listened to the gentle sounds of his breathing until my alarm clock went off and I had to let go of him to turn it off. I thought for sure that my movement and the noise would wake him, but he kept on sleeping. I got out of the bed and stepped into the bathroom. 

When I was done ten minutes later, I went back into the bedroom where Brian was still sleeping. After putting on some clothes, I returned to the bathroom to brush my teeth and shave. Something looked odd about my neck when I began putting shaving cream on my face. I turned to both sides and noticed that I had hickeys. Not one, but twin hickeys, one on each side. And these weren’t small by any stretch of the imagination. It was pretty funny, actually, but at the same time, I didn’t know how I was going to cover them up when I went to work. It was the middle of July, so it wasn’t exactly turtleneck or scarf weather. 

Brian had rolled over onto his back, so I carefully sat on the bed next to him. I’m notorious for studying the way that people look, but I only get a chance when they don’t know that I’m looking. I feel embarrassed when someone finds out that I’m looking. And even though he was my boyfriend, my mother used to tell me that it wasn’t nice to stare. I never noticed before that Brian’s nose curled up a little at the tip. He would have been everyone’s boy next door, but he was too tall for that stereotype. His tan had deepened from the first time that I met him; he was much closer to my own complexion at this time of year. Those perfect lips of his were slightly parted as he slept. I couldn’t resist. I bent down and gave him a gentle good morning kiss. He didn’t respond. The man could sleep through almost anything. I did it again and his eyes slowly fluttered open.

“Hi,” he said.

“Hi, yourself. Were you planning on staying in bed the entire day, Sleeping Beauty?”

He yawned and stretched, sitting up and pulling himself out of the covers a little. “No, I was waiting for a handsome prince to rescue me. Looks like I got my wish.” 

I leaned forward and kissed him again. “I’m glad you decided to stay last night. I wish I could stay here, but I’ve got to get to work. Um, I can leave you my key so that you can sleep a little longer and I’ll pick it up from you later.”

“No, that’s okay. I’ll leave when you do. As if I need to sleep any longer. I’ve got to get ready for a seminar later today.”

“I’m sorry I took up so much of your time yetserday. I’ll admit that I got a little selfish.”

“Nonsense. I chose to stay. It’s my fault that I have to make up that work now.”

“Well, the least I can do is make breakfast, the one meal I can cook. Do you want anything? I was going to have scrambled eggs and coffee.”

“That sounds good to me. When do you have to leave?”

I stood up and walked towards the door as I talked. “In about forty minutes, there’s no rush. Did you want one egg or two?”

“Two.”

First, I started on the coffee, adding a lot of beans. It’s not coffee if it’s not strong coffee.  I started up the stove and cooked three eggs in a skillet. After I added the butter, salt, and pepper, I realized that I forgot to ask Brian if he liked cheese on his eggs. “Bri!” I shouted. There was no response from the bedroom. I couldn’t leave the eggs, so I decided to leave off the cheese. Better safe than sorry right? Once they were done, I spooned them onto separate plates. I set them out on the table and went into the bedroom wondering why Brian hadn’t responded. He had gone back under the covers and fallen asleep again. 

***

As expected, there was a lot of teasing at work about my hickeys. Most of the teens laughed and joked about me landing a wildcat. By the end of the day, I would have been happy never to hear another feline growling sound again. The next week went by very smoothly. Brian and I were able to spend a lot of time together in the evenings. He would finish whatever work he had as early as possible to make time for me. We went out to dinner at a couple of different restaurants, but Erica had been with us both times, so we had never had a real first date. He mentioned that to me, and I told him that the best idea would be to do something after my volunteer work stopped. At least that way I would be less tired in the evenings. We agreed to do something the Saturday after my last day. I was looking forward to it.

That Thursday, there was a whirlwind of things going on. My mother had called and told me that she and Uncle James were coming for a visit on that Sunday. Mom had never responded violently to homosexuality, but while we were kids, she made sure to lecture Maria and me about what was wrong with gay people: how they were sinners and they all had AIDS. It was up to us to teach ourselves differently later in life. I don’t think it was that my mom had anything against gay people, I just don’t think she ever made much of an effort to understand. Still, a dramatic confrontation was the last thing I needed with my mother, so I told Brian to lay low for the few days that they were going to be at my loft. 

Not that I had to ask much of Brian anyway. He understood why I wasn’t ready to tell my mother yet. I was feeling so good about our relationship. We hadn’t done anything sexual other than the one blowjob, but I could feel us getting closer and closer. Most nights one of us would stay at the other’s apartment and we would simply cuddle as we went to sleep. That was fine with me. If anything, that one sexual experience broke the ice and allowed us to be more open with each other. Neither of us felt that it absolutely had to be repeated, so we ignored it and got along fine without sex. Building a relationship without sex can be very fulfilling. If it’s a good relationship, and ours was, the ties seem to be even stronger because they aren’t based on going back to our rooms and fucking like rabbits every night. We were connected on more of an emotional level instead of a physical level. I had the feeling it was something that Brian needed after being single for so long. 

Like I said, Thursday was absolute chaos. After my mom called, Maria called me to say that Mark was going to be in New York for a couple of nights for a conference early the next week. I obviously knew why she was calling. She wanted Mark to stay with me instead of being at a hotel. Of course, I agreed and I told her that Mom and Uncle James were also going to be staying. We agreed that it was perfect for them all to be here at the same time. Loosely translated that gave my mother more people to divide her attention, which meant fewer headaches for me. 

Erica came down that evening to tell me she was going out of town.

“How long are you going to be gone?” I asked.

“It’s only going to be until next Wednesday. My oldest sister had a baby down in Nashville, so I’m gonna help her settle in and adjust for a few days. Our momma will take care of her after that.”

I openly laughed at her. “Momma?”

She slapped me across the back of the head. “I will not tolerate any sass, Mr. Alexander.” I still chuckled. “There is nothing wrong with having a different accent from most everyone else up here. What I was going to ask you is if you could water my plants, check to see if everything is ok up there, that sort of thing.”

“Sure, that won’t be a problem at all.” I thought for a moment before continuing. “But why didn’t you ask Brian to do this for you. I’m sure he knows more about the particular details of your apartment.”

“Brian is lazy, there ain’t nothin’ else to it.” She winked at me and turned to leave. “Sorry to drop by for such a short time, but I need to go ahead and pack so that I can get to the airport straight after work tomorrow. Oh, silly me, I almost forgot.” She tossed me the key to her apartment. “And I expect everything to be in perfect condition by the time I get back.”

“Yes ma’am,” I responded.

“Bye, hun.” “Bye, Erica.”

As I got up to close the door, I could hear Erica’s voice out in the hall saying “Hey.” The person she was talking to walked into my loft and planted a big, wet kiss on my lips. 

“Hey, baby.”

“Hey, Brian.” I reached up and pulled back a strand of his hair and smoothed it behind his ear. My fingers ran down from his ear to his face. I ran my finger across his bottom lip. He kissed it, I pulled it away, and kissed his lips again. 

“I think we hit a new stage in our relationship,” he said.

“How did you come to that conclusion?”

“You just fixed my hair. I’d say that means we’re getting pretty serious.” He put his hand on my right cheek and I nuzzled my face into his caress. This time, he put his finger on my lip, it was my turn to kiss his finger and then be kissed. 

“I won’t disagree with that,” I said with a smile. “What are you up to tonight?”

“I had some laundry to do, and I was wondering if you would like to join me downstairs.”

Brian and I both knew that the laundry room in the basement were not the best in the world, but the one advantage it had over a public laundry room was the privacy. Rarely anyone ever used it, so it was usually empty.

“And what exactly did you have in mind for us to be doing while we wait for the clothes to finish, Mr. Davis?”

“We’re both pretty smart guys. I’m sure we’ll think of something.”

“I’ll go grab my clothes and meet you down there,” I said.

“Great. See ya in a while.”

I went into the bedroom and changed into a pair of running shorts and a fairly tattered t-shirt since I needed to wash the clothes I was wearing. Once I had put the clothes in a sports bag and grabbed the detergent, I took the elevator downstairs to the basement.

Brian was putting the last of his loads into the machine. He looked up when I came in. “Well, fancy meeting you here, stranger.”

I rolled my eyes at his terrible joke, but it was more difficult to ignore the pouty face he made when I ignored him. When he looked at me like that, I couldn’t help but feel guilty. I gave an overly done laughing spell, complete with loud cackles and slaps on my knee. 

“Feel better?” I asked.

“Yes,” he said, his face instantly brightening up. I began putting my clothes into the machines. Brian came up behind me and put his arms around my waist. I rocked my hips back and forth while I put the quarters in and started up the loads.

A lot of people have a certain spot on their body that really gets them going. For some, it’s actually the clit or the prostate, but that’s for orgasm. I had a spot where my neck met my back that took me out of this world when it was touched the right way. Brian had found that spot last week when he hugged me and his hand slipped up and brushed it. I almost passed out from the shocks it sent through my body. 

That was exactly what Brian was doing to me then. With his arms still around me, he bent down and nipped at my neck. It was only a matter of time before I was moaning in pleasure, pressed up on the metal and clutching the sides of the washer. When Brian licked the back of my neck, that did me in.

“Stop,” I gasped.

“What?”

I freed myself from Brian and moved around to his back, putting him in the position that I was just in. I leaned in and nibbled on his earlobe. Brian had one of those spots, too. He gasped and reached around with one of his hands to stroke my hair as I continued my attack. After a minute or so, he spun around and looked at me lustfully with those cool, blue eyes of his that had turned hot with passion. 

“Evan, let’s go back to my place.”

“What about the clothes?” I asked.

“The machines are locked for the next 32 minutes. Look, I’ll set my watch for 27 minutes, that way we have time to get back down here. I need you now, though. Right now.”

So much for the sex free relationship. Well, it’s still possible to build a good relationship with sex. He pulled me by the hand and practically dragged me upstairs. We were alone in the elevator, so we kissed several times before getting to the third floor. God, he had me so hot at this point that I swear I would have gone anywhere with him. Brian fumbled with his key, trying to get the door open, and he almost broke it off the hinges when he finally opened it. The moment we were inside, we grabbed for each other and started kissing again. He took me by the hand and led me towards the bedroom. I didn’t know what he had in mind, but I didn’t care. Brian was the only thing I wanted. 

I think I surprised him when I pulled his shirt over his head, but I couldn’t tell because the instant his shirt was off, I started kissing his collar bone and chest. I was rewarded by deep groans that told me I was doing something right. I had never pleased a man before, but I figured that doing some of the things that I liked were bound to get a similar response out of Brian. When I took his left nipple into my mouth, he hissed loudly. After a few minutes of this and giving the other nipple the same treatment, I kissed a trail down his abs to the waist of his jeans. By this point I was kneeling, and as I looked up into Brian’s eyes, the look of excitement on his face was enough to make me explode. My hands were shaking as I unbuttoned his jeans and slid them down his legs. It was fairly obvious that there was a lot of pressure on his briefs. A large wet spot had formed on his underwear. It probably would have been fun to tease him for a while, but to be completely honest, I was so nervous that I didn’t really know what was going on. I practically yanked down his briefs and his cock sprung out and pointed straight at my face. I had never been this close to another man’s penis before. It wasn’t too unlike mine. His was a little shorter and a little thinner, but I was sure that it was definitely enough for me to handle. I looked up at him again, and he just smiled down at me.

He must have known how nervous I was because he said, “Just don’t use your teeth. You’ll be fine, baby.”

I used my lips to cover my teeth as I took the head into my mouth. It wasn’t bad. I pushed myself forward a little more and took about half of his length into my mouth before I gagged a little and pulled back. Brian put his hand on the back of my head and slowly guided me up and down the shaft. Based on blowjobs that I had received, I used my tongue to flick and massage him. I could tell it was good for him, but I wanted to bring him as much pleasure as he brought me. I moved myself forward again, this time taking more of him into my mouth and controlling my gag reflex. I kept sucking on him, moving up and down, up and down. Once I felt the head hit the back of my throat, I swallowed and took the rest of him into me. Both of us moaned, and my moaning caused my muscles to close in around his dick, making him moan even louder. My hands were around his back, caressing and stroking his ass as I steadied myself. Before long, I had to pull back a little and simply keep sucking on him. That must have been fine with Brian because soon he tapped my shoulder.

“Evan, I’m gonna cum. Pull off.”

I didn’t want to pull off. I wanted all of him. I kept licking and sucking until he cried out and shot a giant load in my mouth. I could taste his cum all over my mouth as I continued to milk him for everything that I was worth. I knew some girls complained about the taste, but it tasted fine to me. His knees were shaking, and he probably would have collapsed if I hadn’t still been holding on to him. I let his penis slip out of my wet mouth, but Brian was far from done. He pulled me up only to tackle me onto the bed. The instant I was done his mouth and hands were everywhere, kissing my face and pulling off my shorts. He rotated his body so that we were in a 69 position with his cock dangling in my face. I couldn’t believe he was still hard after his last orgasm, but I reached up and took him back into my mouth at the same time he ripped my boxers off and sucked in my dick all in one swift motion. We had a great time pleasuring each other, and it was taking all of my self-control to hold off on cumming too soon. I felt Brian pull off of me for a second and then go back to work licking me up and down. I quickly found out that he had moistened one of his fingers and was rubbing circles around my hole. Ass play was new to me, and I wasn’t too sure about what he was doing. I was about to release his cock and protest when he slid his finger deep inside of me, and all I could do was moan. Shortly after, he added a second finger, which only heightened my pleasure. It became really hard (no pun intended) to focus on sucking him when he was doing such a good job on me. I felt his fingers probing deeper and deeper, and suddenly, he hit something inside me that started my orgasm almost immediately. My reaction must have sent off a similar reaction inside him because we were both screaming as we simultaneously pumped our cum into each other’s mouth. His body fell limp on top of mine and we both lay there for a few minutes, gasping for breath and feeling absolutely wonderful. Brian got off of me and came up to lay his head next to mine on the bed.

“You’ve got talent, kid. Stick with me and you’ll go places,” said Brian.

I kissed his lips and tasted the remains of my cum. Only a few minutes had passed since my first taste of cum and I could already tell that I was going to like it. I’m sure we looked absolutely ravaged and ridiculous. His pants and briefs were still down around his ankles since he never bothered to kick them off, and my shirt and socks were still on with my shorts somewhere on the floor. Brian’s watch went off and we both jumped up and started pulling our clothes on to get back downstairs. 

We casually walked back into the laundry room as if we had never left and nothing had ever happened. Actually, we had made it back with one minute to spare.

“You don’t want to waste these precious few moments of our life do you?” I asked.

Brian knew exactly what I meant. He pulled me into a long kiss, only breaking contact when the machine buzzed at us. We transferred our clothes from the washers into the dryers and got those started. He looked at me innocently and said,

“Now what are we supposed to do in the hour that it takes for the clothes to dry?”

***

The last day at the community center wasn’t really a working day. Some of us stayed late on days earlier in the week and got everything finished up. Friday was a day for us all to be together one last time and relax. Since I hadn’t really made any close friends on the job, I didn’t have much of a reason to stay after saying goodbye to the few people that I had gotten to know. 

On the way home, I stopped by a liquor store and picked up the “Evan Special,” a nice personal bottle of vodka meant for one person, and one person only. I had to do something to celebrate the end of work. I also stopped at a deli and picked up some lunch for myself. I would have eaten with Brian, but he was down at Columbia in class. Eating alone was never any fun, but you get used to it. While I was cleaning up, Robert called to ask if I wanted to go to a club tonight with him and Steve. I hadn’t even talked to them since the last time we went out together, so they didn’t know that Brian and I were dating. Brian and I didn’t have any plans for that evening, so I didn’t see the harm in going. I wasn’t going to pick up any girls, so I decided to have a little fun going out, drinking, and possibly dancing. 

At around 10, I hadn’t talked to Brian even though I had called both his apartment and his cell phone. Robert and Steve were going to come over to my place at 11 and then head out to the clubs. It was so much easier and cheaper to drink before going out, so I started downing the vodka. I sat there watching TV and drinking alone until the phone rang. Hoping it was Brian, I hurriedly picked it up, but it was only Steve. He told me that he and Robert had changed their plans and decided not to go out. 
