 Chapter 7: Out of a Storybook

An astonished cry that was meant to be "Jane!" escaped my lips, but it was muffled by the tape over my mouth. She walked over to the bed where I could see her in a better light. I was still dizzy from being knocked out, but a closer look told me the truth. This was not Jane. Sure, it was the same long, flowing hair, the same warming eyes, even though those eyes now helped to transform her face into a twisted grin, the same figure that filled out her nightgown, but the mannerisms weren't the same. She didn't stand like Jane, she didn't move like Jane. And the way she looked at me, Jane had never, could never, look at me like that.

My eyes went from being wide to narrowed, from astonishment to scornful realization.

Laura, Jane's twin, caught the change and chuckled. "Tsk tsk tsk," she clucked her tongue, "Evan, is that any way to celebrate our reunion? I thought you would be happy to see me."

A low groan and my best attempt at thrashing around were my only responses. 

"Oh, don't try to escape. You'll only hurt yourself in the process. I made sure that these knots were secure enough to hold you. The only chance of getting them undone is to cut them. I wasn't a Girl Scout for no reason, you know."

What the fuck was this? Some sort of bondage fantasy that Laura was trying to live out? She reached out and began stroking my hair and face. I did my best to move away from her, but there was nowhere to go. 

As far as twins went, it was difficult to find two sisters who were less alike than Jane and Laura. A lot of that came from the fact that they didn't like being automatically categorized as stereotypical identical twins, so they worked their hardest to define separate identities. They both developed different interests: Jane did a lot of art and dance activities whereas Laura tried out more sporty things. They had different friends even in grade school, which is why Laura and I weren't as close. For a while, they both contemplated changing their appearances, but they never did since they both already were satisfied with the way they looked. This isn't to say that they weren't close because the truth is that they did love each other like sisters, but they each wanted to be her own person.

"Poor, poor Evan," she said. "I bet you don't even know what's going on? Well, I'm sure by now you can guess that I'm here on Jane's behalf." She leaned in close to me and whispered into my ear. "You hurt my sister, there is no way that I'm going to let you get away with that." She stood up and went to the foot of the bed and started again. What is it with villainous people finding the need to say everything that's on their minds? They never seem to shut up.

"I bet you don't even know what you've done." I couldn't say anything, so I simply waited for her to continue. "Jane didn't want to break up with you, you know. She saw the way things were headed with you and that fag over there. God knows why, but she gave up and let you go on to commit all sorts of crazy acts of sodomy." I tilted my head over to Brian. His head had dropped again and he seemed to be sleeping. Jane crossed over to him and yanked his head back. "Ah, ah," she said, "you need to see and hear every last word of this, you sick creep. How dare you try to ruin our family's happiness." Jane released Brian's head and turned back to me, but I was sure that she was keeping an eye on him to be sure that he was paying attention.

"Do you know that Jane tried to commit suicide after she broke up with you?" My eyes filled with horror as she continued. "She was so upset that she couldn't make things work with you that she tried jumping out of her window. Thankfully, I had come up for a visit and was able to stop her. I've had to stay in New York ever since worrying that the same thing could happen again." I shifted my eyes to Brian, who was still staring in our direction, but he was wiggling a little in his seat. Fortunately, Laura hadn't noticed. "Jane has never been this hurt since our dad died. And now I understand why. She considers you family, Evan. Your moving away from her, trying to break up our family, it was almost too much, it would have been too much for her to handle had I not saved her. Now it's my turn to save her again. You're going back to Jane, you're going to marry into our wholesome Catholic family so that she can be happy, and you're going to make my mother disgustingly happy with little Catholic grandkids running around."

Laura climbed onto the king-size bed, over my wide spread legs, and straddled my torso. "I'm going to show you the right way, the straight way, and when I'm done with you, you'll never want to go back to your boy toy over there. Of course, you're not going to be able to go back to him after he's dead, but I think I should keep him alive long enough to let him watch you enjoy this shouldn't I?" She leaned forward and whispered into my ear again. "You loved women once, you loved my sister once, I'll make you love her again." 

She crawled off of my torso and backed up to the space between my legs. She turned around and said to Brian, "You better make sure your queer eyes are locked onto every last moment of this or I'll make you suffer even more before you die." I could see Brian's icy eyes trying to burn their way right through her. If only that could have worked. He turned his hard stare on me. I didn't know what he was trying to communicate to me, but the look he was giving me caused me to shiver with fear. Did he think that I wanted this? That I didn't love him? No, he knew I did. That look was for something else. But for what? 

Laura focused her attention on me again. "Since you've made this easy for me by living all the way up here alone on the top floor, I don't think there's any worry of someone hearing you. Besides, I want your queer friend to hear how much you love this." She reached up and yanked the tape off of my mouth. I winced in pain, but I refused to say anything. I wasn't going to give her that satisfaction. I merely glared at her. It was all I could do. Her hand found my dick and began pumping it up and down. Next, she used her tongue to lick my balls and the base of my penis. When you're a 21 year old male, there's not much you can do to avoid arousal when someone is stroking your cock, no matter what the circumstances are. Despite my best efforts, she had me fully erect after sucking me. Laura pulled her nightgown up to reveal that she wasn't wearing any panties. She climbed back onto my torso and began to lower herself onto me. Her intention was definitely to have me enjoy what she was doing. Her fingers moved up my sides and tickled my stomach and nipples. When Laura had fully impaled herself on me, she let out a primal groan. I almost laughed out loud. What a good Catholic girl she was! There was no hymen for me to break. While she continued to tweak one of my nipples with one hand, she reached behind herself and fondled my balls with the other. Then she began to raise herself up and down, raping me. 

It must have been good for her because she came twice, grinding her clit into my pubic hair and bouncing up and down faster and faster on my cock. I was fighting the urge to cum and managed to hold off for some time, but I groaned in my resistance, which Laura misinterpreted as desire and worked herself harder. And then it happened, and there was nothing I could do to stop the course of nature. I came inside of her, and even though I made no noise, I slumped against the bed and exhaled in exhaustion. 

She lifted herself off of me and swung one leg over me so that she could slide off the bed. "Not bad, Evan. Take a breather, I'm going to get a drink, and then I'll be back for round two." She headed for the door but stopped herself before she left. "I almost forgot," she said in a sing-song voice. She pulled out some more duct tape from under the bed and put it over my mouth. "No talking, you two. Evan, you shouldn't want to associate with a fag like him anyway." 

As soon as she left, I fixed my eyes on Brian. I was trying to apologize to him using my eyes. He seemed to understand with a nod of his head, but then he began violently wriggling his feet and legs. From where I was, I could barely see, but I could see enough that he was beginning to get out of the rope that held him to the chair. Rubbing his bare leg against the rope time and time again must have been excrutiating, but he kept up the hard writhing until he heard Laura's footsteps in the hall again.  

She came back in holding a bottle of tequila and two glasses. "I thought that you could use a little relaxing, too. You're way too tense, Evan. Try loosening up and it'll feel that much better." I watched her pour a little more than a shot into each glass, and then she threw down hers. She pulled the tape off my mouth again and held the glass to my mouth. At least I was getting a shave out of this, right? Ok, ok, this was definitely not the time for jokes. I held my lips shut tight. Laura reached down and wrenched my balls, and I gasped at the sudden pain. She poured the tequila down my mouth and then brought her hand up from my balls to clamp my mouth shut. I still wouldn't swallow. She put down the glass and used her other hand to pinch my nose shut. I quickly swallowed, and she released me. I yawned and popped my ears that had gotten stopped up when I swallowed while my nose was held shut. "There," she said in a sickeningly sweet voice, "that wasn't so terrible. Don't you feel better now?"  Still, I didn't say anything and I don't think she expected me to. She walked over to Brian and said, "Did you like that, you little bitch? That's the way things are supposed to happen." I heard him moan under the tape on his mouth, and she just laughed. She crawled on top of me again and repeated the same process as before: getting me hard, and then riding me like a slut. 

After she repeated that two more times, I was almost entirely out of energy. Every time that I started to drift off, Laura would slap me awake. It was still dark outside, but the clock was turned away at an angle where I couldn't see it. Brian was still wide awake, and when Laura would take breaks, I saw that he had made some progress working with his restraints while Laura was pumping herself up and down on me with her back to Brian. Laura left the room again, mentioning something about making a snack for more energy. Even though I had shifted into an uncomfortable position and the knots around my wrists and ankles were beginning to make my hands and feet tingle with numbness, I laid my head back and felt myself start to fall asleep. A groan from Brian brought my head up to look at him. He made sure that I was looking at him, and he moved one of his knees up to show me that it had been freed. He pulled his foot out entirely and put it back in position as Laura started to come back. Brian managed to vigorously nod his head before she made it completely inside the room, but he stopped once she entered. She set a box of Cheerios down on the nightstand before climbing on top of me again. I saw Brian begin to bob his head up and down again before Laura moved in the way. 

"You, me, and Jane. We sure do love our Cheerios, don't we?"

Laura removed my gag again and began working me over again. Now that she was crouched down with her head between my legs again, I could see Brian practically having a fit nodding his head. Suddenly, I understood what he was doing. He wanted me to distract her while he freed himself. I couldn't risk nodding my head in case Laura noticed, but I did wink at him to let him know that I had finally caught on. He stopped nodding and looked very relieved. He must have been aching after moving his head so much. I was aching myself; I was barely hard at this point. Laura mounted me again, and this time I responded to her movements.

"Oh, God," I gasped.

"You like that, don't you, Evan? My hot pussy feels good doesn't it?"

"Yes," I groaned. "Ride me harder." I pushed as far up as I could with my hips and thrust into her.

"Yes!" she cried. My movement made her raise herself up and then drop down that much faster. Every time she came back down on me, she ground herself into me. She had lost the friction to make herself cum a long time ago, but you couldn't blame the girl for trying. I wondered if I could still cum since she had pushed me to the point of exhaustion. She leaned forward and began to growl and she nipped at my neck, leaving me to do the work of pushing myself in and out of her. Over her shoulder, I could see Brian start to rise from the chair. He started to tiptoe out of the room. When he turned a little to the side, I could see that his hands were handcuffed. Shit, there was no way he could get out of those. I began moaning and groaning louder and louder, anything to divert Laura's attention. 

I think she was so happy that she had finally made some progress with me that she started crying out and almost barking in pleasure. I knew that I would need to hold out for as long as possible to give Brian the kind of time to do anything. That wasn't as difficult as it sounds considering I had already cum four times that night. The time between my third and fourth orgasms seemed to have been the longest, so I focused on trying to keep Laura on top of me. Even still, there wasn't much that a handcuffed and gagged man could do. Hopefully, he had gone downstairs and found Dave, the security guard. If a bound, gagged, and naked man wasn't enough to raise all sorts of questions, I don't know what would be.

It felt like fifteen minutes or so had passed since Brian left. A few spasms shook my body, but I doubt that I shot anything. I was tired, and the well was dry. So much for the stamina of youth. I put my head back into the bed and said, "Laura, that was spectacular."

Laura was overjoyed. "You see, I knew you would like it. Now you'll be ready to go back to Jane and she can be happy again. And you'll be happy, too, Evan, I know you will. The two of you were meant to be together."

My head snapped up again as I heard the sound of flesh connecting with flesh. Laura fell limp on top of me and Erica stood over the bed with a wide-eyed and no longer gagged Brian looking on in amazement. 

"Next time, make sure you tie your knots tighter, bitch," Erica said. 

With surprising speed, Laura jumped up and launched herself at Erica. Erica staggered backwards, but before Laura could attack her, Brian delivered a hard kick to her stomach that knocked the wind out of her making her slump on the floor, gasping for air. Erica quickly grabbed a handgun off the dresser behind her and pointed it at Laura's crumpled form on the floor. "Stay down this time," she snarled. 

Erica held her there for almost ten minutes. The tension was so high that no one dared to say a word. The police got there and made Erica put her gun away. Brian hurriedly explained everything while Erica ran into the kitchen and got a knife. She came back into the bedroom, but one of the officers tried to stop her. 

"Ma'am, what are you doing?"

"I'm trying to cut him loose," she shrieked. "Or if you haven't noticed, the man is tied to his own bed!"

I think her screaming surprised him, and he moved aside to let her chop off each one of the ties. Since Erica had been holding the gun and Brian was still cuffed, no one had been able to take my gag off. Erica ripped it off, and I yelled in pain. Two officers had handcuffed Laura and read her her rights as they escorted her out of the room. I got off the bed as paramedics rushed into the room, and after making quick sense of the crazy scene, they wrapped both me and Brian in blankets and began to lead us out of the room. Brian protested, saying that they needed to get the key for the handcuffs. Laura had used a cheap set of handcuffs from a porn shop. I suppose I shouldn't call them cheap since they had done their job. Brian had found the package with the key in the trash can before the police got there, but he hadn't been able to pick it up. An officer used gloves to fish it out of the trash, and after using the key to unlock Brian, he dropped the cuffs, key, and package into a bag for evidence. An officer and a paramedic began arguing over whether or not they could let us go to the hospital yet. The officer insisted that he needed pictures of us in our current state and the paramedic demanded that we get to the hospital immediately. The police officer finally won, and another proceeded to take photos of Brian and me. It was humiliating to say the least. I looked completely ravaged and had the cut ropes hanging off my body. The ropes had moved down a little, so it was clear that I had rope burn. Brian was in worse shape. There was blood all down the right side of his head. Laura must have bashed him over the head in order to knock him out. She hit me, too, but I wasn't bleeding from any place that I knew of. His ankles and shins were rubbed raw and bleeding from his battle of struggling out of the chair. They also collected some of the mess that was spread all over my pubic region for DNA evidence. It was yet another humiliating experience having someone scrape off sex juices from my dick. Once that was all over, they put the blankets over us again, and we were practically pushed down the elevator and outside into the waiting ambulance. 

***

I can't say that Brian and I were handled with tender, loving care as we were both hospitalized for our burns and bruises. We ended up in adjacent beds in the same room meant for four patients, but for a while, there were a bunch of policemen fighting with the doctors. We managed to give our statements to the police while the doctors were treating us, but I think the doctors were a little rougher than necessary at times, possibly due to the fact that they were frustrated with the police. Once the police cleared out, and the doctor finished stitching up Brian's head, we were both left to get some sleep. I asked a nurse what time it was as she was leaving. It was around 7 in the morning. Brian and I had gone to bed around 10. How long had Laura managed to keep us trapped up there was beyond me. I sighed deeply and closed my eyes, trying to process the night's traumatic events. Eventually I thought that it would simply be better to forget and go to bed. I was so exhausted that I almost didn't remember to say goodnight to Brian. I looked over to his bed, but he was gone. I almost jumped out of bed when he put his hand on my arm.

"Boo," he said quietly.

"Jesus, Bri, what was that for?"

Somehow he managed to smile after everything that had happened. "You looked like you could use a good kind of surprise."

"Are you alright? I haven't had a decent chance to talk to you at all."

"I'm fine. I should be asking you the same question."

"Don't worry about me. You were much more banged up than I was."

"Yea, you got sex and abuse, I just got the abuse."

"Bri, as much as I would love to talk to you all night, I've got to get some rest. I'm so tired."

"I know, I am, too. I just had to say one thing."

"I love you, too, Bri."

He bent down and lightly kissed my lips. "Goodnight, Evan." He got back into his own bed and tried to get as comfortable as possible

"'Night."

The next morning, or rather the next afternoon, I woke up, and a few minutes later, a nurse came in to assess my wounds. She knew about what I had been forced to go through, I'm sure a large part of the hospital knew, but she was very sympathetic despite the fact that I was gay. My rope burn was not too bad at all. She removed the bandages and applied an ointment and then gave me fresh bandages. The nurse told me that she would bring me back something to eat in a few minutes. 

I tried my best to relax and let my mind drift to better times and happier thoughts, but that's very hard to do when you've just experienced what I went through. One of the nurses or doctors was kind enough to leave the curtain open so that I could Brian and I could see each other. Brian was still asleep. I found comfort in watching his chest rhythmically rise and fall as he slept. Thank God he was alive. Thank God we were both alive. 
