 I'll start out by saying that before all of this happened, I was a very straight male. I had experienced fantasies of sex with a man before, but I never thought I'd ever do anything about it. I was quite content to be a straight male and just think about the other side of sex. 

I guess that's how most men begin. Well, at least that's how I began.

I was on a flight from St. Louis to Los Angeles. It was a vacation for me and I was planning on seven days at the first hotel I could find with a balcony and a view of the ocean. 

During the crowded flight, I left my seat to head to the head. There was another guy waiting at the bathroom when I got there. He said that a woman went into each bathroom and it looked like we were going to have a wait. We shared a laugh and exchanged the typical male comments about women.

I asked if he was going to L.A. since the flight was continuing to Hawaii. He said that he was going to the L.A. area on vacation, the first in four years. I told him that it was my first in about three and was looking forward to the beaches. 

We exchanged some small talk about were we were going. He said that he had reservations for a room in Redondo Beach. He also had a reservation for a car. He asked where I was going; I told him that as soon as I picked up my car, I was going to flip a coin; heads north of L.A. and tails I'd be heading south. 

The ladies exited the bathroom and we entered. When I came out, I found that he was also coming out of the other bathroom. I made a comment that we'd have to stop meeting like this and began walking back to my seat. I was on the isle and it turned out that the guy I was talking with was in the seat across from me.

So, for the rest of the flight, we talked across the isle. Normal stuff, like football, car racing, jobs, traveling and the like. Spending time chatting really made the flight pass quickly. Before I knew it, we were descending for the landing. 

The weather was fantastic! Low to mid eighties, light breeze blowing and clear skies. After exiting the plane, and while waiting for the luggage, I introduced myself to my new friend. Mike told me that if I found myself in Redondo Beach, I could look him up for a beer or two. He gave me the name of the hotel he was going to be at and told me to give him a call.

We got our bags, mine came first and I headed off to the car rental without another thought. I was at the car rental place, got my keys and was walking off to the lot when I saw Mike walking in. 

I waved to him and he called to me. He told me that the airline lost his luggage and that most of his identification was in his checked bag. He asked if I would wait around for a few minutes to make sure he could still get his car. 

I went to the counter with him, he got his car and everything was going to be okay. It turned out that the luggage wasn't actually lost, it was in Seattle and the airline was going to bring it to his hotel when they got it back. 

Outside in the lot, we found our cars. Mine was a convertible and his a sedan. At the cars, I announced that it was time to flip the coin. 

"Heads north and tails south!" I flipped and the coin landed on heads, I was going north. Mike again offered to meet me in Redondo for a beer. He said that there are tons of hotels up that way and the beaches were pretty nice. I took him up on the beer and told him that I would follow him to his hotel. 

I figured that a beer with my new friend on the first day of my vacation at a bar at (or close) to the beach would be great. So we got into our cars and headed out. 

It took us about 30 minutes to get to his hotel. I went to the desk with him and he got the key for his room. I went along to the room too. The hotel was nice and right on the beach. There were palm trees and flowers all over the place and bars and restaurants within walking distance in any direction, except west. 

We got to his room and it was wonderful! It was a suite with a separate bedroom, living room and a balcony with a view of the beach. We were on the twelfth floor and I found that this would do just nicely for a hotel for me as well.

I told Mike that I was going to go get a room and that I would meet him at the desk whenever he was ready for that beer. He said that he was ready now, "nothing to unpack," and went with me.

I got my room and got my two bags from the car. Mike carried one and I with the other, we went up to my room on the tenth floor. My room was just as nice, same view just two floors lower than Mike's room.

We threw the bags into the room and headed out to explore the area. We took my car, with the top down and drove around the area until we found a nice little place that was on the beach. 

Walking into the bar, the air-conditioned room felt great! We walked through the bar and out to the deck in the back. There was a breeze that was coming in off the ocean and the smell of the salt water mixed in just right with the setting of the bar.

We ordered our drinks and a steak dinner for each. We ate our dinners, drank a few more beers and sat chatting for some time. 

We'd had four or five drinks each and were really enjoying the night. The sun was just setting and the temperature was dropping into the seventies. I loved this! My first vacation in such a long time and here I was! 

Women in bikinis were walking by the bar, women inside the bar, women were everywhere. All shapes, all sizes, some tanned, some not. Each and every lady I saw was a beautiful sight. 

I suggested that we find a livelier bar and maybe some company for the rest of the evening. I was sure that my hopes were pretty high, but why not? 

Then Mike dropped a bomb on me. 

"Jeff, I'm gay"

"I don't think that company would be the same for you as it would for me."

"But," he said, "I'm fine right were we are." 

I didn't know how to take that. I enjoyed Mike's company, but I didn't want to sleep with him! "What do you mean"? I asked. 

"Look, were having a great time and we have been since we met on the plane."

"Why disturb that tonight?"

I didn't really have a good answer for him. I'm not a phobic, but I've never spent any amount of time with a gay man. He saw me contemplating my answer and spoke up again. "I'm not going to rape you."

"Here's my suggestion, we spend some more time having drinks and talking just like before I told you that I'm gay."

"Then well figure out the rest."

There it was! He was interested in me and had ideas about later for the two of us. It was too much for me though. "I'm sorry Mike, I'm not gay or even bi."

"I'm going to take you back to the hotel." I figured that if I dropped him off, I would still have time that evening to find a woman to spend some time with.

We got into the car and headed to the hotel. Then I started feeling like an idiot. Here I was, shunning this guy just because he's attracted to me. And, the fact that he was attracted to me was kind of flattering. 

"I'm sorry Mike." Let's grab a six-pack and head to the beach. We'll talk about this thing and get it figured out. 

So we did, we stopped at the liquor store, got some beer and headed to the hotel. We parked the car, and walked from the parking lot to the hotel's private beach. There were signs all over the place about open containers and it was quite evident that the hotel wouldn't allow it. 

"Let's go to your room and sit on the balcony." And with that, Mike headed toward the hotel. "Shit!" I thought. Just what he wanted but what the hell? He couldn't rape me, could he? So, I followed him. 

We got to my room and out on the balcony. This was paradise. The breeze was still blowing and the smell of the ocean was fantastic. Just what I was looking for in California, I missed the ocean so much! 

We sat on the lounge chairs and drank beer. For a long time we were silent. I broke the silence with Mike. "I know I already told you. But, I'm not gay or even bisexual. I don't know if you're hoping to have sex with me, but I'm not interested in sex with a man." 

"I know what you've said. I'm not trying to pick you up. But, I also know that there are men who are straight and still have thoughts of sex with a man. All I want you to know is if you lean in that direction, maybe we can try it out. If not, we'll drink beer and have a great start to our vacation." 

With that, we clinked bottles and both took long pulls from the cold beer. I couldn't resist rational like that. 

We drank and talked about the ocean, the breeze, places we had been before. At some point, we had both finished our beer and reached down for another bottle. It was like some kind of a movie. We grabbed the same bottle and then stopped and looked at each other. 

Now, I don't know if it was the beer, or my sometimes fantasy of having sex with a man or what it was. But, before I knew what I was saying, I croaked from the inner most frog in my throat, "what's it like to have sex with a man?" 

"It's just like having sex with a woman. Except for the beard and the fact that both are men." I was shocked that he didn't mince his words. We were still looking at each other and I let a smirk start across my face and said "and the fact that there are two hard cocks instead of just one." 

Mike laughed, I laughed and he took the last beer. While he was opening the beer, I said: "hey, that's not fair!" He took a long pull off the bottle and then said: "we can share." He reached across me and held the bottle to my lips and raised it for me to drink. After the drink, I felt embraced, I think I actually blushed. Mike was hitting on me.

"We have to have more beer and I'm going to the liquor store." Before I had the chance to get out of the lounger, Mike was over me, with one hand on each of the arms of the chair.

"I'm going to kiss you, just one time." He proclaimed. Then, "if you don't like it, I won't do it again. But this way, you'll know for sure if you don't want me, as much as I do want you." 

He leaned in and quickly, but gently kissed me on the lips. Then he stood up. "Well?" He said. I sat there in silence for a minute. I was thinking. I'm on vacation, I'm buzzed maybe even drunk, he wants to be with me, and I am being seduced, what could it hurt?

I stood up and took two steps away from him. "I don't know. I'll let you know when I get back." With that, I grabbed the keys to the car and the room key. "Will you be here when I get back?" I asked. I walked into the room and out the door without waiting for a reply. 

I got a case of beer from the liquor store, figuring that if this were going to go much further, I'd need to be drunk. I didn't know how things were going to happen when I got back. But I did know that when I got back, if Mike was still there, I would probably be in his arms within a short while. That thought made my crotch jump. 

I got back to the room and hesitated before opening the door. Either he would be there and we'd continue to play until we reached a point of going further, or he'd be gone and I'd be left to wonder for the next week and maybe the next few years. 

I opened the door and stepped in. I walked directly to the balcony wanting so badly to see Mike there for some reason. I stepped out on the balcony and my heart fell. He was gone! 

I placed the beer, as much as possible into the small refrigerator in the room. Took one and went out onto the balcony. I sat in the same chair I was in when a man had kissed me for the first time in my life. 

I was sitting there drinking and wondering what things would have been like if I hadn't chickened out earlier. Then I heard behind me. "I used your room soap." I was surprised and very. . . happy? When I heard him at the door. 

I turned to look at Mike; he was standing by the sliding glass door, fully dressed. "I hope you don't mind but I really wanted a shower." 

"The beer is in the fridge." I said in reply.

Mike retrieved a beer and then came back out onto the balcony and sat on the floor in front of me. "Well, what do you think?" He said. "I don't know." I took a drink. "I'm curious, but at the same time . . ." 

Mike got up on his knees and leaned into me again. He stopped, looked at me and then leaned in for the kill. 

He placed his lips onto mine and to my surprise; he opened his mouth and brushed my lips with his tongue. Out of reflex, I opened my lips and our tongues met. We kissed for a few seconds and then he pulled back. 

"Now, what do you think?" 

"I want to try more. But, when I say stop, we stop, okay?"

Leaning back into me, we kissed again. I was getting into this and thinking this must be what it's like for a woman the first time she kisses a man that she wants, but knows better. 

Being seduced! By a man! 

I was kissing him back, tongues dancing in each other's mouths. Heads turning, biting lips sucking tongues. The only difference was the stubble on our faces. 

Within a few minutes, I reached up to cup Mikes face and then let me hand reach around to the back of his head to pull his face closer to mine. Mike got up enough to sit on my lap, straddling me. We kissed in that position for a long while. I loved the sweetness of this. It wasn't animalistic at all, very seductive and very passionate. 

I soon found myself grinding my hips up into his crotch and he rotating his hips in return. He broke his kiss, sat back and began unbuttoning my shirt. He pulled my shirt off of me, and then untucking and pulling my t-shirt off of me. Being undressed by him was an incredibly sexy feeling.

He leaned in again and began kissing my cheek and eye and then moved around to my ear and then down my neck to my shoulders. He went lower, kissing and nibbling at my chest and to my nipple. When his hot mouth found my nipple, an electric surge went through my body. 

I reached up with my hands and began to unbutton his shirt. He sat up so I could take his shirt off. My mouth went to his right nipple and I took his hairless nub into my mouth, suckling on it gently. I was getting hard under my jeans and was feeling wonderfully uninhibited. 

With his hands at the back of my head and my hands roaming up and down his back from his shoulders to the top of his jeans. My hands pushed inside the waistband of his jeans a little and he took this as another cue to advance.

He stood up, and took my hands into his. I stood and we embraced. We kissed and let our hands wander each other. My hands went from his ass, up his back and over his shoulders. Mike was grabbing my ass and pulling himself into me. 

Our crotches were grinding and our tongues were exploring. His hands came up from my ass, around my hips and reached to the front of my belt. Here it comes! 

He took a half step from me and unbuckled my belt. He unbuttoned my pants and let them fall to the floor. I was standing before him in only my bikini underwear, my penis straining to be free. 

He reached with one hand and grasped the back of my head, and one hand to my crotch. At the same time his tongue entered my mouth, his hand began to fondle my penis. I could only stand there and let him do his bidding.

We were kissing and he was gently squeezing my penis and then my scrotum. He took his hand from my crotch and slid his fingers into the waistband of my underwear. 

Gently, he grasped my erection and began to stroke it. I was so hot and so turned on! His hand slid down and under my balls. He gently squeezed them and rolled them in his fingers. By this time, my head was resting on his shoulder and I was breathing very heavily.

He used his free hand to take my hand and he placed it onto his crotch. 

I rubbed up and down, feeling the hardness in his pants. Sliding my hand down and underneath his balls, and then back up to what I thought was the tip of his penis, I couldn't believe how hot this was making me, but I couldn't deny it either. 

With his hand inside my underwear, his fingers wrapped around my erection and my tongue inside his mouth, I began to undo his pants. 

I unbuttoned and then unzipped his pants. Then I slid my hand into his pants. I felt for the first time an erection (other than my own) encased in underwear. It was so hard, yet so soft. I traced with my hand the erection that I was feeling. I could feel the shape of the head and I could feel the moisture at the tip. 

I slid my fingers into the waistband and touched his skin. Then my entire hand went inside and I wrapped my fingers around him. He was very hard and very thick. His penis was cut and he was leaking pre-come from the tip.

I used my fingers to spread the slick liquid around his head and reveled in the feeling. Then I slid my hand down the shaft to his hairless balls. They were large and heavy feeling. I softly grasped and squeezed them then made my way back up.

He backed away from me and finished undressing himself. I followed suit and then we stood there looking at each other. His cock was standing straight up and his balls were hanging low. He was about the same size as me in length, but he was considerably thicker than me. 

Mike took me by the hand and led me inside to the bedroom. He gently laid me on the bed on my back and then straddled me, laying his full weight on top of me. I could feel his hardness next to my own. 

We began kissing again and grinding into each other. I decided long before this to give myself to him completely. He was resting his upper body on his elbows and each hand was at either side of my head. My hands were sliding up and down his body from the back of his shoulders, down over his hips and then back up over his ass and his back. 

Mike began sliding down my body, kissing as he went. Once again, my nipple was in his hot mouth while he suckled and bit at it. Then further down with his mouth. Over my belly, his tongue darting into my bellybutton. 

His tongue reached my trimmed pubic hair and his stubbly chin brushed the tip of my erection. He slid his face further down at the side of my penis, his tongue tracing through my pubic hair and down the top of my thigh. 

He lingered at the top of my thigh, kissing and gently biting the skin there. Then he trailed his tongue up my thigh, over my own hairless balls, along the shaft of my penis and to the head. He flicked the head of my erection a few times and then slid my cock into his hot mouth. He swallowed my entire length at once and then began to come up. 

Each time he reached the head of my cock, he sucked hard and then plunged back down. He hands were squeezing my balls as his mouth worked sloppily on the shaft and head of my cock.

After a few minutes of the best blowjob in my life, Mike moved himself into position for my first sixty-nine with a man. 

There he was! His thick, hairless cock just inches from my face. Pre-come leaking from the tip and very enticing, I must say.

The tempo to which he was sucking became faster and more deliberate. The intense feeling I was getting, being inside his mouth over came all of my inhibitions. I grasped the base of his erection with my hand and guided his cock into my mouth. 

I didn't waist any time licking, I wanted his cock inside my mouth. I wanted to taste my first man. 

I took about half of him into my mouth before I began sucking. Of course, I didn't know what to do, so I just moved my mouth up and down on him, feeling the contours of his penis on my lips.

I sucked and used my tongue, thinking that's what he liked. I was rewarded by his dick stiffening inside my mouth and the taste of pre-come. My sucking, however, was short lived because I tensed and began to come.

I was taken by surprise and couldn't stop or even tell him that I was about to come. I just exploded. I guess Mike could sense this, he got up on his elbow, his cock plopping out of my mouth and sucked me for what all that I was worth. 

I came and came. It was the best orgasm I'd ever had. To Mike's credit, he swallowed all of it and kept sucking until I went soft. 
