 My boyfriend and I had broken up and I was in a pickle. At least we didn't share a flat and have to deal with that mess, I thought, as I contemplated what to do. We had been together for over a year and I was very much in love with him. Through a series of coincidences, I became suspicious that I was not the only guy he was sleeping with and after just a cursory investigation, I was proven correct. I'd packed up his belongings and put them on the steps to our flat and hoped I'd never had to deal with him again.

When I say "I was in a pickle," I guess it wasn't that bad but the breakup had me wondering what to do. My ex and I were two weeks away from heading off to Spain for a month of back-packing and now I was going alone. I'd already booked the entire trip: starting in Barcelona, then Madrid, then Malaga and finally, Palma. We were going to stay in hostels to save money and spend that savings on other expenses. Finding cheap places to sleep was fairly easy, but sometimes you had to share the room with strangers and that would 'complicate' our lovemaking. But since I was going alone now, I guess that didn't matter any.

In any event, I managed to avoid my ex for the next two weeks and headed off on holiday by myself.

I'd only been to Spain very briefly in the past and was looking forward to this, much longer, stay. I'd purchased and read several books about each of my destinations, so I had a decent idea of where I was going. The Travel Gods, however, were not kind to me from the get go. Delay after delay at the airport and finally my bags not meeting me in Barcelona were the major disappointments of my first 24 hours. After spending what seemed an eternity at the airport, I was assured that my bag would be at my hostel within two hours. With that, I headed off to check-in.

The hostel I'd chosen was about a kilometer from the center of the city, very centrally located. Of the places I'd pre-booked, this was the only one that would guarantee I had a private room. I checked in and headed to my room. My room was small, had a twin sized bed, a small table, a night stand with a lamp on it, and an easy chair that looked to be very old and used. "Home, sweet home," I said as I closed the door behind me. I was tired and needed a shower, but had to wait for my bags, so I did a little exploring around the place. My room was about half way down the second floor hallway and the three doors toward the stairs I was pretty sure were private rooms like mine. The other direction had a common room on one side with a tv and small kitchen area and directly across the hall was a sleeping room with 6 bunk beds in it. The community bathroom/toilet was down at the end of the hall. There were three stalls, three sinks and a large open shower area with 6 shower heads visible. I returned to my room and laid down on my little bed and closed my eyes. 

I snapped to when I heard someone knock on my door and say something. I sprang out of bed and when I opened my eyes, my backpack was laying there. Thank God, I said, and commenced to unpacking once inside my room. I wrapped my towel around my waist, grabbed my shower kit and headed down the hall. The only other noise I heard besides the "flip-flop" of my sandals was one of the showers running from the end of the hall. I took my towel off and stepped into the steamy shower area to see a guy with his back to me, obviously masturbating into the corner. When I turned on the water, he spun his head around in surprise and looked at me. He obviously didn't hear me walk into the room. I looked at him and said "Sorry" as I let the water wash over me, still facing him. When I opened my eyes again, he was still looking over his shoulder at me, his hands now over his groin. He had curly, short, dark hair, olive skin, and was about my height. I figured he was Greek, but I wasn't sure. I let him watch me for a minute, and then I turned to face the wall. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw him collect his things and head for the door. Just as he was about to pass by me, I turned to face him and said "Bye". He muttered something and left.

I couldn't help but chuckle a little bit to myself at the absurdity of it all. I caught some guy wanking off in the shower within 3 hours of arriving here. Maybe this might be fun after all, I thought. It'd been almost three weeks now since my boyfriend and I had fucked and I was really missing it. My ex was the first guy I'd ever let have my ass and he'd opened up a whole new world for me. Thinking about it as I soaped myself in the shower caused my prick to get semi-hard. I had to snap back to reality or I might just get caught like my new Greek friend, I thought as I tried to stop my erection. I was still marginally hard as I stood at one of the sinks, brushing my teeth, but I figured if I hurried, I could wank off in my room when I got there.

As I entered the hallway from the bathroom, my Greek friend was crossing the hallway between the large sleeping room and the common area. He turned and stopped when he saw me. I stopped in my tracks when I realized that my bulging semi-hard was clearly visible under my towel. 

"Hi, um... sorry," I said as I kept walking. As I approached him I said "hello. I'm Simon," and I held out my hand. 

He looked at my crotch and said "Dean" and shook my hand. 

As I moved past him, I could feel his eyes on me as I walked toward my room. When I got to the door, I looked back and he was still in the hallway looking at me. I smiled and stepped into my room, closing the door behind me. As I dressed, I could hear the telly coming through the wall from the common room. He must be traveling alone, I thought, like I am. I thought for a second, then removed my shorts and underwear, then just put my shorts and a t-shirt back on. Maybe he's lonely too?

I walked into the common room and Dean smiled as I entered. 

"Anything good on?" I asked.

"No," was all he said as he watched me walk and sit in a chair a few feet from him. 

"That's too bad," I said. After a few seconds, I turned to him and said "I'm sorry I interrupted your shower."

He looked at me shocked and said "I wasn't doing anything. Just taking a shower."

I studied him a second. He was actually quite handsome, about my age in his mid-twenties, and in decent shape. "It's cool," I said. "I don't mind sharing a shower. I guess that's how we'll have to live here. Are you living with anyone in the big room?"

He turned back to the telly and said "No, just me. I think this place is pretty empty right now."

"So, we have the place to ourselves? That's good by me! I'm traveling alone. My boyfriend was supposed to come with me, but we broke up." Could I be any more obvious? "How long have you been here?"

He looked at me. Obviously, my little hint peaked his interest. "I've been here two nights. I leave tomorrow."

"Very nice. I'm sorry to interrupt your privacy. I bet it was nice having the place to yourself."

"It's been alright," he said. 

I turned to him. "Look, I really am sorry I interrupted you in the shower. Had I known you were there I would have waited until you were finished." I paused for a second, looking into his eyes and said "Or I could have helped you."

"Helped me?" he said.

"Sure," I said and I got up and moved to the chair next to him. "It's better if someone helps you. " I leaned into him and said "I'm good at helping others."

"How do you help?" he said, obviously on the same page now.

I reached out and put my hand on his leg. "Easy," I said. "I like to lend a helping hand when I can. Or any other part of my body that I can use. I'm a good helper." I squeezed his thigh and then slowly brought my hand up to his crotch. I could feel the warmth coming through his shorts, the bulge of his package heavy. 

He looked down at my hand then back at my face. I looked into his eyes and said "I can show you, if you'd like. We have the place to ourselves." I continued to feel his bulge as I talked to him, looking into his eyes. "It's just us two. No one would know." I could feel his cock hardening under his shorts. "I would be happy to help you with this. "

"Um, ok" he said. That was all I needed. 

I moved in front of him and dropped to my knees. As I started to unbutton his shorts, I could feel my heart start to beat in my chest. I wasn't lying: this is what I like to do. Ever since I realized I was gay, I've always taken pleasure in giving head. I love the feel of a cock reaching its full hardness in my mouth. The different textures of the shaft and the cock head. The shape of it in my mouth. The feel of the head as it hits the back of my throat and the way it felt when I allowed it to slip further back. The way the guy's pubes tickled my nose when I got the entire thing in. The feel of his balls against my tongue as I lick them. 

I could feel my mouth watering in anticipation as I pulled down his fly. Just then, I could hear someone coming down the hallway. I quickly stood up and sat back down as Dean redid his pants. There were two sets of footsteps I could hear coming. I tried to compose myself as two new guys with their bags got to the door to the common room.

"Hey, ya!" said the first. "This is the common room?"

"Hi," I said. "Yea, this is the common room. The bunk room is across the hall" 

"Thanks," he said as he turned and entered the bunk room. Once they were inside the bunk room, I stood up, turned to Dean, and put my finger to my lips saying "Shhhhh." Then I used my index finger to say "Follow me!" and started walking toward the door. When I got to the door, Dean hadn't moved. I turned around and more emphatically motioned him to follow me. Timidly, he got up and started walking toward me. 

I walked to my door and opened it, then stood aside. Dean entered my room and I closed the door behind me and threw the lock. I walked up to Dean and whispered "The walls are thin. Just keep your voice quiet." Then I put my hand on his chest and pushed him gently back until he sat down on the bed. I got down on my knees before him again and whispered "Now, where were we?" And I reached up and quickly undid his shorts and pulled down his fly. I grabbed the sides of his pants and started to pull them down. He got the hint and lifted his bum off the bed so I could remove his pants. 

I put his shorts aside and studied his cock. He had a thick bush of curly black hair; his semi-hard cock was leaning at a right angle onto his leg. I scooted forward and spread his legs wider as I moved in toward him. With my left hand I grabbed his cock and slowly started to stroke it. His cock was uncut and slowly coming to life. Mine was rock hard and straining against my shorts as I slowly toyed with his. I pointed his cock toward my face, licked my lips, and leaned in and kissed the tip. My left hand reached up and lifted his tshirt up to reveal his hairy chest. I opened my mouth and let him in as I looked up at his face. Slowly, I slid his cock into my mouth as I never left his gaze. He was looking down at me with his lips in the shape of an "O", exhaling slowly. When I felt his pubes hit my nose, I sucked as hard as I could and slowly pulled back off him. I could feel his cock harden against my tongue as I pulled back. My left hand was lightly teasing and pinching his nipple while my right was feeling his hard abs. I paused at with his cock head just inside my mouth long enough to twirl my tongue around it a few times, then I pushed back down again. I did this same thing three more times until I was sure that he was fully hard. Then I moved my right hand to his cock, took my mouth off of it, and started to stroke. I closed my eyes and moved my mouth down to his balls. They were thick with pubic hair and tensed up against his abdomen in his scrotum. I teased and licked them while I stroked him with my hand until I felt him reach up and take off his shirt. I wonder if he wants something more? God knows I did, so I ran my tongue up the length of his prick and teased the head again. 

"Does that feel good, Dean?" I asked as I planted small kisses on his cock head. "Do you like that?"

He nodded quickly that he did. 

"Then you're going to love what's next," I whispered. I kissed his penis once more then moved up his abs, licking my way to his nipples. Dean laid back and allowed me to run my tongue around each nipple while I stroked him. My cock was painfully hard by now, so I pulled off of him and stood up. I looked down at him as I took off my t-shirt and stepped out of my shorts. I turned to my backpack, found the small bottle of lube where I'd left it and turned back to the bed. I motioned for him to move up to the head of the bed and he followed my lead. I squeezed a small amount of lube on my fingers, then used them to apply it to my willing arsehole. When I'd finished there, I squeezed a larger amount of lube onto my hand and tossed the bottle back into my pack. As I climbed onto the bed and straddled his legs, it made an awful squeaking noise. I burst out laughing and Dean smiled and held his finger to his mouth telling me to be quiet. I nodded and then leaned forward to apply the lube to his cock. As I rubbed his prick, making sure that the lube got all over him, I whispered "Are you ready?" 

Dean nodded quickly and then pulled me onto him. I got into position on him, leaned to my left on my knee, and up on my right foot. I reached behind me and grasped his lubed cock and pointed it my opening. Once I had it right where I wanted it, I slowly lowered myself onto him.

Until I'd met my ex, I'd never had anal sex before. I was very closeted until I'd moved to the city and away from my parents. I'd been curious about anal, but never felt adventurous enough to try it until I met my ex. No matter what people told me, I always assumed that the pain or the mess would be too much to bear. Over the course of our relationship, he slowly got me to try it. Not really pushing me, but always finding a way to use either a finger or a toy on my arse until I'd make him stop. If I didn't give such enthusiastic head, I'm sure he'd have left me long ago. Finally, I allowed him to use a small vibrator on me while he blew me. It was unlike anything I'd ever experienced! I came harder from that experience than I'd ever had in the past and it left me wanting more. Not two days after that moment, I was on my hands and knees on my kitchen floor, begging him to fuck my arse. 

Now, here I was. Some Greek stud who'd I'd just met and had maybe said 20 words to had his cock at my opening. I smiled to myself, closed my eyes and let my new friend enter me. Once I felt his cock head get past my sphincter, I moved my foot and got onto my knees above him. I slowly lowered myself down onto him all the way. I sat there for a moment, reveling in the fullness of a thick cock in my arse. I let myself get used to him, then started to rock back and forth on him. My cock still starved for attention, I reached down and started to stroke myself in time with my rocking. The touch of his hands on my hips brought me back to reality. I looked down at him. He had his eyes fixed on the view of me stroking myself as his cock moved in and out of my ass. I started to move faster, only to stop when the bed started to creak loudly with our motion. I stopped quickly, and then continued to slowly move myself on him. Holding myself back was not doing it for either of us, so I got up off of him and stood up. I motioned for him stand up and he did so. I turned and laid down on my back on the bed with my ass at the edge, legs spread wide. He got the idea and moved into position, pointing his cock at my opening. I reached down and held on with both hands to the bed as he pushed into me, none to gentle. He pushed in all the way and then started to let me have it, his eyes glued to the view I was awarding him of his cock sliding into me. He got into a quick rhythm and leaned forward to give himself more leverage. I reached up and put my hands around his neck to hold on as he fucked me. He threw his head back and opened his eyes and I knew he was about to cum. 

"That's it," I said. "Just like that."

I watched his face contort as the orgasm built up inside him, then I felt his cock start to spasm inside me, complete with the warmness of his seed emptying into my bowels. He stopped fucking me and just left his cock inside me while he recovered. He was laying mostly on top of me, breathing heavily. After a few seconds of catching his breath, he straightened up and pulled out of me. As he stood up, I could feel his cum start to flow out of my arse. I started stroking my cock while I watched him collect his things and reveled in the feeling of his sperm dripping from my bum. It didn't take me long before I closed my eyes and let my orgasm wash over me, spraying my own juices all over my chest. 

When I'd finished, I stood up and wiped myself off. Dean was dressed by now and turned to face me. 

"Thanks," he said. 

I slid my shorts back on and moved close to him and hugged him hard. "See you next time," I said and let him go. He turned and walked out the door. 

The next day, I got up, showered, and headed out the door. I never saw Dean again, but we had our moment and I was ok with it. I spent the day walking around the city and seeing the sights. I ended up eating a nice selection of tapas and having a few glasses of wine and a lovely little place. I was really enjoying myself!

As night fell, I was wondering around town and found myself in a little pub not far from the place I was staying. The place was pretty crowded as there was a good football match on the big screen. I managed a seat at the bar and had a few pints. At one point, I looked down the bar and the two other guys who moved into the hostel were there. Being by my lonesome, I picked up my glass and went over to say hello. They recognized me and introduced themselves as Tony and Giani, two guys on holiday from Naples. We made small talk and I commented that it looked like we had the entire hostel to ourselves.

"Well, we saw the other guy move out this morning, so I guess so," said Giani. 

"He said he'd met you," said Tony.

"Yea," I said. "We met the day I got there. He seemed nice enough."

"He had good things to say about you," said Giani. Then he smiled and winked at me.

Uh-oh, I thought. I wonder what Dean told them? My face flushed and I took a long pull of my beer. Then I quickly changed the subject. 

I stayed with them for another beer and then said good night. I was a little tipsy and made my way back to my room. I changed out of my clothes, took a long shower, and headed off to bed. I'd planned on getting up early and continuing my tour of the city the next day.

I was roused from slumber by a quiet knock at my door. I laid there thinking that I was hearing things, then heard it again. I switched on my nightstand light and got out of bed. I cracked open the door and looked out into the hallway. Tony and Giani were standing there. I opened the door a little more and leaned with just my head through the doorway as I was in my underwear, wondering what was going on. 

Tony said "Well, like I said, we'd met Dean before he left and we were wondering if you'd help us out like you helped him."

I looked at them both a second and said "Look, it's late and you're both drunk. Go to bed." Then I started to close the door when Tony held out his hand and blocked it. 

"He's drunk, I'm not," said Tony. "Well, not that much, anyway. Dean said you were happy to help and we were looking for some...help."

"Just a little help," Giani said. Then he laughed and Tony elbowed him in the chest. 

"Knock it off, Giani," Tony said. "I'm talking and you're not helping."

"Go to bed guys," I said and pushed on the door.

"Please?" Tony said. "It's just us up here and it's been a while for us both. We'd really appreciate it and we won't bother you anymore. Just this once."
