 I had a back complaint that simply wasn't going away. A friend had recommended a local chiropractor and having made an appointment I was now at reception.

"Good morning my name is David Scott I have an appointment." 

"Good morning Mr Scott, please go to the first room on the left," the receptionist indicated.

I knocked politely on the door and opened it, I noticed a massage table against the far wall with a couple of chairs close by. The room was brightly lit but had no windows, a cabinet sat against the left wall.

From behind the door a voice called out, "Good morning my name's Mark, are you Mr Scott?"

I replied, "Yes, please call me David."

"Now then David, I believe you have a lower back complaint?" Mark questioned as he closed the door.

He saw me look at his hand as he locked the door.

"We lock the doors for privacy reasons, we don't want anyone walking in to find you in a state of undress, do we?"

"Nakedness doesn't bother me," I replied.

"That's good, can you please undress to your underwear and lay face down on the table please."

Mark went to fetch a towel from the rack as I undressed, I was lowering my jeans as he faced me with a towel. He was a handsome man, six foot tall and around 180lb, dressed in sweatpants and a t-shirt. I saw his eyes check out my black bikini briefs as I stepped out of my jeans.

"Nice briefs," he remarked.

"Thank you, I've always worn bikini briefs through adult life I find them very comfortable," I replied as I lay down on the table.

"I couldn't agree more," said Mark.

Mark's hands started to examine my lower back and he asked, "Let me know when I find the painful area?"

"Right there," I winced, as his fingers found the problem area.

Mark moved to the head of the table, applied oil to his hands and started to knead and work on my back. Although sore at first, his hands worked their magic and I felt the pain begin to ease. As his hands massaged down my back every now and again his fingertips found their way under my bikini waistband, pushing them down little by little until I felt them nestle under my cheeks. My ass was now totally exposed and i was glad I was face down as my cock had started to stiffen.

"Can you arch your back for me please?" Mark asked.

I lifted my head and arched my back and in doing so was faced with Mark's hard cock under his sweatpants. I guess my bikini briefs must have looked sexy to him. I wanted to reach out and touch his bulge, pull down his sweats and see if his bikini was transparent with precum. My own cock had now become fully erect as my mind worked overtime on what I wanted to do to that large cock facing me.

"And relax please, how's the pain?" Mark enquired.

"Nearly painless, a lot better," I replied.

I wasn't sure if it was the expert massage or my adrenaline that eased the pain, but my heart was beating faster. 

"I'll work on your sciatic nerves now," Mark uttered as he moved to the bottom of the table.

I felt my ankles being held and my legs opened. I knew my hard cock would be in view as it lay throbbing in the pouch of my bikini. I felt Mark's hands work up and down my legs paying particular attention to my thighs, His hands brushed against the hard sides of my cock and my bikini had become damp. I felt his right hand on my cock as he pulled down on it gently, both his hands went back to massaging my legs from my ankles to my ass, every now and again he gently pulled on my cock. I felt his right hand reach in my bikini and pull out my wet cock, at once he began to slowly jerk me off and I moaned softly.

"I need a little more oil," Mark exclaimed.

I heard the cabinet door open and close as Mark returned after a slight pause. Oil was applied to my cock and he gently tugged on it once more while his left hand still worked on my thighs. 

"Can you turn over for me please and I'll work on your quads?" Mark requested.

As I turned over my cock stood up like a flagpole. Mark had a couple more strokes of my cock before his lips slipped over my cock head. He sucked on the head of my boner for a minute before he withdrew his mouth with a plop and stuffed my cock back into the confines of my bikini. I wondered if he had become afraid as I hadn't said a word of approval to my dick handling. My cock throbbed uncontrollably I was way passed the point of wanting to cum, I wondered what Mark was going to do next?

"To finish I want to work on your rectus abdominal muscles and that's us done," exclaimed Mark.

"I still have one muscle that needs attention after that, it's rock hard and I was hoping you could soften it for me!"

If Mark was in any doubt about jerking me off, then I had just given him the green light to finish me off. I felt oil being applied to my abdomen and his hands moved up and down my stomach. On the down stroke his hands moved under my tented bikini, his fingers running through my pubic hair. Then his right hand slipped all the way to my balls, his thumb finding the base of my cock, it slid up to the tip and ran around my twitching cock head, it felt wonderful and the feeling in my stomach told me my cum was on the boil. 

"That feels so good," I moaned.

Mark stood directly at my head and brushed his balls back and forth across my nose with each abdominal thrust. I opened my eyes to see his light blue bikini brush over my nose, he had taken his sweatpants off when getting the oil from the cabinet. I could smell his precum soaked briefs as my tongue slipped past my lips and licked his bikini covered balls with each thrust he made. Mark kneeled on the table straddling my head, leaning down he opened his lips and engulfed my bikini clad cock and began to suck. I moaned a little more as he sucked slowly and deeply on my shaft each downward suck going lower until he reached the base..

I grasped Mark's bikini waistband while I popped his right bikini clad ball in my mouth and rolled my tongue around it. Still holding the waistband I pulled down, his cock sprung free, I quickly had it in my mouth sucking deeply, as he assisted me in removing his bikini completely. Mark held the sides of my bikini and pushed them down my slippery oiled thighs to my ankles and was now sucking on my fully exposed cock.

"Mmmm your precum tastes sweet, I hope your cum is as nice?" Mark exclaimed!

I was close to orgasm now and felt that familiar feeling in my gut. I wanted us both to cum together and increased my pace on his cock. As I felt my jiz start to rise to my cock head I thrust my finger in Mark's ass probing for his prostrate.

"Ohh Fuck, Ohh Fuck I'm gonna cum!" Mark cried out.

HIs wad hit the back of my throat, a second hit the roof of my mouth as I exploded into his mouth. I heard him cough and splutter as he drank my milk down. I swallowed his salty cum down and began to feel his cock soften on my tongue. His cock slipped from my lips, spent. 

"Fuck, that was awesome, that is the best blowjob I've ever had! I'm not gay, I have a girlfriend but she can't suck me like that!"

He hadn't done too bad himself, for the first blowjob he had given it was excellent, he was a natural. I had come for back pain release and had got another release. I would never have thought when I walked through the door I was going to get sucked off!

I pulled my bikini up and dressed quickly.

"Same time next week then, I'll make another appointment," I said.

"Sure, wear a white bikini next week!" he smiled.