 "You know I would do most anything for you Harry - but this, well, I don't think I am ready yet."

He looked at me glum like and I couldn't help feeling sorry for the old guy.

It had been a month since we became more intimate in as much as he persuaded me, after some deliberation, to wank him.

I still am not sure if I am sexually inclined to do it with other guys anyway..

"You must like it, Pete you do it so nicely." Harry said warmly. After I told him about my doubts.

And what he said made me think what was I doing there anyway. When he enticed me to go to his place for a drink that really is all I intended. We met at the bowls club and I gave him a good thrashing, He reminded me of my Dad in a way although he was probably younger than him, I reckoned him to be about twenty years older than me.

We sort of got chatting and I discovered his wife had died of cancer some three years back and I began to feel empathy for the guy.

"I'd love to do something with you, Pete - you know what I mean?" And that was not long after we-d got to his place and it suddenly dawned on me why he'd asked me, how could I be so naive!

I guess I would have given him short thrift if he hadn't of looked at me the way he did, the look of a real lusty guy eyeballing me below, commenting what a great bum I got.

For the first time in my life I had been embarrassed by a member of my own sex.. It just came out of the blue and to be honest I was in a bit of a quandary.

"Think about it, Pete - you may very well like it - and I'm game if you are and I promise to be as discrete you want me to be."

I looked at him in another way now, he was not just the guy I was sharing a drink with but something else, and could I really indulge in anything which then seemed so absolutely bizarre?

"Just take a look, see what you think, no pressure, Pete, you are such a nice lad I would love to do something."

He started to unzip his corduroy trousers and tell him to go do the other thing!

At that point I didn't know if I was coming or going but I just stood there, as if frozen.

"There, that didn't hurt Pete did it?"

"No!" I said feeling my eyes focussed on his credentials - his hand working busily there it until his appendage rose up like mine does when I play with it, when I feel all those wonderful desires like I wanted to be with a girl.

But this was a guy, I was just eighteen and he was fifty!

And yet...

I did feel something stir.

Harry seemed to notice too and a wide smile creased his face.

"Touch me," he said warmly, "touch me and once you have, you will soon get into it."

I paused and carried on looking, watching him starting to wank himself, but the infinite urge to touch was there, I actually wanted to touch and gingerly I stretched down my hand to take hold of his cock and that was it, it seemed not strange but oddly natural. It felt warm and good and, hearing Harry's vocal reaction I felt good about giving another enjoyment.

I felt myself wanting to go further, I squeezed and got use to the idea of cock in hand, and another guys cock at that.

"There, that's not so bad after all is it Pete? And it is far better than wanking yourself because that way you have control over movement, whish makes it all a lot more pleasurable. Just help yourself and let me enjoy, there, feel it throb in your hand like this ..."

We were both silent then as I started to massage him, his hand occasionally gripping mine and prompting me to try another stance, he showed me just how he wanted it, I started to stretch his foreskin right back and marvelled at his sizeable knob all pink and wet. I recognised the scent, just like mine after I had wanked, very earthy and pungent, certainly a turn- on because I felt an arousal in my pants.

Harry was not slow to notice and all at once I felt this wonderful soothing feeling down there. Harry was touching me too and suddenly a whole new world opened for me.

For the next few minutes we silently indulged in a sort of wild frenzy orgy, he stripped me completely and I felt his hands exploring me everywhere, and I mean everywhere!

Somehow he coaxed me to lay on his settee and the feel of his rough hands indulged what seemed my very being. I thrilled at the thought of what he would do next for that moment it was all one sided - although I found myself squeezing his cock when I managed to catch a hold of it, he was so busy with his experimentations, moving about everywhere, it was hard to locate. But when I did I realised with all that he was doing to me, that I would love for him to put that wonderful attribute inside my ass, I really did. So I knew at that time I did have a gay leaning and I felt good about that, it was like a brand new wonderful world was opening for me.

I lusted as his head furrowed between my thighs, his rough hands forcing them apart as he indulged deeper , rubbing his face ardently against my cock and balls, kissing and sucking there, sniffing me like I was a hot dinner ready for the eating, that's how I felt as his sucking and licking became more intense and I yelled I would cum if he didn't stop!

But then he did something that certainly was going to change my whole concept of what homosexual sex was, I felt him licking me there, his mouth and fingers starting to rim me, I felt the passion rise as he pushed something onto me, I presumes a finger - maybe two, I yelped and for a now my moment to cum was interrupted. Harry told me to hang on, he'd get some lube to make it easy. Me laying there wondering how it would feel, now I knew his intention, obviously he wanted my ass, Would I give it to him? I was still apprehensive to be doing this with another guy, wanking was fine and up to now the rest was wonderful, but actually letting him put his ravaging cock inside me was another kettle of fish.

But then there was me thinking he was really hot, thinking how it must feel for a girl first time when she realised there was no stopping it, that she hadn't quite understood what snogging would lead to.

That is how I felt, Harry was a big strong guy and I felt like if I wanted to stop it happening, he would possible rape me But really was there any need for that, after all I had already imagined how it would be if he did put it into me, then he returned panting like there was no tomorrow, the look on his face told me he was up for it, his cock showing the way before him, it was as if he was in a complete world of his own, that he had just one thing only on his mind, and I was soon going to discover exactly what that was..

But to give him his due - then he poked his fingers into me again, working them around inside with lots of lube, it felt a lot better and the stretching started to feel actually good, he told me to bend over the arm of the settee to give him more access and I obeyed -for the first time I wanted to feel his sweet cock up me - , for one thing it didn't have finger nails and was more apt for the job in hand. He showed me how to place myself on all fours and spread my legs so he could get between me, but first he said to prepare him I must suck him and all at once I felt his huge fat cock fill my mouth, tasting of the sea, pungent and I felt some moisture which must have been his pre-cum trickle down my chin. somehow a big, big turn on, I sucked him well and suddenly he withdrew it from my mouth, yelled at me to get on all fours again, and then I felt the strong grip of his rough hands on my thighs and new at that instant I was about to feel my first fuck of a guy.

"Just grit your teeth and it will be fine" he yelled starting to open me up with the head of his busy cock.

It was like he was bursting me open, I really thought non way was he going to get that into me, no way - but he was determined to fuck me no matter what, he worked me slowly at first, telling me to help him by shaking my ass around. I felt it going deeper, wondered how far it was into me as a sort of numbness came and he slapped my ass - I twisted my hand back to feel his cock, to feel how far it was into me, I was amazed to find it was all up me except about an inch or so, then I felt him start to pull back which was a bit painful, then another surge and this time he must have got it right into me because he shouted Allah!

"Now Pete I am really going to fuck your ass numb so let's do it together babe " OMG! It bloody hurt, it was so tight inside me, I tried to move thinking thata may help, but it made it worse, he carried on fucking and fucking me, each deep hard thrust coming with loud grunt like and animal and I felt completely beholden to him.

I was hoping it would soon finish, the pain was intense, but all of a sudden the pain was gone, I guess I was fully open and st4retched, his cock riveting me, I closed my eyes and enjoyed the rest of his fuck, soon to hear him cum with another rousing "Allah."

And after all that he praised me, he rubbed some cream into my well fucked numb hole and said it would be even better next time.

After that I decided to 'come out' big time. Now I was focussed on Harry. He was divine and I absolutely admired him for making me aware of my true potential and leaning.