 Keith sat at the kitchen table, angry. It was his 18th birthday, and he spent it alone.

"That bitch." he fumed, "She can't spend one lousy fucking day with her only son."

Keith's mother, Sheila, was at that moment in her bedroom. The words she used with Keith was "entertaining a friend" but he classified it as "being a whore". She spent a lot of time "entertaining" or going out with one of them. Keith was sure that there was "entertainment" going on then, too.

"One day, just one day was all I asked," Keith muttered. "I ought to go kick the door in and bitch her out."

Deep in his mind, however, he knew better. He was never good at confrontation, especially when his mother was involved. The few times that he actually had the nerve to say anything to her, she'd looked at him with those tired, beaten eyes, and his anger immediately melted.

He knew the story well. She'd was only 14 when she gotten pregnant with him by the married next-door neighbor. Her dysfunctional family had kicked her out of the house, the man who impregnated her refused to have anything to do with her. She'd had him and then lived on her wits (Keith translated that as being a whore) for a year before she was noticed by a group of well-to-do men. They'd made an arrangement with her: If she spread her legs exclusively for them, they would pay the rent, grocery bill, clothing bill. There wasn't much in the house, but they never lacked for essentials.

Keith cringed every time she'd reminded him of what she was doing for his future. Her future was dark, bleak, and without much hope. With no skills besides offering her body to men, she knew she couldn't make it on her own. Her one lone hope was that Keith would one day leave the house and make his mark on the world.

Keith refused to interact with the men whenever they came over. He rarely even saw any of them, usually going to his room when the door opened, and coming back out when he heard the door shut as they left. Today, however, he'd come home from school and she was already with some man in her bedroom. Concentrating on his self-pity, he failed to hear the noises stop in her bedroom, or the squeak of her bedroom door opening.

"Hello, Keith," the man who had just gotten done fucking his mother said. He was tall and powerfully built. The lines on his face and the tint of grey in his hair put his age at the late 50's

Keith looked up at him. "Hello yourself," he said nastily. "Now there's the door, why don't you trip your ass out of it?"

"You've grown since the last time I saw you," the man said. moving around behind Keith and putting a meaty hand on his shoulder. "Grown a bit of an attitude, also, I see."

"You got your nut in Mom," Keith snarled. "Now leave."

The man shoved Keith off the chair and onto the floor. "You don't know how good the two of you have it," he growled. "There's much, much worse things that could have happened to you and your mother. I think a little appreciation is in order."

Keith sprang to his feet. "Appreciate that you and your friends use my mom as a cum dumpster? We'd have been better off starving in the streets," he yelled.

The man balled his hand into a fist, and punched Keith in the stomach. Keith doubled over, the wind knocked out of him.

Sheila had appeared in the doorway, wearing a flimsy robe. "Warren, NO!" she said, rushing over to her son.

"Stay out of it, Sheila," Warren growled. "I tried to be nice, but he doesn't want to play nice."

Kneeling by Keith, Sheila looked up at Warren with moist eyes. "Just leave him alone, please?" she begged. "He'll apologize, won't you, Keith?"

"Fuck him," Keith said, wheezing. "I'm not going to apologize to him."

Sheila's gaze went from Warren to Keith. "Please, please, baby," she cried, tears running down her face and ruining her makeup. "Just apologize and everything will be ok."

Keith struggled to his feet. "Fuck no," he replied, anger flashing in his eyes.

Warren's arm flew out and he punched Keith in the stomach a second time. The breath that he'd just recovered whooshed out of his lungs, and he collapsed again.

Sheila jumped up and pummeled Warren's chest with her fists. "LEAVE HIM ALONE!" she screamed, her tears flowing down her cheeks.

Warren barely noticed her. Still looking at Keith, he grabbed her wrists and led her over to the couch in the living room. He pushed her down onto the couch, then raised a finger in warning.

"You sit there. You do nothing. You say nothing. Otherwise, our agreement is null and void," he said. "Do you understand? I mean everything we've promised to you is out the window if you say or do one more thing."

She nodded, sobbing uncontrollably, then covered her eyes with her balled up hands.

Warren walked back over to Keith. Looking down at him gasping for breath, he said, "It just occurred to me that you've been living here under me and my friends' good graces, and yet haven't paid anything for all that."

Warren grabbed Keith by the hair and yanked him to his knees. "I think it's time for you to start paying your share, boy. Since you don't have anything I want, I'll take it out in trade...like I do with your mother."

Still holding Keith by the hair with one hand, he used his other hand to unzip his pants and pull out his dick. "You can start by sucking my dick right now," he said, menacingly.

Keith's eyes flew open. Warren couldn't possibly mean it. It was just a threat, intimidation.

Warren slapped Keith across the face. "Suck it! You've got back rent due, boy, so get your mouth on my dick RIGHT FUCKING NOW!"

"I'm not sucking yours or anybody elses dick," Keith said, defiantly.

Warren yanked Keith's hair, then leaned over him. "If you don't, then BOTH of you are out right now with just the clothes on your back. No money, no house, no food. How long do you think it'll take your mother turning tricks on the street before you can afford to eat? Which john will be the one that beats her up, or kills her? What disease will she die from because you're too fucking proud to pay your share of the rent?"

Keith's face went pale. His defiance was not only affecting him, it was also affecting his mother. He thought that her life was shitty, but suddenly realized that it could be even worse.

Warren loosened the grip on Keith's hair. "Well? he demanded. "What's it going to be? My dick, or the street?"

Keith was deathly afraid now, but not afraid of Warren. He was afraid for his mother and what might happen to her if he didn't comply with Warren's demands. Despite how angry he was at her earlier, the only thing he could think of now was to protect her.

Hesitantly, Keith leaned forward and extended his tongue. It bumped into the head of Warren's dick, and he recoiled.

"Thinking about tripping your ass out the door?" Warren said, mocking Keith with his own words from earlier. "Suck it, or walk out. I'll make damn sure your mother is about two steps behind you."

Screwing his face up in distaste, Keith again leaned forward until Warrens dick was against his lips. Opening his mouth slightly, he let his lips slide over the cockhead.

"That's better," Warren growled.

Keith slowly took Warrens length in his mouth, gagging slightly from the taste and feel of it. He sat there, with Warrens dick in his mouth, not moving.

"Jesus Christ," Warren muttered. "Are you too stupid to figure out how to suck a dick? Need me to get your mother over here to show you how?"

Keith slowly started sucking. It tasted weird, and felt weird. Clumsily, he moved his mouth up and down Warren's shaft. Warren's hand guided him forcefully.

"I can see it's going to take you a while to learn," Warren said. "I'll take care of the rest of this one for you." Both of his hands grabbed handfuls of Keith's hair, and he began pumping his dick in and out of Keith's mouth.

Keith gagged, then gagged again as Warren's dick pushed into the back of his throat. Warren fucked Keith's mouth mercilessly as Keith helplessly hung on.

Warren shoved his cock deep into Keith's mouth as his dick started pumping cum down Keith's throat. Keith gagged yet again, trying to pull his head back and his mouth off of Warren's dick, but the hands on his head clenched his hair in a death-grip. The cum slid out his mouth and down his chin.

Sated, Warren yanked his dick out of Keith's mouth. "Clean me up," he commanded.

Keith looked up at him with teary eyes. He felt humiliated that another man had just pumped a load of cum into his mouth.

Warren shook his dick at Keith's face. "Clean me up, dammit. The door is still an option."

Keith closed his eyes, a tear running down his face. He stuck his tongue out fully, and licked the cum off of Warren's dick. Warren grunted at the victory, then shoved Keith back. Tucking his dick back into his pants, he walked over to Sheila.

"The deal stays in place, but he's going to do his share from now on. And not just with me, with everyone. Do you agree?" he said, looking down at her.

Sheila looked up at him with puffy eyes and nodded, biting her lower lip. Then, to Keith's amazement, he bend over and kissed her lips. Standing up straight, he walked over to the door then stopped and turned to Keith.

"When me or any of my friends come over, you'd better show some appreciation. A LOT of appreciation," he said. Then he turned and left.

Keith slowly got to his feet and walked over to Sheila. She looked up at him in anger and then jumped to her feet.

"STUPID!" she raged at him, her hands slapping at him. "You almost ruined EVERYTHING. You little bastard!"

Keith threw up his arms to ward off his mother's blows, and backed up. He was surprised at her reaction. "But...but...but.....I hate the way they use you, Mom!" he cried.

"Use ME?" she screamed. "I'm using THEM!"

The look on Keith's face changed to shock. "What?"

She glared at him. "They come over here and fuck me. And honestly, it's not so bad. Most of them are pretty good in bed, ESPECIALLY Warren. I like him a lot."

She stuck her finger in Keith's face. "They've taken care of us your whole damn life. They're going to pay your way through college, you stupid little shit. And once you graduate, this house is MINE! We all agreed!"

"You can't trust them, Mom!" he cried. "How do you know they'll keep their word?"

Sheila deflated a bit, her anger wearing off. "Because they've done everything they've promised me so far. The house, the car, paying the bills, and more."

She sat back down on the couch with a thud, and looked up at him wearily. "Do you remember going to Disney World when you were 10? We rode the bus there and back, but we stayed at a nice hotel and we were there..what, a week?"

Keith nodded, sitting on the couch next to her.

"That was Warren's idea. He paid for all of it. And you remember when you fell out of the tree in the back yard and broke your arm? Guess who paid the medical bills." She sat back, looking exhausted.

"But you still have to fuck them," Keith said, slightly accusingly.

"No, not always," Sheila sighed. "Most of them don't even come around much any more. Warren is the only regular one, and half the time we don't even have sex. We just lay on the bed and talk. He's very sweet and gentle with me...takes me out to dinner, to the movies."

It was difficult for Keith to match the gentle giant that his mother was describing with the angry man who'd just forced his dick into Keith's mouth.

Sheila gently placed her hands on either side of Keith's face. "Just do what he says, baby," she pleaded, "and maybe we can salvage everything."

Keith looked at her with pleading eyes. "Do I have to?" he said, quietly. He really didn't want to repeat what just happened.

"Yes, baby, you do," Sheila said, sighing.

The next morning, Keith woke up late from a fitful sleep. Throwing his clothes on, he dashed out of the house with a "Going to school!" thrown in the general direction of his mother's room. The day at school was hell...he couldn't pay attention and his mind wandered back to the events from the previous day. It was a relief when the school day was finally over and he walked home.

As he turned the corner onto his street, he saw a car pull into the driveway. Keith's pace slowed as he saw Warren get out, walk up to the door, and knock. Sheila answered the door, hugged Warren, and the two went into the house together.

Keith didn't want to go into the house while Warren was there, but he was curious about what Warren and his mother were saying. He snuck around to the back, and quietly opened the back door. Tiptoeing into the kitchen, he could hear their conversation.

"...sorry about yesterday. I hope you know that I never would have done the things I said," Warren was saying. "He made me really mad, the way he acted." He actually sounded contrite.

"I know, Warren," Sheila replied. "I don't like what you did, though."

"It just popped into my head. Besides, he's almost as cute as you," Warren chuckled.

"Warren!" Sheila laughed.

Keith heard them kiss, then Warren continued. "Just kidding. I don't swing that way, it was the anger. I'm not going to do anything with him again, promise, but I have to maintain my control over him. Sooooo.....I asked my son Jack to come over and meet him."

Sheila said, "Isn't he.."

Warren cut her off. "Yep."

"This isn't anything permanent?" Sheila asked, hesitantly.

"No, just until Keith graduates college. Then he's free to go on his merry way, and you and I can ride off into the sunset together," Warren said, a grin in his voice. "If you agree to it, of course."

"I agree," Sheila replied, almost ritualistically.

"Ok," Warren said. "Jack should be here any time now. Shouldn't Keith be home from school by now?"

Realizing that it was well past the time her normally got home, Keith quietly made his way back out the door and around the house then walked in the front door. "I'm home, Mom," he called. He never announced his return in the past, so he was kicked himself for acting out of the ordinary.

"There you are," Sheila said, smiling. "We were just talking about you."

Warren made his presence know, and said, "Hello, Keith."

Keith looked at him levelly and replied "Hello."

"Sir," Sheila whispered loudly.

"Hello, sir," Keith said with no inflection.

"How are you," Warren inquired.

"Fine, sir," Keith replied.

"Your mother and I are going out," Warren said, his voice neutral. "My son Jack is coming over to keep you company. Do what he says."

Keith let a moment of silence go by, and then replied, "Yes, sir."

Sheila and Warren left, and before long another man walked into the house. It was obvious that he was Warren's son, looking like a younger copy of his father.

"You must be Keith," Jack said, smiling.

"Yeah," Keith said. He tried to keep the anger out of his voice and mostly succeeded. "I supposed I have to suck your dick like I sucked your dad's."

Jack shrugged. "Maybe later, if you want to," Jack said. "I was a bit more interested in sucking yours, first."

Keith started, taken aback. "Uh.....huh?" he said, confused.

"Dad didn't tell you that I was gay?" Jack smiled at him.

Keith shook his head. "No, we don't talk much," he replied, the distaste for Warren obvious in his voice.

"Too bad," Jack said. "He's a great guy." Jack walked up to Keith and gave him a once-over. "Now why don't you sit down and let me see what you've got hidden in those pants."

Keith warily sat on the couch. He watched as Jack knelt down in front of him, unzipped Keith's pants, and pulled his soft dick from them.

"Not bad," Jack said, leaning forward and taking Keith in his mouth.

Keith gasped in air at the sensation of Jack's lips and tongue sliding down his dick. He was a virgin, never had any form of sex besides masturbation and petting with a girl from school a couple of times. He had no idea that a mouth on his dick would feel so good, even if it was a man's.

His cock sprang to full hardness as Jack slowly ran his mouth up and down it. Being his first blowjob, Keith didn't know if Jack was talented or not. He just knew that it felt pretty damn good. He leaned back on the couch, enjoying the sensation.

Jack pulled Keith's dick from his mouth and grinned up at him. "Not so bad after all, huh?" he grinned. His tongue extended from his mouth and lapped lazy circles around Keith's cockhead.

Keith hands involuntarily shot out and grabbed Jack's head, pulling Jack back on his dick. Jack chuckled as Keith's dick slid between his lips, sucking harder and more forcefully.

"Jesus," Keith moaned, looking down at Jack's mouth sliding up and down his dick. The sensation was incredible, and his dick was throbbing.

Jack could tell that this was Keith's first time, and his mouth worked magic on Keith's dick. When he felt Keith getting close to cumming, he'd slow down, then pick right back up to bring Keith right to the edge.

Keith was groaning in pleasure, and his hands on Jack's head urged him on. He really wanted to cum, needed to cum. He couldn't take much more of the sensation without exploding.

Jack took pity on Keith, and took his dick deep into his mouth, the head of Keith's dick pushed up against the back of his throat. His nose was buried in Keith's pubic hair.

That pushed Keith over the edge. He convulsed as his dick started shooting out wad after wad of tangy hot cum. Keith never felt an orgasm like this, and dimly thought that he was going to drown Jack in his cum.

Jack, however, was swallowing for all he was worth. He sensed that it was the first time that Keith had had his dick sucked, and he was prepared for it. The cum went down his throat as fast as Keith pumped it in his mouth.

Keith's orgasm subsided and his body, tensed from the throes, slowly relaxed. His head fell back onto the back of the couch, and his hands slid off Jack's head and hung limply beside him.

Jack pulled Keith's softening dick out of his mouth. Smiling up at Keith, he said "Pretty good, huh?"

"Shit, yes," Keith said weakly.

Jack stood up, and wiped cum from his lips. He grabbed Keith's hands and said, "Come on, let's move to the bedroom. One blowjob doesn't make a whole evening." He pulled Keith upright, and then kissed him fully on the mouth.

Keith jerked back, surprised, but Jack grabbed Keith's head and didn't let him go. Jack's tongue slipped inside of Keith's mouth, and Keith could taste the tang of his cum. He wanted to pull away, but the kiss felt pretty good. His soft dick twiched a notch towards hardness again.

Jack broke the kiss and grabbed Keith's hand. "Which way to your bedroom?" he asked, with a devilish grin.

Keith led him through the short hallway that ended at his bedroom. Opening the door, he let Jack in and closed it behind him.

The room was pretty similar to any 18 year old's...a shambles. Dirty clothes littered the floor, and empty dishes sat on the dresser and nightstand. Various odds and ends of unfinished hobbies were strewed about. Jack tsk'd at him, then cleared some room on the bed.

"Get undressed," he said, shucking his shoes and shirt.

"Do I have to?" Keith replied. Despite the fantastic blowjob Jack had given him, he still wasn't comfortable about being naked in bed with another man.

"Actually, no," Jack said, finishing undressing and laying on the bed. "Dad gave me a bit of the back story with you, but I'm not him. However, the less you do, the less you'll enjoy. And trust me, you'll enjoy." His hard dick slowly swayed back and forth as he talked.

Keith looked at Jack's naked body. He was surprised to find that he wasn't nauseated or revolted. All that naked skin actually looked pretty good. He'd never gotten naked with anyone before, and his dick was starting to grow again at the sight. He slowly pulled off his shirt and shoes, then gulped and pulled off his pants. He laid on the bed next to Jack.
