 I really have never been with a guy – the following is fictional, though after writing it I am begging to wish someone would make my dreams come true.

* * * * *

I'd been working out the gym for a while now. I am fit but not bulging with muscles. Let's get the description out of the way – 5'8, dark hair, brown eyes, slim / fit build, a little hair over my body and starting to thin on top – just your average 30 something guy. I have had my share of girlfriends but I was between relationships when it all changed for me.

So there I was at the gym minding my own business. It's the kind of friendly place where people say hi to one another, which is also due to the fact that it is not a particularly busy place. There were only about 6 or 7 people there on this Saturday morning. I had just finished my workout and was getting ready to leave when one of the guys asked if I would help him out. He just wanted me to stand over him for safety while he bench pressed some weights. He was probably 10 years older than me and a bit taller but with a similar physique. I watched him do a couple of sets easily enough. By the third set he was starting to struggle a little with the weight and asked me to put it back for him – which I did. He apologised saying he was distracted. I thought nothing of it. I nodded and started for the door. 

When I got to the car park, he was right behind me. 

"Thanks for your help in there. My name is Steve"

"Damien – nice to meet you."

"Do you have a big day ahead?" Steve asked.

"Not much planned to be honest. Just a quiet day at home relaxing. What about you?"

"I've got a bit of moving to do in my garden. In fact I know we have only just met, but would you mind helping me out – it will not take long I promise," said Steve

As he had kind of cornered me into admitting I had nothing else planned, and being the obliging person I am, I said ok. I followed Steve back to his place. He had a small house in a quiet street. He led me straight out to his back garden. It was a mess out there. There had been a bit of rain lately and the garden was more mud than anything else.

Steve said, "As you can see, I have a bit of work to do to fix this place up a bit. I have not been here for long. The only thing I need to do today is move a couple of large items I have stored in the back shed. Normally I would not ask strangers to help, but well I am new here and really don't have any friends here."

I said, "No problems, happy to help."

We got the first item inside, a large bookcase and Steve offered me a drink. He said he did not have any beer so offered either tap water or a coke. "You can have a shot of bourbon in it if you like – I feel like I need one."

I said, "sounds good to me."

We finished our drinks making idle chit chat before we headed back out to move dining table inside. We were almost at the house when Steve stumbled forcing both of us to the ground. Neither of us were hurt, but we were covered in mud. We tried in vein to brush it off. When we got to the front step we removed our shoes so we could carry the table in without bring the mud in with us. Steve said, "I'm so sorry about that. You can't go home like that or you will be cleaning your car out for the rest of the afternoon. Let me wash your clothes while we have a shower and chill out for a while."

With that Steve took his t-shirt off and reached his hand out to help me out of my top. We were both down to our underwear.

I joked, "I don't normally strip down in a stranger's place."

Steve laughed. "We're all guys here. Besides you've got a great body, you should show it off."

"I'm not sure how to respond to that. I've never thought of myself as having a good body. You look a lot fitter than," I said.

"Come with me – the laundry is next to the bathroom. Jump in the shower while I throw these clothes in. I may as well wash your briefs at the same time," he said.

I am a pretty shy person and never been one for locker rooms etc. I was not used to being naked in front of a guy, in fact I am pretty sure it was a first for me. But I felt silly saying no it's ok – he was waiting for me, so I took them off. He smiled and pointed to the shower.

"I'll bring some towels in after I get this wash on," said Steve.

I jumped in and got the hot water running. I had soaped myself up and was rinsing it off when the door opened. 

"I hope you don't mind, but I have a small hot water tank and it will be an hour before it refills," said Steve

What was I supposed to say other than my usual obliging nod of acceptance. This was a weird situation to say the least for me. 

Steve broke a silence of a minute or so while we had been washing ourselves when he said "thanks again for all this help. You are a great guy Damien." With that he took me completely by surprise and kissed me on the lips. He pushed me back against the wall and forced his tongue down my throat. I was so shocked my head was spinning. I put my hands on his shoulders and pushed him away.

"I'm sorry Damien – I could not control myself. You are so gorgeous. I just want to show my appreciation. I want to devour every inch of your body," said Steve

"Hang on a minute, I am not like that. I mean I have never been with a guy before." I found myself repeating that much used Seinfeld line "not that there is anything wrong you being gay."

"But you have thought about it right. I mean you seemed to be flirting with me and giving me all the signals. You are naked in the shower with me after all, not to mention the fact that you look as though you are excited." Said Steve in a slightly more aggressive tone than what he had used with me til now.

I looked down and noticed my cock was semi hard.

"I guess I have thought about what it would be like to be with a guy, but nothing more than a passing thought. I am not much good at flirting to be honest. In fact all my girlfriends have said I am hopeless at reading the signals..." I said.

Steve cut me off. "Don't say anything and just enjoy."

With that Steve was on his knees in front of me. As the water poured over us, he engulfed my cock which immediately sprang to complete attention. In not time he had worked up a rhythm sliding up and over my ever hardening shaft. His hands had slid up and down my body at first and then over my ass before he started work on my balls. I was lost in ecstasy – this was a better blow job than any woman had given me.

Without warning the hot water turned cold.

Steve said, "lets get out of here." With that he threw me a towel. "Damn!" said Steve.

I looked at him inquisitively and afraid I done something wrong to turn him off. I was confused by this point. I could not believe I had just been naked with a guy in the shower and let him suck my cock. – "what's wrong."

Steve said, "I'm not sure should say" "What" I said. "Well when I through the towel I bumped the camera."

Ok now I was really confused – and he could see that without me saying a word.

"I have a website that I broadcast my movements around the house on. But don't worry, I was recording you but it was not being streamed. I didn't mean to record you, I forgot I had left it on from before I left this morning."

He didn't give me time to think about it. Steve grabbed my hand and led me to his study where his computer was set up. He quickly proved the pics were not live. "Do you want to see what I have recorded?"

Ok now I was really spinning out of control. He wasn't waiting for a response – the next thing I knew I was watching myself being kissed and sucked and enjoying it.

"You are hot. Have you really never been with a guy before?" he asked. I shook my head – "really".

"I am going to show you what it is likely to really be with a man! I am going to film it to, so you can see how hot you are. The only choice I am going to give you for the rest of the day is whether or not you want it to be streamed live to my subscribers. If I tell them you are a virgin, they will pay extra and I will really make sure you get the full experience."

I finally found my voice after being stunned into silence for a few moments. "But how do you know I even want to have sex with you (I could hardly believe I was even saying this to a guy) let alone letting the world watch?" I said.

"Nobody as hot as you should miss out on this experience. If you did not want me then you would have got out of here a long time ago. In fact you would never have fallen for all my lines and plans including my trip outside unless you wanted it. In fact after watching the shower scene back, I think I should just take complete charge." With that he punched a couple of buttons on the computer and typed a quick message to all his subscribers. We were live and within seconds there were people all over the world tuned in.

Steve removed a cover from a big screen mounted on the wall which showed everything from all the cameras. He told me it was so we could watch ourselves and that it would make the experience even hornier. He had at least 6 cameras positioned around the room. The subscribers could switch angles and move the cameras themselves. They followed our every move.

Steve kissed me and pushed me back on to the bed. I felt our cocks against each other as he pushed his weight against me. Slowly then he worked his way down my body. He licked every part of my chest as he rubbed his hands on my legs. By the time he reached my cock it was very hard again. He made sure the cameras had a great view of my 7.5 inches cut. He stroked it his fingers, using his saliva to help with the movement. Then he looked at me and down at the tip before engulfing it, working his way up and down with a real rhythm. In no time he brought me close to the point of no return. He knew I was close to cumming so he stopped.

"Now its your turn. I bet you have never even tasted your own cum even out of one of your girlfriends mouth or pussy", he said. I shook my head.

He stood on the bed and told me to kneel in front of him. He was careful to turn us around so could both see the screen. I looked at his cock closely for the first time. He thicker and bigger (at 8 inches) than me and uncut. He was semi-hard as he instructed me touch it.

For the first time I felt another man's cock in my hands. It started to grow with my touch. I stroked it slowly at first. 

"Put in your mouth" Steve demanded.

He fed me his cock pushing the tip inside my mouth instinctively I began to suck on it. With my tongue I pushed the foreskin back and sucked n that tip tasting some pre-cum. Steve was enjoying my mouth as he grabbed the back of my head pushed more of his length in my mouth. I forced me into a steady rhythm sucking and licking his length or at least part of it.

After a while he took his cock out and rubbed it over my face, making my tongue try to follow it as if I was begging for him to put back in. He took that as a sign and this time he pushed his cock in to the point where it hit my gag reflex. He pushed past it and his full length was in my mouth. He told me to relax and go with it. At this point I was not like I had a choice. I sucked harder as I felt his balls slap against my chin. He thrust in and out of mouth faster now. I could feel his cock really start to throb. Then I felt it start to twitch more. Before I knew it he was pumping his load deep down my throat. As some started to spill out of the corner of my mouth he removed his cock and covered my face with his last squirts of cum. Then he took his cum covered cock and rubbed it over me.

Steve threw me down and kissed me again deeply sucking some of his cum from my mouth. 

We kissed for what seemed liked ages as he thrust his body on me, squeezing my nipples and playing with my ass. Then he stopped.

"Time to check out what our audience thought while I let you watch it back. While you watch I want you to masturbate. I want you to cum all over your chest."

I was under his power, not to mention hornier than I could ever remember. I found myself engrossed by the scene before me. The image of this virtual strangers cock being pushed into my mouth. The site of me enjoying myself so much had me hard and stroking myself.

Steve meanwhile was busy typing away. 

After a few minutes I started to moan. "I am so close". Steve says "when you see me cum on screen I want you to cum."

It was lucky I knew it was about to happen because I don't think I could have held off for long. We both exploded. I emptied a massive load over my chest. Some even came up and hit me in the face. I licked my lips to catch some.

Steve watched me as I exploded.

"I've been talking to my subscribers and they agree that you are so hot. They all want to see me break that virgin ass of yours. You want to feel my cock inside you don't you? You want to know what it feels like to have a man fuck you hard!" Steve did not really phrase it as a question as much as a statement of fact.

I was still sitting up in the bed when he stood over me. He pushed my legs back over my head and then pushed his tongue deep into my ass. Every now and then he would stop and pull my cheeks apart making sure everyone watching could see my tight little hole. After licking it for a while he got some of my cum from my chest on his fingers and pushed one then two into my ass. He started to work them in and out as I moaned in pleasure. When he pulled them out it felt like something was missing. He gave me his fingers and told me to lick them clean, which I did eagerly.

While I was savouring the taste I felt his cock against my hole. It was very hard. Steve held my legs over his shoulders as he pushed into me. He told it would hurt but to relax and enjoy. With that he thrust in hard. I moaned in pain, but it was no good, he was pushing in harder and further. By the time he pushed his entire length into me it had switched form pain to pleasure. 

We were both moaning. Steve was telling me I was the best fuck ever and that he was going to cum in my tight virgin ass so the world could see. I caught a glimpse of myself on the screen as he thrust harder. His balls slapped against my cheeks. Steve pushed his body down so he could kiss me as he continued to fuck me. I could feel his cock really throbbing.

Steve wasn't ready to cum yet. He wanted me on all fours. It seems his audience wanted a good view of my ass and his cock. With that he pushed my head down and forced my ass up. He pushed his cock back in and my ass just seemed to suck it up. For the next five minutes he pounded my ass and told me how good I was and how much he was loving fucking me. At one point he reached down and played with cock which was now fully erect. Then I felt it. His cock stiffening. It twitched as it had done when he exploded in my mouth. He cum filled my ass. He pulled out before he was done and squirted the rest on my back. He ordered me up and on my knees to suck his cock clean. I could taste his juices mixed with the taste of my ass. 

I was exhausted and sore. Steve handed me a drink and told me to rest while he collected the feedback from the audience.

"You were the best fuck ever. I am so glad I ran into you in the gym this morning. I have been watching you for weeks planning this and dreaming about you." Said Steve.

I drifted off into a hazy dream. I could not believe what had just happened and just how much I had enjoyed it.

-----------------

If you enjoyed the story - please send me a message. I would love to hear from you.