 One of my most memorable experiences happened as a result of an accident. At least that’s the way it seemed at the time. 

When I first moved to Orange County after my divorce, I bought a membership to one of the large gyms in the area. Like a lot of other people, my favorite workout time was from the gym’s opening at 4:30 till 5:30 a.m., followed by a ‘cool-down’ period, shower, dress and go. As anyone knows whose ever worked out at that time, it’s usually the same crowd day-in-day out, with of course, the exceptions of the holidays and summer months, when even the ‘regulars’ take a break. 

Then there is always the post-New Year’s crowd. These are the people who figure it’s time to get in shape so they run out and get sold on some expensive membership that may last two or three weeks at best. While we’ve all seen them come and go, it inevitably creates a log-jam of bodies for those first few weeks.

If you’ve ever been to a large chain club, you know that most of the lockers in the men’s locker-room are stacked, with basically one on top of the other. Ideally, during peak usage times, you can take an open locker when you get there, with the idea that, while you’re working out, the person above (or below) you, is showering and/or dressing. At least that’s the idea…

This particular incident happened on a morning during one of those peak-newbie periods in early January. Also, something a lot of people don’t realize is that, during these peak periods, a lot of the regulars will sort of cluster together (from a locker standpoint) until the wave has ended. Then everyone tends to fan back out into their comfort zone. It was on one of those mornings when Eric, a guy who joined the club at roughly the same time I did, and I arrived at about the same time. We were both running a little late so most of the lockers had been taken. As a result, I ended up taking a lower locker and Eric ended up getting the one directly above me.

We both went through our routines – which was a leg day for me. At the end of my workout, I was pretty well spent and headed to the showers.  Eric had finished up before me, and was already in the shower by the time I got to the locker room. By that time, the room was extremely crowded, but I managed to get a seat on the bench right in front of my locker. As I was trying to muster the energy to get up and head off to the shower, Eric emerged from the shower room, draped only in a towel. 

I was busy taking off my shoes when Eric leaned over me to reach his locker. As he did, his towel fell open, brushing the back of my neck, which caused me to look up. Whether it was an accident or not, as I looked up, there dangling mere milometers from my face was one of the nicest cocks and fullest set of balls I had ever seen. About that time, Eric realized what had happened and stepped back and around me. As he did, his towel fell onto the bench next to me.

“Sorry dude,” he said. “I didn’t see you there.”  

“Not a problem,” I responded, taking advantage of the opportunity to bend over and grab my own towel, making sure he had a good view of my ass, cock and balls from behind. “It’s always crowded in here this time of year,” I said.

As I stood to go into the shower room, Eric made his way back around me, ‘accidently’ brushing his cock against my hip. “My bad again,” he said. “You’re right, this place is crowded.” As I made my way over to the shower room door, I glanced in the mirror to get another glimpse of his cock as he dried off. As I showered that morning, I got hard just thinking about how nice it would be to suck Eric’s cock and swallow that huge load.

By the time I returned to the locker room, Eric was just finishing up in front of the mirror. I toweled off, got dressed and left the locker room wondering if that had really been a coincidence or if there was more to it.

Within five minutes, I had my answer.

Eric had stopped out front at the registration desk to chat up one of the girls who worked the early shift. He stopped talking to her as I walked by and caught up with me. “He John, I wanted to catch you on the way out to let you know I was sorry for what happened in there this morning.”

By this time, I was almost at my car. “Hey man, it was no big deal,” I said jokingly. Then, realizing this was my opportunity, I paused and added, “Well, actually it is a big deal, if you know what I mean. The next time you “accidentally” stick your cock in my face, don’t be surprised if I don’t see how big of a deal I can make it!”

“Wait a minute,” Eric said. “You’re joking me right? Are you saying what I think you’re saying? What? Are you threatening to punch me in the balls or something?”

I smiled. “No, I’m not talking about punching you in the balls,” I said, laughing. “I’m talking about something a lot more pleasurable than that.”

“What the fuck?” he said, leaning over to me. “Wait a minute… OK.” 

“OK what?” I said.

“Are you hitting on me? You want to suck my cock? Is that what you’re saying?” he asked disbelievingly.

“Hey, I’m not the one who stuck my cock in another guy’s face and then rubbed it against his ass. I just thought I’d put it out there if you might want me to do something about it,” I said coyly. 

“Wait a minute,” he said. “So you would like that?”

“Ok, let me spell it out for you. I still fuck women all the time. So, if anything did ever happen, it would be on the total DL. At the same time, I do meet up with guys from time to time. It’s strictly sucking and fucking – no kissing or anything like that and usually very little talking. I just thought you had a nice looking cock and you were trying to send me a message.”

“Dude, I’ve never messed around with a guy,” Eric said.

“That’s cool, like I said, I just thought I’d put it out there. Here’s my number, shoot me a text or give me a call if you change your mind.”

I had barely made it out of the parking lot before my phone rang. It was Eric.

“Hey man, it’s me, Eric.”

“Hey there. What took you so long?” I said jokingly.

“Really, dude, you just blew my mind with that whole conversation,” he said. “It took me a couple of minutes to process. So what kinds of things do you do with guys?” he asked.

“Well, kinda like what I told you,” I explained. “I don’t consider myself gay, so I’m not into relationships or anything like that. I do enjoy giving blow-jobs and on rare occasions, do anal. But it’s strictly sex.”

“Wow, I never would have figured that about you,” he said. “So, what, you just get with random guys and suck their dicks?”

“Well, yeah, I guess that’s pretty much the way it goes,” I said. “It’s usually guys I meet online or while I’m travelling. You’re the first guy whose ever stuck his dick in my face at the gym – and it’s a very nice one, I might add -  so I don’t know, I just thought I’d give it a shot if you’re up for it?”

“Hmmmmmm, dude, I can’t tell you how long it’s been since I’ve had a good blow-job, but I don’t know… where would we do this?”

“Well, you could come to my place,” I said. “I tell you what, think about it and then let me know. I’m cool either way. You’ve got my number.”

“Ok, wow,” he said. “Alright, how soon would you want to do it?”

“I’m pretty flexible,” I said. “I have the house to myself most of the time. What would be good for you?” 

“I don’t know,” he said. “And your place is totally private? I’m married dude – the last thing I would need is for someone to find out.”

“I totally get that,” I said. “I’m not married, but I’m the same way. Total discretion is a must. As far as any of my family, friends, co-workers, neighbors, etc. are concerned, I’m totally normal. Just think of it as you’d be stopping by a friend’s house to watch a game or have a beer or something.”

“Yeah,” he said. “What about your neighbors? What would they think?”

“Actually, no one would even see you. You let me know you’re coming over and when you’re close, I’ll open the garage, you’ll pull in, I’ll close the door and no one would ever be the wiser that you’re there.”

“Hmmmmmm. Alright. Let me think about it and I’ll get back to you,” he said.

“Ok, take your time. No pressure,” I said. “I’ll talk to you later.”

Just as I was pulling into the parking lot at work that morning, I received a text from Eric. It read: “You seem like a cool guy. Have you sucked a lot of guys?”

Bingo! I knew it! 

I sent back a short text… “Enough to know you won’t be disappointed!”

He quickly responded, “Ok, when?” 

I wrote back, “You can always come by my place tomorrow morning instead of going to the gym. That way nobody will be the wiser, not your wife, not anyone.”

“How about this evening? I could come by for a few minutes right after work. Super horny here!” he wrote.

“No problem,” I responded. “I should be home by 4:30. What time do you get off?”

“I’m usually off at 5, but I will try and leave a little early. You live alone right?”

“Yep,” I said.

“One more quick question… well actually a couple… you don’t have any diseases or anything do you?”

“No.” I wrote back. “And if it goes anything beyond a blow-job, I insist on playing safe.”

“Cool,” he responded. “And, um, I was just wondering…”

“Yes, I swallow, lol!” was my response.

“I’ll call you as soon as I get off and you can give me directions. You live in the OC, right?” 

“Yes, I’ll text you the address.”

“Cool, see you later, gotta go,” and with that he signed off.

All day, I kept watching the clock, waiting for afternoon to roll around. At 2:30, I told my assistant that I was going to check on a client and then head home. I knew my client was out that afternoon, but I went by to drop off a business card and to say hi to his staff, then I immediately headed home. I wanted to get there in plenty of time to clean up before Eric arrived. 

Eric called at exactly 4:30. “Hey, we still on?” he asked somewhat nervously.

“I am if you are. Did you get my text with the address?” I said.

“Yeah, I’m actually just getting off the freeway now. I should be there in a few minutes.”

“Cool,” I said. “I’m opening the garage.”

“Ok, see you in a few.”

Once Eric was in the garage, I closed the exterior door and waited for him to make his entry into the foyer. From the top of the stairs I called down to let him know to come on up. 

I met him at the top of the stairs. 

“Hey, glad you could make it,” I said. “Let me show you around if you have a minute…”

“Sure,” he said. “This is a nice place. You live here alone?”

“A lot of the time,” I said. “I have my daughters two days during the week and then every other weekend. Other than that, this is my bachelor pad.”

“Wow, that’s cool,” he said.

“Would you like a beer, glass or wine or a drink?” I asked. 

“Do you have anything stronger?” he said. “I usually don’t drink, but I’ll make an exception today.”

“Sure,” I said. “Whisky?”

“Yeah, that sounds good,” he replied.

“Uhmmm, where should we do this?” he asked. 

“Where ever you feel comfortable,” I said. “We have the whole house, although the kid’s rooms are off limits. Go ahead and get comfortable – I’ll be out in a second.”

By the time I came out of the kitchen with the drinks, Eric was already unbuttoning his slacks.

“Here’s your drink,” I said. “Cheers!”

“Cheers!” he said, taking the drink from my hand. He quickly downed it. “Ok, let’s do this,” he said as he slid off his loafers and removed his slacks and underwear.

His cock looked as good as I remembered. It was fairly thick with a perfectly shaped mushroom head. In addition to his nicely hung cock, what impressed me most was his very large, full balls. I could tell they hadn’t been fully drained in a while.

I took a sip of my drink and handed my glass to Eric. “Hold this,” I said, as I knelt down on my knees in front of him.

“Mind if I finish this?” he asked. “Go ahead,” I responded. I steadied myself by grabbing his hips and stuck out my tongue as I guided his cock into my mouth. I loved that he wasn’t already fully hard. It didn’t take long, however, before his cock sprung to full staff in my mouth.

“Wow, that feels really good,” he said. “You definitely know your way around.”

By that point, I was slowly pumping his dick and setting a rhythm for him to fuck my mouth. With my other hand, I was gently playing with his heavy balls, alternating with slight squeezes and tugs.  

“Fuck… oh yeah… that feels good,” he said.

Now that he was good and hard, I concentrated on taking him deeper and deeper into my mouth until I was able to get his entire length into my mouth and throat. I worked him until my lips were firmly pressed against the base of his shaft. As I worked him in and out of my mouth, I could taste the sweetness of his pre-cum.

“Dude, I’m not going to last much longer,” he said.

“That’s fine, go ahead and cum whenever you want,” I said in between bobs. 

I took my hands off his cock and balls and concentrated finishing him with only my mouth, tongue and throat. Within seconds, I felt his thighs and butt tense, signaling his eruption. For all of my effort, I was rewarded with several, huge thick spurts of cum. I knew there would be a lot, but the volume of heavy cream tucked away within his balls still surprised me. I gulped the first mouthful, then waited for him to finish before swallowing the next. 

I held is cockhead in my mouth for as long as I could, eagerly sucking out the last few remaining drops as his body quivered.

“Holy shit,” he said as I leaned back, satisfied that I’d completed his blow-job to Eric’s complete satisfaction. “Damn, I haven’t cum that hard in a long time. Wow! Thanks!” he added.

“My pleasure,” I said, wiping the corners of my mouth where a mixture of saliva and cum had leaked out. 

“And you swallowed it all,” he said.

“I think I got most of it,” I said. “Want me to check?” I joked, pretending to be leaning in for another round.

“No, no man, you definitely got it,” he said. “Fuck… that was hot! Where did you learn how to suck cock like that and like it?”

“It’s kind of a long story,” I said. “I got blackmailed into sucking this older guy’s cock when I was 15. I’ve kind of been hooked ever since,” I laughed. “From my experience, most guys – and girls for that matter – either love it or they hate it. I guess I just fell into that first category. For the most part, I love the taste of cum and the how it feels when a guy explodes in my mouth. I like anal too, but I’ve kinda gotta be in the right frame of mind and have prepared properly – if you know what I mean. It takes a little time and preparation to clean properly. You definitely don’t want any surprise messes.”

“Yeah, I totally see that,” he said as he reached for his pants and underwear. “That would be gross sticking your dick up someone’s dirty ass. So, what do you do?”

“What, to prepare?” I asked.

“Yeah,” he said curiously.

“Well, if I know well enough ahead of time, I start by watching what I eat the day before. Then, the day of, I try to have a good bowel movement and afterward, I clean out with a thorough enema. That usually means three or four good, deep cleanses.”

“Wow, that sounds like a lot of work,” he said.

“Yeah, it kinda is,” I said. “But it’s almost always worth it. Especially when you do it with someone who knows what they’re doing and can last longer than just a few strokes – which a lot of guys can’t. If you’ve ever fucked your wife or girlfriend in the ass, you know how tight it feels compared to her pussy. Plus, I think there is a whole taboo factor that turns people on too.”

“Yeah, I get that,” he said. “My wife hates anal. Every time we’ve tried it, she says it hurts too much. I’ve never even finished in her ass. So, how many guys do you think you’ve sucked or fucked?”

“Wow, I don’t know. There’s been too many to count really,” I said. “Getting with guys is a lot easier – especially these days – than it ever is with women. With women, they want romance, courtship and all kinds of head games that comes along with getting in their pants. With guys, it’s pretty much straight sex. It’s not uncommon for me to have a guy over, give him a blowjob, and not speak more than 20 words. I can post an ad on Craigslist or FriendFinder and be sucking cock in less than a half hour. I tend to be more selective, and I tend to screen people as good as I can, so it takes me a little longer, but you can get results pretty fast if you want them. That just doesn’t happen with women unless you’re willing to pay them. If you do hook up with a woman that fast who isn’t a hooker, there’s a strong chance that she wouldn’t be someone you’d want to stick you dick into.”

“You’re right about that,” he said. “Listen, I’ve got to get going. I’m surprised my wife isn’t blowing up my phone yet. This was cool. I might have to do this again sometime. And let me think about the whole anal thing. I’m not sure about fucking a guy in the ass, but hey, I wasn’t sure about the blowjob thing either and that felt great. Thanks again and thanks for the drinks – really kind of took the edge off for me. I guess I’ll see you tomorrow morning?”

“Sure,” I said as I walked him down stairs to the door. “Thanks for letting me have a turn at that awesome cock of yours. And don’t worry about tomorrow morning. We’ll just be two regular friends at the gym.”

“Right on,” he said. “Later.”

The next day it was business as usual at the gym, except that I noticed that Eric made it a point to take a locker right next to mine. He also made it a point to shower in the stall directly across from mine. After drying off and getting dressed, we both made our way out of the locker at the same time. I noticed he had also parked right in front of me. As we made our way across the parking lot, he looked over and said, “Man, about yesterday… I couldn’t stop thinking about it all night. That was fucking hot! Hey, how about if we blow off the gym tomorrow and I meet you at your place instead… unless you have other plans?”

“That’s fine,” I said. “Usual gym time?”

“Yeah,” he said. “I won’t be able to get away any time over the weekend – family commitments and all. Plus, I wouldn’t want to risk anything with the wife, if you know what I mean? Would it be cool if I showered at your place before work?”

“Absolutely,” I said. “By the way, your wife never drives by to see if you’re here in the mornings does she?”

“I don’t think so,” he said. “She usually doesn’t get out of bed until around 7. By that time, I’m usually either at work or on my way to work.”

“Well, just be careful about that,” I said. “Wives can be sneaky. My ex used to check up on me from time to time. One morning I was on my way to the gym and I got an emergency call from my office, so I went straight to work. About an hour into dealing with a crisis there, she called my office. She wanted to know why I had gone to work so early. After I told her what was going on, she calmed down a bit. Later that night, we had more drama because her mind went immediately to thinking I was having an affair with someone at work. Did you say anything to her about yesterday?”

“No, I was only about 15 minutes late,” he said.

“But you do realize that you’d had two drinks at my place. I’m sure she smelled the whisky on your breath.”

“I just told her I stopped off and had a quick drink with a buddy from work,” he said. “Hey, if you don’t think it’s a good idea… that’s cool,” he said. I could sense he thought I was putting him off.

“No, not at all,” I assured him. “I was totally stoked that you came over yesterday. I’m just saying that wives get suspicious at the least little things. But believe me,” I said as I leaned over close to him, “I’m totally down for sucking your cock again! I can’t think of a better way to start my Friday morning.”