 AN: I've added a note here because a main point of this chapter has been heavily edited. In the original, Yorick states that he cannot feel pain. I have decided that this is not only an unnecessary point, but also detrimental to the story. Ergo, it's been changed. Enjoy.

~

"Man! Shay, what's got you so fired up today?"

My coworker, an older guy named Tom, had just stopped in the midst of moving a pallet with the forklift to marvel at my speed. I was moving boxes that day as if it were my passion, not my ten-dollar-an-hour job. I huffed and pushed the box I was carrying onto a stack to rest, wiping sweat from my forehead with my sleeve. "Dunno?" I said lamely.

"Aw, shit, Tom," said Frank behind me, carrying another of the boxes we were moving from shipment. "Lil' Shay here just fucking loves shipments from Wisconsin, clearly. It's the highlight of his life."

"Hail the boxes from Wisconsin."

They laughed, and I joined in breathlessly.

I couldn't quite tell them the real reason I was so fired up. It was almost the end of my shift, and in a few minutes I would be heading home to get myself cleaned up and presentable for dinner with Ricky... I wanted to know him more, and I was excited about that, but... Truthfully, my boyish sex drive was at work for this. God, but I wanted to fuck! If Ricky was that good with his mouth, then I could only imagine what incredible experience I'd have with him inside of me. And more! I was very eagerly awaiting him to further indulge my pain cravings... The very thought of it made me shudder. 

I just about launched myself out the door as I left work, running with my bag flouncing over my shoulder. That was what I had in mind for tonight, anyway. What was Ricky planning, though? Dinner... Well, I'd see him eat, at least. Maybe watch a movie, one of his hundreds. Or would we just spend all night fucking? I had to admit, I wouldn't mind it. I was eager to be at Ricky's mercy.

The thoughts in my head were on spin cycle as I bathed, nearly scrubbing myself raw. Sweat and the smell of the Delaware Bay wouldn't be the best cologne to be wearing for dinner with Yorick. Dinner with Yorick! I kept saying it, but I knew I meant something else. Fuck the dinner. SEX with Yorick!

Hair still damp from the shower, I dressed myself appropriately; Ricky had made this sound like it wasn't very formal, so my gray jeans and a black t-shirt would do, I thought. I shrugged into my jacket and slipped on sneakers at the door, fiddling last-minute with my MP3 player and tangled earbuds from my pocket. The earbuds were in as soon as I hit the sidewalk, and soon I was going at a trot to Ricky's place with harsh music drowning out my perverse mind.

Substantially calmed, I arrived at Ricky's apartment for the second time in a week at just past four. I pummeled the doorbell and stepped back, rocking on my heels. 

"Just a moment." I recognized Ricky's muffled voice beyond the door and heard several clicks before it creaked slightly open, just enough. "You're a tad late, Shay. Come on in."

"Late?" I laughed, stuffing my earbuds in my pocket where they would surely form a tangled nest again. "Come on, it's barely after four o'clock. Are you gonna open the door?" I pushed it open when it seemed Ricky wasn't going to, only to see that he had already retreated away from the doorway. His semi-formal look was becoming of him, button-up shirt undone at the collar and sleeves rolled to his elbows, paired with faded jeans. Ah... Geez, just seeing him this way was already entrancing me. The slightest glimpse of his collarbone under that shirt was... I shook myself out of it, catching sight of his dark smile. I flushed, smiling back weakly in return. 

"Hang your coat up," he told me, throwing a hand up towards the hanger by the entryway. "And come on into the kitchen. I'm afraid I haven't made anything to eat for you. I must confess I have no prowess with cooking."

"Well, y'know, not everyone's a five-star chef," I shrugged, hanging my coat up and following Ricky to the kitchen. "I usually just survive on ramen... I'm sure whatever you have will be fine..." 

But my words failed as I stepped into Ricky's kitchen. The kitchen of anyone's home, friends or family or otherwise, had always been able to tell me something about them. Past friends in their college days had had filthy kitchens full of dirty dishes and booze bottles on the counters. One girl I once had an interest in had a clean and homey kitchen with rooster-patterned oven mitts and dishtowels. 

Ricky had... Nothing. 

Sure, there was a standard refrigerator and an electric stovetop, but neither looked like they got much use - the stovetop in particular was immaculate and looked brand-new, completely devoid of the usual patina that always builds up from cooking. The counters were clean and empty as well: no utensils, no towels, nothing except a large and expensive-looking espresso machine sitting in a corner. This seemed to be the only thing that saw use, though it was still quite clean. There were no dishes in the double sink. Nothing.

I found Ricky standing by the curtained window across from me, his arms folded. He seemed to be observing my reaction. I could only gape at him before I found words. "Do you... ever cook? Like, at all?"

"No," said Ricky, a hint of amusement in his voice. "I see no need to."

I frowned, trying to make sense of what he'd just said. "What do you mean, no need to? You've gotta eat, even I cook at home..."

"But I don't," he said. "Eat, I mean. Not the way you do, anyway."

"What's that supposed to mean?" 

He sighed wistfully and turned at the pristine kitchen counter, leaning his lower back against it. "I suppose we're going to have to just jump right into why I brought you here," he said calmly. "I'm a vampire, Shay."

"You... what?"

My head spun if only for a moment. I couldn't feel the bottoms of my feet. There had been absolutely no lead-up to this statement, and I thought for a minute that Ricky was playing a joke on me. I scanned his face for a perk in his mouth, amusement in his eyes, but there was nothing. He was cool and calm, and completely unreadable. 

"No, you're not," I said suddenly. 

Ricky lifted an eyebrow. "I'm not?"

"No, there's no such thing."

"Isn't there?"

"No, there isn't." But I could no longer feel the conviction in my words. Ricky was slowly smiling now, but it was not the smile of someone who was playing a prank. It was full of assurance and positivity, and I was not. But I couldn't simply accept what he'd just said.

"So..." I said slowly. "If you're a vampire, prove it."

He laughed softly and ran a hand through his hair. "I would have thought you'd seen the proof so far, Shay."

"What proof?"

"Well, for one," he replied, "my lack of piercings and tattoos. You had already pointed out how odd that was. I told you they didn't 'agree' with me. I was telling the truth... Somewhat." He pushed away from the counter and walked close by me, slowly. "My body heals every injury I could possibly inflict on it. Every scar, every hole, everything I could ever inject inside me. Piercings fall out of my flesh in minutes. Ink bleeds from my skin as fast as it goes in. It just isn't possible to keep them."

I gazed at Ricky's exposed forearms as he spoke. His porcelain skin, bereft of imperfections, seemed to testify to this. Even the hairs lining his musculature seemed to fall just so. But I could not yet be convinced. Not of something so outlandish.

"What else?" I demanded. 

Ricky contemplated, passing by me and moving into the living room. I turned to watch him. "Well," he began, "my aversion to sunlight is certainly one proof. I can go out in daylight as long as I avoid direct contact... Hence the sunglasses and the hood and gloves and whatnot. You must have noticed I forgo the hood and glasses when it's cloudy... But you nearly exposed me yesterday morning. Those curtains," he added. "What else... The food, as I mentioned. I can't eat the way you do." He paced around the couch and stopped, mildly staring at a spot on the opposite wall. "It's possible for me to eat food, but not pleasant. Food is like ash. Drink parches my throat. I can neither taste nor feel texture on my tongue."

"But you were drinking espresso-"

"Ah, caffeine," he chuckled. "It's a stimulant and still affects me as a drug would. For a short while, anyway. But I'm afraid I've never known what espresso actually tastes like, having never tried it when I was alive. That being said, the smell is quite exquisite, and enough to satisfy, I think."

I was veering back and forth between trust and disbelief over what Ricky was telling me. It sounded... well, frankly, it sounded like a load of horse shit.

"I don't believe you," I told him. "You can't expect me to believe a word you just said."

"I suppose I can't."

Ricky's voice, which had only a minute ago been coming from the living room where he stood, was suddenly behind me. I whirled around and nearly fell over, having just seen him leaning on the kitchen counter again with his arms folded neatly across his chest. 

I gaped, heart pounding. "How'd you get over there?" I said hoarsely.

"I walked," Ricky said coolly. 

My fingers felt cold. What had I just seen? He couldn't have walked past me so fast... I hadn't even seen him move. 

"You're right, Shay," he said. "I can't exactly prove I am what I say with words alone. But this should help."

Without warning, Ricky threw open a drawer to his left with a crash, thrust his hand into it, withdrew a very large kitchen knife, and plunged the blade into his chest. 

I yelled. 

"Shit!" I shouted. "Shit, oh shit, Ricky! Stay right there, I'll call-"

But my panicked cries were drowned out by Ricky's deep laughter, which slowly pushed me into a state of complete confusion. Sure enough, Ricky was standing there quite nonchalantly with the kitchen knife still sticking out of the right side of his shirt. "Don't freak out so much, will you?" he smirked. "Look, it's quite safe. Watch." And he yanked the knife out of himself and did it again, jamming it into his own breast once, twice, three times, over and over again, each time eliciting twitches and cries out of me as I watched in horror. "It doesn't hurt at all," he said. "Do you want to give it a try?"

"No!" I squawked, mortified. "How are you doing that!?"

He smiled, placing the unstained knife on the counter beside him. "I told you, I can't be injured. I heal far too fast. Wounds like these, made so cleanly, are repaired almost instantaneously." He looked down at himself, plucking at his ruined shirt, which was now littered with wide holes. "I'm afraid the same can't be said about my clothing," he added bitterly, and began unbuttoning the offending garment. 

I gawked at Ricky. My body shook in fear and shock. As I watched his pale flesh reveal itself from under his shirt, I saw, if only for a second, hairline scars where the knife's blade had surely struck him. But even as I stared, these faded and vanished until his skin was smooth and perfect again. Not a trace of them remained. 

I stepped forward as if in a daze, gaping with hand outstretched. Ricky said nothing as he dropped his button-up rag to the floor, watching me as I did him. My fingers grazed his chest, searching for a remnant of the scars I'd just seen, of a hole that had to be there, but they found nothing. Just skin as soft and flawless as polished marble.

My eyes found Ricky's again, which were full of unexpressed mirth. "Doesn't that hurt?" I croaked.

"Of course," he replied lightly. "But my pain tolerance is far above yours, personally. I hurt. But not like you, oh no. Your pain fascinates me, Shay. Your masochism." His voice was a whisper now, soft and tantalizing, and I felt myself falling into it. "The way you react is beautiful. Your cries of agony. Your pleading. I like that very much." 

Ricky's fingers were running along my jawline, lifting the hair of my neck in shivers. I could no longer doubt what he was telling me. I opened my mouth, struggling to speak.

"You're... really a vampire?" I breathed tremulously. 

He smiled. "Afraid so," he told me. "You should eat, Shay. Shall I order you something?"

My body was starving, but my mind was so full. I didn't know how I could possibly eat like this. I thought about running. I considered it, just turning and leaving this place, never to speak to Yorick again. But I found his eyes in my gaze, his beautiful iron eyes, and my fear dissipated instantly. What was I afraid of? I felt safe... so very safe. I nodded to him, mouth open slightly.

Ricky's smile broadened. "Let's get you something to eat, then."

~

Not wanting to be a burden, I had allowed Ricky, still sans shirt, to order me nothing more than a sandwich and chips from the shop up the street from his house, and felt rather strange as I ate my food in front of him. He merely watched me patiently as I polished off my dinner as if I had never eaten before. 

"Are you-" I swallowed what was in my mouth, trying not to talk through a mouthful of turkey and cheese. "Are you going to eat anything? I mean... How do you... um..."

"How do I eat?" he finished, smirking faintly. "Actually, that's why you're eating now. You're going to need your energy if you're going to be with me tonight."

Energy! I finished off my remaining chips with trembling hands. "I'm.. going to feed you, aren't I?" I said, my voice shaking. 

Ricky's smile widened, showing his teeth. His canines... I hadn't noticed before how sharp they were. I shuddered. "Only if you allow it," he said quietly. "But, Shay, understand this. If you do not allow it, this will be our last meeting. I mean that. I'm not interested in a platonic relationship with you. And a sexual one is impossible if you don't do as I'm asking."

"What do you mean?"

"I'm talking about the reason I couldn't allow you to undress me the day before," he said calmly. "I have no pulse of my own and no blood to pump through my veins. It goes without saying I can't get an erection because of this."

This information stunned me. "You... can't have sex?"

"I didn't say that. I said I don't have blood." Ricky leaned forward in his seat on the couch, arms crossed on his knees. "But you do, Shay. So what does that mean?"

I stared at him blankly. What was that supposed to mean? Of course I have blood... Then it dawned on me. "You... need to drink my blood... so you can get hard?"

Ricky's grin resurfaced. His eyes were shadowed with a hollow humor. "Now he gets it," he purred. 

My heart had dropped somewhere around my liver and was beating furiously. I felt cold. Not only was Ricky suggesting that I feed him my blood... It was the only way we could have sex. I felt unconsciously for my throat. "Won't that kill me?" I said, my voice cracking with fear.

Ricky shook his head slowly. "If it did, don't you think there would be far more murders in this city? There's a way we... vampires... can keep our prey healthy. I assure you that no permanent harm will come to you. I promise you that, Shay."

That did actually make me feel somewhat better. I wanted to ask what he was going to do, but the idea of Ricky drinking my blood was still occupying my mind in a terrifying way. I met his eyes again. "Will it hurt?" I whispered. 

"Yes," he said grimly. "But then again... Isn't that what you want?"

I let my mouth open for a moment, and closed it again. Yes... I had wanted sex with Yorick to hurt. I had wanted him to hurt me. That thought alone made me shudder again, this time with a heat that radiated through my hips and fizzed along my spine. And as I looked back into Yorick's eyes, I was assured of my safety. I felt warm. I was safe... I was in good hands. My breath left me in a shudder, my hands trembling. 

"Trust me, Shay."

"Okay," I said softly.

With a wide grin, Ricky got up from his seat and moved away from the couch. "Come along, then." 

I followed him, almost in a daze, upstairs to the bedroom I'd already once been in. The feelings I had this time, however, were nothing like what I'd felt the first time I'd climbed these stairs. Fear and excitement were making a whirlpool in my stomach. Each step seemed to take forever, and yet before I knew it I was already in Ricky's bedroom. This time, however, he flicked on a small lamp on his dresser, bringing us out of the darkness. He smiled and sat on the edge of his bed. "Come on," he whispered, beckoning me. 

Filling with uncertainty, I hesitated before tentatively sitting beside him, all too aware of my heart beating a violent percussion against my throat and a cold sweat drenching my shoulders. Ricky's hand traced itself along my neck up to my jaw, tilting my face to meet his. And without warning Ricky's lips were on me, Ricky's soft, cold lips which seized mine over and over again. His icy tongue brushed against mine and I shivered unconsciously; I had never realized how cold he was, but now those long, boreal fingers were running down my neck and teasing my collarbone, leaving goosebumps where they strayed. But I didn't mind. It felt so very good to be with him like this.

Ricky's mouth left mine and skimmed close to my punctured ear. "Strip down," he ordered gently. 

His words resonated in my chest and I obeyed without question, my still-trembling hands hurrying to undress me. I entangled myself in my t-shirt and found Ricky helping me from my clothes. With my shirt on the floor, he ran his hands down my abdomen to undo my jeans. I mimicked him and went to unbutton his as well... And this time, he didn't stop me. My jittery fingers clumsily unzipped him and started tugging down his waistband. Ricky wore jeans with no underwear. For some reason this made my heart beat all the faster in my ribs.

All at once I was on the bed; Ricky had pushed me into the mattress in order to better undress me, and took no time in removing my pants, shoes, and socks in one motion. These he tossed to the floor, then straddled my hips and worked on his own jeans, never taking his eyes off mine. In the muted light beneath the bed canopy, his eyes seemed to glimmer, and his darkened smile entranced me. But I was still shaking, my arms visibly trembling as they supported my upper body, my teeth nearly chattering. Fear was overtaking me again. I didn't know what was going to happen to me. Would he hurt me? Did I want him to? 

"Shay..." Ricky's soft, husky voice broke me out of my thoughts. He was naked now, still straddling me, leaning over top of me on one arm with his other gently stroking my face. "Don't be afraid. I promised I wouldn't harm you. Trust me."

I shuddered and began to relax, fear draining from me as if I had sprung a leak, and in its place was warm, overwhelming comfort. Yes... Why had I ever been afraid? I could trust this person with my life...

My eyes dizzily fell over Ricky's body leaning over me. The faint light outlined his shape, all smooth muscle rippling beneath a sheet of alabaster. Next to me, with my skin battered and stained with ink and scars, lined with silvery rings and studs, he looked like a sculpture. Positioned just so above me, his silken hair rained down close to my face and shadowed his. I had the strongest urge to touch it. I left my hand reach up slowly, and when he did not object, I ran my fingers through the raven locks. His hair felt so soft, so perfect. I sighed, my chest fluttering. 

"Are you going to bite me now?" I asked in little more than a whisper. My fear was gone, but rattled nerves remained. 

Ricky smiled, gentle and fearsome in one. "Yes."

"On my neck?"

"No," he said. "I want you to see. I'm going to take your arm."

Oh... He wanted me to watch him... 

Ricky rolled onto his side next to me, leaning on his elbows as his fingers ran the length of my right arm and wrapped around my wrist, lifting and pulling it up to him. He stroked the skin gingerly. "What beautiful tattoos," he purred. His long fingers traced the branches and roots that decorated me, lingering on the scars on my wrist... Ah... My burn marks... He smirked and pressed his lips to them. "You're a mess, aren't you?" said Ricky. "All this damage to such a lovely body." 
