 AN: I'd like to thank any readers who have stuck around this long. In July, my hard drive crashed and took out everything I had of Hematoma up to this point, so a few chapters had to be entirely rewritten. I can only hope the new chapters are as good as they were originally. Please enjoy. 

*****

I woke, confused and sore, in a bed that was not my own for the second time that week. Again, I woke to near pitch darkness, and again it took me several seconds to realize what had happened to me. This time, however, there was a source of light, and I gravitated to it, turning over and reaching blind fingertips to the soft cloudy glow. A shadow, stunningly solid, stopped me. Its head turned. 

"You're awake," Ricky's voice said softly. "It's only three in the morning. Go back to sleep, Shay."

My eyes began to focus on the shadow that was Ricky's back. He was sitting up, still naked, with his legs over the side of the bed towards a lamp on his nightstand. I furrowed my brow and squinted against the light. 

"You're still up," I mumbled. "You're not sleeping?"

"Not at the moment," he said. "I find myself a tad preoccupied with my thoughts."

"What are you thinking about?"

"Must you be so nosy?" Ricky growled, almost amused, and his arms came down on either side of me, pinning me back to the bed with his body for ballast. "What if I said I thought about you? What would you do then? Would it keep you up as well?"

I couldn't speak. Ricky's words coupled with his weight, his chilled body on me, took my capability to breathe. When I regained it, even speaking was difficult. 

"I don't know what there is to think so much about me," I said slowly. 

Ricky lifted himself from me and ran a hand through my hair. "That's for me to consider. Try not to let it take up your mind. Go to sleep, Shay. I'm not going anywhere tonight."

"Are you going to lay down again?"

"Eventually. Sleep, Shay," repeated Ricky. 

And at last, I obeyed.

~

When I woke up again, I had no trouble remembering where I was for once. Everything was exactly as I knew it would be... Except for Ricky's absence from bed. I was alone. 

Wondering where he could have gone, I roused myself from lying down and stretched, feeling my muscles protesting their use. I didn't like the idea of being abandoned again. It made my stomach feel oddly cold. Well, I thought... It wasn't like he'd just up and leave. This was his home. He hadn't ditched me. 

Right...?

As I was worrying back and forth, my thoughts were interrupted by the padding of footsteps on stairs, and then the creak of the bedroom door as Ricky returned, clothed in nothing more than loose-fitting flannel pants. In his hand was a tiny, steaming cup. I smelled espresso. 

"Good morning," he said. "I trust you slept well?"

I gaped and regathered myself, unconsciously drawing the duvet up to hide my nudity. "Yeah, just fine," I replied. "I... Just, I woke up and -"

"And I wasn't here?" he finished. 

I hesitated, then nodded.

"Did you think I'd left you?" he said, with a perked eyebrow. 

I couldn't answer that.

"I'm not going to just leave you for no reason, Shay," Ricky told me. "I'm not that sort of person. And I wouldn't give up someone like you, a fun toy like you."

Toy! If it were anyone but him, I wasn't sure I'd want to be called anyone's toy... But as I watched the playful gleam dancing in Ricky's cool gray eyes, I could think of nothing I'd rather be. 

Apparently done with the subject at hand, Ricky strode over to the bedside table and flicked the lamp on before taking a long drink of his espresso. I watched the bridge of his nose crease, and then he looked at me. "A shower, I think," he said. "You need to bathe."

I blinked. Did I? Well, sure, I felt a little scuzzy from sleeping in the sweat and byproduct of rigorous sex all night... But did I smell? Shit, was I offending him? Was it that bad?

"Come on," said Ricky, jerking his head a bit. "I'll join you."

I clambered out of Ricky's bed through the canopy and followed him down the hallway to the middle room, hyperaware of my own naked body in the open air. The bathroom, luckily, was quite a comfortable temperature despite the cold tile under my feet. I took it all in as my eyes adjusted to the light Ricky had just turned on. 

The entire thing was definitely representative of Ricky's indulgence, just as modern and expensive-looking as the rest of the house. A double sink of cold gray stone took up one wall, with a wide mirror under a line of LED lighting. Around the basins were black glass caddies holding toothbrushes and soap and shit like that. Beside it, the toilet, obviously, which I wondered was ever used. Cut into the opposite wall was an enormous shower stall, definitely big enough to comfortably wash up next to someone else without rubbing elbows, and against the far end of the bathroom was a huge bathtub, completely rectangular with its inner shape carved deep into the tile. God, I could probably have slept in it. But Ricky was busying himself with the shower. 

The flannel pants fell easily around Ricky's ankles, and for the second time in twenty-four hours I was able to get a full view of his body. Fuck, that didn't get old. I wondered vaguely if it was just the vampire in him that made him so... beautiful. Were there ugly vampires, I thought? Then I noticed he was watching my stare. I flushed. He smirked at me.

"Come on, then," he cajoled, and he slid open the glass door of the shower and stepped in, waiting for me to follow suit. Having no clothes to discard, I didn't waste time climbing into the glass and tile box with him. Ricky's hand reached around me and barred me from the door as he closed it, and then twisted the curved steel handle on the wall behind my back. The shower overhead hissed to life, and I gasped as I was struck with a cascade of cold and steadily warming water. The spray was wide and felt like warm rain. My eyes fluttered. I could've fallen back asleep like this. Ricky knew how to live, and I could really find myself getting used to it.

"Move," Ricky ordered, and he pushed me slightly out of the way to dip his head under the water, where his sheet of black hair became liquid ink. He tossed it back behind him with a sigh, combing fingers through his soaking locks. I half expected it to stain his hands. 

"Now then," he said lightly, and without warning he reached forward and seized me by the back of my head, gripping my hair so hard I could feel my scalp stinging. I yelped and struggled unconsciously, but in another moment Ricky had pushed me roughly into the shower's stream, and I spluttered as water ran around my mouth and nose. What was he doing? The fist at my skull pulled me back again and I gasped for breath, spitting out water. I felt something cold spreading over the top of my head, and Ricky forced my head back down with both hands, roughly lathering shampoo into my hair. 

"Ricky... S... Stop!" I cried, and I tried to pull away to no avail. Soap was running into my eyes and blinding me. Then came the water again.

"You're filthy," I heard him admonish me, through the strange muting of water rushing over my ears. "Keep yourself clean if you're going to be around me."

Filthy? I'd just showered yesterday! I was soon freed and I pulled myself from the shower stream, coughing. Ricky was only laughing behind me. 

"Switch," he said, and as I blinked water and soap from my eyes, he handed me a scrubby and a bottle of body soap. "Wash up."

Ricky pushed past me and stepped into the water, leaving me steadying my breathing and holding the soap and scrubby. Without protest, I opened the bottle and worked soap into the fibers, but I was feeling distinctly put out. "Am I that dirty?" I asked. 

Ricky was now washing his own hair, combing lather through it with his fingers. "You sweat. You're human," he said. 

Human... Well, so what? But I couldn't argue. All I wanted... All that mattered was pleasing Ricky. So I scrubbed myself raw... And after all, it did make me feel better. Now clean, I joined Ricky under the water and shuddered as its warmth ran down my body, all the soap now pooling around my feet. 

"Good boy," purred Ricky, and his hands trailed up my abdomen from behind, his cheek grazing the piercings in my left ear. His teeth tugged at the bearing of my industrial bar. I trembled with its sharp pain. Oh... I liked that... The length of Ricky's body was pressed against my back... I could feel his flexing muscles, his prominent hipbones... And, resting against the furrow of my ass, his soft, thick sex. Ugh... I was really turned on. 

"That excited already?" Ricky mused. "My, but I just can't keep you satisfied, can I, Shay? Even after last night, you still want more?"

I groaned as Ricky's light touches became fingernail scratches down my chest. Yes... I wanted more... I wanted more of Ricky's rough sex... But all I could get out was: "Please...!"

He chuckled against my ear, but soon his hands dropped from me entirely, and I felt his body leaving mine. "I can't, Shay," he said. "You know why."

Can't... Oh... That's right... But... My wild desperation made me turn to him with pleading. "So drink me... Take my blood, then you can fuck me," I blurted. 

Ricky's brow lifted and his lips parted in surprise. I didn't blame him... I could hardly believe what I'd just asked of him myself, and my face heated with color. Bemused, his open mouth twisted into a smile, and before I could say any more, he took me by my biceps and pushed me against the cold shower wall. "You are a strange creature," he hissed. "So very ready to give up your body to me for the slightest promise of pleasure. Or is it pain you're after? Tell me, Shay... What should I give you?"

"Both," I groaned.

He laughed deeply and lowered his head, not taking his eyes off mine. "So be it. Let me drink from you."

And so, shaking hard, I lifted my forearm to him - but in the same instant, he pushed it away. 

"Not this time," he said gutturally. "I want to taste your neck."

I trembled harder. Oh, god... I was really going to do this, wasn't I...? It would hurt... It was going to hurt so badly... And fuck, did I ever want it to. Trying to stop my shaking, to bridle my pounding heart, I closed my eyes and tilted my head to one side, exposing the length of my neck where my veins and tendons knotted. My breath came out in a shudder as Ricky's hands settled around my body, one at my spine, one cradling the nape of my neck, and then those cold lips pressed against my proffered flesh... 

And then came the teeth...

I had to bite back my scream. Ricky's teeth bit through the thick muscle of my throat and into my very core, and the icy feeling that followed was instantaneous. Unconsciously my right hand flew up to clamp against the back of Ricky's skull, holding him there as he drained me, as he drank deeply from my wildly pounding heart. My fierce heartbeat and Ricky's swallows became one and the same, as if my heart was now only pumping blood directly into my partner's belly... And very quickly, I felt the weakness coming again. 

My legs gave out and I began to slide down the shower wall, my ears seemingly clogged with water as my senses began to fade. Too much... I'd given too much... But Ricky's strong arms wrapped around me and lowered me to the floor, and his fingers were thrust into my mouth. I tasted blood again. With difficulty I swallowed, and slowly, the scene around me cleared. God, I didn't know if I could get used to that. 

"Good boy," Ricky panted softly. "You'll learn to endure it better, with time. Now get up. I want to fuck you again."

Fuck, he didn't waste time...! I didn't mind... As soon as the aftermath of draining my blood was gone, I was ready for more. I struggled to my feet with Ricky's help and felt his hardened sex against my thigh. With his guidance, my arms and shoulders were pressed against the wall, my hips pulled back against his, with the warm water still cascading over us both. My heart was back to its pounding in my chest. And with my blood swelling him, with only water lubricating him, Ricky thrust himself inside of me once more.

My fists clenched against the wall as I gave out a strangled cry of pleasure. Fuck, it felt good...! My body stung badly inside, burning as if I were being penetrated with a branding iron. Stop... No, don't stop... More... Fuck me! I whimpered and pushed my hips back against Ricky's, pleading for his movement within me, and with a soft chuckle, he obliged me. His fingers clamped harder on my hipbones and pulled me fiercely back against him, once, twice, over and over again, matching his own thrusts in rhythm. My vision spun again. I couldn't breathe... All I could do was pant laboriously as all the muscles in my body tensed around their invader, only serving to pull him deeper inside of me... Harder... Fuck me harder... The words wouldn't come out, but their intention was understood, and in no time at all I was gasping and crying out on the edge of orgasm. 

"F... Fuh... R-Ri... C-c-co..."

"Come!" Ricky snarled.

And I could only obey him. With my forehead against the wall I shook and groaned with my peaking pleasure, the sensation of his nails digging into my back, his heat filling me, spurring me on as I unraveled around him under the water... 

Shower sex... It wasn't so bad, really.

~

Now clean once more, Ricky stepped out of the shower first, pulling a thick gray towel from the wall and over his shoulder and then handing me an identical one. I followed him, drying myself off quickly and then draping the fluffy towel over the top of my head. I found myself staring at my blurry shape in the fogged mirror, and I reached forward and wiped some of the condensation off, my hand making squeaking sounds against the glass.

"Don't do that," said Ricky. "You'll leave streaks."

"Oh - Sorry," I said, but the damage was done anyway. I examined my reflection, running fingers over my cheek. I was getting a bit stubbly in places. I made a mental note to shave when I got back home; facial hair had never worked on me. And then my eyes drifted to Ricky's reflection, where I could see him rubbing his long hair dry with the towel. 

"So you have a reflection after all..."

"Hm?" He tugged the towel down around his bare shoulders and looked at me with a quirked eyebrow. 

I opened and closed my mouth, feeling my cheeks grow hot. "Well... I thought you might not have one, since you're a vampire... They're not supposed to have reflections, right?"

Ricky pondered what I said, and then he began to laugh. "That old myth," he chuckled. "Being a vampire doesn't mean I can break the laws of physics. If I didn't have a reflection, do you think I'd look this good every day? God, but it'd be awful. I'd never be able to go get a haircut or try on clothes. Photos with friends would be awfully hard to explain..."

That did sound a bit ridiculous, I thought. "So... are all vampire myths fake? I mean, which ones are real?"

"Ahh..." Ricky brushed his hair back and leaned against the bathroom counter. "There's too many... Name some."

Name some! I considered for a moment, drying my own hair quietly. "Well... How about that one... The garlic thing, is that true?"

"The garlic thing," Ricky repeated with a laugh. "It doesn't ward me off, if that's what you mean. Though I suppose it's not entirely ineffective..."

"Yeah?"

"Well, vampires have heightened senses. My sense of smell is like a bloodhound's, and garlic, among other things, is very pungent. I don't like smelling it, but that's about it." 

Well, that made sense. I thought harder. "What about, uh... Crosses and holy water and that shit?"

"Crosses... Effective in the hands of someone of true faith," he said slickly, "as with any religion, actually. A rabbi can run at me with a star of David and I can't touch him. But it's not like a crucifix is going to burn my skin. Same with silver, for that matter."

"And holy water?"

"Water is water. Despite what the Catholics think, you can't bless everything on the planet."

I racked my brain for more. This was interesting, if surreal. "Okay, how about crossing running water?"

Ricky barked a laugh and shook his head. "Where in the world did you hear that one? How in the world would I get across town if I couldn't cross the gutters?"

"Oh, yeah," I laughed. "I dunno, that's all I can think of right now." 

"Fine with me," said Ricky, and he strolled from the bathroom with the towel around his shoulders. I followed him, blinking in the dark hallway. Oh, right... Last but not least, the sunlight thing. 

"I forgot," I said abruptly. "You said you've got that thing with sunlight... What does it do to you?"

Ricky stopped and turned towards me, raising his eyebrows. "What do you believe it does?" he asked.

I thought. "Well... In some stories you see, it makes vampires like... burst into flame, or turn to ash, or s-"

"I assure you, it's not the last thing you're thinking," said Ricky. "It's none of those, actually." 

"So what is it?"

His eyes became hooded, looking me over musingly. "They call it hematoma," he said finally. "A sun bruise. The sun's light exposes us for what we are - living corpses. It curdles the blood and bruises the skin, and then it rots the flesh. Stay out long enough, and be alive long enough, and you'll merely turn to dust."

I had no idea what to say to this. It was so unlike anything I could have imagined... And I couldn't picture what it would look like. I wasn't even sure I wanted to. The very idea of it gave me chills. 

Ricky only turned and continued on to the bedroom, and I padded along behind him. "Is your curiosity sated now?" he asked.

"Uh - yeah," I said. 

"Fair enough. You still have my number?" prompted Ricky, reaching down and tossing me my clothes from the floor. 

I caught them and nodded. "Yeah... Of course I do."

"Good. Call me soon."

Ricky turned away and opened his closet, flicking through clothes to find whatever he was looking for. I blinked, and began to separate and don my clothing. "Are we going somewhere?"

"Not together," he sighed. "I'm sorry to cut this short, Shay, but I've got to go to Inkjet today. I'm still making up for lost shifts from that girl walking out on us."

I was pulling on my pants. "Oh... Em." 

Ricky looked over his shoulder with a shirt and pants in hand. "You knew her," he said. It wasn't a question.

"Uh... well, yeah, she was my artist."

"She knew of your proclivity."

That wasn't a question either. "I... yeah, I mean... she had to, it wasn't something I could hide when she was... doing THAT to me..." My face was burning. 

"So I've noticed," he replied icily, but his face betrayed a grin. 

And that just made me blush harder. 

I pulled my shirt on, and when my face emerged from my collar, Ricky was dressed and looking contemplative. He straightened the faded gray t-shirt he wore and pursed his lips, frowning. 

"I didn't like her," he said finally. 

I didn't know what to make of that. 

Ricky and I pulled on our shoes and didn't speak again until we'd reached the front door, where he looked me up and down with a smile.

"Will we make a habit of this?" he queried.

My belly tensed up at his words. "Of... what?" I asked, knowing full well in the back of my mind what "this" was.

The words were barely off my lips before Ricky seized my upper arms and forced me hard against the door, slamming my shoulders into the wood. I gasped, shivering at the bruising sensation spreading across my back, but my noise was swallowed up in Ricky's mouth as he kissed me, harsh and deep and powerful. His tongue ensnared mine, his teeth grazed my lips, and in another moment he had released my mouth, leaving me panting breathlessly beneath his gaze. 
