 I lay in bed that night unable to sleep. My memories were a blur. I had to keep reminding myself it wasn't all a dream – Ricky was a vampire, and I'd fed my blood to him. Somehow, it didn't seem as outlandish as it would have if someone had told me it was going to happen a week ago. It was as if my reality had shifted to include this new information, no different than the human race discovering a new planet. So vampires are real, and I'd had sex with one. Delicious, hard sex. The thought of it raised gooseflesh on my arms. I shivered and rolled over in my bed.

On the old coffee table I used as a nightstand by my bed, my phone was sitting face-up, trailing its charging cable like a long, kinked tail. I hadn't tried calling Ricky, and he hadn't called me. I had hoped to get a text or something... But then again, it had barely been twelve hours since leaving Ricky's place, and he did say he was going to work. Surely he was done by now. Maybe I should... I reached for the phone, then hesitated. Would I seem clingy? Creepy? Obsessive? Should I wait? How long? 

Ah, fuck it. 

I swallowed and grabbed the phone, opening up my text screen and picking Ricky's name with trembling fingers. And I began to type to him.

"Hey. You up?"

Dammit, that was lame! I regretted hitting send. Nervously I began to twist the cable around my fingers. The seconds lengthened into minutes, and I couldn't stop staring at my phone. He must be asleep. Maybe he was ignoring me. I sighed and went to put the phone down... when it buzzed in my hand. 

"Yes, I am."

That's all he said. I couldn't quite place his tone – was it annoyance? Amusement? But I charged on. 

"How late were you working today?"

"Until eleven. I only recently got home." he replied.

Oh, so he wasn't annoyed... At least it didn't seem like it. And then he spoke again:

"Can't sleep, Shay?"

I could feel my heart beating now. Just his simple words were making me feel... somewhat excited. My fingers kept slipping as I typed back.

"I dunno. I guess" I said.

"Do you have work tomorrow?"

"Yeah in the morning"

"Until what time?" 

"4" 

I watched the little dots bubbling from Ricky's side of the conversation as he typed. 

"I have work in the afternoon until 10:00 PM. At that time, I would like to come to your home. Text me your address."

So I did, with trembling hands. Ricky... coming to my place. I liked that. I really liked that. Just as quickly, Ricky texted back.

"I should arrive no later than 10:30. Go to sleep, and eat well tomorrow. I want to begin experimenting with you."

Experimenting! That sounded... really erotic. The blood was pounding in my ears as I typed out "Okay" and then, almost disdainfully, put the phone down and tossed over in bed. Get some sleep. Okay. Yes. I'd need it. Whatever Ricky was going to put me through, he thought I'd need rest...

Oh, but fuck, was I horny now!

Well, there was a solution to both problems in front of me. Satisfy my newly-grown hard-on and put me right to sleep... I pushed my hand between my legs and took myself in hand. The whole situation, all the buildup... I was rock hard. I gripped myself tightly and stroked, rhythmically and gaining speed. I couldn't even begin to anticipate what Ricky had in store for me. But it would hurt. I wanted so bad for it to hurt. Cause me pain... Make it rough... Make it sting and burn and... Ah, fffffuck!

I caught my breath and searched for something to clean my hand and belly off in the aftershock of orgasm. I ended up using the shirt I'd been wearing, which I'd cast on the floor earlier. It ended up back there again afterwards. God, even masturbating to thoughts of being with Ricky felt good. There was something about him... Something I couldn't name. But I didn't have the energy anymore to think about it. Finally spent, I drifted to sleep.

~

The following afternoon, I spent my time at work sorting packages and going through receiving lists with a guy named Don. Find a box, check the number, count it and write it down, rinse and repeat. Same shit, different day. Except on this particular day, I was a bit distracted. 

"We already counted that one," Don pointed out, when I gave him a duplicate box number for the third time that day. "Dammit, Shay, get your shit together."

"Sorry," I grumbled, wiping my forehead. 

But as I searched the side of the next stack of boxes, Don looked at me with disgruntled concern. "You okay, man?" he said gruffly. "You've been actin' kinda funny the last few days."

I looked up blankly, unsure of what to say. Don was an older, bearlike man with tree-trunk arms and salt-and-pepper mixed into his thick beard. Most of the time, you couldn't really get more than two words out of him unless it was necessary to the job. This sudden utterance of concern for my well-being, nevermind him having paid attention to my behavior, just threw me off. But what could I possibly tell him? No one in the warehouse talked about their relationships, unless it was to bitch about their own wives, and mine was none of anyone's business anyway, forget the fact that I was with a guy. 

"I'm fine," I said lamely.

He only nodded and checked the packing list again, but he paused to scratch the back of his head with his pen. "Y'know," he grumbled, not making eye contact. "I don't know you a whole lot, Shay, but I got a boy your age. You ever wanna talk, I'm around, got it?"

I just stood there, stunned. "Uh... Yeah, sure, Don," I nodded, slightly abashed. 

But fuck, I was not going to talk about that.

We were halfway through the next list together when Tom came jogging over from the locker rooms. "Hey... Shay!" he called. 

I glanced up. "What's up?"

"Your shift's about over, y'know," he said, brandishing his watch and tapping the face. 

I checked my own. It was five of. Tom never let me off early. "Oh... Okay, lemme just finish this up, man."

"I'm takin' over for you at four. Go on and clock out already, you got a visitor."

A visitor? No... Ricky? My heart was thumping out of excitement... and fear. Did I want these people knowing I was fucking a dude?

"I saw too," laughed Frank, strolling up behind Tom. He whistled. "What a cutie! Where'd you find her, Shay?"

Her? Cutie? Who the fuck were they talking about? 

"Thanks, guys," I said, and I tore off my work gloves as I ran to the locker rooms. What girl did I know who'd visit me at work? Karen? But she didn't know where I worked, and why would she visit me? My mom? God no, she was all the way back in north Jersey, and she wasn't exactly what any guy would call a "cutie"... or assume I was dating. But I couldn't think of anyone else.

Freshly changed out of my sweat-soaked work clothes, which now stunk up my duffel bag, I trotted to the front gates and saw...

No. Not her!

The Asian stalker girl from the previous day was standing with her back to the gate, her lacy little parasol folded at her side. With the clouds overhead, her clothing looked almost as gray as the sky, dull and cold. At hearing my footsteps, however, she turned and, with a wide, shocked smile, squealed at me.

"Shay!" she giggled, her heels clicking as she pranced through the open gate to meet me. "How was work? I thought I'd come surprise you today!"

"Uh-" Well, it was definitely a surprise, but fuck if it was a pleasant one. I wanted to say as much, but before I could, my coworker Bill showed up and wolf-whistled, passing by me through the gate. 

"Who's the chickie, Shay?" said Bill. "Good job, man!"

The girl made a show of blushing, though I saw no color in her cheeks. "Come on, Shay, you said we were gonna get dinner together," she said shyly. She took my arm, and before I could protest, she was steering me away. 

I struggled to keep up with her fast little footsteps, tripping over myself with my duffel bag sliding off my shoulder. I couldn't get a word out until we were halfway down the street, at which point I promptly yelled "What the fuck is wrong with you!?"

She released my arm and whirled around, glaring daggers at me. "You and I need to talk. It's extremely important that you listen, do you hear me?" 

Her attitude had completely changed. It was a shock that this was the same girl who'd waited outside of my workplace for god knows how long. That's right... She had stalked me! 

"Hold on!" I snarled. "You fucking followed me to work! How crazy are you? And how do you know my name?"

"Your coworkers told me," she replied coldly. "One of them asked who I was waiting for, and I said my friend, and gave them a short description. He said that must be a guy named Shay."

Fucking Tom! "That doesn't explain why you stalked me all the way here!" I said indignantly. "How did you even know where I work?"

She folded her arms, the parasol dangling from her wrist. "I could smell you," she said bitterly. "You still stink of Yorick."

"That doesn't mean you -" But... What did she just say? "You... can smell me?"

Her expression remained unchanged, but her head listed slightly to the side. "Well, yeah. Yorick already told you his secret, didn't he? I thought it was obvious I'm of his kind."

His kind? The gears were turning reluctantly in my head as I struggled to put two and two together. And then, with a thunderous crash, it clicked. The parasol. My scent. Sunlight... Hematoma... 

"You're a vampire?" I said weakly, my voice cracking. 

She clicked her tongue impatiently, tossing her hair to the side. "So he did tell you," she spat. "I was wondering if he'd deceived you or not. It was clear he'd already drunk from you."

My head was spinning. But the more I looked at her, the more I saw it... Her ivory skin, those deep black eyes, and, I assumed hiding behind her pouted, painted lips, her fangs. There were other vampires in Philadelphia. 

"Ricky said..." I swallowed, shifting the duffel bag on my shoulder. "He said you were his crazy ex-girlfriend. I mean... are you...?"

Immediately she made a loud noise of disgust and backed up a step. "How dare you! I would never... With that asshole? Ha!"

My immediate reaction to her words was defense. What did she know? The Ricky I knew was far from an asshole. He was gentle and considerate... and perhaps a bit rough, but I liked that. But nothing of his character that I knew demanded her attitude towards him. "So who the fuck are you?" I asked brusquely, crossing my arms.

She scowled at me, lifting her chin. "My name is Soonhee," she said indignantly.

Soon-hee? I guess that could tell me what kind of Asian she was, if I knew anything about that shit. "I didn't ask your name, I wanna know why you care so much who I hang out with!" I snapped.

She tossed her hair in annoyance. "I care because Yorick Andersen is not someone any human should be consorting with. You obviously don't know how much danger you're in, so here I am being gracious and trying to help you. But if you want to be a little shit, go right the fuck ahead and die!"

"Soonhee!"

I jumped a mile. I was so angry listening to Soonhee, I hadn't even noticed the long, sleek black car that had pulled up on the other side of the road. A Towncar? In this part of the city? The loud, male voice had come from the back window, half rolled down but so dark inside that I couldn't see its owner. Soonhee looked to the car, then to me, and with narrowed eyes she plunged her hand inside her pocket and withdrew something, which she handed to me. 

"If you decide you want to know... About Yorick, and about everything..." She trailed off and turned on her heel, dashing off to the car and climbing through the door that had seemingly been opened for her. I stared as the gleaming black Towncar pulled away and left me alone in the middle of the street. Once the sound of the engine had faded, I looked down at the thing Soonhee had placed in my hand... It was a business card, made of some thick blood-red cardstock with raised, cursive silver lettering:

The Society
of Philadelphia, PA 
(000) 001 – 0101

I turned the card over. Blank. That's all that was on it. What society? I looked down the street where the Towncar had disappeared. Was that girl seriously expecting me to believe there was an entire fucking vampire society in Philly? 

But then again, I thought, shoving the card in my jacket pocket and turning to head back home, it really didn't seem that outlandish compared to everything I'd learned in the past twenty-four hours.

~

I tried really hard that night to eat til I was full. Ricky's words in his text from the previous night were ringing soundlessly in my head... I needed the energy. But with everything that stirred in my brain, I was having a difficult time finishing the grilled cheese and ramen noodles I'd half-assedly made for dinner. I kept picking at my food, never really eating more than a bite at a time until it all went cold. This was different than going to Ricky's home... He was going to see where I lived.

Oh, right. Shit!

I got up from the kitchen table and dashed into the living room, glancing back and forth at... well, the mess. I wasn't the most tidy person in the world. Discarded socks lie in pairs and singles on the floor by my shoes. My jacket was thrown over the arm of the chewed sofa. I knew that bowl on the coffee table had been there for a few days. Ricky would think I was a pig. And then I remembered how he'd said he was sensitive to smells... Fuck, this place probably smelled like crap.

So I began to clean. I loaded my arms with laundry from every room of the place and threw it all into a mesh hamper, tossed my shoes into a heap in the bottom of my closet, and started doing dishes. There wasn't anything I could do about the stained carpet, but I managed to clean off the counters and tables and even change the sheets on my bed, which I probably hadn't done in three months. The new ones smelled a bit like my closet, but at least it was something. 

I was just putting the finishing touches on the apartment by walking around with a can of air freshener and spraying the fuck out of everything when I realized what time it was. The little display on the microwave told me it was ten-fifteen. Fuck! Ricky was going to be here soon. I tossed the air freshener into the cabinet under the sink – god, that was a fucking mess I'd have to take care of another day – and grabbed the last half of cold grilled cheese that was sitting on the table, stuffing it into my mouth. Shit, that left two more dishes to do. Fuck it. I tipped my dinner dishes into the sink unceremoniously and went back to the bedroom to clean myself up.

And no sooner had I finally picked a shirt to change into than I heard a knock at the door. 

My heart leapt up near my larynx. Ricky... I pulled my shirt on clumsily in the hallway and nearly stumbled for the door, fingers tripping over the lock. Finally, I managed to yank the door open, out of breath and trying very hard to keep my composure. "Hey... Sorry!"

Ricky stood just outside the door with a very bemused expression on his face. His leather jacket half concealed a blue-gray tee, dark jeans cuffed around his heavy boots. His long hair was pulled back in a sleek ponytail at the nape of his neck, but he had left some loose in front to frame his face and trail over his shoulders... All in all, it was an incredible look for him, and I felt myself losing the air in my lungs the more I gazed. 

"Good evening, Shay," said Ricky silkily. "How are you tonight?"

I swallowed and managed a weak smile, fidgeting with the hem of my shirt. "I'm great... Uh... Do you want to come in?" I said lamely. 

The corners of his mouth perked up more. "Yes, I'd love to," he replied.

But he just stood there.

"Are... you going to come inside?" I asked, confused.

Ricky's eyes glittered. "I'm afraid you're going to have to invite me inside, Shay," he said, and then added, "Please."

I just stared at him blankly. "Uh... why?"

He laughed and shook his head, then looked back up at me. "It's a bit of a silly rule, but I can't enter your home unless you invite me."

This didn't make any sense either, but then it clicked. "Oh... oh!" I said suddenly. "You can't... Yeah, I'm sorry, please come inside!" I scrambled back to let him in.

Ricky bowed his head graciously and stepped inside, and I saw that in his left hand was a small tool bag. "Thank you," he said, and closed the door behind himself. Without another word, he moved past me and his eyes began to wander the apartment. 

I followed him nervously, anxious about his reaction to my home. Compared to his, it was still a sty, and I was absolutely sure he thought so, too. 

But he was silent, and all the while, I watched as his gaze traveled from the dingy carpet, to the flaking door of my bedroom, to the hastily-cleaned kitchen. His eyes were unreadable. Every so often, however, I saw his nostrils twitch. Did I overdo the air freshener? "Your apartment is very small. Cozy, I think you'd say."

"Uh... yeah, sorry," I mumbled. 

"There's no need to apologize." He walked slowly around the coffee table and ran his fingers over the old TV against the wall, rubbing dust from them afterwards. Shit. I hadn't cleaned this place as well as I thought I had. I tried to find something to distract him from the dirtiness of my abode. 

"Um... So what's in the bag?" I asked pointedly.

Ricky finally tore his scrutinizing gaze from my apartment and back to me again. He smiled broadly, almost malevolently. "If you want to know that, you should show me to your bedroom," he said, and I saw his eyes gleam like a cat's.

The bottom of my stomach dropped out of me. Oh... so that's where this was heading already! When my insides returned, they were swimming with butterflies. Breathless, I walked past Ricky and shouldered the door to the bedroom open. The loud noise made me wince, and I mumbled an apology. "Sorry... It sticks..."

But Ricky didn't seem to mind. He only stepped past me into the bedroom, shrugging out of his jacket and draping it over his arm. My bedroom was no less unimpressive than the rest of the apartment – just my double bed on its shitty metal bedframe alongside what I called a nightstand but what was really just a couple of milk crates and a board, full of books and stuff I never bothered to put in its proper place. He examined the dresser on the far wall, the top of which held a pair of speakers and an articulated giant robot figurine – a remnant from my days as an avid model collector in high school. Ricky picked it up with mild interest.

"Oh – don't mind that, it's stupid," I said quickly, my face turning red as I hurried over to him. 

"I don't think it's stupid," he said lightly, turning it over and testing the arm joint. "Nothing you are interested in is stupid, Shay. I'm actually very surprised by the lack of personality in your home. There is... very little of you here."

I was taken aback by his statement. "What do you mean by that?"

He repositioned the robot figure and placed it back on its little stand, looking it over thoughtfully. "This apartment is very blank. You have not gone out of your way to decorate it, or embellish it with things you enjoy. I see none of your music tastes, your hobbies, your favorite movies or television shows. You seem to simply exist in this place, never truly living here." He turned towards me and brushed a lock of hair over his ear. "Are you ashamed of the person you are, Shay?"

My mouth opened slightly, but I only ended up biting my lip. I had no idea what to say. For the past few years, I would have rather spent my money on body modification than superficial belongings like I did in high school. Even now, my figurines were all packed up in a box at my parents' house, along with the vast majority of my book collections – I just hadn't seen the point of bringing it all when I moved, and I never took the time to go back for it. But was I ashamed? I had no idea what to tell him...
