 I would like to note that Gilbert is not going to be involved in any sex in this book whatsoever, so there should be no concern of pedophilia popping up five chapters from now.

*****

"You're not staying? ... Ouch!"

For the last fifteen minutes, Yorick and I had been sitting on my bed, plucking needles out of my belly to the lowered sound of shuffled music from the speakers on my dresser. There was now a growing nest of cannula needles, all beaded with dried blood, on a paper towel next to us; and as I watched, Ricky added two more.

"No," he replied calmly, easing another out from near my navel with a twitch of his fingers. "I don't usually stay at others' homes. You don't really have the accommodations for an overnight visit, Shay. Not for me."

"What's that supposed to mean?" I said, affronted. "I mean, I know the bed's small... Ow!"

He added another needle to the pile. "It has nothing to do with the size of your bed. Think about all of the things that my bedroom has that yours doesn't. The drapes? The canopy?"

His reasoning dawned on me at last. "Oh... right..." He meant sunlight. I bit my lip and tried to relax as I watched Ricky slide another needle from me. "I mean... I can cover the windows... Or you can leave before morning, can't you?"

Ricky only laughed. "I think I'll pass. I'll be busy tomorrow. I want rest. Hold still," he added, and eased another needle out of me. 

I winced. Pain wasn't nearly as sexy after my hunger for it was sated. "You do sleep, right?" I asked. "Like... Do you just lay there or are you really sleeping?"

Ricky's eyebrows quirked up at me. "Of course I'm sleeping. What, you think I just lay down for eight hours and stare at my eyelids?"

I frowned, shifting on my arms. "Well, in some media, vampires don't usually sleep."

"Media," scoffed Ricky. "You mean books and movies. Forget that shit. I sleep fine."

"And you dream?"

"I do," he said. "Not so much dreams as colors. Some recent vampires have equated it to being on acid, I believe."

I had no frame of reference on what that was like. Neither did Ricky, from the way it sounded. But it was interesting, at least. 

I hissed in through my teeth as Ricky removed the last of the needles and wiped his hands clean on a towel, bundling up the pile carefully and setting it aside. "Do you have a container to throw these in?"

"Um... Yeah, don't worry," I mumbled. I was too busy examining the damage. The lines of blood that streaked my abdomen were dried and darkened, appearing to stain me where they were painted. And I was still slightly dizzy from earlier. "Ricky... Are you gonna, you know..."

"Ah, right," chuckled Ricky, and he stood up in the midst of pulling his jeans back on. I watched as he lifted a hand to his mouth and nicked his index finger on his sharpened teeth. This he held out to me, and I wrapped my mouth around him obediently. His blood didn't really taste any different than my own... Though, I reminded myself, it probably was mine after all.

"Not too much," he warned, and he pulled his hand from my lips. "It doesn't take much just to mend you."

I felt the familiar warmth blooming through my limbs and sighed, holding a hand to my chest. The cold pinpricks in my skin were fading. I hadn't seen how this fixed physical injuries before. "Won't this turn me into a vampire, too?" I asked reproachfully. 

"Who told you that?" said Ricky. "A drop or two of blood won't do a damn thing to you. Except this, obviously," he added. "You'd need mouthfuls, bellyfuls, in order to turn. And you'd have to take it from my lips. Otherwise you'd just end up very, very sick." Ricky returned to redressing himself, lacing his boots up with expert swiftness. "The act of vampire reproduction is intensely intimate. Like making love."

"Have you ever...?"

"Turned someone?" he finished. "No. I haven't seen the need to."

He'd said it so bluntly... Was he hiding something? I didn't get the feeling that he was. But then again, Ricky just seemed to be blunt about everything. 

Dressed once more, Ricky shrugged his leather jacket on and turned to leave. I scrambled up after him, tripping as I hopped in my drawers. 

"You're leaving now?" I followed him as he sauntered casually to the front door. 

"Well, yes," he said. "It's getting late. I'll see you again soon. You can always call or text."

"But... I mean, you're just gonna fuck me and leave?"

At these words, Ricky spun to face me and seized me by the nape of my neck, forcing me into his lips, lukewarm and dry. We kissed deeply, melded at the mouth, and I could do nothing but dissolve into him. My eyes fluttered and I felt myself going temporarily blind... But when my senses came back, Ricky was at the door again. 

"Don't insult me like that again," he said. "You're valuable to me now, Shay. This isn't some kind of one-night stand. So don't act like it is. Instead, remember that you can call on me and I will be there. I'll have you over after work tomorrow night."

Ricky looked to me for affirmation, and I nodded mutely. His lips perked up in a smile, and his eyes darkened.

"Good night, then, Shay," he said. And halfway through my mumbling out a return, he ushered himself out into the night air of the city... And he was gone. 

Ricky's absence left a strange feeling behind him, as if I had just left a concert and my ears were still ringing in the unfamiliar silence. I sighed and gathered myself. I still had to clean myself up. 

In the bathroom I washed the drying blood from my chest with a wet towel. Underneath it all, the needle holes had disappeared. It was as if my session with Ricky had never happened. The healing was incredibly weird. I pulled at one of my nipple rings out of curiosity; it would have normally taken at least three months for the piercing to heal, but here it was, definitely further along than it should be. It was a side effect, I thought. But I began to wonder if all of my scars, all of my modifications, would start healing just like Ricky did. Probably not. At least, I hoped not.

As I was straightening up my apartment again, and tearing off the bloody bedsheets to finally wash both sets, I noticed I'd left my jacket out on the futon couch. Damn, I hadn't even realized it when I was cleaning earlier. It was just its natural place. Sighing, I threw the bedsheets down and grabbed the jacket... 

And something fell out of the pocket.

At my feet was a little scarlet rectangle. I was confused at first, not knowing what it could be, but then I remembered. I picked it up and saw the silver lettering on the business card that Soonhee had given me. The Society of Philadelphia. 

I still had no idea who these people were. Or rather, these... vampires. Was Ricky one of them? Did he belong to the society? He'd never mentioned them... But then, why would he? And then I remembered Soonhee's words, her behavior towards Ricky.

Yorick Andersen is not someone any human should be consorting with.

You obviously don't know how much danger you're in.

Why would she say something like that? I had never felt like I was in danger. I wanted to disregard it all, to forget everything about her, but for some reason, her words still rang in my head.

If you decide you want to know... About Yorick, and about everything...

I hadn't put down the card yet. For some reason, I just... didn't. I kept turning it over and over in my hand, although it never changed, never revealed anything to me other than the name and phone number in shimmering ink. But it raised my curiosity. Anyone would want to know what calling the number did. 

Back in my bedroom, I retrieved my phone and, with hesitation, dialed the number. I instantly regretted it. It was nearly one in the morning. Who the fuck would answer the phone at this hour? But in the midst of thinking this, as I was about to hang up, the line picked up and a young man's voice answered.

"Thank you for calling the Society of Philadelphia, servicing the Delaware Bay and South Jersey district. May I ask the reason for your call this evening?"

It wasn't an answering machine. Slightly stunned, I stammered before finally getting a reply out.

"Uhm.. H-hi," I began. "Uh... Someone gave me this card and... I guess I... I dunno, I-"

"Ah," the male voice interrupted me. "I see. And are you human or other?"

Other? Why ask? But then again, for this kind of thing, it was probably normal. "Uh... Human," I said quickly. 

There was a pause on the line. "Mhmm. All right, and your name please?"

"Shay... Uh, Shay Ferguson."

"All right, Mr. Ferguson. We offer many services for humans through the Society. Are you currently calling with information regarding a member or nonmember, requesting information on a member, or seeking help or protection?"

Help or protection? The questions just kept getting weirder. "Uh... N-none of the above, or... I don't know," I said helplessly. "I was told to call this number if I wanted to know something... I spoke to a girl named Soonhee..."

"Ahh." The male voice paused again. "Yes, I see. Mr. Ferguson, we've been expecting you. The Society will send a car out to retrieve you and bring you by, preferably during an afternoon. Are you free around one PM tomorrow, Thursday?"

"Uh... I..." Well... I wasn't working. Ricky had said he'd have me over after work that day, but that would be late at night. Could I go? Was it safe? Was it a trap? "Yeah... I'm free."

"Excellent. If possible, please wait for our car at the intersection of South Nineteenth street and Pine at one PM. Miss Soonhee and our driver will pick you up."

"Um... Can I get someone else?"

The man on the line laughed. "I understand your concern, Mr. Ferguson, but I assure you, she'll do just fine. We at the Society would like you to be aware that all humans are under heavy protection and that no harm will come to you while you visit our headquarters. Are the arrangements agreeable?"

I hesitated. Was I sure I wanted to do this? Heavy protection... From what? But my weak, "human" curiosity overtook me. "Yeah... sure, that's fine."

"All right, Mr. Ferguson. Thank you for calling the Society. Have a great evening."

And he hung up.

In the stunned silence, I tried to process what had just happened. Not once during the entire conversation had they mentioned vampires. So was this a vampire society? Was I going to find werewolves and zombies too? I didn't know if I could handle that. It was way too ridiculous.

But these were, after all, the people who thought that Ricky was dangerous. At least Soonhee did. I needed to find out why.

~

At a quarter to one in the afternoon, I arrived at the intersection the man on the phone had informed me of. I knew the south of Philly pretty well, and this area was no different. It was just north of South street, not too far from my coffee shop. This part of the city was all rowhomes and apartment buildings, lots of weathered red brick and tasteful graffiti. Only one corner of the intersection was occupied by a business, a small hoagie shop that seemed pleasantly busy with the lunch crowd. I was grateful to myself for having eaten lunch before leaving my home - the shop smelled awesome. Making a mental note to myself to try them out one day, I stuck my hands in my pockets and waited. 

I couldn't pretend I wasn't nervous. I had contemplated all night whether or not to tell Ricky that I had called the society. I wanted to ask him about them, see if he even knew they existed. My mind swam with possibilities... What did the society even do? Did they capture vampires? Kill them? But no, I thought; that couldn't be it, or Soonhee wouldn't be with them. Unless she was bait, maybe. 

I didn't have a whole lot of time to think. At ten of, the sleek, black Towncar I'd seen only a day ago pulled up to the corner I was waiting at - or maybe it was another, identical car. As it slid smoothly to a stop, the back door popped open a few inches, and from the top of it bloomed a white, lacy parasol. With the parasol open, the door opened fully and Soonhee stepped out under the newly made shade. 

White heels, white stockings, white dress as usual; but her hair was pulled into two low pigtails with little white silk flowers decorating the ties. It didn't match her expression. From under the parasol, Soonhee glowered at me, and she didn't speak. After a few uncomfortable seconds, I decided to break the silence.

"Uh... Hey, there," I said.

"Good afternoon," she replied stiffly. "Now get in the car."

She folded herself and her parasol back into the Towncar as quickly as she'd gotten out. I leaned down to look in, bracing a hand on the roof. 

"My mom always told me not to get into a car with strangers," I smirked.

Soonhee glared at me. "Get in the damn car or I will leave your ass here."

"All right, all right," I said, and I clambered in beside her with a grunt. I seized the door handle and shut us both in. "Why're you such a bitch?" I muttered. 

She ignored this. "We're good to go," she told the driver, and the Towncar pulled away into the street. 

Now inside, I realized how dark it was, and I had to blink several times to get somewhat used to it. All the windows were heavily tinted, even the front. I wondered if that was legal. As for the driver, I could only tell it was a bald, dark-skinned man. What little sun got into the windows was shining off his knuckles on the steering wheel. He wasn't a vampire? God, maybe I had been right. Was he a werewolf?

"Uh... the guy driving... Is he -"

"He's human," Soonhee finished for me. "Many of the people who work for the Society are. Don't pay mind to him, I'm escorting you today."

"Man, Sunny, you harsh!" the driver laughed deeply. "C'mon now."

Soonhee pouted angrily, and I could just barely hear her mumble out "... Told you not to call me..."

"So," I plowed on, "He's not... Like... You don't have werewolves and stuff at this Society then?"

This made the driver laugh even harder. Soonhee wasn't amused. "It's the vampire society," she told me. "And werewolves don't exist. We're going to the Philadelphia district headquarters. I can't explain any more than that right now."

"And why am I going?"

"To hear us out about Yorick Andersen," she said. "And to learn the purpose of the Society. As a human who has been with a vampire in the way that you have, both are very important to you."

The way that I have? "I mean... Are you talking about the biting or the fucking?" I asked bluntly.

The driver snorted into the steering wheel. Soonhee's face was stony. "Both," she said. 

She seemed to want to leave it at that. 

"Where are we going, anyway?" I asked finally. "Where is this place?"

"North," she said. 

I waited for her to finish. She didn't.

"So... Do you just hate me or, or what?" I said.

She turned her head with a flail of pigtails and glared at me again. "I'm not very diplomatic," she said, "nor am I here to inform you on what the Society is or does. That's someone else's job. Stop asking so many damn questions!"

So, reluctantly, I did. I had no idea where I was going. North Philly wasn't exactly a place people liked to be. Unless... Were we leaving the city? I didn't think so. And then I began to think... Where were they hiding an entire building full of vampires? Was it underground? Was it in some mansion on Society Hill? You'd think this kind of thing wasn't easy to keep a secret.

My thoughts were cut short. The Towncar slowed to a stop somewhere quiet. As I tried to peer through the tinted glass to see where we were, Soonhee followed her parasol out her side of the car and slammed the door behind her. I tentatively opened my door too, and when no one stopped me, I followed her. 

I didn't exactly recognize this part of the neighborhood, but it was definitely... upper class. Northern Liberties, maybe. I whirled around to see where Soonhee was. Her taffeta skirts were flouncing up the red brick steps of a building in front of us... And I tore my eyes from her to take it in.

The building was four stories high, its face made up of innumerable stones in shades of gray surrounding narrow, curtained windows. A double set of heavy-looking wooden doors sat under a slate-roofed gable in the very center of it. It was shelved, like all of its sister dwellings, on a brown, grassy little slope that swelled up from the sidewalk along a short brick fence, and the matching steps that Soonhee was now climbing were bordered with tiny plots of flowers that were now hibernating for the winter. Piles of fallen leaves from the thin trees all around crowded the foot of the building and the brick fencing both. All in all, it looked like a very cozy little bed and breakfast, or maybe a fraternity. What it didn't look like was a vampire coven.

"Are you coming?" Soonhee said impatiently. "I have someone waiting for you."

I began to climb the brick steps after her. "Who's that?"

"You'll see him soon enough," she said, and as I finally reached her, she pushed open one of the double doors. I had just enough time to register the little pewter placard to the left of the door, reading only "Philadelphia Chapter Society", before she ushered me inside. 

I blinked. We were now in a little lobby or foyer of some sort, with a long, cool gray rug underfoot overtop of weathered hardwood. In the center of the little room was a low table with a vase of flowers - lavender, from the look and smell of it - and off to the side was a valet desk, where a man with brown hair in a t-shirt and jeans was sitting very quietly. Though I didn't look at him for long, however, I felt like I had seen him somewhere before...

Soonhee paid this man no attention, and so, following her suit, neither did I... Until she began to push open the glass doors at the far end of the foyer, and he leapt from his seat.

I must have jumped a mile. Without any warning at all, this towering, powerfully built man had closed the distance between us in seconds and was loudly snuffing the air like a hound, and as his flashing eyes settled on me, his breath came back out in a snarl: 

"Registration!"

"Bruno, no!" Soonhee warned, seizing me by the arm and pulling me away; and lucky she did, because I was frozen in terror. "He's my guest, Bruno," she said gently. "Go sit back down. You're doing a good job. I'll send Leah out soon."

The man rumbled and slowly took his place back at the valet desk, and Soonhee steered me through the foyer doors at last. When we were through and far away enough, I found my voice again, and I wanted to ask her what the hell that was all about... But now in the main room, I became slightly distracted again.

The room I was now in was less like a bed and breakfast and more like a small country club. There were small groups of people sitting around cozy tables or lounging on suede couches, and one or two sitting at a small bar tended by a slender blonde girl; though behind her, I saw no trace of bottles, just a number of white drawers. The whole room felt very serene... The walls were all painted in a muted lavender, the furniture was all in shades of white and gray, and all of the lighting was provided by understated, minimalist hanging lamps and wall sconces. But I couldn't help feeling I'd made some sort of mistake - no one here looked or seemed like a vampire. I wanted to say as much to Soonhee, but she continued to lead me further into the room without once looking at me.

"Who did you bring me here to talk to?" I said, getting annoyed. I didn't like all this secrecy, the lack of information. I was starting to regret this. 

"Just wait. He's here," she said. Still not meeting my eyes, she led me to a back corner, to a trio of sleek armchairs surrounding a gray stone fireplace, within which was flickering a low flame across white gravel. I saw a pair of feet sticking out from the front of one of the chairs... Was that who I was supposed to be talking to? And then, confirming my suspicions, Soonhee left me and walked over to lean around the head of the armchair.
