 ~ AN: Thanks for the patience. I also just noticed that the submission for an illustration of Shay and Ricky got put up, so please enjoy it with the story. Yorick & Shay

*****

I put them all out of my mind. Soonhee, Gilbert, the whole damn society. They had no right to talk about Ricky and I that way... They had no idea what was really going on between us, and it wasn't their place to know. So, I decided, it wasn't their place to take up any space in my head. I took a bus home from Northern Liberties that afternoon, and the whole way home, all I did was focus on forgetting them all.

It was hard to do. Soonhee's words were ringing in my ears like white noise. Yorick Andersen is a rapist and a murderer. Before I met these people, I didn't even know what Ricky's last name was. What else did they know about him that I didn't?

But I knew one thing. Ricky wasn't any of those things they said. I shuddered, staring out the window as the Septa passed through University city, past delicious-looking Indian restaurants and flocks of college kids. They didn't know. They couldn't know... The way Ricky made me feel, the way he spoke to me... He didn't want to hurt me. Well, I admitted with a tremble of excitement, not in any way that I didn't want him to... And I really, really wanted him to. So fuck them. Fuck all of them.

I untangled my earbuds from my pocket and popped on some music. Maybe I could just... stifle them. 

And I drowned out Soonhee's echo in a sea of music.

The music continued around me even after I got home. I blasted it in my apartment from the speakers on my dresser. I was feeling... Antsy. With my mind finally clear, I could focus on what was really important - my evening with Ricky! I shivered with pleasure at the memory of my last session with him... The cannula needles... If that was his idea of an "experiment", what could he really be planning to do with me? Simultaneous arousal and fear were filling me. I didn't know which feeling I welcomed more. All I knew is I could hardly wait... Whatever he had in store for me, I wanted it - badly.

I started out feeling that I had way too much time to kill, and mostly spent it on my laptop doing nothing in particular, made a sandwich, ended up back on the laptop again. But at some point, I took note of the time and realized how late it was - I hadn't even noticed the sun going down. I shut my laptop without turning it off and sprang off the bed, my heart beating itself to tatters. And within minutes, I was out the door with my earbuds in again.

I hadn't bothered to try and dress nicely this time, just my jeans and a printed blue tee. They'd end up on the floor anyway, so what did it matter? It wasn't like Ricky was interested in me for my clothes, I thought. I jogged down the street with my weathered sneakers beating the concrete under me, crunching fallen leaves in my path. I was sweating in my wool coat. To the sound of harsh music my thoughts ran wild, imagining anything that Ricky could do to me. I began to steadily realize that there weren't a lot of times in my life anymore where I wasn't thinking of him... It was just his impact on me, wasn't it? Or was it something else? Why couldn't I get him out of my head? And a better question... Did I want to?

I checked my phone's clock as I approached the steps to Ricky's home. Ten-twenty. A little early, but I was sure that was just fine. I hopped up the steps and pressed the doorbell.

After a minute of waiting, it was clear there was no one coming. 

Confused, I raised my hand to push the button again, when I heard a voice behind me.

"You're so impatient. At least let me get back from work."

I spun on the landing and choked on my own heart in my throat. Ricky strode up to the steps behind me and quickly joined me on the landing, withdrawing a set of keys from his pocket. On his shoulder was a small canvas rucksack with a drawstring mouth. His hair was down today, windblown about the shoulders of his leather jacket. With a click in both locks, he pushed the door open and beckoned me inside.

"Eager, aren't you?" said Ricky with a sigh, sliding the rucksack off his shoulders as I stepped in behind him. "Hang up your coat."

"I didn't really have anything better to do," I admitted, laughing. I shouldered my coat off and hung it beside his. "So... Are you gonna tell me what we're doing tonight?"

He chuckled. "You'll see soon enough. Now then..." But he stopped, his smile fading, and turned to me again. I watched his eyes travel to me, then to my coat on the wall. He picked up one of the sleeves and sniffed it. 

I blinked. "What..."

But Ricky put down the sleeve of my coat and approached me swiftly, this time burying his face in my neck. I shuddered at his cold breath on my skin. What was he doing...?

"Lavender," he said finally, pulling away. "Why do you smell like lavender?"

I opened my mouth and closed it again, my brow furrowed in confusion. Lavender? Where was he getting that smell? But then it dawned on me. The Society. "Oh... I, um... I..."

Ricky's eyes softened, his face lowered, and firmly but gently, he pushed my shoulders back against the wall in the hallway. "Shay," he said softly, "Where have you been today?"

My mind went wild. Should I tell him? About Soonhee, about Gilbert, about the Society at all? His calm, cool eyes stole my gaze and entrapped it, and I felt my insides trembling, melting. I let out a shuddering breath and tried to keep myself together. This feeling washing over me... Why should I keep anything a secret from this man? He'd been inside me. He'd taken my blood. I was his... Anything inside me was his, including my thoughts. 

I laughed breathlessly. "It's... It's just so stupid," I said. 

"It's not stupid, Shay," said Ricky calmly, and he released me from the wall with a smile. "Come, sit. Tell me what happened."

With Ricky's guidance, still strangely dazed and warm, I sat down on the sectional in the living room, sinking into it beside him. Ricky kept his arm around my shoulders, lounging carelessly at my side. 

"So..." Ah, shit, where to start? I racked my brain for a beginning to this insane story. Ricky was still looking at me intently, and his gaze urged me to spill. "That girl," I said. "Y'know, the one who was stalking you... You said she was your ex-girlfriend?"

His brow quirked. "What about her?"

I opened my mouth to speak, but it came out in a laugh. "God, it's so dumb... She started following me, tracked me to where I work... She made an ass out of me in front of my coworkers," I added. "Anyway, she tells me she's a vampire too... And gives me this business card and tells me if I want to know everything, I should call her."

"Card?" he repeated. 

"Yeah... A business card," I told him. "For the Philadelphia vampire society or some crap..."

"Did you call her?"

"Yeah... Well, I called the number anyway, last night, after you left. This was all yesterday." I let out a shuddering breath. Why was this so tiring? "And then... They arranged for me to go to the Society this afternoon, so I did. This chick - Soonhee, the one who stalked me - shows up in this fancy-ass car, hardly says a damn thing to me, and she and the driver take me to this place up north, and like..." I sighed bitterly. "I don't know, the whole thing is ridiculous."

"What did they say to you, Shay?" Ricky asked silkily. 

I met his eyes again, soft, heavy-lidded and shadowed. What was it about him that always made me feel so... Tranquil? Safe? I gave another shuddering breath and plowed on. "They... They said they wanted to register me with them... They called me your 'sacrifice'... And..." I laughed nervously, running a hand through my hair. "That girl called you a murderer."

"Did she?" he said mildly.

"And a rapist," I added.

"And what do you think?"

That didn't require any thought on my part. "I don't believe her," I said.

He smiled. "So, the lavender smell?"

"Oh, that. They had lavender all over the place. In vases. I didn't know it'd stick to me."

"I see." Ricky lifted his free hand under my chin and tilted my face to meet his, and he seized my mouth in a kiss. I shivered, my eyes fluttering closed as I melted under his tongue. His strange, unplaceable flavor... All at once it was gone, and he held my chin in his fingers tightly, keeping my eyes locked on his. "Don't go near them again," he said, "Do you understand? Yes, there are other vampires in the city. No, I didn't tell you about them, because I didn't think you needed to know. But what if they had hurt you? Why did you think that was a good idea?"

I opened my mouth slightly, quailing under his stare. "I... don't know," I muttered.

Ricky shook his head, his long black hair tossing in his eyes. He brushed it back over his left ear and sighed. "Don't go near them," he repeated. "I mean it." He got up from the couch and cocked his head sharply to the side, neck cracking softly. 

I shifted in my seat, somewhat tingly all over for some strange reason. But there was still something weighing on my mind. "Why did you tell me that... that Soonhee was your ex-girlfriend?"

He turned to me with a raised eyebrow. "Would you have believed me if I'd told you the truth?"

"Well... I mean, what is the truth? Why is she after you?"

"Because they want me to join their stupid club and follow their stupid rules, that's why." He produced an elastic from his pocket and swept his hair up behind his head, restraining it in a loose ponytail. "Under their laws, everything I do is under close scrutiny. Everywhere I go, everything I do, everyone I speak to. I've lived my entire life without that surveillance, and I rather enjoy its absence. When I turned, the Society didn't exist. They're a very... recent development."

When Ricky turned... I still didn't know anything about that. "Will you tell me -"

"Do you want to sit here chewing the fat all night, or do you want me to do what I brought you here for?"

My heart leapt at his words. God, I'd almost forgotten. How could I? "Please... I... Yeah, I want that...!"

Ricky smirked. "Then let's get upstairs, shall we?"

Once again in Ricky's studio, I found the layout of the room quite different than the last time I'd seen it. The desk against the wall was still there, as was the leather doctor's table, but there was a new addition... In the middle of the room, a very strange-looking chair was waiting for me, sitting beside a spinning stool, a short standing toolchest that Ricky was apparently using as a table, and a very flexible-looking floor lamp. The chair itself had a number of angled... Seats? Cushions? Like, five or six of them. I thought for a moment that I knew where your ass and your back went on it, but then I saw another part of it that made this idea stop making sense. Finally I turned to Ricky questioningly, as he strode to the desk.

"The fuck is that thing?"

Ricky looked up with mild surprise, in the midst of collecting something from the desk. "Oh, that?" he said. "It's a repurposed massage chair. You're meant to sit backwards on it, with your back and shoulders out."

I slowly tilted my head to the left. "Oh... Yeah, no, I see it now," I said, somewhat abashed. "So... what's it for?"

"For you to sit on, with your back and shoulders out," Ricky said bluntly, and he approached me with a sheet of paper. This he shook out and held up for me to see. "So. How did it turn out, do you think?"

I took my eyes from Ricky to the piece of paper, and my breath stopped in my chest. The last time I had seen this picture, it had been more beautiful than I could imagine. I couldn't have had any idea it could become more so. The familiar image of Sleipnir rearing back across the page with its numerous limbs outstretched had grown, as if the ink had bled outward like a soundwave carrying its cry. The eight-legged mustang was now surrounded with a white noise of patterns, of bramble and tendrils of storm that flowed downward to a point beyond its four back hooves. 

"Ricky... It's incredible..."

"It's going on your back," said Ricky firmly. "Tonight, Shay."

Tonight...! I felt myself growing dizzy. The image was so vast, so intricate... The amount of ink work that would have to go into it, the amount of time under the needle... "The... whole thing?" I said weakly.

"The outline," Ricky corrected. "This will take several sessions, and I haven't seen how you deal with tattooing." As he spoke, he rolled up the paper and carried it back to his desk, this time opening a drawer on the right side of the desk and pulling out a large toolbox. "Get your shirt off and get yourself seated."

God... He wasn't wasting any time. Maybe this only felt like it was going too fast for me. Or maybe... Ricky was just as excited as I was. Trying hard to quell my pounding heart, I pulled my shirt off and, awkwardly searching for a place to put it, shoved it in a ball on the corner of Ricky's desk. I was pretty sure I knew how the chair worked, now that I could tell which way was frontways. As Ricky busied himself beside the stool, I clambered onto the seat inexpertly, with my chest against the near vertical support cushion and my bottom on the seat in what I assumed was the correct way. There was a U-shaped cushion where my arms seemed to go, and another two straight cushions behind my legs. I shifted and propped my shins up on these, and crossed my arms over the front pad. Yeah. Pretty sure that's how this works, I thought. This felt really weird. But it was absolutely perfect for a back tattoo, the bare skin there completely exposed to my artist.

Ricky had finished his set-up at last. On the tabletop of the metal toolchest were now an assortment of little implements, disinfectants, ink caps, and a smallish black box with dials and three cables coming out of it; two, red and black, coming from the front, and the thickest one coming from the back. This back one was trailing all the way to a power outlet on the wall. From the front, the black one came down onto the floor into a foot pedal that looked very much like one you'd use for a guitar amp; the red one, however, went into Ricky's tattoo gun, which I was now looking at as fondly as one would regard an old friend. That complex-looking little machine was going to be my lover for the evening. I shivered involuntarily. 

With a sigh, Ricky seated himself on the black spinning stool, clapping his hands down on the knees of his jeans. "Ah, right," he said after a moment. "One more thing." From a drawer in his toolchest he pulled a slender remote and pressed a button on it. By the time he'd put it aside and started snapping on gloves, the room was full of music, blasted from a speaker tower in the east corner. Stoner rock. God, he knew how to put me in the mood. 

"Are you going to put the transfer pic on me?" I asked. "I don't see a thermal-fax in here."

"Don't need it," said Ricky. "I've got no need to trace something I've drawn myself. Let me clean you up and we'll get started. Will that be all right?"

"Yes..." I had to trust him. I tore my eyes from Ricky's work station and propped my chin up on the chair's headrest. My eyelids lazed. I sighed, relaxing my muscles, and as I did so, Ricky wiped the skin of my back with a cold cloth. I was submerged in the distinct, stinging aroma of witch hazel. His fingers came back again, rubbing something cold gently into my skin, and then... 

"I'm going to start outlining you. You ready?"

I inhaled sharply, letting my breath out in a shudder as I closed my eyes. "Yeah..."

The buzzing started up. A short burst as Ricky loaded the needle with ink, and then the fingers of his left hand pushed the skin taut over my shoulder, and the gun sang again in earnest. The needle came down. 

Fuck...! The now unfamiliar pain, sharp as a razor's bite, sliced through my skin with the grace and slow precision of a bladed skate on ice. I gripped the cushion under my arms fiercely, gritting my teeth against the pulsing sensation of Ricky's careful, repetitive strokes, as though he were painting me with the smallest, most delicate brush. I felt as if I was being drawn on with a white-hot steel rod. God, it felt so good...! 

Ricky's music backed the fluctuating buzz of his gun as it dipped in and out of my skin, pushing ink under the surface where it would stay embedded in steadily ebbing pain. His tempo slowed, picked up over and over again, and I felt my heart matching it. I could feel my forehead breaking out in sweat as I struggled to hold myself together. I just wanted to lay writhing on the floor in all this blissful agony... I wanted to scream and cry... I wanted to come!

I began to slip as if into a trance. Ricky continued to move and pull my skin, dragging the liner needle through me over and over again. I hadn't thought my back would hurt so much... Feel so good... I bit down hard on my bottom lip to silence the coming cries of pleasure in my belly, and they came out in guttural moans. More... Don't stop... Please don't stop...! It had been so long since I'd gotten my last tattoo, the finishing of my left sleeve under Em's needle. It had hurt the most around the underbelly of my forearm, close to the inside of my elbow... But Ricky's technique and skill were so much more different. I truly felt like his agonized, crying little canvas... And I adored it.

I lost track of time before the music around me dimmed. Still breathing hard, I opened my eyes to find my face and arms cold with sweat. 

"That's it for now. Very interesting, seeing how you react," said Ricky behind me, with a clatter of instruments. "Would you like to see how it turned out?"

Holy shit, I'd been gone. "How long's it been?" I asked shakily. 

"About an hour. I noticed you slipped out on me about fifteen minutes in, but you did respond whenever I spoke to you. I assumed you were all right. Hold still." Ricky was wiping my back down with a cold cloth soaked in disinfectant. I gasped through my teeth and tightened my grip on my own arms. It stung. "That should do it. Come, I want you to see your work."

Still unsteady, I pulled myself from the seat and followed Ricky's path as he walked slowly backwards across the room. Every movement was making the fresh scars across my back spark with a burning sting. He held his hand out to me, leading me to the wall where a floor-length mirror waited. My reflection approached me, its chest and cheeks shimmering with sweat, its hand in Ricky's and its unsteady gait carrying it close. I felt tipsy. Now at close proximity, Ricky took my arm and turned me, and over my own shoulder I saw what he had done...

Sleipnir's flesh-colored silhouette was spreading across my back. Its basic bone structure, the curve of its body, the sharp line of its neck muscles and jaw, it had all been outlined. It looked simultaneously intricate and yet effortless. I gave a shaky breath.

"Two more sessions, I think," said Ricky thoughtfully. "It's an ambitious piece. We'll let it heal a bit before we go any further."

I nodded mutely, mesmerized by the beauty of my new piece. I was snapped from my trance by Ricky's hands at my throat.

"But I'm not done with you yet," he hissed playfully, and he thrust me back against the mirror, relighting the flame across my newborn scars. I choked. Fuck, he was rough! Ricky was so much more powerful than me... And I didn't know if I feared that or loved it. His left hand, replaced by his lips, pushed hard on my bare chest and suppressed the expansion of my ribs as I struggled to breathe, and in another moment, his teeth tore open my veins and bled me to him once more. Breathlessly I opened my mouth in a cry. The white-hot, cold pain flooded the branches of my arteries and left my arm feeling numb... My head spun, drunk on lack of blood, and all the while I gave my weak whimpers of pain and fear, my instinct to survive begging me to beg for life. 
