 As I had begun to suspect, Ricky's blood was making my healing processes faster; under the new, intricate scabbing of my tattoo, fresh skin was already surfacing around a coat of color. The top layer was flaking. In the bathroom mirror as I prepared to get into the shower the next morning, I couldn't stop myself from turning this way and that and staring at my new art from every angle. I watched it gleam on my shoulderblades like oil slick. The sight of it stirred something deep in my belly. Finally tearing myself from struggling to stare at my own spine, I stepped into the shower so I could wash up. 

But despite the accelerated healing, it was... tender, to say the least. The hot water on my back felt like a fresh round of needles puncturing me, and I leaned against the shower wall for support, breathing heavy as I bore the pain. This was... why did it feel so good? I had to stop myself from enjoying this strange new pleasure enough to wash my back, and even the soft, soapy scrubby I used felt like steel wool on my skin. With ribbons of bubbles cascading down my arms and legs, I groaned and pushed myself eagerly into my own hand. So fucking hard... Everything Ricky did to me, even the after-effects, made me so erratically aroused. I found myself leaning up against the wall of the shower, the cold tiles chilling my aching back as I satisfied myself there. Fuck! 

Trying to put my actions just then out of my mind, I stepped out of the bathroom in pajama pants with my towel over my head, rubbing my hair dry. My skin was steaming. The apartment was staring to get pretty cold. I shivered involuntarily and let the towel drape over my shoulders, and turned to go back to my bedroom. I didn't know what to do with my day off; they'd scheduled too many guys on that day, and with us only expecting half of our original shipment, they offered me some free time. Maybe I'd grab that book I'd been meaning to finish. 

Halfway to the door, I heard a sharp knocking at the front. 

I turned around in confusion and stared at the front door. No one ever visited me. Then I thought... Ricky? I definitely wouldn't mind seeing him again, even so soon after the previous night... I padded quickly to the door and peered out the peephole, and saw...

Soonhee.

The round, distorted image of Soonhee in a white dress and coat looked past me in the peephole's view, standing very carelessly on my doorstep. I felt my insides flare. What was she doing here? I'd made it very clear what I'd thought of them. But when it was obvious she wasn't leaving, I unlatched the door and threw it open, glaring at her. 

"What do you want?" I spat at her. 

Soonhee looked at me, not blinking. "To talk," she said. "May I come in?"

"How did you find my house?"

"Your scent," she said unapologetically, and then repeated: "May I come in?"

"No!" I slammed the door in her face. Why would she even ask? Then I remembered - the invitation thing. It seemed she was bound to the same laws as Ricky. Knowing this, I didn't bother locking the door, but when I turned on my heel to go back to my bedroom, there came another knock. 

"Go away!" I yelled at the door. She knocked again. Enraged, I yanked open the door and said, "What?" 

Soonhee was unfazed. She smoothed out her skirts and said patiently, "I'd like to talk to you. I feel that yesterday... didn't go well, and I feel it was my fault. I'd like to try and make it up to you... And tell you what you need to know." She paused, and then sighed. "May I please come inside?"

Yesterday didn't go well? That was an understatement. I'd been ready to stake them both, or however you kill vampires - and I wasn't sure my feelings about Soonhee had changed. But her behavior was so different; she wasn't the smug, uppity girl I'd met before. She seemed... Reasonable. Should I have let her in?

I remembered Ricky's words - Don't go near them again.

Soonhee continued to look at me. The longer I stood here, the more cold air was getting in, and my nipples were like diamonds.

"Just... Fine, come in," I said, against my better judgment. "But if you start being a nasty little cunt again, I can revoke the invitation, right?"

"You can," she said, stepping inside gratefully with her little heels clicking on the linoleum. "I see you understand the invitation law already. You've brought Yorick in here?" Soonhee gave a little snuff of the air. "Yeah, I can smell him here. It's faint. And..." She wrinkled her nose, looking slightly scared. "Ugh... May I sit down?"

I scowled at her. "Do you need an invitation to do that, too?"

"No. I am being polite."

"Well, that's a start. There's a couch right there. I'm gonna get a shirt on, do you mind?" And without waiting for her response, I strode to the bedroom for fresh clothes.

But goddamn! Why was she really here? To answer my questions, she said. More like to tell me what a horrible person Ricky is again. Fuck her! And fuck my curiosity, why did I keep doing this? 

With a clean shirt and jeans on, I walked barefoot back to the living room where Soonhee was sitting delicately on my couch with her peacoat folded in her lap. Her dress was very simply decorated with pale blue ribbons, the only time I'd ever seen color on her, and her stockings were patterned with little cats. Her hair was in a ponytail again. She watched as I sat down on the opposite end of the sofa.

"The tattoo on your back," she said contemplatively.

I stiffened. "What about it?"

"Is it new? The skin is flaking."

"Uh... Yeah..."

"Yorick did it for you?" she supplied.

I pressed my mouth in a line. "Yeah, he did. Why does it matter?"

"Gil and I had wondered," said Soonhee. "When you left, we discussed it... We had no idea how you had come to be involved with Yorick, and we'd never thought about your... Body modifications. Did Yorick do all of them?"

"Wh - no," I said quickly. "I just... I've been going to his shop for a long time. I didn't even know he was there until..."

Soonhee looked at me expectantly. "Until what?"

Until Em left, I thought. That... wasn't important. I just shook my head in response. "He's only done a couple..."

"Which ones?"

"Does it matter which ones?" I snapped. "He's just done some work for me."

"But you've slept with him."

I glared at her. "Yeah. I have. What's your point?"

Soonhee only looked at me, blinking slowly. "I am curious," she said carefully, "how you went from him doing 'work' for you, to him drinking your blood and having sex with you."

I flushed. Was I supposed to respond to that? I didn't really want to discuss my... disorder with this girl. "I thought you were supposed to be giving me answers," I said bitterly. "Not more questions."

She paused, then sighed. "You're right," she said. "What do you want to know?"

An open invitation? I was cool with that. What did I want to know? "Why do you guys think Ricky is dangerous?" And as Soonhee opened her mouth, I interrupted her. "No, first... Do you have any actual, physical evidence that Ricky has ever killed or raped anyone? Evidence you can show to me?"

She hesitated. "No," she said reluctantly.

"Then let's just throw that accusation out the window. Fucking forget it. It doesn't exist," I said. "Now tell me an actual reason you think Ricky is dangerous."

Soonhee paused to think, her hands gripping the hem of her skirt. "The Society," she said slowly, "has rules. Rules that are meant to keep humans and vampires safe. Rules that Yorick thinks he's above."

I remembered Ricky mentioning this - "Under their laws, everything I do is under close scrutiny." "Such as?" I asked.

"For starters," she said, "all vampires must be registered with the Society. This is so we can keep tabs on where a vampire goes, what he or she does, which chapter they belong to. We have attempted to register Yorick under nine different Society chapters - five in the United States, two in Europe, one in South America, one in Asia. All of them have record of his refusal and outright rebuke of the system. And that's only the chapters who have managed to note that he's in their presence at all. Inbetween it all is huge gaps where we have no idea where he's gone or what he was doing. The registration system is supposed to prevent that."

So he was right - the Society did want to scrutinize everything he did. "So if that's for starters, then what else is there?"

"Well," said Soonhee, "another law states that all human sacrifices must be registered with the Society too."

"What?"

"That means you too," she said stoutly. "If a vampire decides that he or she wants to drink the blood of a living human, that human has to be made aware of the vampire's status, and within one week of being introduced must be registered with the Society. If Yorick were a member of the Society, then the moment he told you he was a vampire, he should have started submitting your paperwork."

What the... Paperwork? "Doesn't that kind of ruin the, uh... spontaneity of it all?" I asked sardonically. "Like, not everyone wants to fill out a form when they're getting ready to bang."

Soonhee bristled. "It's no different than making sure a registered sex offender is known in their neighborhood, is it?" she said. "Any vampire can be dangerous. Any vampire can become a killer. We all know this. The form and registration is for your safety, Shay - suppose we know that you've been a vampire's sacrifice before, and you go missing or your body turns up somewhere. Well, we know where to start investigating first. Second, what if you suddenly decided to go tell the world that vampires exist?"

"Who the fuck would believe me?"

"That's not the point!"

Both of us were now ruffled like cats before a fight. Soonhee settled down, smoothing out her skirts, and cleared her throat softly. "Yorick is guilty of more than that," she continued. "The Society's rules are all for the safety of mortal and immortal. One of those..." She paused. "Do you know much of the BDSM lifestyle?"

I stared at her, taken aback. Were we dragging whips and chains into this? "Not really," I admitted, confused. "What does that have to do with anything?"

"A lot, actually," she replied. "Just like that of the relation between vampire and sacrifice, a submissive in the BDSM lifestyle can be hurt badly in the moment. To prevent this, most practitioners of BDSM follow something called S.S.C. - Safe, sane, and consensual. We at the Society adopted this as law some time ago." Soonhee's hand lifted to the side of her face, and she twisted a lock of hair around her fingers as she spoke. "Safe, meaning that we will make all precautions necessary to make sure that both parties are not in danger during the act. Sane, meaning that both are of sound mind and are aware of all risks, and that neither party is incapable of deciding what they want. Consensual, meaning that both have agreed to the act of their own will, and have not been coerced in any way." Her eyes darkened, and she pulled on the lock of hair she held. "Yorick's broken every part of this law, and he continues to do so, probably with you, too."

"He has not!" I said adamantly. "You're trying to say I'm not consenting or something? Or - what - that I'm not doing this in a safe way? I know what I'm doing."

"How do you tell him to stop when you're at your limit?" she asked patiently. 

"... What do you mean?" 

"Do you have a safe word?"

"Safe word? You go that far? This isn't bondage."

"No, it's worse, because there's always a risk of death with this," she said crisply. "I assume he numbs you, at least."

I looked at her in confusion. "Numb...?"

Her eyes widened slowly. "He does numb the pain, right?" she said. "There's no way he doesn't - Does it hurt when he bites you?"

The hair on the back of my neck prickled. I raised a hand to my throat unconsciously. "I... Well, yeah," I mumbled. "Is it... not supposed to?"

Soonhee looked exasperated, somewhat scared. "Vampires have ways to make the pain of biting near nonexistent. Someone like Yorick, I know he's able to. You're telling me he just bites you without numbing your pain at all? How do you bear it?" she said hoarsely. 

I didn't know what to say. Should I tell her that? I didn't even know that Ricky could do that... But of course, I thought, he wouldn't. Not with me. Because... With a shudder, I murmured out, "It feels good."

With my eyes fixed on my lap, I couldn't see Soonhee's expression, but her silence spoke volumes. "What?" I heard her say.

"I like it," I said shakily. "He doesn't have to numb it... I... don't really want him to."

"What do you mean, you don't want him to?" she said. "Being bitten is agony. He's ripping a hole in your muscles with his teeth! That kind of pain is near intolerable for any human, I've seen grown men pass out from it. How - "

"Will you stop?" I said loudly. God, just her description was arousing me. I clenched my fists on my knees. This was none of her business. She had no right to know about it. But even so, I told her, with a shuddering breath. "I'm a masochist, okay?"

The soundless, stagnant atmosphere in the room was choking. "You what?" said Soonhee faintly. "Shay... You're... You mistake pain for pleasure... That's what that is, right?" She ran her fingers over her lips, mouthing silently, and then shook her head. "That smell here, it's blood, isn't it? I can smell dry blood. You've spilled blood. Oh, my god. Shay, do you even realize the danger you're putting yourself in? This is... No, this is far worse than I thought." Her voice was hurried, trembling.

I didn't like her reaction. It was pissing me off. "What I do in my sex life is none of your concern," I said harshly, "and I know what my limits are, all right?"

"Yorick could kill you!" cried Soonhee. 

"A bus could kill me!" I retorted. "Yorick's not some mindless animal. He knows as well as I do where to stop."

"That doesn't mean he cares, Shay," she growled. 

"And besides that," I charged on, louder now, "There's nothing he's done to me that can't be fixed with - that thing - the thing where he lets me taste his blood..."

"Bloodsharing," Soonhee said, "has its limits. Just how far are you willing to go? What are you letting him do to you, Shay?"

"That's not - can I uninvite you?" I said angrily. "Seriously. Get the fuck out of my home!"

Soonhee immediately got to her feet, and for a moment I thought she was going to strike me; but as I recoiled from her, she instead turned on her heel and began to frog-march back to the front door with her back and legs very stiff. Bewildered, I followed her and watched as she slipped into her jacket and very calmly opened the door to usher herself out, her expression indignant and annoyed. As she stepped onto the doormat outside and seized the door handle to close it, she shot out at me, "I really wish you wouldn't do that! It's very -"

But she slammed the door before she could finish, and I barely heard a muffled word beyond it. I just stood there for a minute, weirded out. Wondering if Soonhee really had left, I peered out of the peephole again, but she was gone. So I really could revoke someone's invitation. Bizarre, I thought. I couldn't imagine Ricky goosestepping out of my home like that. 

Ricky! I wanted to tell him Soonhee had come by. I stepped back from the door and went to look for my phone, but once I found it... No... That probably wasn't a good idea. Ricky had been very clear about how he felt when it came to the Society. I had gone against his order just by letting Soonhee inside. But I still wanted to talk to him. So, after a skip, I picked up the phone anyway and threw myself on the bed. 

"Hey" I said. And then: "You working right now?"

I got up and messed with my music player while I waited for a response, and reached up to move one of my model robot's arms while the sounds of stoner rock like Ricky's came on. He'd gotten me in the mood for it. After about a minute, the phone blinged. 

"Yes." came the response. 

Short. He must have been busy. But I decided to go on. "Will you be free later?" I asked.

A pause. "Perhaps. I'm not entirely sure about that yet." His side bubbled again. "Don't make plans around me, though. Go enjoy your evening."

Enjoy my evening... Without Ricky? Lately that had been hard to do. He was all I really thought about. But I typed back "OK". 

Now I had to think about what I was going to do all day. I didn't really have any other people to hang out with. But I did want to go hang out somewhere. Do something. What, though? I laid on the bed, staring at the ceiling. Then I sat up with a smile.

I wanted to go dance.