 I wasted the day away, waiting for the right time to head out to the club. Despite my excitement, I still had to be convinced – that it was okay to step back out into the real world; that if I had never seen Jade at that club before, then that single night was only a fluke and I'd probably never see him again; and that even if I did see him, I'd just ignore him, and take my well-deserved happiness. 

My desire for a semblance of normalcy drove me out the door. I wore my black boots for the first time in weeks, along with a purposefully tattered tee and the jeans I'd worn knee holes in over time. The gaping denim mouths opened and closed as I jogged lightheartedly down the road to my destination. All alone. But I would have fun. I demanded it. I would let loose and dance, and drive all the uncertainty from my cerebral mess with muscle strain.

The encounters with Soonhee and the Society had made me feel very strange inside. I didn't like questioning my relationship with Ricky. All of them seemed very adamant that I not see him anymore, and I still didn't know why. Nothing they said seemed to gel with what I had seen of Ricky – his kindness, his passion, his understanding of me. He had indulged my every desire and then some, with barely any question of why. He drew his own pleasure from my pain, and that only made me crave him more. So why, then, did they treat him like a criminal, like a villain? I wanted to understand, but they always left me with more questions than answers. 

Before I knew it, I was climbing the steps to the club entrance behind other loud, chatty newcomers. I checked my coat at the door with my cover charge – damn weekends – and stepped into the throb of music upstairs. Drink later. Dance now. 

It was somehow more crowded than I remembered it being last time, and it was much harder for me to find a spot to dance. When I finally did, there was only room for... well, pogoing, basically. Everyone else seemed fine with that. Boring. I clapped my hands over my ears to stifle the blasting technopop and waded through the dancers back to the steps. Maybe I'd have better luck downstairs. 

The nightlifers were still thronging here, but I had places to dance, and it wasn't as relaxed as it normally was. Tonight, people were going to town. There were still the bumpers and grinders off in the corners, but in the center of it all, between all the leather lounge chairs, a bunch of very loud partiers were jumping and dancing to the music. I saw purple hair and felt my heart stop – but it was long and bouncing over the shoulder of a chubby girl in fishnets. I was safe. So, feeling invigorated and beyond friendly, I joined the fray.

There was a slight dimming of the noise in the circle as I threw myself between the strangers, into the center where a couple of girls were giving it their all. Before I had arrived, their legs and feet were thunder on the floor, their bodies gyrating with their repetitive dance. They, like everyone else in their group, eyed me somewhat curiously; but then, with my heart in my mouth, I swallowed my pride and moved, and the whole flock started up in appreciative hollering again. I tried to match what one of the girls, an hourglass figure in a wave of blue hair, had just been doing, though my stiff, straight body was completely incapable of moving the way she did. She burst out in laughter, her companion in red dreadlocks shaking with mirth – but somehow I knew they weren't laughing at me. The two eyed each other and then me, grinning, and their dancing restarted with me among them all. 

It felt so... normal.

This mess continued, with each of us trying to outdo the other in our craziness, until the song ended and bled into the next. Most of the remaining onlookers were laughing now, others whooping gleefully. The pair of girls looked me up and down appreciatively, and as the new song dimmed in volume, they each said their hellos.

"Hey," said the blue-haired girl. 

"Hey," said the red.

"Hey there," I panted breathlessly, and they laughed.

"Who taught you to dance?" asked the red, a purple-nailed hand up to her mouth. 

I raised my eyebrows. "What... am I that good?" I said, stunned. 

"No, hon, I'm saying you should fire them," she replied, and the two of them, among others, lapsed into giggles. I looked at them sheepishly. But the intention was clear. I was being ribbed, and I didn't really mind. 

"I'm Harley," said the girl in blue, and she pointed to her friend with a gloved hand; on the knit fabric, a glowing green bone structure was printed. "This is Candy." 

"Hi," said red-haired Candy with a giggle.

"And this is -" Harley stopped, looked around her, and then huffed with frustration. Her hand shot out into the little throng of dancers, and she pulled with her a very slender, pear-shaped blonde girl. This one squealed, her bicep trapped in Harley's strong grip. "This is Leah," she finished with a flourish.

Leah blushed and murmured something – her lips said "Hello," but whatever sound she made was drowned out by the talking and the music. As plain as she looked between blue-haired Harley and red-haired Candy, Leah somehow stood out to me, perhaps because she offered such a strange contrast to her fellows. Harley and Candy were dressed from head to toe in black, raunchy goth chic, with tight shorts overtop stressed and damaged tights and fishnets, their cleavage exposed in low-cut tanks, with Harley sporting a rather impressive rack and Candy showing no signs of any supportive garments. 

Leah was... There was no other word for it; she was pretty. Fair-skinned and freckled, she was small in the chest and noticeably wider in the hips. Her thick and wavy blonde hair was restrained as best as it could be into a ponytail, but her messy bangs threatened to obscure her watery blue eyes. The short black dress she wore accentuated her slight figure, the tight hem printed with skulls, and her dark, transparent nylons were free of runs and holes, whereas her friends' seemed to show off these imperfections. On her feet, though I never knew how she could possibly dance in them, were strappy, open-toed heels. 

"Hey," I greeted her cheerfully. Her freckled cheeks broke out into a deeper flush and she looked down at her silver-ringed fingers, twisting them together nervously.

"You didn't tell us your name," chimed Candy in her twittery voice.

"Oh! Uh... Shay," I said, and the pair of them giggled again. 

"Come dance with us," begged Harley, and she seized my arm to pull me. "Or whatever it is you were doing!"

So I did whatever it was I did with the three of them, off in a corner where Harley had dragged me. Harley's and Candy's ample breasts were distractedly bouncing as they put their moves on, and Leah, between them, only gyrated her hips with her arms bent up and her gemmed earrings flouncing back and forth. At least she looked like she was having fun, shy as she was. They were all really cute. I'd never had a group of girls on me like this, and goddamn, was it exciting. My hips were flanked with heated bodies, though Leah stood giggling awkwardly off in front of me, watching her friends entrap me between them. 

The night went on pretty normally, more normally than I'd ever had a night with girls like this. We broke off and shared drinks at the bar, bonding fast, Harley becoming more and more flirty as her cheeks reddened with liquor. It wasn't an awkward flirting, not like with Jade. I felt very comfortable around these three, loud Candy, outgoing Harley, quiet and smiling Leah sipping her cranberry cocktail. 

"Are you alone?" Harley said suddenly, as I downed my third shot. 

I blinked, throat burning. "Uh – yeah," I admitted. 

"I just don't usually see guys come here by themselves," she said, exchanging a look of surprise with Leah. "Why?"

I shrugged. "I dunno... I like dancing."

Candy giggled. She was really giggly, and the cocktails weren't helping.

"Well, come dancing with us next time," said Harley with a smirk. "Oh, and other places, too. You a mallrat?" she quipped. "We were talking about going down to King of Prussia next weekend."

Mallrats. I hadn't been to the King of Prussia mall in years. For Jersey and city people, hardly anyone our age really went to malls with the intention of shopping. You went to hang out, people-watch, and stare at goods you either didn't want or couldn't afford. Probably sounded boring to the rest of the world, but it was the norm here. "Sounds awesome," I said truthfully. "I'm down."

Harley gave a cheer and laughed, echoed by her girlfriends. Leah always tucked herself into her shoulders when she laughed, as if she didn't want anyone to see her broad smile. 

Her laughter fading, Harley shook back her ocean of hair and fluttered at me. "So..." she said. "Are you... Seeing any-"

"Omigod, this is my FAVORITE song!" screeched Candy, and she leapt off her barstool, dragging Leah and Harley with her by their hands. Startled, I followed.

The girls made their way upstairs for this one, making sure I was following them every step. Waves of hard bass crashed over us all as we dove into the pit. Harley's sentiments from downstairs were lost, but she didn't seem to mind. She flashed smiles and burning eyes at me as she danced, with more passion in her movement than before, and we were all soon lost in our enjoyment. But in the heat of the moment, I looked up to take in the crowd... And from the sea of faces, I saw a pair of eyes glowering at me from beneath a rain of black hair. 

It was Ricky.

Though the girls still danced beside me, I stopped dead, Ricky's eyes the headlights that caught the deer. He moved fluidly between people as if they were only a calm river flowing around his ankles. His smile was cunning, his eyes knowingly gleaming, and I could do nothing but stand still as he approached me.

"Shay?" Harley looked up at me with concern furrowing her brow. "What -"

"Shay, there you are," Ricky called over the din as he finally wormed close to us. "I've been looking for you."

I wanted to ask what he was doing here, how he knew where I was... But before I could, Ricky threw a hand out and seized me by the nape of my neck, pulling me hard into him. In another second he kidnapped my mouth in a deep, locking kiss, and I shuddered in his arms as he held my neck and face. When we broke apart, I was gasping. Why did I feel so... guilty?

"Who are your friends, Shay?" asked Ricky loudly. "Aren't you going to introduce them?"

I didn't know why I was so thunderstruck. It wasn't as if I didn't want Ricky there... But when I turned to look at the girls, all three were in different states of shock. Bubbly Candy stood blushing with her mouth hanging open. Wide-eyed Leah had her hands up to her mouth. Harley looked like she'd just been slapped, the same surprise and horror etched on her face.

My voice returned and, dazed, I spoke. "Uh... Yeah," I said in raised voice to make myself heard in the dance hall. "Ricky, this is Harley, Candy, and Leah," I said slowly, gesturing to each girl in turn, each of whom stared at me.

"Nice to meet you girls," said Ricky, a cool smile across his placid features. "I'm Ricky. Shay's boyfriend."

The phrase came so suddenly that I had no time to think about it, rolled across Ricky's tongue so strongly. Boyfriend? It seemed a word so foreign in his mouth. But he'd said it, and Harley... Poor Harley... I had suddenly understood her intentions, her feelings, when her expression changed from surprise to dismay. Candy turned to her immediately, but Leah was still frozen, her eyes locked on Ricky. 

"If you girls don't mind," said Ricky, snaking a hand around my waist, "I think I'm going to take Shay home for the night. Have a good evening, will you?"

Before I could protest, I found myself being steered across the dance floor, Ricky weaving me through the crowd with him without missing a step. I was still out of it. What had just happened? Where was I going? Home? Whose home? Why was Ricky here? Most of all... Was I in trouble?

"Ricky... what's going on?" I asked breathlessly, as he pulled me down the stairs to the lobby. 

"Where's your coat?" he asked.

"I checked it – I have a ticket for it -"

"Give me the ticket," he ordered, holding his hand out expectantly. I fished in both my pockets, withdrew the little paper slip, and handed it to him shakily. "Stay," he said, and he disappeared, leaving me at the front door. 

In his absence my mind was whirling. For some reason, I felt as if I had just been caught doing something bad. But I had done nothing wrong. I was dancing with friends – all girls, at that. I mean, sure, they were hot to varying degrees, and I dug anyone, really. But I had not considered Ricky and I to be an item for whatever reason, more just fuckbuddies – until he'd uttered the word "boyfriend". 

In half a minute, Ricky returned and slung my wool coat over my sweating shoulders, the inside liner soaking immediately. "Let's go," he said abruptly, and he seized my upper arm, pulling me with him past the bouncer and newcomers and out the door.

"Ricky, what are you doing here?" I gasped, stumbling down the steps as we descended to the sidewalk and took a sharp left. "I... I didn't tell you -"

"I'd decided to visit your home, since you apparently weren't doing anything," he interrupted, shaking his hair back over his shoulders. "When I realized you weren't there, I tracked you. You left an easy trail the whole way here by foot. And I find you flirting with those girls."

"Fl – I wasn't flirting," I said quickly. "I was just hanging out with some new friends... Ricky, seriously, I mean that." I was stammering now, trying to keep my voice steady as he pulled me along. "Where are we going?"

"I'm driving you home."

"You drive? What – You have a car?"

"I don't use it often. This city's traffic is monstrous. Yes, I drive, thank you, I've had since the Ford Model T to learn."

I didn't get that, if it was a joke. After about a block, Ricky steered me to one side, in front of a sleek, black, American musclecar. Not a classic, not fancy or ostentatious, but something definitely new. Ricky popped the passenger door open and held it. 

"Get in," he said. 

"Ricky -"

"Get in," he repeated sharply. "I won't ask again."

Hesitantly, keeping my eyes locked in his darkened, burning gaze, I folded myself into the car without much difficulty. A two-seater. He must not have liked company much. The door slammed at my side, and I sat in uncomfortable silence before the driver's door opened in its stead, and Ricky slipped in beside me. 

"When you say home," I said, "Is... Is that my home, or yours?"

"Mine," he said. With a soft metallic jingling, he shoved the key into the ignition and started it up, the musclecar's engine snarling to life. The radio came on, loud, and I nearly had to stuff my fingers in my ears before Ricky reached over and brought the stoner metal album down to a low, thudding hum.

I trembled. "Are you... angry at me?" I whispered. 

"In a way," he replied frigidly. "In another... Hold on." He paused as he threw his head to one side and twisted about in his seat, looking back with one hand on the steering wheel. He muttered irritably to himself the entire time. "God damned parallel parking. Damned parking meters. Fuck city driving. Fuck these morons – learned at Helen Keller's school for driving, you fucking cunt..."

I sat there stunned at the stream of obscenities flowing off Ricky's icy tongue. It would have been comical if the situation hadn't been so terse. After a moment, we were out of the parking spot and on the tight road. I waited for Ricky to finish his sentiment.

"Where was I... I'm protecting you," he said clippingly. 

I stared at him. "From... From what?" I asked. "I'm not in danger... I was just spending time with some new friends, I had just met those girls -"

"And how long do you think it would be before they found out about you?" said Ricky. "That thing that you don't want people to know. The thing you hate about yourself."

I sat there putting pieces together. It all clicked so unpleasantly. "My... My being a masochist?" I whimpered. "They... don't need to know about that, do they?"

"And what if they did know, Shay?" said Ricky calmly. He turned the car smoothly down a side street, keeping his eyes forward. "What expression would be in their eyes? What sort of disgust, of fear, would they regard you with? Would they abandon you, or do you think they would still pretend, painstakingly, that they thought you were a normal human being just like them? And how long would that last?"

His words cut deeper than knives. In the near silence hushed by quieted music, I could do nothing but be absorbed in those nightmares. My insides felt cold, hollow, my lungs struggling to fill with air. I felt Jade's horrified gaze on me again. I imagined Harley's eyes stricken with the same kind of terror, the same hatred. I shuddered almost violently and clenched my fists, closing my eyes.

"I meant it when I called myself your boyfriend," Ricky continued silkily. "Allow it, Shay, and I'll love you the way you want. I have never judged you. I will never. We're here," he added, and I was snapped from my daze. 

How could I move now? What he'd just said... Ricky had never used the word love. I had never considered that love was a factor, that this thing between us was any more than physical, built on lust alone. But as I turned to look at him, at his deep, stormy eyes that had caught mine as he turned off the car's engine... I felt my desire for it all swell and burst within me. I wanted it... His love. 

Ricky broke his eyes from mine first, sliding from the car seat onto the pavement. I didn't recognize where we were at first, but as I followed him, clambering out of the musclecar's seat, I realized we were across the street from his apartment. I'd never noticed the car parked here. 

"Come," said Ricky, and he started across the road up to his door. I scampered after him, still dizzy from his revelation, and by the time the two of us had gotten up the steps, he'd unlocked the door and let us both inside. 

I was ready to start asking questions, but I didn't get to. The moment the door closed and locked behind us, throwing us both into darkness, Ricky seized me by the arms and slammed me against the wall. He swallowed my gasps, his lips taking mine, kissing me deeply, fiercely. I shook, groaning into his mouth, melting down the wall. I found his knee pushed hard between my legs, keeping me up and putting pressure where the heat in me grew. His mouth broke from mine and I laid against the wall panting.

"You're mine," he said in an undertone. "Tell me what you want from me."

I trembled hard in his arms, feeling the heat billowing up through my veins as his scent and terrible aura washed over me in passionate waves. "Hurt me," I heard my voice shake out, and then, in pleading, hoarse voice: "Love me..."

He said nothing, only recapturing my breath in his throat as we kissed harder and deeper. After what felt an eternity, he ripped himself from me and very roughly brought me to the floor beneath him. I threw out a loud noise as my back thudded on the hardwood, knocking the wind out of me. Ricky tangled his fingers in the holes of my tattered shirt, pulling it up as he kissed the dry sweat from the length of my chest.

"Ricky," I breathed tremulously. "I... w-we're doing this here...? The d-doorway..."

"It's my home," he growled pleasantly. "I do what I want, where I want, with you. Do you object?"

"But here...?"

"Fine then," he said, and before I knew it, I was being lifted and pulled over Ricky's shoulder. My shirt lay abandoned behind us. I cried out as his strong, blunt shoulder pushed into my stomach abruptly, my legs caught in his arm, and after only a few steps, I landed on my back on the modular couch in the living room. I barely had time to regather myself before Ricky caged my body with his own, pinning my limbs between his arms and knees. My heart was imprinting itself on my ribs with its pounding. Ricky reached up and ran his fingers through my sweat-soaked hair. 
