 I was pacing the floor with one hand holding the phone to my ear, the other pulling me into my underwear. From the canopied bed, Ricky sat glaring at me in slight annoyance. He looked plenty well-rested, but apparently, he didn't appreciate being woken up by my outburst when I'd realized my mother had called me.

"I haven't heard from you in ages," she was gushing. "You don't call, you don't write... You know, your grandmother left you a very nice birthday picture on your Facebook, I can't tell you what a hassle that was to teach her... Funny story, though, remind me to tell you about it. Where was I?"

"Mom, I'm twenty-six," I said exasperatedly. "It's not like I'm away at college waiting for care packages. I've just been busy."

"Oh, Shay sweetie, we just want to hear from you more often is all," said Mom. "Anyway, Arden's graduation is next June, are you coming up for that? I think it would mean a lot to her!"

Arden, my little sister, was a senior at her high school now. The last time I'd seen her had been in her junior prom photos, and she was growing up in a way that made me feel pretty old. "Of course I'm going to be there," I said honestly, running a hand through my hair as I tried to finally wake up. "Ards would kill me if I didn't show up."

Mom laughed. "I don't doubt that, she's been a terror. Why didn't you teach her your secrets? You were never a troublemaker at her age. Remember that time the police took you in for doodling on the back of a stop sign in middle school, and you cried the whole time because you thought you were going to state prison? You kept saying you used your one phone call to call me. Oh, you were precious, it was so hard not to laugh at you."

"Mom," I said loudly, flushing, "You're rambling again."

"Oh darn, you're right! Sorry, baby!" My mother had a habit of going into reminiscences at the weirdest times. One minute you're asking what's for dinner, the next she starts pulling out baby photos. 

"Is that all you wanted to talk about? Ards' graduation?"

"Well yes, and to hear from you. Oh! No, I forgot. Thanksgiving is in a week and a half, are you coming up to see us? I'm making roasted asparagus again, it's your favorite!"

Thanksgiving? Fuck, I'd completely forgotten about it. I had a terrible memory with dates and holidays. A past girlfriend of mine had broken up with me because I'd forgotten our anniversary and her birthday. Days were days, it just didn't matter to me. "I... I dunno, Mom," I said, racking my brain to see what I was doing.

"Oh, come on! You're not telling me the warehouse has you scheduled on Thanksgiving day. That would be just awful. Are you still working at the warehouse? You are, right?"

"Yes, mom," I said. "I just don't know because I'm usually... making plans with a friend on my off days," I said slowly, and I looked over my shoulder to see Ricky still staring at me. But his face had softened, and he was chinning himself on his hand. "Hold on," I told Mom.

"What's up?" said Ricky.

"My mom wants me back home for Thanksgiving," I told him, putting my hand over the speaker. 

"So go," he said. "Actually... Why don't we both go?"

"What?" I blurted. "Ricky - you don't even eat -"

"I can't meet your family?" he said, quirking an eyebrow.

"I - w - wait a sec, hold on!" I put the phone back up to my ear. "Hey - Mom, sorry, who all's gonna be there, exactly?"

"Oh, me, your dad, Arden, Arden's boyfriend -"

"Wait, hold up, when did Arden get a boyfriend?"

"Oh, they started going out over the summer. You wouldn't have seen them in her prom pictures. He's a nice young man, so we invited him. Do you have someone you'd like to bring?"

God, sometimes she could just say the most convenient shit. I looked nervously at Ricky, who was still smiling at me with satisfaction. Did I really want to go there? "Uh - Lemme check with a friend of mine, and I'll call you back about it. Anyway, I'll come up for the holiday, don't worry about that. I'll take a Greyhound up."

"All right, sweetie. Do you want money for the bus?"

"No, I got it, Mom. Thanks."

"Okay. Love you, Shay sweetie!"

"Love you too, Mom. Bye."

I hung up and whirled around to stare at Ricky. "Do you have any idea what you're suggesting?" I said hoarsely.

"I'm suggesting that I visit your family," he said simply. "It sounds quite interesting, in my opinion. I've never attended a Thanksgiving dinner."

"Ricky," I said, "You're a guy. You're a guy who fucks me and gets me off by hurting me. Your idea of a fun date night was sticking thirty cannula needles in my chest. And did I forget to mention - you're a vampire!"

"All true, I won't deny it. I seem to remember you loved the needles. Your point?"

"You really think it's a good idea for you to meet my mother?"

"Well, it's not as if they need to know every detail," said Ricky dismissively. "Why can't I simply attend as your boyfriend?"

"You definitely can't do that," I said sharply.

Ricky looked at me with renewed curiosity. "Are your parents unaware that you're gay?"

"I'm not gay!" I said. "I mean - not exactly. I like anyone, guys, girls, whatever. But - no, I've never brought home a guy before. In fact, you're the only one I've ever dated - if that's what we're doing. And no, my parents don't know I fuck guys. I didn't think it was any of their business."

"Ignoring the superfluous rant you just went on, what you're saying is you think your parents are going to be disappointed or even angry that you're dating a man."

I bit my lip. "Maybe?" I said lamely. 

"Hmm," said Ricky. "Are they devout at all?"

"What?"

"Religious? Christian, Catholic?"

"I - Oh. I mean, my mom's family is Catholic, but they're just kind of passively Christian, I guess."

"I'm not sure what you're worried about, then," said Ricky. "But in any case, perhaps you could just be bringing a friend along. It's not exactly a lie."

I stared at him in confusion. "Are you that dead-set on going all the way to North Jersey just to find out what a suburban Thanksgiving is like? You're not even going to eat."

Ricky chuckled. "I'll eat, thank you. Just because I can't taste food doesn't mean I can't eat it."

"What a waste of good turkey," I said bitterly. "I'll think about it, all right? We've got some time before I need to give my plus-one."

"Sounds fair," said Ricky.

I sighed, still exhausted. It had been a long night, and I wasn't altogether rested yet. But before I put my phone away, I checked the time. Mom had been right. It was past noon now. "I've got work in an hour and a half," I said suddenly. 

As I scurried around the room, gathering up my clothes, Ricky merely sat there watching me with his chin in his hand again. "You know," he said, "you wouldn't have to work if you didn't want to."

"What?" I said distractedly, pulling my shirt on. 

"Look where I'm living, Shay," said Ricky, and he tossed a hand casually around the room. "This apartment doesn't even cost a minute fraction of the fortune I've amassed in my lifetime. If you lived here, with me, you could stop working just to rent that shithouse you call home."

"You work, too," I said, stung.

"I work at a tattoo parlor doing something that interested me for this lifetime," he replied. He stretched, groaning, and slid out of bed. "Get ready to go, and I'll walk you to work. We'll get you some breakfast on the way."

"I don't have my work clothes," I said helplessly. "I can't go to work in dance gear."

"So we'll stop at your house," said Ricky simply. "You'll have to anyway. We've got time."

He convinced me. Once the two of us were dressed, Ricky donning his hooded jacket and aviators, we headed out onto the street under the autumn sun. Ricky disappeared under his self-inflicted shade.

"What did you mean by fortune?" I asked, stuffing my hands into my pockets away from the cold air. 

"Hm?"

"You said something about the 'fortune you'd amassed'."

"Oh, that," said Ricky casually. "I've lived for hundreds of years, Shay. I exist in one... Let's call it 'lifetime', for about fifteen to twenty years. After that, I pick myself up and move to another part of the world, away from people who might recognize that I've ceased aging. I restart my life there, as a young man of only twenty years, and rebuild a new life with a new career."

"You what?" I said incredulously. I looked almost nervously at people we passed by on the street, worried they might overhear Ricky's unbelievable claim - but then again, it was unbelievable. "Doesn't that get... Inconvenient?"

"Not really," he shrugged. "I've never truly forged any attachments I couldn't let go of before. Acquaintances come and go, as do jobs, and hobbies. One day I'll have to say goodbye to Karen as well, to tell her that I want to go find myself or something. And I'll disappear from Philadelphia for the second time. Let's go there, I'll buy you a sandwich," added Ricky, nodding towards a Wawa to our left. 

I warmed up as we stepped inside, the air thick with the smell of coffee and lunch, and followed Ricky to the sandwich counter, where with his encouragement, I ordered a meatball sub. Provolone and spinach, just the way I like it. "The second time?" I repeated him a minute after the fact while we waited for the sub. 

Ricky chuckled. "I was a student of mortuary science in the 1920s," he explained. "A very interesting path, but ultimately, more for fun than for profit. But I liked this city. It's changed a lot. Anyway, I've been involved in a lot of career paths that made me far more money than I ever needed. Stockbroker, politician, architect, even the short-lived CEO for a large company. Thank you," he said to the lady who handed us my sandwich, all wrapped and ready to go. The little bundle was still warm in my hands when we paid and bagged it.

"The point is," Ricky continued outside, "I don't spend money much, even though it looks like I do. If I wanted to, I could have a condominium on the Delaware river - though why anyone would want to is beyond me. I rent sensibly-priced apartments and make them feel luxurious. I don't need to eat, so I don't spend money on feeding myself. I take care of the clothing that I have and very rarely supplement my wardrobe. And that's all so that I can spend lifetimes where I don't make much money at all, still living comfortably. And," he smirked at me, "spoiling people that I'd like to waste money on."

We reached my apartment and I changed my clothes, and discovered I had enough time now to eat my sub before I headed out. While I chewed, questions still soared through my mind. "What did you do before you turned?" I asked.

"Ah, I told you that's a story for another time."

"This is another time, isn't it?"

Ricky smiled. "Believe me when I say we don't have enough time. If I told you that one little snippet of my life, you'd have to hear the whole thing." He checked his phone, frowning. "Hm. And you're not the only one who needs to be at work," he muttered.

I made a noise of curiosity with my mouth full of meatball.

"Karen's texted me," he said. "Looks like I'm on desk duty today, poor girl's going home with stomach flu. I'm afraid we'll be going our separate ways when you're finished eating."

I swallowed my bite of sandwich. All I could think to say was "Oh..."

Ricky reached over and ruffled my hair with a gloved hand. "You can survive without me," he said. "Finish up and let's go. We both have places to be."

I polished off my sub somewhat reluctantly, savoring my time with Ricky more than my food. I was hesitant about leaving him again. And for the first time after so many distractions, I began to actually think about his offer.

"Did you mean that?" I asked quietly as we descended onto the pavement outside.

Ricky looked at me with raised eyebrows. "Mean what?" he said.

I looked down at my work boots. "That... That I could go stay with you and stop working."

Beside me, Ricky laughed gently. "The offer is open, but let's talk about it. It'd be a big decision for you. Lots of moving, lots of goodbyes."

I nodded. Ricky had gotten me far too excited. Was I really prepared to give up my job, the home I'd scrimped to rent, even if it was a shitty one? Ricky reached over to me and drew me close, leaving a chaste kiss on my lips.

"We'll part ways here," he said. "Have a good day at work, Shay."

"You too," I replied with half a smile.

With a smirk of his own, Ricky turned and walked in the opposite direction. 

~

Shipment was slow that day, and I was getting distracted again. Don was at my side, moving things onto a large wooden pallet while I tried to help. We kept conversation to a light minimum for the most part, just to keep our minds busy over the mindless work. Don told me how his youngest daughter was doing in her track meets, and how she'd broken her school's record for the long jump.

"How're you doing anyway?" he asked gruffly, shifting a box next to its fellows.

I hefted a box up beside his, pausing to think. I didn't know what to say. But for some reason, I had been feeling more comfortable around Don lately - and maybe he was the only person I could talk to, to get some real advice on my troubles. "I guess I'm all right," I said. "But... Hey, Don..."

"Yeah?"

"If you were really good friends with someone, but people kept telling you your friend was a bad person... What would you do?"

Don walked over to the stack we were moving and stopped, frowning under his whiskers. "Well, how well do you know this friend of yours?" he asked.

I thought. "A little bit, I guess. Not as well as I'd like to," I admitted. "But he's never done anything bad that I've seen. He's... a good friend."

"There's two sides to every story," said Don. "My girl Tamara's a straight-A student, never done anything wrong that I've seen, and I pay attention to my kids. But last year, she started hanging out with this group - oh, they were good students too, all honor students, track 'n field, just like her. But she goes out with 'em one weekend, and what do they do?" He grabbed another box with a grunt and shunted it over onto our pallet. "Fuckin' drinkin'. All of 'em get nailed for underage drinkin', and drivin' after curfew on top of it. Poor Tamara told me she didn't want any part of it, but y'know those kinda kids. Fuckin' pressured her. I grounded her for three months." He wiped the sweat off his brow. "What was I saying... Anyway, people you think are good can be shitheads, and people you think are bad can be great people. You just need to find out for yourself. See who you trust more, Shay. You got a good head on your shoulders. And don't let anyone inside it."

Don was a veritable fountain of fatherly advice. I probably couldn't have asked a better person. My workload became much easier for the rest of the day, and I moved shipment with renewed vigor.

~

I showered that night to get rid of all the day's working sweat and stink, and tossed my work clothes into the washing machine in the kitchen. Now relaxing on my bed, I had time to think. Don was definitely right. But I began to think he had a point about more than just Ricky... He had a point about the guys at the Society too. Right now, I considered them bad people... But why? There were two sides to both of their stories, and I wanted all of them. Who should I really trust? Couldn't I trust both of them? After all, both they and Ricky wanted my safety... Right? 

I deliberated over my phone for what seemed like forever, and finally flicked through my recent calls to the Society's number. I decided it was probably time to give them a third and final chance.

After two rings, a silvery, female voice answered. "Thank you for calling the Society of Philadelphia, servicing the Delaware Bay and South Jersey district... May I ask the reason for your call this evening?" the voice said in a very practiced way. 

"Yeah, hi, this is Shay Ferguson... I'm calling to talk to Soonhee or Gilbert, or set up a meeting or something," I said.

The line went silent for a moment. "I-I'm sorry... Hold on a moment," said the voice. I couldn't help but think whoever it was had suddenly become very worried... And even more so, how strangely familiar they sounded. My thoughts were interrupted by hold music. Bizarre elevator tunes. Good god, couldn't they have gotten something better than this?

The elevator music stopped. "Thank you for waiting. This is Gilbert Kelly speaking," said Gilbert's soft voice.

"Hey, Gilbert. It's Shay... Shay Ferguson," I said stiffly.

I heard Gilbert laugh quietly. "I thought so," he said. "It's wonderful to hear from you, Mr. Ferguson. I was beginning to worry Soonhee had scared you off for good."

"Yeah, well... Can you just call me Shay? Mr. Ferguson is really weird to hear."

"Shay, then. I do feel the need to apologize. I told her not to follow you," said Gilbert with a sigh. "But... I have heard things about you since then, and I was becoming concerned. I have to say I'm very happy you've decided to contact us again." He paused. "Or is this a call to tell us to leave you alone?"

"No," I said. "I think I should come visit again. And I think... Well, I'm thinking of letting you guys register me after all."

"That's wonderful news. Are you busy tomorrow morning?"

"I work until three in the afternoon."

"Very well. If it's acceptable, please allow us to pick you up at your place of work or thereabouts. I will be coming to escort you myself," he said reassuringly. "I think it's safest that way."

Safest because I wouldn't blow up on Soonhee again, I thought. "Do you need the address of the place, or did Soonhee already tell you after tracking me down?" I said sardonically. 

Gilbert gave a guilty huff of laughter. "We do have it on our files. Forgive me. I'll be there at roughly three-fifteen. Is that reasonable?"

"Yeah. See you then, Gilbert."

"Have a good evening, Shay."

In the silence following the call, I worried that I had made the wrong decision again. But... At the very least, I wanted to make sure they wouldn't hunt Ricky. I didn't want any of them to hurt us, hurt what we had. And just as Don had said, there were two sides to every story. How could I be sure they weren't the good guys? What if both sides were good? I was very certain that Ricky meant me no harm. But there had to be a reason for their tribulation concerning him... This seemed to go beyond mere rule-breaking.

I put myself to fitful sleep with this internal argument. Maybe I would never have an answer.

~

"See you later, Don!"

"Later, man."

"Tell your girlfriend I said hi, Shay!"

Ugh. I still hadn't gotten out of the rumor Soonhee planted in my coworker's heads. As I walked out to the street with the sounds of their laughter still fresh, I wished she'd never shown up here. It was almost worse than them knowing about Ricky.

The near-winter sky was clear blue. The edges of my coat kept getting picked up by the stirrings of brisk wind, which bit into my fingertips until I was forced to pocket my hands. Gilbert said he'd be here. I shifted my duffel on my shoulder and waited, only a block away from my work.

The sound of the breeze was broken by the growing purr of an engine, and the familiar sleek, black Towncar slid up beside me. With the engine idling, the driver's side door opened and the driver from last time stepped out. He smiled at me over the roof of the car and walked over to my side.

"Good afternoon, Mr. Ferguson," he said in his deep, almost booming voice. "You all ready to go?"

"I guess... Where's Gilbert?" I asked. I peered into the dark back window. 

"He's in there," the driver chortled. "Lemme get that for ya."

He opened the back door for me and, sure enough, Gilbert, in a light gray sweater today, was sitting on the far seat. I climbed in beside him and let the driver shut me in. In another moment, we pulled away from the curb.
