 AN: Due to the lack of gay sex in the last chapter, Chapter 15 of Hematoma is located in the Nonhuman category. If you haven't seen it yet, please visit it here: https://www.literotica.com/s/hematoma-ch-15

******

"Ricky... What're you doing here?"

The words almost wouldn't come out before I spoke them. Ricky stood there in the doorway as if I'd been expecting him for hours, his black hair callous around the shoulders of his leather jacket and his expression nonchalantly pleasant. Without waiting for my invitation, he stepped in past me and began to shrug off his jacket. At his feet he dropped a paper shopping bag.

"I can't visit you for no reason?" he said coolly. "If you must know, I bought you a gift." 

He reached into the shopping bag and pulled out a good-sized box, which he tossed to me. I fumbled it in the midst of trying to close the door behind him and almost didn't catch it before it hit the floor. 

"What is -"

"It's a gift," Ricky reiterated clearly.

I looked at him, surprised, and then at the box. No one had bought me gifts like this out of the blue before. The box was white and covered in cartoon characters with a large, clear plastic panel on the front, and inside was a weird figurine from some Japanese cartoon I had never seen. 

"But what is it?" I laughed.

Ricky raised his eyebrows at me, somewhat nonplussed. "It is a giant robot," he said, "Or so the clerk said. I thought it looked a lot like the one you have in your room. Do you not like it?"

"No -- I like it," I said honestly, more amused than anything. I had literally no idea what the character was from, but it was pretty cool -- bright red with racing stripes, boxy-limbed and holding a sword almost as tall as itself. "Mind if I open it?"

"Be my guest, it's yours."

I plopped down on the couch and slit the tape on the box with my thumbnail while Ricky made himself at home. I didn't watch what he was doing; I was more excited about my gift, even if I didn't have the faintest clue what Japanimation thing this robot had come from. God, I was really out of the loop. 

With the robot figurine free of its plastic prison, I wasted no time posing it. Its joints were round and pretty high-quality... Arm up here, leg over here, point the sword skyward, and we're good. I got up and carried it carefully to place it next to its brother.

Ricky was already in my room, standing beside the bed with his back to the door. I didn't pay close attention to him until I'd put the robot down... But then I saw what he had in his hands.

He was reading my Society packet.

I felt my blood run cold down my body. Helplessly I reached out to to stop him, but I knew it was in vain. "Uh... Ricky..."

Ricky ignored me. After a moment of very awkward silence on my part, he very slowly turned the third page and continued to scan over the packet. Finally, halfway through the fourth page, he turned to me with a benign smile. "What is this, Shay?"

I gaped, trying to dig up my voice from below my stomach. "I, uh... It's just... It's -"

His expression never changing, Ricky seized the top of the packet with both hands and swiftly ripped it in half. I flinched. "What did I tell you about the Society, Shay?" Ricky said quietly, still smiling coldly.

"I -- Y-you -"

"I told you not to go near them again." He restacked the torn paper and ripped it in half again, the packet now quartered. "Was there something you misunderstood about that, Shay?"

"I..."

"Did you think I warned you about them for my own amusement?" He ripped the papers again. "Do you think I don't care what happens to you?"

"No!" I said breathlessly. 

"Then why do you feel the need to disobey me? No, disobey isn't the word," he said sharply. The confetti that was my Society paperwork fluttered down to the ground. "You endanger yourself. You do these things behind my back. When you do that, I cannot protect you from what they could do to you."

For the first time, I was defensive. "Ricky -- they've had me alone more than once, and no one there has hurt me -"

"Because it's me they want, and they're using you to get to me. Do you know that?" Ricky said darkly. "Do you realize that these people wouldn't give you a second thought if it weren't I who drinks your blood?"

I stared at him, breathing hard in suppressed fear. No... That wasn't true. That couldn't be true. My searching eyes found Ricky's, glowering at me from beneath his shadowed lids. I felt the floor give way beneath my feet. My insides swelled with warmth. Ricky wasn't lying. Ricky would never, ever lie to me. The air escaped from my lungs in a shudder. 

"I'm sorry," I whimpered.

Ricky smiled and ran his fingers delicately under my jaw, leaning forward to kiss me. His cold lips pressed, gently and deliberately, against my own, and I felt as if I were falling into his mouth once more. That soft, unending black hair was brushing my cheek, and Ricky's free hand burrowed under my shirt, sliding upwards until his seeking fingers found my left nipple ring... And he pulled hard. 

I howled and buckled under Ricky's hand, the cold pain sparking off through me like untrained static. The muscles in my stomach hardened with a shiver, and instinctively my hands fell over his through my shirt. Ricky's eyes were still boring into mine like dying embers. 

"I love you, Shay," he told me, every syllable carefully dropped from his cold tongue so that they ran down my spine like melting ice cubes. I shuddered and felt my knees buckling. "But if you continue to do this to me, you'll have to make a decision... It will be them, or me. Do you really want it to come to that?"

He pulled on my piercing harder. My fingers clenched over his knuckles through the cotton; it felt as if a thread was being yanked from within my belly, and for a moment, all I could do was gasp in awe of the horrid pleasure he gave with only this tiny gesture...

"No," I groaned. 

Ricky smiled and released my nipple piercing, letting his frigid fingers grace back down my abdomen as he escaped my clothes. "I think you've made the right choice, Shay," he said quietly, reaching up and stroking my cheek again. "Come. I'd hate to waste this visit."

With a smirk, he backed up and sat himself on the edge of my bed, moving to remove his shirt with the sun from the window gleaming on his white skin -- but he immediately stopped, seizing his left arm instead. "Damn! The -- Shay, shut the blinds, will you?" he hissed.

I stared at him in confusion. "What...?"

"Shut the blinds!"

My eyes fell to the skin on Ricky's arm and hand even as he got up from the bed in a panic and moved away from the window, and I suddenly realized what was happening -- the pearly skin that sheeted his muscles and the straining tendons of his hand was turning a nasty, blotchy shade of purple, then black as iron... Breaking myself from watching the spectacle in horror, I ran to the window and pulled the string on the blinds so that they reluctantly crashed down in their lopsided way. The sunlight was gone.

"Damn it all," Ricky swore angrily. He withdrew his hand and examined the damage in an almost complacent way. "I haven't been that careless in some time. I'd forgotten how much it hurts."

My breath shaking in my chest, I followed Ricky to the side of the bed to see for myself what his brief seconds in the sun had done. By the time I got to see, the injury was already healing, but it was taking far longer than the mere knife wounds I'd seen Ricky recover from when I'd first found out he was a vampire. The smooth skin on his hand was badly bruised and even blackened like charcoal in some places, and beyond that it had started being eaten away completely, so that I could see the rotting, discolored meat inside of him...

I had to stop myself from retching. Ricky frowned at me and resumed undressing, distracting me with his polished, unbruised chest. "Hey," he said wryly, "Don't look at that. Shit happens. Come on."

Ricky's afflicted hand wove behind my head into my hair and held me by the roots as he retook my lips in his own, drowning me in kisses until I was struggling for breath with my arms clutching at his back. He made me so lightheaded... His cold skin felt so good under my heated fingers, flushed with the blood that beat through my body with the ferocity my heart spurred.

With Ricky's guidance, I was pushed back against my bed in the safety of the shade the blinds had brought, and like a familiar scene, he helped me out of my clothes. His hair kept running over my chest and stomach as he dipped his face low and planted kiss after soft kiss along the muscles of my body, rising and falling with my quickening breath. I lifted myself against his mouth, begging for more. He chuckled deeply. 

"Where are you going to bite me?" I asked drowsily.

Ricky clicked his tongue and shook his head, unsheathing my hips from my jeans. "Oh, not today, I think," he smirked. "How long has it been since you've been inside someone yourself, Shay?"

Inside... A stinging shock ran down my spine as I realized what he was suggesting, my heartbeat corresponding to it. And, in turn, my arousal swelled along with it all. "Y-you want me to fuck you?"

He barked a laugh. "Fat chance. I'm going to ride you, Shay. Consider this a treat." Ricky's silver eyes gleamed and he leaned over me as he unbuttoned and kicked off his jeans. I looked down at his hands grazing over my body, the fingers catching on my piercings with their chipping black nail polish, bare along the cuticles. Once reaching my hips, Ricky's hands made another circuit back up, and when his fingers wrapped gently and yet threateningly around my throat, I groaned with pleasure. Every movement he made on me was like being stroked with a branding iron... And I wouldn't have cared if every touch left his mark on me, if every inch of my body were visibly claimed as his. 

"You always respond so well to me," Ricky said with praise, tracing down to my hardened sex, twitching with reined stimulation. "I'd bet you that you'd get hard the moment I told you to. So obedient," he said fondly, and he laughed under his breath. 

I didn't doubt it was true. Ricky's silk-spun voice pulled at the most sensitive parts of me as he spoke. I barely noticed him reaching into the toybox, which now held a proud spot beside my bed. This time, the cold lube was being dribbled onto my cock. I twitched at the unfamiliar, icy feeling that dampened the heat in me... But not for long.

I was trapped with Ricky's knees on either side of my waist. He smirked down at me and leaned over my supine body, pushing his hands onto my chest for support and further stealing my breath. I could only keep my eyes locked on his as his left hand trailed back down me in a line and guided my pulsing sex...

Cold! I inhaled sharply as Ricky lowered his hips, pushing me inside of him without any hesitation in his movement. He was impossibly tight, of course he would be... But I hadn't thought about how cold he would be inside. It was as if my eager sex was suddenly encased in ice -- ice without any of its bluntness, only soft and supple and so accommodating to me... I groaned and bucked my hips upward, and Ricky responded in kind, pushing me deeper inside his arctic body until our hips were all but melded.

"Too much?" Ricky offered quietly, and as I looked up at him with my chest heaving, I saw he was smirking at me. His shadowed eyes were shimmering. 

"No," I gasped. "You're just -"

"Tight? I'd imagine I am. Shall I move now?"

I couldn't speak. I nodded weakly, blowing out a shaking breath. 

With a soft laugh that welled up from his throat, Ricky moved his hands back to my chest and shifted his hips behind him, lifting and then pushing back onto me... I groaned loudly, turning my face to half muffle the noise into the pillow under me. Had his mouth been this cold? This had none of the precision, the skill of his tongue, but it felt so incredible to be inside of him... Ricky flexed his hips back and forth on top of me, firm and powerful, and I was so close to losing it... 

But it seemed the slow movements he made with me were merely experimental. Ricky moved his hands from my chest to my biceps, his arms pinning mine by my sides, and with a lopsided grin that flashed his razor canine teeth, he picked up the pace. Within moments he was all but slamming his hips down on mine, threatening to break me, and yet the pleasure inside me went uninterrupted -- he was only increasing it. My head went back and I howled with agonized ecstasy. I wanted to touch him... Wanted to make him feel as good as I did... I wondered if my heat felt good to him... My arms strained under his, and without my blood to swell him, I had no visual indication of his pleasure... But he made it clear: mine was all that mattered. And very quickly, I tipped over the edge.

Alerted to my orgasm, Ricky slowed his pace with a satisfied chuckle, slowly pushing back on me a final time before withdrawing me from him. As my vision cleared and the hot pulse in my stomach quelled, I saw him leaning back on his heels with his head over his shoulder, his hand suddenly at his backside. 

"I'd forgotten what that felt like," Ricky said mildly. "You're very warm. I like that." He made a noise and examined his hand with passive interest. I saw, with slight abashment, the threads of my spill clinging to the distance between his fingers. "I don't suppose I could use your shower."

"Wh -- No, that's fine, go ahead," I said, tucking my face down as I shoved myself upright on the bed.

Ricky smiled, his eyes glittering again. "Will you join me?"

I probably needed it after that... Though I doubted being inside Ricky made me as dirty as with anyone else. I nodded, rolling out of bed. "If you can find room," I added with a bitter laugh.

~

Although Ricky might have found it a joke, the size of my shower wasn't much of a punchline. Unlike Ricky's magnificent bathroom, mine was small, and there was no tub, and you probably couldn't fuck in the shower at all, let alone comfortably. It was a glass stall, shoved tightly beside the bathroom sink. The whole room was a game of four-square. Standing room, toilet, sink, shower. I'd never had anyone with me in the bathroom before, and we were already pretty cramped. Muttering apologies that Ricky ignored, I wedged the wavy glass door of the stall open and climbed inside, turning the water on before Ricky got in so I could take the brunt of the cold water. Ricky laughed at my gasp of surprise as I was doused with icy water... For the second time between us. 

"Move it," he said, and he stepped in behind me, shutting the glass door with a clatter. There wasn't much room to stand -- there wasn't even room for a shower caddy, so all of my toiletries stood on the floor: shower gel, shampoo, heavy-duty conditioner.  

Ricky was examining the conditioner while I scrubbed my hair with shampoo. "So you do splurge on luxuries from time to time," he mused, checking the back of the label with interest. "Odd that this would be the one thing you'd indulge in."

"I have to," I snapped, seizing the bottle from him and squirting a liberal amount into my hand, which I furiously worked through my hair. "The bleach wrecks it. If I don't use this stuff, it just starts sticking up everywhere and falling out."

Ricky lent a hand to my ministrations, pressing his fingers against my scalp. "Which reminds me," he chuckled lightly, "Your roots are coming in." He paused and checked me more closely, eyebrows raised. "You're a brunette?"

"Yeah -- is it that weird?"

"I have a hard time imagining it." He raised a hand delicately to my face and stroked it one finger at a time, as if easing notes from a piano's keys. "White suits your skin."

There was silence, as much as there could be with the spitting rain from the shower running over us and the tiles... And then Ricky was on me again. My gasping mouth was bound in kiss and tongue, my hands forced up over me with Ricky's holding them to the wall. My fingers struggled between his and scratched weakly over his knuckles. And yet... If he hadn't been holding me up, I would have sunk to the floor under him in a puddle and disappeared down the drain with the water that curtained us... 

"You taste incredible, Shay," he breathed against my lips, his breath mixing with mine as I panted laboriously into his words. "Your blood... Your skin... I want to devour you."

"Please," I gasped.

He laughed throatily and nipped teasingly at my jawline. "But you're no use to me dead," he lamented. "Perhaps, just for a moment... Before the heat drains from your body..."

My eyes widened in sudden, inexplicably aroused fear, and Ricky laughed louder before reaching and turning off the water. I was still held to the wall, my newly hardened sex pushed against Ricky's lower belly. "Save it for later, Shay," he said lightly, and he pecked me on the lips before releasing me to step out of the steamy stall.

Still trying to remember how to breathe properly, I followed him out, reaching for my towel to discover he'd taken the one that was hanging on the wall. "Are you leaving?" I asked in a daze.

"Yes," he replied. He examined his blurry reflection in the medicine cabinet's mirror and began to rub his hair dry. "I have things to prepare for tonight. So do you."

"Tonight?"

"Your tattoo," he smiled with a glance to me. "Don't you want me to keep working on it? I think the linework has healed enough."

My heart leapt up into my larynx, interrupting my breathing. I swallowed it back down and grinned. "Yeah -- of course I want it done!"

"Good. Then you'll come over to my apartment this evening so I can continue my work."

I lingered in the shower stall, drip-drying while Ricky monopolized the only towel. "What do you need to get ready, though?" I asked.

"My inks, mainly," he said coolly. "I have specific shades of pigment I need mixed. Diluted grays, and a new batch of black. I only work with fresh material."

"You make your own ink?"

"Plenty of artists do," Ricky replied nonchalantly. 

I was curious about it, wondering what went into the making of tattoo ink, but I was really more concerned at the moment with getting dry. Once Ricky was finished with the towel, he handed it to me. I threw it over my head and rubbed furiously.

"Anyway, enjoy your day off and relax," he told me, letting himself out of the bathroom so that the cold air from the apartment rushed in to freeze me. "I'll be busy preparing my station most of the day. You can come over at, let's say eight o'clock this evening."

I nodded mutely and wrapped my towel around my waist, following him back to my bedroom so he could regather his clothes. I searched for something clean to wear in my drawers while he dressed. 

"Oh, and... Shay," added Ricky as he reappeared from the collar of his shirt.

I was shimmying into fresh underwear. "Yeah?"

I met his eyes and watched them darken, a smile spreading across his face. "This will be a long session tonight. I think I may have time to tell you my story."

If I weren't already excited enough for the continuation of my tattoo, now I could barely contain myself. The history of Ricky that I'd been dying to hear, the story that had made the man I revered. Of course I wanted to hear it. "Yeah -- that sounds amazing!" I said truthfully.

Ricky chuckled to himself and finished doing up the button fly on his jeans before moving to his boots. "It's a date, then," he agreed. "I'll let you have your lunch, and I'll see you tonight."

"Tonight. Okay."

I found myself following Ricky to the door half-dressed, tailing after him as he shrugged his jacket on. He looked over his shoulder, saw me shadowing him and, with a grin, turned to kiss me. I mumbled against his lips, feeling my knees weaken as I sank into him. He laughed softly and stroked my jaw.
