 "I was born the son of a thrall, and thus was born a thrall myself."

"Sorry – what's a thrall?" I asked, and immediately regretted it. Ricky seized the hair at the nape of my neck and yanked hard. I yelled.

"I told you not to interrupt me," he said calmly. 

"Sorry!" I whined, half-laughing.

Ricky released me and I rubbed the back of my head soothingly before he brought his gun back to my skin. The burn of the needle incited my pleasure and, with a sigh, I lapsed into silence for him again. 

"A thrall," he continued, "is what you would call a slave. I was something of an indentured servant, marked with iron collar and short-cut hair but permitted to purchase my freedom.

"Except that I was never given the opportunity to purchase my freedom. You see, I strongly believed that I was born to be something far greater than a thrall, and that I owed nothing to the men I served. So I was belligerent. I fought regularly. I spat at the feet of my masters. Punishment seemed to do nothing to quell my temper, for I flung insults and curses at even the men who flogged me. I was bought and sold by seven families before the last one gave up trying to tame me.

"And it was with that family that my story began. By the time the head of the household I served was through with my fighting, I was covered from head to toe in welts and scars, even marking my face, and still I would not listen to anyone. When the Viking longships came in for their trading that summer, he dragged me to them and sold me for whatever he could get, and just to add further insult to the entire thing, he asked for a mere three silvers for me. It was half of half the price of my freedom, a quarter my buying price.

"On the docks where I was being lined up with all the other thralls, my master told me that if I regretted my actions, he would take me back home and give me another chance. He knew that I couldn't know who I was being sold to, or for what purpose. But I regretted nothing, and so I spat between his eyes. I remember his face, contorted with rage, as he told the Viking slavers that I would only ever be good for pig feed.

"I was chained to the others and led onto the longship, all of us crammed together between the shipsmen, and I was quietly penitent as we sailed. It was one of the first times that I was able to think clearly, with the waves lapping at the hull and the birds so oblivious to our plight overhead. There were noises in the ship that bothered me – the weeping of a maiden, the sailors barking to each other around us as they fussed with oar and sail – and I blocked all of them out. 

"I had lived this life for twenty-one years. For twenty-one years I was property, and I was being shunted across the sea like property, and I would be sold like property. And as strongly as I believed I was not property, I could not escape the chains on my neck, with other thralls for ballast. I could pray and beg for the strength to escape them, but even if it would help me... I did not want to owe my life to anyone, whether god or man. 

"And this I pondered as the sky above us stained black and the pinpricks of stars broke through the clouds."

I listened quietly, digging my nails into the cushions under me to bite back my moans of pleasure and concentrate on Ricky's story through the agony of his needle... Not an easy task. "How did you escape?" I asked, not knowing if it was an appropriate time to interrupt.

"I didn't," said Ricky grimly. "We were attacked.

"The other thralls had already fallen asleep around me. The woman to my left used my knotted shoulder as her pillow, and since I had nowhere else to move, I didn't exactly mind. I was the only one who remained awake besides the men who steered us across the sea. I didn't know where we were going – Only that it seemed to be in a western direction. But I began to lull at some point, and before I could catch sleep, one of the men began to scream out to the others.

"'Draugar!' he cried. Over and over again, 'Draugar!'

"The Draugar were legendary, in more ways than one. In my service I had heard tales of them but never met them, for they rarely came to shore at our settlements. They were a band of Icelandic Vikings whose longship was blackened with pitch, whose sails were dyed with indigo and whose figurehead was carved into Sleipnir's shape. Yes," said Ricky, when I made a noise under my breath, "the same thing I'm printing into your skin. But these descriptors were all anyone truly knew about the Draugar, for none who got closer than that survived them. 

"The tales, however, went wilder. It was said that the Draugar were monsters who fed on the blood of innocent maidens and left their drained bodies at sea until they washed ashore. It was said that they had a kingdom on a far island, a castle that was made of the hulls of conquered longships. It was said that they were impossibly beautiful and they could easily seduce man and woman alike, but that their stone-bright skin could not bear the sun. Sailing at night was almost an invitation for the Draugar to attack, for it was not a story but truth that they made a living off of stolen cargo. 

"And I, being the cargo, felt fear for the first time in my life.

"The others were woken and thrown into a frenzy by the hurried activity of our crew, putting oar to starboard in order to drive us out of the path of the oncoming Draugr ship. Through the oarholes I saw the oncoming ship with its dark blue sails rippling against the black sky, and the figurehead of Sleipnir charging across the water with its forelimbs tearing at the cold air – it seemed to be coming for me alone. I remember it drawing closer and closer, until I was sure I could see the flash of its eyes, and the crew around us was screaming in vain as they realized we could not escape it...

"And then the Draugr ship rammed us sideways, and Sleipnir broke through our hull.

"The longship, which had seemed such a fortress to me when I boarded it, began to break apart at the seams. Its beams and ribs groaned as they popped asunder, and the air was full of the cacophony of screaming, of splitting wood, of the cries of the captain as he tried to keep his men together... He was the first to fall.

"The Draugar boarded us with sword drawn, the moon-bright steel lighting the scene in splinters, and I saw the shards of light disappearing inside the bodies of captain and crew. The others I was chained to seemed to forget they in turn were chained to me – I was choked as they dragged me in whichever way they thought they could escape, though we were far to sea and the only way out was into the icy water. The hull of our longship continued to buckle beneath its rapist and further rent the air with its screaming. I at some point realized that the cargo was not being taken prisoner... The Draugar did not want slaves for prize. They were slaughtering us. The woman to my right was beheaded. The boy to my left had his belly slashed open. And then it was my turn."

Ricky paused and the hum of the tattoo gun silenced. I wondered if he was having trouble conveying this story – I was definitely horrified by it all – but when I glanced at him, I saw he was just changing the needle. He laid the old one aside and replaced it, now loading it up with his diluted gray ink. "You died there?" I asked hoarsely.

"No," said Ricky. "Though I was certainly sure I had. I remember my chest being penetrated with the worst pain imaginable, deeper than any whip could have done, but so blunt that I could not be sure it was a blade that had done it. I still breathed, but it was difficult; still my heart beat, but it was being crushed. When I realized that I was still living, that the screaming and crying around me had quieted but not stopped, I opened my eyes to see what had become of me.

"My attacker had left his axe behind. The short, stout blade had been thrown hard into my breastbone and split it, but it was stuck inside me now, wedged firmly between my lungs and threatening my heart with its edge. I wanted to scream when I saw it – something that proved impossible. Hardly any air could escape from me at all, and hardly any could be drawn back inside. I seized the axe's handle and tugged in vain, but my bones would not release its blade. Around me the crew were feeding like vultures on both living and dead. As I laid there on the sinking, tilting floor of the longship's back end with the corpses of thralls threatening to drag me by my collar into the sea, and the cries and death rattles finally began to wane around me, someone realized I was still alive, and came to find me.

"My ragged, labored breathing must have been a horrid noise, or perhaps my heart thundering against my chest alerted my attackers. I was only aware that someone was approaching my dying form, with their calm, steady footsteps ignoring the sinking of the halves of ship that we both remained on. And then the moon caught him, and it wouldn't have mattered if I had been axed in the chest or not – I couldn't breathe.

"He was, as the legends said, beyond beautiful, though in the darkness this was all I saw of his face. Everything around him seemed to move in slow motion... The fluttering of his dark blond hair in the salted wind, the waves lapping at his weathered boots as he strode towards me with such graceful confidence, as if the boards under us were not listing into the water so fiercely. His blunt jawline was shaggy with braided beard, his broad body muscled beneath his leather and silver armor, and his dark eyes focused on me as if I were treasure. He could only be the lord of the Draugar. 

"I was sure he was there to correct the mistakes of his crew, to make sure that I was dead, but the longsword at his hip remained sheathed. It was dead silent behind the hooting and celebratory crows of his crewmen, to which he paid no mind. I found myself trying to get away from him, but where could I go? I was still tethered to the bodies of my fellows, though the woman to my left had slipped free of her collar with no head to hold her there. These the man stepped over, and he knelt over me and held my chin up so that he could speak to me.

"'You preserved yourself for me,' he whispered to me. 'I will be sure to thank you for your gift, child.'

"I could not make sense of what he had said, but I had no time to think about it, for he seized the axe embedded in my breast and broke it free of my bone as if it were but paper. The wound, unstoppered, gushed blood over me with my dying pulse, and quickly this same man lowered his face to my breast and drank me.

"I remember wanting to scream, and yet my heart and lungs wouldn't allow it. The lord of the Draugar held my body up to himself, bracing my spine with his arms, his shoulders rising and falling heavily as he drained me of my blood. The cold spread over me as if a venom was working its way through my limbs, and I continued to try and breathe, and my heart continued to try beating, but there was nothing left for it to pump through me... I was dying, I knew it well, knew that I was going to die a thrall the same way I was born... But at the very least, it could be at the hand of this beautiful, mythical creature that I fed.

"As the sky above me began to slip out of view, and I made peace with my sorry death, that same man held me close to him in his arms and cradled the back of my head, and he kissed me... My first and final kiss, I thought – until I realized my mouth was filling with blood. My blood. 

"He clamped his jaws over mine and forced my blood back into my mouth, and I choked and allowed it to gush out my nostrils before I realized I must drink it... Struggling with what little strength remained in me, I swallowed mouthful after mouthful of my own blood from him, coppery and steeled with his own. My strength began to return, though only in fragments. I found myself seizing him around the shoulders to hold him more tightly to me, and I felt our bodies solidify in each other, felt both of our hearts working to refill me with our now shared blood...

"And I stopped."

Ricky had said this final line with such casual fact, as if this were such a simple thing to say. This time, I didn't ask what he meant. He was changing his needle again, this time loading black. The gun hummed again, and he pressed the needle into a spot just under my shoulderblade, evicting a whine of pain from me. "What did it feel like?" I asked him hoarsely. "Dying."

Ricky chuckled lowly, shaking his head. "Who knows?" he said calmly. "Is it the same thing that humans go through? Somehow I doubt it. I dreamed, but I don't remember the dream itself. I only remember waking.

"For I did not wake up on the ship, nor in the water. I awoke in a soft glow, surrounded in warmth. The colors came back first, all gold and copper and silver. When my sight returned completely, I found myself naked, nestled in a vast bed of various furs, both on top and blanketed in pelts of every color. My head and shoulders were propped up on silk embroidered pillows, musty and yet so very comforting in their scent – for I found I could smell everything so very clearly even without pressing my nose to it. I could smell every animal that had given those pelts. I could identify what wood the walls and beams were made of around me. And I could hear, very faintly, the sounds of merrymaking beyond the door at the front of the room.

"I knew for sure that I was dead. I could not possibly have survived what fate the lord of the Draugar had given me. I could not feel my heart beating. I was cold, so frigid that I felt I'd been dipped in the sea, yet I did not want for warmth. I could not breathe, yet did not want for air. So where was I? Where had my death brought me? There were only two possibilities for a thrall's death: Hel, the land of the dead, or Niffleheim if I was unlucky. But I felt that this place was neither. I listened to the noise outside of my room, to the clinking of glass goblets and the roars of laughter out there. Surely I hadn't been brought to Valhalla; I did not belong there, had not died a warrior's death. But I clambered out of the fur bed and, clutching one of the gray wolf pelts around my naked body, went to go find out where I was.

"And it was there that I realized I was not dead after all, for beyond the door were the Draugar. They were crowded around a long wooden table, all of them handsome from captain to oarsman, all with armor and arms abandoned and dressed only in vividly dyed tunics and leather leggings. Between each of the men I saw women and girls I did not recognize, some whose shoulders were quaking with fear and others who looked upon the Draugar as if they were gods, all while the men beat the table with their glass goblets and spilled the ale this way and that way. Though they themselves never drank a drop, I saw that they were encouraging and sometimes forcing the girls to drink from their cups instead. 

"It was a short time before one of the Draugar noticed that I was there, and he crowed with mirth at the sight of me. 'He's awake!' he kept hollering. 'Lord Áslaug, he's awake!'

"I did not know who Lord Áslaug was, but I could guess, and I appeared to be right... At his call, the man seated in the wooden throne at the head of the table got to his feet, and every man looked to him with excitement and reverence... Reverence that I could not but share with them. It was the man who had killed me, the only man at the table who had not shed his silver armor. The once noisy hall was quieted now save for the hushed sobbing of a single woman. 

"And that man raised a hand and beckoned me forward.

"I could only hesitate for a moment. Where else would I go? I was still trying to make sense of what was happening to me. Silently, slowly, I approached him, feeling the hot gaze of the others on me and increasingly aware of my own nakedness under my borrowed wolfskin.

"As soon as I was close enough, the man called Lord Áslaug pulled me close and took his seat again with me in his lap, and most of the party resumed. Apparently this was quite normal to them. I took him in with his features lit now: his high-carved cheekbones, his gleaming green eyes, his blunt, strong browline and the crooked bridge of his nose that seemed to be purposeful, all framed by his blond hair braided with glass beads... Despite feeling that this contact would drive my heart mad, it remained silent and unmoving, even as this godlike man solemnly caressed my face and neck with his cold hands, hands that now matched my body temperature.

"He asked my name, and reluctantly I gave it. 'Yorick,' he repeated, in a voice so deep and warm that it could be a bear's growl. He continued to touch my face and chest, smirking at me. 'So there was some beauty under those scars. To think that this is a thrall's face. I pity he who was unable to purchase you.' And he laughed so loudly that those nearest to him could only join in.

"I didn't know what he was talking about. But for the first time, I examined my own body and saw that he was right... My scars were all gone. Scars I'd had since I could use my foul tongue, scars that had remained even after my back was rent to tatters... Every inch of my skin was smooth as fine silk and all of an even color, for the first time in my life since I'd been born. Even the raw skin of my neck where my iron collar had once been was soft and perfect. This part of me he leaned and kissed, tasting me with lips and tongue.

"And so I finally asked him if I was dead. 'You killed me,' I told him. 'You drank my blood. I must be dead. So why am I here with you now?'

"'Yes, you died,' he replied. 'And you are reborn by my blood. I returned your life to you tenfold. Where is my gratitude?'

"He laughed again. But I still didn't know what he meant. So I asked him, and he told me what had happened... What I had become. The Draugar truly were creatures of legend, blood-drinkers. They were, of course, what western society would come to know as vampires.

"I became aware, during Áslaug's explanation of my new nature, of the other Draugar demonstrating. Apparently they had grown tired of waiting for Áslaug to bid them to supper. On either side of the table, both willing and unwilling girls were being taken. Each Draugr seized or shared one and, whether they were oblivious to their screaming or spurned on by it, each bit into their chosen maiden by neck or breast or arm. Áslaug bellowed at a crewman to our left, and I thought he was angry for their actions... But instead, he ordered them to bring him the girl they were about to attack. 

"She was a struggling, frightened thing, though I cannot remember what she looked like. I remember fearing for her, being terrified of what Áslaug would do to her... But he didn't take her for himself. Instead he shifted me to his side and pulled her close by her hair, only laughing as she begged for her life. 'See her, Yorick,' he said. 'Taste her scent. Can you feel how her pulse goes wild looking at you? Does it not stir something in you?'

"That it did, though I could not name the feeling she gave me... My tongue felt dry, and in my belly I felt a gnawing, as if the mouth of my stomach had grown jaws lined with teeth that nibbled impatiently at my throat. It was a moment before I realized I was hungry, but it was not a hunger I recognized. The maiden's aroma, filling the air each time she struggled against Áslaug's grip, was sweet and tempting as a ripened fruit out of reach. I wanted her more dearly than I had ever wanted anything, and yet it was not lust for the body that strained from her tattered garment, nor love for the pretty face contorted with fear and misery.

"She must have taken my hesitation to mean that I was not one of them, or perhaps it was another reason, but she seemed to think that she might be saved if she begged me for her life. I remember her now... 'Please, sir! Please don't let them eat me! Let them have mercy on me, save me, sir, please!' 
