 "I can't believe you've talked me into this."

I threw my duffel into the trunk of Ricky's musclecar, a trunk that just barely held mine and his bag. His drawstring knapsack was already tucked in there beside his roadside kit. I'd packed light, since we'd only be staying for one night... At my parents' place in Sussex county. 

The night after my tattoo session, Ricky had finally convinced me to stop deliberating and tell my mom that we were coming up north for Thanksgiving. She was delighted, of course – my mother never turned down a chance to entertain more guests. I was almost sure she'd be willing to accommodate even the living dead in her home, but that was a detail that was just going to have to be glossed over. Ricky, to them, was now simply my friend.

Ricky had been rather pleased with the news, and had spent the last few days planning our trip. Since he was going, I didn't have to take the Greyhound. I would get to ride to my childhood home in style. It was six in the morning, and we were anticipating a maximum three-hour ride with an allowance for traffic. 

"I must be out of my mind," I said for the fourth time that morning, mist billowing from my mouth angrily. I slammed the trunk closed and marched to the passenger door. "I don't know why I'm letting you do this. This is an absolutely horrible idea."

"Relax," Ricky said calmly, leaning on the roof of the car as I glared at him over it. "It's only a dinner. Your parents are not the Spanish Inquisition. You look wonderful, by the way."

My family was never too formal on days like this, but they did usually expect a certain amount of effort to be made on one's appearance for holidays. I was wearing a dress shirt of robin's-egg blue and my least worn gray jeans under my wool coat, and had even dug out my black dress shoes from a shoebox in the hall closet. Beneath his black leather jacket, Ricky was wearing his own gray button-up with the sleeves rolled rather professionally to his elbow and the tails tucked into his khakis. He was even wearing a dark blue tie. I wasn't used to seeing him so done-up. Although, I was beginning to imagine that a three-piece suit would look incredible on him. Too bad I probably wouldn't have the occasion to see it.

But I was still exasperated with him. I clambered into the too-low passenger seat and shut myself inside without speaking.

"Are you hungry?" offered Ricky as he followed me into the car. "I was thinking of stopping by a Wawa for coffee."

"No, I'm fine," I said after a pause, finally giving in to release my undirected anger. "You've got no idea how much food my mom's gonna jam into me. I'd be better off not eating for a week beforehand. As it is, you'll have to roll me home."

"I'll keep that in mind," Ricky chuckled. "I'm still getting coffee." The car roared and quieted to its familiar purr under the ignition. The radio jumped to life and recalled the CD Ricky had left in it. 

And we were off.

Half an hour later, the car smelled like coffee (I'd gotten one too, with the aroma at Wawa too much to bear) and Ricky was playing some Britrock band as we got onto the I-95 heading north. Ricky was unfolding the paper directions he'd printed out and rechecking them.

"I hate these things," he said, tucking them back in his breast pocket. "Half the time they're wrong. I suppose once we're close enough, I can just get you to get us out of wherever this thing takes us."

I nodded, staring out the window at the sunrise-stained city in the mirror. I was now deep in thought, and I checked my phone. 

No new calls. No new texts.

The only messages I'd gotten in the last few days had been from Ricky. Leah hadn't tried to bother me again, and neither had anyone else from the Society. I guessed she had taken the message back to Gilbert – that I was onto them.

What exactly I was onto, I didn't know.

"Hey... Ricky," I said suddenly, my gaze still fixed on the roadside. 

"Mm?"

"Why... I mean, why does the Society have it out for you, exactly?"

I couldn't be sure, but I thought for a split second that Ricky's loose knuckles had tightened on the steering wheel. The curtain of his hair was hiding his eyes from me, but the corner of his mouth twitched. He sighed and reached up to tuck his hair behind his ear so I could see his face. "I don't know why you have to keep bringing them up," he said wearily. "They are an unimportant subject. They're not worth my time to discuss."

"It's kind of important to me," I mumbled. "I wanna know why they're so determined to get through to me."

"Why? Did they contact you again?"

"No," I said, a little too quickly. "No, nothing like that... It's just..."

Ricky sighed again, his eyes closing for a second. At first, he only went silent, and I thought he was just refusing to answer me. "The Vampire Society was established first in America in eighteen-fifty-seven. It was organized because of a boom in the vampire population and the increasing frequency of sightings and incidents. Someone decided to make themselves leader of the vampire world – for some ill-conceived reason thinking they were right in doing so – and called forth order, requiring that every vampire on the face of the planet make themselves known and registered so that their doings could be recorded. 

"Killing humans was now illegal in the eyes of the newborn Society. That was just fine, and no one really argued with it, because it was already so hard to hide murders. But then they came up with more ridiculous laws. No use of influence or hypnosis. No drinking from a human unless they're fully conscious and aware. No leaving the state or province or country of your jurisdiction unless you have the paperwork allowing you passage. You couldn't cross state lines without some kind of document saying you were going to be there at such-and-such time, couldn't move unless you had your files moved to the new Society location. It was getting to be out of hand, and many others thought so. We considered the Society to be over-reaching and corrupt, and so we ignored it. When is the turn-off?"

I looked out the window and peered at passing signs. "Not for another five exits. I'll let you know. So... What did the Society think of that?"

"Obviously, they didn't like it," Ricky replied smoothly. "A large number of us wanted to start a revolt against the Society and have it disbanded... Myself, I thought that was stupid. They were going to start an organization to overthrow another organization. I just went about my business. When the revolutionaries were suppressed as expected and catalogued under the completed Society's rule, they tried to call me to order as well, and I continued to ignore them." He checked the rearview mirror and flicked on the turn signal, sliding neatly over before taking the turnoff we needed. "Of course, sometimes ignoring them got... physical."

I felt a little tremble in my lower spine at his words. I was afraid to ask what he meant by that, although I was pretty sure I knew. "Did you kill people?" I asked in a whisper. 

"That really depends on what you think constitutes a person."

The shiver rode further up my back. I stared at Ricky in silence, and after a beat, he met my eyes. His gaze softened, and I felt myself losing breath. 

So what if a few vampires had to be moved out of the way? Ricky was entirely right. He had only wanted the freedom to come and go as he wanted. If he was being honest, then even this trip to see my family would have come with some paperwork. What a load of shit.

"Your turn," said Ricky lightly. "You've told me nothing about your family, and here I am about to meet them."

I blinked. "Guess I didn't think about it. Well... What is there to know?"

"A lot," he chuckled. "Parents? Brothers, sisters?"

"Mom, Dad, and little sister," I told him. 

"Tell me about your mother."

I sighed and stared out the window again, at the walls around the highway crawling with ivy. "Mom's willful and kind of scatterbrained. Not in a bad way, though. She likes to reminisce, and she goes on what the rest of us call 'memory trips'. She's always been a housewife, but she's got her hobbies, y'know."

"Your father?"

"He works with computers. Usually the strong, silent type. Keeps to himself. But he's got an interesting sense of humor."

Ricky nodded thoughtfully. "And your little sister? How old is she?"

"Arden. She's seventeen," I replied. "She's in her senior year of high school, and she's just as willful as Mom. She's pretty much everything I couldn't accomplish in school," I added with a laugh. "Smart, attractive, so easy to get along with. I'm really proud of her."

Ricky gave me a glance. "Do you think she looks up to you?"

My lingering smile faded. "I... I guess? I dunno," I mumbled. 

Did Arden look up to me? It was a question I didn't usually think about. Mom said she did, a long time ago. But I had to wonder if Arden still felt that way about her big brother... Working in a warehouse, covered in body modifications... The emblems of my sick passion...

I began to nod against the window, with Ricky's music washing over me. I caught him glancing at me only once more.

"Go ahead and take a nap, Shay," he told me. "It'll be a few hours before we reach Sussex."

I was reluctant, but the offer was too good to pass up. I conked out as we passed signs for Trenton.

~

Ricky woke me up with a gentle shake of my shoulder with the sun out above us in full blast. "Shay, I need your directions for this part, I think," he said.

I blinked the sleep from my eyes and took a good few seconds before I could figure out where I was. I was still in the car. I squinted sleepily out the passenger window and found that we were on a street in unmistakable suburbia. On either side of us were short, sloping brown lawns in front of two-story houses with different-colored aluminum siding, so vastly different than the rowhomes and apartment buildings of Philly that they looked to me like cute gingerbread houses, complete with a light frosting of snow on the edges of the rooftops. The sidewalks were bordered with piles upon piles of browning leaves, all so soft and inviting that I felt like leaping into them, knowing that I wouldn't find razors or used needles at the bottom like you probably would in the city; all the trees that had shed those leaves were half-bare and tangled up in strings of unlit Christmas lights that had most likely come out before people had even scraped the smashed jack-o-lanterns off their porches from Halloween.

This was Franklin, all right. I was home.

I was still staring dumbly out the window when Ricky roused me back to earth. "Shay? I'm not sure where the turn is next," he said, amused.

"Uh -" I shook myself out of it and twisted back in my seat, checking the street names. "Oh. You'll take a left in three blocks and... Yeah, we're pretty much there."

Ricky checked the road signs along with me and nodded, smiling. "This neighborhood is... I think you'd call it quaint. I can imagine a very comfortable childhood for you here."

I couldn't help but laugh. "If you wanna call it that. It was pretty normal. Definitely no adventure here."

"Hmm," said Ricky in what sounded like agreement. "I've never been attracted to suburban life. Cities, as expected, have far more draw for a vampire's life." 

Coincidentally, I'd just noticed Ricky had pulled on his leather gloves. The morning sun was gleaming off his knuckles and the sleeves of his jacket. A weird chill ran up my spine. I was suddenly reminded that I was bringing an undead creature to my family's Thanksgiving dinner, where he'd be offered turkey when he'd much rather drain my neck.

My life was getting weird.

And then I saw it. "Hey – here!" I said abruptly. "That's it on the right, the one with the brick on the side. Pull into the driveway."

"Behind the SUV?"

"Yeah... That'll be fine."

I watched the house approach us as if it were running to meet me – hell, that's what it felt like. It hadn't changed much, a facsimile of all the other houses around it with its own little quirks. It was a square two-story, with off-white aluminum siding on one side and exposed brick on the other, a cute bay window where I knew the living room was, and a shedding dogwood tree on the sloped, sugar-powdered lawn. I had a sudden feeling that Ricky's car wouldn't make the steep driveway, but he managed to get it into a good position behind my mother's blue SUV and throw it in park. 

"All right, then," he said cheerfully. "Let's go."

Ricky threw his hood on and climbed out onto the pavement elegantly. I tried to do the same, but with the car's low seats and the severe angle of the driveway, I was lucky I didn't just roll out and down the hill. I staggered once I was out, my legs finding their room to stretch with reluctance. But once I was on the ground, I couldn't help but just stare at my house. 

"Reminiscing?" said Ricky, standing beside me and looking up at the house. He had grabbed our bags out of the trunk and had them both over his shoulder.

I shrugged. "A little, maybe. I haven't been back here in a long time. Last time I saw my family, they came down to Cape May and met me at my grandmom's place." I shifted from foot to foot and finally decided to head up to the house. "I still don't know why you wanted to come up here so bad."

"Would you really like to know?" said Ricky. 

I gave him a searching look as we both mounted the steps to the front door and I pressed the button beside it. "You mean there's a real reason?" I said dubiously.

"Of course," Ricky smiled. "I'd like to see what created the pain slut in you."

And before I could protest, he left a kiss on my cheek – right before the door swung open.

We were met by a loud squeal, and all of a sudden I found myself drowning in curly brown hair and floral prints. My mother had thrown her arms around me and dragged me back down to earth with her, a full foot below my normal height.

"Shay, sweetie!" she said, so loudly that I was sure the neighbors would hear. "Oh, let me look at you – Were you always so tall?"

Mom held me at arm's length and looked at me appreciatively, as if I had changed in some definite way in the last year. I knew she hadn't. Mom still kept her curled hair at chin length, her friendly face full-cheeked and fair-skinned with a peppering of tiny moles. She was chubby like I remembered her, but her frilled, floral-print apron fit her like she was meant for it. Today she was dressed in her Sunday best underneath it, a cornflower-blue dress that stopped below her knees. 

"It's good to see you, too, Mom," I said earnestly.

Her smile wrinkled up the corners of her eyes, and she turned her attention to Ricky. "And you're Shay's friend? It's so nice to finally meet you!"

She stood on tiptoes to hug him too. Mom Hug, trademark. Everyone got one.

Ricky, looking rather bemused, acquiesced to lean down for his hug and, safely in the shade of the house, pulled down his hood to greet her. "It's nice to meet you as well, Mrs. Ferguson."

"Please, just Donna," she replied, slipping down from his broad shoulders. 

I let them exchange introductions while we wandered inside the house. My dad, stoic and scruffy with gray flecking the Irish ginger in his hair, sat beflanneled on the couch in the living room. Somehow Mom had fought him into something other than his tired old jeans, and he was looking rather uncomfortable in brand new khakis. When we arrived in his company, he looked up and gave me a big smile and an upwards nod. 

"Hey, boy-o," he said. "You guys drop your stuff in the hall and go help your mom in the kitchen, and then you can come see the show."

"Sure, dad," I told him. The parade was on TV. I saw Ricky linger for a moment, watching the vast inflatables over Broadway with mild interest before he tailed after me.

"The turkey's already in the oven," Mom was saying as she bustled into the kitchen. "I still need to get the sweet potatoes started, and – Oh, Arden, how are the rolls coming?"

My little sister was sitting with her elbows on the counter island, looking way too old for my memory in her emerald dress. Her bright ginger hair was pulled back in an intricate-looking, braided bun. Wasn't her collar a little too low? Was the skirt too short? I suddenly had a very odd feeling in my gut, like my kid sister was gone. Holy shit, she'd grown up. She looked up from her phone and gave my mom a look. 

"I just put them in the oven," she said tartly, the hand holding her phone going limp. Just as quickly, she caught sight of me and slipped off her seat, prancing over in her little green ballet flats. "Shay!" She hugged me as well, just barely taller than my mom so that she, too, had to stand on tiptoe for me. 

"How're you doing, Ards?" I laughed, patting her on the back rather awkwardly, as I had to find a spot on it where her skin wasn't exposed. Damn, the back of that dress was cut low too. "Where'd you learn to dress like that?"

Arden retracted and glowered at me. "This? It's just my homecoming dress."

"You went to homecoming in that?"

"Yeah, and my junior prom dress was strapless. So?" Arden's eyes narrowed, and she reached up to poke at my face. "Did you get more piercings?" 

I laughed and swatted her hand away. "I guess? Which ones look new?"

She looked thoughtful, and then reached out again, poking my eyebrow, my lip, my ear. "This one, this one, this one... This -" She had just poked my chest. "Did you pierce your nipples?" she squealed. 

I flushed and batted her hand away again. Behind us, Ricky was laughing. I saw Arden give him an appraising look, as if deciding whether she liked him or not. But she didn't voice her opinion, which was a good thing – Arden was always vocal about who she disapproved of.

But, looking around the kitchen, I suddenly realized something was... missing. "Hey, where's your boyfriend? He's not coming over?" I asked Arden.

She crossed her arms, and from the way her cheek stuck out, I could tell she was chewing her tongue – Arden always did that when something ticked her off.

"Arden broke up with him," Mom said cheerfully, over a cutting board full of asparagus.

"What, seriously?" I said, astonished. "What'd he do?"

"Does it matter?" said Arden irritably. "Who's your friend?"

So we went through the introductions again. It was starting to feel like a very strange family movie. Mom scooted us out of the kitchen as soon as we were all caught up, and we ended up watching the parade with Dad while he asked questions about how I was doing in Philadelphia. Ricky sat half-immersed in our conversation, keeping an eye on the TV with something between fascination and befuddlement.

No matter how normal the scene was, I couldn't help thinking that he was far out of place. He wore his farce well.

~

"Have you started putting together your college list, Ards?"

"Not yet. We're not even in midterms, seriously."

Dinner was held at two in the afternoon, as it always was; that way you had room for pie before passing out on the floor at night. Mom had done up the table with her traditional plaid tablecloth in the color of autumn leaves and matching placemats – not that you could see them, because the table was laden with every one of my favorites. So was Ricky's plate, I noticed. Since the start of dinner, Mom had refused to hear any polite declines from him, and so Ricky had a sampling of everything and then some: green bean casserole, turkey breast with the skin on, roasted asparagus, herb sweet potatoes, stuffing, even a slice of the gelatinous cranberry sauce that no one but my dad ever touched... all with a rosemary roll balanced on top.

And god damn if he wasn't eating it all like a champ. 

I myself was enjoying my dinner. I was on my second helping of the sweet potatoes and my third of asparagus. Dad was hot on my tail on both.
