 AN: Thanks once again for the patience for this chapter. It's a short one, but we're moving into the next act of the Hematoma story and the next few chapters are going to be a bit of a ride. As always, please enjoy.

*****

I drank Ricky's opened wound as if he were an oasis. Only minutes ago I was so sure I was going to die, and my trembling hands were now clutching his wrist as though I would fall down a hole if I let go of him. His blood, rejuvenated and rid of its rusty flavor, brought me back from my cold pallor, brought life back to my freezing limbs. Finally, he shook me free of the pinprick in his palm. 

"You're fine," Ricky said, almost soothingly. "Relax, Shay. The bleeding's already stopped up." His deliberate fingers ran down the line of my body's center and traced over the hollow of my thigh where his teeth had gored me open. The skin was already soft and smooth. I wouldn't have been able to tell where he'd bled me if it weren't for the lingering, smarting pain inside my mending artery.

"Ricky," I whispered hoarsely, but I couldn't quite place what I was intending to say. Ricky's lidded eyes were so reassuring, so silvery bright and beautiful... What did I want to tell him? 'Too much'? But, I thought with a warm shudder... I came. The moment Ricky was finished draining the blood from my thigh, the moment his fingers around me had milked the pleasure inside me to its peak... And my dress shirt, lying on the floor and sticky with reluctant climax, was proof of what he could do to me.

I faltered under his gaze. What did I have to complain about?

Only... I had really tried to use my new safe word.

Ricky reached out and lightly ran his fingers across my cheek before clearing his throat and getting up from the bed, still wearing his jeans and shoes. "Put something on. I'm sure your mother's wondering what we're up to." He flashed a knowing grin at me and opened his knapsack to get out a t-shirt he'd packed, and slipped it on expertly while I sat there in a stupor. "I don't know about you, but I could really go for a coffee."

And before I could argue, he escaped the bedroom and left me naked on the sheets.

His absence left a rather cold emptiness behind him. I could hear the faint exchange of voices off in the kitchen, quiet laughter. I found my fingers searching my own arms, wrapping tentatively around myself. 

What was I feeling?

Fear?

It was as if a hole had been opened in the pit of my stomach, a sucking wound with nothing inside but cold vertigo. I had no name for this feeling. It was like seeing a brand new color – a color that made me sick to look at. But why was I feeling that way? What had triggered it? 

No longer wanting to sit in the darkness, naked with nothing but this new feeling for company, I fished in my duffel for a change of clothes so that I could go join my family.

~

"I'm sorry you guys couldn't stay any longer!"

Mom had come down to the driveway the next morning to see Ricky and I off. In addition to our bags, we were now burdened with at least half of the dinner leftovers and one entire combined pie, with a few slices from each dessert that had been laid out the previous night. I had promised Mom that I would make good on the tupperware, but she insisted that I keep it, saying that you can never have enough. 

"Shay will be back up for Arden's graduation in June," said Ricky over the roof of the car, giving my mother an apologetic grin before turning a look on me from under his black hood. "Right, Shay?"

I opened my mouth and closed it just as quickly as I caught Ricky's eye, and then turned back to my mom. "Yeah," I agreed with half a smile. "That's no problem. I wouldn't miss it for the world."

Mom smiled in that misty-eyed way of hers and stepped forward to envelop me in her down-jacket hug. "Ooh. Stop getting so big! Now, you boys have a safe trip home, all right?"

"I will, Mom," I promised, and Ricky revved the engine as we broke apart. 

"Move it or lose it," he warned across the passenger seat, and with a parting peck on the cheek from my mom, I climbed in after him.

It was a good few minutes and at least a mile from home before one of us spoke.

"Your family is very nice," Ricky said pleasantly. "Very normal."

"Yeah," I laughed. "I guess you could say that. Definitely no skeletons in the closet where they're concerned."

"Except for you," he corrected.

I opened my mouth to respond, then looked at him in confusion. "Me?"

Ricky nodded slowly, his smile fading. "It's really unfortunate," he muttered bitterly. "The way they look at you, Shay..."

"What... What way? What are you talking about?"

Ricky turned to look at me for a moment, something like surprise flickering across his silver eyes. "I really thought you noticed," he said quietly. "Perhaps I shouldn't have said anything."

The cold hole in my stomach was returning. "Ricky, you can't say something like that and then expect me to just forget about it."

Ricky exhaled through his nose and, turning his gaze up at the overcast sky, pulled down his hood so he could shake his hair out over his shoulders. I felt the bottom of my stomach drop a bit as he did so... That inky waterfall was beautiful no matter how many times I saw it. 

"Your family tries very hard to put out the illusion that nothing is wrong," he told me slowly. "Everything is fine. It's all perfect. But every so often, I see the way they look at you, the tone they try to hide in the undercurrent of their words. How can I put this..." He bit down on the middle finger of his glove and pulled it off, pausing to repeat the process with the other hand. "They're ashamed of you."

I felt the breath stop halfway down my throat. "What?"

Ricky cocked his head, and I heard a light crack in his neck. "It's difficult to explain properly," he told me, "and I despise having to tell it to you. But it's as if they've built this perfect little world around themselves, and you simply don't belong in it. Your mother, bless her, is trying so hard to ignore all of the things that have distanced you from them... But when you're looking the other way, Shay, her eyes are just so full of guilt and resentment, as if she's wondering what she's done to make you this way."

I couldn't tear my eyes from the streaming roadway ahead of us. I followed the flickering white ribbon of the divide beside us for a few moments in silence, trying to process it all in my head. It was as if there were a broken wire in my brain. The impulses weren't reaching me. 

"Mom's... ashamed of me?"

Ricky said nothing, only focused on the road ahead just like me. Before us, a white curtain of rain raced to meet our path, and it fell over the car with a torrential, hushed battering. I watched the wipers beating their rhythm across the glass as they cut swaths through the pulsing sheet of water.

"Shay..." Ricky's right hand slipped free of the gear shift and found my left, cradling it in his fingers. I hadn't even realized my hand was trembling until I felt him steady it in his grip. "You have nothing to be ashamed of. Not with me."

"Not with you?"

I looked up just as Ricky deigned to take his eyes off the road and onto mine, and for that fleeting, impossibly short second, I felt something like a long, taut cord pulling at my insides and out through my mouth... As if I were connected to him... To those shimmering, bright silver eyes...

And I felt my own eyes burn.

The unfamiliar tightening of my throat took me aback, and immediately I tore my hand from Ricky's to stop up the oncoming tears. I squeezed my eyes tight and pressed my fingers into their corners. Anything, anything to stop this... But I couldn't halt it, couldn't stave it off, and suddenly I was crying. I let my face fall into my hands, and against every point of my skin I felt the steel and titanium in my lip, around my brow, across the bridge of my nose...

I had lost my family to these things.

In the midst of my near-silent sobs, I felt Ricky's hand grace across my lap and settle on my knee, gripping in such a warm and comforting way. 

Ricky was all I had.

The only one who still loved me.

~

By the time we returned to Philadelphia, I found that the front of rain that had overtaken us up north was only a light misting down here. To my surprise, Ricky brought us to my apartment. When the car was parked and settled into a muted silence, Ricky clambered out without a word to me and popped the trunk so he could gather our things. The noiseless void he left behind was ringing in my ears. Finally, I followed his suit.

Ricky had his and my bags over one shoulder and was gathering up the twin canvas shopping bags my mother had sent home with us. 

"I'll get those," I said sullenly, and Ricky backed up so I could get into the trunk. I suddenly had half a mind to throw them away, and everything in them... I imagined swinging the first bag I grabbed down onto the pavement and watching my mother's carefully-packed leftovers splatter the street. I felt the adrenaline spike up into my chest at the thought, and my hand tightened on the straps...

But, I thought, feeling my fingers loosen... Why waste food? It wouldn't make me feel better.

I hefted the bags up so that Ricky could shut the trunk. "Thanks," I mumbled to him. "You can just drop my duffel off inside so you can go home."

"Home?" Ricky repeated as we climbed the front steps. "I was under the impression I was staying with you today. At least, that was my plan." He quirked an eyebrow at me expectantly. "Was that not what you wanted?"

I didn't really know what to say. Here I was ready to go soak in misery and self-hatred for the rest of the night under a nest of blankets like the sick, sad person I was. Adding Ricky to the equation... Well, I felt a little better. I unlocked the door and escaped from the misting rain with Ricky on my heels.

As soon as my shoes were kicked off and the grocery bags were on the kitchen table, I found Ricky guiding my face to his in his hands. His cold mouth on mine... It tasted incredible. His tongue was steel and silk, his fingers like bars of iron caging my burning cheeks... We broke apart before I could even moan into him, and he thumbed at the corner of my eye. 

"Go clean yourself up," he ordered quietly. "You look a mess. Crying doesn't suit you."

I closed my gaping mouth and nodded, flushing before shrugging off my jacket. 

In the bathroom, I doused my face in water, cupping hand after hand against my eyes and cheeks until the furious heat dissipated. Gulping in air, I looked up to examine my own reflection in the mirror. Behind the spots of water stains on the glass, my eyes were red-rimmed and faintly bloodshot. I hadn't cried like that in ages.

Ricky appeared behind me and ran a hand through my hair, examining my brunette roots. "You really do need to fix this up," he advised lightly. 

I sighed and shook him off, pulling at my hair to check it myself. "Yeah. I dunno. I guess I'll do that today."

"You go to a salon?"

"What? No," I told him, and I knelt down to dig in the cabinet under the sink. Cleaning supplies, extra toiletries – there it was. I pulled out a gallon Zip-loc bag full of various containers.

"What is that?" Ricky asked, something like genuine curiosity in his voice.

I had to stifle a smile. "My bleaching stuff? This is what I use to get it like this. Welcome to the world of alternative hair-care."

In a good fifteen minutes, I was sitting cross-legged with Ricky on the bed, which had been covered in an old sheet I never used. I had changed into my throwaway shirt, old and gray and covered in weird yellow bleach spots around the shoulders, and discarded my pants. Ricky watched with interest as I sat furiously mixing bleach powder and developing cream in a tupperware container. 

"I don't know why you want to watch this," I said. "It's terribly boring."

"I disagree," said Ricky mildly. "I find it fascinating. And I'd like to help."

I shrugged. "I mean... If that's what you want. Can you hand me that little red bottle?"

Ricky plucked the bottle in question out of the Zip-loc bag and, after examining it, handed it to me. "I had no idea you put so much work into this. Why?"

I hesitated, then shrugged again, squirting a small amount of the red-gold corrector Ricky had handed me into the tupperware container. "I just like how it looks."

Ricky just sat there with his chin on his palm while I finished mixing. "You torture your hair as much as your body."

I felt my cheeks flushing at his words. "Guess you could put it that way." I examined the flat application brush I'd pulled from my bag and dipped it into the thick white paste.

All of a sudden I found Ricky's hand on mine. "Will you let me try?" he said.

I looked at him, stunned. "Why?"

Ricky's mouth twisted up into a wide grin, and he very delicately lifted the application brush from my hand. "I like being the only one to torture you."

Something in my gut stirred at his words, and I nodded wordlessly in assent. Ricky sat behind me as I pulled an old dish towel around my shoulders, his legs on either side of mine and my lower back resting against his cold, hard stomach. I handed my flimsy plastic gloves to him so that he could get to work.

"D'you know what you're doing?" I asked reproachfully.

"Believe it or not, yes."

"Don't tell me you were a hairdresser in the past."

Ricky swatted me, and I laughed. But then he pulled me back by the hair at my nape, and I felt the cold, wet paste being brushed into the roots at the crown of my head. 

It felt weird, as it always did. The bristles of the brush were stiff and nearly comblike so that they worked bleach into every fiber of my hair, lifting it from my scalp so that there wouldn't be any spots for the dark brunette color to hide. The paste itself began as cold, but as it warmed to my body and soaked into the scalp, it began to tingle as if it were alive, and then to silently burn. I dug my fingers into the sheet under me. This was such a different kind of pain, soft and slow and teasing, never truly hurting but tempting agony. And as the color began to slowly leech from my locks, it took with it the shame of who I was.

~

Ricky leaned on the bathroom sink while I stood in the shower, getting all the bleach out of my hair once the roots were done. He was silent, leaving me to my submergence in my thoughts... And my thoughts were an unpleasant place at the moment.

"Why'd you want to stay here?" I asked him. "You could have just left me and gone back to your place."

Through the rippled glass, Ricky's staticked shadow was still. "Back to my place," he repeated slowly. "Yes... About that. I wanted to see if you'd given any thought to my proposal."

"What proposal? Wait – Hey, can you hand me that purple bottle by the sink? I think that's where I left it." I stuck my hand over the top of the shower stall, and the bottle of toner shampoo appeared in my hand. "Thanks."

"I asked you some time ago about your living situation," said Ricky. "I offered for you to live with me."

I stood quietly working shampoo into my scalp, only focused on the feeling of lather between my fingers and not quite able to process what Ricky had said. I remembered the conversation, sure, but it just seemed so glancing. When I didn't respond, Ricky said, "Well?"

"I... I mean, is that okay?" I said. "Ricky, I don't know if it's a good idea to just pick up and leave, to live with you."

"And why not? I would argue that I know you more intimately than anyone in your life. Do you disagree?"

"N-no..."

"It's not only that. It's a matter of convenience for both of us."

"Convenience?" I turned the water off and began to shake it out of my hair.

"Yes," replied Ricky. "Having you on hand to feed me would be wonderfully convenient. And of course, I would repay you with food, shelter, clothing, whatever your little heart desires. And I wouldn't have to text you to bring you over for a fuck."

I popped the door open and reached for a towel, finally able to meet Ricky's eyes for this conversation. He was looking at me rather expectantly. "So... What, you want me to be a live-in blood slave? Or sacrifice, or whatever?"

Ricky seemed to ponder this. "Sacrifice. You know, I'm growing more fond of that word. Yes. That's what I'm suggesting. Leave your job, leave this rathole you call home, and live with me, Shay. Unless you can think of a single good reason to refuse me."

Betoweled and quietly dripping on the bathroom rug, I seriously considered Ricky's offer for the first time. There were... pros and cons to it all. It was absolutely true that Ricky had only been in my life for a mere two months, but god, it felt like ages. I felt like he did know me better than anyone, like he knew all the inner workings of every fiber of my body and all the pulses of my brain. And yeah, time spent apart from him just felt like a waste. I felt more every day that I was just occupying myself until I could see Ricky again. He was quickly becoming my entire identity. And what was the harm in letting him pay for my living costs in return for all of that... For my blood?

Taking my abashed smirk for an answer, Ricky smiled and bound my wet body in his arms, kissing me with a ferocity that burrowed down to the pit of my belly. 

I wanted this – needed it – for as long as he was willing to give.