 "What will you be doing with the furniture?"

"Dunno. Probably just put an ad up online for whoever wants it."

"No attachment to that kitchen table?"

"Not particularly. I trash-picked it ages ago."

I was at Ricky's place – my new home – going over our final plans for my old apartment. At the cost of my security deposit, I'd cut my lease for the end of the month and was getting ready to finally make the move. It had been two weeks already since Ricky had convinced me to abandon my home and job. I'd put in my resignation notice at work, and now all that was left to do was transport whatever belongings I actually wanted to keep over to Ricky's apartment.

Turned out there wasn't much I needed to keep. I had no need for bedding, pillows, any of my dishes... Ricky had even restocked the kitchen and was making a list of the groceries he'd need to pick up for me. The kitchen that I had once described as empty was now anything but. Brand-new copper-bottomed pots and pans gleamed in a drying rack on the counter beside a newly filled spice shelf, and all of the cabinets were stocked with sparkling glasses and dishware. It really looked like someone lived there now. 

I leaned over Ricky's shoulder as he sat at the kitchen table, and checked the list he was making. "Do you need me to go with you to the store for this stuff?" I asked him. "Like... Do you know what you're looking for?"

"Please," said Ricky impatiently. "I don't need an escort to buy bread and cheese. Just because I don't eat food doesn't mean I don't know what sort to pick up."

I laughed and ran a hand through my hair. "I... Well, yeah, I guess. Sorry."

Ricky placed his pen down and tore the shopping list from the pocket pad he'd been writing on. "So," he said, folding the list in quarters, "I'll go take care of this, and you head back over to box up the last of your things. Is that acceptable?"

"Yeah. You want I should walk over?"

"If it's troublesome, I can drop you off."

"Nah," I said. "I could use some fresh air. See you in a bit."

Halfway to the door, Ricky stopped me and turned me back to him, pressing his mouth deep against mine so that I could feel the threat of his canine teeth on my tongue. His every kiss left a shudder in my spine so fierce that I nearly collapsed in his arms... No matter how many times we repeated this ritual, I could never get used to the electricity of his contact. He smirked as we separated, amused by my panting for air. 

"Hurry with those boxes," he told me. "I'll pick you up on the way back."

Nodding a breathless affirmative, I grabbed my coat off the hook and shrugged it on just as I got outside, and just barely had time to do up the buttons before the winter hit me. Now deep into December, the city was a paling gray under an afternoon flurry. Little frozen white fluffs were already sticking to my coat by the time I got down onto the sidewalk. 

It was the first time in two weeks that I had been outside away from Ricky. The air's chill offered respite that I didn't know I had needed, away from the fog in my brain between spikes of adrenaline. In a steady incline, Ricky had been getting physically rougher with me during sex, and if it wasn't for the bloodshare, I was positive my body would be black and blue.

Not that I could complain. It was what I had desired from my partnership with Ricky. And I couldn't stop the stream of frequented begging from bursting from me every time he drank and fucked me – more, more, more. 

But goddamn, I was exhausted.

My old neighborhood was becoming ever more the stranger to me. Under a chiffon coverlet of snow, the brick walls were an unfamiliar color and the bare trees no longer entreated their branches to me. Maybe, in the back of my mind, it felt like I was betraying my home. It was the first place I had paid for by myself, the first home I'd ever had away from my family.

My family who didn't love me.

And I was leaving it all for one who did.

I had to keep telling myself that, or I couldn't make it through the day. Telling myself, over and over, that Ricky loved me more deeply than anyone could ever understand. That was worth losing my job, worth leaving my home. I needed him. 

I breathed out slow and reached up to shake out the snow settling into my hair as I approached the building, my other hand fishing for the keys I'd have to give up soon. But as I looked up, I realized that my empty doorstep was occupied by a pair of strangers.

And then I realized that they weren't strangers after all... Though I desperately wished they were.

A pair of girls was standing in front of the door to the apartment, one making hand gestures as if telling off the other. Her partner nearly camouflaged herself in the snow, white hood up against the winter breeze and hands buried in the pockets of her long white coat, and the gesturing girl's messy blonde hair was catching snowflakes just like her blue peacoat. And then she caught my eye.

It was Leah and Soonhee.

I thought about turning around and leaving just as quickly as I'd come. I could explain to Ricky that I hadn't been able to get into the apartment, that something had happened to stop me. But I was angry. This was my home for as long as I held the keys. It was my stuff in there. I had more right to be there than they did. So I bowed my head and stormed up the steps to the door, ignoring them both.

Leah didn't get the message. "Shay!" she gasped. "Shay, I was so worried. Where have you been? I've been checking the apartment just to make sure you were making it home all right, and the windows have been dark -"

"Oh, good," I said, jamming the key into the lock a little more forcibly than I meant to. "So you picked up a couple stalking pointers from Soonhee. That's great. Try it out on someone else."

"But – no, I wasn't stalking -"

"Really? Then please tell me what you'd call this." The lock gave way and I shouldered the door open, whirling to face her on the doorstep. Leah's helpless face was pinked with cold and her eyes were wide, but my sympathy was fleeting. Behind her, Soonhee looked livid. "For your information, I don't live here anymore," I snapped at them both. "I'm just here to pack up the rest of my shit. And I thought I told you I want nothing to do with your stupid Society."

Leah's mouth opened to respond, but Soonhee stepped in front of her. "Now you listen here, you ungrateful – you – Leah has been worried sick about your wellbeing since that godawful phone call. How dare you say something like that to her and then drop off the face of the planet for who knows how long!"

"Oh, three fucking weeks, go cry to someone else," I spat, and I stomped the snow off my boots on the threshold. "By the way, I'm pretty sure you can't continue this conversation inside, so if you don't mind?"

Indeed, Soonhee's little white boots were stopped just short of the final step into my home, and if she could be red with rage I was sure she would be at that moment, with her gloved hands balled into fists and her eyes boring holes in me. Leah, however, needed no invitation to press on past her and attempt to follow me inside. I pushed the door against her, making my point clear.

"Shay, please just listen to us," she begged, wedging herself between the door and hallway. "Everyone is concerned about you. You've been acting strangely, you've been distancing yourself from practically everyone – Soonhee even says you're quitting your job -"

"Well, why doesn't Soonhee just put that spying skill of hers to work for the FBI or something?" 

"Please... Just let me in, just for a minute -"

I snarled loudly and, even as Leah recoiled from me, thrust the door open so hard that it deepened the existing hole in the wall from the doorknob with a weird crunch. "What? What do you people want from me? What, more intel on Ricky so you can take him down? More information on my life that you don't already have? My social security number for your stupid, stupid Society paperwork? What do you want!?"

Leah's mouth hung agape, her eyes searching my face in desperation for some sort of empathy. "I want... I wanted to make sure you were okay," she whimpered. "I wanted to know if you were hurt, or – or if you'd been taken somewhere, or..."

"And what would you have done if I was? It's none of your business."

"Maybe not," said Leah, sudden bravado welling up in her voice, and she wrung her hands together tightly. "But are you angry at me for worrying about a friend?"

I kept glaring back and forth from Leah to Soonhee, neither one of which was daring to speak any further. But suddenly... I had a hard time believing that either of them had any ill will towards me. Leah's earnest gaze, her warm blue eyes that seemed to fight back tears... 

I sighed and backed away from the door, holding it open. "Fine. Come in," I said, and then catching Soonhee's eye, added "You too. C'mon."

Soonhee shook herself like an affronted cat and stepped across the threshold, wiping her boots on the rug as I closed the door behind them both. Leah was looking relieved as she unbuttoned her coat. 

"Thank you," said Soonhee, somewhat reluctantly. "I mean, I was fine, but I was beginning to think Leah might get frostbite if we'd waited any longer out there."

"How long were you out there for?" I asked, slipping my own coat off and throwing it onto the abandoned futon couch. "Nevermind. I don't want to know."

Leah, somewhat abashed, neatly folded her own coat and placed it beside mine, and I got the feeling the flush in her cheeks was no longer due to the cold. 

Soonhee was eyeing the few cardboard boxes that lined the hallway to my room, open so that you could see the scattered possessions within. "You really are moving, then?"

"Yes," I said shortly, and I brushed past her to get to the bedroom so I could take stock of what was left. Inside, the bed was bare and the chest of drawers had been ransacked, all of my clothes either folded or lazily tossed into boxes or the mesh hamper beside them. Aside from this, it didn't look much different than how I'd left it before... I had no posters to take off the walls, no sheets or blankets to take with me, no personal flair to strip from my home for the next person. The last personal belongings that showed any of me were the robots still posed up on the dresser. Soonhee, having followed me, picked up the racing striped one that Ricky had bought and stared at it.

"Will everyone stop obsessing over my robot thing?" I said incredulously, and I snatched it out of her hand to stuff it unceremoniously back into the box it came in. "I swear, can't a man have a hobby without it being weird?"

Leah joined us, wide-eyed as she looked around the remains of my room. "Shay, I – you're not moving because of us, are you?" she asked meekly. 

I sighed and sat down to go through a crate of books I'd left on the floor. "Us meaning who, exactly? You and Soonhee?"

"No... Well, yes, but... The Society, in general," she said. "I thought that we... you know... left on good terms last time."

"Speaking of," Soonhee cut in, "What was that about 'taking Ricky down'?"

"Like you don't know," I said bitterly.

"I don't know," she retorted. "Despite what you may think, it's not the Society's job to assassinate people. Who told you that we did?"

I was going to answer, but suddenly found myself without words. What was I supposed to say?

"That explains a whole lot," she muttered. "So you're moving to escape the Society?"

"No," I said quickly. 

"To go protect your precious boyfriend from the wrath of a couple of vampires he has never feared?"

"No."

"Then why?"

I made a noise of exasperation and shunted the crate of books to one side, nervously running my fingers through my hair. "Because – I don't know, because there's no point in me living here by myself. Ricky offered me a home. I'm tired of struggling to keep a shitty roof over my head. I'm tired of... of being alone."

The silence following this statement was so thick, it was as if the snow were falling inside as well. Leah stepped tentatively forward, her arms folded across her chest and her face drawn with concern. I hated that look. "You're moving in with Ricky?" she asked quietly.

"Yes. I am," I said firmly. "Why does it matter? I see him nearly every day as it is, I sleep over there enough..."

"You're giving him complete control over you," said Leah. "Over your life. Shay, this isn't safe."

"You guys have already tried to convince me to leave him," I said. "And I already told you, you don't understand."

Leah shook her head slowly, something strangely like pity in her eyes. "I understand way more than you think. I really do," she said. 

"Leah, give it up." Soonhee had appeared at Leah's side, an arm protectively wrapping around her shoulder. "He may already be gone."

"He's not," Leah said defensively, and she shrugged Soonhee off. 

"What do you mean, gone?" I shot at her. 

But to my surprise, it was Leah who answered – rather, intercepted the question. "It's nothing," she said. "Shay... Listen, please. You're not alone. I told you that I wouldn't judge you when it came to Ricky. I'm not trying to get to you. I genuinely consider you a friend. Please, don't cut me off."

"I – I'm not cutting anyone off," I said sharply. "I just don't know why you guys have to pry so much into my life when I barely know anything about you -"

"Then get to know me!" Leah pleaded. "I want to be a part of your life, Shay. The part of your life that isn't filled with Ricky. You need someone outside of him, and if you're not getting it from work, then you need another outlet. At least let me give you that."

I stared half in frustration, half in haplessness from Leah to Soonhee and back again. Leah's rosy face was full of earnest plea. Soonhee was giving me a rather facetious glare. 

God, they couldn't be any more different.

Finally, I gave in. "Fine," I told her. "Leah... I don't hate you, don't think that, all right? But – listen, I really do have to pack. I appreciate the concern, but I made my decision."

"I'll help," Leah said immediately, a relieved smile spreading over her face. "Just tell me what to do... I'll help..."

"I don't think -"

"I think it's a great idea," Soonhee piped up, and she patted Leah on the back. "Leah, I've got to go back to headquarters. Stay here with Shay."

"Do I not get any say in this?" I asked her retreating back. 

But now I was faced with Leah. "Do you... not want me here?" she asked reproachfully. 

"It's not that," I said, watching Soonhee shut the front door behind herself. "It's... Whatever. If you wanna come help me sort books."

Leah seemed to be delighted by this task. To be honest with myself, I wasn't disappointed with having her here. And I had time... Time before Ricky came to pick me up. Surely just a few minutes with my friend. The mere word actually made my insides well up with warmth. As she settled on her knees next to me with another stack of books and an empty milk crate, I couldn't help but be grateful for her presence. 

We worked through the Tetris method of packing my books in silence for a bit, Leah just as content with being quiet as I was. I was the one who had to speak first.

"So... have you seen your friends lately?" I asked offhandedly.

Leah paused in the midst of examining a book cover. I didn't exactly have a lot of classics; mostly worn old paperbacks that I'd collected over the years, but I liked reading them from time to time. She thumbed at a dog-eared corner of the cover absentmindedly. "Oh... The girls I was dancing with, you mean," she said. "I don't see them very often. They're from my hometown in Cherry Hill."

"In Jersey?"

"Yeah."

"I'm from Jersey, too," I told her. I slid another stack of books into the crate, checking how many I could fit beside it. "Little bit further north than you, though. Well, way north." I hesitated, not really wanting to talk about home. "Why'd you come here?"

Leah bit her lip, fidgeting with the book cover again. "Well... Actually, for the same reason you're moving now," she said timidly. "For a guy."

She tucked the book beside the ones I'd packed and began sorting through a couple more. I was suddenly filled with unbridled curiosity. "You moved here to be with a boyfriend?"

"Something like that," she mumbled, and her busy hands were frozen. 

I stopped, too, abruptly realizing her avoidance. "Uh... Sorry... You don't have to talk about that if -"

"No! It's okay," Leah smiled, nervously tucking a lock of her unruly hair behind her ear. "I just... Well, I know what you're going through." Quickly, she stacked three more books and added them to the crate. "A lot more than you know..."

When I met her eyes again, it was as if they carried some unspoken message that I was meant to receive. Big blue eyes, full of warning and worry. What was it she couldn't tell me?

I jumped a little when my phone buzzed in my pocket, and I scrambled to pull it out, my fingers fumbling over it as I mumbled in apology to Leah. It was a text.

"I am down the street. No room for boxes in the trunk. We will pick them up tomorrow morning."

And then, almost as quickly:

"Get your coat. I am eager to get you home again."

My spine tingled as if I'd been dipped in cold water. I put my phone away and got to my feet unsteadily. Leah stared at me with concern.

"What's going -"

"It's Ricky," I muttered. "Leah, he can't find me with you again... If he thinks I'm still talking to the Society -"

But Leah understood at once. She bound up and flounced to the living room, picking up her coat and slipping it on one arm at a time. "Shay, at least let me give you my phone number, all right?"

I wanted to argue, but I couldn't... No, I actually wanted that. I didn't want to lose my friend. "All right, just real quick."

Leah nodded, fishing a slip of paper – a carefully folded receipt – and a pen out of her pocket and kneeling down so she could write on the coffee table. She hastily scribbled a few numbers down and handed the slip to me, turned to run out, and then just as quickly spun and threw her arms around me.

"Leah -!"

"Shay, promise me you'll call if you need me -!"

"I'll be fine, go!" I told her, and no sooner had I torn her arms from me that the snowy air whirled into the hallway and was snuffed out by the slam of the door.

Leah was gone.

I was just pulling my own coat on when my pocket vibrated again. 

"I am outside. Are you coming?"

Feeling no need to text my response, I instead ushered myself back out into the snow, which was picking up significantly, to meet Ricky's sleek black car on the pavement. Out in the stark whiteness quickly blanketing the city, the tinted windows and jet-black finish made the car little more than a shadow as its wipers brushed the giant flakes this way and that way off its face. I opened the door and ducked inside, grateful for the heater, my heart beating too fast for my breath.

If Ricky had seen Leah leaving the apartment, I wouldn't have known. He was calmly sitting there with his stoner metal playing, the collar of his leather jacket popped up and his hair swept up in a ponytail. "There you are," he said with the faintest trace of a smile, as I sat shaking the snow off my shoulders and out of my hair. "Did you have any luck with packing?"

"Yeah," I replied, catching my breath from the cold. The engine revved and I watched the apartment slide out of view beside us. "Just need to load it up in the car and bring it over. You sure this thing's got enough trunk space?"

"I can make a second trip if need be. Speaking of, I believe I've gotten everything you need to cook with. Would you like to prepare dinner for yourself or eat in?"
