 I actually had a hard time imagining Ricky in a grocery store buying as much food as he did. I stood in the kitchen sorting and putting away things from the eleven Shop-Rite bags he'd brought home, filling up the fridge and cabinets as they surely had never been filled before. I wasn't too much of a gourmet, but I definitely had an appreciation for the selection Ricky had provided me -- fresh veg and meat and all the things I liked, no doubt to keep my energy up and my blood a healthy flavor. Lots of iron rich foods thrown in there, kale and red meat and whatnot. No more cup noodles for me. 

I could definitely get used to that.

"Are you nearly done?" asked Ricky from the kitchen's archway. He'd left me to my work, since he wouldn't have a hand in cooking and thus felt it would be better for me to stock the kitchen the way I liked. He lounged against the divider, black t-shirt clinging tight to his body in such a way that I could see the shade of his nipples pressed through the cotton. If anything else was more the turn-on, I couldn't think of it then.

Over my momentary distraction, I pushed the carton of juice I was holding into the fridge and shut the door, clearing my throat. "I think so. Cabinet's full and everything, I got all the meat in the freezer and the greens in the crisper. Thank you... I mean that."

Ricky waved a hand dismissively. "If I'm keeping you around, it's only my duty to keep you fit and healthy. Do you think I wouldn't feed you?"

I shrugged, my focus following Ricky's hand. "Did you redo your nails?"

"Hm." He lifted his hand back to his face, examining the gleaming black lacquer on groomed fingertips. "I thought I should gussy up for our date tonight."

I gave him half a grin. "What date?"

Ricky's lidded eyes regarded me lazily, his mouth perked in a bridled smile. "Nothing big. Just you, me, and some fun toys. Come. Let's go upstairs."

I was sure he could see my heart beating in my throat. I wasted no time in following Ricky up the spiral staircase and into the workroom that I hadn't visited in weeks.

"Are you piercing me again?" I asked, barely able to hide the excitement in my voice. 

"In time," replied Ricky, and he left me in the middle of the room to fetch something from one of the tables. "First, look up."

Unsure what I was meant to be looking for, I obeyed, and after a moment's search I found what seemed to be a large metal ring screwed directly into the ceiling beam above me. Interesting, but innocuous enough. 

"It's an eye screw," I said simply. "What about it?"

In response, Ricky tossed a zippered canvas travel bag at my feet, which made a heavy metallic thud that I did not expect for its size. "Strip down," he told me.

"What's in the bag?"

"You'll see. Strip down."

My curiosity couldn't peak any higher if I tried. Not wanting to waste any time, I wormed out of my clothing in record time and kicked it behind me in a sad heap. Satisfied as I stood bare in the middle of the room, Ricky knelt at my feet and zipped the canvas bag open. I tried to peer inside, but the contents became apparent as he pulled them free. I saw the roll of needles Ricky had shown me before, and in his hands... 

My stomach clenched in a strangely delicious way. Those were handcuffs. And not the police kind or the stupid aluminum ones with the fuzz... Thick bands of polished black leather with heavy buckles and wide steel rings stitched into their belting. And when the carabiner came out with them, I realized what Ricky was going to do to me.

"You're trussing me up to the ceiling?" I croaked out, and my eyes flicked back up to the eyehole screw. 

Ricky's mouth widened into a grin. "Is that an objection?"

"No!" I breathed. 

"Good. Hold out your hands."

When I did, Ricky bit down on the ring of one of the cuffs and held it in his mouth so that he could take the other in both hands and wrap it about my left wrist. Calm and collected, his nimble fingers pulled the belting tight and affixed the buckle, my skin suddenly bound in a surprising softness beneath pillowy fleece. I hadn't realized the cuffs were lined so well. When Ricky released my left hand, I felt it sag with the weight of my bondage, felt my muscle strain under it... But it was a comforting bind. I was secure. 

When I was done marveling at the feeling of the cuff around my wrist and the next one had already been done, Ricky paused, pushed a finger beneath the band of one cuff and then the next -- I could only guess to check them -- and silently clipped them together with the carabiner. 

"Test them," he told me. 

I hesitated, then pulled my wrists apart with a snap that made the rings and carabiner clink loudly. The noise of it sent a shiver up my back. I let my breath out in a cold huff, meeting Ricky's eyes in a haze. They were darkened, and he was still smiling. 

"Good," he said softly, and his hand trailed up my arm and seized the carabiner. He forced my arms up over my head, and with a moment's reach that brought me onto my toes, he snapped it into place through the eyelet screw. My wrists settled into the cradle of fleece and leather around them, but I could not place my heels on the floor. My calf muscles tightened as they kept me up. The length of my torso stretched and exposed me from top to bottom, and along with it, the fullness of my hard cock. I groaned, letting my chin fall against my chest as I flexed my fingers helplessly above me. 

"No. Keep that pretty face up," Ricky crooned to me, and his fingers glided beneath my jaw and guided my gaze back to him. As I found myself falling into his eyes again, his hand left my face and slipped down the taut line of my body, amusing itself in a teasing circle above my rigid sex. "Now, don't spend yourself on the bondage. This is just a means to an end, after all."

"Means?" I watched Ricky turn away from me and fall back to the travel bag at my feet, withdrawing the roll of needles and a little plastic pack. 

"Oh, yes," he mused, and he unrolled the needles and plucked two out. "I told you I'd be piercing you. I need you laid out for me. Now then, be still so I can prep."

Be still... It was easier said than done. I couldn't stop fidgeting impatiently, my hands testing the binding of my wrists, my weight shifting from one foot to the next as I tried to figure out how best to stand there on my toes in such a way as not to strain my legs so hard. The incessant metal clicking and jangling at Ricky's little standalone work station was driving me mad with need. I wanted those needles rammed in me. I wanted the metal run through me. Pierce me, puncture me, bleed me!

"Where are you going to pierce me?" I asked finally, when the noise of his prep work was all but intolerable. 

"On the area I've laid out, obviously," he replied slickly, and he returned to me with a cupped hand. "Do you see these?"

In his hand were a number of steel rings, all capped with captive beads and all shaped like capital D's. But...

"There's so many of them," I said slowly. 

"Fourteen," said Ricky matter-of-factly. "Seven here... And seven here." And he traced a line down each side of my torso.

In the wake of his trailing fingertip, my muscles tensed in waves. The breath in my lungs was frigid as he was, my heart thumping at his suggestion. "You're giving me... a corset piercing?"

"So you know what I'm planning."

"Yeah..."

"You consent?" Consent! I couldn't beg enough for it. But when it came down to it, I could only nod dumbly with my mouth hanging open like a dog in heat. 

Ricky clicked his tongue, fondling a needle between his fingers as he dropped the d-rings in a clattering pile on the worktable. "Pity. I enjoy pushing your limits. Head back."

With a shuddering breath I drew my face back from my chest and let my belly tense. Ricky's fingers searched me, then plucked a knot of skin from my muscle just below my right pectoral. In agonizing anticipation, I heard my pulse swell into my brain, my breath seized up in the hollow of my chest. When the needle pushed into me, it was as if it had punctured a balloon. 

The cold metal jabbed through my flesh with little resistance, and with it all the tension in my body dissolved in a rush of sensation. The air in my lungs burst forth in a moan. The strain of my muscles broke with a tremor that pulsed down my limbs, and yet simultaneously, I seized up from fingertips to trembling toes as if my entire body was a vice. The skin there... The flesh along the curve of my belly was so unexpectedly sensitive, so susceptible to pain, and yet I craved more of it -- a craving quickly satisfied. Though it felt like an eternity that I stood there with needle goring my skin open, it took Ricky only a split second to fit its hollow with a new piercing and slip it easily into its new hole, and another moment then to twist that strange, angled shape into place with a tension that tore and burned at my insides. When only the first piercing had been forced into me, I was already panting hard, my forehead cold with a sheen of oncoming sweat beneath the mess of my snowy fringe.

"My, are you spent already?" Ricky inquired softly, and his hand came down to caress the thick length of my cock, hot and turgid with need. "It was only one piercing, Shay. If that was too much for you, how am I to give you thirteen more?"

"Not -- too much," I gasped, shaking my head furiously. "Please -- more -- don't stop!"

Between my humid panting, I heard Ricky chuckle deeply, and he smirked at me. "That's what I like to hear. Still yourself."

Much more purposeful, much more precise, Ricky's cold fingers graced my hot skin and clamped it in a mirror position to my new ring, and just as quickly, the needle breached through me. 

The sting, the shock of it remained as fierce as the first time, pleasurable and tortuous at once as the hole in my chest sent its pain down my body and back up again so that I could feel it like a tightly drawn bowstring in my tendons. My head fell back, my mouth agape and unfit to stem the flow of my howling, and I felt my muscles tensing and twitching no matter how I tried to keep still as my puncture was filled with new steel just like the first. Again and again I rode the sensation of each hole Ricky pushed through me, each interstice he opened and each ring he pushed inside me, each place in my belly a new experience. The pattern sparked through my brain in different colors. Sting. Chill. Spark. Burn. Over and over again. 

When the fourteenth ring found its way inside me and the burning ebbed to a quiet throb, I became suddenly aware that my entire body was trembling. Every breath I took in was shaking. I heard, as if through a fog, the clatter of Ricky's tools on the surgical table, and I let my head fall forward onto my chest so I could see what had been done. Each of the little captive rings was firmly embedded in me, all curved lines that mirrored each other all the way down my torso and capped off with my nipple rings and hip piercings at each end. Only two were bleeding, and yet every one was ringed with reddened skin.

"Lovely," said Ricky, as he stepped back to examine his work with chin in hand. "And your body speaks for how it feels."

"It's... amazing," I groaned. 

"Amazing," Ricky repeated. "Hm. But it's not much of a corset, now, is it?"

Before I could ask what he meant, he turned back to the worktable and retrieved something like a fat round disc and a short pair of scissors. He fidgeted with this for only a moment, and then unwound a long length of silver ribbon from its spool. 

"You're going to lace it...?" My voice broke midsentence, and I felt a familiar chill ride up my back with the sweat.

"There's little point piercing you this way otherwise." Calm and precise, Ricky measured out one arm's length of ribbon and then two before snipping it away from the spool. Tools aside, he slipped each end of the ribbon through the rings closest to my hips and pulled it even, and as he did so, it tugged ever so slightly at my new piercings so that they twinged in my skin. 

Ricky's hands were quick and delicate in their work, needing no strength or pressure to thread the silver stream of satin in crosses up my abdomen from the bottom. In contrast to the sharp pain of piercing, the ribbon graced around my sore and swollen skin in an almost ticklish way. I struggled to keep myself from squirming away from the teasing of the ribbon and the grazing of Ricky's fingers. And yet when the lacing had traversed all fourteen rings, he crossed it once more and pulled both ends through my nipple rings as well. 

"Ricky -- god!" I hissed in sharply through my teeth with tremors shaking my legs to the ground. Without skipping a beat, he seized both loose ends of ribbon and pulled tight, fingers on his left hand tweaking each cross section to tighten them all from bottom to top, and finished it all with a neat bow that trailed its tips at the crown of my abdominal muscles. Every steel ring was pulling my skin to my center line, pulling gently yet firmly with every aching breath I drew.

With his work finished, Ricky stepped back to inspect me. I was limp, dangling from the ceiling with my feet barely holding me and the strain in my tendons so deliciously apparent. I could feel my heartbeat in my wrists. My skin was cold with the dusting of sweat that drenched me, that glimmered on me from every angle and stained dark the ribbon where it touched me. And yet I found myself, all entrapped in Ricky's searching eyes, praying that what he saw pleased him. 

So when he smiled at me, I felt my body melt with satisfactory pleasure. 

As I hung panting and desperate for release, I watched Ricky pull up the hem of his shirt and undo his jeans, pull free his soft manhood from the denim, and when he drew close again I could feel its coldness on my upper thigh. 

I shuddered, moaning out incoherently until I found my voice again. "Please... Ricky, drink me... Fuck me..."

"Where?" he whispered back. His hands teased at my spine, my hips, my pulsing cock. "Tell me where to bite you. Beg me, Shay."

"My neck... I want... Please bite my neck!"

Ricky let out a low chuckle and traced his hands up to my jaw, tilting my face back away from him so that the length of my throat could be exposed. One hand he kept on my cheek, the other embraced me from behind so he could cradle my body close, and he pushed his face between my neck and my raised left arm to bury his mouth in my veins. 

I felt my whole body stiffen as the pain sparked down my throat, feeling his bite even in my lungs which now struggled to draw in air. My hands above me were clenched in fists. And yet I couldn't stop myself from craving this... The ice in my arteries, the pull of my blood that raced my heart's pushing, the noise Ricky's throat made as he swallowed mouthful after mouthful of me. All too quickly he broke away and licked at the wound in my neck for only a moment before turning his attention back to my lasciviously decorated body. 

"Now, what to do with this mess I've made of you?" he taunted quietly, weaving his fingers under the criss-cross of ribbon on my stomach. As if in answer, I felt the swelling and sudden heat of his sex press against my leg. Mine responded in kind, and I whimpered wantonly with its desperation. "Yes... I think that's a wonderful idea," said Ricky, and as he dug behind him in preparation, I let my head fall back and hung there enjoying the soreness running up and down my abdomen. 

I was snapped to attention by Ricky's warming hands gliding down my thighs and seizing me behind the knee, hefting my legs around his waist. I heard the metallic clink of the carabiner holding me up as all my weight was dispersed between my hands and Ricky, and I felt the head of his cock pressing against my entrance, streamed with lubricant and yet so very hot under its cold sting. I struggled above me and just barely managed to wrap my fingers around the carabiner to take some of the strain off my wrists, and I panted out some unintelligible plea as Ricky drove himself inside me.

My head fell back again immediately, my voice strangulated in pleasure as I felt my insides rend around him again. With his hands holding me up at the backside, Ricky buried himself in me and withdrew with agonizing slowness, and yet when I whined out in longing, he tightened his grip on me and began to thrust hard. My fingers were shaking on my bonds above me. My belly tensed with its internal stimulation, my own sex dripping precum down its length as it pulsed needily. And when I thought I could take no more, Ricky slipped his left hand free of my back and wound it into the ribbon at my lower stomach.

At once I cried out in agony. The pull of my corset jolted from my hips all the way to my nipples, lateral pain that threatened to rip steel from skin. Ricky was using my piercing as a harness as he pulled me into him over and over again, his concentration unbroken as his black hair fell unbidden into his bright eyes and his thrusting grew fiercer inside me. I was being split open. The pain was incomprehensible, intoxicating, incapacitating. I felt it in the base of my brain, in the stem of my spine, in my curling toes and shaking fingers and the dripping of blood at my throat that streaked my chest and shoulder. And as if my corset had been cut free of me, as if a dozen eyelets loosed their lacings in me, I came undone.

Ricky's thrusting slowed at my climax, and with several deliberate, forceful pushes of his own, I heard him groan in pleasure and felt his heat swell in my belly. He unsheathed himself from me and his spill dripped down the inside of my thigh as he lowered my feet to the ground, but they played no part in supporting me. I hung limp and barely keeping my weight off my arms until Ricky reached up to unclip the carabiner from between my fingers and bring me to the floor with him. 

I kept my eyes closed. I felt weightless save for the fullness of my insides and the drag of the cuffs on my hands, but even those disappeared as Ricky unbound me in his lap. Something slim and cold slid over my stomach under the loosened ribbons. I heard the snip of scissors, and the ribbon began to fall away until Ricky tugged the scraps of it all away. Next thing I knew, he was fidgeting with my piercings.

"What are you -- ouch!" I had to open my eyes again, feeling one of the rings twist and pull free of my skin with its bearing gone.

"Taking these out," he said simply. "Lie back and relax."

"Why are you doing that? You just put them in. Ow!"

He set another ring aside and worked on the third. "It's a temporary play piercing. You didn't think I was really going to leave these in."

"Kinda, yeah..."

He chuckled and brushed his hair over his left ear. The piercings began to pile up next to the ribbon. "If you like it so much, perhaps I'll give you another set one day."

I smiled weakly and lay back over his leg, sighing as Ricky went on unstapling my belly. 

The phone number in my jacket pocket went forgotten.