 I couldn't stop the cotton of my shirt from rubbing the pinprick scars in my belly in the strangest way as I walked. The weight of my coat pressed my clothes against me in every direction, and for the most part, I didn't mind. But every so often, the rubbing of my sore nipple piercings or the tease of my corset scars would accumulate to the point that it really started to hurt. I began to wonder if I'd have to start wearing moleskin on my nips in the winter months. 

I was walking down to the warehouse for the final time that morning, bundled up in my coat and gloves and even a scarf that I'd found during my move, which was now triple-wrapped around my neck and jutting out of the collar of my jacket like a very clingy yarn python. My last week was up, and it was time to say goodbye to my coworkers. When I'd told them all that I was leaving, there was a general feeling of disappointment, but no one really cared that much - at least, it didn't seem like they did. 

So I was really surprised to find out that they'd postponed their work in favor of a small party.

I arrived in a whirl of short cheers and whistles, some guys wearing little paper party hats sardonically perched atop their hardhats, others who weren't even scheduled that day in their street clothes. I noticed in the mess of people shaking my hand and clapping me on the back that the hats were emblazoned with the words "Happy Birthday!"

"This is great, guys," I said slowly, as the noise calmed down. "But it's not my birthday."

They answered with a chorus of laughter. 

"They didn't have going-away favors at the dollar store," Don grunted, and the laughter started up again.

"Happy belated birthday!"

"Just take your cake and shut up, Ferguson!"

And indeed, they'd all pitched in for a chocolate cake. After a little more rowdiness and their insistence for me to stay and celebrate, we all sat down on folding chairs and stacks of empty pallets and dug into the cake, complete with matching birthday paper plates. At that point, everyone just began to talk amongst themselves, which was just fine by me. The cake was pretty good.

Don had decided to sit by me. "So what's your next venture, kiddo?" he asked, picking at the frosting on his slice of cake.

"Venture?" I asked.

"Yeah. What're you leaving this place to do?"

I opened my mouth to answer, couldn't decide what to say, and instead took a bite of cake. What did I plan on doing with my life now?

Don's brow furrowed. "You are getting another job, right? Goin' to college? Or... something, right?"

I had trouble meeting Don's eyes, but when I did, I felt a pang of guilt. His eyes were so full of unfamiliar concern. I felt like this must be the expression he wore when lecturing his daughter. The Worried Dad face. 

I rubbed the back of my neck and sighed, setting the cake on my lap and checking to make sure no one else was listening in to our exchange. "Don... Look," I said reluctantly. "If I tell you, will you promise -"

"Shay, have I ever fucking judged you?" Don snapped. "For fuck's sake, kid, you can tell me anything. You need to talk, let's talk. C'mon."

And without another word, he took his cake and sauntered off to the locker room. Taking a quick look around the room, I followed him. No one seemed to notice we were leaving, all too busy laughing and talking to each other. 

When we got to the locker room, Don leaned up against a locker and waved impatiently at me, as if asking me to go ahead and talk. For a moment I could only look at him helplessly, wondering what I should say... But as I thought about it, the weight of everything that had happened came tumbling down on my shoulders, and I began talking. Just basics at first, still reluctant, but soon it was as if a dam had sprung a leak. The dribble of information became a stream, and then I began to gush. I told Don about Ricky, about my masochism, about moving from my apartment - everything except a few details, skimping the fact that Ricky was a vampire and that an entire supernatural society was after us. To my surprise, he listened intently, only nodding and frowning at a few points. 

When I trailed off at the end and still only saw him nodding, I became worried. "You... don't seem surprised at any of this."

"Little bit," he said gruffly, taking another bite of cake. "I thought you might like guys. Just had a feeling. Not that there's anything wrong with that. The hurting yourself thing, well, I thought you were a cutter. I'm not sure what you told me is any better."

I lowered my head, feeling my cheeks grow cold. 

"But," he said quickly, "I ain't worried about any of that. Not really. What I'm worried about is this guy taking over your life."

This surprised me more than anything. "What do you mean...?"

"You know what I mean. You leave your job, you're gonna be completely reliant on him. He leaves you, you'll be up shit creek, no paddle. No home, no job, 'cause right now both o' those are up to him."

"How's that any different from your wife, though?"

"You think Kathy moved in with me after knowin' me for three months? We're married, kid. That house is half hers. And besides, she's got shit to do outside o' that place. What do you do outside of... well, doin' Ricky?"

I blushed at this. Despite his blunt attitude, though, Don had a point.

"Look, I'm not sayin' you can't live with the guy," he told me. "But you gotta have some kinda thing away from him. Hang out with your friends. Join a club. Get some kinda fuckin' hobby. You got a friend you can count on, right? One who ain't twice your age with a wife an' kid?"

I grinned lopsidedly, figuring that was Don's humor. But did I have any friends I could call on? 

And as if I had only just registered its existence, I remembered the phone number in my pocket. Warmed by its presence, I polished off my cake.

~

I kept examining the phone number as I walked up from the warehouse district. Leah's handwriting was so... unique. Her twos and threes were little curly-q things, her zeroes fat little circles, and her fives like lowercase s's. I remembered vaguely that she had called me once before - before the holiday, before this whole mess in my head. I checked my phone, and sure enough, it was still there in my call history.

I debated calling her the whole way up the street, past window displays budding with premature Christmas décor, past trees jutting out along the sidewalk with their branches ensnared in unlit string lights like a very electrically inclined spider's web. Damn if the holiday season wasn't in full swing. 

It shouldn't have been such a hard decision. I liked Leah. I liked talking to her. I liked being around her.

I feared being near her. 

But was it Leah I feared? The Society? The more I thought about it, the more I had to say... no. I was slowly coming to the conclusion that I wasn't afraid of what the Society would do to me if I got too close. No... I was scared of Ricky. 

It was strange, I thought as I walked with my brow still knitted in concentration over my phone, dithering over Leah's phone number. I didn't think these things when I was with Ricky. I didn't think about... well, anything. I only thought about how good I felt with him, how wonderful he made me feel inside and out. How he filled me with so much warmth and wanting and love. 

But when I got away from him, all these questions popped up from the core of my brain as if they'd been waiting to spring on me when the coast was clear. As if I'd woken up from a dream. 

As if I'd been...

No way. I shook the thought from myself. I couldn't even give that possibility voice; it was just so... 

But I thought about the way Leah had held her arms around herself, talking about Ricky's appearance at the club. 

"His aura... I've never felt anything like it before."

"It was as if his mere presence was turning my bones to liquid, as if he were melting me inside."

And just like that, I found myself redialing the number. With the slightest hesitation, I raised the phone to my ear and reached up to pull my scarf away from the side of my face. The mist of my breath burst in clouds before me as I waited for her to pick up. The ringing stopped.

"... Hello?"

I slowed my walking in the middle of the sidewalk, feeling my heart pick up extra beats in my chest for a moment. "Hey... Yeah, it's me, Leah."

There was silence on the other end, and I wondered if I should regret making the call, until I heard a sigh of relief. "Oh, Shay! I'm so happy to hear from you. Are you all right?"

"I'm fine. Why wouldn't I be?" I grinned.

She paused again. "I... I was just worried. We all are."

"We?"

"Well, Soonhee of course - she's more concerned about you than she lets on. Gil's been asking about you, too. Everyone likes you, Shay."

At this, I bit my lip. I wasn't really sure what to say about it.

"Well, anyway," Leah said quickly, "Did you need something? Or... are you just calling to talk?"

"Just to talk, I guess. I'm heading home right now - Ricky's at work, so I went out to see my coworkers off."

"Oh, where are you?"

"Heading north towards South Street right now. Figured I'd grab a coffee, it's fucking cold."

Her bell-like laugh rang out over the phone. "I guess we both had the same idea. I'm at a coffee shop around the same area."

"Which one?"

"A place called Park Perk off Pine. I like their tea lattes." She paused... or hesitated, I wasn't sure. "So... would you like to come meet me here, then?"

"Meet up with you... for coffee?" My chest was hammering in such a strange way... a way that I didn't think I could feel for Leah.

"Or... or tea, or whatever," she stammered. "You don't have to if you don't want to, I just thought -"

"No," I said to her quickly. "I'll come by. Where'd you say this place was?"

Leah's voice was decidedly filled with relief and excitement as she told me the address and stuttered out her best directions. I couldn't say I blamed her. I hadn't gone and hung out with a friend like this since... Well, I couldn't remember. The only thing that came close was Ricky, or the club... And my last few visits to the club hadn't ended with good memories.

Park Perk was further down South Street than my usual shop, and much more tucked into the surrounding buildings. It didn't have much of a face, and I'd actually passed by it before I realized what it was. Its small, curtained front window was delicately painted with its name in gold calligraphy, paired with a stylized icon of a teacup or coffee cup with swirling steam coming off it, and a stout little sandwich board by the steps to the door humbly boasted the daily specials - cranberry-orange scones, peppermint cappucinos, and of course, pumpkin spice lattes. 

The door chimed its little bell as I stepped inside, and my eyes had to adjust from the brightness of the gray and snowdusted city to the sudden darkness of this little shop. Once the door closed behind me, I realized it wasn't as dark as I first thought; just very modestly lit. It was decorated more like a tearoom than a coffee shop. Floor lamps with ruffled burgundy shades stood here and there by the polished wood counter and beside a pair of red leather chairs in a back corner, and each round little table got its own tiny lamp. Though small, the shop hummed and buzzed with lighthearted conversation and the tippety-tap of some dude typing on his Macbook. Under the scent of roasting coffee beans, I could smell anise and clove. I examined the board behind the barista where all of the day's items were carefully written in chalk. 

"Shay!" I turned towards the voice and saw Leah sitting at a table tucked in the corner. "Over here."

I smiled at her and made to remove my jacket as I walked over to her table. She wore her own smile like treasured jewelry, pinked and glossy lips parted over her teeth as she regarded me with fond familiarity. The unruly bloom of her hair was unrestrained today save for a pair of pins behind her right ear, which was pierced through with a lone sapphire stud. Her dress today was velvet, cap-sleeved and muted blue so that her freckled skin was bright against it. Her ankles in their black nylons were crossed under the table, and her fingers rested at the saucer of a patterned teacup half-drained of milky tea. I draped my coat over the back of the empty chair like hers was and joined her table.

"Do you want to order something?" she asked when I'd seated myself. "They do make good coffee... Or pumpkin spice lattes."

"Coffee's fine. I never bought into the pumpkin spice thing," I told her honestly. "Gimme a minute."

When I'd returned to the table with my coffee, Leah was fiddling with her empty teacup as if deliberating whether or not she'd like more. For a moment, all we did was sit in silence as I sugared my coffee and she poured out more tea from the squat little teapot she'd been given. 

"That smells nice," I said finally. "What is it?"

"Oh... Earl grey," said Leah. "The shop's blend uses a little more bergamot than usual, but I like it that way. It's really aromatic."

"It is." I watched her quietly as she took our minute pitcher of cream and added some so that it billowed in the teacup like growing stormclouds, and dissolved just as quickly around her spoon. The tinkling of metal on ceramic was the only noise between us. 

"I'm sorry," she blurted at last, keeping her face down. "I invited you here, and it turns out I have nothing to say."

"It's fine," I reassured her, and I gave a weak laugh. "I think I'm just happy seeing you again."

"Are you?" When Leah raised her eyes to me again, they were solemn and yet... She smiled at me again, however reluctantly. 

I opened my mouth, and after a beat felt it spread into my own smile. "Yeah. I am."

She laughed and tucked her face down again, placing her spoon aside at last and teasing a finger in her cup's handle. "I'm glad. I worried that you felt like the Society was prying too much into your life... that they were smothering you." 

"I..." At this I had to think, and I mulled the answer over in my head before speaking. "No, I don't think that. I thought that I thought that, but I don't. It's weird, isn't it?"

"It's not weird," Leah said quietly. She raised her cup with both hands and took a delicate sip before bringing her eyes back to mine. "I felt like that, too. I was... well, I should say someone made me feel that way."

I lifted my own cup and took a tentative sip as she spoke, and lowered it just as fast. "What do you mean by that?"

Leah's hands had stopped with her cup just above her saucer, but after a beat, she set it down with reluctance. "Shay..." She lingered, sighed, and fidgeted with her hands. Finally, she let out a nervous, breathy laugh. "You know... It's really scary how alike we are. How often I see... myself in you. In what you're going through."

I frowned at her. "You think we're alike?"

"In your situation," she explained. "I went through all of this... Everything you're experiencing right now. Only... Only I didn't have the Society's support like you do. I didn't have anyone. Anyone except..."

I waited for Leah to finish, but it seemed she had no words left. "Except... who?" I prompted.

Leah had twisted her hands together, biting her lip. "His name was Cyrus," she murmured. "He's... He was everything. He was handsome, he was charming, he was rich... And to a suburban girl like me, he was Prince Charming." Keeping her eyes down, she shook her head. "It was so typical boy-meets-girl... All except for the fact that he was a vampire."

"You -" I put down my cup as soon as I'd picked it up. "You dated a vampire? I mean... did you date him?"

Leah looked up and her eyes darted from the door to the guy behind me with the Macbook, and I got the hint - talk more quietly. "Yes," she relinquished. "I met Cyrus in my hometown when I was a senior in high school. The moment I met him, I became obsessed... My entire life had to be about him. I was so in love... Or so I thought." She smiled weakly. "High school girls fall in love so easily, don't they? He had me at hello. And he knew it, too... He knew I'd do anything for him if he asked. I let him drink my blood so freely as soon as I knew what he was, and I became addicted to the sensation of it, to the numbness and emptyheaded pleasure he brought me, and addicted to him. So I barely had to be convinced when he told me to drop out of school and go with him to Philadelphia."

Leah paused and took a slow draught of her tea, and all the while all I could do was stare, enraptured in her story. "Your parents didn't stop you?" I asked incredulously.

"Oh, they tried," Leah sighed bitterly. "They told me I was making a stupid decision. My friends didn't support me in it either... Harley and Candy included. In the end, I ignored all of them and left anyway. I was newly eighteen, so sure that I knew the world better than anyone. We all felt like that at eighteen, didn't we?"

She sipped her tea again, and I followed suit. My coffee was dark and bracing, and it warmed the cold pit that had opened in my stomach. "So... what happened? With Cyrus."

"Oh, exactly what you'd expect," Leah smirked coldly. "I was in the palm of his hand, and I'd burned all my bridges, my escape routes. Once he realized he had all the leverage in the world over me, he started using me however he wanted. He stopped caring about my wellbeing, stopped caring about my humanity. I was nothing but a sex toy to him, and a food source besides that."

"Why didn't you just ditch?" I asked her. "You weren't far from home. I'm sure your family would have taken you back."

The corner of Leah's mouth perked as if she were about to smile, but her face was stony. "You don't... really think about that kind of thing when you're in that situation," she whispered. "He was an abuser, Shay, and his abuse didn't stop with physical violence. He had an easy time getting into my head with the things he said to me - that I was worthless, that no one wanted me, that I had no one but him. But he didn't need any of that to seep into my brain and rewrite me from the inside. His power did that for him." She sipped her tea, her eyes lowered to her cup. "So I believed him. I never tried to escape. I was bound to his bedroom without any chains to hold me. Just the feeling that there was nothing left for me outside of what I had become for him."

As I listened to Leah recounting her story, I became aware of a strange sensation inside me. It was as if the bowels of my lungs were becoming lined with frost, and every breath I took just drew that cold feeling deeper inside me. What was this? I took a large gulp of coffee to chase the frigid sensation away, but all that accomplished was a scalding in my throat. 

Leah looked up from her cup. "Is this... starting to sound familiar to you?" she asked carefully. 

I didn't know how to respond to this. Whatever familiarity I felt with her story... Something in me adamantly refused to accept it. I kept trying to think about the fact that maybe, just maybe, I had a connection to what Leah was telling me, but it was like trying to jam together two pieces from opposite sides of a puzzle. I couldn't get my head around it. 

Changing tact, I cleared my throat. "But you did escape," I pointed out. "You're not with him anymore. How did you get away?"

"Oh," said Leah with another sigh. She swirled the tea around her cup and sipped. "I didn't. When the Society stepped in, I was still his prisoner, mind and body."

"The Society stepped in?"

"That's part of their job. To protect people from... well, men like Cyrus," she said. "I don't know how long they kept trying to intervene, but I was with Cyrus for two entire years before they finally got tired of whatever civility they'd been attempting, and they broke into his house."
