 Luckily, I didn't have to brave the cold or take the Septa up to Northern Liberties to get to the Society headquarters with Leah. To my surprise, she had a car. A midget one, sure, but I felt like the little Japanese hybrid suited her just fine. I found that I preferred riding in Leah's floral-scented car to being chauffeured by Johnathan in the back of a Towncar. The whole way up, Leah chatted to me absent-mindedly over the female vocals and bouncy electronica coming from her stereo. I found it hard to think about anything unpleasant. The overly happy music was just a plus - the real attraction was Leah's own cheerful aura that you couldn't help but grow into.

Leah parked her squat car in front of the Society building, which was newly frosted with snow like a little gingerbread frathouse. I followed her up the steps as she struggled to retrieve something from her pockets. 

"Are you sure you're fine with this?" she asked as I traced her footsteps to the front door.

"Yeah," I said in earnest. "I think I'm cool with this now. I want to go."

She smiled at me and ushered us both into the foyer. The person waiting for us at the little entryway desk was a tall, black woman with tightly braided hair that spilled lazily over her shoulders. She looked like she'd tried to dress nicely, decked out in pencil skirt and a loose blouse, but my eyes kept falling into the crevasse of her vast cleavage like I was plummeting over a cliff. Christ.

"Hey, girl," she said to Leah in her syrupy voice. "You got your registration card on you?"

"Hi, Rochelle. It's right here," said Leah, and she flashed the card she'd pulled out of her pocket. Rochelle examined it, shrugged, and gave it back before penning something down in the ledger on her little desk.

"What about your boy here?" she prompted.

I was about to answer, though I wasn't sure what to say, but Leah spoke for me. "Shay hasn't finished his paperwork yet. I'm bringing him as a guest."

"That's Shay?" Rochelle asked dubiously, and she turned on me. "You Shay Ferguson?"

I looked at her, then at Leah, who didn't respond. "Yeah," I said reproachfully. 

Rochelle made a noise somewhere between disbelief and affirmation. "Damn, but you whiter than I thought you'd be. Literally."

Leah laughed, and Rochelle followed suit. After some short thanks, I was steered into the main hall. 

"Why did she know who I was?" I asked Leah in an undertone.

"Because they all know who Ricky is," she answered unabashedly. "You're part of that package now. Everyone here wants to help you, Shay. They'll always welcome you." She slowed her pacing alongside me and peered up above my eyeline. "Did you dye your hair again?"

"Touched up the roots. Could you tell?"

She shrugged, unbuttoning her jacket as we walked. "It's always this really distinct part of you. I'm not saying it looks bad on you... The color's beautiful the way you do it. But sometimes I wonder... if the color of your hair isn't just another part of you that you try to hide away."

"I think you're reading too much into it," I told her bluntly. "Your friends dye their hair, too."

She giggled. "You're probably right. Sometimes hair dye's just hair dye, right? Oh - Carrie!" Leah called suddenly, turning to look over at the redheaded girl who was tending the bar. "Have you seen Gilbert? Is he here today?"

Carrie blinked at us, frozen in the act of placing a blood pack in some sort of steaming copper pot. "He's always here," she said. "He's in the library right now. Bruno's been waiting for you, too."

"Where's he at?"

"Probably pacing somewhere. Should I tell him where you'll be if I see him?"

"Yes, please. Thanks, Carrie."

"This place has a library?" I asked as we walked through the back hallways I'd already visited more than once. 

"It's got a lot of things," said Leah. "The bottom floor is all private meeting rooms except for the library at the back. The second and third floor are basically hotel floors, a lot of rooms with accommodations for vampires needing a place to stay or meeting overnight with their partners."

"Huh."

"Yeah. The Society's got a lot of functions it serves. It was my halfway house for some time, too." At the end of the hallway was a tall set of double doors - I got the feeling it used to lead to a hotel ballroom or something. Instead, the room on the other side was lined floor to ceiling with jam-packed bookcases, which even covered up the wall where I suspected windows were hiding. A crystal chandelier like the one in the main hall hung in the center of the ceiling, and beneath that were several groups of armchairs and couches button-tufted in warm brown leather. In one of these high-back armchairs, Gilbert was quietly seated.

Leah wasted no time in striding over to join him. "Hi, Gil!" 

I tagged after her somewhat reluctantly. Gilbert had been sitting in his chair so comfortably, so statuesque with his good knee crossed over the bad and his elbow on the armrest, propping his cheek up on his knuckles, that I wasn't entirely sure he was awake. He was dressed plainly in a forest-green sweater and pale collared shirt, the sleeves of both rolled up over his forearms, with a book spread open on his lap. I wondered for a split second if he minded shopping in the children's section of wherever he went for clothes. But then he looked up at the sound of Leah's voice, and a warm smile broke out over his tired features. 

"Good afternoon, Leah. And you, Shay," said Gilbert. "This is a rather pleasant surprise. Is something troubling you?"

"Uh - no," I said quickly. "I'm just... visiting with Leah."

Gilbert nodded sagely and closed his book, setting it on the end table beside his chair. Leah laid her jacket on a couch by him and sat down, and I hurried to copy her, struggling out of my jacket. Once we were both settled, Gilbert spoke again. 

"Bruno has been waiting for you, Leah."

"I know - Carrie told me," said Leah. "Is something wrong?"

Gilbert chuckled. "I don't think so. I think he misses you like a dog would miss his master." 

When Leah had shyly smiled at him, he turned his attention to me. "I am glad to see you, Shay. If I may ask, what became of your registration paperwork?"

I didn't know how exactly to respond at first. Leah looked at me expectantly. "I... Ricky found it," I mumbled. 

Leah muffled a gasp behind her hand, but Gilbert's expression remained unreadable. "And what did he do with it?" he asked calmly.

I turned my gaze down to my knitted hands, fidgeting with my thumbs. "He ripped it up," I told him, and then muttered, "Sorry."

"You have nothing to apologize for," said Gilbert, waving it away. "So. He was angry, I take it."

"Yes..."

"As I expected. I should have warned you to keep it out of his grasp. That being said, I feared doing so would make you feel as if I were trying to make you do something... deceitful."

I thought about this. "Yeah... I would probably think that," I agreed. 

"What will you do now?" he asked me.

"What do you mean?"

"Do you still wish to complete your registration?"

I looked at him, and then at Leah, who nodded encouragingly. "Sure," I said indifferently. "But I don't think I can take it home..."

"So I've come to hear," said Gilbert smoothly. "Am I right in saying you've relocated to Yorick's apartment?"

I glanced at Leah. She was looking somewhat sheepish. "Yeah. I have."

"Then you're right. I do not wish for you to take anything back to his dwelling that suggests you are associating with us in any way, Shay," Gilbert said seriously. "It will do nothing but bring you suffering. That's the last thing we want for you. You know this."

"So... what should I do?" I asked.

Instead of answering me, Gilbert turned to Leah. "Dear, could you go fetch a registration packet from the records room? I believe Tabitha is in charge today." 

"She's been neck-deep in digitizing everything this week," Leah smiled, getting up from her seat. "She'll be a treat."

I watched Leah leave us, and then looked back at Gilbert questioningly. "You want me to do it right now?"

"Why not?" he replied. "It's best to take care of this when we can. When must you return to Yorick's home today?"

"I dunno - he's working until eight. I'll probably have to be home before then."

"Plenty of time," Gilbert smiled. He sighed and folded his hands on his lap. "I am very happy you decided to return to us."

I chewed my lip. But, after a minute, I smiled weakly in response. "I think I am, too."

Gilbert nodded in satisfaction. "Are you all right? You're favoring your stomach."

"Favoring?" I hadn't even noticed... But now that he brought it up, I realized I'd been moving gingerly to avoid my piercing holes brushing my shirt. 

"Are you injured?" asked Gilbert.

"N - Well, not exactly," I laughed nervously.

Gilbert wasn't as amused. "May I see?" he asked softly.

Reluctantly, I stood up and lifted my tee halfway up my stomach. After a moment's pause, Gilbert shifted himself in his seat and leaned forward to touch a hand to my skin. I recoiled at first, both in response to his eagerness to touch me and in the somehow unexpected coldness of his fingers as they traced over the reddened pinprick scars in my belly, but I acquiesced to let him touch me, watching his expression boil into a mixture of confusion and concern. 

"What has he done to you?" Gilbert asked solemnly. 

"It's nothing serious," I said quickly. "It was just a play piercing..."

"Play piercing?"

"Yeah... He gave me a corset..."

"I'm afraid I don't understand."

"Shay is a masochist, Gil," said a lilting voice behind us, and Leah returned to her seat with a sheaf of paper in her arms. "I thought Soonhee told you about this."

"Of course she did," I said sourly. "Because my sexual preferences have to be broadcast to the whole damn world, right?"

Stubbornly I went to pull my shirt back down, but this time it was Leah's hand that grazed my stomach... Leah's delicate, gentle fingers touching each hole in me so carefully. I felt a spark ride up along my belly that had nothing to do with the pain. 

"He was really rough with this one, wasn't he?" she said quietly. "They're almost like rejection scars... He didn't give you bloodshare?"

I winced as she touched the hole by my hipbone and I finally brushed her hand away. "No," I said, smoothing out the bottom of my shirt. "He doesn't usually, anymore... Only if he takes a lot of blood."

"Leah, I'm afraid I still don't quite understand," said Gilbert. "No - Shay, you allow yourself to be hurt in this way? For pleasure?"

Here we go, I thought. I was ready to be furious with Gilbert's judgment of me, ready to kill Soonhee for mentioning it, tired of this constant disgust I faced from everyone but Ricky - so I was surprised when Leah defended me.

"Oh, Gil, it's not that abnormal," Leah sighed. "You'd be surprised how many people enjoy pain, and for most it's not even a mental rewiring sort of thing. So Shay likes being hurt. That's not the concern here."

"It's not?" I said.

"No," she said firmly, turning on me. "The problem is that you're not getting any aftercare. Those wounds are too bad to just ignore. You should know better than that."

It was strange to be admonished this way... Not for my preference, but for the way I was going about it. I didn't know what to say. Gil was silent as well, just looking rather impressed at Leah. 

"Well," Gilbert said finally, "I believe Leah's said it best. Shay, do you need those healed?"

I was about to answer, but Leah cut me off. "No," she said quickly. "Gil, you can't do that."

"Why not?" I found myself asking incredulously.

"You know why," she chided me. "You leave the house with holes in your gut and come back without them? Shay, Ricky will know you've been talking to other vampires. We're trying to protect you."

For the second time, both of us were stunned into silence before Leah. 

"Fair," Gil sighed. "Well, then. Shall we start this paperwork?"

"I think so," said Leah. She placed the packet on the coffee table in front of us and flipped to the first page, clicking her pen before handing it to me. "Do you need some help?"

"I think I got most of these," I told her. 

For a good few minutes, all we did was sit quietly as I filled out box after box with information. Two pages in, Leah was helping me complain about the depth of it all. 

"I know it's a pain," she sympathized, while Gilbert chuckled at us. 

"That's one way to put it," I snorted. "Feel like I'm filling out my own medical records. Hey - what if I don't know my blood type?"

"Well, we can take a sample to our -"

"You're AB positive."

I nearly jumped a mile at this new voice, so deep it was almost a growl. But as the door to the library slammed shut, I realized that someone had joined us. The newcomer was tall and broad and dark-haired, and this time it didn't take me long to recognize him, although he was almost a completely different person than how I knew him.

"Bruno!" said Leah happily. "Where have you been prowling all day?"

Prowling was definitely a word for it. Bruno sauntered into the library with a gait reminiscent of a stalking wolf, shoulders hunched and head held low. The rips in his jeans looked more like claw marks than anything else, and his footsteps were heavy in his boots. Despite this animalistic nature he retained, however, there was a bestial flair I had previously seen in him that seemed to be missing. Perhaps he'd been fed.

"How do you know what blood type I am?" I asked tentatively, watching him lower himself into an armchair rather uncomfortably. 

"Smell," he grunted. "Got a strong scent. Smell you from back in the hall. AB positive."

"Bruno," Leah simpered quietly, "Sit up in your seat. You're not a dog."

Bruno grumbled under his breath and glared at her, sinking lower with his arms between his knees.

Leah leaned forward in her seat and propped her chin in her hands. "If you want to act like a dog, then you will be my dog. And dogs do not belong on the furniture."

I watched Bruno's upper lip twitch so that it pulled back over his teeth threateningly. What was Leah doing? Did she want him to attack her?

But Leah, undaunted, shook her head at him. "Floor," she said firmly. "Heel. Now."

I tensed and braced myself for something horrible to happen - for Bruno to pounce, snarling and slavering, at the two blood snacks sitting on the couch opposite him. What I didn't expect was for him to tuck his head down, slink onto the floor, and crawl around the coffee table to rest at Leah's feet. But that's what he did. Satisfied, she lifted one foot and then the other and rested the heels of her pumps on the small of his back. 

I stared at Leah incredulously, and when she finally caught my eye, she blushed. "So... AB positive for blood type," she said, tapping the packet.

I wrote it down, but I couldn't stop glancing at Bruno. He was still as stone, head bowed at the floor and nearly on top of my right foot. 

"You..." I began, looking from him to Leah and back again. "Are you... okay with that?"

In answer, he snuffled at the carpet, and I jerked my foot away as if frightened he would bite my ankle. "Leah is my bridle," he muttered. "She leads me. She controls me. I will be good."

Bruno's mechanical, guttural speech was creeping me out in a bad way, but neither Gil nor Leah seemed concerned. I looked at Leah, who nodded at me slowly as if encouraging me. "So... Did you have to do this paperwork, too?" I asked him mildly.

"Gilbert did the papers," he growled. "He asked the questions. He wrote down the answers. I was locked up."

"Locked up?"

"We previously discussed Bruno's... situation, Shay," said Gilbert. "We transferred him into our custody directly from PICC."

"Pee- what?"

"Philadelphia Industrial Correctional Center," Leah whispered. "He was waiting for his sentence there."

I turned back to Gil. "How'd you get him out of there, anyway?"

"This isn't an uncommon occurrence, Shay," he replied. "Vampires who are caught killing either kill again to escape, or they end up in prison like Bruno. It goes without saying that every district's Society must have people stationed at correctional centers, federal prisons, county jails, even some in law enforcement... When a situation like Bruno's comes to light, it has to be taken care of. He has to be taken care of."

"That... sounds like a massive operation."

"Massive operation for a massive secret."

"You guys ever think about going public?" I asked. "Might not be such a pain in the ass."

At this, Gil's eyes lowered. "That would help no one," he murmured. "We are not to be accepted, Shay. No one in the Society will ever tell you they wish to be accepted by humanity."

"What... Why not?" I shot at him. "You're people. There's nothing wrong with you."

"We're killers," said Gilbert quietly. "We are killers and monsters by nature."

"You're going to tell me you're a killer? You, Gil? There's no way you've ever killed anyone."

"Wrong." Bruno's muffled, agitated voice rose up from the carpet, and his nails dug into it as his body rocked back and forth. "All killers. All murderers. All bringers of death."

"Bruno, go back to the bar," said Gil loudly. 

"Killers. Monsters. Bruno is a monster!" howled Bruno.

"Go. Now."

With a loud whimper, Bruno tore himself from under Leah's heels and crawled on his hands and knees to the double doors. I stared after him as he pushed his way out into the hall, and then at Gil. "What the fuck is wrong with you? How can you say something like that? None of you are monsters, Gil!"

But I was shocked to see that his hand was trembling on the bone handle of his cane, and he shoved himself unsteadily to his feet. Leah reached over to support him, but he shrugged her away. "You don't quite understand, do you, Shay?" he said sadly. "The Society exists to ease us through this existence. Not a single one of us would ever ask to be this way if we were given the choice again."

"What are you talking about?" I spat. "Ricky seems to like it just fine."

"Because Yorick embraces the monster in himself," Gilbert muttered darkly.

"Is that why you want him dead?" I snapped. "Because he's happy the way he is and you aren't? Because he's supposed to be miserable like you?"

Gilbert lifted his head slowly, and as his dull green eyes found me, I was awash with regret for what I'd just said. I didn't see any anger in him, no hatred, just... pity.

"This life is a curse," he said coldly. "It is a terminal illness, and the Society is the hospice that cares for us in our insanity. No matter how many call it the gift, or consider it a blessing, or crave the power it brings... There is no changing the fact that it makes monsters of us." He turned and began to slowly hobble away. "You know what we are in the sun. We're all dead. We're just in denial of that."

"Gil... Fuck, I'm sorry..."

"It's all right, Shay," he said lowly. "You didn't mean it."

The double doors snapped shut again behind him. In the ringing silence left behind, I looked helplessly at Leah, whose pale face was devoid of expression. At last, she gave me a weak smile and shook her head. 

"It's okay," she told me. "It's easy to forget how old Gil is... He's seen a lot. I think sometimes it just overwhelms him."

"I was a complete dick..."

"He won't hold it against you, Shay, I promise," Leah assured me.

I sighed through my nose and sank into the couch, staring off into space until I found the vase of flowers perched on the table not too far from us. Little purple clouds of lavender spouting up from faceted crystal like vapor trails. 

"They smell nice, don't they?" said Leah, following my gaze.

