 AN: Dear readers,

Please forgive me.

~

When I had finished with the paperwork at last, it was already five, and the sun was sinking into the jaws of the city skyline. Leah promised to submit it for me and make sure I got my little registration card... Though we both agreed that she should hold onto it, lest it be found. She was kind enough to drop me off around the corner from Ricky's apartment, but I couldn't help feeling like she looked a little sad to see me go. 

I still had work to do when I got home, so I was happy to have a couple of hours to myself. I had books that Ricky was allowing me to put on his shelves, clothes to put away in his closet, whatever. He'd even let me put my robots up on display in the living room, and there they were to greet me when I went to go sort my books. Crazy little figurines. They looked out of place in Ricky's showroom apartment. 

More than just the unpacking, I needed time alone to think, something I hadn't been spared since that morning. I sank down on the floor next to the shelf and my crate of books, only really halfheartedly organizing them. 

Why did being around Leah make me think so differently about my situation with Ricky? I constantly felt like I was being pulled in different directions around her and the Society, and yet as soon as I came back here, back to Ricky's calming presence... All of that was gone. There was nothing to think about. I belonged with him. 

And for the first time, I began to actually consider the thing that they'd been trying to convince me of: that I was being hypnotized.

Sure. Maybe, just maybe, there was more to the amazing feeling Ricky gave me when we spoke than just my attraction to him. Maybe there was a reason I found it so easy to make decisions where he was concerned. Did I want to believe that? Absolutely not. 

But hadn't I already decided that Ricky had a way of burrowing into my brain in the most incredible ways? How was that different from the idea of hypnosis?

Then again, I thought indignantly as I shoved books lackadaisy onto the shelf, it didn't change what I felt. No matter what, my feelings for Ricky were absolutely, one-hundred-percent real. I loved him. I craved him. I needed him. 

Fuck, I got hard just thinking about him!

The pressure of my cock against the seam of my jeans was agony. Hissing through my teeth, I pushed a hand between my legs and rubbed over the bulge on my thigh tenderly. God, did I want to get off. As much as I wanted it, though, I knew it'd be better to wait til Ricky got home... There hadn't been a night this past week we didn't fuck, so it wasn't like he left me wanting, especially if the corset piercing session was any indication of our sex life. I heaved myself to my feet, deciding to simply ignore my hard-on. Besides... I'd only just realized how hungry I was.

I'd borrowed Ricky's music player and had it playing some symphonic metal group on the speaker dock he kept in the kitchen while I cooked. It had been ages since I'd actually had the means to prepare a decent meal for myself, so I had to take advantage. I had chicken breast and garlic grilling in one of the brand-new copper-bottom pans and was busy tearing up kale to throw in when I heard the latch click.

"Hey," I called to the doorway over my shoulder. "I thought I'd be done with dinner before you got home."

"Well, don't stop on my account. Please, go on," came Ricky's voice. I heard a pause between the thump of his boots being dropped at the threshold. "You put your books away. Wonderful. I was wondering how long I'd have to look at those milk crates."

"They're not organized yet," I warned him as he joined me in the kitchen. "I just put them on the shelf wherever."

Ricky hummed in assent. As I stood pushing the kale and chicken around the pan, he drew himself up against my back and wound his arms around my stomach. My body stiffened, little shockwaves running up from my legs to my chest between his fingers, and the muscle of my spine went slack so that I couldn't help but lean my head back against his shoulder as he brushed his cheek and then lips against my neck. My eyes fluttered and I groaned out some mumbling noise of pleasure. Ricky's hands continued to entrap and entangle my body, pulling me hard against him.

"Ricky... fuck..."

"You smell delicious, Shay. So sweet and so tempting... Wanton, heavy-pulsed," he breathed, nosing at the hollow behind my ear as his fingers dragged up my chest and tentatively settled at my throat. "Such a wonderful aroma... Pity... It's such a pity that it's punctuated with all this lavender scent."

Enveloped in the stagnant pleasure of Ricky's presence, it was a moment before I registered his words. When I did, I realized that his fingers were still wrapped delicately around my neck. "What...?"

My next sensation was pain -- crashing, brutal pain. My back struck the opposite wall with such force that all the air was blown from my lungs, and I choked on its absence, unable to cry out as each piece of my pain came thundering into my body. The bruising impact of my shoulders. The smack of my skull on the wall. The shooting pain in each fiber of my neck muscles as Ricky's grip tightened on my trachea and pinned me there. When I was finally able to open my eyes and bring them into focus, I saw Ricky, expressionless, standing motionless over me with that cascade of black hair shrouding his high cheekbones and threatening the view of his left eye. 

"Ri -" I tried to speak but found I could just barely gasp out before I choked on my own breath. Shaking, I raised my hands to pry helplessly at Ricky's fingers. "St -" 

"How little must you think of me?" he asked dauntingly. "I tell you, over and over again, not to speak to these people. Clearly I'm only speaking to hear myself talk. Is that it?"

"St-... Hgk-"

"Is there something I didn't make apparent to you, Shay? I thought I was very clear."

"St-... St-"

My fingertips were filling with white noise. I was overcome with the strangest sensation, as if my face were swollen with icy water, and I could feel every vein behind my eyes, which struggled to stay open... Over and over my fingernails scrabbled at the prominent knuckles of Ricky's hand, digging under his fingers weakly as I desperately tried to pull him off my neck. What I could see of his face, all shadow and gleaming eyes, began to slip sideways... My head began to spin...

When I thought I was at my limit and my eyes finally lazed closed, the grip on my neck loosened and the bruising pain crashed again over my left side. I was on the floor, my body instinctively curling in on itself like a dying insect, and immediately I brought my shaking hands to my throat, sucking in air so hard and fast that I choked and began coughing violently on each breath I took. He'd let me go... Was it over? Was I okay? The music stopped, and I heard a clicking and a scrape... The copper-bottomed pan was being shifted off the burner. I'd forgotten I was even cooking. Sure enough, I smelled the beginnings of burning garlic. It didn't matter... I was breathing now... I pressed a hand to my chest and coughed again, blinking hard to clear my vision. 

My respite seemingly over, Ricky returned to me and pushed me onto my back on the floor. Instantly I raised my arms around my neck and face, trying to curl up again, but he knelt over me, straddled me, and forcibly pulled my arms away, pinning them by my sides. The shadow of his body loomed over me and eclipsed the kitchen light, and his eyes flashed in warning. A shudder ran the length of my body and urged a whimper from my lips. 

"Do I frighten you, Shay?" he whispered. 

Unsure of how to answer, or whether to answer at all, I panted wordlessly and looked from one bright eye to the other as if seeking some way of escape. "I..."

"Are you afraid of me?"

Gulping down air and oncoming tears, I shook my head furiously.

The grip on my arms relented gingerly. "Do you fear me?"

"No," I groaned out. "No... No..."

"Should you? Because perhaps you would listen to me if you did," he continued calmly. "Perhaps we wouldn't be where we are right now, and I wouldn't have to punish you, if you were afraid of disobeying me."

"I didn't... I didn't disobey..."

"Then what do you call this, Shay?" he sighed, shaking his head. 

"I d-don't -"

A fresh round of pain broke out across my face, and I choked out. Ricky struck me. My right cheek stung as if I'd been electrocuted, and my eyes burned as tears welled up in them. With my arm released I threw it up to shield my face and found that my hand was shaking horribly. Ricky seized my wrist, pulled it away, and struck me across the other cheek.

"Stop!" I gasped. "Please... Ricky, please stop... I'm sorry!"

"You're sorry," he hissed back. "Why does that sound so familiar? You were sorry that you disobeyed me the first time, and the second, and again. And yet here we are, and you're sorry for disobeying me. This word has no meaning to me now."

The tears that obscured my vision were heating and streaming down my stinging cheeks in anger now, and I blinked them away furiously, and my voice burst forth in strangled cry. "You can't keep me away from my friends!" 

"Friends!" Ricky barked, and a guttural laugh rose up in his throat. When I was finally able to look up, he was smirking, silver eyes glimmering. "Who are you calling your friends? You're so very precious, Shay, thinking than any one of them cares about you."

"They do... They do care..."

"No," he murmured solemnly. "They don't. They are sickened by you, just like your family, just like everyone in the life I rescued you from. Just like Karen. Just like Emily."

"That's... no -"

"You are nothing to them. You're a sick and twisted person, and I promise you, if you had heard the things that they said behind your back, you would never think of betraying me for them."

I squeezed my eyes shut, so sure that I couldn't hear him if I just blocked him out... I didn't want to listen... This wasn't real... But every word Ricky said dropped down my throat into my belly like frigid rain, and slowly I became aware of a coldness welling up from within me, spreading through my chest, through my limbs... I was trembling fiercely, and whimpers, sobs, gurgled up from inside my throat. Gasping and blind with tears, I opened my mouth to speak... 

And cried in earnest.

Ricky gently released my arms, and I brought my shaking hands to my face to wipe the mess from my eyes, but it showed no sign of stopping. My body was racked with sobbing, even as Ricky brought his hands beneath my shoulders and drew me up from the floor into his arms. He laid my trembling face against the cold curve of his neck, ran his fingers through my hair, stroked my twitching back, breathed soft shushes into my ear. 

"My beloved, my precious little ruin," he whispered. "I will love you, now and forever. You don't sicken me."

"I-I... d-don't s-s..."

"I adore you. I cherish you. Of course I don't despise you for what you are... My poor, disgusting thing. I see the beauty in your pain that no one else could."

And at this it all gushed out. My body slackened in Ricky's arms, my shivering hands climbing his back for support, my chest heaving with the weight of my crying, and all the while he kept stroking me, holding me tightly and kissing the nape of my neck. 

"Hush, now," he told me softly. "It isn't so bad, is it?"

I hiccuped quietly, squeezing folds in Ricky's shirt. As I steadied my breath, warm comfort washed over me in waves like August heat, and I exhaled tremulously. Ricky pulled me from himself gingerly and pressed his icy lips to the corners of my reddened eyes, one and then the other. 

"There you are," he crooned. "Come. Upstairs, now."

Ricky rose catlike from the floor and guided me unsteadily up with him. I found myself holding onto his arm for support, and he took the opportunity to seize my hand and lead me out of the kitchen and up to the stairs. 

"Ricky..." I swallowed another oncoming hiccup and held more tightly to to his arm as I followed his path up the stairs with difficulty, his strides taking him two and three steps at a time. "Why... What are we -"

"Bedroom," he said at the top of the stairs, and he gave me a light shove in its direction. "Go."

Sex? Now? I felt my face flushing with heat. Yes... I had wanted to have sex with Ricky earlier that day, before he had even gotten home... I'd wanted it so fucking badly. Now? I didn't know. My mind was a blur and I felt sick to my stomach. 

"Ricky... I don't know if -"

Before I could finish my thought, Ricky closed the distance between us in one step and seized my mouth in his, holding my burning, still stinging cheeks in his hands. My mind emptied. I shivered and tried to touch him in return, but he turned me around forcefully and gave me another, more urgent shove into the bedroom. Obediently I backed in and pushed myself up onto the bed. 

Satisfied, Ricky ushered himself in after me and very nearly slammed the door shut behind him. I jumped at the noise. As I watched him step over to me, pulling his black tee off and over his head in a single fluid motion, I was enraptured and simultaneously paralyzed. 

"Undress yourself," said Ricky. 

I opened my mouth, struggling to find words, to find breath to speak. "I don't... Ricky..."

But Ricky gave me no quarter. "I said, undress," he growled, and without waiting for me to respond, he dug his fingers into the collar of my shirt and yanked so swiftly that the cotton could do little else but give. With a loud popping and tearing, the shirt ripped wide, and before I could cry out in dissent, Ricky's hands went down, down, rending the fabric all the way to my waist until it hung a tattered vest. 

"My shirt -!"

"- Is just a shirt," he spat, and ignoring my weak protests, he pulled me free of the remnants of my tee. "Don't make me rip your jeans off, too."

I had absolutely no doubt in my mind about Ricky's ability to rip through denim. As I squirmed on the bed, kicking myself out of my jeans and boxer briefs, Ricky walked the length of the bed and drew back the left side of the canopy with him. I found myself winding my shaking arms around myself almost protectively as I watched him. 

"Where should I open you?" he asked quietly, though he didn't meet my eyes. He pulled himself languidly, gracefully onto the bed beside me and traced a sharp nail over my sternum. "I'll need to hurt you badly, Shay. You're in want of punishing."

I felt my breath strain to pick up in my lungs, and felt my heartbeat thrumming like a rabbit's. Finally I found my voice again. "Punishing...?"

"Oh, yes," he sighed. "As much as I would love to forget your transgression, you still disobeyed me, Shay, and endangered us both in the process. But," he added, his mouth spreading wide in a grin, "it won't be so terrible after all, will it? It'll hurt so wonderfully."

A strand of electricity licked its way up through my stomach and tightened my throat so that, in response, I could only croak out and shake my head. 

Ricky sighed again and drew his face close to mine, and I felt his cold lips brushing my cheekbone, felt his frigid breath in my ear raising a prickle down my spine. His arm wound underneath me and around my waist and pinned me to his side, and all the while his fingers stroked idly at the soft, bare skin beneath my ribcage on the right side, below the pounding of my heart. 

I opened my mouth and merely whimpered, and Ricky silenced me with his lips. His mouth seized mine, his tongue parting my teeth and pressing his kiss deeper within me. I could taste the cold of his mouth all the way in the back of my throat.

This... felt good.

No... I didn't feel good.

I wanted him...

I wanted to get away from him.

The strange, unnameable feeling was returning to me, the strange color, the sickness that swelled up in my stomach and frothed with the euphoria inside me. Something in me was... stirring. 

The hand that was not holding my waist began to travel my body, tracing the black nails from my neck to my chest and down, down... As if Ricky had extended his claws like a cat's, I felt them scratch and prick at my skin in intervals, in long lines and nicks across my skin. His mouth followed, kissing me delicately from my throat to the hollow of my chest where my ribs convened. This... This was my punishment...? I wouldn't mind this... I was going to be okay... I let my head fall back on the pillow and I moaned sleepily, feeling the ice of Ricky's lips pressing along the curve of my ribs...

And then his teeth gored into my side.

Instantly my body went rigid. My mouth opened to scream, and my throat closed up to silence me. The blunt pain of his bite shocked through me from end to end, deeper and sharper than I had ever remembered. I felt Ricky's teeth slicing through my fat and muscle, the noise as close to crunching as the softness of my belly allowed, and almost instantly I felt something wet and warm spreading underneath of me... Bleeding. Into and around his mouth I was bleeding. So deep was the wound that he seemed to drink only half of what poured out of me, and the rest pooled under me, seeping through the sheets and into the bedding...

"Ricky -!" Sensation returning to my limbs, I seized him by his hair and tried to pull him away from me, and though my strength was nowhere near enough to budge him, he lifted his face from my wound and turned to face me instead, and he cocked back his arm -

THWACK!

My vision was consumed with a flash of white, my ears ringing as if a bell had been struck in my head, and when it all ebbed away I felt the pain stinging back to life in my face, in my cheek, around my right eye, in the bridge of my nose, and on my tongue where I tasted copper... I coughed and spat blood. I drew a blind hand to my face and felt something wet around my eye... Finally I dared to look up and saw Ricky patiently watching me, his mouth and chin streaked with scarlet. As I stared, his tongue ran along his upper lip and licked up what blood it found. My stomach turned.

"Do it again," he threatened me. "Do it again, Shay, and I promise the next will be much harder. Keep your hands down!"

As he spoke, the sensation came back to me in full, and I felt a throbbing pain flowing into my cheek and out of the wound in my side. I was still bleeding. I pressed my hand to the gaping hole, feeling the deep crescent of Ricky's bite that separated my flesh. The pain raged anew with my pressure. I whimpered loudly. 

"Ricky," I gasped, my voice trembling. "This is too much... Th-the bleeding... I n-need to..."

"Does it hurt?" he asked gently. "Have I hurt you badly, Shay?"

I gritted my teeth and nodded furiously. 

He smiled sympathetically, his eyes softening, and he leaned over me again, drawing his face close as if to kiss me... I felt his hand touching the back of mine, the hand that was trying to stop up the incision in my side... He lifted my hand away carefully. He was going to help -

His fingers dug into the seam of my wound. Unthinking, I yelled.

"If you still have breath to complain, then I have not hurt you enough," said Ricky coldly. 

"Ricky -- no -- hematoma! HEMATOMA!" I screamed.

But Ricky ignored me. He twisted his index and middle finger into the hole, and I no longer felt the pain, no longer felt what it was doing to me, only felt that it was incapacitating me at all... I could hear the flow of my breathing rushing in my ears, felt my heartbeat thundering against my ribs, but everything else was like... trying to feel for something through a blanket. I could feel that the pain was there, definitely there... All over me, inside me, working tremors through my body, and yet I couldn't feel it.
