 "More..."

"Again?"

"Please... More..."

In the coming days, perhaps weeks, I was insatiable. I rarely left Ricky's bed, and took meals between lovemaking only when my stomach whimpered its protests at me, was torn away only by the slavery of my human body's needs. Blind to day and night by the heavy curtains shielding me from the windows, I slept when I had spent myself to exhaustion and by no other schedule. Every moment that I was not touching Ricky felt wasted.

With a soft groan, Ricky rolled over and heaved himself up against the headboard, running his fingers through his hair and regarding me with amusement. I must have been a sight, splayed out a mess with one leg tangled in the sheets and my face flushed, clutching at his hips. It was hard to believe that even once, we had ever been the same species. I panted laboriously into Ricky's icy skin, my hands shaking with the dregs of our passion, and he was still and calm no matter how many times we coupled.

"You don't need a rest?" he asked me.

"I'm fine," I replied weakly.

"I can't go again now, Shay."

"Ricky, your stamina's endless... Come on."

"My stamina, yes. And my hunger."

"More blood?" I breathed.

His eyes sparkled in response, his lips curling into a lascivious smile. He needed no further word. His hand flicked to me, and I obeyed. He helped me drag myself over him, to drape my body onto his and lay my neck, bruised and faintly gouged already, against his beseeching mouth. The familiar twinge of his fangs urged a gurgling cry from my throat. 

I no longer cared how many times he drank from me. I needed to give him everything, to feed him, to feed the flame with which he consumed my aching sex. 

My head spinning, Ricky broke from my neck and pressed his lips to mine, a pin of blood between our tongues. The static was still in my fingertips when he hauled me back up onto himself, using his hips and hands to guide me to my rightful place. Drunkenly, half-crazed, I pushed a hand between my legs and, with a moment's struggle, eased him into me once more. With barely any time to return to its pallid chill, Ricky's body was flame and magma, engulfing me like paper, his every finger's stroke scorching my skin and melting me inside. I was drowning in my own sweat, breathing as if through a strangled throat and working my own body onto him with every muscle I had. I was exhausted, desperate to finish just one more time... I needed him, everything he could give... His brimstone claws rending my back, his teeth bared in salacious snarling, the buck of his hips boring into my own til I could feel them bruising...

I felt Ricky's name crawling up my throat in protest of my coming orgasm. When at last I found my sore release and let loose my voice, the syllables tumbled from my tongue in an incoherent, rasping whimper. The taut string of my spine unraveled and I fell, what felt like forever, until Ricky's blazing arms caught me and pulled me to him again, loosing his sex from within me and eliciting a groan from my numb mouth.

When the blood had stopped pounding in my ears, I found Ricky stroking my hair, watching me with a placid smile. "Again?" he whispered, taking a nip at my cheek.

I moaned out, bringing a shaking hand to my neck. I wanted it... My brain and heart cried for it... But my body was weak, and every muscle in me had given up. "No," I said finally. "I... I'm done. I can't... go again."

"Pity," he muttered forlornly, a playful note in his voice. He pulled back the hand in my hair and ran his fingers across my sweat-streaked chest, and I exhaled shakily with his touch. "I suppose your human body had to have its limit at some point, didn't it?"

I let my eyes close and lay still, enjoying Ricky's gentle strokes as he soothed my pounding chest. The exhaustion was finally setting in. I had never realized how heavy my body was. All hundred and seventy pounds of me was dragging itself towards the earth, and my brain wasn't coming with it. Ricky pressed his lips to mine, his flesh slowly draining of my warmth, and I moaned into his kiss. 

"We wouldn't have to stop," he went on, idly thumbing the perspiration from my forehead. "If you had fewer needs to cater to, Shay, then we could do this all the time. Wouldn't you like that?"

I tried to open my eyes and found that they were out of focus, uncooperative with each other. All of a sudden my mouth felt papery. "I think I'm thirsty," I said weakly.

"Another human need to tend," Ricky chuckled. He sat up from me and reached to the bedside table. Empty plastic water bottles already littered it like forgotten monuments. Ricky found one that was still unopened and twisted off the top, offering it to me. I tried to hold it, found this too difficult, and allowed Ricky to tip water into my open mouth, clumsily gulping it down as if I had never had it before. 

"What was that about... fewer needs?" I managed to say as I wiped my chin. 

Ricky's silvery eyes sparkled, his smile broadening. "I've given you the choice before, haven't I, Shay?" he said. "Have you thought about it? My gift."

Now strengthened, I took the water bottle from Ricky and drank from it on my own, slowly trying to make sense of his hints. I exhaled throatily after a long draft, and tipsily pushed the bottle back onto the bedside table. It was at some point when I was settling back onto the warm, damp sheets that I realized what he was talking about.

"You... You mean about turning me?" 

In answer, Ricky held my cheeks and kissed me, and I drowned in his affection. 

"I've thought about little else lately, Shay," he smiled, trailing kisses along my cheekbones, my temples, my brow. "I think about how every day ages you further, how every morning you are dragged further away from me by the promise of death... How I long to show you the fullness of my adoration, and how your brittle body prevents me. I can't make love to you the way I want to."

A chill burrowed down through my chest and into my belly. A wanton pull, a need. "Why can't you...?"

Ricky laughed softly and shook his head, his tousled hair falling from his shoulders in rolling waves. "My darling Shay... I'm too strong. I have to handle you like a butterfly when I stick my pins through you. You've felt but a sliver of my power. If I fucked you the way I wish I could, I would break you beyond repair."

I was suddenly torn between fear and desire. Despite all I had done... I still did not have all of Ricky. I wanted him, everything he could give me. I was sore, already near broken after our nigh endless passion... And yet here was some of Ricky's love I would never have... Unless...

But the word "gift" had stirred something in my mind.

[i]Not a single one of us would ever ask to be this way if we were given the choice again.[/i] 

"I want you to think about it more seriously, Shay," Ricky went on, breaking me out of my thoughts. "I want you to think about us, where you want this to go between us... I've given you everything I have except this."

It was hard to keep looking into Ricky's eyes. The silver shine of his irises was incandescent, beautiful... I felt like I was falling as I gazed into them. Finally I squeezed my eyes shut and shook my head, pinching the bridge of my nose as I forced the vertigo from my brain. "Ricky... If I... if I turn... And become a vampire like you..." I hesitated, seeking the right words. "Where would you... I mean... We wouldn't be able to have sex unless you drank blood from me..."

"Mm?"

"Well, if I were a vampire, you couldn't drink from me... And I'd need blood, too..."

"I managed without you before, Shay," Ricky smiled indulgently.

His voice told me this should reassure me. For a moment a wave of calm overcame me, but it was immediately replaced by coherent thought, a cold thought that didn't sit well in my stomach. "But... aren't you talking about getting blood from other people...?"

Ricky's smile faded and he raised his eyebrows, his eyes suddenly losing their gleam. "I take it you don't like the idea," he said softly. "But be that as it may, it's a necessity... And it doesn't always need to be from a living source. There are plenty of ways to nourish the body. And plenty of ways to be intimate without penetration."

I thought. Or tried to think. Just having Ricky there with me was like swimming in liquor. I couldn't connect parts of my brain to each other, was beginning to have trouble even seeing straight. Slowly, I pulled my mind together.

Did I want to be a vampire? I had never really given it a serious consideration. Maybe because the idea just seemed too outlandish - not of vampirism itself, but of me being a vampire. Me? A cold-blooded, beautiful incubus of a man like Ricky? The image was impossible to form in my head. 

"I... I'll think about it."

"I've given you time to think," said Ricky impatiently.

"I'll think some more," I told him, laying myself back on the pillows. "I swear... I promise I will."

Ricky straightened his mouth and laid himself beside me, one arm under his head and the other across my chest. "Do you love me?" he asked suddenly.

I looked at him in surprise, taken aback. "Y... Yeah," I said, not really unsure of the answer but of how to word it. "Of course I do. I've said -"

"But you want me to be alone," he said quietly. 

I stared at him, my mouth half-open. "What? What do you -"

"You want me to watch you," he continued, his eyelids lowering in what seemed like indignance, "as you grow old and die, Shay. That's what will happen. I'll have to watch as the beauty and the strength drip away from your body, and you fade away from me with each passing day. Is that what you want? To leave me as slowly and painfully as you can?"

"Ricky!" I gasped, and I could feel the cold creeping into my face. "No! You know that's not what I want, but... come on... That's a huge decision. I can't just make it on the fly."

But Ricky had seemingly ignored me, and he was leaning over me, planting soft, coaxing kisses on my jawline. "You're at your absolute prime right now, Shay," he whispered. "If I turn you now... I'll lock you into that youthful body, that stocky build, forever. I'll never have to look back on what you once were. What will three years, five years steal from you?" 

"Ricky... Come on..."

He drew away from me and looked me over, as if considering his approach. "I'll give you time," he said. "But not much. Tomorrow, Shay. Think, and answer me."

Without giving me any further reason, Ricky rolled himself off the bed and stretched his arms upwards, glancing back at me as if anticipating my answer at that exact moment. I knew I couldn't fight him on this... I bit my lip and nodded. "Tomorrow... I'll have an answer tomorrow..."

"Good. Get some rest," he said. 

I needed no invitation. I lay back my head and closed my eyes. 

~

When I woke up the next day, at the crack of noon, I discovered Ricky was gone. For a wild moment I thought that maybe, just maybe, he had decided to give me up and move on to something new. I wasn't going to give in to his demands, so why bother? But he'd left everything he owned, same as the previous night, and nothing looked like it was gone. Just his outside gear. I sat up and tried to roll the soreness out of my shoulders, feeling the fullness of our tryst for the first time. It was true that if I didn't take Ricky's offer, I would come to know many more mornings like this. 

I put on a pair of underwear just to walk around the house in, and traveled downstairs to sate the clawing hunger in my gut. In the kitchen, I found a note on the counter in Ricky's elegant hand.

[i]Good morning. Eat well and think about your choice. I am out settling things with the studio. I will be back this afternoon.

I love you. - Ricky.[/i]

Settling things with the studio... did he mean Inkjet? Ricky had been showing more and more signs of disdain for his employment, but never mentioned any desire to seek other opportunities. Then again, I thought as I searched the fridge for something easy to eat, he didn't really need a job, did he? Supposedly this apartment, all his worldly things, had been sponsored by multiple lifetimes of savings. Must be nice. But I was sharing in that now... And I would forever if I agreed to be like him.

I did whatever I could to distract myself from the decision I had to make. I ate slowly, picking individual freeze-dried strawberries out of my cereal. I took a long shower and thought shower thoughts, stupid ones. I reorganized my movies according to Ricky's algorithm, by genre, then alphabetically. Finally, with the winter sun showing a threat of setting at only two in the afternoon, I settled myself down in Ricky's studio, the only place I found could stir a thoughtful process in me at the moment. 

Maybe this would go better if I could make a pro and con list. It worked as well as anything else. I sat down at the slanted desk where Ricky had drawn my tattoo and took out a piece of paper and one of his less expensive-looking pens. What were the good and bad points of accepting Ricky's offer...

Pro. I would be with Ricky forever.

Con. I was confused about whether I wanted that anymore.

Pro. Ricky could do whatever he wanted to me painwise, and I would never fear death.

Con. I had limits, and I wasn't sure that being immortal would get rid of them.

Pro. I would be immortal.

Con. I had never thought that was ever a good idea. Life would get boring after a couple hundred years. I hated watching trends change between this decade and the last, how would I even keep up with the fashion of the 2050's and beyond?

Another con. I, like Ricky, would be an outlaw of the Society.

And another. I didn't want to live on human blood.

I would never be able to reconcile with the family and friends I had abandoned.

I would never have anyone except Ricky.

I would be reliant on Ricky.

I would need Ricky.

That was what Ricky wanted.

I looked at my list in a daze, realizing that the thoughts were becoming disjointed and intelligible. The majority of it was now Ricky's name. Ricky was the reason I wanted to turn. Ricky was the reason I didn't want to turn. He was the reason for everything, the good and the bad, everything about my life now. And I did not want to give him this control... This last sliver of myself. My humanity. I would hold onto it. It was my lifeline. Maybe, if I held tight enough to it, Ricky and I could have a normal life one day... But that would never happen if I turned.

It was still some time before I got up from the desk and stopped looking at my list. I only stirred because I heard the door open and close downstairs. I glanced at the open door of the studio and crumpled up the list - there was no reason for Ricky to see it. 

I heard Ricky call my name and I went out in the hallway to go find him, but he was already coming up the wrought-iron spiral staircase, having found me absent downstairs. He smiled at me, a wind-blown tousle in his hair and a silvery glint in his eyes, and a black canvas portfolio bag over his shoulder. "You seem well-rested," he remarked. "Have you eaten?"

"Yeah," I told him. "I ate something this morning... well, noon."

He chuckled and brushed past me to the studio, dropping the portfolio just inside the doorway, where it landed with a soft thud and a clatter of metal. I followed him nervously, looking at the bag. 

"What's that stuff?" I asked.

"My equipment," replied Ricky, now moving to do something at the slanted desk. Here he hesitated and moved the pen I'd borrowed back to its rightful place, but he said nothing. "And my reference books. Materials."

"From Inkjet?"

"It doesn't need to be there anymore," he said, and he turned to me. "I've left Inkjet. My life as a tattoo artist is over now. I was only there until I got bored, or until something came of it. And something did come of it." 

I looked at him somewhat reproachfully. "What's that?" 

Ricky smiled and walked back to me, tracing his fingers under my jaw. "You, obviously," he said. 

I returned his smile, feeling my face growing hot, and I held Ricky's hand against my face - but he pulled it away, his expression hardening slightly. 

"Have you been thinking?" he asked. "I still want your answer, Shay. I am..." He paused, seemingly seeking the right word. "... Eager. To rid you and I of the barrier between us."

I bit my lip, casting my eyes down as I, too, tried to find the words to give him. "Yeah," I said quietly. "I thought about it... A lot."

Ricky raised his brow, anticipating. "...And?"

After a moment of consideration, I lifted my eyes back to his. The silver gleam in them caught me off guard, as it always seemed to anymore... But I held fast. I had made my decision, and I was going to stick to it.

"I'm not going to turn."

Ricky watched me carefully, as if expecting me to say more. When I didn't, his eyelids lowered. "That's your choice?" he asked me softly.

I stiffened a little... But I didn't hear anger in Ricky's voice. I didn't have to be afraid. "Yeah," I told him. "I... I don't want to be immortal. I like the way we are right now. I know that you said it'd be painful... watching me grow older... But... I love you, Ricky. And you're already way older than I'll ever be. And maybe I'll change my mind one day... who knows. But right now..." I swallowed and smiled at him, my mouth trembling. "I want to stay human."

I almost expected Ricky to scream, to boil over and demand that I reconsider. Indeed, the corner of his mouth twitched ever so slightly as he looked me over... But he was calm. He smiled back at me, and slowly, gently, he pulled me into a tight embrace, caressing my back and cradling my head against his shoulder. I shivered and held him to me, loving his every touch. After a minute, he pulled me back and kissed me, deep and long, stealing the breath from my lungs in passion.

When at last he broke our kiss, he was still smiling. "You're very brave, Shay," he said. "That was a difficult thing to tell me, wasn't it?"

"Yeah," I admitted breathlessly. All the tension and fear was melting away. Ricky didn't hate me for my decision... we were going to be fine. "Ricky... I'm so glad..."

"Don't fret," he said. "Come. Let's lie down together."

I, still in only my underwear, let Ricky in his jeans and t-shirt guide me from the studio, one of his hands on the small of my back and the other tracing the hallway banister, which melted seamlessly into that gorgeous staircase. I was so relaxed all of a sudden... It had gone far better than I could have imagined. To think all I had to do was be honest with him... To tell him how I felt. There was nothing between us. 

Halfway down the hall, Ricky lingered, still holding me at the base of my spine. "Shay," he said slowly. "Have you really made your decision? Absolutely, with no uncertainty?"

I grinned at him, moving to lean myself against his chest and kiss his cheek, my hand meeting his on the banister. "Yeah. You have no idea how it feels... to have that off my chest. Ricky... I'm so glad you don't hate me."

Ricky pecked me on the cheek in return, his free hand now trailing along my arm, the fingers wrapping around my bicep. "Why would I ever hate you, Shay? I told you. I love you." 

His lips brushed against my cheekbone, touching the pierced shell of my ear. 

"I will love you forever."

And the cold hand tightened upon my arm and pulled me, pushed me.

Over the banister.

Over the staircase.

Down, down.

I fell.