 AN: I'm sorry. It's almost over. This is the worst. Just bear with me. I have to finish this. Thank you so much.

I was still. 

For what seemed forever, I felt nothing, heard nothing, saw nothing. Slowly, a bubble of air worked its way up from my lungs and stirred my body along its path, and I coughed. Wet, throaty cough. And my coughing jump-started the pain.

Every twitch of my body was fire. I didn't know where the pain was coming from, what inside me was causing it. All I knew was that agony was wrapping my body up like a freezing blanket. I felt another cough coming up and tried to swallow it back, but it expanded my chest, burst through my taut throat and aching jaw. Again, and again, bringing something up with it, dragging something out from inside me. 

I had fallen hard. It was beginning to occur to me what had happened in the frozen moments of my fall, few and far between though they were. It had not been a long journey, but in the scant seconds of it I had done everything wrong. My right leg had caught the staircase, and my shoulder and chest had taken the brunt of it all. I was on my front, my legs out of line with my spine, face turned to the side. Again, I coughed, and this time something spilled out from the corner of my mouth. I tasted copper. 

Somewhere above me, or perhaps below, a metallic thud sounded. And again. And again. The footsteps continued down the staircase, slow and deliberate. My eyes were just barely coming back into focus, but all I saw was the line of the baseboards reaching north to south before me. Louder than ever, the footsteps slowed and stopped just behind me. Cold fingers brushed my cheek, and then Ricky took me by one shoulder and made to turn me.

My brain told me it wasn't normal for this little action to cause me such unbearable pain, but it did. Fire and thorn broke across my chest and my side as Ricky turned me over, and I let out a gurgling yell in protest. It felt like I had just rolled in razor wire. Ricky left me half-turned and clicked his tongue.

"It's so easy to forget how delicate you are," he murmured, somehow more to himself than to me. "Let's see now. What have we here?"

I tried to shake my head, to give any indication at all of my distress, as if I needed further show. Ricky ignored it all and dug his hand under my side, around my chest, and without realizing it I screamed. Pain, white-hot and unbearable, shot up under his fingers and deep inside me. 

"Broken ribs. Your leg's most likely broken, too, with the way it's sticking out. Well, that's enough, at least. I was wondering if I'd have to further incapacitate you. But this will do."

You threw me.

I wanted to shout it. I wanted anger to overtake me and carry me up from the floor. But there was none, just choking, paralyzing fear in the fissures of my bones. I couldn't move. I couldn't push away, couldn't run, couldn't even yell. 

Ricky gently tilted my face up to look at him, and though I tried to close my eyes and hide him from me, his serene expression, his cold and calm eyes captured me. He drew his thumb along my bottom lip, tracing the blood that dribbled from my mouth. 

"I wish you had only just agreed, Shay," he said softly, and a smile twitched onto his face for a moment. "But... I suppose seeing you endure this kind of damage just one last time was worth it."

"Ricky," I gasped, finding the remnants of breath in my lungs, "I... need help. I need... t-to go to the h-hos -"

"Hospital?"

"Kh... Ricky... Please!"

"You don't need a hospital," he replied placidly. "Your body will heal. Everything will. I promised you."

His frame came over me and he knelt, on his hands and knees, prostrate across my twisted figure. His hair drew around my face as he pressed his mouth over mine, and I felt his tongue pulling the blood from my lips. I gave out an inhuman squawk and tried to escape his freezing kiss, but even turning my neck was agony. Sensing my struggle, Ricky wound his arms around me -- the right beneath my shoulders, the left entwining me behind the knees -- and I was lifted.

Gravity protested my leaving, and as if invisible wire was bound to every joint inside me, pain ripped across my entire form. I felt ligament against tendon, felt the blinding numbness of my twisted leg, felt my lungs heaving out against their splintered room. This time, I couldn't scream. I had no other option but to allow Ricky to cradle me against his chest, carrying me somewhere. My head and eyes were spinning. Finding purchase in my throat, I groaned wetly, but was hushed with a somber whisper. The judder of the staircase below us sent jolts along my skeleton, little bursts of cold through my frame. If this kept going, I knew I was going to faint...

I welcomed oblivion to get me out of this collapsing body.

But it didn't come. Instead, Ricky laid me down into something soft -- something that nevertheless brought no relief to my steadily bruising shell. Bed. I was in bed. I panicked. I didn't want to be here.

Deaf to, or perhaps in defiance of, my struggle, Ricky sat beside me calmly and began to trace a hand over my bare chest, quickly finding every spot where my ribs had given way. There was a look of aloof admiration in his eyes as he examined me. I interrupted him with another moan of pain.

"You'll be mended soon," he said softly. "This isn't nearly so bad, you know. It was only one floor. Don't you love this? You must be drowning right now. Let's see if I can excite you."

I panted, feeling cold sweat brimming over my chest. I tried to shake my head. "No... Ricky, no... I don't want... I don't want it... I don't want it."

But Ricky's fingers were slipping into my waistband and burrowing around my sex, and as if trained I felt the familiar swell and pulse against his hand. I groaned louder in protest, my eyes tearing up. Get me out... Out of this body...

Ricky chuckled in satisfaction and released my hardening organ, instead bringing his hand up to my neck, my face. "Your body is so much more honest than you are, Shay," he simpered. "I could play with you for hours this way. But I'll be kind. I've waited so long to turn you."

Again, I shook my head, biting down on my lip to brace myself against the weakness that threatened to take me under. "Let me go... I don't want it... Just let me go..."

"You'll die if I don't turn you now," said Ricky gently, an edge to his voice that hadn't been there a second ago. "Your lungs are filling with blood. If that doesn't kill you, the sepsis from your leg will. If you want to live, you'll take this from me."

If I could get help, I'd be okay... I had to keep reminding myself of this. Ricky was not my only way out. But who could even help me? I couldn't call for anyone. I didn't have enough in me to yell, and even if I could, no one would hear me. Even if they did... What chance did anyone have against Ricky? 

So my only choice was to turn or to die.

And I had to think... Which did I honestly prefer?

Ricky stole me from my thoughts with his lips, deep kisses stirring me from the darkness creeping in on all sides of my eyes. I wasn't going to get a choice. I whimpered and choked out an incomprehensible noise, blood bubbling into my mouth again. 

"Relax for me," Ricky whispered, his lips never truly leaving mine in their movement. "Be strong. Hold to me, Shay. I'll not drag it out too long."

And Ricky now straddled my waist, one hand holding my jaw and the other around my shoulders, opening my neck to him. In a last, hopeless attempt, I bucked against him, groaning louder than ever, but he braced my throat along his face and kept me still.

And his fangs -- his fangs -- thrust into my flesh.

I felt Ricky's teeth deeper inside me than ever. Tissue, tendon, all broke beneath his bite, and there was no hesitation before I began to bleed for him. My mouth opened as if to let me scream, but no noise came. Instead, I heard a low growl of pleasure vibrating up through my own body, through my neck from the outside. The draw of my blood dragged its way through my chest, my hips, the low of my frame. It was slow and yet impossible to keep up with -- every mouthful of my blood that Ricky took seemed to be tenfold his usual. My head was spinning before the cold reached my fingertips. The swallow of his throat was heavy and near deafening inside me. 

He was taking everything I had. He had to. 

The pain of my bruising picked up as my breath accelerated, my lungs trying to pull every bit of oxygen from me, and yet this too melted from me. A shaking, numb hand crawled its way up Ricky's arm -- I knew it was mine, but I felt nothing, nothing but a white noise in my bones. Everything I touched was the same. The soft bedsheets below me became pinpricks and buzzing silence. The pillows that cradled my upper half turned into thorny fuzz. One by one, my senses left, with ringing and blur in their absence, until I had nothing but the pound of empty vein in my ears and the whitewashed porthole of my vision... I was dying. 

Ricky tore himself from my neck, but my wound did not bleed. There was nothing left. I saw him sway over me, drunk, torso heaving, scarlet swathing his mouth and throat. He moaned aloud, his noise echoing inside me. His eyes were unfocused. The black velvet of his hair hung in his face, and he did not move it. Unsteadily, he grasped my face in his hands and painted my cheeks with his bloody lips, searching for my mouth. 

"Take," he gasped, his voice thick and swollen. "Drink..."

I had no fight left in me. My lips moved as if to close, but they parted easily for his. His jaws locked around mine, and I tasted myself, the familiar tang of my blood. 

And then Ricky's body convulsed against me, and roiling heat burst against my throat.

If I did not have the fight to stop it, then I had not the strength to take what he gave. The blood spat up through my sinuses and out my nose. Immediately the flow ceased, as Ricky must have realized the trouble, for his clumsy hand now gripped my neck and pushed, seeking a path to open. Involuntarily, I swallowed... and again... and again... I felt I had gone unconscious for at least a little while, but when sense returned to me, I felt my belly distending, my veins filling with razor and poison, and yet I was awash in a warmth that was sickeningly comforting. Ricky hefted himself off of me, still uneasy and somehow breathless. The quiet around me was suddenly very clear. The static no longer rattled my fingertips and the ends of my feet. But neither could I hold anything in precise assurance. 

Was I dead after all? Had it failed? As if to answer me, Ricky faced me and placed a trembling hand on my breast, smiling. "And now," he said in a hoarse tone, "we wait."

I closed my eyes and mouthed soundlessly. My body was so heavy. I felt I could sleep forever. And yet... something deep inside me was starting to make its move. My arteries were alight with a low, deep hum, the only motion in my still corpse. I was strangely aware of the absence of heartbeat, of breath, of the shift of my entrails and the once-present boil of the blood in my stomach. 

Beside me, Ricky sat up and faced the wall, his hands gripping the edge of the bed. His arms were shaking ever so slightly as he kept himself upright. For what seemed like ages, he was silent. His head was bowed, shoulders hunched and moving as he breathed... And then he shook back his hair and looked up, sparing me a glance. 

"Why did you make that so difficult?" he rasped. "You fought me so hard, for so long... When I alone have loved you. I alone have indulged you. I, only I, have cherished you despite all your hideousness."

I couldn't shut him out. I closed my eyes, but through the fog of my brain Ricky's words pierced me, in that beautiful, strangely weak voice.

"But... I forgive you," Ricky muttered, and I heard something like clicking... the clatter of his teeth in an unsteady mouth. "Because still I love you. It's because I love you that I do this... You know that. You never would have made the right choice if I allowed you... no... if I didn't make it for you."

I opened my eyes again. Ricky hadn't moved, and yet he no longer seemed to be looking at me... rather, past me. Was he talking to himself? 

I couldn't have responded to him if I'd wanted to. My entire form was laden as if with lead, drawing me down into the bed. I felt the oddest sensation, as if I were falling, and yet I remained upright, no true feeling inside me except the ever-growing buzz in my veins... 

For the longest time, the room was completely silent. Ricky did nothing except sit beside me, watching me, anticipating my change. I didn't know what I anticipated... This... seemed nothing like the story of Ricky's own turning. Perhaps it was different for everyone. Perhaps it didn't matter... I could well and truly die despite all of Ricky's efforts. And, I thought wearily... I wouldn't have minded. If I died now... if it would end... if I could just stop everything, if only for a while... and never return to this moment...

In the silence, a distant sound cracked from somewhere far below. I watched as Ricky, perturbed, looked up towards the bedroom door. His thoughts must have been mine. What could that have been? I was ready to dismiss it as something falling downstairs, maybe even something outside... But the first noise was followed by a creaking, and a loud snap that echoed through the lower floor. 

I expected Ricky to start to his feet and seek out the source of the noise, but he was still, his hands still gripping the edge of the bed, the canopy brushing his left shoulder. I listened with everything I had in me. A slow tempo was beating itself across the floor downstairs. Click-pat. Click-pat. Click-pat. It stalled somewhere near... And then it changed. Clang. Clang. Clang. Clang. 

Someone was coming up the stairs. 

In my drained and humming mind I couldn't sift out the possibility of who could have come -- here and now -- to visit Ricky, or... even more unlikely... to visit me. A Society vampire? They couldn't enter, barred by the law of invitation... What human would have tried to come here? 

Ricky's gaze turned up to the doorway, and through the sheer shadow of the canopy I saw a lone figure standing there. They didn't move beyond the threshold, only holding their ground, and after a beat, Ricky began to laugh. 

"Now!" he barked, his voice still dry and throaty. "How on earth did you get here? Are you lost?"

There was movement along the figure's shadow -- a shake of the head -- and Ricky laughed again, weaker this time.

"If you're here to take him back, you're too late," said Ricky. "He's mine. Or did you want to see him before his humanity is completely gone?" He looked around wildly at me, his jaw set in a grimace, and seized the edge of the canopy. "Go on, Shay. Show her. She came all this way."

I knew, long before he thrust the hangings aside, who was going to be waiting for me. Shock eluded me with no way to deliver adrenaline to my limbs. Breath undrawn kept me from gasping. Instead, I could only lie there, my splayed figure with its twisted leg on display for my visitor to see.

Leah, in demure resplendence, stood unshaken in Ricky's bedroom doorway, her slender legs shown off beneath a prim skirt of black lace. Her hands were behind her, her blond hair restricted at the nape of her neck. When at last she looked from Ricky to me, her face betrayed nothing. Not fear, not revulsion... not even anger. I wanted to plead to her. She was my last hope. But did it even matter? What could she even do? Ricky was right. It was too late.

Leah finally looked back to Ricky and shook her head again, chewing her bottom lip. "I wasn't going to be able to stop you anyway. I knew that."

"And you were right," Ricky said in a low voice. "So why did you come? No. First..." He lifted a hand, and a finger with it, both of which bore the slightest tremor. "How did you get in here?"

Leah shrugged, her eyes falling to her feet. "The law of invitation doesn't extend to humans," she began simply. "And you seem to severely underestimate the danger humans pose. This is Philadelphia. You need to learn to lock your front door."

Ricky bristled, cocking his head at Leah. "I did the chain," he said slowly. "It was locked."

To this, Leah unfolded her hands from behind her back and, with a heft of her arms, brandished what looked like a pair of hedge clippers to Ricky. No... bolt cutters. "You don't watch the news very often, do you?" she asked him. "I always have these in my trunk. You never know. But if you'd done the deadbolt or the knob, I could have just tried the windows."

For a time, Ricky was quiet. Then laughter shook its way out of him, his shoulders quaking with it. "So I underestimated you," he said. "You can get through a door. And for what? I told you. Shay is already turning. And now you have to face me. You've lost."

I watched Leah's face, but again, she gave nothing away. She shook her head once more, a hand on each of the bolt cutters' handles, looking very strange slung before her skirted legs. "I haven't," she told him. "I... don't think I have. No... I haven't."

"And why do you think that?"

"Because you're not strong enough to kill me now," she said quietly. "You've never turned anyone before, have you, Yorick?"

Ricky stilled, and slowly stole a look at me over his shoulder. As if reassured that I was still there, still immobilized, he glared back at Leah. "And what has that to do with anything?"

"You've given Shay everything. Your blood, your strength, is in him right now. You don't have enough left in you to fight me. You're actually lucky I'm not a vampire. You wouldn't stand a chance."

"Lucky!" he spat. "You could be ten of you and I would rip you to shreds. Maybe one of your weaker Society filth would be comparable to you..." He laughed raggedly and moved to stand. "But you, little girl... You've never faced a vampire like me."

Ricky's words seemed to ring true in his confidence, in what I knew of him, and yet... There was a waver in his legs as he forced himself to his feet, a stagger in his gait. And still I saw him breathing, the muscles of his back expanding with the effort... 

Had he really been weakened?

If Leah saw these signs, she didn't laud them over him. She stepped to the side and leaned her back against the dresser, regarding Ricky as if he were an interesting companion. "There's something I don't understand, Yorick," she mused. "I've watched Shay fall under your spell... I've watched him break under your care. And you don't seem to regret what you've done to him."

"Whatever your Society has been trying to tell him, you failed," Ricky retorted. He took a careful step forward, but seemed to relax ever so slightly. "What don't you understand, exactly?"

"What Shay means to you," said Leah. "You worked so hard to keep him by your side... You ruined him. If all he ever was to you was a plaything... Why did you go so far?"

"And who said he was a plaything?" Ricky growled. 

"If you love someone, you wouldn't treat them like this."

If you love someone...

"I love Shay. I wouldn't have had to do this..."

You wouldn't treat them like this...

Now Ricky was only a few steps away from Leah, and yet she remained rooted where she was. The buzzing, insect-like humming in my nerves was rising still, reaching out to my skin with an aching crawl. I was cold... so cold. 

I watched as Leah's mouth opened, the corners of her lips sticking as she spoke to Ricky again.

"Yorick... Who was your abuser?"

There was no time to process what she'd said. In a split second, Ricky was snarling and lunging at her, fingers extended in claws. I wanted to cry out in warning, but Leah was too fast -- without missing a beat, she whirled back and swung the bolt cutters at him full force.
