 The next few days were agony. Nothing either Soonhee or Gil said prepared me for it, and despite both assuring me that I would sleep through it all, I remained awake, snatching periods of fitful sleep between hours of pain. I could not move my body into a comfortable position, and so I contorted myself in the tangled sheets as I poured sweat from my body and cries from my lips. Changing my linens was useless, as they became wet and stained in minutes. My insides were fire and ice, barbed wire and numbing acid... I was only vaguely conscious of people coming and going at times, holding me, wiping my skin, some offering me words of comfort that I could not hear over the pulsating ring in my brain. It hadn't occurred to me how disgusting the human body truly was until I saw what it held inside it. Voiding my human entrails, perspiring every fluid from my pores until I was pure. For what seemed like forever all I heard was the rush of my own body's pipelines, the muffled words of those around me, the screams that reverberated up from my core...

And then, as if in a dream, it all stopped.

Dead silence enveloped me. I lay completely still, in cold comfort, in a soft and muted red light. There was a gentle weight upon me. I stretched out a hand and felt something almost silky grazing the backs of my fingers. Whatever it was, it was all around me. I slowly came to realize that the red light was tinged by my own eyelids, and so I opened my eyes, feeling my lashes dragging along fabric. 

The bedsheets were wrapped around me. I was scared all of a sudden -- every waking moment I'd had was unpleasant -- but the pain was gone. Carefully I shifted, testing my body, tensing my muscles experimentally... yes... nothing hurt anymore. On the contrary, I felt better than I ever remembered feeling in my life. The weight of my own form seemed nonexistent. I raised an arm up and watched the sheets, apparently newly changed, shifting the strained light over me. There was something different about my skin... It wasn't just the sheets that were clean.

Tentatively, I slipped one foot and then the other out of bed, touching the uneven hardwood with my toes as if I'd never felt anything like it. I took the bedsheets with me, one side draped over my head and shoulders and a wad of it cinched around my waist with one arm. I lifted my left hand and stared at it, turning it over and over. White. My skin was perfectly even-toned and pale, like fresh ceramic, glazed with a pearl sheen and a dusting of golden down. But more than that... My tattoos were gone. My scars -- my self-inflicted cuts, burns, bites -- it was all gone. Well, I had been told that would happen. I had watched the ink bleeding out of my skin. But as I flexed my fingers and ran them down my chest, picking out places where I'd been hurt, pierced, or patterned... I felt like I was looking down at someone else's body. I didn't remember seeing my body this clean before. It was as if I'd been reborn. And, I thought uneasily, I kind of had been.

But there was more. Anything that moved in my vision seemed to do so twice as slowly, and yet sped up at the same time. I saw colors I had never seen before, colors I had no name for, lining my arms, the edges of my eyes, leaving trails behind when I moved. It was starting to make me dizzy. Cautiously, I moved and put weight onto my feet, dragging the bedsheets behind me as I walked tentatively across the floor. Through the window I could see snow falling, muffling the sound and the light from outside. I watched it for what seemed like hours, somehow able to pick out every flake that floated by in pristine detail. The light, the prismatic reflection of ice crystals hurt my head. I was seeing as if in another dimension.

Behind me, the door creaked open, and I turned my face to meet it, blinking to readjust from the light. In the doorway stood a young man, eyes wide and arms loaded with folded laundry. I wasn't disturbed, only grateful that I was covered this time. Apparently seeing that I wasn't about to get angry at him for walking in on me, he stepped inside and put the laundry he was carrying on a chair against the wall. "Good morning, Shay," he said, his smile somewhat reproachful. "Good timing... These are fresh clothes for you, and sheets if you want them."

I nodded quietly, not sure what to say.

Apparently he wasn't, either. After looking around for a moment, he flicked a thumb behind him and said, "I'm... gonna go get Gil. He said to let him know when you were awake. Is that okay?"

I nodded again. 

He disappeared then, and after a beat, I made my way over to the chair to see what clothes they had brought me. It wasn't much. There was a cotton v-neck tee in a heathered shade of blue, a pair of gray boxer briefs, and some soft drawstring pants that matched the underwear. I dressed myself, just happy to be covered for the time. The clothes felt good on my skin, and somehow laid perfect on me.

I didn't have to wait long for the knock on the door. Gil let himself in after a beat, in his usual dress shirt, slacks, and a brown sweater vest, his youthful face showing age strangely indicative of his years for once. He held his cane in his left hand, something like a blue lunchbag in his right, and a clasped manila envelope under his arm. I acknowledged him and sat on the edge of the bed. 

"You're looking much better," he noted. "And much more different than last I saw. How do you feel?"

How did I feel? What kind of question was that? Even if I wanted to answer him truthfully, I was sure he knew. But instead, I only said, "Fine."

If Gil could tell I was lying through my teeth, he didn't show it. He pulled up a chair from by the door, sitting apart from me several feet away and setting the blue lunchbag on the floor. The manila envelope, he laid on his lap. "Your metamorphosis took quite a toll on you," he noted. "But it seems like there was a lot to change. I'm somewhat surprised to see the natural color of your hair. Although I knew it couldn't really be white..."

By instinct I reached up and ran a hand through my hair. Although I couldn't see it, what met my fingers was a fringe lush, thick and soft like it hadn't been for years. "I guess that 'healed' too, huh?" I said sullenly, dropping my hand to my lap. 

"It's nice," said Gil. "It's healthy."

I snorted. "Healthy," I repeated. "I guess you could call it that. Or you could call it dead. Like the rest of me."

Gil only dropped his head and gave a curt nod, sighing through his nose. He undid the clasp of the manila envelope, shuffling some papers out of it. "I came here to check on you, but I'm afraid we also have things to discuss."

"Of course we do," I muttered. "More paperwork? Registering me as a vampire for the Society now?"

"No," Gil replied calmly. He paused, looking down at the sheaf of papers with hesitation. "It concerns Yorick."

A chill ran under my stomach. When I went to speak, my voice disappeared just for a moment. "What about him?" I said quietly.

Gil sighed again, low and soundless, and flicked through a few of his papers. "Well... It concerns his estate more than it concerns Yorick himself. You see, we searched his dwelling... It doesn't come as any surprise to us that Yorick possessed a great deal of... Material wealth. It also comes as no surprise to us that he has no next of kin, nor posthumous plan, nor living will. So as of yet, there is no directive on what to do with his estate."

My head was spinning with Gil's words. Estate. Next of kin. Posthumous. 

His will.

Yorick's will.

As if breaking through the ringing in my ears, Gil's voice returned. "It's been decided, therefore, that barring objections from the involved parties, the total of Yorick Andersen's estate will pass to you, Shay."

"To me?" I said hollowly.

"Yes," said Gil, turning a page. "As of right now, you are the only person he was known to have been connected to. There are no other candidates for inheritance."

I leaned back, my hands clasped between my knees. This was not something I had anticipated. It wasn't even something I wanted to think about. "What exactly does his... his estate include?" I asked, somehow fearing the answer.

Gil lowered his eyes to the papers and flicked through until he found what he wanted. "You will inherit the apartment he resided in, which has its rent paid through the next five years, as well as all of the furniture and material belongings within. You also acquire the following according to deeds and records found on site: a plot of land outside the city of Akranes in Iceland, one shipping container currently residing in southwest Philadelphia, one two-door black pony car, sixteen shares of stock in assorted companies, and liquid assets totaling eight hundred sixty-three thousand, four hundred fifty-nine US dollars and thirteen cents."

There was a pulling somewhere behind my eye sockets as Gil spoke. It hadn't occurred to me that this sort of thing would be part of the Society's work... Or that it would involve me. It also hadn't occurred to me just what Yorick had beyond what I saw. But for all of it to be mine? The rows upon rows of meticulously organized DVDs. The kitchen, only stocked because of my presence, and whose implements had no use to me in the end. The canopied bed that shielded white skin from sun... The bed that I had been raped and then turned in. 

"I don't want it," I muttered. 

"It's your right," said Gil calmly. "There's no one else to claim it."

"Then sell it. Give it away. I don't care. I don't want anything he's touched."

Gil drummed his fingers on the papers and his foot tapped patiently in my line of sight. "At least take the money, Shay," he said. "Consider it reparations. Even a little bit would help you get back on your feet."

"And then what?" I snapped, lifting my head. "I get on my feet, and then what? I just go and forget any of this happened? Go about my daily life, get a job on the night shift so I never have to see the sun again? Start drinking other people's blood, hurt them like I was hurt?"

Gil blinked slowly at me, shuffling paperwork back into its folder. "Why do you think you'll hurt people, Shay?"

I laughed dryly, hugging myself, and heaved up from the bed. "After everything I've just been through?" I said, my voice raising, and I began to pace around the room. "After everything he did to me? You think I can ever interact with another person normally again? And even if -- even if I had the self-control to forget what happened, even if I could leave my anger and my hatred behind -" I stopped in my tracks and threw a clenched fist against my ribs, thudding where my heartbeat would be -- where it would never be again. "He's inside me! His blood's filled me, every inch of me! How am I supposed to live a normal life -- any life at all -- when the man who destroyed me is coursing through my body!?"

"The same way any of us do," Gil replied stiffly. "You get up and you adapt. You're not the only one in the world who's going through this, Shay."

"You weren't there!" I yelled, rounding on him now. All my fury, all my bottled emotions with nowhere to go, now had a target -- Gil, calm and unmoving Gil who had the gall to sit there without regard to what I'd been through - "None of you were there! None of you knew what he did to me! The kinds of things he said to me, the things I believed! The physical and mental toll being near him took on me -- am I supposed to get up and adapt after that?"

But with this, I'd finally gotten a rise out of him. Gil seized the arms of the chair and hauled himself upright... the force of which nearly toppled him as his bad leg shook beneath him. Blindly he scrabbled behind him for the handle of his cane, clumsily trying to support his weight as he glared into my face, ignoring our height difference. "Whose fault," he began stiltedly, then tried again. "Whose fault is it, Shay? Whose fault was it that we weren't there? Who turned away help time and time again? Who pushed us away whenever we extended a hand? Who made you go back to him every night? Was it us? Did we do that? Did I?"

Cold rage shot up my spine, and I imagined a hundred things I wanted to do at that moment -- to hit Gil, to kick his cane out from under him, to grab the chair and beat the arrogance off his face... And then a hundred more, to beat myself... To scratch and claw at my skin until I was raw, to smash my head against the walls until I was unconscious, to scream until I had no voice left to scream with... 

I realized then that my hands were outstretched and straining for Gil's neck, to which he had no reaction, all furrowed brow and stuck-out jaw, as if daring me to do what I was thinking. Instead, the chill sloughed back down my body and I clutched at my own shoulders, feeling my nails bite the skin under my sleeves. I staggered back and slumped to the floor, my head against the edge of the bed. My breath came out in a high-pitched, raspy whimper. 

Gil relented then and backed off, pausing to gather the envelope and the blue lunch bag. The latter he tossed at my feet. "Drink," he said flatly. 

I looked down at the bag blearily. Drink? Drink what? With an unsteady hand I reached for the bag and tore it open with a ripping of Velcro. Within the insulated silver walls was a smaller vinyl bag, and I pulled it out before realizing how warm it was, or what was inside it... In my hand, the hot, dark liquid squelched inside its translucent package like oil on water. 

In disgust, I hurled the blood bag away and hugged my knees. Gil shook his head and turned away, heading for the door.

"Wait," I called after him. "Let... let me talk to Leah."

Gil looked over his shoulder with a hand on the doorknob. "You can't," he said simply.

"Why not?" I demanded.

"Your room is under quarantine. No humans in this corridor."

"There was a guy here just a while ago!" 

Gil turned the knob and shook his head again. "He was a Society vampire. You aren't able to be exposed to humans yet, Shay. You're a danger to yourself and to Leah."

But no sooner had he finished speaking than the door opened for him, and he stared at the figure behind it. "No," said Gil sharply. "Did you not just hear me tell him?"

"I heard you," said the figure, and its lilting tone bit at me like a hot flash. Leah. How long had she been there? 

"And you're going to ignore me."

"Not out of spite," Leah replied.

I watched as Gil shoved past her, and heard the thump of his cane on carpet stop just in the hallway. Leah turned in the doorway to look at him, hand on the doorknob. 

"You take too many risks, Leah," said Gil. "It's going to get you killed one day. I hope you know that."

Leah muttered something to him that I couldn't hear, and closed the door between them, shutting herself inside with me. I could feel my anger at Gil still roiling somewhere under my lungs. To throw everything he did at my feet, to reinforce what had happened and my utter helplessness at it all... And then to try to keep me from the only person who understood? Who did he think he was? I wasn't a danger to anyone. I would never do anything to Leah. 

But then she turned around, and I realized just how much danger there was. 

Leah's dress was short-sleeved and of medium length, the skirt bouncing lightly around her knees as she walked towards me, but the pale blue fabric was cut low at the collar, allowing room for a silver pendant to dangle precariously between her breasts. Her hair was pulled back in whatever she could make of a bun at the nape of her neck. For the first time... was I just imagining things? I could see the thrum of Leah's blood under her skin... And then, all at once, her scent struck me, and I was overwhelmed by the sickly-sweet ambrosia coming off of her body... A thick, hot smell that poured into my nose and mouth and choked out all other senses... 

At once I retched and clapped a hand over my face, trying to stifle Leah's scent. It was equal parts disgusting and enticing -- to my body, something between raw meat and pure maple syrup, pungent and begging. I hated it. I needed it. Until this moment, I had not known true hunger. I could feel the walls of my belly closing in inside me, cold and yawning. An unfamiliar noise spilled out from behind my hand, and I clamped a second over it, wrestling myself back from my seat at the edge of the bed.

Leah walked past me to the other side of the room without any indication she could see my struggle. Disregarding me, she stooped and picked up the blood bag from where it had landed near the wall. Bag in hand, she turned and began to approach me again. Immediately, I crawled back and shook my head, huffing through my fingers in protest. She couldn't come near. I didn't want to smell her. I'd made a mistake. She had to leave. With my eyes I pleaded for her to understand my thoughts, to leave before I could do anything... 

But Leah didn't falter. She tugged the plastic plug from the top of the bag and held it out, holding her gaze to mine as she joined me on the edge of the bed. With its contents touching the air, the bag introduced a new smell -- metallic, sour, but with a heavy sweetness beneath it. I shuddered and pulled my collar up over my nose, looking away.

"We need to talk," said Leah. "You need to talk. You can't do that if this is keeping all of your focus. Drink, Shay. Please."

I tried to ignore her. If I didn't look at her, if I didn't breathe, then I wouldn't be subject to her... But after all, I had been the one to demand that she be here, and as much as I didn't want to drink... I didn't want to bite Leah, either. The mere thought of it turned my stomach, and, holding my breath, I reached out and took the still-warm pack from her. Hesitation stayed me for the slightest moment, but with the greatest effort I forced my mouth open and onto the rubber tubing, taking a long draught.

I desperately wanted not to think about the feeling, the taste of human blood in my mouth -- it was different than mine, different than Yorick's. My immediate reaction was to want to vomit... Something I couldn't afford to do. And yet, it was strangely unlike blood as I had imagined it. Thick and sweet, more the flavor of dark chocolate than of copper, and I got down at least a few mouthfuls before I stopped myself, licking a dry corner of my mouth as I pushed the bag away. 

"I can't," I told Leah, and found my voice cracking.

"Is it enough, at least?" she asked.

After a moment, I looked her over and took a cautious breath. I could still smell her... but it wasn't overpowering me. It was like the volume had been turned down. I nodded.

She took the bag from my hands, recapped it, and put it behind her on the bed. For a minute, all we did was sit there, she with her hands clasped between her knees, me with my elbows resting on my thighs for support, and nothing but silence. 

"I'm sorry," Leah began quietly.

"You didn't do anything," I said.

"I know," she replied. "That's why I'm sorry."

But this took me aback. "No," I said quickly. "You did a lot. That's not what I meant. You were the one who--"

But Leah was shaking her head. "I could have stopped it from happening," she told me. "We knew what was going on. We always had."

I hesitated, then leaned back and looked at her, frowning. "What do you mean, you knew...?"

She wouldn't return my gaze. "They were still after Yorick. There was still a plan," she went on. "They'd just given up on involving you. Given up on saving you. Once you told us that Yorick had offered to turn you, it gave the Society what they needed to stop him. It was... a vulnerability he didn't have before."

"Leah... What are you talking about?"

She turned to me then, her eyes dry but somehow... sad. "The Society was waiting for him to turn you. And once he was weak and needed to leave the house, to get blood other than yours, they were going to use a sacrifice to trap and kill him."
