 Summer rain streaked the plate glass window beside my table. I'd been watching it for some time, welcoming the gray filter of light across my hands in a world that had been doused for me with curtains and coverings. The scent of espresso hung in an invisible haze around the shop, and all around me sounded the chatter of voices, the clinking of cups, and the hiss of the steamer as the barista worked to recreate the thirty-some-odd menu items for each customer. I'd ordered coffee while I was waiting, and in the fifteen minutes I'd been there, had tried everything I could to make it palatable. My cup was brimming with a pale brown liquid the color of hazelnut buttercream, and the saucer was laden with the paper packages of a dozen or so artificial sweeteners after four spoons of sugar didn't do the trick. Although the aroma of the finely roasted brew was heavenly, the taste was like tar. 

Not long after I'd gone back to looking out the window, a figure drew up alongside me on the sidewalk, and glanced at me from under a white umbrella. They paused for only a moment, then kept walking until they'd reached the entrance of the shop, and I watched them fold up the soaking umbrella and shake it off before strolling over to where I sat.

"Good afternoon," said Soonhee.

"Hey," I said. Soonhee drew out the chair opposite me and sat down, straightening out her dress and slinging her pocketbook over the back of the chair. Her outfit was simpler today than I had ever seen it, although still in tones of white, and she had forgone stockings or pretty shoes so as not to dirty them from the city puddles. "Thanks for coming to see me."

"Thank you for asking me to," she replied. "It's been some time since you've reached out." As she tucked her hair behind one ear, her eyes traveled over the empty coffee creamers and sugar packets surrounding my undrunk brew. "Enjoying your coffee?" she prompted.

"It tastes like shit," I said lightly. "But don't tell the barista." 

Soonhee gave me a rare smile. "Your registration's all done with," she told me. Digging into her pocketbook, she withdrew a few paper pamphlets and slid them across the table to me. "And here's the information you wanted. Sorry it's taken so long - international programs are a bit more complicated than moving to another district in the States."

I took the pamphlets and opened one at random, leafing through it slowly. "Thanks," I said, tucking them all into the inner pocket of my jacket. "I'll read up on it some more. I'll have to get my passport done, too."

Out of habit more than desire, I picked up my coffee cup and tried to drink some. Pulling a face, I set the cup back down quickly. More tar. I shook my head as if I was trying to lose the flavor. 

When I saw Soonhee stifling a smirk, I asked, "Do you ever get used to that?"

"Not really," she shrugged. "It's been a long time, but I still miss my mother's home cooking. Sometimes smelling the spices is enough. Sometimes it's not. The kimchi is never quite the same."

It was the first time I'd ever heard Soonhee speak about her life before the Society. I followed her gaze out the window, and for a minute, the two of us just watched the rain staining the streets with little pools of black and white. 

"Where do you think you'll go now?" she asked, still staring outside. 

I folded my arms on the table. "I should... visit home, probably. I already missed my kid sister's high school graduation. I got a bunch of voicemails after that one. Not sure how I'll explain how I look, though..." At this, I had to laugh. "Usually it's trying to explain new tattoos to your parents. Now I have to explain why they're gone..."

Soonhee bit her lip and shook her head at me. "I can't tell you not to tell them, Shay, but if they know, they'll become part of the Society..."

I snorted and stared down at my cup. "I wouldn't anyway. I'll find a way to excuse it."

Across from me, my companion seemed to visibly relax. She sat back in her seat, watching me. "Where will you go afterwards?"

"I've got a couple places to look at," I said. "There's that property in Iceland I still have to get taken care of. Heard it's beautiful in the summer. But I don't know if I'll go there first or wait til next year..."

"Is that where he was from?"

"I don't know. I narrowed it down to a couple places. But he was in Iceland sometime, at least." I leaned back in my seat, looking at the café's menu board absentmindedly. "Anyway, I figure as long as I'm traveling, I should see more of the world... You said there's some kind of hostel program for the European Society, right?"

"It's in one of those pamphlets," said Soonhee. "You should come by and talk to Rochelle about it, she did it a few years ago."

"Rochelle?"

"The girl with the super-curly hair. She does bouncer duty sometimes."

"Oh, yeah."

"You know," Soonhee added, "I know you haven't been coming to headquarters for meal packs."

I shrugged. "Didn't know you called them that."

"I do in public," she said. "If you don't feel like coming up, we can get a delivery service to your place. There's a guy in Chestnut Hill who gets them delivered."

"Nah," I said. "I'll come down. I've just been stubborn."

"What do you do about feeding?" she asked me. 

I turned my cup slowly on its saucer, not meeting Soonhee's eyes. "I haven't been eating," I admitted. "It's hard. But I'll figure something out. Like I said, I've been stubborn."

Soonhee sighed through her nose and tapped the table with a fingertip. But she didn't say anything. We were both watching out the window again.

"Oh," she started, breaking the silence. She dug into a pocket I hadn't noticed in her dress, one that was far deeper than I expected a dress's pockets to be. When she withdrew her hand, it held a small, metal capsule on a chain. In her palm she offered it out to me. "Here. I keep forgetting to bring it."

I held my hand out, and she tipped the capsule onto my palm. I turned it over, examining it. It was small, more like a keychain pill case than anything. When I saw a seam near the top, I went to unscrew it. Soonhee stopped me.

"Don't open that," she warned me. "It's not worth seeing anyway. I just... thought you would want it."

I looked from her to the capsule and back again. Something was dawning on me. "This is... It's not-"

"It's all I could get," she said. "There was nothing left, Shay. Nothing but ash and dust."

Between my fingers, the capsule felt smaller than it looked. I wrapped my hand around it and held it close, feeling the metal magnify my chill. "What happened to the rest?"

"It was disposed of as normal. Burned."

"Seems like overkill, all things considered."

Soonhee shrugged. "There's not a whole lot else we can do when something like this happens. To be honest, I'm not sure why you wanted any of it. Any of him. You should be thankful it's over and move on."

My gaze lingered on the hand clenched around the little capsule. Finally, I pocketed it, shifting in my seat. "I need closure," I said simply. "I don't think it'll ever be over. But I want some semblance of finality to all of this. And maybe if I'm lucky, I can get closure for him, too."

Soonhee frowned. "Closure for him? Why do you think he needs it?"

I pushed my cup away. I wasn't going to be able to finish my coffee - I wasn't sure I'd ever try to stomach it again. "I was going to ask Leah, but... I don't know. There was something she said to him during the incident."

"What did she tell him?"

I shook my head, not meeting her eyes. "Not told... asked. She asked... She asked him who his abuser was."

"And why does that bother you?" she prompted me.

For the first time in a few minutes, I met Soonhee's eyes. "He reacted."

Her brow quirked. "Interesting. But what do you even do with that? He's gone."

"Have you ever heard anyone in the Society mention something called the draugr?"

"The what?"

"Nevermind. It's not important," I said, shifting and standing up from my seat. "I gotta go. Walk you to the door?"

"You go ahead," said Soonhee. "I have some calls to make. Your café is very cozy."

"Sure. I'll stop by in the next couple days and get some stuff, okay?"

"Of course. See you later, Shay."

I made my way to the front, called my thanks to the barista, and stepped out to the chime of the bell and the soft shear of rain on the pavement. Drunken petrichor enveloped me and, keeping cover under the shop's awning, I pulled up my hood before heading onto the sidewalk. Through the window as I passed, I could see Soonhee on her cell already. It was strange to think that we were on good terms. 

Warm rain soaked my shoulders and the cuffs of my jeans. With my hands in my pockets, my fingers brushed against the tiny metal capsule - the only physical monument I had left beyond my pristine, unbreakable body. I didn't yet have an idea of what I would do with it, or what I would do with myself. But there on the street, as I lowered my hood and lifted my face to the humid sky, I pulled out the chain and slung it around my neck. Resentment, fear, and bitterness washed away with the summer shower's kiss on my eyelids. All we needed now was to heal.

Thank you all for supporting Hematoma, and myself in writing it. When I set out to write the story of Shay and Ricky, it was to make vampires sexy again. Unfortunately, the year I began writing it - then with no title - I went through something that influenced my story in a way I could have never imagined. 

As I proceeded with Hematoma, I realized just how badly this story needed to be written, to let people like myself and millions of others know that they are not alone. Your story is not over. 

I promise that my next story, working title "The Book of Levi", will be one of happier things. Look for it in the future under the Gay Male tag.

- "Asbel"