 No matter what video you are watching or what toy you are playing with, it is your imagination that takes you down into the batehole and to the finale with your sperm shooting out in all its glory. Or your insides ripped to shreds by that new and usually larger instrument of inserted pleasure. The road to the point of satisfaction can be a long one or one that develops quickly and leads to an almost instantaneous gratification. And the attack of desire to masturbate can overcome a person in any location at any time.

On his back, lying on the weight bench doing his last set of reps, Sergeant Major Adam "The Man" Einhardt exhales as he lifts the heavily weighted bar and inhales as he lowers the bar into the brackets. Perfect form leads to a perfect outcome. The man has presence. No matter who comes in contact with this man, whether the most straight-laced sex denier or roué or cad, nobody is able to control an instinctual gut response of male superiority and male sexuality when they lay eyes on this Greek god. In his early thirties, the man is built as if he were the model of some ancient hero, such as Hercules or the blonde Achilles. 

With all the power any man can ask, Adam has yet to find lasting happiness in a relationship. Adam has just divorced his second wife, leaving her with two kids. One son will grow up gay, and the other son will take on an addiction that will destroy his life and family.

Adam slides forward on the bench and sits up. His spotter is still standing behind him. Adam turns to the mirror and flexes his pecs, now full of blood, with the sweet burning inside that he lives for. He stands there looking at himself, proud of what he sees.

Adam has come to find his happiness within himself. He no longer looks to the exterior world for anything. He has a good income. He's living back on base in his own quarters. His sole goal is to build more muscle, increase his size and his presence. He knows his captain, his immediate commander, has to suppress an erection when Adam walks into his office to take care of business. Adam is always the first Marine there in the morning for physical training - calisthenics followed by a two mile run, sometimes with gear, sometimes without. No man in the unit comes close to the physical perfection and dedication Adam possesses. 

Sometimes, on the weekends, especially in the summer, Adam likes to run through the pathways that adjoin the French Creek area, since that is where his gym is located. However, on some occasions, Adam will work out at one of the original gyms, uniting with the spirit of the Marines of WWII who were stationed at Lejeune and ended up all over the world.

On this particular Saturday afternoon, Adam decides to do a whole body workout and take Sunday off. Showering to clean the workout sweat from his body, Adam soaps himself up well and has a feeling of profound attainment as he rubs the bar of soap over his bulging muscles. He soaps himself up twice to get that squeaky clean feeling and takes his time about rinsing off. Towel dried, he slips into his red running shorts, taking special notice of the gold Marine insignia stamped into the lower right corner. Adam chooses not to put on a shirt, as he plans to do some running before returning to his quarters. He listens to the usual gym banter, nods his good-byes and exits into one of those Indian summer days of early fall.

Knowing the pathway has some hidden dead ends, Adam decides to run each dead end and back onto the main path. It's Saturday. He has no idea what he'll find, if, in fact, he will find anything. Adam begins his easy jog into the woods along the beaten path. His workout has invigorated him, but not to the point of making the jog a limit breaking experience. He enjoys the sound of his feet hitting the earth with a constant beat... at a moderate tempo. Adam comes to the first cut off that leads to a spot, hidden by the vegetation, a perfect spot for two men to share their bodies discretely. 

At this moment, the spot is bare. Adam jogs in place for a few moments and then heads out to the main trail. A slight breeze whooshes through the trees and shrubbery, flickering the leaves and pine needles, reminding Adam, for some strange reason, of the slow passage of time, of his own maturity and future maturity. He sees himself at 45, a Zeus-like figure, delegating his wishes to those around him. He commands without commanding. His focus is sharp. His image is clear. He sees himself, maybe with a beard, the Corps far behind him, in some Near Eastern country, running an intelligence gathering service. He lives what many men consider a dream. He suffers from his own perfection and his ability to have his every wish met, yet he sees all that he can have, he wants very little. He knows the emptiness of vanity and riches. 

He decides to walk awhile, so jogs in place to cool down. He places his hands on his knees and looks around him. Total open air silence. He walks forward along the main trail and makes the right turn into the byway that leads to a secluded area with a "get away" path that leads back onto the main trails. Something tells him to turn back onto the main trail, go forward and then circle back to the spot. Adam walks leisurely forward for about fifty yards and turns back to his right, but this time, the path is moving in the opposite direction. Adam feels another rustle of the shrubbery and a shaking of the leaves. He stops. He detects two men walking idly along, whispering to each other, a sound barely audible at the distance and through the underbrush, but still able to be heard.

Adam remains where he is as he cannot be seen from the secluded spot nor from the main trail. He hears the two men turn off the main path. Then close enough, he hears the one tell the other, "I've got to take a leak." "Me, too. I drank plenty of fluid during my workout." Immediately, Adam knew who the two Marines were. One was Cassidy, a good sized buff man with a huge hairy chest, and the other was Lane, a pipsqueak of a guy, but lean and hard and hung. Adam decides to see how this "pissing contest" turns out 

He hears Cassidy, "Man, you've got more dick than you've got a body." 

"Yeah, curse of the men in my family." 

"How far can you piss with that thing?" 

"Let me show you." Lane leans back, aims upward and shoots over Cassidy's head into the bushes beyond. And then in a perverse but playful mood, Lane turns the arc of his piss on Cassidy, who is not amused. The SgtMaj witnesses the incident. Cassidy replies, "One good shot deserves another," and proceeds to piss all over Lane. So the two Marines are pissing on each other when the SgtMaj steps in.

"Marines. Marines. Marines!" "Don't waste all that piss all over your bodies. It's no good if it doesn't go down your throats and into your stomach. Lane, I want to see you give some of that piss to Cassidy, and I want Cassidy to give some of his piss to Lane. And then I'll piss over both your dicks and watch you lick it off each other, which means you'll have to suck each other's cocks. And that, Marines, is what you want to do. If you're willing to die for him, the least the two of you can do for each other is give yourselves a little cock every once in a while."

"Cassidy, get on your knees!"

"Yes, Sir, SgtMaj."

"Lane, piss into his mouth."

"Yes, Sir, SgtMaj."

Cassidy opens his mouth wide to receive the piss from Lane's cock, now only inches from his mouth. Lane rubs the palm of his hand over the head of his cock to begin his stream. The crystal-clear piss hits the mark of Cassidy's mouth and he swallows as he takes it in. When Lane's bladder is empty, the SgtMaj orders Lane on his knees so Cassidy can piss in his mouth. Cassidy is ready to let his piss fly the moment Lane opens his mouth. Cassidy takes a deep breath as his piss flows like a rivulet into Lane's open and waiting mouth. Lane swallows with an unexpected pleasure added into the act.

When Cassidy finally runs dry, the SgtMaj orders Cassidy on his knees beside Lane.

"Now I've got a present for the two of you piss ass Marines. That's right. Open those mouths cause the SgtMaj has something he wants to share. During this introductory moment to the new stage of the action, both Cassidy of the hairy chest and Lane of the extra-large appendage witness the bulge in the SgtMaj's shorts grow into a sight that would make someone with a small mouth become fearful. The SgtMaj pulls out his semi-hard cock and aims his piss into Cassidy's mouth and then, without letting his stream stop for even an instant, he directs his piss into Lane's mouth, who receives it willingly. Then the SgtMaj pisses over their bodies.

"Now the real fun begins. Each of you is going to lick the piss off each other's bodies. Cassidy, you lick Lane first. Both of you stand up, and, Cassidy you can start doing your thing."

Lane stands at ease as Cassidy leans down to begin licking Lane's face.

"You can lick his lips, Cassidy, but don't you even try to kiss him. Your mission right now is to lick his body clean of piss. And you're going to lick it off his dick, but if you try sucking on that cock, you'll have hell to pay. You understand me, Marine?"

"Yes, Sir, SgtMaj."

As Cassidy licks down the sides of his face and over his chin and onto his lips, Lane grows incredibly erect. Adam gets harder spontaneously as he watches Lane expand into this enormous Kielbasa sausage. As big as Adam is, he is put to shame by the enormity of Lane's hard cock.

"Don't suck on his tits. Just lick them. And let him raise his arms. I want you to lick his armpits. That's right, paste his hair to the skin. Put a little more moisture into it, Cassidy. You've got Lane so hard he could talk himself into an orgasm. He hasn't felt anything this good in his entire life. Is that right, Lane?"

"Yes, Sir, SgtMaj."

"That's right. Lick those abs, now down to his bush. I want to see you lick that cock, but if your lips so much as touch the head of that monster, you'll be in for it. That's right, lick the whole shaft, underneath, too, and lick his balls, now lick the head but don't let your lips touch that bulging mushroom. OK. Now between his thighs on the inside of his legs. Now, Lane, turn around and spread your cheeks, 'cause Cassidy is going to lick your ass and make you feel so good, and after he licks your hole, he's going to lick your cheeks. You're going to be clean. Now that you've licked his hole, lick it again, but this time tickle it with the tip of your tongue. You like that, Lane?"

"Yes, Sir, SgtMaj!"

"Good, because that is what you are going to do to Cassidy. Cassidy, get on your knees. Lane, turn around and start licking the piss off Cassidy."

Lane begins with the forehead and moves over Cassidy's face. The SgtMaj enjoys his own rush as he watches Cassidy's dick twitch when Lane licks Cassidy's lips.

"Don't fucking turn it into a kiss. You're just licking, son."

"Yes, Sir, SgtMaj."

"Cassidy, you don't have any control over your meat, do you? Every time Lane licks your arm pits, your meat twitches like it's been touched by a fucking cattle prod. Shit, Marine, you're starting to drip. I like that. I like to see a man's body show its appreciation for the selfless stimulation it's receiving. Don't let it go to waste. Lane, flick the tip of your tongue on the tip of Cassidy's cock and take that precious juice and swallow it. You understand, Marine?"

"Yes, Sir, SgtMaj."

Lane bends down and takes the tip of his tongue and licks from under the shaft to the piss hole on the head.

"While you're licking his tits and his abs, keep an eye on his pre-cum. I want you to have all that special fluid inside your mouth and then inside your body. Even as you lick the inside of his thighs, keep an eye out for any of the magic liquid."

Twice in licking Cassidy's tits and his stomach, Lane licks up more of the pre-cum. 

"OK, Cassidy, stand up, about face, and bend over while you spread your cheeks. Lane, you lick that ass, but first get a lick of his pre-cum to tickle his hole with. And when you get his hole lubed up with his own pre-cum, I want you to insert your tongue into his hole as far as you can. That's your immediate mission, Marine. Make Cassidy feel something he's never felt before. Those city boys didn't break him in completely. Sure, they jacked off together and maybe did a little sucking and even fucking, but they never tongued asses. This is new for you, isn't it, Cassidy?"

"Yes, Sir, SgtMaj."

"Poke that hole with his pre-cum, now work your tongue in and out. Let it slide in and out. Lane, reach around and catch his pre-cum in your hand. You got it. Now reach over and cover my cock with his pre-cum. That's right, work that juice over my entire dick. Lube my cock, Marine. I want to feel those slick fingers of yours working my cock and working it right. You get it, Marine?"

"Yes, Sir, SgtMaj." 

"I don't want you to jack it, but I want to feel my cock with your hand grasping it and releasing, squeezing the shaft and then squeezing the head. Now play with my balls. But before you do, I think you need to get another slurp of Cassidy before you cover my balls with his pre-cum."

Lane licks another crystal load from Cassidy's cock and envelopes the SgtMaj's balls with the slippery liquid.

"Yeah, go head and tongue them. Roll them around. Give them a good ride and while you're sucking your SgtMaj's balls, I'm going to tell you a thing or two that nobody has told you before, even when they comment on your huge dick. The world worships a big cock, but what the world worships, it doesn't have to live with ... the games, the mistrust, the ulterior motives. If you think your dick is going to bring you happiness, you have a great deal to learn. It will give you transient satisfaction, but it will never bring you happiness, because as big as it is, it is once a magnet that attracts and then after a certain time the magnet will reverse and begin to repel. The partner who couldn't get enough of your cock will begin to hope that you keep it to yourself. But you have an appendage to enjoy and when old men are wishing for sex, there will always be available a person who will want to experience such that blessing between your legs. Lube my cock up again with some more of Cassidy's pre-cum and then go back to finish off Cassidy's ass cheeks, and plug his hole with your tongue. You keep squeezing my cock while you suck out and tickle Cassidy's ass. Don't jack it, just feel it while you are holding it. Now work his hole, fill it with your tongue."

Unexpectedly, the SgtMaj growls, "Ah - ten - shun!"

Both Lane and Cassidy jump to attention, standing shoulder to shoulder.

"Let's get this straight. You two are here for my pleasure and what I want. You understand, Marines?"

In synchronous tones, "Yes, Sir, SgtMaj."

"Stand facing each other. Close enough you can play with each other's tits. That's it. Now start by lightly rubbing just the nipple with the backs of your hands, let the fingers go up and down over the very end of the tip. I see you both are rock-hard. Take your cock in your hand. Bring the back of your cock to your stomach. Place your upright cock on each other's body. That's right. In a moment, you are going to kiss each other. Yes, on the lips, and kiss each other like you mean it. I want you to kiss each other tenderly. You haven't had a pair of lips on yours since high school. You won't kiss the whores, but you can kiss each other. Each of you are man enough to kiss another man. If you'd die for him, you can kiss him. Start with a tender kiss, let your lips barely touch, just close enough to tickle each other. Rub back and forth. (The Sgt Maj is about as rock hard as he has ever been.) Now press your lips together. Forget all that eat your tongue shit. Just kiss and hold each other's bodies. Keep those rods against each other. Two hot Marines giving into their secret desires. They have been buddies and now they are becoming lovers. Go ahead, embrace each other. Rub your hands over each other's body."

Lane and Cassidy both are experiencing their unimagined fantasies and lose themselves in the kiss. There is almost an exchange of each other's souls; the act, occurring so unexpectedly, gives both men a sense of profound relief as the waves of an expanding ecstasy begin rising and rising, shown by the involuntary flinching that allows the pre-cum from each man to enhance the spontaneous frottage. Neither man shows any sign of wanting to end the kiss as the rutting really begins and each man gets lost in his own fantasy, animated by the longing and satisfying touch of another human being. Both dicks leak pre-cum in unimagined amounts as the dicks rub against the rock hard abs each man possesses.

The SgtMaj pulls off his running shorts and hangs them on a nearby branch. He stands, arms akimbo, his erection easily dripping his own magic juice as the two Marines continue to fondle each other's bodies. The initial kiss has now moved over each other's cheeks, to their ears and down onto their necks. Both men moan as each other's tongues caress the side of the neck just above the shoulders. Each man is now rubbing the other's buttocks, squeezing them firmly.

"OK, Marines, don't you give each other hickeys; bend over and suck on a nipple. Treat 'em right. Make fucking love to those little love buttons. Really work them. Now while you're working those nips, take your pre-cum and start lubing each other's cock."

Lane plants his lips on Cassidy's tattooed tit and absorbs it into his mouth. Cassidy leans down and begins licking Lane's nip. Cassidy swirls his tongue around the nip while Lane sucks Cassidy's nip deep into his mouth where he works the very end with the tip of his tongue. Both men have something to put in their mouths. Cassidy succumbs to the feeling Lane is creating inside him and abandons his tongue treatment for full blown sucking on Lane's nipple while he jacks Lane's dick with his own pre-cum. Likewise, Lane finds new levels of pleasure as he strokes Cassidy's dick with his own pre-cum.

"OK, Marines. It's time to get down to business. Each of you are going to bend over, lube up a finger, and begin penetrating each other's tight rosebud ass. The games have begun because each of you is going to take at least three fingers 'cause I want you opened up when I fuck you. That's right, use spit and pre-cum and open those pussies because those pussies, those fucking live-or-die, kill-or-be-killed Marine pussies are going to get fucked. This scene is so hot, it will be emblazoned upon your memories all your life. You will have sex many times and with many different people as you explore life and the world, but this event will be forever seared in your memory. In later years, when something reminds of your years in the Marines and active duty, you will remember every detail of this encounter. That's right. Put the index finger and the middle finger together like this. Suck on them and then wipe them with pre-cum and then approach that hole that wants to be opened up so badly, so badly; each of you can't wait to get your asses fucked, so you can feel totally initiated into the Corps. Those pussies will be dripping with spit and pre-cum and when I press the head of my dick against your hole, your hole is going to absorb me, pull me in and let me feel the hot insides of one of Uncle Sam's finest. I'm fucking a Marine. That's what gets my dick hard: fucking Marine pussy because Marine pussy is the best pussy in the entire world. There are no hotter men then those that comprise Uncle Sam's Misguided Children. That's right, men, work those asses. Don't be afraid to put a little twist on the entry. Find the prostate and those asses will open like the Gates of Heaven and then getting that third finger inside will be easy because the asses are wanting to feel more expansion and when the expansion comes, you feel like you want more. And that's what you are going to get... looser and more welcoming."
