 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This story contains straight sex, bi-sex and gay sex. It is listed under the category Gay Male because of the bi-sex and gay sex which is more descriptive than the straight sex.

*****

PRELUDE

A soft hand embraced my stiff member and held it gently then I realized that I had a raging piss hard-on. "Good morning sleepy head. Did I wear you out last night?" my girlfriend whispered in my ear as she fondled my rigid tool.

I was still groggy as I had slept soundly and had some wild dreams. I yawned, stretched and made an attempt to get out of bed. "I have to pee," I told her.

"Not until I get to ride you. I'm going to take advantage of your condition this morning," Raquel remarked as she positioned herself to straddle my morning erection.

Now I would try to survive the morning as she rode my piss hard-on. She was determined to orgasm as many times as she could that morning until she could not cum anymore.

"Don't pee in me," she teased as she rode my shaft like a woman possessed.

"Don't worry, that is not a possibility," I answered remembering how difficult it was to pee with an erection.

A few times in the morning I had to pee so bad that I tried but it wasn't until my penis softened to a semi-erect state that I could urinate. Even then it was difficult to control and I ended up missing the toilet with the first stream. I knew that my cock would stay hard as long as Raquel rode me and that I would not accidentally pee in her pussy. She rode me hard and at times I thought that my bladder would burst but it held out. Finally after a number of mild orgasms she climaxed and collapsed on top of me. I wrapped my arms around her body and held her tight as she bucked and screamed.

Raquel was always vocal when she orgasmed and often she would cum so hard that it was scary. I had gotten used to her orgasmic behavior and I loved to make her cum as much as I could. After a few minutes she rolled off of me and flopped over on her back.  

"That was marvelous. I have to get ready and get to the office," she sighed.

I rolled out of bed and made my way to the bathroom with my erect cock pointing the way. I stood over the toilet and tried to aim so that when I finally urinated that I would not miss the toilet. It took several painful minutes for my erection to soften enough so that I could pee and then finally success. It seemed like I peed for at least two minutes and the pressure was extreme. In the meantime she had jumped in the shower and I knew that I wasn't going to get to fuck her before she left. 

While she was getting dressed I went to the kitchen and made the coffee. Raquel was in a hurry so she took a travel cup of coffee and a banana with her as she left for work. I was horny since I didn't cum during our morning sex. So I decided to check on her brother Nevin who was staying with us.

I walked in and looked around and sure enough I spotted him with his back to me in the bathroom. Nevin was completely naked and I took in his slim lines down to his perfect ass. I stared at his body and once again I was amazed at how much he resembled his sister when he was naked. He had the same color brown hair worn short just covering his neck. His body was hairless and his skin flawless. From the back he looked just like Raquel, about the same height with a slender shapely body and a perfect bubble butt.

I walked quietly toward him and then I reached out and cupped one of his shapely ass cheeks. Nevin leaped in surprise and spun around. I stared as he turned toward me and his erect cock danced in front of him as he spun around. 

"Good morning, did my sister leave?"

"Yes about 15 minutes ago. Looks like you were playing with yourself."

"Yeah I was jerking off thinking about your big cock in my ass. Are you going to fuck me today?"

"Yep, I didn't cum this morning and I was thinking about your hot ass."

"Let's go to my bed but I want to suck you first."

From there we moved into the bedroom and I took off my undershorts. We were both hard and our cocks bobbed in front of us. I got in bed and lay on my back and Nevin got in and lay beside me. He reached down and cupped my bloated balls. As he massaged my balls I felt like my entire body was on fire. His hand moved up and began to stroke me and I could feel the pre-cum he had created spread itself down my shaft. His finger grazed my pee skit and the contact with my soft sensitive skin made me shudder. His one hand cupped my balls as his other seized my shaft and began to slide up and down stroking and squeezing it.

I felt Nevin re-position himself on my bed and then I felt his tongue begin to lap at my throbbing rod. His arms reached behind my legs and pulled me towards him while his tongue slid down to my rigid cock tasting me and sucking me. He took my balls in his mouth and pulled at them with his lips as my dick stiffened with my lustful pleasure. He sucked both balls into his mouth and his tongue danced across them in his warm mouth. I let out a low moan as his hands reached around under me to massage and squeeze my ass cheeks with his delicate hands. I felt that I would cum at any moment. 

"Nevin I'm so close."

He pulled his mouth off of me and looked me in the eyes as he said, "Cory, I want you to cum in my mouth I want to taste you today."

He then seized my dick and engulfed me in his mouth. My swollen cock collided with the roof of his mouth as he swirled his tongue around it. He sucked me hard causing me to arch my hips and then his head bobbed up and down my shaft. I felt the familiar signs of an incredible orgasm building within me. His lips were twisting around the shaft of my cock and he plunged his mouth to the base of my cock then he re-chambered and plunged again. All of a sudden he stopped and used his tongue to stroke the underside of my cock head driving me crazy.

I was beside myself as I needed to cum. I began bucking against him in an effort to get myself off but he wouldn't move, tantalizing me with his inaction. Frustrated I stopped bucking and laid there giving up on what I expected to be a great orgasm. Nevin had me exactly where he wanted me and then he suddenly cupped my balls as his lips surrounded my cock and he sucked me toward him. I felt my cum building inside of me and I exploded into his mouth. I groaned in immense pleasure as streams of hot cum landed against the roof of his mouth and the back of his throat. I felt his throat muscles contract as he drank it down and searched for more. I came as much as I ever had with Raquel. His mouth never left me as he continued to suck on my cock. Finally I couldn't cum anymore and I collapsed down on the bed as my body tingled from head to toe.

As I lay there I was lost for words as I still felt the overwhelming pleasure of male sex. I watched as Nevin lay next to me and stroked his 6" cock. I saw him stiffen and then I watched as ropes and ropes of cum shot out of his cock and covered his body from his neck to his abs. I got turned on just watching him shoot his load and my dick was hard again. My state of desire did not escape him and he spoke to me. 

"Cory I'm ready for you to fuck me. I want to feel your cock in my ass. I want you to fuck me."

Nevin rolled over on all fours and handed me the lubricant. "Take your time and prepare me for your cock and then fuck me in the ass just like you would fuck my sister in her pussy."

I knelt behind Nevin and I begin to caress his beautiful ass; his body was delicate, hairless and flawless. I never got over how much he looked like Raquel from behind with his shapely curvy ass in the air. I put an ample amount of lubricant in my hands and rubbed it all around his anus. I inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing him for my cock.

Even though Raquel had not yet given up her ass, I was no stranger to preparing an ass for my cock and I was getting turned on by the thought of burying my cock in his shapely ass. I moved closer to Nevin and lined up the head of my cock with his anal opening and began to ease it into to him. My cock head cleared his sphincter and it slid right in without resistance. His ass chute was warm and tight as I went deep into him. I was all the way in his ass and I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round ass. 

Nevin asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. My balls started bouncing off of his body and he was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot my seed in his ass. I tried to make it last as long as possible but once he started to contract his sphincter, I lost it.

I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing. As I continued to fuck him, my semen backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out flowing over his balls. He used his talented ass to milk my cock and drain it of all my seed. The milking action weakened me and I collapsed on top of his body. He flattened out on the bed with me on top and my cock still in his ass. I rolled off of him and my hard cock slipped from his ass. He rolled to his back and spread his legs lifting his knees to his chest.

"Can you fuck me again?"

I moved between his legs much like I would with Raquel and lined up my still erect cock with his asshole. He was also as hard as a rock and his beautiful 18 year old cock pointed toward his head. I pressed slightly forward and my cock moved back into his hot bottom. His ass actually pulled me inside and my cock went all the way in him with my balls resting on his buttocks.

"God, that feels so good, fuck me."

His ass lifted off the bed with my cock fully embedded in it. I pulled back a little and pushed forward. He groaned as I began to slowly fuck him. Each time I would start taking longer strokes. My cock head was soon at the edge of his anus before I pushed it back into him. My fucking was making a sucking sound. Each time my balls slammed against his ass, my body and his ass made a wet slapping sound. 

I took slow long strokes in and out of his ass as he pushed up into me more and more. Soon he took control and just fucked my cock. I let him fuck me with his ass. His actions began more erratic and his thrusts shorter and more powerful. He was grunting as my cock slid in and out of his hot ass. Soon my cock was barely staying in his ass. Then Nevin slowed down and let my cock just press against his prostate. He announced that he was cumming and he pulled me down to him and hugged me. I felt his cum shoot between our bodies coating our chests and our abs and then oozing out around our pubes. This set me off and I began to pound my cock in and out of his hole. Determined to cum again, I slammed my cock into his loose wet hole. I felt my balls tighten as I pressed deep into him and my seed filled his rectum.

"Yes cum in my ass again. Oh I feel it."

I pulled, pushed and cum spurted into him making his hole wetter and warmer as my cock easily slid in. I continued fucking him until my legs were weak and my spunk had stopped flowing. My cock slipped from his ass as we cuddled and he stroked my exhausted body. 

"You like my ass don't you?" he whispered almost out of breath.

"I love fucking your ass," I whispered back.

"Have you fucked my sister in the ass yet?"

"No, she hasn't warmed up to the idea but now that you're living with us, I haven't pressured her."

"I'm glad. That way you can keep fucking me."

TWO MONTHS EARLIER

Raquel and I had been dating for close to a year when we decided to live together. Her apartment lease was up for renewal so she moved in with me. I owned a two bedroom condo and had plenty of room for her stuff. The condo also had a basement for storage. We were living together for nearly three months when she asked me if her younger brother could stay with us for the summer. He had just graduated from high school and would be attending a nearby college in the fall. I agreed and we fixed up the other bedroom for him.

When Nevin arrived I couldn't believe how much resemblance there was with him and his sister. Raquel was six years older but they could pass for twins. I was surprised how effeminate he looked and I had a sense that he was gay. However, he never came onto me and I never observed any gay activities.

Raquel was 5'6" tall with short brown hair that covered the nape of her neck. She weighed 110 pounds and had a shapely 33-21-36 figure. Her ass was obviously her best asset particularly since I had always been a leg and ass man. I was still very fit and I worked out almost every day in addition to my favorite athletic activities. I stood at 6'2" tall, weighed 190 pounds with hardly any body fat. I was also very happy with my cock which was 8" long and just over 5" around. Raquel had measured once with a sewing tape measure to satisfy her curiosity.

In 1970's there were STDs but things like HIV and AIDS were not even on the radar screen. One still had to be careful but condoms were rarely used if one only had a single partner. Raquel in particular liked the sensation of semen shooting into her pussy and her mouth. She didn't mind the taste of cum and she always let me cum in her mouth. In return I loved making her cum with my mouth and sucking up her love juices.

One night after a watching a movie Raquel and I were in bed and had finished out first round of love making I began to play with her ass again. As always she put me off when I got close to sticking my cock in her ass. She would let me play with her ass when I fucked her doggy style but that was as far as she would go.

"As much as you go after my ass, I assume that you have fucked other girls in the ass."

"Yes, I have, actually quite a few before we met."

"Did all of them like it?"

"Most of them do but some do it because they want their pussy taken care of."

"I find it hard to believe that any girl likes a big dick in their ass. What do they like about it? I'm sure that they don't orgasm from anal sex."

"You know surprisingly some of them do. This one girl named Charlotte really got off when she felt me cumming in her ass. She loved the feel of semen shooting into her rectum. Other girls finger their pussies while they are being butt fucked and get off," I replied sharing my experience.

"Well one thing for sure is that I am not taking that big dick of yours in my bottom."

"I'll give a rest."

"Good, now all this talk has made me horny again. Get your tongue in my pussy and then fuck me again."

I rubbed Raquel's tits and sucked her nipples into an erect state. Then I began my descent down her body kissing her belly, thighs and finally her pussy. She was sopping wet and after a few licks of her clit she pulled me up by my head.

"Fuck me, I'm ready, fuck me with your big cock."

I eased my dick into her pussy and began to fuck her slowly. Soon my cock was sliding easily in and out of her and we picked up the pace. She wrapped her arms around my back and her legs around the back of my legs. She arched her back as she humped me hard and fast and I made sure that my cock stayed in contact with her clit as I plowed her. We fucked hard and long working ourselves toward an exhaustive state like two athletes sweating, panting and trying to best the other. I could feel my orgasm building but I did not want to cum before her and I was relieved when I felt her tense up.

"Cory, hold me, hold me, I'm coming, oh, oh, oh," she screamed as she reached her crescendo!

She tensed up wrapping her arms around my back and her legs around the back of my legs in a vice like grip. I held her trembling body tight and I could feel her drench my cock with her pussy juice just before my own intense ejaculation. I could feel it building in my balls and then I exploded filling her with my man seed. It seemed endless as I fired round after round of hot cum into her pussy.

I remained still with my cock still in her as she uttered unintelligent moans and sounds as her body quivered. Her vagina muscles were squeezing and releasing my cock milking all the juice out of it. My deflated cock slipped from her vagina and she flinched as cool air touched her opening. I held to her and we cuddled in bed. Unbeknown to us both, Nevin had overheard our conversation about anal sex.

FINDING OUT ABOUT NEVIN

The next Saturday morning Raquel left the condo early as she was meeting some girlfriends for breakfast and then a day of shopping. She wouldn't be home until sometime after dinner. I rolled out of bed just wearing my sleep shorts and headed for the bathroom. After relieving myself and washing up, I headed for the kitchen. I inhaled the coffee aroma as I approached the kitchen but was not prepared for what I saw. Nevin was completely naked pouring a cup of coffee. 

"Nevin, what the fuck are you doing?"

"Oh shit, Cory you startled me. I thought you and my sister were out."

"No just her, she's spending the day with some girlfriends."

"Hey I just made some coffee, do you want to hang out a while?"

"Sure, coffee sounds good but do me a favor and put some pants on."

Nevin laughed and said, "Oh sorry about that."

He put on a pair of spandex shorts that showed off every curve of his ass. The outline of his cock was visible in his shorts. He actually looked sexier with the shorts on and I wasn't sure it was an improvement over his nakedness. I felt my cock stir as I wondered if he was gay and if he took it in the ass. Then I scolded myself for thinking about my girlfriend's brother that way. I sat in an easy chair as he poured the coffee and I watched him as he carried it in. He moved like a girl and his exaggerated body language clearly sent the message that he was gay. He set my coffee on the end table and I watched his curvy ass as he moved over to the sofa. 

We chatted while we had the coffee. He then got us refills and once again I watched his curvy body move gracefully to and from the kitchen. We talked about college, business, politics and other topics before he turned the conversation toward sex.

"Cory do you consider yourself straight or bi?" he asked.

"That's a hell of a question. Why do you ask me that?"

"Well I know that you are fucking my sister but I know she won't let you fuck her ass. I overheard you two talking about anal sex last time. I also noticed the way you watch me. Have you ever had sex with a guy before?"

"No, I haven't. In fact I haven't even considered it."

"I'm sure that you have fucked girls in the ass and have gotten blow jobs from them. There really isn't any difference between a guy's mouth and a girl's mouth or a guy's ass and a girl's ass."

"You know Nevin; I'll have to take your word for that."

"Would you like to fuck me? I know that you like my ass."

"I don't know Nevin. Your offer is tempting. After all you look so much like your sister. I'm not sure that I want anyone to know that I even considered fucking you."

"No one has to know and no one will know unless you tell them. We can be discreet. I have always thought that you were hot and I often thought about you fucking my sister. I wished your cock was sliding into my hole rather than hers and I would jerk off thinking about it."

"I have to tell you Nevin before we go any further that I am not into cock."

"I didn't think you were and that's fine with me. Come on let's go to me bedroom."

As if in a hypnotic state, I followed the seductive 18 year old into his bedroom. I stared at his curvy ass the entire time. He slipped off his spandex shorts and his erection sprang out. He had an average size cock and I wondered what his reaction would be when he saw mine. 

My cock had hardened just from thinking about fucking a shapely ass. It had been over a year since I had anal sex and I missed it. When I slipped off my sleep shorts, it caught in the waistband and then bobbed around. Nevin stared at it and got excited and was anxious for me to fuck him. I told him that I preferred doggy style. He got on all fours on the bed and tossed me the lubricant. He wiggled his curvy ass in anticipation of my fingers. I got the lube out and poured an ample amount in his anus. I took my time fingering his ass until he pleaded with me to stop teasing him and fuck him.
