 Emmett woke up on Gavin's chest, his arms threaded under Gavin's and under the pillow Gavin's head rested on. Emmett kissed the smooth skin that covered Gavin's upper body. 

"I was wondering when you were going to wake up," Gavin whispered groggily. "It's almost nine." Gavin flipped Emmett over and rolled on top of him, suspending himself on his elbows. He leaned in and kissed Emmett on the eyelids, and then took advantage of his open mouth. 

"Good morning to you, too," Emmett said, wrapping his arms around Gavin's torso, drawing Gavin down on top of him. "I'd love to stay in bed all day, but I have a lesson today, and Cassidy is meeting us for coffee at two. Plan accordingly," Emmett bossed good-naturedly. 

"What if I don't let you leave this bed? Then what?" Gavin smiled. 

"Paybacks are a bitch, Mr. Adams," Emmett said, kissing Gavin's chin, then nibbling on Gavin's bottom lip. "I won't stop until you let me out of bed," Emmett threatened while Gavin writhed on top of him. 

"If you keep that up, I'll be so turned on I won't ever be able to leave the bed," he said, pulling away and getting out of bed, pulling Emmett up to his feet with him. Emmett threw his arms around Gavin's neck, kissing his chin again while spinning around. 

"Thank you," he said, walking into the bathroom. Gavin's eyes followed Emmett. Gavin's pulse spiked as his eyes skimmed over Emmett's wide shoulders that tapered down his muscular back to his narrow waist, his black briefs resting below his hips tantalizingly. Emmett's full butt and muscular legs flexed as he walked through the doorway. His voice echoed through the bathroom, pulling Gavin back to reality. 

"You know, it's not polite to stare."

"It's your fault. You just look too damn good," Gavin retorted. Emmett's face peeked around the doorway.

"And don't you like it," Emmett said, smiling widely. 

"You are such a tease!" Gavin shouted, running into the bathroom, picking Emmett up and setting him on the counter. Gavin stepped between Emmett's spread legs and kissed him fervently, kissing from Emmett's neck down his chest and flat, muscular stomach to his hips, sucking on the bone there. Emmett felt himself becoming aroused and pulled Gavin up, away from his arousal. 

"Sorry. I just can't keep my hands--or lips--off you," Gavin apologized breathlessly, kissing Emmett chastely on the lips. He stepped back, kissed Emmett's hand, and left the bathroom. Emmett leaned back against the mirror behind him, taking a deep breath. Was he ready? He needed to tell Gavin the truth. Emmett slid off the counter and walked to Gavin's bedroom door to find it shut. 

"Oh, god, yeah," he heard Gavin mutter inside, and Emmett realized what Gavin was doing. The recognition crushed Emmett. He felt so ashamed that he didn't satisfy Gavin enough, and even a touch angry, but mostly confused. 

Emmett quickly walked back to the bathroom, showered, and dressed. When he walked out, he could smell that Gavin had showered as well. 

Gavin looked at Emmett as he entered the kitchen and immediately knew something wasn't right. He walked over and put a hand on Emmett's neck. 

"Emmett, what's wrong?" Gavin noticed Emmett had shut his eyes. 

"Nothing, why?"

"Emmett . . ." Gavin tilted Emmett's face to his, and immediately saw the pain in Emmett's eyes when he opened them. 

"What did I do, Emmett? What's wrong?" Emmett heard the desperation in Gavin's voice, but tried to ignore it. 

"Honestly, it's nothing. I'm just worried about today with Cassidy. I'm nervous. That's all," Emmett said semi-convincingly. Gavin saw through it, but gave Emmett some space. 

"Whatever you say," he said, taking Emmett's arm and walking downstairs. They grabbed a bagel on the way to the university, and Gavin walked Emmett to his studio. 

"I can only imagine having you as a professor one-on-one behind a shut door," Gavin said, his voice full of mischief. This seemed to distance Emmett even more. Gavin grabbed Emmett's face and held it between his hands. 

"Listen, I don't know what you're worried about or what I did to cause you pain, but I'm here. It hurts that you don't trust me enough to tell me." He stared into Emmett's non-responsive face. "Have a good day, Emmett. I'll see you at Kelly's at two. Cassidy's going to pick you up." Gavin kissed Emmett's cheek and walked away. 

--

"Okay, you need to tell me what's up," Cassidy demanded, sitting across from him in Kelly's café. 

"I really don't know, Cass. I really care about him. More than I thought I could. It's just . . . this morning when we woke up, he went a bit too far--"

"Wait, what do you mean, 'when we woke up'? You slept together?"

"Yes, and that's all it was: sleeping. Anyways, we got a little carried away in the bathroom. The part that scares me is that I really want to go farther with him, because he makes me feel safe. But at the same time, I can't have that be the basis of our relationship."

"Do you really think--never mind. That's between you two." 

"Anyways, when I stopped him this morning, he seemed really cool with it. He respected me, but I was outside his room when I was supposed to be in the shower, and I overheard, and well, he took care of it himself, if you know what I mean." Emmett paused to blush. "This is told to no one, do you understand?"

"Em, I'm your best friend. What else can I do if not listen and give input to you, then keep my mouth shut?"

"Thanks. Anyways, I just," Emmett paused, letting out a breath, "I don't know. I feel ashamed, guilty, and angry at the same time."

"You shouldn't, not at all. I don't see what the big deal is. Think about it. If Gavin got you all stirred up, didn't want to cross that boundary, and you needed release, wouldn't you just do it yourself? I don't see the problem. He cares about you just as much, if not more, than you care about him. You actually have no idea how much he feels for you. I bet he just knew that his, uh, excitement, wouldn't go away if he didn't do something about it."

"So, I'm reading too much into this? Again?"

"Mmhmm. Sorry, darling, but it's different in the world of the seeing," Cassidy said, taking a sip of her drink. Emmett laughed, taking the comment in stride. "Speaking of Gavin, here he is now." Emmett heard the door open and close. "It's about time," Cassidy sneered. 

"Sorry I'm late," Gavin apologized, coming over to the table. He leaned down and gave Emmett a kiss on the ear. Gavin saw him shudder from the contact. "Hey, you. Feeling better?"

"Yes, I am, thank you," Emmett answered, grabbing Gavin's hand under the table. 

"I ordered your usual," Cassidy told him. 

"Thank you." 

"I really have to get back to the studio to practice, but I need to use the restroom first. Coffee goes right through me," Emmett said. He got up and counted his steps to the bathroom. 

Cassidy glared at Gavin from across the table. 

"What?" Gavin asked innocently, seeing the look on her face. 

"You need to be careful. Emmett is finally opening up to you, and you can't blow it."

"Cass, I don't plan on it. I know this sounds really cliché for having only been in the relationship, roommate or more, for a month, but I don't ever plan on going anywhere. Honestly, he's it for me."

"You don't understand, though, Gav. You need to be careful how you, uh, proceed with things," Cassidy told him. 

"I don't plan on rushing him physically, if that's what you mean."

"Well, no, I'd hope not, since it will be his first time," Cassidy said, finishing her coffee. 

"What?"

"Oh, shit," Cassidy said, realizing by the look on Gavin's face that he didn't know. 

"Wait, what do you mean by 'first time'? You can't possibly expect me to believe that a man as gorgeous as Emmett has never--"

"Listen, Gavin," Cassidy said seriously. "Once most guys found out he was blind, they ran. The few that stuck around treated it like a fad. 'I'm dating a blind guy,' seemed really nice since they got so much attention out of it. After the fun was over, though, they left, especially when they found out he was genuinely interested in someone to spend his life with, not a quick fuck."

"He's never done anything?" Gavin asked. 

"Gavin, let me put it this way since you're having such a hard time grasping this concept. You are the second man he's ever kissed. Ever. The first guy was the only other man he'd ever let his guard down with. His name was John. The asshole broke it off suddenly and left Emmett at the restaurant where he'd ended it while he went his own way. Emmett sat there for two hours until Matt was able to pick him up. Listen, I'd love to stay and talk, but I am supposed to be at a client's house in ten minutes. Tell Emmett 'bye' for me," Cassidy said, walking out. Emmett emerged a couple seconds later. 

"You, me, home, now," Gavin ordered, practically picking Emmett up. Emmett was very confused, and asked the question eating away at his insides before they reached the building. 

"Where's Cass? Why is this so urgent? And why at home?"

"Where better?" Gavin asked to answer his question. 

Once in the apartment, Gavin led Emmett to the couch, and then sat on the table in front of it, facing him. Gavin put his hands on top of Emmett's, which were resting on his legs. 

"Why didn't you tell me, Emmett?" Gavin asked softly. He immediately noticed the tears come to Emmett's eyes as he blushed and looked down. He closed his eyes and pulled his hands out from underneath Gavin's. 

"No, damn it, Emmett, I'm not letting you shut me out now. Why didn't you tell me?" Gavin asked persistently, grabbing Emmett's hands again.

"It's so hard for me, Gavin. I was going to this morning, but you were, uh . . ." Emmett trailed off. 

"Shit," Gavin cursed under his breath, beating himself up. 

"No, it's okay. I understand; I would've done the same. But the last time I told someone, he broke it off on the spot. He wanted nothing to do with me. His name was--"

"John," Gavin interrupted. 

"I'm going to kill Cassidy," Emmett said, wiping a tear from his face. "I was--am, for that matter--so afraid that you would leave, Gavin--"

"Emmett, he was an asshole. I'm not going anywhere. If you never decided to bring a physical aspect to this relationship, I'd still be here. That's how much you mean to me, Emmett." Gavin grabbed Emmett's face in his hands, moving to sit down next to Emmett on the couch. "I love you, Emmett. You need to know that. I'm not going anywhere anytime soon, no matter what you or anyone else tells me." Gavin leaned back against the arm of the couch, pulling Emmett into him. He wrapped his arms around Emmett and kissed his ear lightly. 

Emmett's mind was reeling. He was so overwhelmed that he didn't know what to do but let the tears keep falling. 

"What? What's wrong?" Gavin asked, concerned. 

"I love you, too, Gavin," Emmett sputtered out, turning over to wrap his arms around Gavin. "This wasn't the way I planned on telling you," Emmett said into Gavin's chest. "I didn't even know if I would get the chance."

Gavin kissed Emmett's forehead, then leaned back again. The two lay there that way, falling asleep in each others' arms. 

--

Gavin woke up and looked down, smiling. Emmett was fast asleep with his arms wrapped around Gavin tightly. Gavin kissed the top of his head and then looked over to the window. The sun was just starting to set, so Gavin looked at the clock.

"Shit!" Gavin exclaimed, realizing he was supposed to be at one of his restaurants over an hour ago. Emmett stirred, but snuggled into Gavin's chest even more. Gavin thought that this display was the cutest thing he'd ever seen, but unfortunately, he had to end it. 

"Hey, Emmett," Gavin whispered gently in his ear. "It's time to wake up. I was supposed to be at work a while ago," Gavin said, sitting Emmett up. 

"Then why are you still here?" Emmett teased, blinking the tiredness away. "Go, go to work. I'll be here when you get home. I should be practicing anyways, not cuddle-raping you." Gavin laughed and kissed Emmett ardently. 

"You can do anything to me and I would probably enjoy it," Gavin smiled, kissing Emmett again. Emmett pushed him off the couch and Gavin stumbled to his feet, surprised. 

"You're going to be really late now. Go," Emmett ordered. 

"I love it when you tell me what to do," Gavin whispered suggestively, bending down and nibbling Emmett's earlobe. Emmett gasped and pulled away, kissing Gavin quickly on the chin while rising. 

"You are a lost cause," Emmett teased. "Now, seriously, go!" Gavin kissed Emmett deeply one more time before he left. 

"I'll see you later. I love you, Emmett," Gavin said, kissing his forehead. 

"I love you," Emmett answered, "but if you don't get out of here now, I might not let you leave at all tonight."

Gavin laughed, and Emmett heard the door close, signaling Gavin's departure. Emmett walked to the piano room, sat down, and practiced for the six hours that Gavin was gone. 

--

Gavin walked in the house a few minutes after midnight, hearing the piano play. He walked through the kitchen and down the hall, then leaned in the doorway of the room. 

"Have you been practicing this entire time?" Gavin asked. Emmett jumped, surprised at the voice. 

"Yes," he said simply. "But now that you're home, I can think of other things to do with my hands." Emmett stopped and blushed. "Sorry. That was a little too far."

"You are too damn cute when you blush," Gavin said, pulling Emmett up into a staggering kiss. 

"You need to stop that," Emmett said, pulling away. 

"What? What did I do?" Gavin stepped away, grabbing Emmett's hands in his. 

"If you keep kissing me like you just did, I'm liable to never let you stop," Emmett said. 

"Yes, that would be tragic, wouldn't it?" Gavin smiled, kissing Emmett again. "Did you miss me while I was away?"

"No, silly, I had my piano," Emmett said matter-of-factly. Gavin thought he was serious until he saw the playfulness in Emmett's eyes and Emmett continued. 

"I'm just kidding. Lighten up," he said, while encircling Gavin's waist with his arms and resting his head on Gavin's shoulder. Gavin ran his hands through Emmett's hair and sighed. 

"Let's go to bed," Gavin said, yawning. "I know you have a few lessons tomorrow and I have to be at the office for the restaurants at seven." He leaned down and picked Emmett up, carried him down the hall, and set him gently on his feet in the bedroom. He proceeded by unbuttoning Emmett's shirt and slipping it off of him, then lifting Emmett's undershirt over his head. Gavin ran his hands down Emmett's chest and stomach and wrapped his arms around Emmett's waist, drawing Emmett in. They kissed tenderly while Gavin ran his hands up Emmett's back and Emmett ran his hands through Gavin's hair and down his neck. Gavin leaned Emmett back onto the bed and removed his jeans. Gavin then stood up and removed his own clothes, then lay back down on his side next to Emmett, resting his head on one hand, running the other down Emmett's chest. Emmett shuddered from Gavin's light touch. 

"Good night, gorgeous," Gavin said to Emmett. Emmett rolled on top of Gavin. 

"Good night," Emmett said, leaning down and kissing Gavin. Emmett lay back down, and felt Gavin's bare chest against his back. Gavin draped his arm over Emmett's waist before falling asleep. 

--

Cassidy looked at Emmett. For the first time for as long as she had known him, there was a true happiness behind those eyes. Not only that, but every time she had seen him and Gavin exchange glances, she picked up on a fire there after the day at the café last week when Gavin had learned Emmett's secret. 

"So, does Gavin know we're here?" Emmett asked her.

"No, but he will soon enough," Cassidy said, taking the last bite of her lunch. Sure enough, Gavin walked out to greet his customers, like always. Cassidy noticed Gavin spot Emmett sitting there and watched the smile spread across his face as he made his way over. Emmett turned in Gavin's direction and surprised him.

"Hey," Emmett greeted. 

"Hey, you," Gavin said, leaning down for a quick kiss. "How'd you know it was me?"

"Well, I could feel Cassidy staring at you--call it a sixth sense--and I smelled you when you walked over."

"Smelled me? Maybe we should shower when we're home." He paused. "Enjoy your lunch?"

"Yes; the food was great," Emmett said. 

"Uh, hello," Cassidy said, interrupting their one-to-one conversation. "May I interject?"

"Yes, but I have to get back upstairs. I'll talk to you later, Cassidy. Emmett, I'll see you at home," he said, giving Emmett another quick kiss, then disappearing. 

"It's a little annoying that every time you two are around each other, anyone else around ceases to exist," Cassidy said. 

"Cass--"

"I'm happy for you. Don't mind me," Cassidy said. "Alright, I have to get back to my office and plan a remodel for some bitchy WASP. She wants her kitchen completely redone. Let's walk back to your apartment," Cassidy said. 

Once there, Cassidy said goodbye and left. Emmett got a drink, thinking about his plan, then put it into action. He walked to Gavin's room and felt his way around, carrying all of Gavin's belongings into his room. Emmett moved all of the clothes into his dresser and huge closet, and put his other things in the nightstand and bathroom. Satisfied, he walked to his practice room, sat down at the piano, and practiced for a few hours. Afterwards, he went to the refrigerator, looking for something to eat, when he heard the door unlock and open. Emmett spun around, surprised and slightly afraid, until Gavin's voice filled the room. 

"You're not allowed to eat," Gavin said. "I've already made plans for us."

"Well, hello to you, too," Emmett smiled. "What are you doing home so early?" Gavin walked over to him, embracing him. 

"What, aren't you happy to see me?" Gavin asked, feigning disappointment. 

"I should show you how disappointed I am," Emmett answered, smiling widely. 

"Well, I'm sure I'd like that, but we need to get going. I'm going to go get changed, and you should do the same. Tee-shirts and jeans should do for tonight, and you might want a sweatshirt since it might get a little chilly this evening."

Gavin walked back to his room to change, only to find his dresser empty. He looked in his closet, nightstand, and bathroom, which were also empty. He immediately expected the worst, and was absolutely crushed. He sat down on the bed, dizzy, nauseous, and on the verge of tears. 

"Emmett," Gavin called. Emmett immediately heard both the panic and the despair in his voice and rushed down the hall, wondering what had caused his alarm.

"Gavin, what's wrong?" a concerned Emmett asked, standing in the doorway. "Where are you?"

"On the bed." Emmett walked over to the bed and sat next to Gavin, who immediately enfolded Emmett in his arms. 

"What did I do, Emmett? What did I do wrong?" Gavin asked, finally giving in to the tears lurking behind his eyes. 

"What are you talking about Gavin?"

"Where are m--" Gavin didn't finish, as Emmett finally figured out what the problem was.

"Shh. Follow me," Emmett told him, grabbing Gavin's hand and leading him across the hall. Emmett opened his closet door and switched on the light. Gavin stepped inside and saw all of his clothes hanging or folded on the shelves next to Emmett's. 

"See? I figured there's no sense in two rooms and two closets and two bathrooms since you're in here with me most of the time, anyways."

Gavin breathed a sigh of relief, moved by the gesture. He tried to imagine the time and effort it took Emmett to move all of his possessions from one room to the other and organize them, all without being able to see. He turned around, tears in his eyes, and saw Emmett leaning against the doorframe of the closet, beaming. Gavin was touched, and the tears started falling again. 
