 Emmett awoke, disentangling himself from Gavin gently, trying not to wake him. He rose from the bed after sitting on the edge for a moment to stretch. Quietly, he walked to the kitchen. Gavin woke up to the sound of the coffee grinder, and padded down the hall silently. 

Stepping into the kitchen, Gavin admired Emmett as he set the coffee grounds on the counter, waiting for the water to heat up before putting both in the French-press. Every toned muscle used to complete this task showed itself, and Gavin watched lovingly. It was hard for Gavin to believe that Emmett had been in the hospital only two weeks earlier. He pushed the thought from his mind, letting the past remain just that. 

"You are the only man in the world who makes the act of making coffee sexy," he said in a low voice. 

"I doubt that," Emmett said, turning around. Gavin walked up to him, picked him up and set him on the counter. He ran his hands down Emmett's chest and stomach, loving the feel of the short, light dusting of hair tickling his palms and fingertips. 

Emmett wrapped his legs around Gavin, pulling him against the counter and into a quick kiss. He wrapped his arms around Gavin's neck, and Gavin took full advantage of the position. He picked Emmett up and, while kissing him, walked toward the bedroom. 

"The coffee--" Emmett muttered half-heartedly, his nose rubbing against Gavin's. 

"Fuck the coffee," Gavin whispered gruffly, kissing Emmett deeply. 

"You're remarkably convincing, Mr. Adams," Emmett smiled, reeling from the kiss. He bent his head down for another short kiss before he had the feeling of weightlessness and the recognition that he was falling. He felt the bed embrace his impact, then Gavin on top of him. 

"You need to stop wearing these, because when you do, I just can't help myself," Gavin said, throwing Emmett's black underwear into the hamper in the corner. 

"I would think you'd have better control over yourself," Emmett teased, wrapping his arms around Gavin and grabbing his buttocks with both hands. Gavin pulled back and away after the comment cautiously. He walked into the closet, and Emmett wondered where he was going. 

"What are you doing?" Emmett asked. Before he knew it, Gavin had him in his favorite pair of lounge pants, and kissed him again. 

"Having control," Gavin said, lying on his back beside Emmett. Emmett couldn't decide whether he was relieved or disappointed, but decided he was more the former. He rolled over onto Gavin's chest, lacing his fingers through Gavin's, and stretching both of their arms up. He leaned down and kissed Gavin, wishing he could look into Gavin's eyes.

"I trust you, Gavin. I hope you know that," he said. Gavin felt a feeling of warmth as Emmett's eyes pierced into his soul. He could see the meaning behind Emmett's words reflected in the dark brown looking-glasses. 

"I do," Gavin said, kissing Emmett again, then realizing the significance of the words. He saw that Emmett had the same thought running through his head, told by his blush. Emmett rolled off of him, lying beside him on his side. 

"I know. I heard when you told me you loved me every night in the hospital," Emmett stated.

"What? When? But you were--" Gavin was puzzled. 

"Yes, I know, but I still heard. I also heard every time you read The Importance of Being Earnest. I don't know how, and I didn't realize it then. When I woke up, though, and I saw your script on the counter, I knew that you really did read that play to me in all of your silly voices."

"Emmett--"

"You're actually pretty good, you know."

"Emmett--"

"It was nice that your voice wasn't a dream, too, like I thought." 

"Emmett!" Gavin said, almost shouting, gripping the sides of Emmett's face with his hands while rolling atop him. Emmett flinched at the surprise sensation on his face. 

"What?" he asked quietly, almost fearfully. 

"I meant it when I said it, and I mean it when I tell you I love you now, too. Every time." Gavin kissed Emmett again, making no hurry of stopping. 

"Thank you for staying there. Cassidy told me this week just how much you were at the hospital. I really had no idea," Emmett said, trying not to get choked up and nervous about the question he wanted to ask. He kept hearing Gavin's words to Cassidy play through his mind: "Just because I plan on spending forever with this man . . ." His thoughts were interrupted by Gavin's heartfelt statement.

"I couldn't spend another minute away from you than what I had to," Gavin said, noticing the cloud covering the sun in Emmett's eyes. "What's wrong? What are you thinking about?"

"Nothing," Emmett said, but before he knew it, he was pulled on top of Gavin, his face again in Gavin's hands. 

"Damn it, Emmett, that's bullshit and you and I both know it. We are not going to play these games again," Gavin said adamantly, still seeing distance in Emmett's eyes. To Gavin's surprise, Emmett relaxed on top of him, holding him tightly and burying his face into Gavin's naked chest. He inhaled deeply and let it out shakily, taking in his favorite smell for safekeeping. Gavin was puzzled now more than angry, and his tenderness arose again.

"What are you doing?" Gavin asked quietly. 

"I'm sorry. I'm saving this moment, your smell, the sound of your voice, just in case it doesn't happen," Emmett said.

"Just in case what doesn't happen? Emmett, what's wrong? What are you talking about?" Gavin asked persistently, running his hand reassuringly through Emmett's hair and down his neck and back while becoming more and more alarmed himself. 

"Did you mean what you told Cassidy at the hospital?" Emmett asked.

"Wait, when?"

"When you said that you planned on spending forever with me," Emmett managed to get out, wishing yet again he could look at Gavin. "When you told me you were here to stay."

Gavin drew Emmett up and enfolded him, kissing his cheek. 

"I meant every word," Gavin whispered into Emmett's ear. "I'm never walking out again, Emmett. You can scream and shout and holler and do whatever you please, but you won't be alone again unless you decide to off me." Gavin and Emmett both wanted to laugh at the last statement, but found it impossible to muster the sound. They clung to one another, both of them almost desperate for the reassurance. "That is, of course, if you want that, too." Emmett saw his opportunity, and took it. 

"I do," he breathed into Gavin's ear. Gavin turned his head for another kiss. Breaking away to breathe, Gavin looked at Emmett. 

"That's all I needed to hear," he said, kissing Emmett profoundly yet again. 

They lay there for the next fifteen minutes wrapped around one another. They had closed their eyes and were close to more sleep, until finally Emmett spoke. 

"Gavin?"

"Mmm?" Gavin mumbled.

"What color are your eyes?" 

The question took Gavin aback, and he blinked his eyes open to look down and over at Emmett, who was gazing up at him. 

"They're blue-green, but they're really light," Gavin said. 

Emmett smiled and put his head back in the crook of Gavin's neck. He got up, then, attempting to drag Gavin with him.

"Come on, you. We need to get some coffee and breakfast and get out of here," Emmett said, still pulling Gavin's dead weight.

"What about showering?" Gavin asked innocently.

"What am I going to do with you?" Emmett asked, shaking his head and smiling at the man he loved. 

"Well, you could take me with you to the shower for starters," Gavin replied to Emmett's rhetorical question, getting up. 

"My, you are persistent. Breakfast first, though," Emmett said, and they walked out of the bedroom together.