 I had read about, and been turned on by, the erotic experiences of visitors to sex cinemas in various locations and decided that it might be interesting to see for myself if there was any truth in these accounts. I had mulled this over for a long time and, while I did not think I had the nerve for participating in such an encounter, rationalised that I could at least enjoy watching some porn on the screen and, possibly, in the flesh too if I was lucky.

On the day of my visit, I dressed simply in a black T-shirt and tracksuit bottoms but did not wear underpants on the basis that masturbating surreptitiously whilst in the cinema would be easier. The freedom of movement this provided and the thought of what I was about to do this caused my cock to become erect, but I resisted the urge to touch myself. ......just!

On arrival I approached the kiosk, paid my entry fee and then went through the doors to the cinema and into the darkness. A film was in progress and I glanced at this as I fumbled my way to a seat in the middle of a row a few rows from the back.

As my eyes adjusted to the darkness, I noted that there were around 80 seats and only about a dozen of these were occupied, one guy being on the same row of seats as me. The film showed a couple of young, fit looking guys, who were engaged in vigorous oral and anal sex. I settled down into my seat, and after a couple of minutes of watching this scene, could resist the urge to rub my cock no longer. 

To try and make sure I was not observed I slid down the seat and slipped my hand under the waistband of my tracksuit. My cock was rock hard and I teased it gently, anxious not to cum too quickly.

I was brought up sharp as I realised that the guy on my row had stood and moved towards me. I quickly pulled my hand out of tracksuit and tried to look normal. 

He leant down to me and said "Hi, I'm Richard. What do you think of the film?

He appeared to be in his mid twenties and good looking with a slim body. 

"It's very sexy, quite a turn on" I replied, trying, but struggling, to retain my composure.

Richard continued "You're new here aren't you? I haven't seen you before anyway. I wondered if you fancied a bit of company." 

"Sure, have a seat and tell me what you think of this film".

He sat next to me and leant toward my ear and said "It's not bad but I've had nicer cocks in here many times. Know what I mean?"

I understood from this that he was a frequent visitor and was probably up for a little sexy fun with me.

Richard's leg was pressed against mine and his hand was resting on it. He rubbed his leg and his fingers touched my thigh. He said "look at that cock" as one of the actors took his cock out of his partner's mouth and slid it back in again up to his shaven balls.

At the same time Richard's hand moved over to my leg and started to rub gently. When I didn't object he became more adventurous, applying a little more pressure and moving slowly up my thigh towards my now throbbing prick.

I said "that's lovely Richard. Please don't stop."

He needed no further encouragement and ran his hand gently over my genitals. I knew then that I was in his power and would let him do whatever he wanted to me. I couldn't resist.

I think he sensed that I was his for the taking and ran his hand up from my prick, under my T-shirt and up my belly and chest, before kneading and pinching my erect nipples. This was kind of pleasurable but painful at the same time and heightened the sexual charge I felt in my groin.

Next he slid his hand down my belly, fumbled under the elastic of my waistband and then down, causing a shiver of excitement, before taking hold of my cock. His hand was moving up and down, pulling back the foreskin. 

"How's that feel?"

"It's wonderful, don't stop" I spluttered.

His ministration to my need continued and after a further minute or so, when I was beyond control, he pulled my tracksuit bottoms down, enough to free my cock and balls and provide unrestricted access. 

A couple of guys in the row in front had turned to look but I was past caring, feeling wanton and up for anything. The guys in front reached over and pulled on my tracksuit bottom, and I felt it slide to my ankles, leaving me very exposed. I had read about this kind of thing happening in sex cinemas but hadn't really expected it to happen to me.

My new intimate friend then leant over and licked the tip of my cock, causing me to shudder with pleasure. I knew it wouldn't be long now. 

Richard turned his head away and spat on his other hand, before starting to play with my arse. A finger probed me and, with a little pressure exerted, slid into me. He worked his finger vigorously and loosened my sphincter before adding a second finger and then a third. 

Then, as he sucked hard on the end of my prick there was no more holding back and I shot my spunk deep into his mouth. Richard continued sucking eagerly and swallowed my load. 

As the orgasm subsided, Richard leant over again and kissed me full on the mouth and I tasted my salty cum on his tongue.

After a minute or so of recovering my breath and composure, my new friend said "OK, now it's your turn" as he pushed me to the floor and unzipped his trousers. What could I do after he'd generously made me feel welcome in new surroundings and given me one of the most intense orgasms ever? I got to work, freeing his cock, which was longer than my own at about eight inches and shaven, before sliding his trousers and underpants down his thighs. 

I began by licking tentatively at the head of his cock. He clasped a hand to the back of my head and pulled me towards him, forcing his cock deeper into my mouth until it was touching the back of my throat and I started to gag, whereupon he released the pressure just enough for me to take breath, before pushing his cock back into my throat.

My pants were still round my ankles and now Richard was pulling up my T shirt, over my head, exposing almost all of me to anyone who chose to look -- fortunately this was only the two guys from the row in front whose hands started to wander over my body. One of them took hold of my cock and with a little encouragement it grew hard again. He was wanking me off. The other had inserted two fingers into my arse and was working on widening my sphincter. I didn't care.

After a couple of minutes I felt Richard's body tense and he pulled my head hard down on his prick before gasping as he released a stream of spunk into my mouth.

I swallowed the spunk down eagerly and sucked hard until there was no more. The guys in the row in front had started to get it on with each other and discontinued their attentions to my now not so private areas.

When he'd recovered, Richard said "that was just what I needed. You suck good cock. I like to do you again properly in private."

After re-arranging our clothes, we kissed and arranged to meet again soon. But that's a story for another time!