 Hello everyone...this is my first story and well I hope you like it. As information: I was inspired by yaoi (boy x boy) manga, but only in the aspect of the "host club". It is a club where people can either just pay to be entertained and charmed by the gorgeous people working there, or, in some at least, can 'rent' the hosts for the night. I'm actually German but I like the English language better. I hope there aren't too many mistakes.

___________________________________

His heart was beating wildly. Jake gasped as I got even nearer. There was almost no way to escape. But did he want to escape? Well, I wouldn't let him. Not in a hundred years.

"I'm not gay damnit!!"

I snickered and leaned in, so that our faces were only a few inches apart.

"I know. Today is actually not the first time we meet."

Jake was astonished. It was SO damn cute. Just so unlike his usual self. This jock here was straight to the bone and beat the crap out of anyone who dared to say anything else. Or anyone who was different from that. Someone like me.

"It's not??" I couldn't help but laugh.

"No. I just told you so. I know you quite well Jake Robinson." 

For a moment a sour expression appeared on my face. It was almost part of my daily routine to be called a fag or to be threatened. Especially by him and his pals. Normally I would just let them hit me even though I'm not weak (at all!!) and can take on a couple of guys without any problems. I actually do a lot of sports. Never the less I did it to keep up my nerdy image. I don't want to share my private life with those who aren't worth it. I don't like people 'liking' me because of the money I make. But well, lately it has started to freak me out to just stand there and let them do whatever they want. They are so damn full of themselves that it makes me want to beat the crap out of THEM. Particularly because I knew Jake wasn't all that bad. Well, at least when he was not being the total jerk that he was in school. And by the way..the bruises were really not useful at my job. My body was my capital. 

As soon as I realized the puzzled look on Jake's face, I went back to chuckling softly. I would deal with my thoughts later. Before he could react I placed my lips on his. I probably wouldn't get another chance at this. The strong pull of my glamorous second world and the alcohol he drank helped me to "convince" him for the moment. Only for the moment. I took a deep breath to remain calm. I had the urge to knock him down and at the same time to push him to the ground and just take him. He's well built and his face is gorgeous. My little jock here has the most mesmerizing green eyes I've ever seen, framed by long jet black lashes. 

With a little moan he gave in to my passionate kiss. His knees seemed to go completely soft and he was eager for more. He felt the heat of my body, just like I felt his and he tried to get more of it. He pressed himself firmly against me shortly. When Jake tensed, it was easy to guess what he was thinking. As soon as the scaredy cat realized he was hungry for a man, that damn jerk tried to back out. Frustrating. And here I thought my magic worked on him. Nice joke.

Angrily I growled and grabbed him more tightly and deepened the kiss. I shoved my tongue into his mouth and explored it for a bit. I could feel him relax a little. Oh this was so damn bitter sweet. Too bad this would be over tomorrow. I released him and waited for his reaction.

Jake leaned against the wall and stared at the ground.

"Not so straight anymore, huh?" 

He tried to ignore the tease, but could not help himself. He blushed slightly. That was new. I never saw him do that.

"I still am you stupid faggot. Where do you know me from?" 

"Oh come on. As if I'd tell you. Faggots have it hard these days." 

I snickered. This was more like him.

Jake's heart didn't seem to calm and his cheeks glowed in a slight red.

"I..I.. I would like to see you again." 

Now THAT was a surprise. I couldn't help but smile. At least he was honest with himself.

"You can come to the club."

"You know I can't do that. I'm underage."

"Yeah as if THAT would be the problem."

I still couldn't quite figure how he had ended up here today. As a 'real man' he wouldn't freely come here a second time. 

Another chuckle from me made him look up, trying not to look too angry and maybe chase me away. As if. I dove in for another kiss and this time he gave in more easily. Suddenly he seemed to remember he was a man and tried to fight with me over the dominance. Jake tried turning us both around to get my back to the wall. No way in hell. At least for the moment he lost. I growled angrily and wrestled intensely with his tongue which made him moan in an absolutely non-dominant way. That's the way aha- aha.

My hand slowly slid underneath his shirt and I could feel him stiffen. If we wouldn't have been still kissing, I'd probably have sighed. How could I ever forget the work of making a straight accept the fact that kissing a gay (and liking it) isn't the end of the world? Resisting to be too rough with him I only drew small circles on the skin of his waist and made him shiver. As soon as he relaxed I moved up some more to touch his nipples. He groaned in delight as I lightly pinched them. I felt his cock stirring in his well fitting jeans. With one hand I teased his nipples while my other hand wandered down and unbuckled the belt. I ignored his protests and pinched his nipples harder as a punishment. I could feel he liked it in a way. I smiled to myself when I broke the kiss to nibble at his neck. My teeth grazed over the soft skin. He moaned with pleasure. 

Hoping he wouldn't back out I stroked over the growing bulge between his legs. Surprisingly Jake's hands began to feel me up too. The cold hands against my skin heated me up and my already hard dick began aching again. With his eyes half closed he stared up to me lazily with his lips slightly open. How the hell did he become so damn sexy? His husky voice was music to my ears. 

Finally I slid my hand underneath the waistband of his boxers and for the first time I held his cock. It wasn't quite thick but in length a bit above average. Just how I liked it. I slowly began stroking it and I already felt a bit of precum leak out. So he WAS hot for me. The thought of this person lusting for my touch was making me horny as hell. I groaned and dropped to my knees. Jake was at first shocked, but got already lightheaded when I slid my tongue over his lower belly. My dark haired beauty let his head sink back against the wall with a groan. Slowly I pulled out his dick and looked at it before planting a kiss at its top. I treasured the few drops of precum and licked his cock clean before licking the whole length of it. Jake moaned loudly.

"You..you..uhh..shouldn't.."

Ignoring his stuttering I shut him of by taking the head of his dick in the warm wetness of my mouth. Again he groaned, reassuring me to go on although he was still fighting with himself. Jake's hands dug suddenly in my hair when I took him further in. The boy surely liked it. My tongue was working hard on him and with the growing effort I put in, Jake's resistance faded. I started bobbing my head up and down, taking in as much of him as possible. He sure tasted good to me. More precum leaked out and I guessed he'd soon be ready to shoot. I felt him stiffen from time to time depending on how I teased him. 

Slowly I sank deeper on his cock - controlling my urge to gag was no problem. I'm a pro. Jake moaned loudly when he felt the close grasp of my throat. My mouth was definitely full now, but I liked it none the less. I began sucking harder and felt him tensing. He almost began fucking my face if I hadn't placed a hand on his waist, slowing him down. I wanted to treasure the sensation at least a bit. His breathing was heavy when he pushed firmly forward and released the first spurt of cum. I swallowed and pushed him further back so I could taste him properly. I sucked hardly and swallowed the rest of his juice. 

I rose and ignored the raging hard on in my pants and leaned against the wall for a minute. Then I turned with the intention to leave. I would be sorry to have done this tomorrow. My heart already began aching. It would be truly killing me. 

This is because the damn true and most stupid fact is: I like him. I really do. He didn't treat me bad until he understood that I was just not straight. That I was gay just freaked him out.

"W-wait! Where are you going?"

"Now what do you think? I have to earn my money."

Jake seemed to not quite get the situation. Well..I didn't either. I wanted him, but he'd hate me for doing him. I saw his image before me even though I wasn't facing him at the moment. Maybe I simply should...

I turned back towards him before I could change my mind and raised my hand and resisted to ruffle through his hair. Instead I grabbed his chin and turned his face from one side to the other as if I was actually checking him up even though I knew every inch of that beautiful face of his. The straight nose. The high cheekbones. The curved lips. Oh those lips. 

This was frickin annoying. I sounded like a fool in love. A dumb idiot. A jerk who couldn't face reality. My decision was made. How uncool that I'm stupid enough to try.

I grabbed him harder an kissed him, making him taste himself in my mouth.

"Well..Let's make a deal. If you find me, and I mean my true me, I'll be all yours."

I'm an idiot.