 The cool onshore breeze from the lake tickled and cooled my bare ass cheeks, which were starting to show a shade of pink from their first exposure to the sun's rays, which I imagined reflecting off the blue glass knob of the metal butt plug I had inserted before lying down in the sand

It was time to roll over, something I had been thinking about doing, but hesitating out of nerves and a little fear about crossing a line I was eager to cross, knowing I would not likely be able to turn back. 

It would finally mean exposure of a different kind, and it's all I had been thinking about as I worked out and toned my long body through the cold months of winter. 

The beach was secluded, and well off the beaten path. It was also known as a place men went to play with other men. That's what I was here for. I wanted to show off my body and cock to other men, and then follow wherever that led. 

And I wanted it to lead to sex - outside on the beach in full view of whoever wanted to watch. 

So I rolled over.

I had shaved myself smooth and bare below the waist, and then pushed my cock and balls into a thick two-inch chrome cock ring. That swollen shaved package of pent-up lust was now thrusting skyward, lifting the sheer white satin thong that barely encased my shaft and cock head. 

The ridge of my cock head was clearly visible through the ultra-thin material, showing anyone who wanted to look that I had a nice 6 inch cut cock with a bulbous mushroom head topping it off. 

And look they did. 

I had been aware of a number of guys walking up and down the beach during the hour or so I had been lying on my stomach, steeling myself for the next step. 

I had heard footsteps in the bushes that bordered and protected the beach. I had read that the bushes are where men went to play - to lick and suck and fuck. But that wasn't my target. I wanted my first cock fun to happen out here on the sand, in the open. 

The tiny white triangle of thong that framed my offering was pushing farther and farther away from my body as blood rushed into my now almost fully erect cock, trapped there by the thick silver ring. 

Anyone could now see that I was fully shaved, and fully horny. I was sending signals, and I didn't have to wait long. 

From behind me I heard steps crunching through the bushes, and then sounding softer as they approached me across the sand. One guy or two? It sounded like two. 

Was my first public gay romp going to be a threeway? My cock oozed precum at the thought, precum I dipped into the thong to capture on my finger, and then taste. I was literally dizzy with desire. 

"Well what have we here?" His voice was deep, but soft in tone. 

"I think we have lunch." came a reply. There were two!

In response I pulled my aching shaft out of the confines of the tiny thong, and stroked it slowly, showcasing it to my new and still-unseen audience. 

A low, guttural "Niiice" was all I heard, then I finally saw my new company on the beach as they sat down beside my prone and near-naked body, one on each side. 

The man on the left was smaller than my 6'4" and tanned all over. He was fit, and like me smooth. I could tell that easily because he was completely nude except for a silver cock ring like mine - only his had a shiny metal bridge that went back to his ass, holding a plug. I had seen cock ring locks at the store - and this guy was wearing one!

The man to my right was older, probably mid -50's and was wearing a tiny blue mesh thong that barely concealed his clean-shaved pubic area and allowed a sneak-peak of the top of his smooth shaft. 

He made the first move.

Smiling and looking me in the eye he lowered his head to my cock, and gently took my hand away from my shaft, replacing it with his own. I now had a man's hand on my dick for the very first time. I shuddered with desire as he lowered his head further and ran his tongue from the base of my shaft slowly up its length to the head of my straining cock.

Then he took me into his mouth.

Intense sensations of sheer pleasure radiated from my center as I watched my cock disappear into the soft wet circle of his lips. He kept lowering his head towards the steel ring embracing my cock and balls. I could feel his tongue dancing along the underside of my shaft, as my cockhead continued its journey towards his throat. The feeling of finally having my hard shaved cock in another man's mouth was everything I had anticipated, and more. 

I had almost forgotten my audience.

I turned my head left to see my other companion gazing transfixed at the sight of my first man-to-man blowjob. His hand was clasped around his own rock hard penis as he watched his friend's mouth engulf me passionately. 

"You like to watch?" I asked.

"I love to watch." he answered, moving closer towards me. 

One hand still pleasuring his own cock, he splayed the other hand over the smooth shaven skin at the base of my cock.

"Shave or wax?" he asked.

"I shaved this morning."

"I love it."

"And you are smooth too".

"Go ahead and touch me." he said, and I made my next big step into cock fun.

Reaching over to him I wrapped my fingers around his balls, and then slowly drew my hand up the velvety length of his penis. Catching a pearly droplet from its tip with my finger, I then put that finger in my mouth, tasting another man for the first time. 

I wanted more right away.

There was no hesitation as I turned my torso to my left and lowered my head towards his pulsating beautiful cock, and took him greedily into my mouth. He gasped as I sucked his entire length, driving his shaft into my throat, my nose meeting his smooth pubic mound.

I hadn't known for sure if I could deep-throat an actual penis, but months of practise with a dildo were now paying off as I engulfed this man's tool all the way to its root, in full view of his friend and anyone else who cared to watch me eagerly suck his cock, even as mine was being sucked by our companion. 

I was sucking cock in a three way. In public. With two other men with gorgeous shaved cocks. 

I was in heaven.

The man sucking me reached under my ass and gently pushed my buttplug further into me, massaging my g-spot and intensifying the glorious sensations of his lips and tongue on my throbbing cock. I followed his example, pushing the steel plug deeper into the smaller man as I worshipped his tool with abandon. I sucked, and licked, and teased, and tongued his slit to get more juice from him.

"Fuck I'm close" he moaned softly. "Where do you want it?"

I paused my steady sucking motion and looked up at him, enjoying his dazed expression of lust.

"In my mouth". I couldn't believe how quickly I had accepted the fact that I was about to fill my mouth with another man's cum. 

"In my mouth." I repeated, and took his shaft all the way in again, pumping with my hand, hungry for his hot seed.

I felt him tense and moan loudly as he began to gush into my mouth, spurt after spurt of salty-sweet semen that overflowed my lips and ran down my chin dripping onto his smooth shaven mound. I hungrily swallowed as much as I could, even as I felt my own climax approaching. 

I rolled fully onto my back, cum dripping from my face, to revel in the sight of my cock being pleasured by the mouth of the man next to me - and saw I wasn't the only one enjoying the view. 

We had drawn a small audience of two other guys and a girl standing about 15 feet away watching our writhing threesome of cock-sucking. 

I gently stopped the bobbing motion of my eager friend's head on my cock, and said "Don't me me cum yet. Let's give them a real show". I was already reaching for new limits to break as I pushed the envelope of my sexuality and exhibitionism. 

I stood up in full view of our new beach trio, and slowly pulled my tiny satin thong down from my smooth-shaved groin area, over my fully erect cock, and let it fall onto the sand at my feet, where my two cocksucking friends sat waiting for whatever was to happen next. 

"Like what you see?" I asked.

The two guys, both early thirties and fit-looking, replied by smiling and reaching into fondle the swollen lumps in their boardshorts.

The girl - petite, ponytailed and slender, maybe early 20's - replied by pulling her bikini bottoms off to reveal a smooth-shaven slit, which she began to caress.

"So what's next?" she asked.

I look down at my two buds sitting in the sand, their hard smooth cocks beckoning, and decided it was time to leap the next big hurdle.

I spread my towel out and lay down on it, naked and aching with lust. I reached back and grabbed the glass knob of the buttplug, and pulled it slowly from my ass, feeling it stretch my ring as it popped out. I looked to my left to the older of my two cock sucking buds, and smiled.

"Take my ass - but gently."

He lifted his tanned lean body off the sand and pulled off his blue mesh thong, revealing a long but mercifully slender cock like my own, shaved and pulsing in the fresh lake breeze. 

"Sure you're ready?"

"Let me help." said his friend, whose cum was still drying on my chin. He manoeuvred behind me and pulled my hips upward, presenting my naked ass to our audience. 

I looked back down my belly at my throbbing, bouncing cock, and then felt a new and unexpected ecstasy as his tongue made contact with my smooth shaven ass pucker. 

I moaned as I felt his tongue push gently into me, coating my sphincter with his saliva. I looked to my side at the new trio. The girl had dropped to her knees for a better angle on our action, still nude from the waist down and rubbing her smooth pussy.  

Her male companions had stripped completely naked, revealing nice bodies and two more beautiful smoothly shaven fully erect cocks, one of which had to be nine inches long. 

I had barely a second to catch a breath as I felt my friend's tongue retreat from my hole, to be replaced by the unmistakable wet, hard dome of the other man's cock head. 

"Put your cock inside me." I groaned.

No sooner did I speak than I felt his bulbous cock head breach my outer ring, bringing a brief, burning pain. Then sheer pleasure, as he steadily pushed every inch of his cock into my body. I grunted as he hit bottom, feeling his smooth pubic mound against my ass cheeks. 

As he picked up the pace of withdrawing then plunging his shaft back into me, I felt his balls slap my own shaven orbs below my stretched-out rear entry way. I looked again to our new guests and said "I need a cock in my mouth".

Eagerly the guy with the 9-incher came over and got on his knees in front of me. I heard myself grunting in time to my assfucking, as I reached out and took the big tool in my hand, wondering how, or even if, I could take it all in my mouth. 

I opened as wide as I could and engulfed his bulbous head with my lips, tasting his sweet fluid and feeling the soft texture of his gorgeous tool. 

"Take it all in." breathed the half nude girl and she pushed several fingers into her dripping shaved pussy. "See if you can deep-throat him - I can!"

The challenge was there, so I pushed my mouth all the way down his glistening hard club, while writhing my ass around the cock that impaled me from behind. I felt his know pass my throat and kept pushing until my nose touched the smooth-shaven mound above his glorious shaft. Out of the corner of my eye I saw my second companion taking the new cock into his mouth as he watched me take all the cock I could. 

I was well and truly spit roasted, squirming on the two cocks that filled me from both ends, groaning in sheer lust and abandon, and looking back at my audience as they stroked, sucked and fondled themselves to the scene of my surrender to desire. I was a machine for pleasure, a machine for sex, mindless with lust. 

I grunted at each rhythmic invasion of the smooth hard cock in my tight virgin ass, and groaned at the pleasure of the huge penis lodged in my throat, oozing precum. I was a cock-sucking, ass-fucking public sex toy and loving every second as I exposed my body and sexuality.

I heard a long, low sigh of joy from behind me, and then felt the molten heat of my friend's semen filling my anal cavity as he pumped gouts of fluid into me. I moaned and hummed on the rigid tool in my mouth and felt it stiffen, and watched as his smooth shaven balls withdrew further to his body ready to unload even more cum into my mouth. "Pull it out, pull it out" said the girl. "You have to see how much he cums!"

I popped the massive member from my throat just in time to catch a huge, high-pressure stream of hot white cum. I felt it impact my face, coating me with mesmerizing heat. The big shaved penis kept pumping, and I opened my mouth to take some of the sweet cock-nectar in, swallowing hungrily, but still feeling it spurt on my forehead and chin. 

Finally it was over, the deluge had stopped, and I put the end of the now-limp cock back into my mouth to clean off the last droplets of the massive load of cum that coated my face and filled my belly. 

I pulled myself off of the two smooth cocks that had so gloriously rammed me back and forth and lay on my back to catch my breath after a truly unbelievable experience. I watched through glazed eyes as my other companion sucked the younger man's cock greedily, while the girl looked on beside them, now prone with most of her hand stretching open her beautiful smooth cunthole.

The younger man stiffened as he began to pump his sperm into my friends mouth, the sight bringing the girl to a loud orgasm of her own. 

Naked shaved cocks and cunts surrounded me, their owners panting and dripping sweat and cum.

I had not yet climaxed, and my own hard smooth cock strained against the metal of the chrome ring encasing my sex. I had five pairs of eyes fixed on my naked body, watching my cock throbbing and dancing above my smooth abdomen. 

The girl rose up from the sand and positioned her head above my shaven groin. I closed my eyes as I felt the heat of her mouth engulf my straining shaft. I felt another tongue dance around by smooth balls and shaft as she took my cock deeply into her mouth. I was close, so close.

Eyes still closed, I felt a mouth meet my own, and opened up to the probing, cum slick tongue of the smaller man, tasting the jizz he had just milked from the cock of one of the newcomers. 

I was naked, on a beach, with two mouths on my cock, and swallowing the cum being dribbled into my mouth. I wasn't having sex. I was sex - pure and simple. 

By own orgasm hit me like a grenade. My hips bucked off the towel underneath as my swollen purple cock sprayed stream after stream into the sucking mouth of the naked shaved girl who was doing her best to keep me engulfed. But her overflowing mouth popped off the end of my spewing member and my cum continued to spray from my aching rod, splashing on me, her and everyone else as I unleashed the biggest volume of semen I had ever produced. 

She swiftly moved up from my cock to my face and hit me with a passionate, deep french kiss, her busy tongue shovelling my own cum into my mouth. 

"I really like playing with guys like you," she said, taking a breath, dripping my cum from her lower lip. "Seeing how quickly you all let your cocks take over makes me so fucking hot."

She sat up on her knees, her impish green eyes gliding down from my face, across my naked torso and down to my smooth shaved cock, still encased and bulging in its chrome ring. 

"We should become better acquainted," she said, standing up and wiping the last of my cum from her chin. 

And I knew we would.