 I decided to go to my High School reunion. I don't know why, I hadn't been home in years, not since graduating High School actually. Typical story, I went off to University and never returned. It wasn't that I hated where I grew up, I just wanted to be somewhere else, like many kids. 

I had a fairly normal upbringing. I lived with my parents, no brothers or sisters. Early in grade school I met Graeme, my best friend. He was a year behind me in school but already taller than I was. I was constantly being teased for being short, Graeme's red hair got him called 'ginger', or worse. We bonded immediately. Graeme and I were inseparable. We hung out together everyday, slept over at each others houses, shared everything. When we got older we talked about girls constantly, double dated when we could. We were like brothers.

Then I graduated, and moved on to a University a thousand miles away. My Dad relocated for work and my parents moved away. With no family in town, I never saw a reason to go home. I graduated college and moved on with my life. Jobs, marriage, and kids took over and Graeme and I lost touch. Years later I started dreaming about my childhood and Graeme. Some of these dreams were sexual in nature. I'd wake up in the middle of the night with an erection, fleeting images of Graeme in my head. Thinking about it later I realized that he wasn't just my best friend growing up, but that I had loved him. Being young and stupid, we didn't understand any of that, and time went on.

It was my wife who suggested I go the reunion. It was the 25th reunion she said, a big one. So here I was, checking into the reunion hotel in a town where I didn't want to be, visiting people I didn't particularly want to see.

I visited at the reunion for a few hours, had a couple of drinks. Spoke to some old classmates. Not surprisingly, few people even remembered me. I was working my way towards the door, wondering how soon I could politely leave. The door opened, and a tall, handsome man with red hair and a thick red beard walked in. 

My heart started beating a mile a minute. Graeme saw me, and with an ear splitting grin, buried me in a bear hug. 

"Man, it's great to see you! I can't believe you finally came back!"

Setting me down from the hug, Graeme threw his arm around my shoulder and led me back into the room.

"C'mon, let me buy you a drink!

It was like old times again. We talked for hours. Wives, kids, jobs. We caught up with everything that had happened over the past years. As we got a little drunker we began reminiscing about the old days. School, teachers, bullies, and especially girls. When they announced that the bar was closed we were both upset. Graeme wanted another drink, and I didn't want our conversation to end.

"Oh, no! The bar is closed. I got here late, do you want to go somwhere else?"

"I've got some beer in my room upstairs, I wasn't sure how lame this would be. Do you just want to go there?"

"Absolutely mate! You're buying!"

We went to the elevator, and up to my floor. As we walked down the hall I couldn't stop thinking about my old feelings for Graeme and my recently discovered new feelings. I was just so glad that he didn't hate me for staying away so long! We walked into the room and took off our sports jackets. I opened the refrigerator and pulled out two beers, Graeme flipped on the tv and found some sports. I didn't want our conversation to end, I was afraid that Graeme would leave.

"Did you see any of you're old girlfriends downstairs?"

Graeme smiled. "Yeah, a couple. But it's not like we saw any action in high school. We were a couple of sad little virgins back then."

"Not for lack of trying!"

Graeme laughed, and we clinked our beer bottles.

"What about you?" Graeme asked. "Any old fantasies appear out of your past?"

"Well, Sheila Connors was down there. She's got six kids now! But I'm not sure she counts, she was everyone's fantasy."

"Not mine."

"Oh, come on Graeme. Every guy in school wanted to fuck her. If she wasn't hot enough for you, then who DID you want to fuck in high school?"

"You."

I wasn't sure I heard him right.

"What?" I gasped.

Graeme blushed red. 

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that, I'm so sorry. I guess I've had enough to drink after all. Please forget I've said anything!"

I was stunned. 

"Shhhhh."

He stopped talking. 

I stepped up to him and took his face in my hands. I stared into his eyes, then pulled his face to mine. Our lips met gently in a kiss. A tingle ran through my entire body. I expected Graeme to shove me away, but instead, he put his beer down and wrapped his arms around my neck. We held each other tightly, our lips mashing together, our tongues dancing. We broke our embrace, gasping for breath.

After a minute Graeme said, "I've wanted to do that to you since I was twelve!"

I sighed, and rested my head on his chest. " I wish you'd told me."

"Now what do we do?"

"I think we do what comes naturally to two people who've loved each other their entire lives."

Graeme smiled, and kissed me hard. I ran my hands down his back and over his ass. I could feel his erection pressing against my stomach. I suddenly wanted to feel it, touch it, taste it. I began unbuttoning his shirt. I pulled it open and ran my hands over his hairy chest. Graeme pulled his shirt off and dropped it on the floor. I licked his nipples and sucked one into my mouth. Graeme moaned, and pulled my face back to his. I undid his belt buckle and lowered his zipper without breaking the kiss.

I stepped back and put my hand on his chest. "I've never done anything like this before"

"I know. Me neither."

"But I'm not sure what to do. What you want me to do."

"Just do whatever you've dreamed about. Whatever you want me to do to you."

I stepped closer to him, hooked my fingers in his pants, and lowered both his pants and underwear to the floor. I kneeled down, pulled his shoes and socks off, and held his pants as he stepped out of them. Graeme stood in front of me in all his naked glory. His hard cock stood erect, an inch in front of my face. As I watched, a large drop of precum balled up on the tip, then began to drip down. I stuck my tongue out and caught it. I tasted the sweetness on my tongue and wanted more. Reaching my tongue out again and licked up the bottom on Graeme's shaft. Putting my hands around his ass I pulled him to mouth. I licked around the tip of his cock then took him fully in my mouth. I began massaging his balls as I bobbed up and down on his cock. Graeme grabbed my head and fucked my face.

He began to shake and moaned, "I'm cumming!."

I held him tighter as he shuddered, then exploded in my mouth. I gulped down all I could, but some dribbled out the side of my mouth. Not bad for my first blowjob!

Graeme pulled me to my feet and kissed me. He swept a blob of semen off my chin and stuck his finger in my mouth. I swallowed it hungrily. He picked me up, carried me across the room, and laid me on the bed. He quickly pulled my clothes off. I lay naked on the bed on front of him, my heart hammering in my chest, my hardon pulsing with my heartbeat. 

Graeme stood in front of eying my naked body lasciviously. His cock was already coming back to life.

"Are you sure about this?"

I held my arms out to him. "Please baby, I want you!"

Graeme kneeled on the bed and took my foot in his hand. He kissed the bottom of my foot and I giggled. He them kissed and licked his way up my leg ending with a kiss on my balls. My cock twitched and began dripping. He lifted my ass to his face and began licking from my balls down to my asshole. He circled his tongue around my hole and I moaned. When he drove his tongue into my hole I almost came right then. I bucked and moaned in his hands as he ate my ass. After several minutes of this I couldn't take it anymore. 

"Please Graeme, fuck me!"

He pulled his tongue out of my ass and climbed up my body. When we were face to face he smiled.

"I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you. What did you want me to do?"

"I want you to put your big cock in my asshole and fuck me silly!" I practically yelled.

Graeme lifted my legs and I placed the backs of my knees on his shoulders. He leaned forward, placing the tip of his cock in the edge of my asshole. 

"Please baby!" I whispered. "I want you inside me!"

Graeme eased his big cock into me. I gasped and moaned as he filled me up. Our lips met as he fucked me slowly at first, then faster as we found our rythm. Graeme licked his hand and reached between us, grabbing my throbbing cock. He stroked it as he fucked me. It didn't take long before I came all over his hand in a violent orgasm. As I came my asshole pulsed repeatedly, causing Graeme to shudder and cum for the second time tonight. We collapsed in a pile covered with sweat, semen and saliva.

We lay in bed holding each other. My face was nestled in his hairy chest, our legs intertwined. 

Graeme broke the comfortable silence.

"So you loved me in high school?"

"Yeah. You loved me?"

"Yes, of course! You love me now?"

"More than ever."

Graeme smiled. "You coming to reunion next year?"

"HELL YEAH!"