 Brady sat across from Ezra and watched him reading diligently. Brady loved studying together, and he loved what happened when studying got boring even more. The only problem was Ezra was a lot more dedicated to his studies than Brady, and oftentimes Brady found himself gazing around the room or out the window while Ezra was still focused. He watched the cars that passed by. He was slightly offset by a green pick-up that slowly crawled by. He'd started seeing that truck every day, and he didn't know who it belonged to, which was odd in such a small town.

Brady stripped his shirt off, stood and walked around behind Ezra, wrapping his arms around the boy's chest and nibbling at his earlobe. "Aren't you done yet?" he whispered, adding another playful nip.

Ezra smiled widely and pretended to ignore Brady. He turned the page of his book and continued to read.

Brady laughed and started to rub his fingers lightly across Ezra's chest, causing his nipples to perk up through the material of his shirt. Ezra remained stubborn. Brady gave both nubs a little pinch. Ezra gasped and shifted in his chair. Brady noted the growing bulge in Ezra's pants and smiled. He started to kiss and nibble at Ezra's neck and soon the boy gave in. He turned in his chair and the lovers' lips met, barely brushing at first, which just made Brady even more sensitive. He unzipped his pants to allow his growing erection room. Ezra worked his hand into Brady's boxers and started to smear pre-cum over the flared head.

The chair made a soft scraping sound as it was pushed away. Ezra lowered himself to his knees and pulled Brady's pants down to his ankles and did the same to his boxers. He started run his tongue over the warm, soft skin of Brady's shaft, looking up at Brady as he did so. Ezra looked both angelic and devilish as he wrapped his lips around the pulsing organ. Brady groaned and ran his hand through Ezra's hair. He watched as inch by inch his erection slid into Ezra's hot, slippery mouth. Ezra started to bob his head, gripping Brady's thigh with one hand to steady himself as his rhythm sped up. His other hand was busy tickling at Brady's balls. The whole time, Ezra's eyes were locked on Brady's and the feeling of connection made the experience twice as pleasurable.

Brady could feel his climax approaching fast and tapped Ezra's shoulder. Ezra let Brady's erection slip from his mouth with a wet popping sound of suction. Brady stepped out of his pants and underwear, carrying them with him as he led the way to the bedroom. Brady laid Ezra on the bed and started to kiss his stomach, making little goose bumps rise up. Ezra whipped his shirt off and Brady made his way up to Ezra's neck. He trailed kisses from there to Ezra's left nipple and gave it a teasing lick. Ezra's heart was pounding. Brady could see Ezra's pulse fluttering at his neck. He groaned as Brady trailed kisses down his stomach and started to undo his pants.

Ezra gasped when Brady started to stroke him, spreading the drops of pre-cum around. Brady took Ezra's hard length into his mouth and worked his tongue over the head. Brady bobbed up and down slowly. Ezra sucked in breath, then sighed and moaned softly. 

Brady went to the dresser and retrieved an unopened bottle of lube. Ezra sat on the edge of the bed and watched Brady fumble a little as he opened it. Brady positioned Ezra stomach-down on the bed with his feet on the floor. Brady knelt behind Ezra and spread his cheeks open to expose the smooth, pink opening. Brady started to lick at the tight entrance until it was loose enough for his tongue to slide in. Ezra moaned and gripped the bedspread.

Brady lubed his finger and slid inside Ezra, following with a second and third finger. He added more lube, spread it around, and then lubed his erection and pressed the head against Ezra's opening. He felt Ezra tense up and he backed away. Ezra crumbled to the floor, holding his knees to his chest and started to shake.

"I'm sorry," Brady whispered. "I didn't think." He wrapped his arms around Ezra and held him tightly. "It's alright now. We can stop. You never have to do anything you don't want."

Ezra sighed and wiped his face. He sniffed and gave Brady a watery, half-smile.

"It's my fault for not asking first. I should have thought that me being behind you where you can't see me might make you nervous."

Ezra rose to his feet with help from Brady and wrapped his arms around Brady's waist. He stood on his tip toes and started to kiss Brady, nibbling at his bottom lip. Brady eased down on the bed and let Ezra settle on top of him.

Ezra searched for the lubricant. Once he found it he let a liberal amount drip on to Brady's erection. He applied the lube to his entrance and Brady grinned at the sight of Ezra preparing himself. Ezra positioned himself and Brady helped him balance as he lowered down onto Brady's dick.

Both boys gasped at the feeling. Ezra felt completely full and his erection twitched from the feeling. Brady could feel Ezra's muscles tightening around him and he groaned as Ezra started to move. As Ezra sped up his motions Brady let out a satisfied moan. Ezra's eyes were half closed and his mouth fumbled with sounds. Finally he cried out, "More!"

Brady quickly guided Ezra to change the position, now entering side on. He pumped in and out as fast as he could. Ezra let out a scream and muttered the word again. "More..." He groaned and gripped his erection. With a few strokes, he was spurting semen all over the bedspread. Brady cried out and came inside Ezra. He braced himself against the headboard and panted for a while. He felt delirious.

Once he'd caught his breath, he eased off of the bed and to the door. He turned to see Ezra on his knees with sperm running down his thigh. Brady smiled and took Ezra by the hand.

"I love you," Brady said. Ezra gave Brady's hand a squeeze and they stepped into the shower.

**

Mr. Lockheart got off from work early that afternoon. "Hey, boys," he said as he thumbed through the stack of mail in his hand. "Is Amanda still at the doctor?"

"Yeah," Brady replied. "She called about fifteen minutes ago. She has to wait for a prescription and she's bringing pizza home."

Mr. Lockheart nodded. "Hopefully she'll be feeling better soon." He paused. "Well, Brady, looks like you have a letter here."

Brady raised an eyebrow. "That's odd." It was a regular sized, unmarked white envelope addressed to Brady. The return address was an out of town P.O. box and there was no name.

Brady sat next to Ezra on the couch an opened the envelope.

The letter was written in neat block print on unlined paper.

Brady, it said. I'm not quite sure what to say, so I'll start with my name. I am Adam Key. Your mother and I went to college together and were very close for a short time, but then we fell out of touch. A few months ago, I discovered from her old roommate that Alicia had left school due to pregnancy. I hired a private investigator and that is how I found you. I will gladly pay for a DNA test if you wish to have one done. I know this must be difficult for you to read. I have so much I would like to say to you, but I understand if this is too much. Please call me at 984-384-2848 if you want to get to know me. I hope you call. I would like to make up for lost time.

Brady read the note twice before he muttered, "Holy shit..." The paper fell from his hand and Ezra put his arm around Brady's shoulder. Brady didn't even realize he was crying until he felt Ezra's soft fingertips brushing his cheek.

All those years of wanting to know his father, but never believing that he would, felt like a weight on his shoulders as he picked up the letter and looked at the phone number. He wanted to call, but it felt too good to be true.

"May I see it?" Mr. Lockheart asked.

Brady let him read the letter and took the opportunity to hold Ezra close.

"It's up to you to decide," Mr. Lockheart said.

Brady nodded. "I just don't know yet."

**

It was a week before Brady could bring himself to finish dialing the numbers. The Lockheart family was huddled at the kitchen table, watching and listening. Brady was glad to know that they were there for him.

"Hello," a deep voice came from the other end of the line.

"Um...hi, this is...Brady." 

Silence.

"Hello?" Brady said.

"I'm sorry. I didn't exactly expect you to call..."

"I was just...nervous."

Silence.

"Well, that's alright, Brady...I'm glad you called."

Silence. Brady looked desperately to the Lockhearts. Ezra had a concerned look on his face, but offered a smile of encouragement.

"Sorry. It was just kind of unexpected."

"I'd like to meet you."

Brady's stomach turned. "I'd like that...I'm just...I don't know."

"That's OK." Pause. "Tell me about school."

Brady thought that it seemed sort of a trivial thing to discuss, but he was still glad to have something. But all he could come up with was, "It's alright."

"You're a senior, right?"

"Yes."

"Hopefully I can come see you graduate."

"That's in May."

"Oh."

More silence. All those years, Brady had imagined what it would be like to speak with his father, but he never imagined it would be so awkward.

"But...I mean you could come..."

"If you want me to...when the time comes."

There was more silence. Brady scrambled for a subject. "Uh...did you ever play football?"

"No."

"Oh. Well I did."

"That's good...So...the P.I. told me that you aren't living with your mother..."

"She married a jerk," Brady said quickly.

"Look...I'm so sorry. I really had no idea..."

"I understand that now." Brady walked into the bedroom to avoid getting emotional in front of Ezra's family. "I used to be angry at you...but I understand now that you didn't know."

"I really want a relationship with you. Can I please meet you soon?"

Brady thought about it.

"Please, Brady," his father said. "This is something I want very much."

"OK."

**

Brady stared at the ceiling for what felt like a few seconds, but when he glanced at the clock he realized it had been more like hours. He was surprised to see Ezra was still awake, though looked like he could fall asleep at any moment.

"You can go to sleep," Brady said, kissing the tip of Ezra's nose.

Ezra shook his head and yawned.

Brady smiled for the first time that night. "I love you," he whispered. Then he sighed and started to ramble like he had on their first date. "I'm just scared of what I'll find out. All these years I just...I thought I wanted to meet him but now it seems crazy. I don't know what to expect. What if he turns out to be some sort of ex-con or something?"

Ezra nodded.

"I guess I'll find out soon enough."

They laid together in silence for a while. Ezra sighed and stirred and Brady saw that he was asleep. He kissed Ezra's forehead and figured he should get some sleep too.

**

Brady arrived early, but stayed in his vehicle in the parking lot of the restaurant. He watched the people entering and wondered which one was his father. He wondered if he would see the man and know instantly who he was.

It was fifteen minutes after the agreed time before Brady gathered the courage to walk in. The hostess was a petite brunette and she bounced over to him, ponytail swishing.

"Just one?" she asked.

"Actually I'm meeting someone...Adam Key?"

She smiled. "Right this way."

Brady followed her to a table. His father was there, waiting for him. Brady felt like the whole thing was a dream as he sat down. Adam Key was completely bald and slightly pale, but he seemed like a tall, sturdy man. Brady noticed that they had the same colored eyes, and same high cheekbones.

"Hi..." Brady said. His voice was dry.

"It's nice to meet you, Brady," the man said. Brady was glad to see he wasn't the only one having trouble speaking.

"Yeah...same here." Brady was having trouble making eye contact and instead stared at his menu.

"You can just call me Adam. I don't expect you to call me dad."

Brady nodded. "Alright."

"How is your mother?"

"Fine last I heard..."

"Do you want to tell me more about why you moved out?"

"I just couldn't stand it there anymore," Brady said.

Adam took a long drink of his water and nodded. "So...what are your plans after high school?"

"Don't know."

Brady glanced up and saw that Adam didn't really look pleased to hear that.

"I see...so, Brady...any girlfriends?"

"Boyfriend," Brady said abruptly. He hadn't exactly planned on coming out to his father, but it was out there.

Adam looked uncomfortable. "Boyfriend?" he repeated.

"Yes," Brady said. He was almost daring Adam to get upset. Brady was confused and reverting back to his old anger at the man who had never been there.

"Alright then..." Adam said. "I didn't expect that."

"Well...you don't know me."

"I wish I did."

Brady shrugged. "I wish you did too."

"Your mother never told me," Adam said. "I was young, just like she was. I can't say I would have done the right thing, but I never got a chance."

"I used to hate you," Brady said. "I mean...just the idea that you abandoned me. That's how she made it sound..."

After that admission, it seemed like something between them clicked. Over the course of the meal, Brady learned that his father was an engineer, that he had married and divorced but had no other children. He enjoyed working on cars and golfing in his spare time. During dessert, Brady admitted that he had been abused and Adam apologized, though Brady no longer blamed Adam.

They agreed to meet again, same time same place, next week.

**

Brady felt relieved when he arrived home. He told Mr. and Mrs. Lockheart about his father and they expressed an interest in meeting him. Ezra smiled brightly and Brady could tell that Ezra was proud of him.

The parents went to bed and Brady lifted Ezra up and carried him to the bedroom. Ezra indicated that Brady should sit down and began to shyly strip for him. He tossed his shirt aside and ran his fingers over his nipples. He looked up at Brady's intense gaze and blushed. Brady undid his pants and pulled out his cock and started to slowly stroke as he watched Ezra undo his belt and drop his pants. He stepped out of them and bent down to toss them aside, giving Brady a nice view of his rear end. Finally he took off his white briefs and went to Brady.

Brady pressed their lips together, his tongue demanding entrance into Ezra's mouth. Both boys were gasping for breath and Brady pulled at Ezra's hair. Ezra pulled away from the kiss and Brady started to nip at his neck. Ezra let out a soft moan and Brady smiled.

"We have to be quiet," he whispered.

Brady shifted in the bed and guided Ezra into a 69 position. Ezra took the head of Brady's throbbing erection into his mouth and ran his tongue over every bit of it. Brady lifted Ezra's leg and licked at his pink hole. Ezra shivered with delight.

They spent several long, sweet minutes pleasuring each other and came simultaneously. Brady kissed Ezra and the salty taste of cum and sweet taste of a kiss mingled together in an unbelievable delicious way.