 Hey All,

I'm nearly done with the next chapter of Prince Charming. Just a case of getting too many things going at once. This is a super short little Holiday story I wrote as a request. It goes with a picture that a friend found. Unfortunately, I can't put it here, but if anyone's a member of the goodreads m/m romance group you can see it there! Hope ya like it--

Alana9

*

"Ouch! Shit!" 

James started hopping up and down on the sand, one foot in his hand. A piece of glass was lodged right in his arch. He'd slammed down on it pretty hard, running to get the volleyball that Quinn had launched over the net at warp speed. James lost his balance and fell in the sand, injured foot high in the air. 

"What's the matter, dude?" 

James' best and oldest friend came jogging towards him, folding gracefully under the volleyball net and sinking to his knees. Even through his pain, James' breath caught in his throat when Quinn leaned closer. He was hot from their game and the unseasonable warmth. He smelled like sun and sweat and like Quinn. Sexy and familiar.

Jesus. Knock it off. 

James squeezed his eyes shut for a second; partially because his foot really did fucking hurt, and well, because if he didn't then Quinn might see something in his eyes that shouldn't have been there. It never used to be.

James didn't know quite when it happened. 

It seemed like one day he was sitting on his floor playing Star Wars with Quinn, making 'Pow! Pow!' noises with little plastic toys and laughing like a hyena at Quinn's Jar Jar Binks impersonations, and the next—well let's just say that somewhere between Jar Jar Binks and English 201 at the local college, Quinn stopped being just Quinn and became something completely...more. 

"Man, that must hurt like a bitch. The glass is stuck up there really far." Quinn's face was screwed up with concern.

James groaned. "Thanks for pointing that out. I'm going to try to pull it—"

"No, wait. Let's do it back at the apartment where there's soap and that antibacterial stuff. That could get seriously infected if something gets in it."

James rolled his eyes. "Okay mister Physical Therapy degree. How am I going to get to the car?" The path from the beach to the parking lot was at least a few hundred feet. 

"I've got you. Here," Quinn leaned over. "Get on my back."

"Are you serious?"

"Yeah, of course. Just consider it long overdue restitution for when you hauled me and my bike home after that ice cream truck accident."

James snickered at the memory, able to laugh because Quinn hadn't gotten hurt very badly and it happened nearly ten years before.

"All right. Here," James struggled up to his knee, planting the uninjured foot in the sand. "Scoot over a little." Then he wound his arms around Quinn's neck and was surprised by the strength used to hoist him up.

James felt awkward riding Quinn's back down the beach towards the car path. He had to hitch his legs up a few times on slim hips, but Quinn's warm skin beneath his arms, and the subtle shift of those strong abdominal muscles between his thighs made the awkwardness worth it. Oh God. 

"You doing all right back there, bro?" Bro. Keep that word in mind.

"Yeah. I'm not bleeding on your leg or anything, am I?" That's right. Focus on the foot and not the fact that you can feel his ass bumping up and down underneath your crotch.

"No worries. Hey, can you hold my camera? The strap keeps digging into my finger."

James reached down and worked the camera strap free from where it was trapped by his thigh. He wanted to squeeze Quinn's fingers, lean forward and nip the back of his neck run his tongue down that muscular spine...

"You guys are adorable, do you want us to take a picture of you?" James snapped his head up. Two girls, probably in high school, and both in bathing suits and designer track bottoms were grinning at him and Quinn. When did they get there?

"Oh we're not—"

"Sure," Quinn interrupted him. "Jamie, give her my camera."

He stretched out the arm that was holding the camera silently, not sure what to say.

"Smile!" The girl chirped brightly when she had the shot all lined up. James hugged his arms around Quinn's shoulders, using the excuse to feel all of that sexy skin up against his chest. He smiled, although between the pain in his foot and the fact that he could barely breathe, it was a little hard to pull it off. "Perfect," She told them, after she checked the shot and handed the camera back. "You two have a great day." The girl gave her friend a grin that could easily be considered naughty.

Quinn chuckled as soon as the two girls had walked out of sight. "Hey Jamie, what do you think she was picturing?" He chuckled sarcastically and squeezed James' thigh.

James groaned. The same thing I was. "I swear girls are the biggest pervs."

"Please, they're never gonna steal that award from us." 

When they got to the car, Quinn laid James across the backseat before he hopped in and started the engine, ready to drive back to their apartment. James looked down at his foot and immediately his stomach went queasy. The glass was still in deep, and his foot was dripping all over the place, the bleeding showing no signs of slowing down.

"Uh, Quinn?"

"Yeah?"

"I think I'm gonna pass out."

* * * *

It was officially the first night of Winter Break. James was lying, wrapped foot propped on the couch. It had been a pain in the ass, well foot actually, taking his last few finals with every single heartbeat throbbing in his arch. Quinn had been really helpful. Not only had he driven his unconscious friend to the ER that day and sat with him for hours until his foot was clear of glass, stitched up, and wrapped in gauze, but he'd been even nicer since. He'd done everything from carrying James' books so he could hobble with the crutch he'd gotten at the hospital to bringing him dinner on the couch. The other guys who played water polo with them had been giving Quinn constant shit about being James' little girlfriend, but he just laughed it off and told them they better hope they never got hurt.

James had spent a lot of time reminding himself that Quinn was just begin a good friend. It didn't feel like that.

There was a storm raging outside, wind and rain battering the coastline and making everything soggy and dark. James kind of liked the rain. He'd never quite gotten used to Florida winters after spending his first eight years in New Hampshire. It always felt like they were a little cheated—at least when the Santa stuff started showing up. It was hard to get all excited about a snow globe if it was still shorts weather.

He heard keys jingling in the front door. Quinn. James' heart did a big kerchunk in his chest before it took off racing. He told himself to calm down for probably the millionth time. It was just Quinn...It was just—shit, no use for it. There was no such thing as 'just Quinn' anymore. James kept trying to slow his pulse as Quinn came in and flopped down on the couch, careful to avoid James' wrapped foot.

"God, my bio final was brutal."

"Poly-Sci wasn't much fun either. I think I passed though."

Quinn sat there for a minute or two, looking exhausted. Then he pulled James' injured foot into his lap and started rubbing it with gentle well-trained hands. "How's this doing today?"

James didn't know if he was going to be able to talk without squeaking. The pain and pleasure pouring through his body from that one pressure point made his skin tingle all over. He wanted to arch his back and moan.

"B-better," He answered, trying to mask his stutter with a not very convincing yawn. He felt like an ass. The guy was just doing what would soon be his job. "Wanna order pizza?" He hoped that talking about food would make his insta-erection go away. Just in case, he bent his other knee so the blanket would hide anything that might be showing.

"Sure. Pizza sounds perfect. Pepperoni, onion, and pineapple?"

James nodded with a happy sigh. "I think our friendship was meant to be. No one else appreciates the perfect pizza toppings."

Quinn chuckled and fished his phone out of his pocket.

They ate their pizza and watched a few dumb action movies on HBO. The storm had gotten worse, but it lulled James. The wind and constant patter of rain on their bay window was practically sleep inducing, not to mention the continual soothing pressure of Quinn's hand on his foot and ankle. He closed his eyes for a second and leaned his head back.

"Hey, Jamie?" Quinn's voice was quiet. James wondered if he actually had fallen asleep. "You need to go to bed. You were totally passed out." Guess that's a yes. He lifted his legs from their comfortable perch on Quinn's thighs and hobbled off towards the bathroom to brush his teeth and take the last of his pain pills.

"Night, dude," He muttered to Quinn in between yawns.

"Night, Jamie."

James made a face. "Why do you still call me that? No one else has since like the sixth grade."

Quinn smiled. "Because I can. Go to bed...Jamie." He smirked and James stuck out his tongue before shutting himself in the bathroom.

James lay down in his bed and stared into the darkness, just like he did nearly every night. No matter how tired he was, as soon as he was in the near silence of his room, his mind woke up and refused to let his body fall asleep. He could hear the faint hum of the television, or maybe the radio coming from Quinn's room. Quinn had always had a hard time sleeping in pure silence. James remembered that from their many sleepovers. He thought of Quinn, lying in bed on the other side of the wall, maybe wearing boxers, or nothing at all. His stomach tightened, breathing quickened, and as usual, he was wide awake. Quinn...

James' eyes drifted to his nightstand drawer.

 I shouldn't. Not with Quinn awake in the next room. He really, really wanted to. 

He'd gone on a little fieldtrip with his embarrassingly open-minded sister a few weeks before to a big chain store sex shop. She'd wanted to get a few things for her and her boyfriend, and she'd talked James into a plug, a set of anal beads, and this sparkly red vibrator with hearts all over it that was almost too cute to be hot. He'd been dying to try it though, on himself, or maybe Quinn. Or both. 

Definitely both. 

The thought of pushing into Quinn with the vibrator, or his fingers, or even better, gulp, his cock, made James shiver. Decision made. He reached over and pulled the shiny new vibrator and a bottle of lube from his nightstand.

* * * *

"Jamie, are you asleep?"

James lifted his head from the pillow and stared into the darkness, trying to make his sleepy brain focus on the noise coming from the direction of his doorway. He was groggy and a little loopy from the pain medication. It was really hard to keep his eyes open.

"Quinn? What are you doing here? What time is it?"

"I don't know, late. I was messing around on my computer and the power went out. The storm's getting worse." Like he'd timed it, a clap of thunder shook the apartment.

"Just go to sleep, Quinn. It'll be over in the morning."

James felt his bed move. Quinn must have sat down at the foot. "I can't go to sleep. I don't...I don't like storms."

If that wasn't the most adorable thing ever. "Sit here for a few minutes. It'll calm down."

"Can I just sleep in here? I know I sound like the biggest loser ever but I really don't want to be in my room alone." Quinn scooted over and lifted the edge of the comforter.

"Hey, I'm naked!" James hissed—not that he minded. In his Vicodin induced haze snuggling naked with Quinn not only sounded nice, but possible too. Hey it could happen...

"It's no big deal, dude. We see each other naked every day in the showers." 

James usually spent those after practice showers trying really hard not to look at Quinn. He usually succeeded. Quinn slipped under the covers and huddled closer to James.

"Okay. Just close your eyes and fall asleep."

"I will. Hey sorry in advance. I'm kind of a cuddler." Quinn's words were accompanied by an arm slung across James' midsection. 

Breathe, James, breathe.

It was silent for a few minutes save for Quinn's restless wiggling. Finally his voice broke the pitch black quiet.

"What the hell is this thing poking my—" Quinn reached under the covers.

 Oh, Shit! Shit! Shit! Shit! James couldn't remember whether or not he put the vibrator away before he'd passed out. Apparently the answer was no, he did not. Oh, God, naked in bed with his best friend who just found his...James wanted to crawl into the darkest corner of his room and die of embarrassment.

"Is this what I think it is James Ryan Boyle?" James could hear the grin in Quinn's voice.

"Just, give it to me!" He lunged towards Quinn, trying to grab the offending toy. He ended up sprawled across Quinn's chest with Quinn holding the toy off of the bed and out of James' reach.

"Since when are you into these?"

James gave up and flopped back down, burying his face in his pillow. "Since tonight," he mumbled miserably. It was official. He was going to die.

"Did it feel good?"

James lifted his head up and stared at Quinn, whose face was close enough to be almost clear in the absolute darkness. "Are you making fun of me or do you really want to know?"

"I really want to know."

James could feel his face color. He was glad that Quinn wouldn't be able to see it. "Yeah, it felt good. Really good actually."

"And you wanted to try it because..."

James sighed. Twelve years of experience had taught him that Quinn wasn't going to let it go until he had all of the answers he wanted. "I wanted to see what it felt like because...so that...Jesus, it's because I'm gay Quinn!" He squeezed his eyes shut and waited for some kind of blow up.

"I know," Quinn answered serenely. 

That most certainly was not what he expected. "You do?"

"Of course. I'm your best friend, dork. I've known for years."

"Why didn't you say anything?"

Quinn sputtered. "Why didn't you?"

"I don't know. Maybe I was afraid."

"Of what? This?"

Before James had a chance to react, his lips were being covered in a kiss, sweet and insistent and everything he'd barely allowed himself to dream of. His body reacted in swells of delight, gooseflesh sweeping over his skin. It was a dream. It had to be. Quinn, nipped softly at James' lower lip and drew away.

"Quinn?" James whispered when their lips parted. He was afraid to ask the question, but he needed to know.

"Yeah?" James was being kissed again, with bites and licks and a warm slick tongue trailing down his neck.

"What are you, ugh, doing?" Oh God, Oh God, Oh God...

"Kissing my best friend."

"W-why?" James had a hard time concentrating with Quinn biting and licking his neck like that. When Quinn tongued a path around the rim of his ear he couldn't help moaning out loud.

"Because I want to." Quinn whispered it in his ear, the warmth of his breath making James shudder.

"Since when?"

"I don't know, a while—but I never realized you wanted it too until earlier when we were watching TV."

James cringed. "What did I do?"

"I'll tell you later. Just kiss me."

James couldn't imagine anything he wanted to do more than kiss Quinn...so he did; he kissed Quinn's soft lips, his nipples, the line of his jaw, and the place on his neck where his pulse pounded strong and fast. Then James turned Quinn over and kissed and licked his way down Quinn's spine. He was shaking and turned on and scared of everything that might be happening. The rain pounded away outside, making his room feel like a dark warm paradise that he never wanted to leave. Quinn trembled and arched into James' touch.

"That feels amazing."

James smiled but didn't say anything, just kept going, exploring the tanned muscular expanse of Quinn's back with his seeking, thirsting mouth. When he got to the edge of Quinn's pajama bottoms he paused, but Quinn flipped over onto his back and impatiently pushed the bottoms off. Then he reached for James, wrapping him up in what felt like miles of hot silky skin, waxed clean for the pool.

James quivered and brought his hands up to frame Quinn's face; still barely able to believe it was actually happening. "I've wanted to do this for so long."

"Why didn't you?"

"Because you're straight—at least I always thought you were."

Quinn considered that. "I'm probably bi. I've noticed other guys but you're the first one I've ever really wanted for real. Doesn't really matter what I am though—I'm here because I want to be here. With you."

James didn't say anything, simply reached over for another kiss, reeling at the fact that Quinn wanted him. The kiss was just as emotional and explorative as the first except with full body contact that gave him a high like no other. He wasn't expecting the velvet slide of Quinn's tongue, or the hands that started to explore him, shoulders, back, the tingly skin right underneath the crease of his thighs. James wrapped his leg around Quinn's hips and pulled him closer. Quinn's hand slipped between them, testing James' nipples, the skin of his stomach...lower. 

James gulped, then sighed when the calloused grip of Quinn's palm surrounded the suddenly throbbing shaft of his cock.

"Ungh...Quinn." 

"You feel nice. So hard."

James couldn't help the moan that slipped out. "It's cause of you."

"Glad I could be of service." Quinn gave James a sly smile and pushed their hips together so he could hold both of their cocks in his grip. James drifted in the delicious sensations for a few moments before he had to stop it. There was no way in hell he was going to come early and miss out on what might be next. What he didn't expect was for Quinn to hop out of the bed with a grin.

"I'll be right back," He said and bent to the floor. The next thing James knew he was staring at the empty doorway.

When Quinn returned he carried James' vibrator, shiny and newly washed, and a handful of condoms.

"I didn't know if you had any of these."

"Are we—?"

Quinn leaned closer, dropping the toy and the condoms on James' nightstand. "I really hope so," he whispered in James' ear. "But before I get inside of you, I want to try it."

"Try it?"

"The vibrator. You said it feels good. I want to try it."

James' breath caught excitedly in his throat. He smiled in the darkness before he leaned over to pick the vibrator off of his table and fish around on the floor for his lube.

"In a minute. I want to touch you first."

Quinn lay back contentedly. "Touching is encouraged."

James started slowly, revisiting Quinn's nipples, his neck, the muscular planes of his perfect flat abs. Then he drifted lower, licking up Quinn's cock before swallowing it whole. He saw Quinn white-knuckling the sheets and had to grin.

"James, oh my God." 

James kept sucking, licking, funneling months' worth of fantasies into that one intimate act. He stopped only to slick one finger, which he worked gently into Quinn's ass. Soon, though, he pulled away to slick up two fingers with lube and push them back inside a little bit at a time.

When he thought Quinn was ready, he covered the vibrator with lube and slowly worked it inside, watching Quinn's face.

"That thing is huge," Quinn grunted. 

James angled toy so it would bump into Quinn's prostate and switched it on low. Quinn started moving his hips, trying to increase the pressure of the toy. James bent forward and took Quinn's cock into his mouth, sucking with increasing pressure and thrusting gently with the toy at the same time. He kept going, drinking in Quinn's low howls of pleasure. It didn't take long for Quinn to grab James' shoulder.

"Wait, wait. I don't want to come yet. I want to be inside of you."
