 *3*

I wouldn't exactly call myself beautifully gorgeous or an Adonis. I'm just a good looking guy. I have short brown hair, deep blue eyes and a killer smile. I'm not this big ripped and muscular guy, I would simply call myself slim. I do have the V-shaped torso, though, which I find a nice quality.

I'm not a whore either. I'm simply a guy on a mission. My whole time here, I've spent staring across the room at a guy that I would never get, simply out of the embarrassment of the rejection. With graduation only a couple weeks away, I know that if I do get rejected, I won't have to see their faces that much longer.

That's basically my whole reasoning behind the way I'm acting! I've spent nearly four years in my bed, jerking off, thinking of Shawn, Paul, Nick, Jason, so on and so forth. All I want to do now is act on these fantasies. If I do get some ass, great! If not, who cares.

*4*

Yesterday was weird. The fact that I had successfully seduced Shawn was both empowering and extremely sexy. Despite him being a little younger than I was, he was an extreme turn on. And that luscious cock...

But he was yesterday's news. If he ever wanted to do something again, fine, but he was no longer my focus. I sat in my 6th period marketing class, astonished at how I had made it through the whole day without falling asleep in one of my classes. This class used to be somewhat difficult, but now that the end of the year was rearing it's head, we really did not do too much. I mostly spent my time admiring the guy sitting next to me.

In terms of loud, obnoxious tools, Jason Buch took the title. He had been the type of guy that I hated all through junior year, without ever actually talking to him. After having a class with him, I decided he wasn't mean or anything, just obnoxious. He wasn't this gorgeous hunk of man, he had short brown hair, and a cute cartilage piercing in his ear, which I liked. He mostly gave up on his choice on clothing, wearing only a tee-shirt and pajama pants most days. He was a little chubby, but it was a little cute for him. His loose pajama pants really highlighted how large his cock seemed when it bounced around the room. My thoughts were interrupted by the sound of the bell, which I had grown too accustomed to.

I decided to skip band today, and avoid any kind of discomfort I might have felt after seeing Shawn again. Not that I was afraid of him or anything, but what if he tried making things awkward? I constantly would say this to Rick, how even though I am gay, I am not a girl. I don't want to lay around cuddling for an hour after we fuck or after I blow you. I simply want to go home, and go to sleep. That's it. I don't want Shawn growing some sort of attachment to me. Instead, I waited around in the lunch room with my friend Caitie until 8th period started. I doubt I'll even get a cut-slip for band.

8th period was another nice period of the day: gym. It had turned from my worst nightmare, to a free period. We mostly just changed, threw a basketball around for 5 minutes, and then proceeded to do whatever we wanted. I especially liked gym because of the fact of seeing the half-naked bodies of all the hot guys in the locker room. There was one in particular, though, Jake Clifton. He was very similar to Paul in the way he looked, dressed and acted. He wasn't quite as loud and obnoxious, though, he was more witty if anything. He had short brown hair, kind of curled in the back. He had long, hairy legs and a crooked kind of smile. Jake was in my economics class too, but I never saw too much of him there, one of us was always late and we sat on opposite sides of the room. Gym was virtually the only time I got to gawk at his beauty.

I walked behind him into the locker room, and went to my locker diagonal from his. I turned my lock to the combination and opened it up. I threw my shirt off and changed into my gym shirt as other guys poured into the room. I turned around and saw Jake standing at his locker, shirt off, unbuttoning his jeans and dropping them to the floor. His ass looked so round and plump in his black boxer briefs. I diverted my attention away from him as others filed into our row of lockers. I removed my jeans and quickly put on my gym shorts, quite slowly in the process. I knew Jake took his time in the locker room, and I was trying to do the same. By now, majority of the guys had left the room.

I managed to catch Jake walk into the bathroom, like he usually did, trying to stall time by taking an exceptionally long piss. I'd always planned on walking in there and making a pass, but was too afraid to. Today was the day.

As the last remaining in the room left, I walked into the bathroom. Jake was standing at the urinal, with his shorts not even down. He wasn't pissing he was just standing there stalling before we had to go participate. I don't even know why anymore, we hardly do anything in gym. If I didn't know any better, I would say he was waiting for somebody to come in. But he said nothing as I walked in.

I walked right up behind him, and pantsed him, leaving his boxer briefs still on. In my school, it is something common for friends to go around school, pantsing each other in public, embarrassing places. But I wasn't really friends with Jake. He turned around, wondering who the fuck was pulling his shorts down, looking like he was ready to punch me. Before he could react, I pulled my hand out and grasped his cock. 

"Excuse me," he quietly said. "What do you think you're doing?"

"Just shutup," I said as I pulled his cock out of the fly. To my surprise, he didn't try and fight with me like Shawn had.

"You want it, fucking suck on it, faggot,"

I wasn't offended by the word faggot. I'd heard it enough times to become immune to it. All I could think of was the joy I was getting that I would be able to suck on his cock now. I closed the door to the bathroom, and pulled his boxers down to his ankles. His cock was hardening now, standing erect at about 8 inches. He was such a fucking hot guy. Dazzling brown eyes looked down at me as I opened my mouth wide to take his cock in. This dick was pretty thick as it was long, so taking it in was quite a challenge. But like I said earlier, I'm a fucking trooper.

He let out a moan when he first felt my mouth on it. He began to thrust his hips to match the movements my mouth was making. He jammed his cock down my throat, and I felt his soft purple head hit the very back of my throat. I was gagging like crazy, but I kept it under control, relaxing my mouth, lips and throat to continue pleasuring him. He finally pulled out of me and pushed me to the ground. He nearly ripped my shirt off in two while he took it off, and sat down on my chest, his cock right in front of my mouth. He just sat there, furiously beating his meat in my face. 

"Open your mouth," he commanded, as I faithfully followed. Before I knew it, his muscles all began to tighten, and he blew a huge wad of come right into my mouth. He let out a pretty loud grunting sound as he pumped all the juices out of cock straight into my eagerly waiting mouth. It was more of a roar, now that I think of it. A roar that a warrior makes when he wins a battle. But he was no warrior, and this was no battle, just one 18 year old blowing his load into the mouth of another 18 year old.

His cock became limp and my mouth became full of his manly juice, and he got up off me, offering a hand to help me up. He pulled me up, and he put his clothes back on as I tossed my shirt back on. He gave my cock a quick squeeze through my shorts, and went out towards the gym.

I simply stood there extremely confused. Was every guy in this school gay?