 *5*

How was any of this possible? I had spent my entire life laying on my bed, jerking off to the thought of having these guys cocks in my mouth and ass, and it was finally happening! I feel like a whole new person now, and I love what's becoming of this. I never would have imagined any of this happening to me; I'm just Troy, an 18 year old high school senior, pretty normal looking, with an unusually large cock, measuring 10 inches when hard. Not that any of the guys I've been with lately have seen, but that's beside the point.

I'm not making these moves so I can get my cock sucked. I want to see what I've been missing all my life from these guys, and if in the end my cock does get some pleasure, then that's great too.

For now I'll just stick to what I know.

*6*

School's becoming weird. I go from class to class, looking at guys who I've ever been with, and strive to be with. Economics today was weird, in an adverse way. I sit right across from Jake, so I thought it would be weird. But he didn't make it weird. He acted like absolutely nothing had happened, and there was no change in his demeanor at all.

Paul, unfortunately, also stayed the same. He was a rude, obnoxious little twat. He calls out and tries to outsmart the teacher, and it never really works out for him. I was amazed when I found out he was nominated for Mr. Spectacular.

In our school, in an effort to raise money for prom, a male beauty pageant is organized every year in late May called Mr. Spectacular. Both students and teachers are nominated, and compete in a variety of different events, ranging from a talent portion, fashion portion and a question and answer segment. In the end, one teacher and one student receive the title. This year, Paul was somehow nominated. Tonight was the big night, and it seemed to be all he boasted about. 

"You're coming tonight, right?" he barked at me, disrupting me from my daze.

"Uh, yeah," I said, a little confused. Paul and I never really spoke, mostly because I didn't like speaking to him, only staring at him, like right now. I could see his large bulge through his cargo shorts, nearly right in my face.

"Good, make lots of noise for me," he stated with a goofy smile while he walked away. He was so arrogant.

The rest of the day seemed to just drag on. Band, however, was a little exciting. I walked into the room, a few minutes late, interrupting the band's rendition on pomp and circumstance. The teacher didn't seem to mind, and continued on with the song. What was interesting was Shawn. He just seemed to stare at me the whole time. Not like an awkward stare, more of a stare that meant he wanted something. That he wanted to look away but couldn't seem to. It made me very excited, and very nervous. I'm not in this for a relationship, but having another round with Shawn would be excellent. I cut class the rest of the day to go home and relax and mull a few things over.

As the day neared its end, I headed back to school for the beauty pageant with my friend Francesca. She was the student body president, and had essentially put the whole thing together.

"Excited?" she asked as we walked into the auditorium.

"Very," I simply stated with a smile. Who wouldn't want to see the school's finest on display?

The pageant was silly, but it was fun. Everyone got to see the teacher's up there make fools of themselves trying to pull off a cheesy comedy act, make mistakes during their magic tricks, and singing horribly out of tune. Mr. Mitchell though, he was just an act of beauty. Being the chorus teacher, his voice was melodic and dreamy, and his blue eyes seemed to resonate throughout the entire auditorium. I was completely lost.

The students however were intense. They nailed their musical acts, danced their hearts out, and preformed beautiful gymnastics. Paul came out and did some skateboarding routine. After the talent section, Francesca told me she needed to go backstage for some reason and asked if I wanted to come. I said sure.

Apparently there was a tie between the judges, and they would need to issue a tiebreaker, which is traditionally a swimsuit competition. It was between Paul and another student, Ron. I gave Ron a high-five backstage for having the courage to go onstage in a tight speedo, and burst out laughing on my way back to the auditorium. My walk was interrupted, though, by someone grabbing my shoulder. It was Paul, wearing only swim trunks. His flat smooth stomach and chest seemed to glisten. He pulled me into a secluded spot underneath a staircase.

"What are you doing? Aren't you supposed to be on stage?" I exclaimed.

"They're doing the Q&A for the teachers first," he explained to me. Still didn't explain why I was underneath the staircase with him. That was until he began fumbling with the button on my jeans.

"What are you doing?!" I nearly shouted.

"I see the way you look at me in class, the way you admire me. I want to try everything before I go to California next year for school," he whispered. Sounded familiar. By this point, he had my pants at my ankles, and he pulled my shirt off over my head. So there was, sitting in my boxers with Paul Wagner, only in a bathing suit. He pulled me in for a kiss. Was this really happening? I pinched myself to make sure it wasn't a dream. Turns out it wasn't, and I only ended up with a small pain on my arm.

I was a little reluctant to kiss him at first, being in such shock from the whole experience of being approached by him. But before I knew it, he had his tongue swirling in my mouth exploring every area of my teeth and gums. His tongue wasn't the only thing he was using to explore. I felt his hand reach inside the elastic of boxers, reaching around for my hardening cock

.

"Fuck," he said in shock when his hands grasped my cock. "That thing's a monster!"

I smiled and leaned back in to continue kissing. His breathe tasted like peppermints, and all I wanted to do was just keep kissing him. That was before he pinned me down to the floor. He began kissing my neck, and moving further down. He reached my nipples and began sucking on them, running his tongue all along my upper body, teasing me like crazy. He continued his way down south, seeming to lick every inch of my body. He again reached the elastic of my boxers, and slowly began taking them off until my rock hard member sprung out, poking in the face. He had just wrapped his lips around them when we heard someone yelling in the hallway.

"Paul!? Paul!? Are you there, Paul?" it was Francesca, franticly looking for the future Mr. Spectacular.

Paul quickly took his mouth off my cock, and raced down the hallway without saying a word to me, returning to the competition. He left me there, with a raging boner and my pants around my ankles.

Fuck this school.