 *9*

I'm breaking my own rules. I said it myself: move from one guy to the next. I guess the first time with Paul didn't really count...but I wouldn't go as far as saying the second time did either. It was all over the computer, none of it really was personal. Oh well, "sour grapes" as they would say. 

Whether or not Paul wants to continue this relationship is irrelevant. I'm not going to let this get in my way. The same goes for Shawn. No matter how much I may think I like him, I need to move forward. I'm only eighteen years old; I know none of these feelings are real.

I am really just hoping none of this is going to come back to bite me in the ass.

*10*

All I can hear about today is Shawn's crazy birthday party over the weekend. I think I had received some sort of invitation over the computer or something like that, but I decided not to go. I don't want to get sucked into anything too serious.

Second period psychology was actually interesting today. Due to it being a college level course, and the test being administered in early May, we no longer had anything to do in the class. My teacher, Ms. Flannagan, only turned on a movie and handed out a worksheet with incredibly easy questions about the movie, just to make sure we didn't completely not pay attention. The movie was Mean Girls, though, so of course I was paying attention. Many of the characters reminded me of myself, though, a real shiesty character, going behind people's backs and all. This is the second to last week of school, though, and I'm not going to spend it in any kind of a funk.

I walk into band seventh period and immediately go onto the stage to start putting away some loose instruments lying around, as requested from my teacher. I walk on stage only to see Shawn standing there, rounding up a few wires. He turned his head upon hearing my footsteps.

"Oh. Hey," he said, lifelessly.

"What's up," I said, awkwardly.

"Missed you at my party,"

"Oh...did you?" I questioned.

"Of course I did," he responded, eyes beginning to flare. I couldn't tell if it was out of sadness or anger.

"Come here," I said as I grabbed his wrist. I pulled him over to the corner where we had first hooked up. "What's the problem?"

"You mean, you don't know?" he said with a devilish tone as he grabbed my crotch. He might as well have been slicing off my Achilles heel; my one weakness.

"No..." I said with a gulp. He started to rub through my jeans, while my member began hardening.

Things changed rather quickly. He squeezed down hard, choking my ballsack. "I fucking saw you," he snarled.

"S-s-s-saw me d-d-doing w-w-what?!" I managed to blurt out. I was writhing in pain.

"Mr. Spectacular. I fucking saw you and Paul underneath the staircase," he retorted as he released me from his grip. I fell to my knees.

"This is what you're angry about? Why do you care!?" I exclaimed. I didn't know if I was angry at him for choking my nuts, or for not having a good reason.

"I thought what we had meant something. I never even thought about guys, and then you came along and made everything so..." he wandered off, "...confusing! I didn't know who I liked anymore-boys or girls- I just knew that I liked, and wanted, you. And seeing you with that asshole Paul, it just boiled my blood,"

"Shawn, I'm sorry you felt something, but what we did here last week didn't mean anything to me. I'm going to be honest with you and tell you that it really was just mindless, and for the most part, a one time deal," I said while dusting my jeans off. "If you want to do it again, it's not going to be with any strings attached." And with that I stormed off the stage. I turned back one last time to see him frozen in place, both embarrassed and enraged.

I walked off the stage in the direction that doesn't lead back to the band room. I didn't want to go back there, and I didn't care about whether or not I got a cut for the day. What are they going to do, give me detention? I really wasn't mad or anything, my balls were just aching, not just from pain, but for some action. I wanted someone to suck my dick, and for more than just seven seconds like Paul did. I begrudgingly went through my contacts and pulled up Kevin Turkel's number. We had gotten together a few times in the past, but I was mostly disgusted by him that I would never answer his 2 AM text messages, begging for sex.

'Meet up in 20?' was all I needed to text him to get him to meet up. Within fifteen minutes, I had driven to the corner of Beltagh and Monroe street, waiting in my car to see him. A few minutes later, I saw that disgusting blonde streak of hair walking towards the forest. This particular corner had a secluded area, one that most people didn't know about, and is completely invisible from the street. It's mostly a place where kids go to fuck or smoke weed. I took the keys out of the ignition and walked towards the area.

He was standing right there, waiting for me. His tall, tanned and overly tattooed persona towered over me. He was exceptionally tall as compared to me. His hair color was not even distinguishable anymore it had been died so many times. It looked like a brownish-black with blonde streaks in random places. His piercings were mostly hard to look at, minus the one that lay on his tongue. 

"Nice to finally see you," he said emotionlessly as he approached me. He grabbed my head and took me in for a kiss. He wasted no time at all, forcing his tongue into my mouth and exploring my gums, teeth and tongue. I kissed along with him, mostly to be polite. I didn't come here to kiss. His hands immediately moved to my waist, as he undid the button and unzipped. He reached his hand in, and began massaging my cock. It felt so good.

The only good thing about hooking up with a whore is that they have so much damn experience. They know what to do and when to do it. His hand worked like an angel on my hardening package. I diverted my attention to him and tore his sleeveless shirt off his body. He was extremely skinny, no fat and no muscle on his body, but his severe tan and assortment of tattoos diverted the attention away from his bony structure. I pushed him away and kissed his neck. I sucked on it, and bit softly, hoping to leave my mark on him.

I slowly began making my way down his body. My lips stopped at his nipples, and began planting soft kisses on them. One of them had a ring, so I flung my tongue through and around it, and heard him let out a soft moan. I decided to continue my journey south. My tongue swirled around his abdominal region, tracing the outline of huge eagles wings tattooed there. My hands worked their magic on his Capri style jeans, and they slid to his ankles. He wasn't even wearing any underwear, not that I was surprised. His seven inch cock sprang out, and greeted me warmly. I didn't want to blow him just yet though. It was my turn today. I returned to his lips and slowly caressed his cock with hand, fondling his balls at the same time. Returning to his lips was sort of a sign to return to me.

He wasted no time shoving my jeans and boxers out of the way, and took my cock into his mouth. It fully hardened when I felt my head reach his throat. His experience totally made up for any kind of trashiness he had about him when it came down to it. My monster cock filled out, and he still took the whole shaft in. He shoved it in and out of his warm, moist mouth never once stopping to gag or breathe. I grabbed his messy hair and took over. I face fucked him, and I did it hard. I heard him a gag a few times, but for the most part he was a trooper. He even played with my balls a little bit. He must have felt them swell up in his hands, because right when I was about to cum, he took his best tricks out, swirling his tongue all around and using his hand to compensate for when his mouth wasn't completely around my dick. My mind went completely blank sans the thought of the amazing orgasm I was about to have.

Before I was even ready for it to happen, my load shot out all into his mouth. My gift dribbled out of his mouth while it was still shooting. I hadn't been sucked off in a very long time, and the size of this load was showing it. I finally finished, and he gulped it all down.

I took his dick in my hand and slowly started to jerk him off, getting ready to return the favor. Suddenly, a familiar scent was blasted into my nose. Marijuana. I turned around and saw a few dirtbags from my school, smoking a joint and looking directly at us.

"Nice show, homos," the first one, Drew spat.

That was all he had to say. It pulled my pants up and dashed away, leaving Kevin with some of the biggest blue balls of his life.