 Chapter Five : Preparing for Tina's Visit

It was now Tuesday morning and I found myself sitting at my desk. I couldn't believe I had done everything I had done with Jake in one night. What was happening to me? Had I been suppressing these things for a while or was it just that I was excited about being away from home and feeling free to experiment with the different joys of life? Or was it just because of Jake? I looked over to his bed, he wasn't there, he had left earlier to go map out his classes, but I could see him in my minds eye, laying there in all his beauty and glory. I shook my head and closed my eyes. I needed to think through what happened last night, and decide if it was really something I wanted to have happen again. I got up and grabbed my bike and headed outside to ride and clear my head. 

After a nice three hour bicycle tour of the city, and a lot of thinking as I rode, I returned to my dorm room having decided to just let whatever happens next, happen. Tina, my girlfriend would be coming down from Medford on Friday and I figured what the hell, why not have some different experiences until she gets here. I kind of sealed my fate as to what I would allow to happen with Jake when I found myself laughing as I wrapped a little present for him. I sat down at my computer and began clicking through some photos of Tina, my girlfriend, on my computer. Jake was still out checking out the shortest or quickest paths to his classes, he said he hated being late or god forbid, getting lost. He took along a GPS system and figured he would design a map to allow him to not waste time getting from class to class once school officially started in a little over two weeks.

God, I thought, had it really only been a day since I got here? It seems like I had known Jake for months now and with everything we had done so far, one would have thought more than one night had past since we first met. 

Anyway, as I sat there clicking through her pictures, I was trying to figure out a way to let Jake know she would be coming to see me and check out my dorm room this weekend. I didn't want to not tell him, nor did I want him to get upset by her just showing up without me having told him she was coming. I shook my head, what should it matter to him anyway? It wasn't like we were like a couple, neither of us were gay, well I wasn't really sure about Jake, but I knew I wasn't, and I don't know why I was worried about his reaction, but I felt a sense of, not loyalty, but maybe a deep friendship with him to just surprise him with Tina visiting.

Now as I sat there clicking through all of the photos of Tina, and Tina and me, I got to thinking deeply about what Jake and I had done last night. I knew I wasn't gay, but I had never before felt such a strong and deep connection with someone as quickly as I did with Jake. Even with Tina, it took a little while before I felt true feelings for her, and we sure didn't break right into having sex within hours of our first meeting. 

I had been in a hurry to leave little old Medford and begin to experience life and boy did I get an awesome first experience. As I looked at Tina's photos scrolling across my computer screen I got to wondering what she would think of what I had done with Jake. Should I even tell her? We had promised to be wholly truthful with each other, but this seemed like it might be best kept a secret. I stopped the pictures scrolling on one with Tina and me and her best girlfriend taken at her parents' cabin in northern Wisconsin last summer. I remember telling Tina that I thought her friend Beth had gotten hotter looking over the past year since she began to develop more womanly curves. Tina jokingly asked if I wanted to have a threesome with her. I remember just blushing and not really saying anything. Then Tina said she would be willing to do it and she said she could talk Beth into joining us if I really wanted to. She followed it up by saying that if we did that, then I'd have to pick a guy friend of mine to do a threesome with at some point with her. I laughed and said 'yeah sure'.

Well back then I would have never imagined that a little over a year later I would have been having sex with another guy, and liking it. But that was before I knew I'd be going off to college and meeting someone like Jake. 

Then I had an idea. It was an idea that both excited me and scared the hell out of me at the same time. I would have to be very careful in the way I broached the subject, with both Tina and Jake. I had to think of a cleaver plan to pull this off without causing too much trouble for myself. Hell, I thought, I'm a college guy now, I should be able to think this through and come up with a good plan, or fuck up my life royally in the process. I figured I would have to somehow work the idea into a conversation with Jake first, since he was here.

Jake came back to the dorm room about an hour later, he had loaded the GPS device with all of his classes destinations, he said 'Hi' and walked up behind me and peeked over my shoulder at the screen. 

"So which one is your girlfriend?" He asked after looking at the photo of me, Tina and Beth. I clicked ahead two photos to one of just Tina.

"This is Tina," I said leaning my head back and looking up at him. "So what do you think?"

"She's hot," He said leaning in a little bit. "I see you like them on the slender side."

"Yeah," I smiled up at him. "Just like you." I laughed, then thought, why the hell did I say that?

"Show me more," He said rolling his desk chair over and sitting beside me. "If you want to that is?"

"Sure, I have shit loads of photos of her in here." I said as I clicked on the folder named 'Tina' and clicked on'slideshow'. "Enjoy." I said and leaned back in my chair. 

I watched the photos fade in and out every five seconds as Jake eyed up Tina as her photos flashed across the screen.

"She's a little hottie," He commented. "How long have you two been together?"

"Since eighth grade," I answered. "So a little over four years now."

"You two look so cute together," He smiled at me. "Is she going to college too?"

"No she's got a job that starts in a couple of weeks back home. She's an artist actually, she can paint really beautifully and plans on going around to flea markets and stuff to sell some of her paintings, just to see if other people like them and would pay for them. But she needed a part time job for some extra spending money to be able to come visit me. I offered to pay her way, but she said she wanted to pay for it herself." I grinned as I thought that was a cleaver way to broach her coming to visit.

"An artist you say, I'd love to meet her, when is she coming to visit you?"

"Funny you should ask," I said turning to look at Jake. "She's actually coming down on Friday."

"For real? This weekend?" Jake smiled at me. "Are you going to introduce us?" He smiled and blinked his eyes and tilted his head and gave me that little puppy dog look. "How long will she be staying and where?"

"Yeah I want to introduce you two." I answered. "But I was thinking we should set a few grounds rules first, maybe."

"Like what?" Jake frowned and pushed his chair back a little.

"Well I was just thinking..." 

"That you don't want her to know about what we did?" Jake asked. "I'm cool with that, it can be just our little secret, and I'd never tell anyone that you didn't want me to tell. I hope you feel the same."

"Yeah," I replied smiling at him. "I'd never tell anyone either without your permission. It's kind of a private thing. But that's not exactly what I was getting at..."

"Well what then?" He asked rolling his chair back close to mine.

"Well, don't take this the wrong way, but I need to ask first."

"Ask away Toby."

"You do like girls too right?"

"Yeah, but not in a truly sexual way. I mean they don't repulse me or anything. I like kissing them and stuff and maybe playing with their boobies, but not like full on sex. Why do you ask?" He leaned in and turned his head to look me in the eye. He smiled that broad toothy smile of his.

"Well last summer she teased me about Beth, the other girl in the first photo. She thought that I wanted to have sex with her, so she asked me if I wanted to do a three way with the two of them."

"You lucky bastard," Jake slapped me on the back. "Did she go through with it, come on tell me."

"No," I laughed. "We didn't get to go through with it, sad to say, although I did jack off to the thought of that quite a few times that summer."

"Aw bummer," Jake laughed. "So why did you ask me about liking girls?"

"Well..." I stammered and blushed. "No, no, never mind."

"Oh no you don't," Jake chided me and grabbed my crotch. "You better tell me or I won't every play with this again." He looked at me and smiled.

"Oh since you put it that way," I laughed. "I'll tell you. You see after she asked me about having a threesome with Beth, I hemmed and hawed for a while but finally said yes I would like that if she wanted to, so she agreed but had one stipulation."

"Oh, what was the stipulation?" Jake asked elongating each syllable of the word individually.

"That if we did it, I would have to pick one of my guy friends and have a threesome with her with him sometime." I blushed and smiled.

"Oh my god," Jake screamed out excitedly, he seemed down right giddy. "Are you trying to ask me what I think you're trying to ask me?"

"Yeah I think so," I said. I turned and looked him in the eye and put my hands on his knees. "So Jake would you like to have a threesome with me and Tina?" I was literally shaking in my seat.

He jumped from his chair and kissed me on the cheek and hugged me.

"Oh god yes Toby, I would love that."

"Whoa, settle down there Jake," I laughed as I hugged him back. "I need to figure out a way to bring it up to her so she doesn't freak out and like dump me or something."

"Oh yeah," Jake sat back down in his chair. "That would totally suck for you. So do you have any ideas?"

"A couple, but nothing set yet," I said. "What about you? How would you try to set it up?"

"Oh wow, I'll need a few minutes with that." Jake laughed. "Hmm, since we are seriously thinking about trying to do this, can I ask something?"

"Sure." I replied. "Ask away."

"Well, ah, do you have any like personal photos of Tina on your computer?"

"Yeah, a few," I smiled. "You want to see them?"

"If you want to show me," He answered. "A little preview of what I will see in a couple of days. Maybe?"

"Maybe?" I smiled at him as I clicked onto the folder labeled private and entered my password to open it. "Hopefully, actually." I said as I rubbed the inside of his leg.

The first photo that appeared on the computer screen was on of Tina sitting on my bed at home without a shirt or bra on. Jake leaned in and looked intently at the picture.

"Oh, nice little titties." He commented.

"Yeah a perfect handful," I replied as I held my hands up and cupped them. "I can hold each one in the palm of my hand."

"I can see her nipples are hard," Jake snickered. "Next one please." He said without looking away from the screen. I clicked to the second photo which was of Tina lying naked on my bed, and I had stood above her and taking the picture.

"Whoa," Jake sighed. "My god she has a hot little body." He leaned in and eyed the screen and then looked up to me. "So does she shave or is that natural?"

"She keeps it trimmed nicely for me." I laughed. Then a tinge of fear fell over me like a black cloud turning a sunny day into a storm. How was I going to explain my new hair style down there to her? Jake sensed my mood change and looked at me and asked shyly.

"What's wrong?"

I turned and looked at Jake and then looked down to my crotch and back up to him. I tried to speak but no words came out.

"Oh my," Jake whispered. "I know what you're thinking. She's gonna wonder about you new haircut, right?"

"Yeah." I muttered. "How the hell can I explain that, she's gonna notice for sure."

"Ah, yeah," Jake laughed. "There's no hiding that. I'm sorry for talking you into letting me do it now." Jake said trying to comfort me.

"No, no," I shook my head. "You didn't talk me into anything, I just wasn't thinking ahead. Oh fuck." I leaned back in my chair and buried my face in my hands.

"It'll be okay," Jake rubbed my shoulder. "We'll think of something, we have a few days, right?"

"Yeah," I shook my head to clear my thoughts. "I hope we can think of something she will believe."

"We will," Jake assured me. "Don't let it bother you too much. We'll think it through and get a good cover story together by Friday."

"I hope so," I sighed and clicked to the next photo to get my mind off of my shaved pubes and how I was going to explain them to Tina. "Oh here's one you'll probably like." I said as the photo appeared. It was one of Tina and me naked lying on my bed.

"Oh yes," Jake laughed. "The best of both worlds here, I can see your hard cock and her titties."

"I thought you'd like that one." I poked him in the side. "So let's see if you really like these photos?" I asked as I reached over and placed my hand on his crotch. I felt his hardness through his jeans. "Yup, feels like you're enjoying them."

"Oh very much so. Especially the last one." Jake smiled. "I can't wait to meet her now."

"Keep clicking through the photos," I told him as I got up and walked over to the foot of my bed. 

"Where are you going?" He asked watching me.

"No where," I replied laughing. "Just keep looking through the photos; unless they don't interest you anymore, I'm just getting something I got for you earlier today."

"You got me something?" He inquired quite inquisitively. "What'd you get me?"

"It's really nothing," I laughed. "I just thought I'd give you this, sort of as a joke, after I was out biking this morning. Especially now that you are enjoying yourself a little too much, since you still have some punishments coming, remember?"

I handed Jake the badly wrapped in newspaper package. He held it and shook it and sat it in his lap. 

"I wonder what it could be." He laughed as he slowly tore at the corner of the paper.

"Well from prior experience, I think it's something you can use and enjoy." I laughed as I sat back down in my chair beside him. He tore the paper back and instantly his cheeks blushed bright red. "You like them?"

"What the hell?" He laughed as he held up a pair of my jockey shorts sealed in a large Ziploc baggy.

"I wore them this morning when I was out biking, I worked up quite a nice sweat," I laughed. "And when I came back to shower and change, I thought it would be a shame to let such moist underwear go to waste, what with you being here and all."

Jake smiled his broad toothy smile at me. I could tell he was extremely excited, yet a little embarrassed. He reached to open the baggy, I stopped him.

"Oh no, hold on there my little underwear sniffing boy." I scolded him. He looked at me with a slightly sad face, as if to say, 'what the hell you give me a great gift and I can't enjoy it.' "My little underwear lover needs to be naked before he can enjoy his gift."

Jake didn't hesitate, he stood up and stripped and stood before me naked and hard, his cock bouncing with excitement.

"Okay, that's better," I said and handed him the baggy. He opened it and put his nose in the bag and inhaled deeply. He smiled and I noticed his hard cock twitching as he sniffed my underwear in the baggy. He reached in and pulled them out, holding them like they were a crystal ball in his hands.

"They're still moist." He smiled widely and held them to his face and sniffed the crotch.

"Yeah I was sweating up a storm out biking," I smiled at him. "And I think without all the hair down there, they got a little wetter then usual."

Jake stood there naked sniffing my still moist sweaty underwear. I watched as he sucked the crotch into his mouth and tried to suck my sweaty goodness from them. I reached out and gently stroked his hard cock as he sniffed and sucked on my underwear. 

"So you like your little gift?"

"Oh god yes Toby." He stopped sniffing and licking my underwear long enough to say and then buried his face back into them.

"Would it be okay if I took some pictures of you doing that?" I asked as I gripped his hard cock tighter.

He nodded approval and mumbled a quite yes through my underwear. I got up and got my camera and started taking snapshots of him as he stood there naked and hard with his face buried in my underwear. I moved around and he began to step into different poses as I clicked away shooting pictures. 

"How daring is my little underwear sniffer?"

"Why?"

"Follow me if you dare." I said as I backed up to the door and opened it and stepped out into the hallway, clicking pictures as I stood in the hall. To my surprise, Jake began to walk towards the door and stepped out into the hallway, my underwear still pressed to his face. He nervously looked up and down the hallway and stood there waiting for me to tell him what to do next. "Play with yourself." I whispered. He reached down with one hand and stroked his little hard cock as I backed up in the hallway towards the windows at the far end, Jake following me like a well trained puppy.

"Stand in front of the window and jack off." I whispered. Jake walked to the window and stroked his cock as he sniffed my underwear. I kept taking pictures as he posed in several poses. "Over here." I whispered and moved to the door of the stairwell and opened it. Jake walked over and stepped into the stairwell and down a couple of steps.

"How far do you want me to go down?"

I couldn't help but laugh thinking of the double meaning of his question. I snapped a few pictures and then waved him back up and into the hallway. I had him do some posing in front of the other dorm room doors and in the hallway before telling him to walk back into our room as I clicked photos of his sexy tight little ass as he walked down the hallway. I closed our door behind us and put the camera down.

"Wow," I said walking up behind him and grabbing his ass. "You're quite the daring little fellow aren't you?"

"When I'm sniffing your sweet moist undies I'll do what ever you tell me to do." He laughed but then got serious and added. "My Master."

"Master," I whispered. "I like the sound of that. So what shall I call you?"

"Whatever you wish to call me Master, for I am yours to do with as you please." He whispered back, grinding his ass in my hands.

"Oh so many names to choose from," I laughed and tightened my grip on his ass. "My 'little underwear boy' sounds sexy, but then so does my 'sex slave', unless of course you would like me to get really raunchy and demeaning?" I felt his ass tighten up and he shuddered as I said that. "Hmm, I'll take that as a yes."

"On your knees you cock sucking cum eater." I yelled at Jake as I slapped his ass firmly. I undid my pants and let them fall to the floor as I pulled my underwear down to my knees. "Suck my cock you little bitch."

Jake pulled my used underwear from his face and sucked my cock into his mouth without hesitation. He reached up and tickled my balls as he sucked and licked my hard cock. He pulled my cock from his mouth and licked all over the areas he had shaved the night before.

"Stop licking," I yelled at him. "You're my cock sucking little bitch, not my crotch licker." Jake sucked my hard cock back into his mouth and sucked me all the way down; I could feel the tip of my cock pressing against his throat. "Yeah, you little cock sucker, suck your master's hard cock." I pulled my cock back until just the head was in his mouth; I looked down at him and gave him his instruction. "When your master is close to cumming, I will pull my cock from your mouth and turn around, when I do, my little ass licking whore, you will wrap my cock with my underwear and jack me off as you tongue fuck your master's asshole."
