 * This is a fantasy of mine; no more, no less. Please don't leave negative feedback if you're surprised that it's male-on-male sex.




What a trip. It's been seven days since I've been on the road already and I've had car trouble in two states, and now this. Who knew that taking this job as a sales rep would be such an adventure. I guess, with the money that I'll be making I can get a new car eventually, but for now, I'm stranded yet again. And, on one of the hottest days of the year, too.

I left my car hood up and I locked the doors and started walking along the side of the road trying to either thumb a ride or find a gas station. My cell phone didn't work out here in the desert so I was really out of luck. Within a few minutes after leaving my car, a van drove by slowly and then it turned around and stopped and a guy poked his head out of the window and asked if I needed a ride. I'm going to find out soon enough that he and he buddies really meant that "ride' part.. 

I said, "Sure, thanks!" 

The side door opened and I jumped in, not even thinking of what might happen next. As soon as I got in, the driver took off and I noticed that this van was fully padded and carpeted and that it had padded rings on the ceiling. I didn't think too much about it until I also noticed that there were two other guys in the back and they didn't have any clothes on! They were buck-naked! And, they either didn't have air-conditioning or they had it turned off because it was super hot in there! I was already sweating from walking along the side of the road for fifteen minutes out in the hot sun and now after just a few seconds of being in that furnace-like van, I'm really sweating. 

So, the guy in the passenger seat that leaned out the window said that they had driven past me when I was walking and then turned around and came back after noticing my ass! I couldn't believe he had just come out and said that to a total stranger! He said that they had been on the road for a few days and had picked up the other two guys in the back, too, and that they were wondering if I'd be up for some fun in the back of the van? I couldn't believe this was happening! 

What was I going to say? I couldn't really say, "No thanks", who knows what they would have done. And, I was horny anyway from being on the road by myself for a week now and always being hot and sweaty and thinking about all sorts of fantasies.

So I said, "What do you mean by fun?" 

He said that they were going around the country and filming total strangers getting fucked by total strangers and that they were hoping that I'd be up for that. Hmmm... actually, this has been a fantasy of mine for quite awhile, so I said "Sure, that sounds like fun!" 

The two guys in back seemed to almost jump when I said that. They started stirring around on the carpeted bench seat thing that they were sitting on and one of them started slowly stroking his cock as they both stared at me. Oh oh, what did I just get myself into?! We were all sweating like crazy so when he said to take my clothes off I didn't argue, it was SO hot in the back of that van. Almost the instant that I started pulling my pants off, the two naked guys in back crawled over to me and started pulling on my pant legs!

This was a weird feeling knowing I'd soon have two strangers fucking their sweaty cocks into my sweaty asshole in the back of a hot, carpeted van moving down the highway! I sat my sweaty naked ass on the carpeted floor of the van and the two naked and obviously aroused strangers pulled my pants off and also my shoes and socks and then my shirt, until I was as naked and sweaty and horny as they probably were! My cock was starting to get hard so they knew I was the one they were looking and hoping for. 

One of the naked strangers started rubbing his rough hands all over my body as I laid on the floor of the van, he must have had a hard working life with such rough hands. It really felt weird to be sitting there naked with my cock hanging out getting harder by the second, as those two sweaty, naked strangers were rubbing me all over.

The other stranger lifted me up and bent me over the carpeted bench so that I was on my hands and knees and he started to spread my ass cheeks and he started to lick and tongue and finger my asshole! WOW that felt good!! 

"Mmmmmm... mmmm...".. That's all he said as he kept licking until my cock was as hard as theirs were. He squirted some liquid in my ass and the next thing I knew I was getting my tight little hole reamed by a sweaty, slippery stranger's cock, and it felt good. 

He was holding onto my sweaty hips and just pistoning in and out of my asshole until the passenger said, "STOP!! I said no sex with the new guy until we get the camera set up!"

Well, the naked, horny stranger wasn't about to stop reaming my ass so he just kept pounding into my backside, slapping my ass cheeks in-between pumps! 

SMACK! SLAP!! SPANK!! My sweaty ass cheeks made a cracking sound when he sharply spanked them in-between ramming his cock in my slippery hole.

This was great, getting spanked and fucked by a total stranger as we were both dripping with sweat in the back of a moving van!! I wondered how much sweat, dirt, cum and other things had been dripped on that carpet. It really made me feel naughty and dirty and I loved it, being pushed down onto that dirty carpet and fucked hard and fast.

The other naked guy started spanking my ass too, SLAP! SLAP!! They were both really aroused and weren't about to stop until they unloaded a pint of hot sperm up my asshole. And, that's exactly what I was hoping for, to feel their hot sperm shooting up inside of my colon. This didn't make the passenger too happy to have these guys fucking me already, but he couldn't stop them so he just grabbed the camera and started filming.

It wasn't long before the first guy started moaning and he really started SLAMMING into my shit hole, bouncing off of my sweaty butt cheeks as he shot his hot, sticky cum as far up my ass as he could, slapping my ass at the same time! 

"RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!! Can you feel my cum shooting up your ass? ARRGGGGGHHHH! Your asshole is so tight! This guy's a keeper, his ass is so tight.. mmmm.. rrrrr.."

Later, I found out that the name of the video was called "Highway Ride", not too creative but pretty accurate. 

Almost the instant that the first guy's sticky cock plopped out of my sticky asshole, the other guy slid his much bigger cock inside me and started going to town. Fuck, fuck, ram, ram, shove... Pounding and slithering that huge, fat, cock in-between my little tight buttcheeks. It felt like a snake was being forced in my asshole every time he slid that thing in me. 

I said, "Mmmmmmmm.. that feels so good to be totally filled up like that, your cock is the biggest one that I've ever had up my poop chute." "It totally fills my ass and I love that feeling of being totally filled like that! It feels like I'm shitting every time you pull that thing out of my ass all the way and my hole winks at you and then you shove it back in all the way! You're going to pack the shit so far up my ass that I won't be able to shit for a week when your cock head hits bottom in me like that.. uuuhhh uuhh.. That feels so good, fuck me harder, you sweaty bastard!!"

I knew that it must look amazing on film to see that HUGE dick somehow squeezing between my tight little butt cheeks and disappearing up my asshole. 

The guy filming said, "Guy #1, spank his ass while guy #2 is fucking him." 

Yow, and he did spank my ass; hard!! SPANK! SPANK! SLAP, SWAT, SWAT, SLAP, SPANK...!! 

I could barely take any more of that huge cock reaming into me. I felt like I was going to faint from the great feeling of being stretched out so much and the nerve endings in my asshole being abused and stretched like that! I couldn't believe that that guy could slide his fat cock into such a tight, slippery hole for so long without cumming. 

Well, just as I thought that, I felt his grip on my waist tighten and he started moaning. 

"Aaaaaa.. mmmmmmmm.. uuuuuuuhh OOOOHHHHHHHH!!!RRRRRR.. I'm cumming in his ass! I'm going to give you a hot cum enema! Your little ass is so sexy and tight and your little figure skater butt cheeks are so nice to bounce off of." 

He started spraying a HUGE load of hot, sticky sperm up my asshole and it totally filled me up and started shooting out around the sides of his cock, but he just kept ramming into me!! WOW, that's gotta be a few cups of super hot cum!! How does he have so much cum?! It feels so good to have that hot sperm shooting up my ass, mm.. I'm about to cum it feels so good. 

Seeing this, the other guy put my cock in his mouth and that's all it took! 

"OOHHHHHHH!! I'm cumming!!!!" was all that I could get out before I shot my much smaller load into the guy's mouth just as the other guy was finishing up unloading an unbelievable amount of hot cum in my ass. It'll be all I can do to keep it in there so it doesn't leak out. I'm so horny and feeling so dirty and nasty by this point that I was wishing that I could have sucked all of that hot cum out of my own ass.

Well, the big-cocked guy was ready with a butt plug that he shoved up my slippery asshole to keep all of their hot cum in me! 

The camera guy said, "Hey, that wasn't bad for just some regular raw anal sex with the new guy." 

Now I'm remembering the rings on the ceiling of the van and sure enough, that's what was on his mind too as he told the two naked guys to tie me to the rings so my body was about 3" off of the floor. They put a strap around my waist and one around my chest and tied me to the ceiling and then tied my hands around my back! And then they put a blindfold on me!! So, I was just dangling there, face down with my plugged ass just at the perfect height for more fucking, and I was swaying around as the van moved and turned and I was totally helpless!!! 

They took turns spanking my sweaty, cum-covered butt cheeks when I was dangling there, laughing at how I swayed back and forth because I was tied up off of the van floor.

I found out that these two guys were homeless hitchhikers that they had picked up and they had paid them to fuck a stranger in the back of this van so they could film it!! 

I could feel the van coming to a stop but I couldn't see anything since they had blindfolded me but I could hear voices and giggling and could feel that I was being watched. I found out that they saw a group of other homeless guys standing in an alley and they were going to have them come inside the van and fuck me too! 

Whoa, where are we? How many guys are in the van now? What are they going to let them do to me?! This could get interesting...