 This is a fantasy of mine; no more, no less. It's not real! Please don't leave negative feedback if you're surprised that it's male-on-male sex.

*****

.. The van came to a stop and I was still tied to the ceiling. I was just hovering there above the carpeted floor of the van so that my ass was about 2 or 3 feet off the floor; perfect butt-fucking height. Someone could just drop to their knees behind me and start pumping in and out of my ass and I wouldn't be able to do anything about it. My knees are an inch or two from touching the carpeted floor of the van. 

As the van stopped, I swayed back and forth from the motion of the van coming to a stop and me being suspended and tied to the rings on the ceiling of the van. One of the naked guys back there with me SLAPS my ass and I sway back and forth even faster, like a carnival ride. 

The guy SLAPPED my ass and said, "Ha ha ha, hey, check this out, look at him go back and forth through the air when I slap his ass! Ha ha ha! I love this guy's ass. I'm getting a hard on again, I can't wait to shove it up his shit hole and cum up there again." 

I could tell that it was the guy with the horse cock. Yeaa, I'm thinking to myself! He's going to slither and slide that beast of a cock up my ass again and fill me up with another huge load of his hot cum. 

The guy that was filming us from the front passenger seat of the van said, "NO, don't stick that dick in his ass again, you guys have had your turn up there, we're going to get some more guys in here and let them have a turn fucking his ass and cumming up there. You can all use his asshole again after they've had their chance." 

The big-cocked guy said, "Fuck that, I'm gonna shove my dick up this guy's tight little shithole again right now! Rrrrr.. ahhh.. mmm mmm mmm mmm rrr r mm mm mmmm.. uuhhh uuhh.. his little asshole is still super tight.. rrr.. mmm.." 

I guess there's no stopping a homeless guy with nothing to lose, so he pulled out the butt plug and RAMMED his cock all the way up my ass again and started pumping. It felt like I was taking a shit every time he pulled that huge cock all the way out of my ass, but then he totally filled it up again when he rammed it back in there again. 

The guy fucking into my abused, sweaty hole said, "This guy is the best fuck ever, I can't believe how tight his little asshole is; so nice.. so tight. He's such a dirty boy too, I can feel him clenching his ass and massaging my cock. I love fucking this ass.. mm mmm mmm ggg.. rrrr uhhhuuh uhhh ... packing this guy's shit up his ass with my dick.. mmmm mmmm.. I can feel his shit way up his ass too and I'm packing it up there with every fuck." 

He pulled his huge horse cock out all the way on every stroke and then RAMMED it back in all the way up to his dirty, hairy, sweaty balls. That felt so good to be totally filled up like that, to be used as a sex toy and to have my asshole raped like that by complete strangers. He definitely rammed and packed the shit up in my ass! That was by far the biggest dick I've ever had plunging up my asshole! 

Oh oh, he was ready to spurt another pint of steamy, sticky cum up inside of my shit hole.. There he goes! He tightened his grip on my waist and rammed his cock home! 

He yelled, "Aaaaaaaahh!! Here it comes again asshole!! I'm cumming again!! AAAA... ERRRRRRR! Take all this cum you dirty tied-up stranger! I'm not done fucking your ass either. Aaaahhh.. oh man, he's tightening his ass and milking my cock, what a dirty bastard this guy is, I bet he loves getting his dirty little ass fucked as much as we love to fuck that dirty little ass! His shit is really packed up there now." 

Oh boy, there went another huge amount of hot cum in my ass, they'd better ram that buttplug up there again, there's no way I can hold all of this cum inside of me! 

I was still buck-naked and slippery and dripping with sweat from being in the back of that hot van, and now my ass and back were covered with hot, sticky, gooey, messy cum, especially from the 2nd guy with the huge cock who had fucked me twice so far. I'm also filled to the brim with their hot cum too as they both shot their loads of hot, sticky cum up inside of my ass up into my colon, filling me up to overflowing, so much so that they had to put a buttplug in my asshole to keep it all up in there. The 2nd guy really shot it up in there, twice! Wow, it felt like a hose of hot water was spraying up inside of my colon as he was cumming in me! His cock gliding in-between my tight ass cheeks as he was spurting his hot sperm up my ass; what a feeling; so dirty, so nasty, so slippery, so sticky! 

All the while that he raped me again the passenger filmed this for their video. Now we're stopped somewhere, which I found out later was at the end of an alley where they drove past and saw a bunch of homeless guys standing around. They were going to pick some of those homeless guys up and start filming again with those new guys using my poor little shithole as a toy to abuse however they wanted to.

I could hear voices outside the van and was the passenger, the one that was filming, talking to these guys and trying to see if they'd be interested in coming inside to have fun with "this guy that we picked up" (me). Three of them finally agree to come in for a "ride" and then the van took off down the road again. Now there were SIX of us in the back of that padded and carpeted van, three of us were totally naked and dirty and sweaty and three more just got in. And, when they got in, they couldn't help but notice that I was naked and tied to the ceiling, covered with cum, and I had a buttplug crammed up my ass. I was swaying back and forth as the van moved along down the road! 

Someone SLAPPED my cum-soaked buttcheeks! SLAP, SPANK, SPANK! They seemed to like the sound and feel of spanking my ass when it was sticky and wet with sperm like that. SLAP! SLAP! SPANK! SPANK! I could feel that he had rough hands too, and he started rubbing them on my back and buttcheeks; back and forth over my smooth skin, rubbing his rough hands across my back and ass and rubbing my asshole in-between my buttcheeks with his chapped, dry fingers as he rubbed back and forth. 

I can't lie, it felt great to be rubbed by this stranger's rough skin. I had no idea if it was the same one that was just spanking me or not, and I didn't care. Then I felt a rough finger rubbing around the buttplug, and twisting the plug in my ass! Whoa! 

Someone said, "Don't take that buttplug out or cum will shoot out of his ass like Old Faithful. We loaded it up pretty good just a half-hour ago." 

The new guy said, "My cock is almost hard enough to shove up there now, I'll try to stick it in there at the same time that I pull out the buttplug. Let me take my clothes off first. Man, it sure is hot back here, I'm all sweaty already!" 

So he stripped his worn-out clothes off and was now as naked and sweaty as the first 2 guys and myself were. The other two "new guys" still had their clothes on but I could just barely see that they were starting to rub their cocks and one was starting to take his pants off. I still had the blindfold on so I couldn't see anything perfectly, but it was slipping around on my head enough so I could see glimpses of what was going on. 

It wouldn't be long before another dirty cock was going in and out of my ass. My blindfold was partially coming off but nobody seemed to care so I didn't say anything. It was great to finally be able to see a little bit. Boy, these were some rough-looking characters. I couldn't believe that I was getting fucked by dirty, sweaty homeless guys in the back of a moving van, and LOVING it!! 

It wasn't long before the new guy was rubbing his cock in-between my buttcheeks, up and down, up and down, and then he squeezed my cheeks together and ran his cock through it like it was a hot dog in a bun! MAN that felt good on my ass. But, that plug was still in my asshole and I know that he'd better be quick when he pulled it out otherwise it'd be like fireworks going off in there! 

And, he WAS quick, before I could even think about it, YOW, he pulled out the buttplug and rammed his rock-hard cock up my ass! 

He yelled, "AHHHH!! MAN this hole is tight! I can feel the other cum in there too, how much did you guys shoot up there anyway, it's like fucking a waterbed, holy shit. Some of the other cum is leaking out around my dick as I ram it up his ass!" 

What a feeling it was to have this new, dirty stranger raping my ass when it was already full of hot cum from two other strangers! His cock was quite a bit smaller than the huge horse cock on the other guy, so I had to clench up my butt cheeks to even feel it. As he was sliding his cock in my ass, he was also sliding one of his fingers in next to his cock!! Whoa, now I could feel it!! Now he was spitting on my asshole too! Just what I needed, more lubrication after having a quart of sperm already unloaded up my ass... 

The new guy said, "Uuuuhhhhh, I can't take any more, I've gotta cum!! AAAAHHHH!! Rrrrrrrrrr!! UUUUUUUUhhhhhhhhh!! Here it comes man, I'm adding my hot sperm to the load of cum already up your ass!" 

Wow was he ever! He must not have cum in a year, I could feel jet after hot, streaming jet of sticky cum SHOOTING into my ass and filling me up again after some cum leaked out during that fuck session. He grabbed onto my sweaty, slippery hips and RAMMED his dirty cock up my ass and started shooting out every last drop of hot sperm. I helped by squeezing my ass together and milking his fat cock of every last drop of steaming sperm.. ahh.. he's almost done. 

Then the next guy shoved his cock up my ass without even a pause! 

"Uhh, nice. What.. mmmmm... what a tight ass this guy has. Where did you find this guy?", he asked the guy filming. 

"He was just walking along the road and we picked him up." 

"Ohhhhhhh.. he's great, I just might take this guy when we're done here. I'd love to have a little white ass like this to fuck whenever I wanted to, it's SO tight and smooth... mm.. mmmm.. uuh uuhh uuhh uuhhh.. I'd just keep his blindfold on and feed him rice and oatmeal so he's got some nice shit to fuck into with my dick..." 

This guy's cock is a lot bigger than the last guy's was, and he's the dirtiest-minded of them all so far, which I like. I could barely see, but I think he's black, which would explain the big dick. Maybe he has a lot of black friends with big cocks too that would want to stick their dicks into some stranger's asshole! I like his dirty mind and his dirty ideas. The thought of being tied up outside in this guy's homeless camp and being forcefed and having strangers just walking up to me and sliding their dirty cocks up my ass and watching me shit and piss out in the open and then trying to fuck me while I'm forcing a big turd out between my butt cheeks! Ramming their dirty cocks up my ass when I'm shitting... ohh... that really gets me horny! Dirty strangers walking up to me tied up and helpless and unloading their stinky, sticky hot cum in my ass and packing my shit in with their dirty cocks really turns me on! I hope they're getting this all on film; all the dirty talk and spanking and everything. aybe they'll have a stray dog that they'll have fuck my ass too..

Well, the dirty black guy was about to unleash on my colon with his load of sperm, I could tell by the speed that he was fucking into my ass! 

He yelled, "AAAAAAHHHH!! I'M CUMMING! Right in this guy's tight little white ass!! Uuuuuuu.. Here it comes man, take this cum you little tied-up fuck toy! I can't wait to get you back to my spot in the woods, I've got a few friends that will want to slide their dicks in-between these little tight, white cheeks and shoot their hot cum up your white ass! I love the look of my black dick going between your little tight, white ass! My big, black dick disappearing in your little, white, round ass. You're going to clean off my dirty, shitty, cum-covered cock with your pretty mouth!" 

He kept his cock in me for almost a minute after cumming in me, and he started pissing in my ass! It felt great, but there was no way that I would be able to keep all of that inside of my already-full shit chute, so someone put a plastic sheet under me just to catch some of it. Although, the thought of being pushed down and fucked on the dirty, wet, piss and cum covered carpet almost made me shoot my load right there! 

Wow, he was really ramming into my cheeks, shooting his piss up there with his half-hard, huge black cock, mixing it in with the other guys' sperm. He finished and pulled his dripping cock out and spanked my buttcheeks a few times, laughing at how they jiggled and made a loud sound because they were all sweaty and wet with cum and now piss. He came around to the other side and stuck his half hard cock in my mouth and I could taste everything that was in my ass. He started to get hard again and I knew that I would be in for another hard fuck from him once he was fully hard again.

I was swaying all over the place, being tied to the ceiling of the van, and I could see people looking into the back windows as they drove by, wondering what the hell was going on back there! I was pointed towards the back as I was tied to the ceiling around my stomach so my legs were dangling down like I was on my hands and knees but I was just floating there! 

The last guy couldn't wait anymore so as the black guy was getting his dirty cock cleaned off by my "pretty mouth", and started to get hard again, the new guy crawled over and shoved his cock up my ass and pumped a couple of times and then started shooting his sperm up inside me. He was just too excited from seeing everyone else raping me and doing incredibly dirty things to me that he started cumming right away. It was a good load too, one of the biggest so far! His cock was average-sized, but he really has a LOT of hot cum shooting in me! I couldn't wait to clean off his dirty cock, too! 

What a ride so far, wow! I can't imagine what they have in mind for me next. Oh oh, now the van is slowing down again.. hmm..