 This is my first submission and also my first ever attempt to write a story like this.

It was written in a single day, so it may have some mistypes despite my revision. I hope you all enjoy and feel free to send in your comments. They will be warmly appreciated.

This story is purely fictional. Any coincidence with living or deceased persons is pure coincidence.

copyright protected 2010

_______________________

It was around 2 a.m. of a weekday and I was driving back home. My head was still spinning from the day at the office and I needed a release. It hadn't been a bad day though. Things were actually marching pretty well but it had been intense and I was tired and eager to get back home. I was 30-year-old at the time and held a job as creative director for a major advertising agency. I was single then since the right one hadn't appeared yet and, living in a world such as mine, I was constantly showered with the kind of offers one does not refuse unless is mad or impotent. I wasn't bad looking either and, you know, as a creative director my income wasn't so bad also. All added up, I was happy enough with my bachelor life. Contrary to most of my colleagues and related work acquaintances, I kept my city life to the necessary that including job and, of course, some social and party life. However, being a surfer, I needed to get away from all that so I had bought a nice cottage near the beach almost an hour away from the center and that was where I was heading to.

It was a moonlit and warm summer night and I had winded down the car windows. The road was straight, fair and almost deserted at that hour so I was speeding away. Not like a maniac, but enough to enjoy the warm wind blowing in and some adrenaline from the speed. The blow of fresh air was actually making me feel really good as I thought of getting back to my peaceful den, already imagining the surf the day after since I had self-decreed a day off for the following day. With the full moon arriving tomorrow, the swell had been pounding the coast for the last three days already and I couldn't take it anymore.

Anticipating the surf rush, the Pixies were pounding high on the car stereo and I was happily singing along. However, the mood was to be interrupted by some annoying blue flashing lights. Yup, the cops! Cursing, I slowed down and pulled over. Music was off for the time being. The cops parked right behind flooding my car with their high beams. The intermittent blue of the patrol car's light-bar added to the uncomfortable light shower. I didn't turn my head back and just decided to follow the action through the mirrors. I could hear two voices, a man and a woman's. I could see that they were coming one both sides of the car. From the leg movement, I was sure the woman was on my right. As they walked towards my car I couldn't avoid but to think of an alien encounter. The dark and warm night, the steps on the gravel, the flashlights, the headlights, the shadows approaching in the mirrors and the absolute silence besides their steps and their car engine. I had killed mine's as I parked, "no need to get them nervous", I thought. "Say yes and I'm sorry, pay the ticket and go", that was my master plan for the forthcoming event. However, things not always come as easy and predictable. Especially with cops involved, I was forced to conclude later.

A deep voice of a man sounded over my window asking me if I knew why did they stop me. I had no time to answer, since more or less at the same time, the female cop peeked in through the right window probing the inside of the car and myself with a flashlight. "Do you transport anything that we should be concerned about?" she asked, in what I would consider a sexy voice under different circumstances, as she pointed the flashlight at my face. I frowned a bit, surprised by the sudden "attack" and replied that of course I didn't. The flashlight didn't allow me to see her face and I must confess that her tone and sudden intrusion left me a bit nervous. 

"You are not nervous, are you?" she asked, keeping the light beam on my face. "Why should I be?" I retorted. She ignored me and went on probing the car with her torch so I could see her face for the first time. I already knew she was tall and slim and then I got the first glimpse of her facial features that vaguely reminded me of Julia Robert's face - an angular face with beautiful features but holding a hard expression. The main difference from the Hollywood hottie was that this cop's hair was blond, apparently long since she had it tied behind her head in a kind of a French roll. She kept on probing my car's interior as I was letting myself getting entranced with her beauty. 

However, I was soon awaked from my reverie as the male cop, still standing outside my left door, insisted on his almost forgotten question: "You know why we stopped you?" he repeated. A bit startled by the sudden intrusion of his deep voice, I looked over and decided to play along and avoid mishaps, so I just said that I may have had been driving a bit too fast. I was starting to explain why I had done it when the female cop spoke again. "What do you hide in here?" she asked pointing her torch towards my glove compartment. I couldn't but notice a certain nasty intonation on the word "hide" which left me a bit concerned, but since I had nothing to hide I tried to relax. As I looked over to reply she pointed again the torch at my face, which left me quite uncomfortable as you may imagine. At that point, my mood was gradually swinging from "play it along Sam" into irritation but I tried my best to avoid letting it to be noticed since I had nothing to hide and was still hoping to resume my ride home soon and indulge in my eagerly awaited surf session. So, I quietly replied that she could only find junk inside which was the absolute truth as I used that compartment to store away everything I didn't want flying around in the car and usually I would forget it all in. 

"Can I open it?", she asked. "Sure", I said and, as she fumbled with the button to get it open, the male cop resumed his conversation drawing my attention. I should say that I hadn't seen his face also due to all the lights around and the fact that he was quite tall and never peeked in. The only way to try to get a look on his face would be to stick my head out which I wasn't willing to do. He had a strong and well-balanced tone like if he could have been a radio DJ. Despite the gentleness of his voice there was something in it that discouraged me from provoking anything that might make him angry. He started lecturing me on speed limits when I suddenly heard a heavy thud on the car floor to my right. I was looking at a gun! Needless to say, all hell broke loose. I couldn't even say a word. In a rapid succession of events the female cop, quickly grabbed it and pulled it out as she shouted "gun!" which made the "radio DJ" actually go angry and point his own gun at me forcing me out of the car. I was stunned and speechless since I had never had a gun in my life and suddenly there I was being treated as a public menace.

As I got out of the car still updating my brain files for the unexpected situation, the female cop materialized behind me forcing me onto a hard landing on the on the gravel floor face down making me literally bite the dust. She then kicked my legs ordering me to spread them and jumped suit on my back cuffing both my hands behind my back. After, she bent closer to my ears and said: "Only junk hun, pretty boy?"

Despite the stressful situation, maybe because my senses were at full steam, I couldn't help but to notice her body scent, a flowery womanly scent that I would certainly cherish in a different situation. And there I was, pinned to the ground with her knee firmly set against my back, dirt on my mouth, and my hands cuffed. She wasn't heavy, but strong and fit. As if she had done her internship in a rodeo, I was tied up and ready to roll in no time. She lifted herself from my back as the male cop, still holding his gun tight at me, ordered me to stand up and lean against he car, which I followed swiftly since the situation was already weird enough with that damned gun showing up out of nowhere... 

"What the hell was it doing in there?" I kept thinking to no avail. My head was in a complete blank; I had no idea how the hell that piece of shit had made its way into my glove compartment. I didn't even like guns...

Already leaning against the car, my thoughts were suddenly interrupted by the thorough search being performed by the male cop. However, to my surprise, even if I hadn't been searched like that before I felt that he was feeling me more than actually searching, as he was taking maybe a bit too long when he touched the inner side of my thighs. Since my job allowed for it, I did not use any kind of formal wear and, on that day I had some loose linen pants on, a T-shirt and nothing else. Thus, I could feel very well his hands and I am sure I felt his fingers rubbing my balls which sent an electrical shock through me even if I wouldn't want to admit it since I was as straight as they came and never fancied any intimate male contact. I also thought at the time that my loose wear made unnecessary any thorough search since it was pretty obvious there was nowhere I could conceal whatever they thought I could be hiding. They were both silent during the whole procedure and I dismissed swiftly any strange intentions taken it as common procedure, until I was suddenly pulled back by him and ordered to walk to their patrol car. 

As I turned, I looked straight for the first time to both cops and couldn't help to notice a kind of a grin on my female cop. Her nametag spelled Collins and she was actually stunning. About my height, 1.80m, slim, tight with a nice curved body. The cop uniform was not exactly a sexy female attire but was definitely unable to conceal her perfect shape and what I took to be a pair of round C cup breasts. The male cop had Richards for last name and was taller than both of us. Strong built, dark hair, tanned look and piercing green eyes. I could bet he had some Latino blood in him despite the Anglo-Saxon family name. I tried to talk on my behalf claiming that I had nothing to do with that gun but they just smirked and he pushed me forward as she said: 

"Yes, baby you are carrying an illegal caliber gun in your car and you have nothing to do with it...". I really resented that remark and tried to argue back to what she asked if I were implying that she had put it there in a tone that made me feel like it would be wiser to play it down for the time being. Obviously, I was hoping that it was all some kind of bizarre event soon to be cleared. We reached their car and she grabbed my head pushing me in like I had seen so many times in the movies, only this time it was I featuring the bad guy. For the first time in my life, I was being arrested and you can imagine the sort of multiple feelings that were crossing my mind at that moment. I was naturally hopeful to get out of that situation but one never knows what may roll in once we get ourselves entangled in the threads of law and justice...

Richards entered the car and seated at the wheel, protected by the fiberglass separator between my seat and the front seats.

"How about my car?" I asked concerned with the fact that it was still open with the keys in the ignition. After all the gun-induced commotion, I never thought of it again but at that point it dawned on me. "Don't worry with that. My partner will take care of it" that's all he said. He started the car and I saw her entering mine and drive on. Richards followed close. That was a surprise since I was expecting them to turn back towards the city but they marched on. I wasn't that far from home by then and I knew that there were no police stations around there. That road would lead only to my little village or out of the state. "Where are we going?" I asked. "There are no police stations over here", I complemented but got no reply back. My heart started pumping faster. I was familiar with adrenaline, and actually hooked on it, from the surf practice but this was different. At sea I still had some control but on that situation I had none. I was cuffed in the back of a police car heading I didn't know where following my own car driven by a sexy bitchy cop. After a few kilometers, I saw my car flashing right and she turned into a side forest dirt road that I knew would eventually lead to the shore but ending up on a cliff: a dead end. a place where practically nobody would go. Only a few fishermen, usually on weekends, that would manage to go down the cliffs to find some nice fishing spots among the rocks, rare couples watching the sunset, or a few weekend teen campers since the area was pretty much isolated. My village, the closest inhabited place around, was still some 20 miles down. But this was not sunset time, nor a weekend, nor I was on a camping trip with a couple of mates. I couldn't help myself: "Can you please tell me where are we heading, officer Richards?" I asked still trying to be polite. 

- "Shut up or things will turn out even worse for you. Don't make me gag you!" he replied in as harsh tone. My mind was in turmoil. I even thought that they might not even be cops at all but some pair of psychos, psychopaths or something like that. Things were looking really bleak at that point and I had no idea about what to do or say. I must confess that I was pretty scared. Not even the massive swell I had taken on the year before in Haleiwa had made me feel that scared. 

As I was trying to deal with my predicament I saw my car turn left in a sidetrack. It was a pretty rough terrain and the patrol car was bouncing quite a lot making me roll around the seat and bang my head quite a few times since there was no way I could hold myself. My car was a nice SUV and was used to those tracks and I thought stupidly that she must have been enjoying the ride. The lack of concern my driver showed with his patrol car actually reinforced my idea that this two were not cops at all. After a couple of miles, the roller coaster finally ended. I straighten myself up and could see my car parked in front and Collins, or whatever her name was, jumping out. She had killed the lights. Richards turned off the engine and killed the lights also which added to my apprehension. 

We were in some kind of clear amidst the forested area. The trees filtered the moonlight providing an eerie atmosphere to the whole scenario. My heart was pounding even faster now. Whatever was going to happen was approaching fast. He stepped out, walked back and opened my door. "Get out!" he ordered. I hesitated enough to have him grabbing me under my arms and pulling me out. I landed curled on the floor. "You are not so fast now, are you?" he said mocking me. I was almost in shock by trying my best to keep all senses at full alert. Still floored, I heard steps and Collins showed up playing with another pair of handcuffs. Like if she had read my mind before when I imagined her as a rodeo woman, she blurted out: "Let's get this hog secured in position" she said laughing as she helped me up. Somehow her laughter calmed me down a bit since I felt no hint of madness there like I imagined a psychopath's. But I was far from relaxed still. 

"What are you going to do with me? I asked again. "I already told you that it was not my gun and even if it was this is no way to deal with it!" I said despite the previous threat I got from her. But this time, instead of a cold reply, I just got a pat in the butt urging me to move and a "You will know soon enough, babe." That really left me looking for clues. "Get him in position while I look around" said Richards and left holding his flashlight peeking through the woods.

I figured that he was making sure that there was no one around which left me again preoccupied. She must have noticed my apprehension: "Don't worry Charles", she said using my name for the first time. I figured that after driving my car she had time to go through the documents I had in my wallet there. So I wasn't surprised for having her knowing my name, but I was surprised with the new attitude and especially with what she said next: "Maybe you'll even end up enjoying the ordeal", she said somehow amused in an almost friendly tone. I was dumbfounded. "Good cop, bad cop now?" I wondered. She grabbed my arm and led me back to my car. 

She told me to seat on the floor against the rear end of the car and I did just that I seating cross-legged for comfort. She then kneeled next to me and using the new pair of cuffs, she passed them through those I was wearing and secured me to the ring my SUV had on its rear made to pull other cars. As she was doing that, her flowery scent made its way up my nostrils again and I felt a twitch in my crotch. 

The fact is that I don't need much to get it up. Since I remember having my first hard-ons, I never had a problem with that. Actually, it could even be embarrassing at times. We say that our dicks have a mind of their own and mine was certainly a good example of that. So, despite my difficult circumstances, an electrical rush going through my body accompanied the twitch. I was scared but at the same time the whole situation had made me think that maybe these two were up to something else quite different from spilling my guts in the woods. Anyway, I took it as a very far-fetched thought dismissing it with my urgent need to feel reassured and safe.

After confirming that I was tightly secured, she stood up without a word, opened the trunk, went looked at me and blinked an eye, obviously amused with my dumb face. I should say that my SUV was quite long since I needed it like that to carry my surfboards. It had a large trunk that would turn even bigger if we reclined the back seat, which was exactly what she was doing. I couldn't get it. At all. 

When she finished lowering the seat she came back out and stood there, with her legs spread and her knuckles folded on her hips. We looked at each other for a while without a word. She was really gorgeous. The moonlight casted its soft light on her making her blond hair glow and highlighting her perfect facial features. As I said, she was almost the spitting image of Julia Roberts, but a blond Julia. And there it was: my downstairs neighbor got to full attention and was pressing hard against my light linen pants. After what seemed like an eternity, this staring game was interrupted by the sound of steps approaching from the front of the car. 

"John?", she asked. "Yeah! It's me. Is our hog in place?" As he was finishing the sentence he appeared and stopped to stare at me. "Secured but not prepared", she said. "Can't wait to get started" he said in his deep voice. "How about you, you asshole?" he asked me and I just stared at him blank faced. He laughed and positioned himself as a quartermaster in front of the platoon with his hands crossed behind his back. His face was stern. Collins was next to him still holding her knuckles on her hips sporting a mischievous grin. John Collins started his speech: 

"The way I see it, you are caught in a very difficult situation, ass hole." He made a dramatic silence. Collins kept her stare on me, which caused me split feelings. I had nothing to say anymore. What would be the use of it, anyway, with these two armed cops in total control and me hooked to the back of my car? So I just let him speak somehow eager to finally know what was going to happen next. The trees around casted a lot of shadows and despite the moon light, the vision wasn't too clear but I remember that I noticed that at the what looked like a bulge on his pants. However, I took that as an optical illusion. My prick was under control by then. Richards' appearance and intimidating presence had made sure of that. 

