 It started out to be a beautiful day. The sun was shining, and the gentle breeze made the early fall day pleasant and enjoyable. A perfect day to do almost anything out doors. So it was that nineteen year old Todd, along with his eighteen year old friend Mark decided to go for a long hike into the woods that butted up against the edge of the town that they lived in. Mark had lived there most of his life, while Todd had only been around for three years. The two were great friends, and had been out into the wilderness many times, digging around the hills, and streams, and valleys, exploring whatever they could find.

They stopped off at the local convenience store- which had once been a Quick Trip, but had since been turned into just a mom-and-pop sort of general store. Todd, tall and slim, was friends with the owners, and so they were a little relaxed in what they sold him on occasion. It was that type of town, where people were friendly, and many of them seemed to know one another. Todd and Mark entered, and walked around the place, trying to decide what to take with them, that they didn't already have.

Mark grabbed a pair of tall, plastic bottles of Coke. Todd, meanwhile, had collected some sandwiches, some beef jerky, and a bag of chips. They went to the counter, where Mark picked up two candy bars, and they slid all the stuff toward the clerk, who was a middle-aged man. He was actually the owner, and Todd greeted him.

"Hello Todd," the owner said, "and Mark. Back into the woods today?"

"Yep," Todd responded. "Probably still some place left that we haven't found yet."

"I heard it was gonna rain," the man said.

"That's all right, we always take along the ponchos, just in case," Mark added.

"Smart kids," the man said, and bagged the items. "Well, be careful out there, and head back if it gets too stormy."

"We will," Todd assured him, and the pair of boys exited the store. They stopped outside, only long enough to put their new purchases into their backpacks, and then headed out into the woods. As they neared the edge of town, and prepared to head into the trees, Mark looked back, and shrugged under the light blue sky and bright sun shine.

"Don't look like it's gonna rain to me," he said.

"Sure doesn't," Todd added, and then led them into the trees.

They walked along, at first walking through so much familiar territory. Landmarks were plentiful, with big stones, and trees with initials carved into them played out like a map. They had walked most of the woods south of the river, but had not been to the other side. It had not rained for weeks, and the water level was low. As they emerged from the trees and looked at the river, the thought occurred to each of them at the same time.

"Let's cross," Todd said out loud first.

"You bet," Mark added. "Haven't seen anything over there."

They walked down to the edge of the water, which was hardly moving, and looked down into it. Both were instantly drawn to the sight of a small fish as it zipped by, and the pair exchanged a quick glance, almost as if to acknowledge that the other had seen it. They then splashed into the shallow water, careful to watch their footing, as there were still sink holes. Soon enough, though, they had crossed over, and they were on the other side, looking back at where they had come from.

"Well, here we are," Mark said. "Uncharted territory."

"Come on," Todd said. "Let's chart it."

They set out into the woods, now excited by the premise that they were somewhere that most of the kids from their town had never been to. The river was never that low, and so now this was truly a pioneer expedition among their friends. The stories they could tell, the places they could talk about, all made their way into conversation as the pair continued through the thick brush. The trees towered above them, and Mark looked up at the ceiling of green. He looked back down at the sound of Todd's voice as it filled the air once again.

"You ever jack it?" Todd asked.

"Huh?"

"You know," Todd pressed. "You ever toss your own salad? Spank your monkey?"

"Oh, yeah," Mark acknowledged. "Sure. Why?"

"Just asking," Todd said. "Most guys don't admit to that. I do it."

"Yeah?" Mark asked, curious. "What do you do while your jacking off?"

"My dad has some porn videos, and a couple of magazines," Todd said. "Those are pretty good. How about you?"

"I've got one old magazine that I've had for a while," Mark admitted sorrowfully. "I'd love to replace it."

"Well, I was thinking," Todd said. "Maybe we could make an agreement."

"Like what?" Mark asked.

"Man, I don't really even want to say," Todd said. "It's hard to say, man."

"Come on, dude," Mark urged. "You can tell me. We're best buds, right?"

"Well, yeah," Todd said, "but this is kind of a strange agreement."

"Well, if it has to do with jacking off, then yes, it's strange," Mark said, "but hell, here we are talking about it, so spit it out."

"Okay then," Todd said. "How about if we jack each other off?"

Silence.

"See, I told you it was strange," Todd said. "Forget it, man, it's no big deal."

"Well, it's kind of a bomb, Todd," Mark said. "I'm not pissed or anything. Hang on a minute, and tell me a little more."

"What more?"

"Like, how you came up with that?" Mark said.

"Oh," Todd said. "Well, I was sitting around, and thinking that we never really get girls, man. Kind of depressing, and I know it will happen, but it gets hard waiting around, doesn't it?"

"I'll admit that freely," Mark remarked.

"So, I was just thinking that as long as we're stuck just sitting at home and jacking off, why not have someone help, or at least be there. Someone who understands," Todd explained.

"Okay," Mark said. "Sort of like a fall back, when the pussy just ain't there, right?"

"Right."

"Well," Mark said, "it does sound strange, I'll grant you. You know what though? It actually could be a good idea. I mean, who better to help out a friend, than a friend?"

"Exactly my thoughts," Todd added.

"Still, it will be weird, though. I mean, I've never had one in my hand that wasn't mine."

"Me either, but I'm willing to give it a try," Todd said. "We are on the other side of the river, and I doubt if anyone will be around."

"You mean here? Today?" Mark asked.

"Sure, why not?" Todd asked. "We could find some place where we're sure no one's around, and do each other a favor."

"Exploring uncharted territory," Mark joked.

"Let's chart it," Todd joked back.

They continued to walk along, talking about many things, including school and girls, and how it was supposed to storm, but the sky was still very blue. The trees swayed as the pair walked through a narrow track, examining a sharp incline ahead of them. They began to ascend it, making their way out of the low lands near the river. Both of them had heard that there were high, forested hills on the other side of the river, and that the woods were deep.

At the top of the track, the ground leveled off, and the pair stopped. Both stared ahead at the ground, which looked to be a path, leading further into the woods. There was a low rumble behind them, and Todd turned back. He looked into the blue sky, trying to see if any clouds had formed up, but couldn't see any. He turned back to the path.

"What the heck is this?" Todd asked.

"Looks like a path," Mark said. "But to what?"

"Should we find out?" Todd pressed.

"I'm game," Mark said.

Their journey along the path was more silent, as now their trip seemed more ominous. Soon, they found that the woods, though no different from the trees and shrubs on the other side, presented a very dark and sinister setting. Even worse, the sky had indeed begun to darken above them. Todd looked ahead, and froze. Mark was looking up at the sky.

"Man, it is going to storm," Mark said. He was still looking up, and didn't notice that Todd had stopped. He crashed into Todd, and they each took a step back from one another as the first drop of rain began to fall. Todd turned back toward the clearing ahead, and Mark's eyes followed Todd's.

"Look up there," Todd said. "Do you see something?"

"Yeah," Mark said. "It's like a... house..."

They exchanged a glance, and Todd smirked.

"Might be just what we need," Todd said as the rain began to intensify.

"No kidding, let's go!" Mark said, running toward the structure, that was barely visible through the trees. Todd gave chase, and soon, the pair was tearing through the underbrush toward the clearing. Soon, they stepped into the clearing, and pulled up short, looking at the structure.

It was a run-down, dark and weathered shack, with windows still in tact, and a door made of thick planks. There was a brick chimney protruding from the top of the shack. The rest of the clearing was becoming very overgrown, and appeared to have been undisturbed for a great deal of time. Todd and Mark stepped forward, then headed straight for the door, as the rain was falling harder.

Todd was the first one to the door, and out of common courtesy, he knocked on the planks, waiting for a response. Not getting one, he looked at Mark, and pushed on the door. It creaked terribly as it swung slowly open, to reveal a dark and dingy interior. The pair, without further waiting, stepped inside, and closed the door behind them. Todd, thinking about the ominous nature of the woods, and a bit spooked by the storm, he slid a bolt- the door's only lock- across.

"There, now the psychos in the woods can't come and get us," Todd joked. Mark laughed, and reached into his pack for something. A moment later, he got out a box of matches, and looked at the stone fireplace. Todd looked around the room, and shrugged. There was a table with a single chair, a broken old cot, and a trunk at the foot of it.

"What can we burn?" Mark asked.

"Well, the chair would be good," Todd said, "but it's the only chair."

"Well, we could be here a while," Mark said. "How about the cot?"

Todd looked at it. It was a wooden frame, with a single, old mattress on it, and one of the legs was broken, and laying next to the cot. He shrugged, and looked around the rest of the room. There really wasn't anything else. Todd went to the cot, and pulled the mattress from the top of it, allowing the padded bedding to fall to the floor. There were moth-eaten, old blankets on it, and a bit of dust clouded up when the mattress hit the floor. Todd coughed, and looked back down at the cot frame. Thunder boomed outside.

"This'll do," Todd said. "Help me smash it up."

They set to work, placing their soggy packs on the table, and then breaking up the cot frame, which was easier than they had thought it would be. Once it was into suitably-sized pieces, they carted the ample amount of wood over to the fireplace, and Mark approached with a ratty, old magazine. It was the old porn mag he had mentioned earlier, and he held it up for Todd, who smiled at the sight of it.

"Here, we'll need something to get the fire started," Mark said.

"Are you sure you wanna lose that?" Todd asked.

"Frankly, I'm getting kind of tired of the damn thing," Mark admitted. "But I suppose we could use just a few pages from it at first, and look through the rest of it."

"Okay," Todd said with a smile. "Remember, it's brand new to me."

Mark flipped open the magazine, and quickly tore out the first couple of pages, including the one with the table of contents. Mark began to roll them up as Todd arranged some of the wood in the fireplace. Mark placed the pages from the magazine under the wood, and got the box of matches. He struck one of the matches, and held it to the pages from the magazine. Instantly, the old paper flared, beginning to burn brightly in the dusty fireplace. The sound of the rain outside had grown, as the rain was now falling very heavy, and there came a sudden dripping sound.

"Oh well," Todd said. "Guess it's better than no shelter at all."

As the magazine pages burned, some of the wood began to catch. Both boys were happy at the sound of the first pop from the wood. Mark continued to watch the fire as the wood caught more, and the room began to brighten with the light from the fire. Todd had looked around, and on a shelf built into the wall behind where the cot had been, there was an old coffee pot. He took the pot from the shelf, and looked around the room, until he found the place where the water had begun to drip. But, just as he placed the pot under it, he heard the same dripping sound from elsewhere in the room. Mark laughed.

"No catching up today," he joked, and both of them laughed.

"Time to just sit back, and have a look at that magazine," Todd said. "Let the roof leak."

The pair sat close to the fire, and Mark opened the remains of the magazine to reveal some ads for phone sex, that depicted many beautiful women- unlikely phone operators. The pair studied the ads, and joked about people that would actually call in for that sort of thing. The magazine then went into reviews of the "latest" hot porn videos. There were some photos from the videos, and Todd began to feel the stirring in his pants as they saw the images of a blonde, feverishly sucking on a man's cock. Another photo showed a pair of women working on the same man's joint. Todd paused to put another piece of wood in the fire, just to brighten the place a bit more.

"Man, I'm getting hard as a rock!" Todd said. Mark shrugged.

"Not me," he said. "Seen these before."

"Sorry, man," Todd said. "If I'd have known you were bringing this, I would have brought one of my own."

They flipped further on, and came to a pictorial of two women. The pages passed, until they were nearing the end, and Todd stopped on a page filled with more ads. There was a small picture of a man, laying on his back, with his legs up high. Another man was in front of him, his cock ready to go in. Todd felt a peculiar curiosity as he looked at the picture, and then he looked up at Mark.

"So, what now?" he asked, turning toward a window as lightning lit up the sky, and thunder continued to crash outside. Mark looked out at the storm as well, and turned back in to Todd. He grinned.

"Suppose we could try out your idea," Mark said, his own arousal heightening. Todd nodded, and looked around the room. He motioned toward the mattress.

"How about on there?" Todd asked.

"Looks good, even if it is a little dusty," Mark said.

"We'll flip it over," Todd said. "It won't be so dusty on the side that faces down."

They went to the mattress, and Todd lifted it, flipping it over to the other side, where there was no dust at all. He sat on it, and patted it a couple times.

"Come on, sit down."

"I will," Mark said. He undid the button on his jeans, and then unzipped the fly, and sat on the mattress. "I can't believe how horny this is making me!"

Todd undid the front of his own pants, now even more horny than before. He was anxious to see Mark's cock. He'd fantasized about it before, but never seriously, and never enough to make himself this horny. He stared at the opening in front of Mark's pants, and waited as his friend drew closer. Todd, meanwhile, had his cock out of his pants, and it felt uncomfortable as it lie, wedged in his open fly.

"Hang on a second," Todd said. He lifted his ass off the mattress, and slid his pants down, and then reached down, untying the first of his boots. He then untied the other boot, and kicked both of them off. He finished sliding his jeans and underwear off, and breathed a sigh of relief.

"Better?" Mark asked.

"Much," Todd said. "My cock is like steel, man!"

"Here, let me feel it," Mark said, and drew closer, eager to try the new feeling. He sat on the mattress, and hesitantly reached out. The journey his hand took, seemed to go on forever, until at last, his hand rested upon Todd's cock, prompting a sigh of pleasure. Mark's fingers slid along the rigid shaft, and Todd smiled with satisfaction. Mark gripped the thing, and stroked it once or twice, then let his hand slide down to the wrinkled sack below.

"Get yours out, Mark," Todd breathed. "I want to feel yours too."

Mark did as ordered, and reached down to untie his own boots. After they were off, he quickly slid out of his jeans and underwear, revealing his lean form, and erect cock. Todd reached over, his right hand securely gripping the cock. He stroked up and down a few times, and Mark closed his eyes. His own fingers were sliding along the length of Todd's manhood.

"I can't believe we're actually doing this," Mark said.

"Me either, but we are," Todd said. He continued to stroke the cock, taking a moment to fondle Mark's balls. He opened his eyes, his new passion now consuming him as he stroked the man meat. He gazed at it as it throbbed in his fingers. Mark was still stroking him, but let his head fall back, enjoying the feel of the hand job.

"Man, that feels great," Mark said. "Don't stop."

"Maybe it could be better," Todd said.

"Hmmm?" Mark said, looking up.

"Can I suck it?" Todd asked. Mark grinned, and thought a moment.

"Yeah, sure," he said. "Go ahead."

Todd leaned over, bringing his face closer to the cock as he continued to stroke it. He let his tongue fall out of his mouth, and graze the head of it. Mark immediately sucked in a breath, loving the feel of that. Todd let his tongue flick at the head again, and he got a taste of Mark's pre-cum, and was surprised that it wasn't as bad as he thought it might be. He circled the entire head with his wet tongue, and then began sliding his tongue along the length of the shaft, much to Mark's delight.

He continued to stroke as his tongue made its way along the shaft several times, and then down to the balls, bathing them in his spit before he moved back up to the head. Bravely, he then took in as much of the cock as he could, and began to move his head rhythmically up and down. HE WAS SUCKING A COCK! It was an astounding thought to him, and he could hardly believe he was doing it, but it was in his mouth, and he was working it good. His hand began to fondle Mark's balls, which prompted a delighted moan from him.

"Man, don't stop," he said. "You're gonna make me cum!"

Todd kept sucking.

"You don't want me to cum in your mouth, do you?" Mark asked.

Todd came up off the cock only a moment. "Not this time, but I do want to taste it, so I know what it tastes like."

He went back to work on the cock, bobbing his head up and down faster this time, and using one hand to stroke the cock while the other fondled Mark's balls. Mark began to breath harder, and Todd felt his friend's cock swelling in his mouth. Mark then began to tap on Todd's shoulders, and Todd came up off the cock, continuing to jack it fast.

Mark threw his head back as his cum began to blast from the head of his dick in streaming, white, globs. The first shot flew high into the air, and neither of them was sure where that one landed. The huge load subsided, with the last few streams glazing part of Todd's hand as Mark chuckled with delight, laying back on the mattress with satisfaction. Todd held the hand up and looked at the glistening cum as it stayed on his hand. Mark lifted himself up, and looked at his own cum on Todd's hand.

"Are you gonna taste it?" Mark asked. "Really?"

Todd said nothing, but looked at Mark, and then at his hand. He brought his hand to his face, and let his tongue reach out to his hand. His tongue dragged a short path through the layer of jizz on his hand, and he took in the taste of it. It was salty, and a bit bitter, matching the way it smelled all those times he'd jacked off. Still, it wasn't that bad, and as he swallowed it down, and took a little more with his tongue, he shrugged.

"Not that bad," Todd said. Mark smiled, and watched as Todd's tongue returned for a third taste. Todd then wiped his hand off on the mattress, and reached down for his own cock.
