 BEDDING CODY

Cody turned out to be the best college roommate I could ever hope for. He was a handsome 20 year old who was 5'6" and weighed a trim 150 pounds. Cody was fit from all his years as a figure skater and as a result he had one of the finest asses I had ever been around. He had light brown hair that he kept neat and trim and he had light brown eyes to match. His body was virtually hairless and his skin was flawless. Cody was well tanned all over except for his curvy ass which was lily white. 

Myself, I was 6'2" and weighed 190 pounds. I too had light brown hair but with hazel eyes that the girls loved. I had been a high school athlete but in college I worked out at the gym and played intramural sports to stay fit. I was not dating anyone special at college but more of playing the field and enjoying a variety of girls. Cody and I were in our third year of college but it was our first year rooming together.

He often displayed himself to me in the privacy of our dorm room but I never thought anything about it as I was often naked too. I liked looking at his superfine ass but I never thought about having sex with him, mainly because it would be awkward as roommates. Even though Italian pussy was plentiful, I had fucked a couple of cute Italian guys when I was studying in Italy last summer. No one knew about my bi-sexual encounters overseas and once I was home I focused on the ladies again.

One day I returned to the dorm room after playing tennis on a Saturday morning. I surprised Cody who was reading something that caused him to have an erection. I noticed that his cock was hard and he saw my eyes glance at it. He was certainly average in the cock department and I guessed him to be right around 6 inches with normal girth. 

"Sorry about this," he said as he grabbed his erection, "I was thinking of something and I started to jerk off."

I couldn't believe how frank he was about his situation. Cody turned his back to me to hide his boner. I observed him as he shifted his weight to one side and flipped his hand up as he replied. His body language was definitely feminine. I was surprised that his cock was still erect and I attributed that to his youthful horniness.

"Hey you want a beer?"

"Sure, a beer sounds good but do me a favor and put some shorts on," I replied.

Cody laughed and said, "Oh sorry about that."

Cody put on a pair of tight fitting nylon shorts that showed off every curve of his ass. The outline of his erect cock was still visible in his shorts. He actually looked sexier with the shorts on and I wasn't sure it was an improvement over his nakedness. I felt my cock stir as I wondered if he was gay and took it in the ass. Then I scolded myself for thinking about my roommate that way. I sat in my chair as Cody got me a beer out of his cooler. Cody moved like a girl and his body language clearly sent the message that he was gay. He set my beer on my desk and I watched his curvy ass as he moved over to his bed. Cody and I chatted while we downed the beers. He then got us another one and once again I watched his curvy body move gracefully. We talked about college, business, politics and other topics before Cody turned the conversation toward sex.

"Tony do you consider yourself straight or bi?" he asked.

"That's a hell of a question. Why do you ask me that?" I replied a little shocked.

"Well I know that you are fucking girls on campus but I also noticed the way you watch my ass," he answered and then asked, "Have you ever had sex with a guy before?"

"Yes but it was when I was studying in Italy last year. I met this young Italian guy and he sucked my cock," I admitted.

"Did you fuck him too?" Cody pressed.

I decided to be honest, "Yes I did."

"Did you like it? Did you like fucking him?" Cody asked excitedly.

I could see his cock was still hard in his shorts when I answered him, "Actually I did Cody. He gave great head and I liked fucking him in his shapely cute ass," I replied firmly almost sounding annoyed at his persistence.

"I'm guess that you have fucked girls in the ass and have gotten blow jobs from them. Do you notice any real difference between a guy's mouth and a girl's mouth or a guy's asshole and a girl's asshole?" he continued.

"You know Cody based on my experience I would have to say no. Once you get passed the taboo that it's a guy and it is bi-sex, I have to say there is no difference," I agreed.

"I hoped you would say that," he said with a smile and then asked, "Would you like to fuck me? I know that you like my ass."

In a way I wasn't surprised by the question and I thought why not. I didn't have a date that weekend and I was horny as hell. However I decided to play it cool.

"I don't know Cody. Your offer is tempting but I am dating several girls," I replied.

"No one has to know and no one will know unless you tell them. We can be discreet. I have always thought that you were hot and I often thought about you fucking your girlfriends. I wished your cock was sliding into my hole rather than some cunts and I would jerk off thinking about it," Cody said excitedly.

"I have to tell you Cody before we go do anything that I am not into cock," I said firmly.

"I didn't think you were and that's fine with me," he said and I noticed his voice crack this time.

From there we stripped naked and locked the dorm room door. We were both hard and our cocks bobbed in front of us. I got in my bed and lay on my back. Cody got in and lay beside me. He reached down and cupped my bloated balls. As he massaged my balls I felt like my entire body was on fire. His hand moved up and began to stroke me and I could feel the pre-cum he had created spread itself down my shaft. His finger grazed my dick-hole and the contact with my soft sensitive skin made me shudder. His one hand cupped my balls as his other seized my shaft and began to slide up and down stroking and squeezing it.

I felt Cody re-position himself on my bed and then I felt his tongue begin to lap at my throbbing rod. His arms reached behind my legs and pulled me towards him while his tongue slid down to my rigid cock tasting me and sucking me. He took my balls in his mouth and pulled at them with his lips as my dick stiffened with my lustful pleasure. He sucked both balls into his mouth and his tongue danced across them in his warm mouth. I let out a low moan as his hands reached around under me to massage and squeeze my ass cheeks with his delicate hands. I felt that I could cum at any moment. 

I whispered to him, "Cody I'm so close."

He pulled his mouth off of me and looked me in the eyes as he said, "Tony, cum in my mouth I want to taste you."

Cody then seized my 7+" dick and engulfed me in his mouth. My swollen cock collided with the roof of his mouth as he swirled his tongue around it. He sucked me hard causing me to arch my hips and then his head bobbed up and down my shaft. I felt the familiar signs of an incredible orgasm building within me. His lips were twisting around the shaft of my cock and he plunged his mouth to the base of my cock then he re-chambered and plunged again. All of a sudden he stopped and used his tongue to stroke the underside of my cock head driving me crazy.

I was beside myself as I needed to cum. I began bucking against him in an effort to get myself off but Cody wouldn't move tantalizing me with his inaction. Frustrated I stopped bucking and laid there giving up on what I expected to be a great orgasm. Cody had me exactly where he wanted me and then he suddenly cupped my balls as his lips surrounded my cock and he sucked me toward him. I felt my cum building inside of me and I exploded into his mouth. I groaned in immense pleasure as streams of hot cum landed against the roof of his mouth and the back of his throat. I felt his throat muscles contract as he drank it down and searched for more. I came as much as I ever had in my life. Cody's mouth never left me as he continued to suck on my cock. Finally I couldn't cum anymore and I collapsed down into the bed as my body tingled from head to toe.

As I lay there I was lost for words as I still felt the overwhelming pleasure of male sex. I watched as Cody lay next to me and stroked his impressive cock. I saw Cody stiffen and then I watched in amazement as ropes and ropes of cum shot out of his cock and covered his body from his neck to his abs. I never knew that anyone could cum that much. I got turned on just watching Cody shoot his load and my dick was hard again. My state of desire did not escape Cody and he spoke to me. 

"Tony I would love for you to fuck me. Would you like to fuck me?" Cody said in more of a request than a question. "I want to feel your cock in my ass. I want you to fuck me," he said again.

"Yes, I want to fuck you." I admitted.

Cody rolled over on all fours and handed me a tube of lubricant. "Take your time and prepare me for your cock and then fuck me in the ass like you would fuck one of your girls in the ass," he said.

I knelt behind Cody and I begin to caress his beautiful ass his body was delicate, hairless and flawless. I couldn't believe how much Cody looked like a girl from behind with his shapely curvy ass in the air. I put an ample amount of lotion in my hands and rubbed it all around Cody's bung hole. Then I inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing him for my cock.

I was no stranger to preparing assholes for my cock but this was the only the second time I was preparing a man's bottom. However as I sawed my fingers in and out of his anus I was getting turned on by the thought of burying my cock in his shapely ass. I moved closer to Cody and lined up the head of my cock with his anal opening and began to ease it into to him. 

I spat on my hand and rubbed my saliva all over my cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. My cock head cleared his sphincter and it slid right in without resistance. His ass chute was warm and tight as I went deep into him. I was all the way in Cody's ass and I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round ass. 

Cody asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. My balls started bouncing off of his balls and Cody was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot my seed in his ass. I tried to make it last as long as possible but once Cody started to contract his anal muscles I lost it.

I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing. As I continued to fuck him, my semen backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out flowing over his balls. Cody used his talented sphincter muscle to milk my cock and drain it of all my seed. I didn't think that I would ever be soft again as I remained hard in his tight sheath. Cody's milking action weakened me and I collapsed on top of his body.

Cody flattened out on the bed with me on top and my cock still in his ass. I rolled off of him and my hard cock slipped from his ass. Cody rolled to his back and spread his legs lifting his knees to his chest.

"Fuck me again," he asked.

I moved between his legs much like I would with a girl and lined up my still erect cock with his asshole. Cody was also as hard as a rock and his beautiful young cock pointed toward his head. I pressed slightly forward and my cock moved into his hot ass. His ass actually pulled me inside and my cock went all the way in him and my balls rested on his ass. It was the first time that I ever fucked a guy in the missionary position. I always prefer the doggy position so that I can watch my cock slide in and out between the shapely buttocks.

"God, that feels so good, screw me, fuck me," Cody cried out.

His ass was in the air and my cock was fully embedded in it. I pulled back a little and pushed forward. He groaned as I began to slowly fuck him. Each time I would start taking longer strokes. My cock head was soon at the edge of his asshole before I pushed it back into him. Our fucking was making a sucking sound. Each time my balls slammed against his ass, my body and his ass made a wet slapping sound. 

I was so fucking hot that I crammed my cock fully into him. He held my cock and he massaged it with his sphincter; I knew I was not going to last very long. Cody humped up against me fucking me back as I fucked him. The room smelled of sex and sweat. 

"I want to cum just from you fucking me," he said. 

I took slow long strokes in and out of his ass as Cody pushed up into me more and more. Soon he took control and just fucked my cock. I let him fuck me with his ass. His actions began more erratic and his thrusts shorter and more powerful. Cody was grunting as my cock slid in and out of his hot ass. Soon my cock was barely staying in his ass. Then Cody slowed down and let my cock just press against his prostate. He announced that he was cumming and he pulled me down to him and hugged me. I felt his cum shoot between our bodies covering our chests and our abs and then oozing out around our pubes. This set me off and I began to pound my cock in and out of his hole. I slammed my cock into his loose wet hole and I felt my balls tighten. I pressed deep into him and my seed filled his ass.

"Yes cum in my ass again. Oh I feel it I feel your hot spunk," he groaned.

I pulled, pushed and cum spurted into him making his hole wetter and warmer as my cock easily slid in. I continued fucking him until my legs were weak and my spunk had stopped flowing. My cock slipped from his ass as we cuddled and Cody stroked my exhausted body. It was the first time that I had ever felt cum other than my own on my body.

"I loved fucking you. I loved your ass," I whispered.

"This is just the start of a great relationship," Cody answered.

I checked the time and it was 12:30 PM. It seemed as if it should be much later. Both of us showered, dressed and went to the cafeteria for lunch. After lunch we returned to the dorm room and had another beer. We were both horny but still fairly drained from the earlier activities. Cody wanted me to fuck him again and I told him that I preferred doggy style. He got on all fours on the bed and tossed me the tube of lubricant. He wiggled his curvy ass in anticipation of my fingers. I got the lube out and poured an ample amount in his asshole. I took my time fingering Cody's ass until he pleaded with me to stop teasing him and fuck him.

I knelt behind Cody and lined my cock up with his asshole and pressed forward pushing my cock head past his sphincter. Cody groaned as my large cock opened up his back door. He reached back and placed a hand on my thigh in an effort to slow the penetration. I took my time and worked my cock in slowly inch by inch until it was buried in Cody's asshole. As I fucked Cody from behind, he really looked like a girl with my cock in his ass. I could not see Cody's testicles or his cock as I fucked him as he turned his face to the side. Cody had a wry smile on his face.

Cody told me to fuck his ass and then he stiffened as he came and shot his wad on the bed sheet. I felt Cody's asshole contract around my cock as he shot his spunk and I picked up the pace and pounded his ass. I felt my own orgasm build up in my balls and then I felt my semen travel through my scrotum. I pressed into Cody's ass and emptied my balls deep in his rectum. The semen shot into Cody's rectum and gathered around my cock buried deep in his ass.

"Oh I feel it, cum in me, I feel you cumming in me!" Cody screamed and then added, "I love it shoot it in me."

Cody clenched my cock with his sphincter and then released it several times as he milked every drop of cum from my cock. I stayed hard and continued to fuck Cody's ass as my semen backed out of his asshole and trickled down over his perineum. I noticed that Cody was still hard even though he had just cum. I continued to move slowly in his ass.

"Are you going to keep fucking me?" Cody asked.

"If you want me to," I replied.

"Oh yes please keep fucking me. Fuck me again and cum in me again," he pleaded.

I continued to fuck Cody's ass but I could not cum again and I finally collapsed on him exhausted. I pushed forward and Cody collapsed on the bed under my weight. I lay prone on top of him as my cock softened, deflated and slipped from his ass. Cody was pressed into his own semen on the bed under him until I lifted myself off of his sensuous body. Cody rolled over on his back and looked at me and smiled. 

"Stay in my bed for awhile," he whispered.

I lay down on the bed next to Cody as he lay in his own semen and my spunk continued to trickle out of his asshole. We eventually fell asleep without our bodies touching. Sometime in the early morning hours I awoke with an erection. I rolled over to Cody who was still sleeping on his side and I eased my cock into his receptive ass. I slowly and methodically fucked Cody without cumming again until I fell asleep with my cock still imbedded his ass. 

SUNDAY AND BEYOND

Sunday morning we slept in and then we showered and dressed without having sex. We decided to go out for breakfast at the espresso shop. Cody and I had a light breakfast and a couple of espressos as we spent the morning together. Cody wanted to hear about my experience in Italy. I told how I happened to meet the cute Italian guy while studying and we hit it off. I had never expected to have sex with him but it was so easy. I told Cody that he looked just like a girl when I fucked him on all fours. His skin was smooth and flawless and he had a lovely ass. 

"Like me?" Cody asked.

"Yes like you except he was tan all over but I like your lily white ass better. I like the contrast against your tan skin," I admitted.

Cody looked around to be sure no one was watching and then he stroked the outline of his cock in his pants. He was obviously in a renewed state of desire. He removed his hand quickly so as not to be detected but his message had been clear. I laughed at his gesture and then teasingly ran my hand over my own crotch.

"Tony let's get back to the dorm I want to have some more time with you," Cody whispered.

We paid the check and headed back to the dorm room. Cody rubbed his cock through his pants all the way home. His youthful endurance was something else. We entered our room and Cody immediately stripped and jumped on the bed. "Hurry and get your clothes off. I have missed already your big cock," Cody said excitedly.

I took my clothes off at a normal pace and by the time I dropped my under shorts my cock was rock hard. I walked over to Cody and he sat on the side of the bed and pulled me in toward him. Cody reached up with his hands resting on my thighs he caressed my muscles causing my cock to bob about in front of him. He slid one hand across my belly wrapping his soft fingers around my shaft and pressed my cock up against my belly. And then, at last, I felt his mouth on my cock. 

He caressed me with his tongue, moving from deep underneath my balls to the very tip of my cock in one lingering sweep. We both moaned as his tongue swirled around my swollen cock head, his hands caressing my shaft and balls. His fingers probed between my legs.

I moved as he looked up at me, easing my legs apart as he cradled my balls in one hand, my cock in the other. His fingers reached down to rub the hard taut skin between my balls and my ass. I moaned as I felt the hunger in his movements and I watched his tongue move across my cock. The air cooled the wet spots he left behind on my pubes. With a moan, Cody let my cock fall away from my body so that it was swaying in front of me again. It stood straight out from my body. He glanced up at me and then back at my cock before taking me deep into his mouth.

My legs felt like jelly as I felt his hot wet mouth around my cock. He sucked me hard and drew me in deep. His tongue lashed across my cock head and I felt his teeth gently slide down my shaft. My cock jerked in his mouth as he sucked hard. My cock bulged in his mouth as I thrust forward and began to fuck his mouth. I reached for Cody's head, feeling his silky hair as I plunged my cock into his mouth. His sucking matched my thrusts.
