 Early morning last summer, I decided to be proactive and go for a run along the cycling/running track along the beach near where I worked. Arrived at the beach carpark early at around 5am with the sun beginning to rise over the water. 

I was pretty much the only person around as I set off to punch out a few kilometres before I had to get to work for the day. It was already quite hot so I left my singlet top in the car and ran only in my running shorts. I pushed myself quite hard and was soon back at my car covered in sweat and gasping for air.

Although my work had shower facilities I was right next to the beach shower/changing block so decided to head in there to save time. I walked into the change area, a large open area with a bench seat running all around and 3 showers along one wall. 

I set my clothes down opposite the showers so I could keep my eye on it, even though I was the only one in there It was better to be safe than sorry. I took off my shoes and slowly peeled off my running shorts, letting the fresh air blow across every inch of my sweating 6ft tanned body that was in very nice shape at this time of year.

I stepped under the shower and let the cool water soothe my aching muscles after such a vigorous workout. Suddenly I heard someone entering the change rooms. A man, about 35 and slightly taller than me in VERY good shape walked in. He paused momentarily as he passed the showers and I noticed he snuck a quick peek down to my soft 6" uncut piece of meat with trimmed hair and smooth ballsack. He the disappeared around the corner out of my view as I felt some blood begin to rush to my manhood.

I was feeling brave as I turned off the water, the man was sitting in the change area to the left of my belongings so instead of wrapping my towel around my waist I simply threw it over my shoulder and walked across to my stuff letting my now semi-hard cock bounce around freely. I could sense his eyes on my ass I faced away from him giving him full view of my tight butt. I began to dry my body, bending at the waist to expose my perfect hole and at times my sagging balls hanging perfectly between my legs. I was now fully erect and decided to turn and give my handsome stranger the full show.

As I turned to face him, he was already sitting completely naked and slowly stroking THE most delicious, perfect 7" juicy cut cock I had ever seen in my life!! Without a word I walked over and dropped to my knees in front of him. I grasped the bottom of his shaft and ran my tongue from the base of his cock right up to the tip. He let out a soft groan as his man meat entered my willing, wet mouth. I slowly began to work my mouth up and down on this magnificent member as my spare hand played with his balls. I nearly gagged as I took his full length in my mouth and I took a break to lick and suck on his balls. He lifted his hips to allow my fingers to gently put pressure on his asshole and he let another small groan out as I slipped my index finger into his man pussy. I took him in my mouth again as his hand reached down and began to stroked my now rock hard cock.

I could feel his throbbing cock pulsating in my mouth as I began to suck harder, I wanted his cum in my mouth. His breathing got heavier and he moan as he could not hold on anymore and filled my mouth with streams of hot, thick cum. I eagerly lapped up all of his goodness as I blew my hot load over the ground. I carefully sucked until I had gather every last drop of cum and swallowed it all. I got up and gave him a smile then went back and continued to get changed. As I finished getting dressed and turned to go, he slipped my a piece of paper with an address and a time....he gave me a wicked grin and left, this wasn't to be a one off encounter after all!