 Edited by: D6KTA

*

Rei had long since become use to people looking at him and seeing a young girl instead of the young effeminate man he actually was. Standing at just a little over 5ft, he was shorter than most of boy his age. Rei's platinum, almost white hair was short around the base of his neck, yet long around his face. Sometimes this meant it would fall to cover his right eye. His eighteenth birthday had come and gone with no big fan fair. He knew this would happen, yet he refused to let on how much it bothered him that this once celebrated event, was no more than an ordinary day now. His father was distant, usually away for work and what he suspected was a mistress. His mother, she wasn't someone that anybody liked to be around. When she wasn't drinking or smoking, she was yelling and throwing things. Often, instead of being at home, Rei would find himself wandering the streets of the city he called home. He loved the city at night, the neon lights and the busy streets, even at two in the morning , it calmed him in ways that being home just never seemed to. The night air was cold this particular evening, and though the cold caused him pain, he continued to walk on. A long-sleeved shirt was all that protected him from the cold, his thin pajama pants resting over his wide feminine hips lacked the ability to keep him warm against the onslaught of the icy breeze. His mother had been in a rage of moods. He had been ready to climb into bed when he heard the first crash. His mother spontaneously started throwing the dishes that she had been cleaning when he'd left the room. She screamed obscenities and Rei knew that his father had called to let her know that he again wouldn't be returning home that night. As Rei walked into the kitchen, a plate came sailing by his head, shattering against the wall. A small piece had cut against his bare shoulder, unprotected by his tank top. Rei paid it no mind, in fact he welcomed the slight sting.

"That man! Who the fuck does he think he is? Some fucking big shot, calling and telling me that he won't be home to care for his family?" His mother's voice rang out, and he knew that the neighbors could hear it through the paper-thin walls of their apartment.

Rei let out a soft sigh, and it was that which drew his mother's attention away from her destruction and onto him. Her eyes burned with rage, and Rei knew that this tantrum of hers wouldn't end anytime soon. She was across the kitchen in the blink of an eye, her hand drawing to strike as she walked. A loud crack and the burn announced the presence of her strike. Rei had become use to the hits and no longer fell. His black nails, however, dug into his palm to stop his eyes from watering. When she acted this way, Rei knew showing any sign of emotion only made matters worse. So even as his body screamed to protect himself or to cry out in pain, his arms remained at his sides and his eyes dry.

"The fuck are you looking at, you little prick? It's because of your ass that I have to stay in this hell hole. I should have gotten rid of you the moment you were born. You're the reason your father is always gone. Fucking girly ass little boy. He wanted a real son, yet he got you."

Lower lip trembling, these were words he had heard too many times to count. His mother sneered, continuing to glare at him as if she were ready to pounce on his every weakness. When he didn't cower away, nor say anything in his own defense, she soon became bored with him. She left mumbling obscenities under her breath, grabbing her bottle of vodka on her way out. Rei looked around the disaster of a kitchen, seeing the broken glass and stained walls. He went over to the trash can and pulled it to the biggest mess, quietly starting to put the room back into order. It took an hour or so to clean the kitchen, his finger receiving a cut when his mind had wandered. He passed by the living room on his way to get a band-aide. His mother had retired there, sprawled on the couch drunk, staring mindlessly at the TV. Her eyes caught the movement of Rei passing by and her dormant rage reignited like gasoline at it's flashpoint. Rei had never felt so much fear in his life.

She bellowed like the fiery winds of hell as she came at him the second time that evening, this time brandishing her vodka bottle, swinging like a bat. She swung at his head, Rei's short height being his only saving grace. He ducked and took off down the hallway. Instinctively his target became the front door, destined for the only salvation he knew. He grabbed his thin sweater off the hook and the boots that remained by the front door and fled, his mother still cursing behind him well after the door slammed shut.

That has been several hours ago. He could still feel his split lip burn and the bruise pulse across his jaw from her backhand. He walked the streets, his phone and wallet back in his room next to his bed. He knew chances were that his mother had long since passed out, but he continued to walk the streets of downtown. Wanting to prolong his time in the makeshift nirvana of his, any excuse he could conjure was enough to delay his departure from it.

His tears had long since dried on his cheeks. The cold winter air no longer touching his numb body through his flannel pajama pants and the thin sweater, his toes numb in his boots.

He had walked the main street of downtown back and forth, only stopping when he came in front of the toy store. The lights were off given the late hour but Rei could still see the front display. Around a little tree, all sorts of toys gathered. It was the sight of the perfect holiday. A small smile appeared across Rei's lips as he watched a few of the dolls exchange gifts with each other. His eyes traveled, landing on the wise bear who held a story "The Night Before Christmas" in his furry little paws. Rei's eyes always seemed to travel all around the display no matter how many times he had seen it. He loved the little toys and the pure happiness they showed on their little faces. His hand came up to press against the glass, coming to rest on his favorite of them all. The little stuffed animal was a snow white fox, posed as if it curled on its side. He could tell just looking at the animal, that its fur was soft and fluffy. He imaged it was warm to cuddle. A small sigh came past his lips. He mocked his longing. Maybe he was a sissy like his mother claimed. He was a male, yet longed for a toy almost to the point of pain. He turned away from the display as his thoughts sank further, the dark parts of his mind clouding around him.

Lost in his own mind, he hadn't caught onto the group that followed him, staying hidden. The silent stalkers, maybe a few years older than Rei, watched him. To them, as he did to most others, he appeared to be a young woman, walking the streets alone at night. He was the perfect target. A duo, one of the larger men and one of the smaller men broke off from the foursome. Walking with their heads down as to not draw his attention, they quickly passed Rei and turned down an alleyway. The other two drew closer to the small male. The group had coordinated their attack over many victims and now acted autonomously. As Rei approached the alleyway, the other two men picked up their pace, almost running, honing in on their prey. One slammed into his back, using his biased weight as an advantage to force Rei to turn. Rei stumbled and felt as a second hand pushed him into the alleyway. The darkness of the alleyway surrounded Rei almost instantly, hiding his presence to any who might look his way. Unaware of his precarious situation, he sat back, shaking his head when he saw blood welling to the surface of his knee through the torn bottoms. As cold as he was, he barely felt it, yet when he stood, his weight sent stabbing needles along his leg. He turned to leave the alleyway, not seeing the other large man approaching him from behind. The large meaty hand of his unknown assailant covered his mouth as he screamed out, Rei's cries for help becoming silenced. The other arm picked Rei up around his waist and and dragged him to open sliding door of the awaiting van. Rei fought, but his small stature was nothing compared to the large man. Tears streamed down Rei's face, his screams only small whimpers as he watched the vibrant almost cheerful lights of the main street grow smaller. The large man climbed into the van, and quickly slammed the door. The first two who had pushed Rei into the alleyway weren't to be seen, having already started making their way to the usual hide away. The smallest man of the group pressed the gas, the tires squealing on the salted back alley.

Rei's heart pounded, his whole body shaking as he was held captive in the back of the van. The dark taking away his ability to see. He heard chuckling coming from the front seat.

"Damn, that was almost too easy, Hoss."

"You see how small the little bitch is. She is going to be fun playing with." The large man laughed at his own words, the sinister sound echoing around Rei due to the tight space and his closeness to the male. Rei gave off a small whimper, new tears coming to his eyes as he wriggled. He would throw himself out of the van if that meant escaping these men. Hoss's grip only tightened.

"Sit still bitch, unless you want to start the fun early." Hoss fumbled around in his pocket. Even in the dark, the gleam of silver showed from the knife he opened. Rei shook all over, but remained still and silent.

"What an obedient little bitch." Hoss laughed again. "Pick up the pace, Bone. I'm sure the others are already at the meeting spot."

Rei heard the cackling chuckle once more. 'Others.... he said... others.' Rei's mind raced. The ride lasted another twenty minutes. He knew in that time, downtown had long since been lost to him. Suddenly the van was stopping. Rei was pulled from the van, the knife now pressing against his throat. No longer did he see the lights of downtown. Instead, his eyes looked around and spied the skeleton of a construction site. The two who knocked him into the alleyway sat on top a pile of steel rods.

"Fuck, you two," the larger one spoke. "What took you so damn long? You fuck her without us again?"

"Fuck off, Rando." The one who continued to hold him, Hoss yelled. Bone, the name matching his almost skeleton-like body, cackled again beside them.

Rei panted his breath, terrified. Hoss took ahold of his arm and threw Rei onto the ground in the middle of the group. Rei quickly moved to all fours, making to crawl away only to have a sharp kick land against his ribs. He cried out, falling to his side, curling into himself. Suddenly he thought of that little fox from the store window, looking as if it too where in the same position.

Rando had been the one to land the kick, and he kneeled down next to Rei. He picked Rei up by his white hair. "Little fucking cunt, where do you think you're going?" His large hand struck out, catching the already bruised cheek, splitting his lip open once more. Even through the pain, Rei pulled at the hold, trying almost desperately to get away. Rando's grip only hardened on Rei's hair as he smiled almost cruelly at the terrified boy. Rando turned to his twin, whose blade still shined brightly. Looking at them now, Rei could easily tell that they were twins. The young man, who seemed around the same age as Rei and smiled with excitement at the torment from his steel perch, also bared resemblance to them. Bone however, seemed to be the odd man out.

With his heart racing, Rei watched as Hoss came closer. "This little bitch is wearing too much. Why don't we unwrap this pretty little package?" With that, he waved the blade back and forth, as if to heighten Rei's terror. A small whimper came past his throat, the shine of the blade moving closer to his hoodie. Hoss grabbed the material and set his knife to work, the very tip of it slicing the skin that covered Rei's heart. He cried out, his tears renewing as the blood ran down his chest and stomach.

"Man, she ain't got any tits!" The younger version of Hoss and Rando screamed out, looking slightly furious at the discovery.

Rando just laughed. "Tits won't matter." He looked over at his twin, "How much you wanna bet our little bitch here is a virgin?"

Rei could feel the color draining from his face, seeing the truly evil look coming over Hoss's face. "Well, if she is, she won't be for much longer." He reached out, and twisted the pale pink nipple that he had exposed. Rei tried with all the strength he could muster, trying desperately to get away from the pain and unwanted touch. "Please.... Please just stop! I won't tell anyone, just let me go."

Hoss put himself face to face with Rei, his breath smelling thick of alcohol and his last meal. "You're right, you won't tell anyone or else you'll force me to slit that slender throat of yours wide open." He turned his head, licking up the boy's tear stained cheek. "Now, let's get the rest of you unwrapped."

Rei twisted back and forth, Rando's tightened hold only making the pull on his hair hurt worse. Rei continued to shriek in a high voice. "Stop! Please, please stop! Don't, just don't do this!" He soon felt the material over his legs cut away, his boxers soon joining them. He could no longer tell if the cold winter wind or the terror had his body shaking worse. Pure rage bleed into Hoss's eyes at the sight of the little cock and balls that lay between his legs, the cold causing it to tuck close to his body.

Rei felt the strike against his cheek before he realized what had happened. Rando let go of his hair, his body now naked on the cold group.

"You disgusting little bitch. You're a guy?" Rei could hear Bone chuckling once more. "He sure got you good, Hoss. Look at that! His little cock is barely even there."

Rei put a hand between his legs, covering himself from his attackers view. This only seemed to upset Hoss more. He grabbed Rei once more by the hair, picking him up off the ground which caused him to scream. "What the fuck kind of game do you think you are playing? I should kill you for this shit." He looked down where Rei's hands covered himself. "Or better yet, why don't I just make you the little girl you're supposed to be?" He whistled over his shoulder, throwing Rei back down. Before he could even think to get away, Bone's and the younger man's hands him pinned Rei to the ground on his back. Rando holding open his legs.

"Why don't we just make you a little pussy, hmm?" A sadistic look had come over Hoss's face. "I'll just cut off that little thing you have there and open you up wide."

Rei couldn't believe what he was hearing. He shook his head rapidly, pulling at his arms and kicking his legs as Hoss lowered his blade closer. This only made Hoss and the other men laugh harder. "You know, I might still fuck you too. You are a pretty thing, would hate to have you wasted."

Rei screamed louder than he ever had, screamed and cried. Begging for anyone to come to his rescue. He knew the chances were almost slim to none, but he continued to scream.

"Scream, you little fucking bitch. It's music to our ears. You think anyone is going to come save your pathetic ass? I'm doing the world a favor right now."

He felt when the sharp blade touched against his skin, the burning sensation of open skin causing him to almost puke. It was at that point that he heard a loud bang, and then men holding him jumped away.

All Rei could make out from his watery vision was a figure, standing at the edge of the lot with his arm high in the air. The men stood up, one grabbing a metal pipe while Hoss stepped forward. "Who the hell do you think you are? Why don't you just walk away asshole and you don't have to get hurt."

The figure spoke, his voice colder than even the snow filled air around them. "I suggest that you be the one to leave this area. I have no problem shooting scum like you. Hoss only laughed, before nodding at his youngest brother. At the sight of the newcomer, the youngest had been the first to release Rei, giving up his hold on the boy to reach for his steel pipe. The area they were in was an abandoned building skeleton. The money had run out for the company that looked to build their apartments here. He found this instrument of torture on one of their first gatherings here, and usually kept it close at hand when they came back. "Get him, Danny." Danny was more than happy to step forward, but the figure was faster. His arm came down in a blur of a motion and suddenly the loud bang sounded again. It was then that Rei realized the man had held a gun. Danny screamed as he fell, holding the thigh that now bled freely.

"You son of a bitch!" Hoss screamed, but the gun only came to point at him.

"The next one is for you. Leave. Now."

A tense stare off took place between the two men, Danny's moans of pain being the only noise to be heard. Hoss raised his knife, but the gun never wavered in front of him. He let out a low growl before turning to look at Rei. "Watch your back, little bitch." With that, he grabbed ahold of his youngest brother and took off, the other two following closely behind him.

Rei soon found himself alone with the mysterious savior. A small whimpering whine came from his lips which had the stranger's eyes turning onto him. The light offered no real way to make out the features of this man's face, and now that the present danger had passed, Rei felt himself slipping away from consciousness. This meant, that as the silhouetted hero approached him, all Rei could do was roll once again on his side, shielding and offering his abused body what little protection he could.

"Ssh, little one. You're okay, I promise. I'm not going to hurt you." The deep voice was no longer cold, but like a low, soft melody. He still held a bit a growl, but for some reason, Rei felt more at ease than frightened as the soothing words whitewashed all remaining consciousness of Rei. The phantom like man pulled his long black jacket off his shoulders, revealing a sharp and what Rei imagined was a well-tailored suit. His blood red tie drew in his eyes.

"Here, let's get this on you, you need warmth." The strong gentle giant, knelt next to Rei with finesse seemingly impossible for someone of that stature, moving as if Rei were a skittish animal ready to flee at any moment. The warmth was soothing from the jacket, the male's body heat seeming to leave the fine material to soak into Rei. A soft whimpering moan came past his lips. Once the jacket was secured, he spoke once more. "I'm going to pick you up now. We need to get you inside and looked at. Don't fight me, understand?" Once again, there was something about the man's voice that had Rei relaxing, the fear that had coursed through him so rapidly earlier, no longer present.

Even still, he gave off a soft whimper of pain as the tower of a man moved his sore little body with ease. "Ssh, little one, it's alright," he swooned in his gentlest baritone husk. The beast held Rei's little body tightly against his chest, making sure that nothing was uncovered from the large coat that acted as his blanket and cover. He turned and left the area, going through the opening that Rei had tried to free himself through. Parked in the fire lane, a sleek black SUV sat with its flashers blinking. Rei peeked out from his cover of the jacket, his eyes catching the movement of the large male coming towards them. The sight of him frightened Rei, a small and almost pathetic noise coming from his throat as he struggled in the stranger's strong arms. Both men caught sight of his distress. The one approaching stopped in his tracks while his savior tightened his grip, speaking softly to him.

"I've got you, little one. Don't worry, nothing will harm you again while I'm around." That strong and sure tone had Rei looking up at the male, pleading with his eyes that for once he could trust someone. What he saw, gave him a bit of a shock, his gasp surely to be heard by all present. The male's eyes, were nothing like he had ever witnessed before. His right eye, seemed to reflect the ocean itself, the depths so blue, he wondered if the male wore a contact. His other, a soft, light grey that reminded Rei of the air after a thunderstorm. Rei felt his hand raising out of the coat, not willingly but driven by his need to touch the man who'd saved his life. Rei's need to see if he was real burning through him like wildfire. The sound of a phone ringing broke his trance like state and had him burrowing himself back into the warmth of the coat, shivering once more as a trickle of fear presented itself in Rei once more. The phone was instantly silenced by answering it, the male shadow standing by the SUV, pulling his phone from his pocket and swiping it on.
