 After weeks of searching for the perfect fit, we agreed to meet someone at a bar. He was tall and lean, but muscular. A lot like you. We talked for awhile but after just a few drinks, I couldn't take it anymore. I whispered my desires in his ear then he whispered in yours. Immediately, we all left the hotel bar to head to the room we reserved for our adventure. 

Once there, we wasted no time. 

I instructed him to undress you, slowly. He touched your body and kissed your neck. I had to pull your hands back every time you tried to touch. It wasn't your turn yet. While you stood there unable to touch, he started to run his hand over your cock while he kissed your neck and tickled your ear lobe with his tongue. You moaned out loud every time his tongue hit your neck. 

Now that you were excited, I told him to get on his knees and take you in his mouth. While he started sucking you, I started to kiss you to remind you that I was watching. Your knees were weak. Your cock was deep in his throat, his hands were tight on your ass, and my tongue occupied your mouth. You stood there without a complaint. 

I told him to continue sucking your hard cock until you were just at the edge and to stop before you came. You pleaded to me with your eyes as if to say, "God, please, don't make him stop." I ignored your look and kissed you instead. You let out another satisfied moan as he pulled his mouth off your cock. 

Now it was your turn to touch. You followed my command and undressed him slowly, touching and kissing, just as he did to you. You gave him the same tongue bath he gave you, all the way down his chiseled physique. 

You started to touch his cock with your hands while you kissed his neck. You moved your lips to his and quickened your hand around his pulsing cock as you pushed your tongue into his mouth. He tried to wrap his arms around you but I pulled his hands away and made him stand there, just as you did. 

I gently pushed down on the top of your head and you instinctively dropped to your knees. You ran your hands up and down his legs, kissing all around but not putting him in your mouth. He sighed with each kiss knowing what was coming. I let you tease while I kissed him down his neck, onto his chest, down his stomach, until I, too, was on my knees next to you. 

I grabbed him with one hand and cupped your chin with the other. I kissed you again, hard, and then pulled your mouth to his awaiting cock. I was still holding him in my hand and slowly rocked your head back and forth and watched you lick and suck him. 

I moved my hand slowly off of his cock and with one hard push, I forced you to take all of him in your mouth. He almost dropped to the floor and you gagged but I kept your head pushed against him as you tried to pull back. Then I pulled your head back by your chin and forced quick and deep motions against his cock, with you gagging every time. 

After a minute or so, I didn't have to force you and you stopped gagging. I could tell he was getting close to the edge. I whispered in his ear that when he was ready to cum, I wanted him to pull your head close against his body and shoot his warm cum deep down your throat. 

Then I moved behind you so I could hold your head against him if you fought his push. While I waited for his explosion, I reached in front of you and began stroking your cock which was hard from the excitement. It didn't take long before you were letting out muffled moans, thrusting your pelvis in rhythm with your mouth. I pulled harder and faster on you and I could feel you were ready. I looked up at our friend and could see he was ready, too. 

In an instant, he grabbed the back of your head and pushed it hard against his body. You groaned and gagged but didn't fight. He pushed deeper and deeper until he every bit of his cum was dripping down your throat and I stroked faster and faster until you came, too. He let go of your head and pulled back some, but kept his cock in your mouth after he came. You diligently sucked and licked until you made sure you didn't miss a drop. I continued to rub your cock while you finished your job and you both moaned agreeably. 

He finally pulled out of your mouth and bent down to us. He kissed you, forcefully, on the mouth as if in an attempt to clean the excess cum off your face. Then he turned to me. He licked your cum off of my hand and from in between my fingers then he kissed me just as hard. 

And just like that, he left.