 PRELUDE

Michael, although he preferred the French pronunciation Michelle, entered my office near the end of the day on Thursday. It was a very quiet day and just the two of us were in the office. I could tell by the lustful look on his face that he was up to something.

"Do you have plans for tonight?" 

"No," I answered, "Why do you ask?"

"Just curious and wanted to know if you want to have some fun before you head home."

"I see, what did you have in mind?" 

"We'll let's start with my sucking your cock and then I want to feel it in my ass."

"I can live with that."

"No one else is here. Can we get naked?"

"Sure, I'm good with that."

Normally when I fucked Michele or he sucked my cock, we were partially clothed. I never took off all my clothes unless we were absolutely sure that there was no one around. Normally, my pants and underwear were around my knees whether I was fucking him or he was sucking my dick. If I was fucking him, his pants and underwear were also around his knees. 

We took off all our clothes and he draped a beach towel over my executive chair. He sucked me briefly until I was hard. He knelt on the chair and handed me his favorite lube which was labeled, Anal Ease. I greased his bottom and my cock liberally. Then I pushed into him as I had so many times. He held to the back of the chair as I moved my stiff prick in an out of him.

Michelle had an absolutely drop-dead gorgeous ass. One that any woman would love to have. There was nothing more erotic than watching my cock slide in and out between the curvy buttocks. I felt the same way about anal sex with some of the women but Michelle had the nicest derriere. He would cum at least once and sometimes twice before I released my load in his ass. Hence the beach towel to keep the semen off my executive swivel chair. He kept his ass very clean and always douched it before anal sex.

He was creative and he often knelt in the swivel chair sucking my cock. Then we would spin the chair around and I entered his ass. Several times he would swing around and take my cock back in his mouth and then back in his ass. He knew how to get me fired up and when I came it was massive. I would flood his rectum with my seed and keep my cock in him as he milked it with his sphincter. When I pulled out, I watched as the contractions forced the semen out. It would ooze out and dribble over his ball sac. He would keep contracting his sphincter until all the semen was expunged from his rectum. 

Michelle used the towel to wipe the semen from his bottom and folded it up. He always took it home and washed it. We both got dressed in our work clothes and tidied up my office. I looked at him in his tight slacks and admired his ass again. I felt another stirring in my loins as I knew that I could easily fuck him again. 

"Do you have plans this weekend?"

"I have a date tomorrow night but nothing on Saturday. You know that I play golf Sunday morning." 

"Can I come over Saturday and hang out? I love your condo complex with the pool."

"Sure, but if I get lucky Friday night, I might have company Saturday morning."

"I'll be cool and wait for you by the pool."

Being with Michelle was very much like being with a young woman. Sure, he didn't have a pussy but the oral and anal sex were very satisfying. I had no trouble with my manhood as I enjoyed Michelle and a number of woman. A few of them lived at the same condo complex.

INTRODUCTION

I had my own consulting practice and Michelle was my only employee. I used others to subcontract for me and I often subcontracted myself out to a larger consulting firm. My office was in an Omni suite setup in the Chicago suburbs near the airport. I had one large office with two desks. The owners provided the secretarial and janitorial services to all the clients. There was a fitness center in the same building complex and I worked out there every morning before the business day started.

At 28-years-old, I was in good shape. I stood at 6'1" and weighed a fit 190 pounds. In addition to working out nearly every day, I played tennis, golf and I skied in the winter months. Michelle my admin assistant was 26-years-old, 5'6" and weighed no more than 150 pounds. He wore his brown hair long enough to cover his ears and the nape of his neck. He was effeminate looking but not one to exaggerate his mannerisms. I would have to say he looked pretty as opposed to handsome. 

We were a contrast in outward appearance and when we were naked too. My body was muscular, firm and toned. His was soft, smooth and flawless. I was fairly well-endowed with 7+" thick cock. Michelle had the smallest pecker I had ever seen. It was 3" when hard. I felt bad for him but he handled it well and he appreciated me never saying anything about his size.

I hired Michelle because of his creativity and computer skills. He could whip out proposals and presentations in record time. He also prepared all the status reports for ongoing engagements. I had been lucky to find him as he had been downsized out of his former company. He liked the idea of working for me and not joining another large firm. Many of the deals I closed were due in part to his creativity and I always gave him a bonus when we signed a new contract. He had worked for me for two months before we had sex together.

ROAD TRIP

My company was one of three finalists for a deal in Minneapolis. It was down to orals and I was scheduled to present on Wednesday afternoon. Michelle and I flew in on Tuesday night and stayed at a hotel within walking distance to the prospect's site. We didn't travel that often together but when we did, we always shared a room. It was a way to keep expenses to a minimum. I booked the room for two nights as I did not know when I would wrap-up on Wednesday.

Tuesday evening, we had dinner, rehearsed the presentation and got a good night's rest. At 2:00 PM on Wednesday we presented our proposal. The other two finalists had already presented. I always liked being last. The orals lasted for 2 ½ hours, a record for me. The prospective client drilled us for over and hour with intense questioning. When we were done, the prospect asked if we would be around on Thursday and we would learn who they selected. I told them we would be in town on Thursday.

Michelle and I returned to the hotel and we first stopped in the lounge for a drink. We decided to eat in the hotel restaurant as we were tired and not in the mood to go out for dinner. After dinner we returned to the room and relaxed. I hung up my business suit and shirt, got a drink from the mini-bar and flopped down on my bed. I was just wearing my boxers propped up against the headboard. Michelle did the same thing in his bed.

"Cliff, can I ask you a personal question?"

"You can ask but I may not answer it."

"You know that I am gay, right?"

"I suspected that but didn't know for sure."

"Well, I am. I know that you are seeing a couple of girls but have you ever had sex with another guy?"

"That is personal. Yes, in college, I let a cute guy blow me a few times."

"Did you like it?"

"Sure, I let him do me several times. He gave great head. Where is this headed?"

"I would like to suck your cock."

I knew that to take that step might affect our business relationship. I had not been laid in over a week and the offer was timely. If I had been alone in the city, I would probably be out chasing pussy, so I thought why not.

"Michelle, if we do this, I have to have your word that it never leaves this room."

"I promise. I will be sworn to silence."

He knew that I would fire him on the spot if he ever said anything. He moved to my bed and sat on the edge. He ran his hand up my leg onto my thigh, His touch was feather like and his hand was tender and soft. He didn't rush it but kept his eyes on my boxers. My cock stiffened and tented in my underwear. That's when he slipped his hand in my boxers and wrapped it around my shaft.

"Oh my, you have been blessed."

Releasing my cock, he used both hands to pull my boxers down and off. My erection flopped against my belly and he let out a soft whistle. He took it in his hand again and leaned in closer. His tongue ran the length of the shaft and tickled the underside of the soft mushroom head. He got up on the bed and straddled my legs, lowering his mouth to engulf my cock, taking about 5" in his mouth. His head bobbed up and down and he swirled his tongue around the shaft. Michelle was a very good cock sucker and I knew that I would not last much longer.

When I couldn't hold it any longer, I warned him that I was going to cum. He went right on sucking me as I blasted volley after volley of cum in his mouth. He kept swallowing rapidly and he did not miss a drop. He continued to suck me draining and cleaning my cock of any trace of sperm. When he started to nibble on my dick head I felt weak and I had to push him off me. I was drained. I was speechless as I had just let my gay assistant suck my cock. 

"That wasn't so bad, was it?"

"No it wasn't. You give great head but you caught me at a weak moment," I said somewhat embarrassed over what happened.

"You came pretty quickly. I bet you needed that."

""I have to take a leak."

Michelle lay back on the bed and stroked his cock as I went into the bathroom. I glanced at his cock and observed that it was about 3" long and I was surprised. In a way I felt sorry for him but made a point not to mention his size. I took a much-needed piss and then washed up before returning to the bedroom. To my surprise Michelle was in bed on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. I could feel a tingling in my loins as I looked at his hot ass. Michelle's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a girl in this position. He was tanned except for his ass and the contrast in skin color really emphasized the shape of his curvy bottom.

"Cliff, I would like you to fuck me. You would like to fuck me, wouldn't you?"

My cock was hardening and I approached the bed. I knelt behind Michelle and I begin to caress his beautiful ass. He handed me some lubricant that he had brought along and asked me to get his ass ready for my cock. I put an ample amount of lube in my hands and rubbed it all around the anus. I inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing him for my cock. I was no stranger to preparing asses for sex but this was the first time I was preparing a gay man's bottom. However, as I sawed my fingers in and out of his anus I was getting turned on by the thought of burying my cock in his shapely ass. I moved closer to him and lined up the head of my cock with his anal opening and began to ease it into to him.

He cautioned, "Take it slow at first, then deeper."

My cock head cleared his sphincter and I fed it to him a little at a time. His ass chute was warm and tight as I went deeper and deeper into him. Soon I was all the way in his marvelous ass and I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round buttocks. 

He asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So, I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. He was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot my seed in his ass. I tried to make it last as long as possible but once he started to contract his sphincter I lost it.

I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing. As I continued to fuck him, my juice backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out flowing over his taint. He used his talented sphincter muscle to milk my cock and drain it of all my seed. I didn't think that I would ever be soft again as I remained hard in his tight sheath. The milking action eventually weakened me and I collapsed on top of his body.

Michelle flattened out on the bed with me on top and my cock still in his ass. We moved to our sides with my cock still in him. I could see the bed sheets where Michelle had shot his load sometime during our fuck session. We both relaxed and sometime during our rest my cock softened and slipped from his ass.

"Cliff, can I stay in your bed tonight?"

"Yeah, you can stay." 

Michelle stayed in the same bed with me that night and lay curled up against me with his ass pressing into my body. I had draped an arm around him and we cuddled as if a man and woman. Sometime during the night, I awoke with an erection and I eased it into Michelle's ass. We fucked lying on our sides with a slow gentle rhythm until I unleashed my third load, the second in his ass. We fell back asleep with my cock still sheathed in his ass.

THURSDAY IN MINNEAPOLIS

When I woke up the next morning I had my arm draped over Michelle's naked body. We were both on our sides and his curvy smooth ass was pressed into my groin. I was surprised by how soft and feminine he felt against me. I eased my naked body out of bed and looked at him still sleeping. His shapely ass looked poised for another good butt fuck and I felt that familiar tingling in my loins. I still couldn't believe that I had fucked Michelle after letting him suck my cock. I decided to take a shower and let him sleep. I was lathering myself with soap when he entered the shower and joined me. 

"Let's wash each other," he suggested and I smiled at him and nodded my approval.

We soaped each other up with Michelle focusing on my cock and me on his ass. I enjoyed fingering his anus as he stroked my soapy cock. Michelle then held my cock in one hand and then ran the flat part of his other hand over the head of my cock. It sent chills through my body and I told him I would shoot if he didn't stop. No one had ever done that to me and it left me rock hard.

Michelle turned and faced the shower wall and guided my cock to his ass. My soapy cock slid easily into to soapy hole. He braced his body with both hands on the shower wall and arched his back accentuating his shapely ass. I ran my hands over his curvy ass as I fucked him methodically with long slow strokes. I pulled my cock almost out of his ass and then let it slide all the way back in. He looked so hot with my dick sliding in and out of glistening wet ass. In a matter of minutes my body stiffened and I filled his ass with my seed. Michelle groaned as he jerked off and shot his juice onto the shower wall. It was the first time I saw him cum. It was a big load shooting out of a little pecker.

We got out of the shower, dried off and got dressed without speaking. It had a been a big step for both of us and we would now have to deal with it. We went down to the coffee shop to get some breakfast. Later we were in the room waiting for the prospect to call. Michelle broke the ice.

"Cliff that was wonderful, I hope it was good for you."

"I would say it was good for me. You gave great head and I can't believe it but I fucked you three times."

"I have been told that oral and anal sex is no different with a gay man than with a woman."

"I can't totally agree with that. Maybe for oral but anal is a stretch. You have an incredible ass, among the shapeliest I have ever fucked. Still I have to get passed that it is with a guy and not a woman."

"You fucked me three times and came every time."

"I know, that is why I am struggling with this; besides you work for me and that further complicates it."

"It doesn't have to be complicated. I'll suck your cock anytime you want me to and you can fuck me if you want that too."

Just then I received a call from the prospect. We got the contract and they wanted me to start in two weeks. I had to round up a number of subcontractors and put a project team together. The engagement would be for six months and it was a lucrative deal. Michelle called the travel agent and got our flight rebooked. We packed our bags, checked out and headed to the airport. We were ecstatic about the engagement but had a lot of work to do to get ready. Friday was going to be a workhorse day.

THE WEEKEND

On Friday we were successful signing a number of subcontractors to the project. Michelle handled the logistics and compensation. Engagements like this one could pose some cash flow issues and we had to be prepared for that. Most clients seemed to keep us 60 days in arrears and I had to have the float to handle that. Michelle and I decided to work the weekend to assure that everything was in order.

We went to the office on Saturday to structure the project plan with appropriate resources. Most of the subcontractors were available and thankful for the opportunity to earn some money. It was an intense work day and we finally took a break and had a late lunch. There was a sandwich shop nearby and we picked up our food. It was a quick lunch and then back to work. Around 4:00 PM, we took a break and relaxed. Michelle asked me about my evening plans.

"Do you have a date tonight?"

"No, I did but I called it off. We had too much to do."

"I agree but I think that you could use some relief. Are you up for a blow job?"

"I guess I agree with you and yes I would love a blow job."

"I've been thinking about your cock all day," Michelle gasped.

Michelle sat on the chair and had me stand in front of him. Then he slowly peeled my slacks and boxers down my legs watching my cock catch in the waistband before it sprung out in his face. 

"I love that when it happens."

Michelle covered my cock with his mouth and gave me one of his mind-blowing blow jobs. He ran his hands under my shirt over my body and up my body to my abs. He scraped his finger along my perineum causing me to shiver. He caressed my bloated balls and swirled his tongue around my cock. I gently grabbed his head as I knew I was close to cumming. Michelle picked up the pace and he soon had me shooting my load down his throat. Cum shot into his mouth and he swallowed as quickly as he could so that he did not miss a single drop. He kept my cock in his mouth and drained every drop from my shaft. Next, he took my cock from his mouth and ran his tongue around the mushroom head and he caressed my tight ball sac. I was shaking from the tingling sensations and I had to sit down as he nibbled gently on the head of my cock sending shock waves through my body.

Michelle then pushed his pants and underwear down and sat back in his chair. He unbuttoned his shirt and stroked his little cock as he desired to achieve his own orgasm. I watched as his hand moved rapidly over his tiny cock and his ball sac tightened just before he ejaculated. I reached over and ran my hand over his ball sac touching him for the first time. He groaned when he felt my hand caress his balls and then I ran my finger under the sac and scraped his perineum with one finger. I continued to play with the ball sac and perineum until his body stiffened and cum shot out of his cock.

I watched as the first four cum shots flew out and hit him on the neck, shoulders and chest. Some cum even landed on his face and hair. The next three or four volleys landed on his ribs and abs. Michelle moaned and groaned as he ejaculated and I kept rubbing his balls until he stopped cumming. The remainder of his ejaculation trickled from his cock and puddled on his pubic hair. He remained still for quite some time before he composed himself enough to move. He slid one hand across my belly wrapping his soft fingers around my shaft and pressed my cock up against my belly. Then I felt his mouth on my cock again. He caressed me with his tongue, moving from deep underneath my balls to the very tip of my cock in one lingering sweep. We both moaned as his tongue swirled around my swollen cock head, his hands caressed my shaft and balls. His fingers probed between my legs. He glanced up at me and then back at my cock before taking me deep into his mouth.

My legs felt like jelly as I felt his hot wet mouth around my cock. He sucked me hard and drew me in deep. His tongue lashed across my cock head and I felt his teeth gently slide down my shaft. My cock jerked in his mouth as he sucked hard. My cock bulged in his mouth as I thrust forward and began to fuck his mouth. I reached for his head, feeling his silky hair as I plunged my cock into his mouth. His sucking matched my thrusts. I ejaculated a second time and filled his mouth with my seed.
