 AUTHORS NOTE: There are few brief descriptions of heterosexual encounters in this chapter. 

SIX MONTHS OF WORK AND TIME FOR A VACATION

For the duration of the Minneapolis project it was very routine travel and sexual encounters. On Monday at my home office Michelle and I would prepare status reports for the client, review theme and then I would fuck him. I spent the next three days in Pittsburgh on the other engagement and flew to Minneapolis on Thursday evening where I would meet Michelle.

We would go over updates and reports prepared for the client have dinner and then sex. Most Fridays we returned to Chicago in the evening. On a few occasions we went skiing again on Saturday and would have sex after skiing and Sunday before we returned to Chicago. The Saturdays and Sundays I spent in my condo / home office were relaxing. Sometimes I had a date on Saturday and she would stay the night.

I had also met a couple of women in Pittsburgh and dated them while in town. One was a pretty god skier so one Friday I flew back to Pittsburgh and we went skiing at Seven Springs resort. Of course, we had great sex after skiing. I was very comfortable with my manhood even though I was fucking Michelle on a regular basis. I was still seeing women and I liked the balance in my life.

By the end of March both engagements were complete and I was ready for a vacation. My dilemma was whether to invite Michelle along too. I had gotten enough skiing in that I did not feel the need to go to Colorado. Some place warm and relaxing seemed to be the thing. If I invited Michelle, I knew that I could have sex as often as I wanted. Did I want the sure thing or did I want to chase pussy every night?

Inviting Michelle would determine the type of place to go. I liked all-inclusive resorts because everything was paid for up front and you knew your budget. Also, I was not in the mood for sightseeing or a cruise. All-inclusive it was and then to decide which one and where. I made up my mind to invite Michelle and decided on a resort in the Caribbean. I could do a little diving there if I was in the mood. When I asked Michelle to join me he was thrilled.

That Monday we got the travel agent to book our vacation and the following Friday we were on our way, I opted for the Friday to Friday option so we would be able to get caught up on business the weekend we returned. Everything was paid for in advance except for gratuities at the airport and shuttle service. The resort said no tipping but I knew that we would get great service if we did. We left early Friday morning and that evening we were at the resort walking around checking things out. Friday night was a busy night as many guests were leaving Saturday.

We hit a couple of bars, had a light snack and returned to our room. We both were a bit tired but not so much that we skipped sex that night. We got in bed naked. Michelle sucked my cock until I was ready to put it in his ass. He had lubed his anus while he was sucking me. We got in the spoon position since it was the most relaxing and I slipped my cock into his receptive bottom. We fucked slowly and I reached around and stroked his little dick. I always liked it when he came while I was fucking him. I loved the feel of his sphincter gripping my shaft.

Michelle came first and I followed right after him. Several ropes of semen entered his rectum and he squeezed my cock as always. I stayed in him and let my cock soften and slip from his ass. We stayed in the spoon position and went to sleep. When I woke up the next morning, he had moved to the other bed and was still sleeping. I got up quietly and took my morning piss. 

I came out of the bathroom and Michelle had rolled to his belly. His fabulous ass was on display and I felt that familiar surge in my loins. He was awake and I watched as he raised his ass slightly, reached between his legs and lubricated his anus. It was a very sexy sight. I stroked my dick into hardness and joined him on the bed. I knelt between his legs and as he raised his ass to meet me, I slid my rock-hard cock in the sweet chamber.

Keeping my weight off of him with my arms outside his body. I thrust into him burying my cock each time. Michelle pushed his ass up at me every time to receive the full length of me. We were really into it as he loved feeling me drill down and I loved his response to each thrust. I could feel his firm curvy buttocks under me and I was fast approaching my release. Then it happened and I exploded in his bottom.

I pressed forward and he pushed upward as my seed shot into his rectum. It seemed like one of my biggest loads ever and the feeling was intense. I stopped moving as I shot syrupy fluid into his rectum and he remained still as well. My arms were fatigued and I felt weak as I lowered my body onto his. After several minutes, I rolled to the side and lay on my back. Michelle also moved to his back and stroked his cock until he fired an enormous load onto his body. I watched as countless streams of semen coated his skin.

"God, that was fantastic!"

"I love morning sex."

"I love you fucking me in the morning."

"Let's shower, dress and go to breakfast."

"What are we going to do after we eat."

"Whatever we want, I'm kind of curious about the nude beach. I've never been on one before."

"That sounds good. I like taking it easy for our first day."

We got up showered, dressed in shorts and tees. The buffet breakfast was fantastic, the food was delicious and the fruit incredibly fresh. After breakfast we applied sun block to our bodies and headed for the beach. We settled in quickly and liked the freedom on being naked. Everyone was very casual and very comfortable on the nude beach. There were some very shapely and attractive women with equally good-looking men on the beach. It wasn't strictly a couple's resort but most women were accompanied by men. 

There was a bar at the nude beach and it had the best frozen drinks. Michelle liked the Pina Coladas and I preferred the Vodka Slush. We sun bathed, had a few drinks and swam in the sea. It was totally relaxing. Saturday was another transition day so there wasn't much going on in terms of entertainment. We went back to the room to shower and dress for lunch and afterward it was back to the nude beach.

That evening we showered again, had dinner and then went to a piano bar. There were a lot of good singers but we were not among them. We enjoyed a few drinks and listening to the guests who could sing. Later we left and returned to the room. We were both up for some more action and it was a repeat performance of Friday night. I fucked Michelle in the spoon position and then we dozed off.

ACTIVITIES PICK UP

After morning sex and breakfast, we went to the activities area. A number of outfitters were there to promote their business. They were not part of the resort so their activities were an additional cost. Michelle and I didn't see anything to our liking so we passed on the ventures. The resort had plenty to do. That afternoon we planned to visit the pool when they were conducting limited SCUBA training for a shore dive the next day. I was certified but Michelle wasn't.

Before lunch we were on the nude beach again sun bathing. I had cautioned Michelle to put the sunblock on heavy on his buttocks for protection. Also, I did not want him to lose his tan lines that emphasized the shape of his lovely ass. While we on the beach, we got hit with a pop-up shower. I noticed that everyone left their belongings on the beach and headed to an unfamiliar area.

"Michelle, leave the stuff and let's follow the people."

"Where are they going?" 

"I don't know, probably some shelter."

We followed them behind a grove of trees and saw the huge jacuzzi. We didn't know it was there as we had not discovered the first day when we walked around. There must have been fifty people in it. I struck up a conversation with another couple.

"I didn't even know this was here."

"Really, it has quite the reputation but my wife and I aren't into swinging."

"There are couples who swing, have sex in here?"

"Not just couples but anyone who wants to have sex. The action is supposed to begin after the evening activities."

"Wow, I had no idea."

"I'm going to check it out just to observe. You should too."

"I might, just to satisfy my curiosity."

Just then the shower passed and everyone returned to the beach. The sun was so hot that everything dried out quickly. We basked in the sun a bit longer and then returned to the room to shower and dress for lunch. Over lunch we talked about the jacuzzi.

"Michelle, I'm curious about the jacuzzi. Let's check it out tonight."

"If you want. I'm sure that there is no gay sex going on."

"I don't know. We may be surprised."

"I would be very surprised."

After lunch we did the resort dive training session. Since I was certified, I helped the dive instructors with the group. Michelle did very well as I helped him out. We would meet after breakfast the next day for the shore dive. Michelle and I stayed in the pool after the training and swam around. He was a good swimmer and I wasn't worried about him for the upcoming dive.

Later we returned to the room, showered and dressed for dinner. That evening there was an Elvis impersonator and he was quite good. Michelle and I were seated when two young women came to our table and asked if they could sit with us. I recognized one from the nude beach but not the other one. The one I recognized and had seen nude was cute, she had a cute face, cute tits, cute bottom and a cute figure. 

"Hi, I'm Margot and this is my friend Diana."

"Hello ladies, I'm Walt and this is Michelle."

Michelle acted the perfect gentlemen and stood up to greet them. "Pleased to meet you," he said shaking their hands.

They sat down with us and I noticed that they did not have drinks. I offered to get drinks for everyone as mine needed to be refreshed. I went to the bar and returned shortly with the drinks. We listened to the entertainer and when he sang a popular slow song, the women asked us to dance with them. I hesitated but Michelle surprised me when he jumped and took Diana out to the dance floor. Margot and I joined them.

Michelle was an incredible dancer and he whisked Diana the dance floor. She was quite good too and followed his lead. Margot and I were more the traditional dancers and moved slowly to the music. She danced very close to me and I sensed that I could have her if I wanted too. Soon we were pressed together and her thigh rubbed my crotch. She had me hard in no time and I struggled with my inner feelings.

If I was alone, I would be all over her and probably be fucking her the rest of the week. However, I was with Michelle and I could not abandon him. The song ended and we returned to our seats as an up-beat number was played. Michelle and Diana stayed on the floor and danced. They were really good together. Margot then questioned me.

"What's the deal with you and Michelle? Are you guys together?"

"We're vacationing together. We just finished two big consulting engagements and decided to take a vacation. Michelle works for me."

"I'm sorry but he looks a bit effeminate and I didn't know if you were gay."

"No, we're not gay. It's just that we have girlfriends back home so we behave ourselves."

"So, your girlfriends didn't want to come with you?"

"They couldn't get away on short notice. It was an impromptu decision on my part."

"I saw you both on the nude beach. Michelle has a little penis."

"Don't say anything about his size, besides we're all small when soft."

"Not you, I noticed you. You are blessed!"

"Here they come back. Michelle I was just explaining to Margot how we could not bring our girlfriends on the trip because of the short notice. That's why we're are alone."

Michelle picked up on it quickly and added, "Yes, it's disappointing but we needed a vacation after those projects. We were putting in long days and weeks."

"You two looked marvelous on the dance floor," I said changing the subject.

Diana chimed in, "I haven't danced like that in a long time. Michelle where did you learn to dance like that."

"When I was in college, I worked at a dance studio to earn some money. It was great fun, I learned ballroom dancing and made some money."

After the Elvis impersonator finished his performance, a DJ played music and the four of us danced a while longer. It was about 11:00 PM when we called it a night and thanked the women for dancing with us. Michelle and I headed back to the room and I remembered that I wanted to check out the nude jacuzzi. As we were walking Michelle spoke in a soft voice.

"That Margot wants to be with you, she has the hots for you."

"I'm sure that I could bed her but I'm here with you."

"You can fuck her if you want, it's okay with me if you do."

"That's nice now let's put on out swimsuits and head down to the jacuzzi."

"You go, I'm going to lay down. Tell me about it later."

So, I put on my swimsuit and headed down to the nude Jacuzzi. When I arrived, I saw several people already engaged in sexual activities. The two women that I saw earlier that day on the beach were standing in the jacuzzi and they were sucking the cocks of their partners who sat on the edge. I quickly realized that I was the only one wearing a bathing suit so I shed it quickly and sat down on the edge of the jacuzzi with my feet in the water. I looked around and saw a pretty blonde licking the pussy of a brunette woman sitting on the edge. A man was behind the pretty blonde fucking her as she ate the brunette's pussy. I wondered if the guy was with the blonde or the brunette.

I then spotted other guys behind the two women sucking cocks and they began to fuck them. I noticed that the women's husbands had their heads back and the women were bobbing up and down quicker on their cocks. I was sure that the two husbands had cum in their wives' mouths. I continued watching the foursome and then I saw the women lift their heads up from the cocks. The women then kissed each other and I wondered if they were swapping cum with each other. Then a guy with a huge cock sat down of the Jacuzzi's edge between the two husbands and within minutes the two women had the enormous cock standing at attention. 

The two women seemed enamored with the impressive organ as they played with it, kissed it and sucked it. They passed the cock back and forth to each other and they appeared to be in no hurry to make him cum. The other two guys continued to fuck the two women from behind as they worked on the massive cock and their husbands just sat by and watched. I looked over at the pretty blonde and she was still eating the brunette's pussy but a different guy was now fucking her from behind. I realized that my cock was rock hard so he lowered my body into the water to conceal my erection.

I decided that I had seen enough for one night so I pulled myself up out of the Jacuzzi and located my bathing suit. I put on the bathing suit and gave one last look around before heading back to the room. Some people were still having sex but it was clear that the activities were winding down and people were leaving. I started walking back to the room.

As I passed the locker room and pump house near the Jacuzzi I heard some voices and spotted some movement behind the buildings. Suspecting that others were having sex, my curiosity got the best of me. I quietly moved through the bushes to see who was behind the building. I was shocked to see three guys together with their bathing suits pushed down to just above their knees. 

A cute almost pretty blonde-haired guy was standing between two dark haired guys. The blonde had a cock in each hand and he stroked them both. The dark-haired guys each had one of the blonde's buttocks in their hands as they kissed his neck and toyed with his nipples. I watched as the two dark haired guys maneuvered the blonde onto all fours. Then the blonde sucked on one cock as he got fucked with the other. The three guys were so good looking with smooth hairless bodies that I found the scene to be very erotic. I watched them until they all ejaculated.

The guy fucking the blonde pulled out of the blonde's ass and shot his load onto the blonde's back and buttocks. Then he put his cock back in the blonde's ass and fucked him until his cock softened and slipped from the blonde's asshole. The other guy pulled his cock from the blonde's mouth and shot his load past the blonde's face onto his back and shoulders. Then the blonde took the cock back in his mouth and sucked it dry. Finally, the blonde rolled over on his back and one of the dark-haired guys sucked and jerked the blonde guy's cock. The blonde shot an enormous load onto his own body covering his chest and pubes. 

At that point I moved away from the threesome and headed to the room. I realized that I had a boner again. As I walked to the room I thought of Michelle and his lovely ass. I quietly entered the room and saw the lovely body in the dim light. Michelle was sleeping in the nude and the bed sheet was just covering his legs from the knees down. He was sleeping on his belly and that super fine ass was prominently displayed. The way his one leg was tucked under him caused the shape of his buttocks to be emphasized even more. 

Staring at the alluring bottom for several minutes, I had another boner. I couldn't take it any longer so I stripped off his swim suit. Staring the entire time at the beautiful curvy ass, I got up on the bed and lowered my body onto the effeminate body. I held my erect cock in my hand and guided to the taut rubbery ring. Michelle sighed and spoke softly as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up his anus and stretched the sphincter. 

"Oh good, you're back. Fuck me!"

I was gentle as I slowly penetrated the sweet ass. Michelle's ass opened up and welcomed the big cock into the warm snug passage. I held still and let Michelle position himself. Once I was satisfied that he had loosened up I began to fuck him with long steady deliberate strokes. The two of us moved together as we had done many times before. Of course, Michelle loved being a bottom and I loved anal sex. He rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the bed. That move accentuated the round shape of his shapely ass. I loved the feel of the curvy buttocks as I drove my cock all the way home. I always liked the way the smooth body felt under me. He groaned repeatedly each time I buried my cock in the snug gripping channel.

Every time I drove his cock into the sweet bottom, he lifted his hips to receive the cock deep in his ass. We fucked slowly and maintained our rhythm and I wrapped my arms around his upper body. Our bodies pressed together as we fucked and I savored being in the beautiful ass. I was so wrapped up fucking the hot curvy ass that my ejaculation snuck up on me. Almost without warning I shot a massive load into the gripping clenching rectum.

Michelle groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. I moved my hips in and out as I ejaculated into the gorgeous bottom until I was nearly drained. I pressed my body into the slender body and remained still as Michelle clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around the thick shaft. I was still hard when I removed my cock from the well fucked ass and got off the bed. Michelle turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. I watched him jerk off as I got in the other bed. We slept in separate beds that night as we needed to be well rested.

NO SEX BEFORE DIVING

The next morning, we were up early and had an early breakfast. Afterward we put on our swimsuits and headed to the beach. The dive master and his crew were already there setting up for the resort dive. Michelle was still a bit apprehensive but I calmed him down, reminding him that we were not diving that deep and that I would be with him. 
