 AUTHORS NOTE: There is a brief description of a heterosexual encounter in this chapter. 

BACK TO CHICAGO

On Friday following our Caribbean vacation we were on a plane back to Chicago. It had been an interesting vacation to say the least. We had had a great time and had an opportunity to have sex with two beautiful people. On Thursday night, Michelle and I were back together and it was good to be fucking him again. 

"Michelle, did you like being with Diana?"

"Oh yes, it was great. We got to suck each other's cock and we got to fuck each other. Thank you for giving me that freedom."

"Not a problem, I was surprise though to learn that Diana was a transsexual or transgender, which ever term is appropriate."

"Yeah, she prefers transsexual. Her cock is much bigger than mine. She had cute little titties too." How was it with Margot?"

"She is a very good lover and pretty too. I was surprised but pleased that she liked anal sex so much."

"It was a good break for us to be with others."

"I agree. We still had time with each other but it was a nice break."

"We're going to be busy this weekend?"

"Yes, we are. We'll pick up the mail today from the P.O. Box and get through it tomorrow."

"Should I stay over tonight?"

"You might as well and tomorrow night too. You will be at the office anyway even if you stay at your place."

The flight attendant announced the approach to O'Hare airport and for everyone to fasten their seat belts. Minutes later the plane was on the ground we had to go through international arrivals, pick up our luggage and clear customs. On the way home we stopped at the Post Office and picked up a week's worth of mail. We had a couple of receipts too for packages. I knew that they were more RFPs. 

We stopped at picked up Chinese food on the way home. That evening we ate, had a few beers and worked our way through the no brainer mail. We saved the more detailed stuff for Saturday. We didn't bother unpacking our suitcases and went to bed together in my bed. It seemed no matter how tired we were, we always had enough energy for sex. 

Michelle sucked me into hardness and then I fucked him in the spoon position. He stayed in my bed that night and we slept soundly. I knew we would start the day off tomorrow with morning sex before we tackled our work load. We must have been exhausted as we did not move through the night.

A BUSY SATURDAY 

I woke up the next morning to the sensation of a tongue running the length of my shaft. I didn't know how long Michelle had been licking my cock but it was stiff. He began with my testicles and licked his way up. Then he let his tongue slide back down. He smiled at me when he saw I was awake.

"If you keep that up, I'm going to shoot soon."

"Good, I like to see you shoot."

I scooted back on the bed and rested my back against the headboard. I watched as Michelle continued the adoration of my cock. My ball sac tightened and I knew I was close. He sensed it too and he used his hands to stroke my cock. It swelled in his hand and then I exploded shooting a huge load into my chest and abs. Michelle took my cock in his mouth and sucked it dry. Then he licked the remaining cum from my body. It was quite an erotic act.

A few minutes later, we got up and had breakfast. Then it was tackling the work that had piled up during the week. We got through all the mail before lunch and decided to tackle the RFPS afterward. We ate lunch and then Michelle wanted me to fuck him before we took on any more work. It was good timing because I was ready to fuck his sweet ass. We went to my bedroom.

"Are you ready to fuck?"

"Fuck me hard, I am ready."

I entered him, going back in with short strokes and long strokes, rotating my hips. I was going faster and faster. I told him I was going to fill his sweet ass with my cum. I kept fucking his tight ass until I finished shooting my load. I lay on Michelle and rolled us over, him on top, my cock still in ass. As my cock softened, I pulled out and it popped when it pulled from his tight cum filled ass.

He lay on top of me as he jerked off until he shot his wad onto his chest and abs. My seed oozed out of his bottom and we both needed a rinse off before we returned to work. We showered and put on shorts and tees. I made another pot of coffee as we had too much work to do to start drinking. That evening we had Chinese take-out and relaxed afterward with white wine. It was enough work for one day. 

"We still have a lot to do tomorrow. Should I stay over again tonight."

"Sure, it will save me from having to drive you home and I will get to fuck you again tonight."

"My thoughts entirely."

We finished the bottle of wine and we had done enough work for one day. We decided to go to bed and get an early start in the morning. As always, we slept in the nude and I fucked Michell in the spoon position before we fell asleep.

SUNDAY MORE WORK AND PLAY

On Sunday, I let Michell sleep in and I took my morning piss and then showered. I dried off and walked naked back into my bedroom. Michelle lay face down on the bed as I stood there and looked at his bubble butt sticking up naturally from the rest of his body. I decided to wake him up with a massage.

I retrieved the body oil and then straddled his slender body. I sat on his legs just below the buttocks as I always did when I massaged him. My stiff cock rested in the crack of his lovely ass. I poured the oil on his back and shoulders and then began to massage his pretty body. I loved his hairless, smooth and flawless skin and my hands glided over him. After several minutes of massaging the upper body I turned my attention to his ass. 

He was awake now and cooed as my hands molded his globes. I massaged each of his buttocks relishing in the feel of the round firmness. I felt my cock begin to twitch and within a few minutes of rubbing his ass I was anxious to fuck him. I slid my cock within the fold of his buttocks. He teased me with a silly question.

"Are you going to fuck me again this morning?"

"Of course, I am."

I smoothed the body oil all over my cock and then I poured some of it in the crack of his ass. I then fingered the anus making sure that it was well lubed for another round of butt fucking. Satisfied that he was sufficiently lubricated, I eased my cock into his hot ass for the first but not last time that day. He pushed his buns up to meet my penetration and the cock slid in easily. He groaned as the thick shaft filled his anal passage once again. I fucked him for what seemed like an hour before I finally came and then I collapsed on top of him. The two of us remained in the same position for several minutes before we separated. I rolled off of Michelle and lay on my back beside my pretty young assistant. 

"Walt, that was so good. I love it when you fuck me and cum in my ass."

"Come on let's rinse off, get dressed and have some breakfast. We have a shit load of work to do today." 

Michelle kneeled up and I saw the cum stains on the sheets. He had cum just from me fucking him without even touching his cock. We showered quickly, tossed on tees and shorts, ate breakfast and got back to the workload. As we took on the administrative work, we washed and dried all our clothes that we had taken on vacation. Michelle then had clean clothes to wear. He would stay over Sunday night as well so we could get right to work on Monday, that is after morning sex we would get to work.

By lunchtime we were ready for a break and we decided on sex before lunch. Then we would eat. We moved into my bedroom and stripped naked. We were both hard and our cocks bobbed in front of us. I got in bed and lay on my back. Michelle got in and lay beside me. He reached down and cupped my bloated balls. As he massaged my balls I felt like my entire body was on fire. His hand moved up and began to stroke me and I could feel the pre-cum he had created spread itself down my shaft. His finger grazed my dick-hole and the contact with my soft sensitive skin made me shudder. His one hand cupped my balls as his other seized my shaft and began to slide up and down stroking and squeezing it.

He re-positioned himself on my bed and then I felt his tongue begin to lap at my throbbing rod. His arms reached behind my legs and pulled me towards him while his tongue slid down to my rigid cock tasting me and sucking me. He took my balls in his mouth and pulled at them with his lips as my dick stiffened with my lustful pleasure. He sucked both balls into his mouth and his tongue danced across them in his warm mouth. I let out a low moan as his hands reached around under me to massage and squeeze my ass cheeks with his delicate hands. I felt that I could cum at any moment. 

"Get ready, I'm going to cum."

He engulfed me in his mouth. My swollen cock collided with the roof of his mouth as he swirled his tongue around it. He sucked me hard causing me to arch my hips and then his head bobbed up and down my shaft. His lips were twisting around the shaft of my cock and he plunged his mouth taking 3/4 of my cock then he re-chambered and plunged again. All of a sudden, he stopped and used his tongue to stroke the underside of my cock head driving me crazy.

He had me exactly where he wanted me and then he suddenly cupped my balls as his lips surrounded my cock and he sucked me toward him. I felt my release building inside of me and I exploded into his mouth. I groaned in immense pleasure as streams of hot cum landed against the roof of his mouth and the back of his throat. I felt his throat muscles contract as he drank it down and searched for more. His mouth never left me as he continued to suck on my cock. Finally, I couldn't cum anymore and my body tingled from head to toe.

As I lay there, I still felt the overwhelming pleasure of more bisexual sex. I watched as Michelle lay next to me and stroked his little cock. I saw him stiffen and then I watched as ropes and ropes of cum shot out of his cock and covered his body from his neck to his abs. I was still in awe of how much cum he could produce and it looked bizarre shooting out of his small pecker. We did not fuck then, deciding to save that for the evening. We got up, cleaned up, dressed and then ate lunch. After lunch it was back to work. While we were eating Michelle hit me with a question that was more of a request.

"Walt, do you think I could move into the other bedroom on a permanent basis. Now that the office is here, I'm here most of the time anyway."

"Wow, you caught me off guard with that."

"My apartment lease is up in a month. I could give you what I pay for rent to help with the condo costs."

"That is an interesting proposal, let me think about it."

We finished the admin work and we were ready for a drink. On Monday I would be checking with the larger consulting firms to see which RFP they would be responding to, also if they needed me as a subcontractor. Michelle moved his clean clothes into the second bedroom and then joined me for a drink. We sat in the living room, which was actually a great room by today's definition. 

"Any more thought about me moving into the condo?"

"Yes, and I think that it can work out but I have a few rules. First of all, I still date women. If I have a date back to the condo, I need you to stay in your room with the door locked until she leaves."

"You have my word, will you let me know in advance."

"Of course, another thing, I don't know if you have been seeing any guys locally. If you have, they cannot be invited here."

"I haven't been seeing anyone since we began having sex. Diana on our vacation was the only one. I understand fully, I will never invite anyone to the condo."

"Alright, we'll give it a try and I do hope it works out. You don't have to pay me what you paid for rent. You can pay for the association fees and the utilities."

"Wow, that's generous. That is about half what I pay in rent." 

"I don't feel like cooking. Should we call out for pizza?"

"Pizza is fine, we had Chinese yesterday."

"Want another beer?"

"Sure, I'll get them."

Michelle walked by me on his way to the kitchen. Every time I checked out his ass my loins stirred. Moving in with me could be very promising as his ass and mouth would be available to me at any time. It would be the best of both worlds for me, still dating women and having a marvelous ass to fuck. I just hoped that if he lived with me that I would not tire of him. Time would tell but for now it sounded like a good idea. I called out for pizza and we enjoyed that and a few more beers. Later it was time to turn in as we were both tired. He came to my room and I fucked him before we went to sleep. When I woke up Monday morning, Michelle was not in my bed and I assumed he had gone to what was now his bedroom. 

CRAZY MONDAY 

After I took my morning pee, I went to Michelle's bedroom. He was sleeping in the nude on his belly. His right knee was tucked under him slightly. The position emphasized his shapely ass and made it look even more desirable. I was also nude and I stroked my cock as my eyes fixated on the magnificent bottom. I approached the bed and saw the lube on the night table. Michelle had anticipated my visit. I lubed my cock and got in bed with him. 

I lubricated his anus and he never turned to look at me. He straightened out his right leg and pushed his ass up slightly. He didn't get on all fours but raised his ass enough to make it look irresistible. The effect was incredibly erotic and I straddled him easing my cock into him. Keeping my body weight off of him, I fucked him slowly and watched my cock slide in and out.

The entire scene was too much for me and I came quickly. I pressed down on him driving my cock all the way in and unleashed a massive amount of semen into his chute. Still keeping my weight off of him, I held the position as he used his sphincter to massage my shaft. Eventually, I pulled out and moved alongside of him. As he always did he rolled to his back and masturbated until he shot a huge load onto his body.

"Stay here, I'll get you a warm towel."

I went to the bathroom and brought back a warm towel for him to use. He cleaned his body and smiled at me and spoke.

"I think living here is going to work out for us."

"Well we are off to a good start. Let's get some breakfast and the we have a lot of contacts to make today."

We dressed in exercise pants and tees, ate breakfast and began what would be a marathon workday. One of the firms I contacted wanted me to subcontract with them for an engagement in Missouri. It was with the State Government and it was a big project. I would only have to be there a couple of days a week once we got the project underway. I would have to be there for the entire week to kick off the engagement.

There were a couple of other smaller engagements that we would bid on and I would serve as the engagement manager. We would have to use subcontractors again which would not be a problem. I always had business cards made up for the subs so they could present themselves as my employees. Michelle stayed busy all day cranking out the proposals and engagement letters. His graphics were superb and to look at the work, one would not assume that we were larger than two-person shop.

If we were awarded the engagements, I would be on the road quite a bit. It worked out with Michelle moving in because he would be at the condo most of the time. I would be home on weekends and he would be there to satisfy my needs. My first trip was to Missouri in a week and I would meet the project team. A woman named Dana would be the Project Manager and I would report to her. I needed to be there the first two weeks full time.

Following those two weeks, I would be in Missouri two days a week. I could begin the other engagements in three weeks. After an incredibly busy day, we ate dinner and later we had sex again. Michelle slept in his own bedroom now whether we had sex in mine or his. I actually liked that arrangement for weekdays.

CHANGING MOUNTS

The first week in Missouri was jam packed and our project team worked from 7:00 AM to 7:00 PM very day except Friday. I returned home on Friday and I was thankful to be able to relax and have sex with Michelle. On Sunday night I arrived back in Missouri. The second week was saner and we returned to more of a normal routine. On Wednesday evening, Dana and I had dinner together. After dinner we returned to the hotel.

"I feel like a nightcap but I don't want to go in the hotel bar. I wish I had a mini-bar in the room."

"I don't have a mini-bar either but I do have a bottle of wine in my room if you would like a glass," I offered.

She thought about it for a moment and then said, "Sure, I'd like that. I'll have to keep some in my room in the future."

We went to my room and I shed my suit jacket and tie. I opened the wine and poured a glass for both of us. Dana sat back in the chair and stretched her back and shoulders. Her mini skirt rode up and her long pretty legs were displayed. She was a very fit woman who worked hard to stay in shape. She jogged all the time and did hundreds of crunches to keep her tummy flat. She was a tall slender lady at 5'8" and about 130 pounds. Her tailored suit showed off her curves but she always looked very professional. I guessed her measurements to be 34-26-34.

She had light brown hair that she kept cut short in a pixie style and dark brown alluring eyes. I never looked at her sexually but for 45 years old she was pleasant to the eye. She was well educated and very smart. Dana had been married and divorced twice mainly due to her professional career and extensive travel. My thoughts were interrupted when she spoke.

"Let's get naked and have another glass of wine."

"Did I hear you correctly?"

"Yes!"

I was all for it as I was anxious to get a look at her naked and check out her curvy ass. I undressed as she did and we watched each other at the same time. Dana smiled when my underwear came off and she saw my cock in its flaccid state hanging between my legs. I anxiously waited until she turned her back to me so that I could see her naked ass. She turned to put her clothes on the chair and I was treated to a view of her amazing bottom. It was perfectly shaped seemed to reach out toward me. I secretly hoped that she liked anal sex.

"You know I don't usually do this. I mean that I don't sleep with people on the project team especially our employees," she announced.

"I haven't either."

"So we can make an exception this time but I need your promise to be discreet."

"You have my word. I do not tell tales out of school. Our sex lives should be our own business," I assured her while thinking she would be shocked to know about Michelle.

"Good I am glad that you agree," she said and then took another sip of her wine, "Let's take this to the bed. Get on your back."

She put her drink down on the nightstand, smiled at me and reached for my cock. "You have a nice cock," she told me just before she slid down and took it in her mouth.

I leaned back as her very skilled mouth got me hard within minutes. I put my drink down and put my hands in her pixie hair as her head bobbed up and down. Satisfied that I was sufficiently hard, Dana mounted me and lowered her dripping wet pussy onto my cock. She looked me right in the eye as she started to ride me and I knew that she was in desperate need of an orgasm. I reached up and played with her small tits and tweaked her hard nipples as she rode me. She was breathing hard and rapid as she approached her release. I looked into her eyes and I could see the lust in them. Then it happened.

"Oh God, oh God, oh, oh," she screamed as an orgasm of a massive proportion rocked her body.

She rode me through her orgasm and I felt my cock swimming in her pussy. She collapsed on my chest for several minutes until she composed herself. When she lifted herself off my cock I heard a distinct sucking sound as it was released from her pussy. We rested for several minutes, sipped our wine and chatted easily. Then we began playing with each other again and when I found her G-spot she came again. She held my hand tight to her pussy as she humped it vigorously. She stiffened and screamed as another orgasm rocked her.
