 "Those biceps are bulging out real well, mister. But I hope you know that these aren't the only inches a girl wants!" The thirst in his throat was nothing compared to the growing urge in Dave's loins.

"Man, I just love your puns!" Paul's words could barely be heard behind that hearty laughter. His face, now chiselled and glowing made him all the more attractive. Paul was a true creation to be worshipped. He wasn't all that smart but Dave could not cease to look at him panegyric.

"Well, umm... by the way, I was wondering how big you are down there?" Dave needed some serious balls to finally ask that; it had been around five semesters now.

"Is that all our ladies-man 'wonders'?" Even The Helen of Troy would simply pale against the laughter that Dave had fallen in love with. Dave's Indian friend was one hell of a jolly companion. And the way his eyes sparkled in the moonlight stroll they were taking: it was a wonder he could keep his hands of Paul. 

"Ha-ha-ha" mocking his laughter with an exasperated face, Dave continued to justify "It's just trivial."

"Umm, uhh... I was with this girl once, who said she wants to measure it before taking it in" Paul's grin alluded to what he did to the girl after that, "She said it was really big; said it was bigger than 'a throbbing eight inches' if i may quote" and the wink further zeroed in on that.

Dave felt an instant boner right then: overwhelmed as he was, he could not let Paul notice. "A great jock with a great cock: that's what i call a ladies-man." His face flushed and spine shivered. The ever-so-unrealistic erotica that he was used to reading began playing snippets of episodes in every vein that he could count. He felt week in his knees. He needed something to hold onto, and what could be better than that dreamy rod that the boys were talking about. There's this thing about Dave: his head doesn't stop thinking. His mind wanders off to places that are most inappropriate at the moment. He identified that his khakis will not be enough to hide his boner and found the need to walk bow-legged, just the way he would if he had his will come true: the will of doing really nasty things to his best friend right in the middle of the college campus grounds. 

Before his train of thoughts reached another station, it was brought to halt with Paul's voice, "Hey buddy buddy buddy, I'm not gay, alright. Let's just switch this conversation." Maybe Paul just noticed something in Dave, something abrupt. Or maybe it was the hotness of the world, packed in the breasts of the girl, approaching Paul. It was Mary, his girlfriend. It was definitely her.

"Relax man. It's just trivial, I told you", Surrounded by the idea of his erect cock, the recent knowledge of his friend's porn-like size, the way he would loathe that girl, and now her appearance at the most inappropriate time, Dave couldn't think of anything else to say.

The two friends bid farewell as the brown one was getting ready to fuck the brains out of his girlfriend, and the Caucasian just imagining how well he is going to masturbate upon reaching his dorm room.

Dave was a mental wreck, as a matter of fact. He was the most practical and logical of men Paul had ever met. Yet, the very aroma of this exotic hunk stunned the blood flowing to his head, and attracted the same to his crotch. 

Paul was 'cute, like really cute', as Dave defined him. But the glamour that surrounded him in the college was rather novice. He was sweet and simple, in most senses. But the constant teasing irritated him to his core. Paul used to be obese and weigh 190 pounds at the stature of a mere 5'7". But since the past year, he lost some 40 pounds and transformed completely. The excess mass seemed to have shifted entirely from his belly and sides to his chest and arms- the same arms that Paul discussed would grow around 15inches when flexed. 

This made him seem cool and the fellow peers wanted to hang out with him. In no time, he gained popularity amongst the ladies. A multitude of men were jealous of him now. But the only friend who never left his side was Dave. Little did he know that Dave was heavily infatuated by him. 

Dave too was cute, but in a rather boyish way. With the exception of his height, Paul was the perfect Adonis that his female companions wished for. He was robust, strong, masculine, chivalrous, and all other adjectives that they have wanted in their counterpart. The former, on the other hand, was the nerdy lad with the pretty eyes, who seemed like he could have been kicked around by each of the macho field-players. 

The following week both the boys enjoyed their sexual arousals in their own way. Paul had his first threesome with Mary and her cousin who had just returned from Copenhagen. Dave found enough reason to use his latest Signature Jack Harrer realistic dildo that he had ordered after saving two months of pocket money. This way he could have the illusion of being fucked by his best friend. 

His virgin ass was being prepared for an actual sex session for quite some time now. But his conscience was not just ready yet. He would have emptied about a gallon of cum to count 9 ejaculations. Relaxed, he was going through the daily horoscopes on his cell phone, unaware of what was about the happen after the door knock that he had just heard. 

As he got up to adjust the bed and hide the used tissues from his latest endeavour, he ran his eyes across the room to make sure it was presentable. Absentmindedly, he swung the door wide open to discover Paul standing on the other side, probably adjusting his balls. Instant-boner, once again! Dave could only smile at the contemplation of his palpitating urges. 

"Come on in", he threw the door wide open to let Paul enter. Amazed at how tidy the room was, Paul carelessly offered a randomly folded fabric and said "thanks for the shirt." His own shirt tightened with those muscle-pecs and his shorts exhibiting the perfectly shaped calves. He was doing really well at the gym, Dave surmised. And still, all Dave could think about was that he was just inches away from a massive cock: multiple inches bigger than his own. He had to grab it; he just had to. But if only his hands were puppets of his desire and not the caution that prevented them!

"It's soiled, though. I am sorry about that. I'll get you a new one come Sunday." Paul tried to rub off the stains with his fingers in spite of having tried the same with the detergent earlier that could be well smelt in the room since his arrival. 

Dave dismissed the apology "I don't wear it anymore. But I'm glad to see the amount of weight you have lost; even my shirt fits you well now." Not able to control himself, he rubbed Paul's left shoulder and slightly claimed with a half-smile "You look wonderful." 

"Two things: first, the shirt is tight around my chest, so no; I can't fit in your clothes yet. Secondly, I just broke up yesterday. So yeah, I'll let a bitch like you touch my muscles" Paul broke into another charming laughter, as he could not abstain from reacting to the reaction on Dave's face.

Just when he would break down in tears, Paul grabbed his mate by the arms and continued, "You mean the world to me. Don't you dare cry!" before the two embraced each other in a warm hug. Dave was whispered in the ears "I am sorry, but you look like such a bitch in heat, and the room smells of a week load of cum." If only the world could be as jovial and fun-loving as this Indian kid. 

Both friends laughed for a considerable while before they realized it was time they stopped to catch a break. Paul went on to speak "Well, I have a genuine apology though. I shouldn't have called you gay the other night." Dave was trying to figure out what was happening, but there wasn't a break in Paul's statements. 

"Mary told me to go away and fuck you, probably because she was jealous of you. While I thought she was calling me gay and so that clearly offended me. But later, this Friday, we had a threesome and she came out to me. She has been sexually involved with her cousin for quite some time now. And that's why I broke up with her." He relaxed to inhale from his mouth after the marathon of words, and moved on with a fishy smile, "And now I am all in, to discuss my dick with you."

Paul waited for Dave join in on the loud laughs, but was met with a stern questioning look "Why were you offended b being called gay?" Paul wouldn't have given a damn if it was one of his girlfriends to ask him that, but he had to be sincere when it concerned his best friend.

"I know you like men. And it does not affect me. You still mean the same to me; you always will." Dave did not reply. He could not reply: something was tugging at his throat, something that seemed to be filling his eyes with happiness Paul continued, "Don't you dare cry! I will not warn you again."

"You make my world brighter and more meaningful than these any of these sluts can. You want to know what I can do for you. Here's all of me, ripe for your taking. All yours" Paul waited for a reply. He took the first step then and brought Dave's hands over to his belt buckle and let it tread down slowly. 

Dave took a long deep breath and got in search of his companion's eyes. But they were nowhere to be found as Paul was soon pulling his shirt over his head and had thrown it onto the soiled one.

Paul said something, but Dave didn't hear it. He couldn't hear anything, for that matter, save his pounding heart, which made his pulse race. 

Although he was in haste ever since he knew his friend, he was slower in his approach now. He was slightly afraid of being disappointed. But he was all the more excited to know how he would react if his expectations fell short. 

In no more than a minute, he had a naked Paul standing right in front of him, while he h=was himself dressed in a pair of short shorts and a white vest that made his lanky body contrast to the muscle-god standing wide ahead of him. 

Once it was out there, Dave didn't even remember that it was about the size of the dick. The warmth of that tool had made him start stroking it already. He was not in this world; he was barely looking at Paul. With his eyes shut, he took out his own cock unconsciously. 

In no time, he was holding both their dicks and rubbing onto them in each hand. He was hard and naked already. But the climax was the way Paul's dick would just not stop growing. At one point, Dave held both these fuck-machines in his right hand; his left hand resting on Paul's chest, which was just as hard as the cocks down south. Paul didn't mind any of it; he was sure he was straight. The man had always considered Dave a sensible and practical man, and thought that his friend would know what he was up to. 

Soon, little-Paul was not little anymore. It demanded its own hand, and could now well reach Dave's ball, while Dave's dick could barely make it to half of Paul's. 

Dave removed the measuring-tape from right next to him in the drawer. Shit was about to get real. He measured himself to be 15cm while his friend was well, 21.5cm long. The girth of that thing was commendable as well. He measured the circumference, realizing at the same time that holding it, his middle finger barely touched his thumb, to be 17cm. 

He could feel a well-found orgasm just by reading the tape, which soon flew in the air as he got down on his knees. It was much bigger than he had anticipated. Right in front of his eyes was his dream, the dream he fantasized about for the past whole week. He was empty of thoughts, blank; and staring at the veins that popped up right on top of the cock. 

Paul was used to people being startled at the sight of his huge dick. He didn't find it difficult to accept a man in place of a woman. Dave held the dick from the base clenching on it with his fist and it was still bigger than he could fit in his mouth. He used his second hand grab on to the rest of it. His thumb could hardly touch his middle finger. Its tip was yet uncovered.

Not knowing what had gotten into him, Dave licked the peehole, and suddenly looked up at Paul afraid of being denied. This was the first time the two made eye-contact that day. It was also the first time Dave's eyes glistened more than Paul's. Somehow, he seemed lost and stood expressionless. Dave's fear didn't show itself, but he sensed something worse.

Meanwhile, in that one second of looking up at Paul, he was already sucking on the tip of the cock. Slowly increasing his reach up to the base, he released his left hand and started wanking himself and still sucking well.

Only after half of that monster, Dave seemed to be giving up. He felt a firm push on the back of his neck; Paul's affirmation made it steamy once again, but also, a tear rolled down Dave's eyes, who couldn't catch a breath. Going on at it, choking several times, Dave could now hear Paul moan and enjoy. He felt romantic out of nowhere.

But his thoughts seemed to be in disagreement with his joy. A gust of thoughts just wisped by, making him realize that his first encounter might be his biggest one; one he shall never get to try again.

He was determined to make the most of it. Gradually, his pace of sucking was not controlled by him. He did not feel hurt anymore. He didn't want to not feel hurt. He enjoyed pain, be it in his throat or his ass. 

With one hand on Paul's thighs and lips on Paul's massive dick, he shoved up a finger in his asshole, which would soon be Paul's as well. While the second finger just made entry, the right hand would have barely touched his own cock when he ejaculated successfully. He didn't cum a lot, being all used up in the past week. So the few drops landed right on the floor beneath, between his knees. 

With this, Dave began moaning with his friend's dick in his mouth. He was practically humming and the new-found vibrations made Paul release pre-cum. Paul did not resist his drive and went with the flow. He raised Dave by placing his own arms next to his armpits and pulling him up. With an ass as lubricated as his tongue, he got up only to bend down. 

What he forgot was Paul was not new to this game, he very well knew what sex meant, and how well he could fuck with his heavenly gift. Paul lifted Dave from his waist and placed him on the bed, just in position to be fucked like a bitch. The virgin bottom was trembling with fear and much more than that, by the idea of being fucked so bad that he might not walk proper for the next week.

While he could just imagine the beast inside him, the beast had already attacked. It was right at the doorway, about to enter. The first experience means a lot, he realized it long ago; but he surrendered to it today. 

Paul was as gentle as he could be: Going in really slow, allowing the ass to relax, and withdrawing wherever need be. It was in; he could feel the dick struggling its way inside. He knew what a dildo felt like in the ass, but this was so much bigger. No! Paul isn't merely a bigger dildo replacement. Paul was the pretty Indian that he could look at all day long.

Paul, on the other hand was enjoying that ass really well. He knew his girlfriend had the perfect bazonkas, but he had never felt an ass wrapped around his dick. It felt different, it felt better. Paul had never imagined spanking the ass of his best friend, but he did, and he wanted to do it again.

A twist of emotions gyrated around Dave. He did not want to be the bitch anymore. He has dreamt of the dick too much to have forgotten that he was in love. What he felt was his love, was now just a streak of lust. He felt disgusted. His eyes were not sad, just empty. 

His asshole was being rammed better that he could have surmised. Though His dick was just a few inches away, it did not get that vibe: His boner gone. He knew it was kisses and hugs that he always wanted; the face-fucking and the licking was simply a phase. He knew that he had to just let it be, stay there till it finished. He didn't feel a thing except the dick in his ass going harder every time, interspersed with the buttocks being squeezed as he was fucked doggy-style.

Dave had a great ass anyhow. He may not be all muscular or hung or popular, but his ass was phenomenal. Paul could not stop playing with the buns. The fucking was secondary to all the joy that the spanking brought him. 

Dave was utterly disheartened when he felt something more than the obvious. Paul had just bent over to reach Dave's neck, and continued to whisper, "I'm pulling out"

He was sensible; he must have noticed the disinterest on his partner's part. Dave was glad again. Still he was not so obliged when it actually began; Paul was in fact, withdrawing. This isn't supposed to end like this! 

No, he must stay: it has got to get back to the way it started. Dave was stunned. After all, he was straight; what was he thinking about. There was no way any good could have come out of it. He should have known. Oh man, the evening was taking all those turns that he did not bother considering earlier.

Paul's huge package was out there once again, trying to reach his knees. He held Dave from his waist and threw him against his back on the bed. He bent over once again, his monstrous cock digging his lover's naval. Dave touched those robust arms as his chest inflated to its full limit.

For a change, he could not imagine anything that could happen. He just lay there, with his ass and his lungs each trying to breathe alternatively. And Paul lay above him, his happy face staring right into those unacknowledged blue eyes: they were not sad or empty or lonely anymore, just soothing.

He thrust his lips and then his tongue; not knowing why he wanted to kiss a guy all of a sudden. He did not feel ashamed or confused or scared. He just felt like kissing and he did. Maybe he was not as smart as Dave, and he did not think as quick as Dave, but it all seemed to turn out for the better.

His lips were soft, nothing like Dave expected. The tongue seemed skilled and knew its way. He felt like all life was being sucked out of him. He felt it in his ankles, his knees, his lower back, and all the way to the apex of his dick. His cock was growing firm, but there wasn't any instant-boner this time. The kiss felt like it could last a lifetime and that would still not be enough. Neither wanted it to end. 

They held each other's faces, grazed their fingers through their hair, and would just kiss, with trying to catch some breath in between only to continue the kisses. It was not sexual anymore, it was sensual now. Yet, their shafts were erect and their goose bumps visible. Absolutely involuntary was how Dave raised his legs up in the air offering his ass to Paul. 

He was week in his knees and his body wanted that glass of hot molten chocolate. He broke his knees to get them interlocked by Paul's elbows. He was never messed up about his decisions, and that made him so very confident about himself. He knew it wasn't the same when he was around Paul; but he was ready to feel anything when he was around his lover, his love.

Paul knew well how to fuck, but a man's body is different from a woman's. He could not reach the ass and kiss at the same time. His short height did not help. But nothing was out of reach of his huge cock. They were both having difficulty doing it, but this time, they had each other. It was clear that they need not enjoy the pain when just looking at the other made them so content. And thus began around round of fucking. 

Right when he drew out his dick, Dave farted and clenched his eyelids, ashamed of what had happened. His embarrassment was interfered with laughter, one he so distinctly remembered. It was Paul of course. Dave could hear it louder than ever, now that they were so close. Another voice, his own this time, whispered in his own ears was a very subtle 'I love you'.

Paul stopped laughing. "Oh shit! Did he hear that?" Dave spoke in head, he had started thinking again. There was no stopping his stupid train of thoughts anymore. He started abusing himself and decided to apologize.
