 NOTE: I hope this chapter isn't too kinky for those of you who enjoyed the first two chapters, but if it is, I encourage you to read it anyway even if only for the plot resolution.

-----

What happened after that Super Bowl weekend taught me a lot. The most amazing thing to me was not just that Damon committed to loving me; it was how smoothly and comfortably he slipped right into living openly in a gay relationship with me. I'd had so many worries and fears about how to live my own life, worrying about how to come out to people, worrying about how others would react to me, about rejection, even possible violence toward me. Damon on the other hand just changed his life overnight and never even raised an eyebrow.

After identifying as a purely straight man all his life, it was even more amazing to me what a non-issue it was for Damon to fall in love with a boy. I think most males would have freaked out, panicked, had a tragic crisis of identity, crying all over themselves in self-absorbed misery, wondering, "Why me?!" But that wasn't Damon. His attitude proved that he's an actual real man, not a collection of imitated behaviors. Clearly it takes great confidence to so graciously accept such an unexpected and stigmatized reality, and Damon didn't hesitate for an instant to show his love for me. For this reason, and a thousand others, Damon is a devastatingly amazing man.

I officially moved in with Damon when my 6-month lease expired, just a few weeks after that first, unforgettable night we spent together. I was amazed at how quickly our bond strengthened. We both just had to spend all our time together, and we did, every single night. I was truly living my fantasy life. I was finally experiencing all the wonderful emotions, the sweet romantic moments, big and small, the companionship, and yes, the sex, that previously I only yearned for. I very quickly became totally attached to Damon, compelled to please him in every way, and he took full advantage of that.

Just as I was bound to him in my own way, Damon's tie to me was equally strong, but had a very different manner of expression. I don't think Damon noticed himself becoming so extremely possessive of me in just the first few days of our romantic relationship. He would constantly have his hands on me when we were together. Even out in public, there was always an arm around my shoulders or sides, holding me next to him, or a hand near my neck, subtly guiding my direction. Like I said, I don't think he noticed how frequent these gestures were. It seemed to be his natural instinct to behave that way with the one he loved. It was that primal part of his mind that needed to let everyone, me included, know, "This is mine. Don't touch."

In private also, he frequently reminds me that I am his. When we're watching something on the television, he holds me on top of him, lying on the couch. Sitting on the love-seat, he holds me tight, squished between him and the armrest. Every night, before we go to sleep, he pulls me over to his side of the bed and holds me however he wants. Maybe he doesn't notice how often he does these things, but I do, every single time. And I cherish each and every one of them. I love being Damon's!

Of course, sex was another story all together. In the bedroom, Damon was totally deliberate in and aware of his dominance. When it's just the two of us in our apartment, let me tell you, that man makes my world turn, day and night! How better for Damon to assert his dominion than to grab me, throw me down right there on the spot, wherever in the apartment we are, get on top of me, and then to get inside of me? To open my hole up and to carve out a cozy, warm home for that huge fuck rod of his in my butt. To ram it in repeatedly, making me feel it, ensuring there can be no question nor doubt about who's the man in the relationship. And ultimately, to breed my ass with his warm, juicy cum.

Damon could not only fuck me into unearthly physical pleasure, but he was also able to fuck me into genuine submission, which gives me the most intense rushes of my life. I'm still rather shy, but when we're in bed, Damon fucks that shyness right out of me. He can turn me into such a cock-addicted slut that you'd think my last fix was months ago, when in actuality it was probably just last night, or maybe only an hour ago.

We just celebrated our first anniversary, partly with something special I'd planned in hopes of making it the perfect night for Damon. I wanted him to be so happy he'd never forget it. I got home early from work and tried to distract myself with the television while I waited near the window so I could see Damon pulling in to his parking spot. When he finally arrived, I started to get ready. I'd had a persisting erection all day long from anticipating the coming moments! At last, I was going to get release. I had an anxious, eager feeling that tonight would be something spectacular.

I hurried to the bedroom and stripped off all my clothes and threw them into the laundry hamper. I went to the drawer in my nightstand and pulled out the special surprise inside of the plastic Victoria's Secret bag I got while shopping last week.

I was thinking to myself, "I can't believe I'm actually doing this," as I put on the hot pink girls' panties. They were thin and satin, and like a bikini they covered my thighs very little. The panties were almost uncomfortable, fitting so snugly against my shaved completely hairless dick, balls and butt that my hard-on was restrained over to my left thigh.

Damon had playfully suggested the idea of me wearing girls' underwear for him a few times in the past, but I wasn't 100% sure he was serious about it at first. Plus I felt a bit awkward about it, so I avoided the subject, and Damon stopped asking. It's not that I didn't want to do it; if he'd asked even just one more time I think I would have agreed. I sincerely enjoyed doing anything that would bring my man pleasure. I'd just never been into cross-dressing or anything, so it was a very new and foreign idea. But his suggestion kept playing in my mind as I wondered if it was something he actually wanted me to do for him.

A big part of how we've learned about each other's sexual desires has been the two of us sitting together, often naked, reading erotic stories on the Internet. Two weeks ago, I was sitting on Damon's lap while we read a fantasy story that had strong elements of emasculation. It was obvious from the movement going on underneath me that Damon was enjoying the humiliation of the guy being dressed up in slutty feminine attire. Damon didn't bring it up again, but he didn't have to. Right then, I knew he'd really enjoy it, and I knew I wanted to do this for him.

After adjusting the panties, I put on the little black leather collar Damon had bought for me. Written on the tag were the words, "DAMON'S BITCH". I smile whenever I look at it, and when it's around my neck, I always feel so good. Damon knows I love it, and it's obvious how much he likes me in it, too. I attached the matching leather leash to the collar and secured the other end to the wooden bedpost at the head of the bed. I got up on the bed on all fours facing the open bedroom door, and waited nervously for Damon to come in to take a shower like he usually does.

I felt really vulnerable in that position, wearing what I was wearing. I think it was just because I was nervous that I was suddenly doubting my interpretation of Damon's desire for me to wear this. I quickly lost my hard-on from the sudden fear that my man wouldn't enjoy this. I can't explain why, because it's simply not logical, but I couldn't help it. I suppose I've always done this. I devise a rational plan, and feel confident in it. When I enact the plan though, 100 alternate possibilities, and impossibilities, no matter how unrealistic, flood my mind. Then I freak out, feeling like I hadn't thought things over enough, certain that the worst case scenario is actually far worse than I'd imagined, and that it's also the most likely one.

I heard the front door open, then close, and Damon called out, "Hey, Eddy! I'm home!" I stayed quiet, partly because I wanted to be a total surprise, and partly because I was almost hoping that I'd luck out due to some unexpected turn of events deterring Damon from coming in, allowing me to scratch the whole plan and reconsider the idea.

No such luck though. When Damon walked in only seconds later, I made eye contact briefly with him, smiling nervously and hopefully, then looked down at my hands, waiting for his reaction. He didn't say anything, and I was too scared to look at him. In the next few agonizingly long seconds, Damon still silent, I figured he must've been disgusted with me or something. I hated myself at that moment. I felt I'd just ruined our anniversary night. Feeling like I was about to cry, I closed my eyes tight as I wondered how I could have been so stupid.

Suddenly, my butt was roughly squeezed and rubbed. Encouraged by this gesture, I looked up at Damon's face and saw his mouth slightly open, breathing deeply but quietly, and there was lustful wonder in his eyes. With his other hand, he grabbed his already very hard dick in his black track pants. He glanced down at me with a smile that told me he was very pleased, and I knew I'd just let my fears get the best of my reason after all.

I returned a shy smile, both relieved and thrilled, but mostly proud of myself that I turned him on that much, that quickly. He went from completely soft to rock hard in no more than 15 seconds. I bowed my head again as he took his shirt off and then returned to feeling my ass. He started roughly playing with my butt through the panties which made my little hole so horny, starting to itch and burn for him. My eyes closed, my jaw went slack, and I whimpered a little as I nuzzled my right cheek up against his hard abs, and I let myself enjoy his manipulating touch.

I was already panting with lust. As much I enjoy foreplay, I was way past it by that point. My own foreplay had taken place throughout the day, since I woke up, so my pussy was fully primed to be torn up real bad. I just wanted his big dick deep inside of me, stretching me out, fucking me, breeding me. My left hand went up to squeeze his hard dick through the nylon material, desperately wanting Damon to use me for its pleasure. It's my number one priority in life these days to give my man pleasure.

My big black muscle stud gruffly pushed my head down to his great bulge which I kissed and mouthed in a display of my respect. I dutifully worshipped him, hoping to be given permission to reach into his pants and pull out the 10 thick inches he kept there, and make out with each and every one of them.

His rough stimulation of my hole was driving me into a haze of submission and desire to please. He harshly ground my face into his crotch for a few minutes as he squeezed, pinched and smacked my butt, which nearly made me cum without even touching myself. When he pulled away, I nearly fell off the bed, mindlessly following his dick. I regained my balance on the bed, sitting like a dog, and looked up at Damon, wondering why he took his dick away from me. He was smiling and chuckling in amusement at my inability to resist my desire for him.

He spoke for the first time, confidently in charge as always, "Get on the floor, on your knees, bitch."

"Yes, Sir." I eagerly complied, moving quickly.

As I got down on my knees next to the bed, a couple feet in front of Damon, he took off his pants and threw them near me, landing with a quiet thud. He stood in only his tight, dark blue, elastic boxer briefs. That hard piece of meat of his was bulging between the underwear and his right leg. I could clearly see all those spidery veins spread out across the long and thick shaft. He squeezed and stroked it as he walked closer to me, putting his perfect male equipment just inches from my face. Seeing his hard cock and heavy, hanging balls jam-packed into his boxer briefs like that gets me so turned on I drool. Damon is very aware of my uninhibited, desperate need for his manhood, and he often uses this knowledge against me.

In a low, sexy voice, he told me, "Since you're bein' good so far, I'll let you pull my underwear off, but don't touch my dick yet."

I looked up at him and answered gratefully, "Yes, Sir. Thank you, Sir."

I was delighted just to have the privilege of taking off my man's underwear, and I of course took great care to not let my fingers come anywhere near his dick as I slid his tight underwear down his huge legs and off his size 13 feet, leaving a servile kiss with each one. The very moment his dick came into view, my eyes became transfixed on it. My gaze didn't waver even while I wadded his boxer briefs up and crammed them against my nose and open mouth, inhaling my man's scent. Damon let me sniff the strong smell of his sweat from his underwear for a moment before he grabbed it from me and threw it to the side.

He snickered and said, "You'll get your face in the real thing soon enough, bitch."

He grabbed his cock around its thick base with his right hand and began bouncing and waving it around, teasing me unmercifully, knowing I couldn't take my eyes off it. I have a hopeless addiction to his huge black cock and perhaps more importantly, the narcotic juice it feeds me. Knowing this all too well, Damon has grown a fondness for teasing me.

My eyes were fixed on it. Wherever it went, my eyes followed. I put my hands on Damon's muscular, warm thighs and tore my eyes away from his dick for just a split-second to glance up into his eyes, silently begging for it. I wanted it in my mouth so bad, but I knew better than to try to suck it without permission, so I remained on my knees, waiting for my man's next order.

Damon just kept staring down at me with a cocky and somewhat contemptuous smile, waving his fat, veiny dick around close to my face only stopping to show it off and stroke himself seductively. I was salivating for his dick to be in my mouth so that I could make it feel good for my big, strong protector.

He continued on with this teasing for a strangely long time, at least a couple of minutes, and I was becoming desperate. I didn't know what to do, but I had to do something. I glanced up into his eyes once more, but he gave no reaction. I returned to staring at my muscle god's appendage which had become the embodiment of my every desire, studying its perfection for the thousandth time. In an act of urgent desire, I looked up into the eyes of the dark, powerfully built giant towering over me one last time as I opened my mouth and tentatively tried to move it over onto his dick. Knowing I'm not supposed to, like a kid testing his daddy, going for a piece of candy with him watching, I slowly inched closer to my sweet XXXL jawbreaker.

But as I did, he stepped back slightly out of my reach. My eyes fixed themselves back onto his menacing dick, my wistful gaze now totally unwavering. He continued arrogantly showing off his amazing dick, and I moved forward on my knees in order to again try to take his dick into my mouth. As my mouth got close though, Damon used his hand to move his dick away so that my mouth would miss its target, while he simultaneously took another very small step backwards. 

Like a dog going after a trail of treats, I impulsively and thoughtlessly followed him, and I again tried to take it into my mouth, but his dick dodged me and he took a small step back just like before. I quickly moved forward on my knees again, and for the fourth time his dick evaded my mouth as Damon took another step in reverse.

We both repeated this process over and over again, each of us accelerating each time. I was on my knees lunging forward to his dick. Damon would in-turn recede and move my treat away at the same time. With each repetition, neither of us moved more than a few inches, but each time Damon's hand ensured that I'd miss my goal. I started going for it faster and faster, absolutely intent on having my reward, but he was dodging and stepping away quicker than me. I could hear him chuckle each time I jumped for it, turning me on even more, exacerbating my dilemma.

After I'd jumped for it at least 30 times in about as many seconds, we were far away from the bed, almost in the hallway. I again quickly went for that beautiful monster that had always given me so much pleasure, and Damon again dodged, but this time he took a wide step backwards. I immediately sprung toward his dick for the final attempt, and as the tip of my tongue came within an inch of it, I noticed Damon hadn't moved it out of the way at all, and I was elated that he was going to let his doggy have his treat.

And then when I was only a split second from tasting my reward, my throat was harshly strangled and I was suddenly snapped down to the ground! Damon laughed loudly and deviously as I realized the leash was still attached to the bedpost. I felt humiliated, ashamed, and so incredibly turned on.

This was genuine torture, the worst thing I've ever experienced. I got back up on my knees and faced Damon, my hands at my sides. I knelt, trying to be patient, but after some 30 more seconds of Damon continuing to tease me by stroking his dick, I started to get really anxious. I was already extremely turned on, and I admit, I'm not the most patient submissive. I again looked up to his face, searching for an explanation of why he was depriving me of his thick dick, but I was given no reason. When I looked back down, I saw a big, gleaming drop of pre-cum forming at the end of the long shaft. Damon never kept it from me this long, and I couldn't take it anymore.

I bursted into begging, "Damon! Sir! Please! Please let me suck your cock, Sir! I need it, please!"

Damon stepped forward as he replied incredulously, "You need it? So what, bitch."

I was stunned. He'd never before denied me his cock after I begged for it. My eyes focused on the long and hard cock in front of me. I wanted it so bad, I just couldn't understand the denial, and I was so in heat I went crazy for his dick.

I lunged for Damon's hard and thick cock, but I was intercepted by a hard smack across my left cheek which stung all over. It surprised me so much I fell forward onto my hands and noticed my dick had begun to form a dark wet spot in the front of the feminine underwear I was wearing. I got my breath back and returned to my place on my knees, and that huge black dick was staring me in the face again, and I was again salivating for it to be in my mouth.

"Forgetting your place, bitch?"

I hung my head, eyes closed, and whined in frustration, "I'm sorry, Sir. I just... I need it so bad." Barely realizing it, I started gently stroking my own desperately throbbing hard-on through my hot pink panties.

"Hands off that little cock," Damon ordered. I was so lost in my own arousal I couldn't get my hand to obey quickly enough for Damon, so I received another hard slap to my face. It turned me on so much I started stroking myself even faster and Damon quickly smacked the other side of my face, but that only ignited a wildfire in my loins as I jacked off feverishly like some defiant little monkey begging for discipline.

Damon snapped me out of my delirium when he rougly grabbed my hands and picked me up, turned me around and carried me to the bed as I struggled in his grip, knowing how futile it was. He sat down on the edge of the bed and pulled me down over his knee, then captured both my wrists behind my back in his right hand.

"Damon, don't! Plea—Owww!" He began spanking me hard.

After a few swats had begun to bring tears to my eyes, he demanded loudly, "Bitch! You do as I say!"

"Yes, Sir! I'm sorry!"

"Who's your daddy, boy?"

"You are!"

He smacked my butt again, hard, and ordered me, "Say it, pussyboy."
