 Note: This is a very short story that goes back in time, between chapters 2 and 3. Also, I always appreciate feedback but sadly I will probably not be able to read any for this story for a while because I'm moving today and will have very limited internet access, which is also why it's unlikely I will write more for a very long time, if at all. But I hope you enjoy this story. Peace and love be with all of you eternally.



I had been living with Damon since our first night together a week before this. It was Friday night and though we didn't talk about it, we both knew we were gonna be staying up all night fucking. I got home in the late afternoon and found Damon washing off after a long day working at the gym. He was facing the wall of the big open shower with clear doors.

I got undressed and quietly opened the door, stepping inside and wrapping my arms around his stomach from behind. He turned around with a big smile and held me to his wet hard body.

"What's up, baby," he said before taking my mouth with his tongue, his hands already possessively grabbing my body, a particular focus on my ass. Once he broke the kiss I went straight to worshiping his buff chest, moaning as I pressed my lips to each meaty pec muscle and then sucking on his small hard nips. I already knew how much Damon enjoyed how I loved the muscles he worked so hard on. Normally I might have attended his strong biceps and sexy armpits too but I was so eager for his dick I couldn't wait.

I kissed down his body, keeping my eyes on Damon's as I dropped to my knees in front of him, wasting no time in taking his balls into my mouth. He moaned with approval as he stared down at me with appreciation for my loving adoration. I held on to his muscled buns and the back of his thighs and one at a time I kissed and bathed each ball in my mouth.

My sexy black stud lover moaned with pleasure as he grabbed a fist full of my hair and pulled my mouth up to his hot black cock staring me in the face. Never one to keep my man waiting, I quickly began licking and kissing the head of his dick. Still looking up at him submissively, I could see in his eyes I was bringing him great pleasure, the thought of which brought my own erection to full attention between my legs.

"Yeah, suck my dick, bitch," Damon ordered while pushing me back against the tile wall of the shower. He hadn't called me a bitch before but there was no arguing with it; I obviously was exactly that, but at the time it still felt more than a little bit degrading. Without any warning he began roughly dicking my throat as he stood tall above me. He held the sides of my head as he slowly yet aggressively pumped my throat with his thick member. He was not rapidly thrusting but he allowed me no time to adjust as he used my windpipe to massage his fat cock. Soon I was running out of breath but Damon was taking even more pleasure in my discomfort, and somehow it excited me even more to be used like this.

I could feel his ass flexing in my hands and I watched his torso muscles bulge as he began to fuck my throat faster but soon he was at the edge and forced himself to stop before cumming. Damon pulled out of my mouth, finally allowing me to gasp for breath. When I looked back up at him he was smiling, showing off his perfect teeth, as he began smacking my face with his heavy dick. I whimpered a little, confused at how he was treating me so roughly, but also very excited by it.

Damon grabbed me by the hair again and pulled me to my feet in front of him but still pressing me against the wall. He took my chin in his hand and forced his tongue into my mouth again, kissing me roughly as I held onto his body and moaned for more.

With one hand still gripping me by the chin, the other kneaded my ass and his stare pierced into my eyes as he asked, "You're my bitch, right?"

I looked away, knowing the answer but not sure how to respond. "I..."

He smacked my ass sharply, stinging me and he demanded, "Answer me, bitch."

The surprising slap brought me to a response quickly this time, "Yes! I... I am."

He lifted my chin and told me, "Look at me and say it, bitch boy."

It was hard to meet his dark eyes staring at me, but I complied. "Yes, Daddy, I'm your bitch." I felt a little debased saying this but at the same time there was a definite thrill. And yet, even that little tinge of humiliation seemed to go away when he smiled and kissed me again, more gently this time.

When his lips left mine he said tenderly, still gazing into my eyes, "I love you, bitch." A big smile plastered his face as he told me this and as always I couldn't help but smile back, despite having admitted to being his bitch.

He gave me one last kiss before roughly turning me around and pushing me against the wall again, his hard body pressing into mine from behind. He kissed my shoulder to my neck and up to my ear, gently nibbling there as I moaned, the heat rising intensely in my cock. It took him only a moment to soap us both up and get the head of his cock inside my eager hole.

"Oh yeahhh," I groaned as he slowly slid the full length of his dick inside of me. I reveled in the feeling of every inch splitting me open, warming the inside of my ass. Damon kissed the side of my face and wrapped his arms around my chest and stomach as he began to thrust slowly at first, and then gradually becoming rapid. I automatically pushed back to meet each thrust, loving how his big dick ravaged my willing ass.

My moans filled the shower as he began fucking me harder and harder until he was hammering me so hard my entire body shook from each thrust. Damon expertly used his cock to stroke my sweet spot repeatedly, putting me in a deep heat. He was silent as he took me but I could feel the intensity of his stare from behind; I could feel what he wanted to do to me and it was working.

I couldn't help myself when I began first moaning it and then screaming for him to fuck his bitch. I felt pathetic as I begged, "Yeah, Daddy, fuck me! Make me your bitch!" But at the same time it felt great and so right to be taken like that.

Damon did exactly as I asked and pounded my ass so hard my eyes were tearing up from the immense pleasure. He brought his lips to my ear and kissed gently, whispering, "You love being my bitch, huh?"

I screamed again in response, "Yes, Daddy, I love it! Fuck your bitch, Daddy!"

He continued to do just that and I felt him getting close, the cum in my own cock already about ready to erupt when one of his hands grasped my bouncing cock and began stroking it. I moaned and whimpered as my eyes rolled back and I saw a bright white light, my orgasm wracking my body as I shot all over the wall. My hole having begun to grip his cock in a vice, Damon was grunting in my ear with each heavy thrust and soon I felt his hot cum coating my insides.

After pumping slowly a few more times, we both were slowly coming off our orgasms but Damon kept his dick inside of me as he began kissing my lips, holding our bodies close together. His body resting against mine as he spoke, "Fuck, baby, you're so hot when you're on my dick."

I moaned appreciatively, my heart warming at his compliment, so pleased to be good for him, and it warmed even more when he grasped my chin and brought me to look back into his eyes, "I love you, baby."

"I love you too, big Daddy." I smiled and nuzzled against him, taking solace in his strong body and gentle hold.

Our bodies warmed vibrantly together as we kissed again and I know we both felt each other's deeply powerful love in our hearts.