 "Take off your clothes" he told me, and I nodded and began to strip. I was really nervous and horny. I was scared, too, but I was so excited! When I finished, I looked up at him, sitting there watching me. "Turn around and bend over, bitch!" he said, and I immediately did as he said. "Spread your ass cheeks and let me see what I'm going to be fucking." 

Reaching back, I spread my ass cheeks wide. I wet one finger in my mouth and rubbed it around my tight little asshole, letting it slip in up to the first knuckle on every third or fourth little circle. "That's a good little bitch. Go and clean up. I want you to shave every thing."

I went and took a long hot bath, and afterward I shaved my legs. Then I shaved all the hair from around the base of my cock, and shaved my balls. Then I carefully shaved all around my asshole. I was so horny; I really couldn't help jack my cock just a little bit. I rubbed lotion into my skin all over, put on a robe and met my lover back in his bedroom.

"Let me see you" he said. I dropped the robe to the floor. "On your knees! NOW! Stick your little pussy up in the air. Good" He kneeled down and showed me a squat little butt plug. "Show me what a horny little slut you are." Kneeling on my knees and elbows, with my shaved asshole sticking up in the air, I started to suck the rubber cock like a whore, getting it nice and wet. I moaned and looked upwards toward him, hoping his cock was getting hard under his jeans. I thought I could see a bulge in his pants! Then, I slowly rubbed the tip of the plug around my anus. It felt so good! I got desperate and just started shoving it in and out, a little at a time, grinding my ass around and getting really hot. 

"That's it, get it ready for my thick cock, bitch." Finally I had it all the way in. When he saw this, he grabbed me by the arm and said, "don't let go of it" and walked me over to a wooden chair, which was old looking and seemed very sturdy. "Sit" he ordered. I did so, trying to spread my ass so the plug could be forced deeper inside me. My heart began to race as he tied one ankle, then the next, to the legs of the chair. Then he tied my arms to my sides, and then tied my midsection to the back of the chair. I tried to press my ass down on the seat, to get the plug in deeper. It felt good, but I wished it were bigger.

"Now little whore, tell me what you want" 

"Oh god" I replied, "I really want to suck your big, sexy dick. I want to taste it, to feel how thick it is in my mouth. I want to suck your cock all night long, baby." 

"Oh, you do? Do you think I should let you? I couldn't answer him.

"What about your ass? Tell me." he demanded.

"Uhhmm, I can't wait for you to stretch my asshole with your sweet dick. I want you fuck my ass as hard as you want to. As deep as you want to. I want to slam my asshole down on your cock."

He knew exactly what he was doing- my words, my desires were making my cock very hard, and his too.

He walked in front of me and dropped his pants. His hard cock popped up and I actually gasped. It was so beautiful. Not gigantic, but very big looking, owing to its thickness. It was very veiny, and dark- colored. And he had the juiciest, roundest head. His balls were thick, and hung well below the base of his cock. God I couldn't wait to suck on it, to be his little cock-sucking whore.

"This is what you need, isn't it?" he asked. I just bit my lip and nodded.

"Lick my asshole, and we'll see if you get to suck any cook tonight" He turned around and bent slightly at the waist. He reached back and pulled my head forward, till my nose and mouth were buried in his musky smelling ass crack. "Lick it good bitch"

I love licking ass more than anything, but had never done it to a man before. I was going insane with lust. I would do whatever I had to to be filled with his beautiful cock. Obviously, he knew this. And so I licked him. I made long wet strokes up and down, from his balls to his tailbone. He groaned while I swirled my tongue around, making it into a hard point so I could penetrate him with it. He pushed his asshole back onto my tongue as he held my head in place. I felt like such a slut and loved it! Suddenly, he turned around and presented his very hard cock to my mouth. I moaned and as I opened my mouth he shoved it in very deep. As I was pretty new to cocksucking, I wasn't sure what to do. He knew what he wanted though, and held my head with both hands while fucking my mouth. I, being tied, couldn't do anything anyway, except take it as well as I could.

"Yes, you little cock sucker, take it! You like getting your mouth fucked like cheap whore don't you bitch!"

"Umh hmh," was all I could manage while he fucked my throat. I was so happy; I was finally getting what I wanted. The dildo in my ass felt good and I love the feel and taste of his big dick. " I'm going to come," he cried, and pulled back from my mouth. He jerked his big dick two or three times with his fist, and sent thick spurts of hot come across my face and into my wide-open mouth. He came a lot, coating my face. When he stopped coming, he said, " Just keep sucking baby, that's it." 

He had only lost a little of his hardness. Now I could suck him the way I wanted to, although my hands were tied. With his come all over my face, I moved my mouth up and down and swirled my tongue around the head. I released his cock from my mouth and licked his balls and sucked them into my mouth, one and then the other. I planted wet kisses all over it while he held it for me to worship. I loved this and never wanted to stop. Very soon he was rock hard again.

"Ready to get your little ass fucked?" he asked with a smile. "If that pleases you," I replied. He carefully untied me and led me over to the bed. "On your knees" He played with my ass plug, twisting it and pushing and pulling on it. "Do you want my cock?"

"Yes, I want it, I want you to fuck me now, please" He pulled the dildo from my ass, and laughed. "Spread your cheeks for me little whore" I Reached back, my chest on the mattress and my knees spread, and spread my asshole wide for him. "Please fuck me with you big cock, I can't wait any longer."

"Ok" he said. He began to rub the head of his cock up and down my asshole. Then very gently, he pushed it in. The fat head went in easily. He laughed.

"You're so horny for my cock, aren't you?"

"Yes, I want it so bad, please fill my ass up" He slowly pushed the rest of his hard cock into my tight asshole. When he was all the way in, he whispered in my ear, "I am going to fuck your asshole as long, and as deep, and as hard as I want to. I won't stop, so don't even bother asking" Tears rolled down my face mixing with the come I was not allowed to wipe off, and I told him. "I want you to. I want you to fuck my ass good and hard, baby. Soon he began to saw his dick in and out, slowly pickup up speed as I got used to his beautiful thickness. I was in heaven! 

"Oh yeah fuck my ass!" I cried out. He fucked me so good, sometimes nice and hard, and then slowing down so he wouldn't come, driving me crazy with every inch of his hot tool. "I love fucking your hot little asshole" he whispered in my ear while he plowed me. I pushed and twisted my ass back at him, determined to make him as crazy with my hot asshole as he was making me crazy with his hard tool. I wanted to fuck him well, to make him come so hard with my ass, just like I did with my mouth. "Do you like me? Do you like fucking my ass?"

"Oh yeah, I love it. You take it like such a hot little whore. You love this don't you, getting your ass fucked by an old man with a big cock?"

"hhm it feels so good. Are you gonna come? I want you to come in my ass, baby," I groaned as he worked my ass with his cock. "Yeah, I'm really close. Oh, yeah baby, I'm gonna fill your hot ass with my come!" Just then his hips started slamming wildly back and forth. I clenched my teeth and steadied myself. "come on, baby, come hard in my ass," I screamed. 

He slammed his cock all the way in and then I felt his hot, slippery come shoot deep into my anus. My body went rigid as I felt his dick spasm and shudder inside my worked-over little asshole. I began to come, spurting all over the sheets beneath me, even though he had neglected to even touch my cock from the outset. Thick ropes of come spat forth from my cock, as my ass spasmed around his softening cock. We both slumped forward onto the mattress in exhaustion. His cock still inside me, I turned my head around to kiss him deeply on the mouth." I love the way you fuck me, baby. I love being your little slut"

"Good," he replied, "Because I plan on doing nasty things to you all the time."