 I considered my current situation. I was standing naked in a hotel hallway, wearing only a stainless steel chastity cage that contained my throbbing and swollen cock. I had a load of dried cum on my face that had been left there by a man I only knew as Master.

He came to my room, handcuffed me and fed me his cock and cum, except for the part of the load I now wore on my face. He made me go to the liquor store, wearing only a very short pair of revealing shorts. I had been humiliated by two college age guys and the store clerk who had taken my money after I volunteered the substance on my face was a man's cum. Upon my return, he had me beg to be let in and loudly announce I was his faggot and wanted to be fucked. 

My shorts were exchanged at the door for an ice bucket and I was sent naked past a taunting couple to get ice for my Master!

I looked down the hall and saw the couple had been joined by another curious guest who stood at his door staring at me with some amusement.

The female of the couple who had taunted me moments ago informed the man, "He is some guys gay slave and was sent for ice."

I avoided their gaze as I walked back down the long hall to my room. My hard cock holding my cage out in front of me, exposing my shame. My cock swung side to side as if unaware of the humiliation it was broadcasting! 

I arrived at the door and again found it locked. My Master inside hollered to me.

"Announce your presence faggot!"

I felt a lump in my throat as I again shouted, "Master, your faggot has returned with your ice and is ready to be fucked Sir!"

"Let the people in the hall know they can come watch you be humiliated and offer the men a blowjob if they want one!" Came his reply as he cracked the door to ensure I followed his instructions.

I turned to the couple and the man across the hall from them. I noticed the woman had her hand on the man's crotch and the other man was sporting an obvious hard on in his shorts.

"Master would like me to invite you to come watch me serve him and if either of you men want a blow job, I will suck your cock," 

The woman giggled and Master opened the door. 

"Good job bitch!" He said and as I entered the room, I was then aware the single man was behind me!

I stepped in and placed the ice bucket on the counter as I heard Master greet the man.

"Hey buddy, your in for a great blow, this slut can really throat cock!"

I turned and dropped to my knees, expecting the man to offer his cock. 

"Don't be rude cunt!" Master scolded me, "Pour us some drinks!"

I grabbed the two glasses on the counter, filled them with ice and the whisky I had bought. I handed each man a glass and assumed my submissive position on my knees with my hands behind my back.

The man who followed me into the room spoke to Master as he sipped his drink.

"So he will suck my dick?" He asked.

"Show him boy!" Master commanded.

I shuffled forward on my knees and buried my face in the man's crotch. He had a strong musty smell that reeked of sweat and urine. My cock grew harder in its cage if that were possible as I gently mouthed his cock through the fabric.

The man let out a sigh as I pulled his waistband down with my teeth. I worked his shorts down to his ankles and raised up to do the same with his underwear. His hard cock was plainly visible through his black briefs and the ring of a Prince Albert piercing was obvious. I love pierced cock and eagerly licked his dick through the material from his balls to the tip!

I grabbed the waist of his briefs with my teeth and began working back and forth to free my prize! When his underwear cleared his cock it sprang out and slapped my cheek!

I slid his underwear to his ankles and he stepped out of them and his shorts. I leaned back to admire his hard cock. Not huge at about six inches, but very well defined and shaved completely smooth!

I leaned forward and kissed the ring in the head of his cock before taking it into my mouth. 

"Awww... damn!" He shuddered as I took him to the root.

"What a mouth!" He announced as I began my up and down ride in his dick, his piercing just touching the tight ring in the back of my throat! 

I took him all the way down and sucked my way off several times, enjoying my second cock of the night. 

I felt Master pull my ass up by the hips and felt the cold, wet lube land at the top of my crack. As the cold bead ran down over my hole and onto the back of my aching balls, I felt Masters cock head crowd my opening!

"Use a rubber." I said as i came up for air.

"Fuck no faggot!" Master announced. "Faggots don't deserve protection!"

I started to protest, but the second man shoved his cock back in my mouth, his piercing clicking against my teeth.

"Yeah bitch." The guy announced. "Take him raw!"

I had no say in the matter as Master shoved the first couple inches of his large cock into my ass.

I screamed loudly at the intense burning as he invaded my body! I felt the impact of the slap on my ass and the sting rolled like a wave across my naked body. Thankfully he paused to pour more lube over his clock and my burning hole.

The break was short lived as he began pushing forward! I whined around the cock in my mouth as he buried himself deep. My inner sphincter gave way and I felt his balls push against my own.

"Concentrate on that cock fag." Master said as he began his back and forth assault on my guts.

The pain quickly faded and I felt waves of pleasure as I was rocked back and forth between Master's cock in my ass and the one in my mouth. 

I began focusing on pleasing the man in my mouth as I loosened and tightened my hole on Master's cock in time with his thrusts. 

I was a faggot in cock Heaven as I took the men at each end! My only desire was to be filled and fed with those hot loads! I heard the men high-five above my back and knew that I was pleasing both men!

The man using my mouth began to breath quickly and I knew he was close to giving me my cocksuckers reward! 

"I'm gonna cum bitch! Take my load!" He announced as his cock swelled in my mouth. 

I pulled back to take his load in my mouth instead of deep in my throat as he unleashed his load. I felt him blast my mouth with three strong shots of cum before he grabbed me by the hair and pulled his cock from my mouth! 

I felt two blasts of goo strike my face, and felt his sticky cum began to ooze down my face. 

Master picked up the pace and began slamming his cock into my ass as I leaned forward and took the cum covered cock in my mouth. I swallowed his load as I eagerly sucked every drop from his softening cock.

"Here it comes faggot! Take Masters load in your pussy!" Master grunted as I felt him spasm and fill my insides with his hot load! He fucked me furiously as he completed his orgasm, grunting with each pulse of his hard cock! 

Master slowed his pace as I was see-sawed between the two sweaty men.

Master stopped to catch his breath, his cock still buried deep inside me. The man in front of me stepped back, his saliva covered cock still half hard.

I milked Masters cock with my well fucked hole, draining it of all his precious seed. He slipped out of me with a squish sound and slapped me hard on the ass!

I sat back on my heels, proud of my work on the two satisfied men. My position as a cumdump not cemented in reality, even as the cum slowly ran down past my chin!

"Clean me!" Master barked and I turned around. His cum covered cock quickly disappeared in my mouth for the second time that night. I tasted my ass and his cum as I lovingly sucked him clean. The two men sat on the edge of the bed, satisfied cocks hanging between their legs. I was a happy faggot at that moment, proud of my work as I felt Masters cum oozing down the back of my balls, as the other load coated my face.

"We can switch holes when your ready." Master told the other man.

"Give me a minute, I have to piss." The man stated.

"My faggot will take care of that for you too." Master said and pointed to me.

I moved over to the man and took his softened cock back into my mouth, sealing my lips around it.

To be continued...