 My cell rang at 5:42pm. I picked it up and noticed that it was Alan. Alan was an older man that I had met at one of the local bookstores and I had been a regular booty call of his. Being twenty-one years younger than him, myself twenty two, he forty three, we fit the bill for each other's needs. I needed an older man that used me like a slutty girl, and he needed the young tight body that I so easily let him have whenever he wanted. 

I picked up the phone and said, "Hello."

"Are you busy today little girl?"

"The only thing on my agenda is pleasing you sir," I said, smiling.

"Good. I would like you to come over in thirty minutes. Wear those pink lacey boy shorts you have. Be sure that all the hair is off your body and that you smell good. I want you to bring that strawberry lip gloss that you have. I have several business associates coming over and you will be the entertainment."

He then hung up the phone and I went to preparing myself. I stripped naked, got into the shower and went over my body ensuring that all the hair was off. I kept myself bald everywhere, but it's always good to check. My hands felt good as they rubbed over my body. I love my body and am not ashamed to admit that it turns me on. I have a flat stomach with good definition, but not grossly defined. My butt is round like a girls and I have small pecs. I have a cock that is perfect. It's not huge. It's about 7 inches cut, shaped really nice with two yummy looking balls. 

As the water ran over me, my hands turning the body wash into a lather, I thought about Alan. He was older, but still in shape. I became his slut almost 3 months ago. I come over when he wants and I suck his cock, let him play with me, shower with him, and about a month ago we started fucking. He treats me like a little girly slut and I make him feel better than anyone else ever has.

I dried off, conditioned myself and, with my cock still hard, slipped on my pink cock ring. I put on some jeans and a t-shirt and grabbed my lip gloss, pink chocker and strawberry lube. Jumping into my car, my stomach fluttered, knowing that I was to be the center of attention this evening. Alan had never shared me before, but he knew that I wanted to be in the middle of several older men using me.

I arrived at his large house and pressed the buzzer, letting him know that I was there. A single beep and then the large gates in front of me opened, allowing me access to the house. I drove down his long driveway, and parked in the circle in front of his house. As I got out, I noticed that only his 3 cars were here and no one else appeared to be here. I walked up to the large doors and pressed the bell. Moments later, he opened the door, standing only in his robe.

"Eager are we", he questioned? It had only taken me 22 minutes to get here and he was right, my hands shook in excitement and my cock throbbed at the anticipation and I was still only standing on his front step.

"Yes sir", I responded, my voice shaking.

"Good," he said, "the guests will be here in an hour and I need for you to serve us drinks tonight and keep these gentlemen happy. We are playing poker tonight and you are to do anything they want, do you understand?" 

I nodded and he motioned for me to step inside. I came in and immediately he pushed me, chest first, against the wall and closed in on me from behind. I instinctively pushed my ass back against him and I could feel his hard cock poking at my ass through my jeans. His breath was on my neck and he lifted my hands above my head, pinning me there. He began to grind on me and told me that he needed his little "girl" to clean him before the guests arrived. 

"Whatever you want sir," I moaned breathlessly. He turned me around and kissed me eagerly, his tongue exploring the inside of my mouth. He nibbled on my lips and worked his mouth down to my neck. I exhaled sharply as the sensation from his kisses ran down my body, exciting my cock.

With his hands still around my wrists, he began to walk towards his master bathroom, towing me along like some bimbo. We got there and stood in his large bathroom. His house was just short of a mansion and his bathroom was bigger than my apartment. His shower was a large, almost communal size shower with several overhead waterfall nozzles and several massaging jets that shot out from the wall. He removed his robe and I stood there, looking at his beautiful body with his large cock protruding magnificently from his body. 

"Strip."

I took off my shirt and then slowly pulled off my jeans. I turned around as I did, wiggling them down over my hairless girly ass, looking back at him while biting my lip. The look in my eyes was complete lust. My supple ass cheeks, wrapped in lacy pink boy shorts came into view and I saw him devilishly smile. He liked my pink shorts because they had a hole in the front that let my beautiful cock stick thru. 

He told me to remove the shorts and prepare the shower. I did as I was told, knowing that his eyes never left me. I turned back to him as the water cascaded over my young body and motioned with my finger in a "come here" motion that it was ready for him.

He stepped into the shower and again kissed me, our naked bodies attacking each other. My hands ran over him, admiring how well he kept his body. I squeezed some body wash into my hands and began to bathe him, starting at his chest while looking into his eyes. My hands continued to soap up his body, first his chest, then his abs, then down to his pelvis, but deliberately missing his massive cock. I then walked behind him, putting more body wash in my hands and began on his back, massaging his neck and shoulders, running down the rest of his back and then to his tight ass which I caressed and cleaned. 

The shower was washing the soap off as I put it on him, so with more soap in my hands, I knelt down behind him, and began washing his legs. He then turned around and I washed the front of his legs and then bent over more to wash his feet. I then looked up at him and he smiled lovingly down on me. I placed more soap in my hand and brought my hands to his beautiful erect cock and began to clean and stroke him. His head went back in ecstasy as my hands manipulated his cock. I knew he liked what I was doing to him. 

Until now, no words had been spoken and I looked up at him and asked if he wanted to fuck me. He just stated that he wanted to save my ass for his guests, but he wanted to feel my mouth on his cock. I let the water rinse us off and I continued my manipulations of his penis before lifting up his cock and placing kisses on his large balls. I stroked his cock with my right hand, my left hand on his leg, as I kissed and then licked his hairless balls. Even under the warm water, I could feel the heat emanating from his cock. I held it up and ran my tongue up the sensitive underside of his cock till my tongue came into the large head. Without stopping, I swirled my tongue around his head and then brought my lips to it in a sensual kiss. I began to kiss it more and more, each time taking a little more in with my mouth. I was French kissing his cock. I moved my left hand up to his balls began to roll them around as my right hand started stroking his lovely member. With each kiss I took more into my mouth, slowing, taking almost a full minute before I got his entire head into my mouth. He loves it when I suck him this way. 

The water cascading over us made the entire session so erotic and the way that his hands fumbled over my head, sometimes caressing my cheeks, sometimes resting on or grasping my head was so sweet. He loves the way I make him feel and I love making him feel spectacular. He changed his grasp on my head to the back of my head and gently pushed his cock in, signaling me that he wanted more. I began to fuck his cock with my mouth, letting it slip in and out of my mouth. With each inward stroke, I let my tongue swirl out under his cock just that little extra. Over the past few months, I have learned to take him completely into my mouth and if you've ever sucked a large cock, there's nothing more gratifying than having eight inches of hot cock filling your mouth and exploring the upper regions of your throat. 

His thrusting became more needing, and with one hand he guided my head using my mouth like a pussy and with the other, he held my chin and occasionally slipped his hand down to feel my throat expanding. He picked up speed even more and I heard his breathing becoming more shallow and erratic, his legs trembling as my hands, no longer needed on his cock, massaged his balls and legs. I was there on my knees to make my master happy and to let him use me. 

Quickly, he took his hands off of my head, pulled out stroking vigorously at my face, and looked down at me. I continued to rub my hands on his legs, looking up at him with my mouth open and my tongue out. The water splashed down over us, causing me to flutter my eyes, and even trough the cascading water I could feel his cum explode onto my face, the first shot hitting me over my right side from forehead down to my chin and covering my eye, the next one landing higher on my forehead and I am sure my hair. His next few found there mark on my extended tongue and I hungrily withdrew my tongue tasting him in my mouth. A few more drops landed on my chest and neck, quickly washed away with the rest. I leaned forward and replaced his hand with mine and stroked him even more, never taking my eyes off of him. He finally looked down, after his head was thrown back in orgasm. As he did, I leaned forward and cleaned him some more with mouth, filling my taste buds with a few more hints of him. 

I stood up and we embraced, my cock finally touching something again and we kissed. 

"You are definitely going to help me out tonight," he said humorously. 

I turned off the water and retrieved a towel. I started drying him, slowly and sweetly, until I was again on my knees, lifting up his feet to dry them. I leaned forward and kissed his cock again and he played with my hair. 

"These men tonight will know your pleasure, but I'll still be your little girl," I said, and then stood up and dried myself. As he dressed in some khaki shorts and a polo, I conditioned myself again, pulled my panties on, ensuring that my throbbing cock was put thru the special hole, I put on my cute pink chocker, and then I applied my lip gloss, causing my lips to become wet looking. I know how he likes my plump lips and this makes them look so irresistible. I spiked my short hair the way he likes it and sprayed some sweet perfume. 

He kissed me again and I caught our reflection in the mirror. So out of place we appeared, me a young hairless twin in pink boy shorts, a pink chocker and my hard cock pointing thru and he, 4 inches taller than me, dressed like he was about to go play a round of golf. He stood behind me as we looked at ourselves in the mirror. He leaned down, putting his mouth next to my ear as his hands went to my ass and told me that I looked so fucking yummy. I smiled and bit my lip. I was his to do whatever he wanted. I lifted my arms up, putting them above me, holding his head in place and his hands went to my tight abs and chest, caressing them. We stood in silence enjoying each other. The silence was shattered as the gate buzzer rang, announcing our guests. I perked up and he told me to go into the kitchen and start getting ready. I needed to make sure that limes were cut, the bourbon was ready and that the tequila and salt were out, because we were going to start out the evening with some body shots.

I turned around, kissed him and said, "Whatever you want master. Use me tonight however you want. I won't say no."

...next: Chapter 2.