 I walked into Alex's large spacious kitchen, and saw several bottles of liquor spread about his counter including some high price bourbons and tequilas. There were several limes, yet to be cut, sitting on his glass cutting board and a container of margarita salt sat nearby, unopened. I quickly sought out the large lowball glasses and placed them close by and made sure that I had several fillers such as coke and sprite to accompany the bourbon, should the gentlemen decide to request one. 

I heard Alex and several other voices speaking in the game room, not far off from the kitchen. Alex had told me that these men were coming to play cards and I was to serve them in any way they requested, whether it was to get them a drink or snack, or to let them play with my nubile young body. I was what he called, the deal closer and I was to be their toy for the night. I was warned that these men would be all over me, some of them rough, treating me as the slut I was portraying this evening and that some of them might even have some strange fetishes that I was to indulge them in. 

I grabbed the bottle of Patron, the salt and some lime wedges that I had just cut, placed them on a silver serving platter and sashayed myself towards the game room. As I entered, the men were still standing around talking, but my presence silenced them as I walked in, cock semi-hard, poking through the hole in my lacy pink boy shorts and complimented by my pink choker. 

The men, varying in height, all seemed to be in rather decent shape. Even the most out of shape of the four men had only the slightest belly. 

"Gentlemen, here is our maid for the evening. He prefers to be treated and talked to as if he was a dirty little girl, so SHE will be here all evening to do whatever I or yourselves asks. If you need a drink, she will get it for you. If you need to go to the bathroom, she will be more than happy to hold your cock for you and assist you in washing up. If you want to play with her, be my guest. Tonight is all about you gentlemen and to celebrate our upcoming union, I propose a toast."

With that, Alex walked over to me, grabbed me by my free hand and brought me to the large oak table. He removed the tray from my hand and placed it on one side of the table. He then turned me towards him, with my back to the table, reached around and grabbed my ass, picking me up off the ground. I immediately put my arms around his neck, my legs wrapped around his body and he began to kiss me in front of these men. He moved forward, positioning me over the table and pushed me off of him. I was surprised by the coldness of the table on my barely covered ass and to keep from falling backwards, I put my hands behind me, propping me up. I looked up at him with a devilish grin and kept my legs around his waist, refusing to let go. 

"As you can see, she is quite eager to please," he said and then commanded me to lay back. I did as told, arching my back as it hit the cold wooden table. He unwrapped my legs and I placed my feet up on the edge of the table. I spread my legs apart, opening myself to him and closed my eyes. After a few seconds, I felt a tongue just below my chest. I opened my eyes and looked down at him, licking his way up towards my neck. He moved his large hands behind my neck and brought me upright again, myself moving my arms behind me to steady myself. He told me to move my head to the side and as I did, he grabbed the salt and sprinkled some on my now exposed and stretched out neck. He then grabbed the bottle of Patron and handed it to me. I reached out and grabbed the bottle as he removed the cork top. He then drew one of the lime wedges and looked at me. I was wondering where he was going to put that, but my suspicions were not long lasting as he grabbed my hard cock and, holding it by the head, squeezed it onto my penis. The acidic tingle on my cock caused a moan to escape my lips. 

He then smiled at me, and I took a large swig of the tequila, holding it in my mouth as I once again tilted my head to the side allowing him access to the salt that was clinging to my skin by a barrier of my master's saliva. He leaned forward, put his hand behind my head and took a long lick of my neck, sending shivers down my spine directly to my lime covered cock causing it to twitch. He then moved my kid to his and his lips connected to mine. I parted my lips and with my tongue, pushed the Agave juice into my master's mouth. He released our kiss, flipped his head back swallowing the clear juice and then leaned over, taking my rock hard cock into his mouth. The sensations, from the tongue on my neck, to the aroma and taste of the tequila that was still coating the inside of my mouth to the warmth of my master's mouth on my hard cock, was causing my head to swirl. He pumped me several times with his hot mouth, ensuring that all of the lime juice was successfully removed from my penis. 

"Who's next," he asked, looking at the four gentlemen. 

The most out of shape of the men, an average looking man, stepped forward and grabbed me forcefully by the hair, moving my head to the side. He leaned in and slobbered over my neck before grabbing the salt and dumping it on m neck. This guy had very little couth and I believe that the dominating characteristics of his personality were coming out. I again, took a gulp of the tequila, holding it in my mouth as he devoured the salt on my neck and then forcefully brought me to him, and with great force, kissed me. I pushed the liquid to his mouth and as we kissed he swallowed the juice and continued to kiss me, his tongue probing my mouth for the last remnants of the tequila. He then pushed me away, and down on the table. He leaned over and, with very little talent, began to slobber all over my cock. His tongue was everywhere and even though there was no style, the abundance of saliva from this man did wonders on my cock. 

This was the ultimate teasing, the different sensations and the starting and stopping of the mouth service on my already excited cock was driving me crazy.

This went on for three more men, some gentle, some teasing and one gentleman whose mouth must have been blessed by an angel as it's sensations on my cock were better than any I've received, be it from a girl or a boy.

After all of them had gone, Alex walked up, and caressed my cheek, looked right into my eyes and asked if my cock hurt from all of the starting and stopping. I proclaimed that it was very little discomfort compared to the exhilaration of serving my master. The other men chuckled at this response by Alex's little boy toy. He told me to lay back and masturbate for them, ensuring that all of my cum was to land on my body. 

I did as I was told; laying back, my legs still spread and I began to work on my cock. I played with my balls while slowly pumping up and down on my cock. I was so close to cumming when I started that it took me less than two minutes to spray my hot body with a large amount of stored up cock juice. Cum flew all over me, in at least seven full squirts, eventually slowing down and covering my cock and hand with cum like the melted wax running down the sides of a lit candle.

"Gentlemen, enjoy," said Master Alex.

The men swarmed around me and their mouths went to my body, licking and sucking my spent cum off of my hairless body. One of the gentlemen kneeled down between my legs and took my semi-hard, cum-covered cock into his mouth, cleaning me like I've done so many times for my master. One grabbed my hand that I had used to jack myself off, and took each finger, one by one, into his mouth, sucking the cum from my fingers. Once my body was clean, the men moved away and admired my glistening, saliva covered body that lay spent on the large wooden table. Alex told me to get up and go prepare some appetizers and some drinks for the gentlemen as they were going to start playing some Texas Hold 'Em. I slid off the table and gathered the used lime wedges, salt and half empty Patron bottle. As I did, I noticed that there was a mixture of salt, lime juice and some of my cum covering the table. Most people would have gotten a towel to clean up the mess, but I just bent over, and began licking the table, enjoying the different tastes that were assaulting my mouth. I wiggled my ass as I did and I felt several hands slapping and rubbing my ass as I cleaned off the table. 

"You got yourself a good one this time Alex," stated one of the gentleman, presumably one of the men groping my young ass. 

"I know. Just wait till the evening continues. I have a nice grotto in the pool outside, great for gangbanging a young bitch like this one and, Tomar, since I know you like water sports, my shower would be a great place to finish off the evening by pissing all over this little girl. As I said, she will do anything I ask of her and that privilege is extended to you four tonight as well."

I just smiled, still bent over, lapping up the last of my salty-lime-cum concoction from the table. My cock began to tingle again in excitement.

..............next: Chapter 3.