 I had a business trip to go on for work. It was just an overnight stay meeting. I finished my meeting, went straight out for dinner, and headed back to my hotel for the night. I was a bit tired as the trip had included a long drive that morning. 

When I got back to my room, I decided to head down to the hotel exercise room to get a little workout. I was missing my regular trip to the gym at home. I threw a t-shirt and my gym shorts on, and went down. I was on the treadmill when a younger guy came in with the same thing in mind, I guessed. He nodded a hello, and started working on the weight machine. He was at least ten to fifteen years younger than I, very good looking, with a nice body. Noticeably nice body.

I am bi, but not really in a way that I check guys out. To make a long story short, my wife and I meet other couples that are bi. That's where I get most of my bi-action. I have had a few encounters, individually, with couples in the past, but the thought of "hooking up" had not crossed my mind. BUT as I watched him workout, my overactive sexually charged imagination got to working. It dawned on me, what exactly would be the problem with it?

Anyhow, he sat up after a set of benches, so I started making some small talk, asking him how much he worked his chest, and some other things. I made a point of telling him his chest was very well developed. We talked a bit about working out etc. He was very friendly and held nothing back. He mentioned that I look good. In the way, "good for your age" without really saying it. I took it as a compliment, which I'm sure it was. I do feel I have a nice body, for my age, and workout hard to keep it that way.

He was about 5' 10" and maybe 165 lbs. I'm 6'1" and a little over 220. We went through the talking about weights and working out. I led the conversation into talking about the women liking his body. He laughed and talked a bit about that. I took the opportunity and went straight to it. I figured, WTF! It's my private time. He doesn't know me. We don't live near each other. I am a closet bi, of course, at home and at work, so I remain discreet, or put bluntly, secret.

So, I just blurted it out.

"I hope this doesn't offend you." I said. "I'm bisexual and find you very attractive!" 

I tried to say it in a way as it wasn't a full-frontal assault! Kind of in passing, I do like men and you're a fine looking specimen. I was surprised when it didn't offend him. He didn't even seem too surprised by the statement. He chuckled and went on with the conversation thanking me for the compliment. He then proceeded to ask me about being bi and admitted he, at times, was curious about the thought of it. We were alone in the room so I told him about it. I clarified that I love women and love all heterosexual sex. I just love the added benefit of the bi-side. I added that I am not romantically inclined in my bi desires but more orally motivated, and bit into the anal aspect, as I do enjoy that.

I left it hang there. I didn't have any idea how to proceed. He was done exercising and so was I, so I got up to leave, shook his hand, told it was great to meet him, keep up the workouts, and at the end added, jokingly, that I was going for a shower if he'd like to join me?

He looked a little embarrassed at that point, so I wasn't pushing it. I was a little embarrassed too. I had never done anything like that. As I walked away, he asked what room I was in. That shocked me! I stuttered to think of it, and had to grab my room card to figure it out. I stammered "234" walking backwards. I smiled and turned. 

I admit, that was the first moment that I really thought about WTF I was doing, and what might be happening. But it did give me a warm feeling. A feeling of excitement. As I jumped in the elevator and rode up, I was already getting a hard-on, a noticeable hard-on! Luckily there was nobody in the elevator or in the hall as I went to my room.

I got into my room and sat figuring out what to do next? Should I wait a bit to see if he comes by? YES. What do I do then? Get the shower ready. I guess, easy as that. I'll wing it from there. Good plan. I congratulated myself, in my mind. I took off my shirt and wiped the sweat off. Stood up and looked at myself in the mirror. I pulled my shorts down. "Not too bad!" I was rock hard.

It didn't take long for me to ponder it. There was a knock at the door. I did panic at that moment. I had an erection I couldn't hide. Do I wait and let it go down or try to hide it?? Fuck it! I finally decided and opened the door.

He immediately looked down at my bulge. It was very noticeable. 

I laughed a little and explained. "I'm sorry for my condition, but have to say the thought of showering with you, did really get me aroused on my way up here." 

He was a little shocked, I think, but smiled at my explanation.

"Please come in, if you dare?" I joked. He did.

He started into an explanation of why he decided to come. I cut him off and said. "You really don't have to explain or justify anything. Just enjoy the experience if you want to" 

"You're right!" he said and pulled his shirt off. 

"Dam!!" his bare body was just as nice as I had imagined. 

I pulled my shorts and underwear off just a moment before him and headed toward the shower. I checked him out as I headed by. He was a little bit longer than me in length. Not quite as thick but he was beautifully formed and veined. He was shaved at all the right places and well-trimmed in others. He wasn't completely hard yet but was hanging heavy. That made me feel good. I figured he was turned on by the thought of what we were doing. I was still rock hard. 

I turned on the shower and got it regulated, went to the sink and grabbed soap, and my body wash. I checked him again, in the mirror, as I grabbed everything. He was very muscular, firm ass, very athletic looking. He turned as I was looking and checked me out from behind. "Cool!" He was hard now, too. "Awesome!"

"You first!" I pulled the curtain back.

He got in and under the water. I followed him and opened the body wash.

"Can I do your back?" I asked him

"Sure." he murmured as he wiped the water from his face. 

I squirted some in my hand and started lathering his back, rubbing hard. Honestly, I was in unknown territory, and realized it. My other experiences had been organized and planned, much more controlled. So, I just lathered his back, not getting intimate, or anything fancy. It was an arousing experience. His body was so much harder than I had experienced, or lathered, before. I was a bit uncomfortable as I got to his butt, but just continued, as if it was the norm. He put his hands against the wall of the shower and leaned forward as I did it. He seemed to be enjoying it. I peeked around him, and YES, he was enjoying it. He was standing at full attention. I half kneeled and squatted behind him to do his legs. I was getting more turned on as I lathered him and began to explore him more. As I did his legs, I lathered up his inner thighs, and made sure I cupped his balls gently, several times. I reached around and stroked some lather on his hard cock. I gave it four or five good firm strokes.

I stood back up and asked him if he would like me to do his front? There wasn't much being said. He said "Sure." and turned toward me. My eyes went straight down, checking him out. I moved to his shoulders, and started rubbing more body wash in. I went down his body just like I did the back. I rubbed firmly, not being touchy. I just kept going when I got to his hard cock. I grabbed it firmly with a handful of slippery body-wash and lathered it up, stroking him full length. I moved my other hand down cupping his balls. He groaned as I yanked and stroked him. I looked at his face. His eyes were closed and his head laid back a little. He seemed to be in a nice state. He had one arm against the wall, steadying himself. 

He was real hard. So was I. I moved forward so that our cocks were side by side. I swayed some so that the two brushed together. I was loving it and started wondering how long it would take to make him come like this. Probably not long. 

He opened his eyes and looked at me and then looked down at me stroking him. He grinned a little and asked me "May I?" as he reached down toward me. I said "YES, please". He grabbed me firmly, squeezing hard, feeling how hard I was. I love being squeezed hard! I figured he must too and squeezed him back. He pushed forward. It slid nicely through my firm grip. 

I looked back down, took the hand that was fondling his balls, and moved it to his bulbous head. It was smaller almost pointed but nice and soft. I took both hands and started sliding them over the head in succession, quickly. I like that myself, and looked for his reaction. He squirmed and gave a little "whoa" which told me he liked. He was still just holding and lightly stroking me. I guessed, getting the feel for it? 

He was clean of soap now, from the water running over him. I wanted to suck him badly. I kneeled on one knee in the shower, looking up at him as I did. Looking for approval. He watched me and eased into position with his hips pushed out towards me a little. This was confirmation enough for me. He was ready.

I put my hand back down, cupping his balls. The other gripped the base of his shaft. I took him down, as deep as I could. My lips went down to where my hand gripped him. I felt the head hit my throat, just a touch. I love to be deepthroated and would love to be able to do it well myself. His wasn't too thick with a smaller head. I wanted to get him all in my throat. I sucked him hard, as I pulled back out. I went back in, moving my hand farther down the base. That time I felt the soft head pushing into my throat. I lowered my hand again and went a little deeper. Getting used to it, I started a nice rhythm. He started working with me, pushing in, as I took him deep. I was really getting into it. I took one hand and reached down grabbing my own cock. I was throbbing rock hard. It felt nice to just touch it.

It was so hot to feel how much I was turning this gorgeous young guy on too! I really wanted to get him off so I quickened the pace. I let go of my cock and his balls and put my hands on his hips, guiding him, while driving and sucking myself. He started really going with it. He grabbed my head with one hand and held it steady while he began to push in, mouth fucking me. I love the firmness of a man during bi sex. The strength and the power. It was turning me on even more. I pulled him and encouraged him to fuck harder and deeper. His cock was going full depth into my throat.

I realized he was getting close. His breath was getting heavy, like I get, right before I come. He was really driving, sliding in and out, deeply. I put my hand on his balls again, to feel when they were tightening up. They were tight already! He started moaning and really tightening up, muscles everywhere!! I wanted his load in my mouth. I reached up and put my thumb and forefinger around the base of his shaft, getting ready. I wanted to be able to jerk him when I took him out of my mouth. I barely got my fingers there and I could feel and taste fluid on my tongue. It wasn't pumping out yet and wasn't thick. Pre-cum! He was there!! I pushed my tongue up against the bottom of his cock, against the sensitive spot on the bottom of his head. I waited, slowing down. He was slowing too and starting to bend forward. I looked up at his face. He was groaning and had that pained face. Then the first spurt filled my mouth. I pulled back, starting to pull him out. The second spurt squirted into the side of my mouth, as I pulled back from the head. I started jerking him and lowered his cock to my neck, stroking him hard. I watched his face contort, as I jerked the rest, and felt it spurt on my neck. It was so hot! I let most of the cum in my mouth ooze out, then swallowed. It felt like I swallowed a lot, but there was a lot on my chin, and a lot more on my neck and chest. He watched me easing back against the shower wall to steady himself.

I stood up beside him, still holding his hard cock in my hand, stroking gently. I let the water wash the cum off my face. I let some water rinse my mouth out. I think he was still in shock with what just happened and unsure of what to do. I looked down at his softening cock. Dam, it was still nice. I love that feeling when your cock is hanging heavy, afterwards, and softening.

"You OK?" I asked him

"Yeah, I am." he nodded

I was still hard and turned on by what had just happened, but not sure where to take it. I didn't think he was ready to do anything for me. So, I grabbed the body wash, and lathered myself up, while he hung against the wall in front of me, just watching. As soon as I touched myself, I knew I'd be coming in just a minute or so. I had that tingly, real sensitive feel in my balls. I stroked it slow. He watched intently.

"Do you need some help?" he finally asked.

"If you're sure you want to?" I answered 

"I want you to come." he said.

"Oh, I'll be there in just a moment or two!" I said. I stroked it a little faster. My breath was getting a little heavier. 

"Can I finish it for you?"

"Oh, yeah." my breath was really shortening. 

He reached over and took hold, stroking it firmly. I started pumping within ten seconds of him taking hold. It oozed over his hands as I finished. He firmly yanked out the last drops.

We both finished showering, or re-showered, and got out. 

We hung out, getting dressed, then decided to go down for a few drinks at the lounge. We talked all evening. We might hit the gym, and the shower, again tomorrow night.