 Though most of my experiences had been with young women, I'd had an intense and passionate relationship with one special young man through most of high school. Going away to college I was looking forward to leaving Smalltown USA and exploring this side of my sexuality further. As things turned out, anti-gay prejudices on campus were as anywhere else. I had no idea of where to look anyway. So I settled into dorm life and even hooked up with a girlfriend. We had a great sex life, but I still wanted something a little extra.

It didn't help that I was housed on a floor with a bunch of football and lacrosse players. Jocks have a habit of walking about without a stitch on, and that did nothing for my secret desires. They'd come back from practice full of sweat and musk and stand around nude waiting for the showers. The smell drove me nuts. I'd wait until they all left for class after their showers and stand in the shower room soaking up the aroma. Many mornings I'd jerk off in the shower, taking in the scent and recalling the physiques that had just paraded through.

One morning I was killing time in there, basking in the musk, getting ready to shower and go see my girlfriend. Everybody had already showered and left for early classes. I had a killer hard-on and was contemplating a good wank when in walked my next door neighbor, coming back late from practice. "You might want to pick someplace more private to play with that," he said matter of factly as he stripped off his shorts and tee. I paused for a second, caught a little off guard by my own lust and the sudden view of Steve's very muscular, and very naked body.

Embarrassed then, I jumped into the shower and turned on the water, praying he hadn't caught me checking him out. I'd never thought of him in particular, in a sexual way. He was too big, bulky, and kind of obnoxious. At that moment though, in my aroused state, all I could think of was his big chest and arms. I heard him enter the shower stall and started thinking of him there glistening under the spray. It only made me harder and thinking of him there just a foot away was more than I could take. I reached down and started rubbing myself softly and quietly. I let the hot water flow down over my chest and I fantasized about Steve pressed up against me, his big arms around me.

I got the shock of my life a moment later when I felt cool air at my back. I looked over my shoulder and Steve had opened the curtain and was stepping into the shower stall. He stepped in and closed the curtain behind him. "If we shower together we'll save hot water," he said. The hard-on he was sporting told me that wasn't all that was on his mind. It had been too long for me since I'd had that kind of pleasure so I wasn't about to disappoint him. 

When I tried to turn to face him though he stopped me. "Don't turn around," he commanded, "I'll wash your back." With that he started to soap my back with his huge hands. I damn near melted. For those who know, there's nothing like the touch of a big man. He massaged my neck and shoulders and ran his hands down my sides. There was space between us but I could feel his cock pressed against my ass cheeks. The shower stall was filled with his hot, sweaty cologne. Everywhere he touched me I felt electric tingles.

He soaped me all over and then I felt his hand run down between my thighs and back up to right behind my balls. I collapsed backwards into his arms but he held me up. He pushed his hand up between my cheeks lathering my crack and I could feel myself nearly fainting in pleasure. One finger pressed softly against my hole and slid slowly in. My anal experience was limited to fingering but my high school lover hadn't had hands as big as this. It hurt some at first but quickly gave way to waves of pleasure as he hit that magic spot. I pushed back against him to meet his advances. He pulled the finger slowly out and replace it with two. 

It was more pain this time but the soap had me slippery and they went in easily. I was hard as a railroad spike and had to bite my lip to keep from crying out in pleasure, as he probed me. Suddenly he pulled out his hands and pulled me close to him. I could feel his perfect abs and pecs against my back and his cock between my cheeks. I turned back over my shoulder and looked him in the eyes. He returned my gaze and just when I thought he might kiss me he pushed my face back around and pulled me closer.

I'd never had a man inside me before but it appeared my virginity in that respect was ending that moment. I was a little afraid but I was so hot I could feel my pulse in my prick. I pushed back until I could feel him pushing at my entrance. He was pushing away slowly and softly but I figured it was now or never. I put my hands against the tile wall and pushed back hard. His burning hot love tool drove all the way home and I could feel his big hairy balls against me. 

I nearly passed out from the pain of the initial thrust but he held it there for a minute until it subsided and then he began his attack. It started slow but increased quickly. I could feel every contour and vein as he pulled slowly out to my rim, and then drove back down deep. Right from the start I pushed back to meet every thrust. This was everything I'd wanted for years. Every ripple in his cock sent shudders through my knees. My own cock threatened to burst as he hit rock bottom with every entry. Our heavy breathing seemed loud in the steamy bathroom but it was all I could do to keep from shouting "FUCK ME".

We were going at it hard and heavy for a while. I felt on the brink of coming forever. I could hear Steve's breathing getting heavier and his pushing and pounding getting more out of control. I did my best to tighten up and bear down on him hard. I was determined to make this man come hard. I was getting a bit out of control myself. I reached down and moved his hand from my hip to my cock. He hesitated at first but then wrapped his fingers around me and began to stroke in time to his thrusts. That put me over the edge. "Give it to me you big stud. I want to feel you all the way up inside me," I whispered through the steam. 

"Give me everything." Steve was losing it completely now. He wrapped his body tighter around me and started to drive me home. He was pistoning my pecker with one hand and I could feel his hot breath at my ear. "Fuck me Steve. Do it," I panted. It blew my mind when he began kissing my neck and shoulder as he fucked me. I decided to take a chance and turned my head and planted a kiss on his lips. He didn't shy away this time and he leaned harder into me and kissed me back feverishly. His tongue invaded my mouth while he fucked me silly. 

We sucked face passionately like prom dates. That was about it for both of us. I felt him tighten up against me and I knew this was the moment. He took one last deep thrust and all of a sudden it felt like a hot water enema deep up there. That was the moment for me and I started to come as hard as I ever had, spurting all over the wall, my sphincter clamping down hard again and again on my lover.

Then as quickly as it had begun it was over. Steve pulled out of me and pushed away, leaving the shower immediately. I knew what the deal was. For one brief moment, we were lovers but I knew that this might be the beginning and the end. He wouldn't want this getting around, and to be truthful, I didn't know if I was ready for all that either. But right then and there, I'd found what I left home for. I cleaned up and went to see my girlfriend feeling a little bit hollow down there. She couldn't quite figure out why I couldn't quite smiling. Steve and I did get together a couple more times, but those stories are for later.