 I was hitchhiking north towards Santa Cruz, to visit some friends. It was late at night, I was standing under a street lamp along the highway, and I realized I wouldn't get there anytime soon. I'd begun to think about where to spend the night...would it be another night sleeping under a bridge? After 20 minutes or so, a BMW pulled over, and I jumped in. He said he wasn't going far, but I wasn't about to turn down a ride! 

At this point I'd had some experience with gays I'd met while hitchhiking. Some of those experiences were awkward, some were good, but I'd never really let myself get into it. I would generally shut my eyes and pretend it was actually a cute girl sucking me, or a girl's butt I was screwing. After the third or forth guy I started to get curious about what attracted them to another man's cock, so I fondled his erection. Later I learned to enjoy the feel of a naked man...hairy, firm thighs, well muscled back, I learned I liked a hairy chest. I even sucked a few cocks, but never really got off on it, so the appeal of another man remained something of a mystery. I still saw gay sex as an easy opportunity to get off, with no emotional consequences...easier than finding a girl. Sometimes I would reciprocate, sometimes not. 

The driver of the BMW was maybe 35 years old, slightly pudgy. He seemed troubled, like he had a lot on his mind. He clearly wanted someone to talk to. So I listened to his troubles, as he talked about his problems getting along with his father, and a lot of other things. We drove for 20 minutes or so before he asked me where I was planning to spend the night. When I said I had no plans, and no money for a motel, he offered to let me stay at his place for the night. Soon after that we pulled into a condo complex, and walked up to his place on the second floor. 

We had a few drinks, unwound, talked and laughed for a long time...relaxing and getting to know each other. I got to thinking this might be another fun night with a guy, and I was OK with that, I liked this guy and was comfortable around him. 

It got late, he suggested I shower before bed. When I came out of the shower, the fold out couch it the living room was made up, and I got into bed naked. He took a shower next. When he came out, wrapped in a towel, and asked if I'd like a massage. I was so ready for that! So I smiled and said 'Yeah, I'd like that a lot.' He dropped his towel, turned off the light, and got in bed with me. Alone, naked in bed with a guy I liked. I knew this was going to be a great night!

He had massage oils by the bed, and poured a little on my back. He turned off the light. While he straddled my ass, I could feel his balls brushing against my back as he moved. He was taking his time, obviously enjoying himself. I was enjoying this too, and wondering how I could reciprocate. From my position on my stomach, all I could reach was his feet. So I rubbed his feet gently for a while he continued massaging me. It all felt so good and relaxing, I smiled as he rubbed my back.

I wanted to hold and caress him, so I rolled over, and saw his hard cock just inches from my face. It looked so beautiful, so appealing, so virile as it was glistening with pre-cum. I raised my head and gently took the knob into my mouth, and slowly worked my tongue around it, getting it wet enough to comfortably take him deep in my mouth. My hands went to his buns, and I pulled him into my face. He moaned, leaned forward, crouching over me as I worked his cock slowly in and out. I was loving his cock, savoring every inch, over and over as he gently stroked in and out. It was perfect, the way we moved together. I must have sucked him like that for hours. That night we enjoyed each other in all kinds of positions...side by side 69, me on top, then me on my knees...everything we could think of. Sucking, hugging, stroking, and sucking some more...it was complete sexual abandon, passion, and surrender to lust. We were two hard horny men who knew exactly how to please each other. Before the night was through I had my first man to man french kiss, and gave him my virgin ass. It felt so good to have a hunk humping me with abandon. I gave myself to him completely, wrapping my legs around his ass as he pounded deep into me, and pumped his seed deep inside me.

After he came in me we held each other as we both caught our breath. Once he was calm again, I asked him to wash himself , so I could suck him some more. He did, I did, we did...the sex went on for hours...what a night!

That was the best night I'd ever had with a guy, and it's a memory I treasure. It opened my eyes to gay sex in a new way, where I could fully enjoy it without holding anything back. That led to sex with a lot more guys later on. But those are stories for another time.