  Man you really freak me out I'm so afraid of you And when I lose my cool I don't know what to do 

I was reluctantly packing my things, seeing as Davis gave me no option to refuse his offer to come get me.

I was having a hard time separating my stuff from Laura's, because it was really painful. I needed to take a break, so I decided to go outside for a smoke.

As I let the nicotine flow through my lungs, I only felt slightly better. No one knew that I smoked, especially not Davis, he'd kill me.

"What the fuck? What are you doing?" Speak of the devil.

I turned to see Davis with his hands on his hips, extremely pissed off.

"Why are you smoking? How long have you even been smoking? That's terrible for you, give me that," he said, snatching the still burning cigarette from between my fingers.

I thought he was going to throw it, or step on it dramatically, but instead of brought it to his lips and inhaled deeply, flicking the ash as he blew the smoke over the railing of my balcony.

"You just had a bitch-fit, and you smoke?" He turned to me, shrugging like he didn't just flip a casual shit.

"Yea, yea. I just don't want you to be addicted because it's fucking terrible," he said, inhaling once more before putting it out.

Davis then turned, leaning with his back against the balcony as he looked over at me. Well, I felt him look at me, since I was staring at the sky.

"Am I supposed to feel like this? So lost? I just feel like I wasted the past three years of my life with some bitch who never even gave two shits about anyone but herself."

Davis sighed, placing his hand on mine, and I looked up at him curiously, trying to ignore the tingly sensation deep in my stomach.

"I uh," he started, immediately moving his hand back, "I don't know. You know I haven't ever been in a serious relationship before. I think feelings always get messy, and I'd rather not deal."

"But you can't just go through life like that Dave (I knew he hated when I called him that), you're going to want someone to share things with," I said as I turned to look at him.

"But that's what I have you for. You're my best friend, and I tell you everything, so I don't really see what difference a relationship makes." I rolled my eyes and headed inside to get my things.

"Start the car? I don't really want to be in here much longer."

The car ride to Davis's house was silent. Not awkward for me, since I was lost in thought. Maybe I should start writing again.

When I was in high school I used to write every day, whether it was a silly poem, or just what I was thinking, I'd made a point to write every day. The only person I'd ever shared my writings with was Davis, and he laughed at some, but said that I had some actual potential.

"Babe? We're here." 

I got out of the car, and grabbed all of my shit that I could, and setting it down in Davis's living room. I literally can't understand how he keeps his house so clean, seeing as whenever he's stayed over he makes a mess everywhere.

"Your house is still fucking clean, unbelievable," I muttered to myself as I moved my stuff into his room.

"Well, after work I have nothing to do other than smoke, drink, watch television, eat, and clean," he said, a smile coming onto his face.

"Yea whatever. So where am I sleeping?" He looked at me a little bit funny, and pointed me to a room down the hall.

"Guest room, seeing as no one has slept in there in forever, it took me a little while to clean all the cobwebs and get it prepared for you," he said laughing.

"Ew," I said, frowning. I really can't fucking stand spiders.

"Relax, there are no spiders olive," he said, kissing me on the cheek before grabbing my bags and taking them into the room for me.

I couldn't help but blush at the nickname that he had created for me back when we had first became friends. To make a long story short, there was a period of time where all I ate were olives. Literally.

 I am terrified of all things Frightened of the dark I am you are taller than a mountain Deeper than the sea 

As I unpacked Gabe's things for him, I couldn't help but smile at the thought that he'd be living with me. Well, at least temporarily.

"Hey, you okay? You don't have to do this for me, you're already letting me stay with you," Gabe said, smiling as he took his bag out of my hand.

I shrugged and began to leave the room, before he stopped me.

"Thanks...you know I never would have moved if you hadn't offered. And I really needed it. I love you Davis." I felt my heart skip a beat, and I smiled, shaking my head like it was no problem.

"Love you too. I'm going to go outside for a smoke. I'm telling you to quit while you're ahead," I said, smiling as I headed outside.

As I sucked on my cancer stick, I put my head in my hands, and began to think that this wasn't necessarily the best idea.

I wanted to respectful of Gabe's space and everything, but now I was going to have to see him every day, all the time. Well, between work and everything. 

"Fuck," I mumbled, running a hand through my stupid golden hair. I don't get why everyone is so obsessed with my hair, it's really not that great.

When I finished my cigarette, I took a shower, and decided to check on Gabe before going to sleep.

I was about to walk into the room, but I noticed that he was writing, which I haven't seen him do in a long time, so I decided to leave him alone.

When I got into my room, I buried myself in a pile of pillows and tried to close my eyes and go to sleep. I couldn't get Gabe off my mind, and my painfully hard dick continued to remind me, no matter how hard I tried to ignore it.

The crazy thing is, it's just little things about him that turn me on. Like how adorable he looks when he blushes, and his gorgeous collarbone that I want to kiss over and over again.

I couldn't help myself as I began to run my hands over my chest, stopping to play with my nipples briefly, just gently rolling them between my index finger and my thumb.

I had to bite back a moan as my other hand lightly stroked my dick through my boxers, seeing as I didn't want Gabe to hear me.

I closed my eyes, and thought of what would happen if Gabriel happened to see me like this.

He'd probably say something like "hey man, I just --" before he'd get quiet. Maybe I'd be able to convince him to help me out. I don't know what I'd say but hopefully it would work, and it would be his hand on my cock instead of my own. Fuck that was a hot thought. Maybe he'd go slowly, and drive me crazy with desire; maybe he'd even blow me. Oh fuck it'd feel so good. 

I moaned as I bit my lip, with one hand I was steadily jerking myself off now, while my other hand was lazily playing with my nipples.

I idly wondered if he ever thought about me when he masturbated. Probably not, seeing as he says he's straight, but I still wondered. If I ever made him as hot as he made me, so hot that he couldn't help himself anymore, and he just had to give in to his feelings and pleasure himself. 

I shivered at the thought of that, and 

"Davis, c-" I froze. I could have quickly moved my hands and shit but I didn't know what to do.

"Uh..." I wasn't sure what to say.

"Oh...uh. Yea. Just um, okay," he said, trying not to look at me as he awkwardly walked back out of the room.

Well fuck me.