 At a recent holiday party our eyes met. Strangers at first, but it ended well beyond that. At first just two men glancing innocently. Then another glance. Then a few more glances with subsequent stares. Now it was a game of obsession to see who could catch the other looking. Finally I walked up to him, brave from a few glasses of wine and holiday cheer. Brave to not only approach this handsome stranger in his late 20s, but also to finally act on my innermost desires to be with another man. Or at least try. Who would know if it would bomb. 

I said "Hi, I'm Jamie" and his corresponding smile told me he was down with every single thought inside my head. He greeted me back, introducing himself as Kyle with his words, but truly welcoming me and telling me all I needed to know with the attendant grab of my hand. A grab that lingered, and lingered, with a tight squeeze. Small talk ensued for 15-20 minutes, smiles and flirting exchanged. My heart racing, my first act on pent up impulses. But how far would it go? You see for years I have fantasized about giving head. I crave the tip of a shiny penis, I crave the taste of precum, I cannot get enough of the thought of being his dirty little slut and letting him fuck my mouth as he sees fit. All while donning women's attire, whether it be full blown slutwear, or even just some hose and heels to make me feel feminine. I was focused on pleasing him, and taking his cock in my mouth. Prior to that night a few weeks ago, "he" was unknown, yet at the same time was everyone. But here a real opportunity presented itself and I was ready to act. Tucked away in my car I had my emergency kit of size 11 heels, thigh highs, panty hose, and a skirt. Would I get the chance tonight?

After the small talk, I excused myself from Kyle for a minute and told him I had to grab something out of the car. He looked nervous, wondering if I was peeling off the encounter. Nothing could have been further from my mind. I assured him I would be back and when his blue eyes lit up with a smile, I knew he would wait. I grabbed my backpack out of the trunk and returned to the house party inside, which was starting to thin out as it neared midnight and people hit their limit. I grabbed Kyle's hand and announced I was back, his smile was like a hug. And I noticed in a few seconds a growing bulge in his dress pants. It was hard for him to hide it both because he was swollen beyond belief, but also because of the fact that he had 9 inches tucked in there and that cannot be constrained by many pants, let alone tight ones. 

I slowly grazed my hand over his erection, my heart absolutely thumping out of my chest cavity with excitement, and whispered "Where can we go?" He caught his breath and said "Follow me." Upstairs we went discreetly. Unbeknownst to me, Kyle's was the host's brother in law, and he was staying there for the weekend. He lead me to his room, and locked the door. Despite my newness to actually acting on these impulses, I moved forward effortlessly and without reservation. We began a long kiss as I felt his throbbing cock swell as he pushed up against me. My hand began to massage his erection through his pants. I needed to feel him now. Unbuttoning pants was never so easy, and underneath his soft white boxer briefs could barely contain his cock. Nor could it hide the small wet spot of precum that had begun to emerge. 

Down I dropped to my knees. I wanted to see the first cock I was going to suck and see it up close. As I pulled down his briefs, it sprung out hastily, as if his cock had a mind of its own and wanted to see me as bad as I it. I grabbed it with my left hand and the rush of electricity that shot through my body as skin contacted his shaft is beyond words. If I had grinded my cock at that moment I'd have cum in a few seconds at most. The scene had played in my mind for years, so what came next felt like a well-rehearsed performance of sorts -- yet completely spontaneous. I could feel Kyle's heart racing, when he offered that he had never received a good blow job from a man, only women. I told him I was about to change that. 

Slowly my lips approached his swollen, shiny and throbbing head. I licked around the glistening marvelous head slowly, then would wrap my lips tighter and tighter around his cock. Every so slightly I would move down a few millimeters, then back up, then back down a bit further, then back up. On and on. All the while letting my tongue circle the shaft and lick around his head full circle, then reverse direction, then pull off and look at Kyle in the eyes. A few times early on he was ready to blow but I pulled off and simply went on to lick his balls and scrotum until he calmed down. I wanted this to last and at the same time, wanted to build up his load for when I decided it was time for him to explode in my mouth or on my face. Finally Kyle relaxed and I was able to take all of him in my mouth and proceed to suck his cock and make oral love to that wonderful tool like it deserved. I was so taken by the moment and the experience, I had forgotten to do one thing: change. SO I asked Kyle to wait, then slowly put on the thigh highs and heels and got my sexy girl on for him. It drove him crazy as I curled my sexy legs (been complimented by men and women on my gams when in drag!) under me, so that the black heels on my stilettos were pressed up against my ass. And I continued to go to work on his magnificent cock. I was like a starved animal dying to eat. But my food was his swollen member and the hot load of cum I worked to unleash.

It is easy to say, but hard to convey, just how sexy and empowered and aroused and fucking ALIVE it made me feel to be giving another man a blowjob. I knew Kyle was enjoying himself both by his words, but more so by his moans, groans, rhythmic thrusting and the heavy panting. I wanted him to cum. I looked up at him, heels under me and nodded yes while his huge cock was in my mouth and surrounded by my lips. I wanted him to cum and nodded yes until I felt that moment which I now know is the time: the throb that comes just before he cums. And it came. And came. I swallowed what I could but drops spilled out on to my lips and down to my chin as I tried to stay on his cock and take him in and out. But I wanted every drop. After a good 8 or 9 waves of cum in my mouth, Kyle collapsed on the bed. I slowly collected the cum from my chin and on his belly and took it all in while looking him straight in the eye. Slowly licking and sucking his cock some more to help him wind down. I could have kept it in my mouth all night long. Kyle was absolutely floored and said it was THE best blowjob ever. True or not, I do know it was damn good and that I knew what I was doing despite it being my first. (More on that in a bit). And the enormous amount of hot sperm Kyle fed me proved it as well. I was in heaven knowing I acted out my desire finally and was good at it as well. And I didn't even cum!

That was the good news, the bad news was that Kyle's sister had been calling for him at points during what turned out to be a 37 minute blowjob. So we had to slide out of there discreetly and return to the party. Unfortunately Kyle left to go back to Atlanta the next day so there was no repeat encounter, though there may be down the road. 

But there is some more good news. My experience with Kyle unlocked something inside of me and liberated me to realize that I love giving head to men and that is my sweet spot, both as a giver and for what it does for me. In the weeks since my time with Kyle, I have had two other male encounters with two married but bi-sexual guys I have known for years, and the results have been equally as good. And both men have complimented me on my skills. So I will continue to enjoy myself in 2014 and bring arousal to other men with my blowjob skills. Fortunately I am in the greater Philadelphia area so finding willing participants who are discreet and up for some fun should not be a problem. And hey if you know of any let me know! 

So that's my story, hope you enjoy. I know I did, as did Kyle!