 There he was, he must have been about sixty years old, he had an amazing figure and a lovely tan as if he spent most of his time sun bathing. He was by the pool at the hotel I was staying in, for some reason I had taken a liking to him. I had never been with another man before but for some reason looking at him got me flustered. I quickly put a pair of shorts on and went down to the pool. I sat down a few sun beds away from him, not wanting to be too close. He turned his head towards me and smiled at me, blushing I smiled back.

I lay there on my sun bed for an hour when I heard someone say 'Would you like a drink?' There he was, this older man about forty years older than me asking me if I wanted a drink. I nodded and he went towards the bar, he got a couple of beers and brought them over to me.

"Do you mind if I sit here?" he asked.

I just nodded and he sat down next to me. His arm rubbing against mine, it sent lighting bolts up my spine. He handed me a beer and we started to make conversation about the holiday we were both on and what we both liked. It just seemed so natural speaking to this man that I have never met before. He had such a sexy voice, it was making me melt and I think he knew it. He stood up to go and turned around to face me.

"By the way my name is Bert." He said

"I'm Mike, it is really nice meeting you." I replied

"As you're here alone how do you fancy coming out with me and some of my friends tonight?" Bert asked.

"I'm not sure really, I don't want to be getting in the way." 

"If you're not sure don't worry, but if you do want to come out tonight I'm in room 50, make sure you are there at 8pm"

With that he turned around and walked off leaving me. I watched him walk away into the hotel we both were staying in. He did have a lovely body for a man forty years older than me. I lay back down on my sun bed and could feel my cock getting hard as I thought about him. I knew then that I would be meeting him to go out tonight. 

I stood at Bert's hotel door and knocked. There was no reply I looked at my watch I was early. I knocked again and waited, the door suddenly opened and Bert stood with just a towel wrapped around his waist. He invited me in and I sat down on the edge of his big double bed. He handed me a cold beer and smiled at me.

"Drink up Mike, sorry I am not ready, I was feeling very horny and had to have a wank. But looks like I'm going to have to wait till later now to finish it off."

I blushed bright red not knowing where to look. Bert caught onto this and dropped his towel. He looked me straight in the eye and we held our gaze for a while. Bert then looked down towards his cock and I followed with my eyes. He had a huge cock, it must have been about 8 inches and it was only semi hard. I had never seen a cock so big before.

"Do you like it Mike, I think you do, I have seen the way you have looked at me over the past couple of days. You want to touch it don't you, don't you Mike."

I just nodded as Bert walked over towards me. His big huge cock swinging as he walked. He stood in front of me, his cock just inches from my face. Grabbing my hand he placed it onto his cock. Knowing what he wanted I started to slowly wank his nice big cock. His cock head was massive and pre cum was already leaking out of it. The sight that was in front of me was turning me on so much. 

I looked up into Bert's eyes and smiled as I opened my mouth and took his cock head into it. Bert let out a little moan and his cock twitched. His cock grew bigger in my mouth. He must have been at least 12inches long and very thick. I sucked his cock head gently, using my tongue to lick around the tip and the underside of his cock. I went back up his cock with my tongue and took the head into my mouth and sucked harder. Bert grabbed the back of my head and started to push his cock into my mouth. I gagged as his huge cock started to go into my throat. There must have been at least 9inches of his hot hard cock in my mouth. Bert gripping my head tighter, started to fuck my face with hard deep thrusts. My gagging had stopped and I sucked as he fucked my face. Bert's hips started to buck wildly as he pumped his hot cum down my throat. The hot salty creamy taste was so nice. Bert pulled his cock out of my mouth and I licked it clean making sure that there was none of his cum left.

Bert pulled me to my feet and told me to take my clothes off. Going bright red, but with out saying anything and for some reason, I started to strip for him. My 9inch cock sprung free as I took my jeans off. I was now totally naked in front of Bert. He ran his hands over my smooth body and down to my cock. With his hands he gave my cock and balls a tight squeeze and told me to kneel on the bed. 

I knelt down on the bed facing away from him like I was instructed. He parted my legs and made me push my bum out towards him. Bert started to lube my little bum hole with some sort of oil. Then there was a bit of pressure and Bert pushed his finger into my tight ass then another. A gasp slipped past my lips as he started to push his fingers in and out of my ass. Spreading them as he started to pull them out to make my tight hole stretch. Bert removed his fingers and slapped my ass hard with his hand. 

As I was trying to get over the stinging of my bum cheek I felt Bert's huge cock head against my tight hole. He was pushing his cock head against it, I could feel my hole starting to open. Bert held onto my hips and pushed harder, his cock head started to enter my ass, I screamed out loud and tears started to form in my eyes. My hole being stretched wide open, Bert kept pushing then he stopped, his cock head was now in my ass. After a short while Bert continued to push his huge cock into my ass inch by inch he went into me. My once tight hole stretched wide by Bert's huge cock. With one last hard push Bert had all 12inches in my hole. Holding onto my hips Bert fucked me hard and fast. Pulling nearly all the way out and pushing back into my hole. I found myself pushing back onto Bert's cock trying to get him deeper in me. Bert soon started to buck and pushed his hard cock into my ass one last time as I felt his hot cum shoot into my once virgin ass. Staying in me he leant towards my ear.

"Your ass and body are now mine, you are my new young lover. Stay there and don't move." Bert said firmly.

I did as Bert told me. I didn't move even when I could feel his cum starting to leak out of my hole. I again felt something cold against my ass. I looked around and saw Bert starting to push a big butt plug into my cum filled ass.

"That will keep my cum in your ass." Bert informed me.

I smiled at him, it felt strange, I had never had a butt plug in my hole before. Just as I was getting used to the feeling Bert grabbed my balls. He then started to wrap cord around them tightly. My balls in seconds went bright red and my cock started to grow. Seeing this Bert smiled and tied cord around the base of my cock as well. He pulled me to my feet and I stood there in front of him. My cock pointing at him and my balls looking like a pair of plums. The butt plug in my ass made me feel horny every time I moved. He handed me my clothes and told me to get dressed. Once we had both put our clothes on he started to tell me what was going to happen tonight.

"We are going to meet up with some of my friends who live out here. You will be nice to all four of them. They like young men like you and you will like them too."

We left our hotel and made our way to his friend's house. Bert knocked on the door. An older answered the door and invited us in, he directed us into what appeared to be the lounge. There were three other men in the room none of them were any younger than sixty. They all looked at me and smiled at me. Bert came up next to me.

"Mike, this is Jeff, Alan, Norman and Sid. You are their entertainment for the night. You are going to please them all and I will be filming everything you do. Are you up for that Mike?" Bert asked.

"Yes, I am Bert I will please them and help them have fun." I replied

"Good Mike, take all your clothes off and go and show Sid and the others how much you like them." Bert ordered.

I stood in the middle of the floor and stripped naked. My tied balls and cock springing out. I walked over to Sid and got on my knees. Sid already had his cock out and I took it into my mouth. Sucking him deep into my throat. My head bobbing up and down on his cock. As I was sucking him I felt some one pull the butt plug out of my ass. I got onto my hands and knees and felt a big hard cock enter me. Who ever it was fucked my hole hard and fast.

Sid soon released his hot cum into my mouth and throat. No sooner had he pulled out Jeff was putting his cock in. He didn't take his time, he grabbed the back of my head and pushed his 10inch cock straight down my throat making me choke and gag as he fucked my face. I soon felt cum shooting into my ass as Alan pumped his cum into my hole. He pulled out, I could feel his and Bert's cum running down my legs as Norman pushed his cock head in my bum hole. He just held his cock head in the entrance of my ass. Jeff pulled out his cock so his head was resting on my tongue. Then both Norman and Jeff shoved their cocks deep into my body filling me up. I tried screaming as it felt as if I was being ripped apart. But Jeff's cock stopped any noise coming out of my mouth. They were fucking me as fast as they could, deep long strokes. I was being totally used and was being fucked hard by both of them. They soon erupted at the same time, filling my holes with hot sticky cum.

My ass was fucked at least twice more by all four of them and my mouth was used non-stop. Bert came over to me and filmed me close up. I was covered in cum it was leaking out of my mouth and ass. My ass hole was gapping. That morning I was a virgin and now I was a fuck toy. Sid stood up and went and got a glass. He handed it to me and told me to push the cum out of my ass into the glass. I did the best I could and soon had half the glass filled, with the cum of the four older men who had just fucked me.

"Drink it now." All five men in the room said.

I put the glass to my lips and drunk the cum. It tasted so bitter as it went over my tongue and down my throat. As I was doing this all five men were wanking their cocks next to my face. As soon as I had finished drinking the cum the first shot of cum hit me in the face. Each man shot his load over my face whilst Bert filmed every second of it.

By the end of the night we were all worn out. Bert told me to get dressed as we were going back to the hotel. On the way back to the hotel Bert informed me that I had been good young man. He patted me on the ass, and squeezed my now hurting cock and balls as they were still tied up. As we entered the hotel people looked at me as I still had cum over my face and in my hair. We went upstairs to Bert's room and took our clothes of and got into bed. Bert spooned up behind me his cock resting between my cheeks as he undone the cord around my cock and balls.

"Tomorrow we will be meeting more of my friends." Bert informed me.

"I can't wait." I replied.

Bert wrapped his arms around me, I, felt so content and happy, as we both drifted off into a deep sleep.