 It was pretty much just another day at home. Sitting here surfing the internet. Normally I would be at work or out riding my Harley, but today I had the day off from work and wouldn't you know it was raining, so no riding today. My wife was at work today, so I couldn't even talk to her.

I often rise early and surf the net, play games and stuff. It is just my wife and myself at home so I am hardly ever dressed when I'm here. Today was no different. 

It was about 9am and I had been surfing the web for a couple of hours, when there came a knock at the door. [This was unusual as no one ever came by this early]. So without thinking I just got up and went to the door and answered it {still naked as jay bird}. To my surprise it was a kid I worked with. "What's up Mike?" I asked. Not you he responded, looking down at my limp cock and grinning. Just then I realized I was still naked. I blushed, as I tried to apologize. He just chuckled and asked if he could come in. I said sure and opened the door wider for him. Mike was a scrapping young man of 19 yrs. Built like a brick shit house, very toned and tanned. I call him a kid because I am in my 50's.

As he came through the door, I said excuse me while I put something on. He stopped me and said he wasn't bothered by it if I wasn't. I thought for a moment and figured if it wasn't a big deal to him, then it wasn't to me either. We walked into the living room and sat down. Again I asked what was up? He said nothing really, "I was bored at home and thought I would come over cause I knew you were off today and figured you weren't riding with the weather like it is." You don't mind do you, he asked. No not at all.

I looked at Mike and asked if he wanted a cup of coffee as I was getting myself one, he said sure if I didn't mind. As I got up to go in the kitchen, I noticed he was looking at my cock. I felt fairly embarrassed at this, but kept on going. When I came back into the living room Mike asked if he could strip down some to. I wasn't sure what to make of that, but said sure if you want.

I handed him his coffee and sat down on the couch. Mike sat his coffee down and stood up taking his shirt off {wow I thought, he has some bulging muscles} and laid it on the arm of the chair, then to my surprise he undone his pants and quickly took them off exposing his boxer briefs {that were quite full to say the least} and then sat back down. 

I suddenly started having thoughts of how big he looked through his boxers. What was I doing, I'm not gay, I thought to myself. I can't believe I was looking at another mans crotch. Mike must have noticed that I was getting a little uncomfortable with the situation and started talking about sex. That is one of my favorite topics. He proceeded to tell me about this he was with last night and how good she sucked cock and that fucking her was great. He was telling me how she deep throated his cock for what seemed like an hour. He hesitated for a moment, and then started telling me how she then rode him like a horse for a couple of hours until they both came. He wasn't one for a lot of details I thought. So I asked him how he liked her. He said she was ok but he needed something different. Dumb-assed me had to ask what he wanted. 

He proceeded to tell me he had always wanted to be with a man to see how it was. I was a little shocked to say the least. He then asked me if I had ever been with a man, of course I quickly said no. Me either he said but I have thought about it, how about you he asked. I said that I had never givin it any thought. Well not much anyway, I added. But, you have thought about it then. Yes I guess I have a little. 

He looked me square in the eye and asked if I would be willing to give it a try with him and that no-one would ever know if we did. I just kind of looked back at him, not knowing what to say. He said still looking at me that he would take my silence as a maybe. I just sat there taking another drink of my coffee not saying a word. 

After a couple of minutes he stood up and took his boxers off and I damn near choked on my coffee. There he was standing in front of me with what had to be a 10 in. cock limp. Oh my god was all I could say as I stared at this huge member. He just chuckled and said pretty big huh? I looked up at him and said you think. He moved over beside me still standing and took my hand and put it on his cock. I couldn't help myself as I started to stroke it up and down. To my surprise it started getting even bigger. As I was going up and down on this massive cock, it was now at least 15in. Long. I could not believe that I was doing this. I was fascinated by Mike's huge cock. 

While I was still stroking his cock he started telling me how most women thought he was a freak and very few ever tried to take all of him in their pussy, and getting a good blow was practically impossible. The girl last night was about as good as it gets he said. She could only get about a third of it in her mouth and only about half of it in her wet pussy. I looked at his now super huge cock and said I can see why. 

For some unknown reason I just couldn't take my hand off of his huge member. "You like my cock don't you bitch," he said. I couldn't believe he just called me a bitch. Even at that all I could say was ,"yes." Then to my surprise he pulled me up off the couch and planted his lips square on mine and stuck his tongue down my throat and to my surprise I did the same to him. We just stood there French kissing for a couple of minutes, very deep and passionate. As we broke our kiss he looked at me and said ' I want you to be my man slut, you understand me?" "yes I do," I replied. With that said he pushed me down on the couch and stuck his massive cock in my face and said you know what to do. And like an obedient bitch I stuck it in my mouth and started sucking on his cock. At first like all the women he had been with I couldn't get much in my mouth and I honestly never thought I would be trying to. After all, his cock was now at least 15in. In length and at least 8in. In diameter. But, I found as he started pumping ever so slowly in my mouth, I was able to take more and more of his huge cock. Soon to my surprise I had all 15in. Down my throat and he was fucking my throat for all it was worth.

He fucked my mouth for a several minutes when I suddenly felt him tense up and I knew he was getting ready to cum down my throat. I just knew I would gag and choke when he did. But, I didn't, instead I drained his cock of all he had to offer and kept sucking even after he was drained. I finally stopped sucking on his cock and looked up at him. He just stood there in amazement. Finally he said "wow, no one has ever done that before." 

He pulled me up off the couch and we embraced and gave each other a kiss. As I reached down to fondle his cock, I found that it was getting hard again. Mike spun me around and said "now I am going to fuck you like the bitch you are, understand me slut?" I knew there was no way I could take this massive cock up my ass. I told him there was no way. He just smiled and started rubbing his cock up and down my ass crack. Then I felt something warm on my ass, he brought some kind of lubricant. He gently massaged it in my ass hole until he had just about his whole hand in there. The thing that amazed me was it didn't hurt.

After a few moments of the massaging he put the head of his now hard cock at the opening of my virgin asshole. He started rubbing up and down it until I felt the head penetrate my hole. Ever so gently he buried his self deeper and deeper in me until he had all 15 inches in there and then started fucking me for all he was worth and I in turn started bucking up and down on his huge member. He fucked me for an hour I know before he came. He tried to pull out, but I wasn't having any of that. I sat him down on the couch with his cock still buried deep inside me. I started fucking him until I finally felt his cock starting to swell again. I rode him for at least a couple of hours before he came again and this time I let him quit. 

I made him fuck me a couple of more times before he left. I never ever thought I would like being with a man. To actually take a massive cock like his all the way in my ass, was just unbelievable. I would never have thought an ass could take that much in it. Mike had certainly turned me into his man slut and I liked it.

As he was leaving he looked at me and said I'll be back. I certainly hope so.

Things sure happen fast.