 I was driving back home from my college homecoming football game. I graduated three years earlier but since I lived about three hours away I usually went to all the games especially homecoming. The current girl I was dating had bailed out at the last moment so I was driving by myself. I did tailgate with my college buddies for awhile but I was careful not to drink too much since I still had a three hour drive home.

My girlfriend Jackie had a last minute conflict and stayed home but I thought about her as I drove. Jackie was fun to be with and she was a great fuck. She loved it in the ass and I was anxious to get home now and slide my cock between her marvelous buttocks. She loved it doggy style and I loved watching my cock slide in and out of her bubble butt.

My thoughts were interrupted when the dashboard on my car lit up like the fourth of July. The car started losing power and I looked for a place to pull over. Fortunately I was able to guide the car onto a side street and stop in a residential neighborhood. I knew that what was ever wrong was beyond my ability to fix it. I called the 800 number for road service and the person told me that I needed to take the car to a dealer for service. They didn't have a tow service available so I had to make my own arrangements. I was about two hours from home and I didn't know the area very well. It was already 8:00 PM.

I decided to go up to one of the houses and ask if I could borrow a phone book to call a towing service. I picked the house that I parked in front of and went up to the front door. I knocked in the door and within minutes a young man about my age opened the door. He smiled and asked what he could do for me. I told him what happened and he invited me in to use the phone book and his phone. As I made the call I had the sense that he was checking me out and sizing me up.

I tried several towing services but none of them could tow the car until the next morning. I knew that all the hotels and motels within an hour of the university would be booked due to the homecoming weekend. So I decided to sleep in the car and wait for the tow truck. I told the guy what my plans were and thanked him for letting me use the phone.

"That's not necessary. I have a spare bedroom that guests use. You can stay there tonight," he offered.

"I don't want to impose," I replied but I knew that a bed was a better alternative than sleeping in the car.

"It's no imposition the room is there to use," he offered again.

I took him up on his offer and we then made the introductions. His name was Nicky and he was year older than my 25 years. Nicky was about 5' 10" and I guessed 150 pounds. He had light brown hair and seemed very fit. Myself I weighed in at 200 lbs and I stood 6'3" tall. I too had light brown hair and I kept myself in excellent shape. I was an avid tennis player and I worked out six days a week in the gym.

Nicky asked me if I wanted a drink and I opted for a beer. He got two beers and invited me to sit down. We sat opposite each other in his great room. Nicky had a nice house, small but tasteful. He had three bedrooms, the master, one he used for an office and the guest room. He sipped our beers and chatted for while. Nicky was interested in my social live so I told him that I was dating Jackie. He got a couple of more beers and we chatted some more.

"Curt, have you ever had sex with a guy," he asked.

I was obviously surprised by the question but I decided to be honest, "Yeah, a couple of times when I was in Europe. I got a couple of blow jobs but I am not interested in cock."

"Did you enjoy it?" he asked.

I knew where this was going and at that moment decided that if he wanted to suck my cock I would let him. Why not? No one else would know and I could get my rocks off.

"Yes I did. This young Italian guy gave great head," I admitted.

"Would you like me to suck your cock? I would like to. Will you let me suck you?" Nicky asked almost begging.

"I guess so if you want," I answered and stood up to take my cock out.

"No wait please, let's go to my room," he offered.

So I followed Nicky into his bedroom. As I walked behind him I noticed his shapely bubble butt and I wondered if he liked it in the ass as well. I hadn't told Nicky that I fucked the young Italian as well so it wouldn't be a first for me.

"Do you mind if I take off my clothes too?" he asked.

"No not at all," I replied and we both undressed. 

Nicky sat on the edge of the bed and drew me in toward him. He caressed the back of my legs and cheeks of my ass as his warm, wet, wonderful mouth began sucking on my cock. He ran his hands over my abs and scraped them lightly with his fingernails. I was so horny I almost shot right then and there. Nicky was massaging the head of my cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled my cock with his tongue and scraped it lightly with his teeth. I felt the light scraping of his teeth. My cock felt harder and longer than it ever had been in my life and I felt I was going to shoot.

Nicky took my cock out of his mouth and looked up at me as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged my bloated balls. At that time I felt longer than my 7+" and bigger around then 5." He put it back in his mouth and then took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged my balls. He tickled my cock head with his tongue and teased my pee slit. He was bringing me up and down and I was close to cumming few times. Nicky seemed to know when I was getting close, and he would do things making me last longer, torturing me in the process.

Nicky looked up at me smiling and stroking my slick cock. Then he asked, "Ready to cum Curt"?

"God, yes" I replied.

Nicky then took my cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. No one had ever deep throated me until now. He swirled his tongue around the length of my shaft, nibbled on my cock head and sucked me hard. Nicky reached under my balls and rubbed the hardness between my balls and anus. I could feel my cock thickening and I knew I was going to cum. There was no stopping me this time.

Nicky grabbed my ass cheeks with both hands as I exploded in his mouth. I fired round after round of cum into his mouth and Nicky sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. The force of shooting my load was so intense that it almost hurt. I lost track of time for awhile and just held onto Nicky's head as he milked my cock for every drop.

My legs were weak and I had to sit down. I sat on the edge of the bed and Nicky knelt down between my knees keeping my cock in his mouth. He massaged my balls as he continued to suck my cock clean until it shrank and left his mouth. Nicky continued to lick and kiss my cock sending chills and shivers through my body.

I said, "That was incredible, thank you."

"So you liked it," he replied with a grin.

"What was not to like," I returned.

After all the beer and a recent cum, I had to pee. I excused my self and walked naked into his bathroom. After I relieved myself I washed my hands and my penis before I returned to the bedroom. To my surprise Nicky was in bed on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. I could feel a tingling in my loins as I looked at his hot ass. Nicky's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He looked like a girl in this position.

"Curt, I would like you to fuck me," he said in a sultry voice. "You would like to fuck me wouldn't you?" he asked.

My cock was hardening and I approached the bed. I knelt behind Nicky and I begin to caress his beautiful ass. He handed me some lotion and asked me to get his ass ready for my cock. I put an ample amount of lotion in my hands and rubbed it all around Nicky's bung hole. Then I inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing him for my cock.

I was no stranger to preparing assholes for my cock but this was the first time I was preparing a man's bottom. However as I sawed my fingers in and out of his anus I was getting turned on by the thought of burying my cock in his shapely ass. I moved closer to Nicky and lined up the head of my cock with his anal opening and began to ease it into to him.

Nicky cautioned, "Not too deep at first, then deeper."

I spat on my hand and rubbed my saliva all over my cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. My cock head cleared his sphincter and I fed it to Nicky a little at a time. His ass chute was warm and tight as I went deeper and deeper into him. Soon I was all the way in Nicky's ass and I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round ass. 

Nicky asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. My balls started bouncing off of his balls and Nicky was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot my seed in his ass. I tried to make it last as long as possible but once Nicky started to contract his anal muscles I lost it.

I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing. As I continued to fuck him, my jizm backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out flowing over his balls. Nicky used his talented anal muscles to milk my cock and drain it of all my seed. I didn't think that I would ever be soft again as I remained hard in his tight sheath. Nicky's milking action weakened me and I collapsed on top of his body.

Nicky flattened out on the bed with me on top and my cock still in his ass. We eventually moved to our sides and lay next to each other exhausted. I could see the bed sheets where Nicky had shot his load sometime during our fuck session. We both dozed off and sometime during our rest my cock softened and slipped from his asshole.

I stayed in the same bed with Nicky that night and he lay curled up against me with his ass pressing into my body. I had draped an arm around him and we cuddled as if a man and woman. Sometime during the night I awoke with an erection and I eased it into Nicky's ass. We fucked lying on our sides with a slow gentle rhythm until I unleashed my third load of the day the second in his ass. We fell back asleep with my cock still sheathed in his ass.

SUNDAY MORNING

I woke up before Nicky and I headed for the shower. I was lathering myself with soap when Nicky entered the shower. 

"Let's wash each other," he suggested.

We soaped each other up with Nicky focusing on my cock and me on his ass. I enjoyed fingering his asshole as he stroked my soapy cock. Nicky then held my cock in one hand and then ran the flat part of his other hand over the head of my cock. It sent chills through my body and I told him I would shoot if he didn't stop. No one had ever done that to me and it left me rock hard.

Nicky turned and faced the shower wall and guided my cock to his ass. My soapy cock slid easily into to soapy asshole. Nicky braced himself with both hands on the shower wall and arched his back accentuating his shapely ass. I ran my hands over his curvy ass as I fucked him methodically with long slow strokes. I pulled my cock almost out of his ass and then let it slide all the way back in. Nicky looked so hot with my dick sliding in and out of glistening wet ass. In a matter of minutes my body stiffened and I filled his ass with my seed. Nicky groaned as he jerked himself off and shot his wad onto the shower wall. It was the first time I saw him shoot.

"I don't think I will ever be able to get enough of your cock this weekend Curt," Nicky said as he held my deflated organ in his hand stroking it tenderly.

"Come on I'll make us some breakfast," Nicky offered.

We both dried off after the shower and Nicky handed me a terry robe. He wore one just like it as we went into the kitchen. Nicky made a pot of coffee and then went about cooking up a couple of omelets. The breakfast was delicious and I helped Nicky clean up in the kitchen. Then we grabbed the Sunday paper, another cup of coffee and headed into the family room. We just about finished reading the paper when the doorbell rang. The towing service had arrived.

The driver explained to me that he could only tow my car locally today. However, if I waited until tomorrow they would have a flat bed available and they could tow it back to my dealer. If I waited until Monday I could ride back with the driver. My other option was to rent a car and head back today but Nicky would not hear of it. He offered to let me stay at the house another night and I agreed.

Nicky and I then returned to reading the Sunday paper and finishing up the coffee. It was already 1:00 PM and I asked Nicky if we could watch pro football. He turned the game on and it turned out to be a blowout and boring to watch.

"Curt, have you ever watched porn?" Nicky inquired.

"Sure but not in awhile," I replied.

"I have some do you want to watch it?"

"Sure why not, the game sucks anyway."

Nicky opened the drawer under the TV and selected a DVD. He popped it in the player and I watched as the title "Boys in Uniform" appeared on the screen. The movie was composed of a number of sex scenes with different actors but there was no story line or flow. The actors were young and hung.

The first scene was at a private boy's school. Two boys were naked in a 69 position when a third boy dressed in the school uniform entered the room. He acted upset with the other two boys who immediately jumped up and stood with their erect cocks standing straight up. Then the two naked boys jumped the third boy and began stripping off his clothes. The boy acted as if he was resisting and protesting but before long he was as naked as the other two. 

Then the three of them began to suck and fuck one another. The one boy acted as if it was his first time and that he was surprised by everything that happened. Soon he was on all fours with a cock in his ass and another one in his mouth. Then they fucked and sucked while rotating positions. Finally the reluctant boy was on his back getting fucked missionary style while he had his head turned to one side sucking on the other boy's cock. The one fucking him jerked him off and soon the three of them were cumming. 

As in any porn movie they show the cum shot. The boy getting fucked came first and sprayed cum all over his chest and abs. Then the one fucking him pulled out of his ass and sprayed his load on the boy's chest and abs. The third boy pulled out of his mouth and shot streams of cum on the boy's chest and abs. The boy lying on his back was cum drenched. The other two boys then rubbed the cum into the third boy's body and then they all collapsed next to each other. 

I looked over at Nicky and he had his robe open and he was stroking his erect cock. I could feel my own cock stir under the robe. The next scene then appeared on the screen. This one was in a hotel room and two bell boys in uniform had just brought up this guys luggage. The guy apologized for not having smaller bills to tip the bellboys. Well the next thing the guy was on his knees sucking off the two bellboys.

The scene then flashed ahead and they were all naked. The two bellboys were fucking the other guy on all fours. One bellboy was being sucked off while the other one was fucking the hotel guest who was jerking off his cock. They all shot their wads with the guest shooting a massive load on the carpet while his face, back and ass were covered in cum. 

I heard Nicky breathing hard and I looked at him. His 6" cock was very hard and he was slowly stroking it obviously he did not want to cum quickly. He looked over at me and smiled. Then he returned his attention to the movie. My cock was also rock hard under my robe but I elected not to jerk off.

The next scene was a little bizarre. There were three cheerleaders, two guys and one girl dressed in their cheerleading outfits. The girl was on the sofa between two guys and they were kissing her and feeling her up. Soon they had her sweater off and then her sport bra came off revealing a nice set of tits. The two guys sucked on her tits as she fished their cocks out of their pants and began to jerk them off. The guys then stood up and took off all their clothes. They then rejoined the girl on the sofa and she grabbed onto their cocks again.

The two guys kissed her tits and her stomach as they made their way to her pussy. They pulled up her skirt and slowly pulled her panties down. The waistband of her panties snagged and then released a huge cock. This was no girl. It was a tranny and he was beautiful. The two guys sucked on the tranny's cock and balls. Pretty soon the tranny was alternating fucking both guys in the ass as they knelt side by side. I couldn't believe how that big dick disappeared in both assholes. The tranny eventually came and shot his load over both sets of buttocks. Then the two guys went into a 69 position and sucked each other until they came spraying each other's face with cum.

That scene was very hot and I kept looking at the tranny. He looked so much like a girl in was scary. But the huge cock did give him away. Nicky had stopped stroking his cock and he just massaged his balls as he opted not to cum in his hand. My cock was straining beneath the robe now. Nicky moved over next to me on the sofa and opened my robe. He then took my erect cock in his hand and slowly stroked it as we watched the movie again.

The next scene was played out as a police raid where four policemen entered a home and found two young guys in a 69 position sucking each other's cock. It didn't take long for the policemen to lose their clothes and get in the action. The two young guys were placed on all fours and they took one cock in their mouth and the other in their ass. They fucked and sucked until all six of them came.

The last scene was in a hospital room. A nurse wearing a very short skirt and showing cleavage was leaning over the hospital bed sucking a patient's cock. The doctor then came in and then he got behind the nurse, lifted her skirt, pulled her panties down and shoved his cock in her ass. The scene jumped ahead and they were then all naked in the bed. It was another pretty tranny with nice tits and he was on his back getting fucked by the doctor while he sucked on the patient's cock. The patient then straddled the nurse and ran his cock between the tranny's tits as the tranny licked the cock head. The doctor had the tranny's legs pushed back and plowed the nurse's ass with his big cock as he jerked on the tranny's cock.

The first to cum was the patient and he sprayed cum all over the nurse's face and tits. Then the nurse came as the doctor jerked him off and his cum hit the patient in the back. The doctor then pulled his cock from the tranny's ass and shot a volcanic load all over his abs, cock and balls. That scene had definitely turned me on and pre cum was leaking from my cock. Nicky rubbed the pre cum over my cock head and then took me in his mouth. 

"Curt can we take this back to my room?" Nicky gasped after releasing my cock from his mouth.

We went back to the bedroom and dropped our robes. Nicky was very pleased with my cock and he immediately dropped to his knees and took it in his mouth. Nicky sucked my cock until I was rock hard and then begged me to fuck him in the ass again. He got up on the bed on all fours and asked me to prepare his ass for my cock. I got the lube out and poured an ample amount in his asshole. I took my time fingering Nicky's until he pleaded with me to stop teasing him and fuck him.

I knelt behind Nicky and lined my cock up with his asshole and pressed forward pushing my cock head past his sphincter. Nicky groaned as my large cock opened up his back door. He reached back and placed a hand on my thigh in an effort to control the penetration. I took my time and worked my cock in slowly inch by inch until it was buried in Nicky's asshole. As I fucked Nicky from behind, he really looked like a girl with my cock in his ass. I thought about the trannies in the movie and thought that Nicky could pass for a girl with longer hair. Then I thought it would be great if Nicky had tits.
