 It had been a week since I had sex with Nicky and I was still amazed that I could be so turned on fucking another guy. Nicky gave great head and I loved fucking his tight bubble butt. I was on my way over to my girlfriend Jackie's apartment as I thought about my encounter with Nicky. I had a hard-on while I was driving and I was looking forward to shoving my erect cock into Jackie's ass.

Jackie had come to like the routine of my fucking her ass first before I fucked her pussy. She liked the feeling of cum in her ass while I drilled her cunt. She was really a hot girl and I loved having sex with her. I took my cell phone to call her and then realized that the battery had run down. I wasn't that concerned since I was almost to her apartment. I did wonder through how long my battery had been dead in case anyone had tried to reach me. It was amazing how dependent our society had become on cell phones.

When I reached the apartment complex I parked in the visitor area and walked over to her apartment unit. I knocked on the door and waited a few minutes. I had a key to Jackie's apartment so I let myself in. I assumed that she was probably in the bathroom. I walked in and looked around and sure enough I spotted Jackie with her back to me in the bathroom. She was completely naked and I took in her slim lines down to her perfect ass. I walked quietly toward her and then I reached out and cupped one of her shapely ass cheeks.

Jackie leaped in surprise and spun around. Only it wasn't Jackie it was her younger brother Kyle. I stared as he turned toward me and his erect cock danced in front of him as he spun around. I was stunned and embarrassed.

"Holy shit Curt, you scared the hell out of me," Kyle gasped.

I stared at his body amazed at how much he resembled his sister when he was naked. He had the same color blonde hair worn short just covering his neck. His body was hairless and his skin flawless. From the back he looked just like Jackie, about the same height with a slender shapely body and a perfect bubble butt. 

"I'm so sorry Kyle I thought you were Jackie," I apologized.

"Well I'll take that as a compliment," Kyle laughed.

I noticed that his cock was still hard and he saw my eyes glance at it. He was certainly average in the cock department and I guessed him to be right around 6 inches with normal girth. 

"Sorry about this," he said as he grabbed his erection, "I was thinking of something and I started to jerk off."

I couldn't believe how frank he was about his situation. Jackie had told me once that she suspected her brother was gay but she couldn't prove it and he had never discussed it with her. Kyle was a 19 year old sophomore at the community college.

"Where's Jackie?" I finally asked.

"Oh she's gone for the weekend with some girlfriends. She said she tried to call you several times and she left a bunch of messages," he told me.

I observed Kyle as he shifted his weight to one side and flipped his hand up as he replied. His body language was definitely feminine. I was surprised that his cock was still erect and I attributed that to his youthful horniness.

"Shit my cell phone is dead. I need to recharge it," I said aloud obviously annoyed at myself.

"Well she will be gone until tomorrow evening and she told me I could hang out at the apartment if I wanted. It beats hanging around the dorm all weekend," Kyle told me.

"Sure I can appreciate that," I answered.

Kyle must have noticed my disappointment with Jackie's departure and he asked, "Hey I just made some coffee, do you want to hang out a while?"

"Sure, coffee sounds good but do me a favor and put some pants on," I replied.

Kyle laughed and said, "Oh sorry about that."

Kyle put on a pair of spandex shorts that showed off every curve of his ass. The outline of his erect cock was still visible in his shorts. He actually looked sexier with the shorts on and I wasn't sure it was an improvement over his nakedness. I felt my cock stir as I wondered if he took it in the ass. Then I scolded myself for thinking about my girlfriend's brother that way. I sat in an easy chair as Kyle poured the coffee and I watched him as he carried it in. Kyle moved like a girl and his body language clearly sent the message that he was gay. He set my coffee on the end table and I watched his curvy ass as he moved over to the sofa. 

Kyle and I chatted while we had the coffee. He then got us refills and once again I watched his curvy body move gracefully to and from the kitchen. We talked about college, business, politics and other topics before Kyle turned the conversation toward sex.

"Curt do you consider yourself straight or bi?" he asked.

"That's a hell of a question. Why do you ask me that?" I replied a little shocked.

"Well I know that you are fucking my sister but I also noticed the way you watch me," he answered and then asked, "Have you ever had sex with a guy before?"

I couldn't believe that I was hearing the same question that Nicky asked only a week ago and I replied with the same answer. I decided not to tell Kyle about my experience the previous week with Nicky.

"Yes but it was awhile ago when I was in Italy. I met this young Italian guy and he sucked my cock," I admitted.

"Did you fuck him too?" Kyle pressed.

I decided to be honest, "Yes I did."

"Did you like it? Did you like fucking him?" Kyle asked excitedly.

I could see his cock was still hard in his spandex shorts when I answered him, "Actually I did Kyle. He gave great head and I liked fucking him in his shapely cute ass," I replied firmly almost sounding annoyed at his persistence.

"I'm sure that you have fucked girls in the ass and have gotten blow jobs from them. Is there really any difference between a guy's mouth and a girl's mouth or a guy's asshole and a girl's asshole?" he continued.

"You know Kyle based on my experience I would have to say no. Once you get passed the taboo that it's a guy and it is gay sex, I have to say there is no difference," I agreed.

"I hoped you would say that," he said with a smile and then asked, "Would you like to fuck me? I know that you like my ass."

In a way I wasn't surprised by the question and I thought why not. Jackie was gone for the weekend. No one would know, it would just be like Nicky last weekend and I was horny as hell. However I decided to play it cool.

"I don't know Kyle. Your offer is tempting but I am dating your sister," I replied.

"No one has to know and no one will know unless you tell them. We can be discreet. I have always thought that you were hot and I often thought about you fucking my sister. I wished your cock was sliding into my hole rather than hers and I would jerk off thinking about it," Kyle said excitedly.

"I have to tell you Kyle before we go any further that I am not into cock," I said firmly.

"I didn't think you were and that's fine with me," he said and I noticed his voice crack this time.

From there we moved into the bedroom and stripped naked. We were both hard and our cocks bobbed in front of us. I got in my girlfriend's bed and lay on my back. Kyle got in and lay beside me. He reached down and cupped my bloated balls. As he massaged my balls I felt like my entire body was on fire. His hand moved up and began to stroke me and I could feel the pre-cum he had created spread itself down my shaft. His finger grazed my dick-hole and the contact with my soft sensitive skin made me shudder. His one hand cupped my balls as his other seized my shaft and began to slide up and down stroking and squeezing it.

I felt Kyle re-position himself on my bed and then I felt his tongue begin to lap at my throbbing rod. His arms reached behind my legs and pulled me towards him while his tongue slid down to my rigid cock tasting me and sucking me. He took my balls in his mouth and pulled at them with his lips as my dick stiffened with my lustful pleasure. He sucked both balls into his mouth and his tongue danced across them in his warm mouth. I let out a low moan as his hands reached around under me to massage and squeeze my ass cheeks with his delicate hands. I felt that I could cum at any moment. 

I whispered to him, "Kyle I'm so close."

He pulled his mouth off of me and looked me in the eyes as he said, "Curt you are going to cum in my mouth I want to taste you."

Kyle then seized my dick and engulfed me in his mouth. My swollen cock collided with the roof of his mouth as he swirled his tongue around it. He sucked me hard causing me to arch my hips and then his head bobbed up and down my shaft. I felt the familiar signs of an incredible orgasm building within me. His lips were twisting around the shaft of my cock and he plunged his mouth to the base of my cock then he re-chambered and plunged again. All of a sudden he stopped and used his tongue to stroke the underside of my cock head driving me crazy.

I was beside myself as I needed to cum. I began bucking against him in an effort to get myself off but Kyle wouldn't move tantalizing me with his inaction. Frustrated I stopped bucking and laid there giving up on what I expected to be a great orgasm. Kyle had me exactly where he wanted me and then he suddenly cupped my balls as his lips surrounded my cock and he sucked me toward him. I felt my cum building inside of me and I exploded into his mouth. I groaned in immense pleasure as streams of hot cum landed against the roof of his mouth and the back of his throat. I felt his throat muscles contract as he drank it down and searched for more. I came as much as I ever had in my life even with Jackie. Kyle's mouth never left me as he continued to suck on my cock. Finally I couldn't cum anymore and I collapsed down into the bed as my body tingled from head to toe.

As I lay there I was lost for words as I still felt the overwhelming pleasure of more male sex. I watched as Kyle lay next to me and stroked his impressive cock. I saw Kyle stiffen and then I watched in amazement as ropes and ropes of cum shot out of his cock and covered his body from his neck to his abs. I never knew that anyone could cum that much. I got turned on just watching Kyle shoot his load and my dick was hard again. My state of desire did not escape Kyle and he spoke to me. 

"Curt I would love for you to fuck me. Would you like to fuck me?" Kyle said in more of a request than a question. "I want to feel your cock in my ass. I want you to fuck me," he said again.

"Yes, I want to fuck you." I admitted.

Kyle rolled over on all fours and handed me a tube of lubricant. "Take your time and prepare me for your cock and then fuck me in the ass like you would fuck my sister in her ass," he said.

I knelt behind Kyle and I begin to caress his beautiful ass his body was delicate, hairless and flawless. I couldn't believe how much Kyle looked like Jackie from behind with his shapely curvy ass in the air. I put an ample amount of lotion in my hands and rubbed it all around Kyle's bung hole. Then I inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing him for my cock.

I was no stranger to preparing assholes for my cock but this was the only the second time I was preparing a man's bottom. However as I sawed my fingers in and out of his anus I was getting turned on by the thought of burying my cock in his shapely ass. I moved closer to Kyle and lined up the head of my cock with his anal opening and began to ease it into to him. 

I spat on my hand and rubbed my saliva all over my cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. My cock head cleared his sphincter and it slid right in without resistance. His ass chute was warm and tight as I went deep into him. I was all the way in Kyle's ass and I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round ass. 

Kyle asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. My balls started bouncing off of his balls and Kyle was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot my seed in his ass. I tried to make it last as long as possible but once Kyle started to contract his anal muscles I lost it.

I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing. As I continued to fuck him, my jizm backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out flowing over his balls. Kyle used his talented anal muscles to milk my cock and drain it of all my seed. I didn't think that I would ever be soft again as I remained hard in his tight sheath. Kyle's milking action weakened me and I collapsed on top of his body.

Kyle flattened out on the bed with me on top and my cock still in his ass. I rolled off of him and my hard cock slipped from his ass. Kyle rolled to his back and spread his legs lifting his knees to his chest.

"Fuck me again," he asked.

I moved between his legs much like I would with Jackie and lined up my still erect cock with his asshole. Kyle was also as hard as a rock and his beautiful young cock pointed toward his head. I pressed slightly forward and my cock moved into his hot ass. His ass actually pulled me inside and my cock went all the way in him and my balls rested on his ass.

"God, that feels so good, love me, fuck me," Kyle cried out.

His ass was in the air and my cock was fully embedded in it. I pulled back a little and pushed forward. He groaned as I began to slowly fuck him. Each time I would start taking longer strokes. My cock head was soon at the edge of his asshole before I pushed it back into him. My fucking was making a sucking sound. Each time my balls slammed against his ass, my body and his ass made a wet slapping sound. 

I was so fucking hot that I crammed my cock fully into him. He held my cock and he massaged it with his anal muscles; I knew I was not going to last very long. Kyle humped up against me fucking me back as I fucked him. The room smelled of sex and sweat. I subconsciously reached down to stroke his cock but Kyle grabbed my wrist.

"No, I want to cum just from you fucking me," He said and pushed my hand away, "Just keep fucking me."

I took slow long strokes in and out of his ass as Kyle pushed up into me more and more. Soon he took control and just fucked my cock. I let him fuck me with his ass. His actions began more erratic and his thrusts shorter and more powerful. Kyle was grunting as my cock slid in and out of his hot ass. Soon my cock was barely staying in his ass. Then Kyle slowed down and let my cock just press against his prostate. He announced that he was cumming and he pulled me down to him and hugged me. I felt his cum shoot between our bodies covering our chests and our abs and then oozing out around our pubes. This set me off and I began to pound my cock in and out of his hole. I slammed my cock into his loose wet hole and I felt my balls tighten. I pressed deep into him and my seed filled his ass.

"Yes cum in my ass again. Oh I feel it I feel your hot spunk," he groaned.

I pulled, pushed and cum spurted into him making his hole wetter and warmer as my cock easily slid in. I continued fucking him until my legs were weak and my spunk had stopped flowing. My cock slipped from his ass as we cuddled and Kyle stroked my exhausted body. It was the first time that I had ever felt cum other than my own on my body.

"I loved fucking you. I loved your ass," I whispered.

"This is just the start of a great weekend," Kyle answered.

I checked the time and it was only 12:30 PM. It seemed as if it should be at least 3:00 PM. I offered to take Kyle to lunch and he accepted. So both of us showered, dressed and went out for lunch. We decided to make lunch our main meal so we treated it like a dinner and had a bottle of wine with our meal. When we returned to the apartment we relaxed in front of the TV and opened another bottle of wine. We watched TV for a couple of hours before Kyle took out his cock and began stroking it. It made me horny to watch him jerk off so we decided to go back to the bedroom.

We were both horny but still fairly drained from the earlier activities. Kyle wanted me to fuck him again and I told him that I preferred doggy style. He got on all fours on the bed and tossed me the tube of lubricant. He wiggled his curvy ass in anticipation of my fingers. I got the lube out and poured an ample amount in his asshole. I took my time fingering Kyle's ass until he pleaded with me to stop teasing him and fuck him.

I knelt behind Kyle and lined my cock up with his asshole and pressed forward pushing my cock head past his sphincter. Kyle groaned as my large cock opened up his back door. He reached back and placed a hand on my thigh in an effort to slow the penetration. I took my time and worked my cock in slowly inch by inch until it was buried in Kyle's asshole. As I fucked Kyle from behind, he really looked like my girlfriend with my cock in her ass. I could not see Kyle's testicles or his cock as I fucked him as his long hair fell along side his face. Kyle was even more effeminate looking than Nicky.

Kyle told me to fuck his ass and then he told me that he could see why his sister liked my cock so much. He stiffened as he came and shot his wad on the bed sheet. I felt Kyle's asshole contract around my cock as he shot his spunk and I picked up the pace and pounded his ass. I felt my own orgasm build up in my balls and then I felt my semen travel through my scrotum. I pressed into Kyle's ass and emptied my balls deep in his rectum. The semen shot into Kyle's rectum and gathered around my cock buried deep in his ass.

"Oh I feel it, cum in me, I feel you cumming in me!" Kyle screamed and then added, "I love it shoot it in me."

Kyle clenched my cock with his anal muscles and then released it several times as he milked every drop of cum from my cock. I stayed hard and continued to fuck Kyle's ass as my semen backed out of his asshole and trickled down over his perineum.

"Are you going to keep fucking me?" Kyle asked.

"If you want me to," I replied.

"Oh yes please keep fucking me. Fuck me again and cum in me again," he pleaded.

I continued to fuck Kyle's ass but I could not cum again and I finally collapsed on him exhausted. I pushed forward and Kyle collapsed on the bed under my weight. I lay prone on top of him as my cock softened, deflated and slipped from his ass. Kyle was pressed into his own semen on the bed under him until I lifted myself off of his sensuous body. Kyle rolled over on his back and looked at me and smiled.

"Are you going to stay the night Curt?" he whispered hopefully.

"Yes, if you like," I answered.

I lay down on the bed next to Kyle as he still lay in his own semen and my spunk continued to trickle out of his asshole. We eventually fell asleep without our bodies touching. Sometime in the early morning hours I awoke with an erection. I rolled over to Kyle who was still sleeping on his side and I eased my cock into his slippery ass. I slowly and methodically fucked Kyle without cumming again until I fell asleep with my cock still imbedded his ass. 

DAY TWO - SUNDAY

I woke up before Kyle and I headed for the shower. I was lathering myself with soap when Kyle entered the shower. 

"Let's wash each other," he suggested.

We soaped each other up with Kyle focusing on my cock and me on his ass. I enjoyed fingering his asshole as he stroked my soapy cock. Kyle turned and faced the shower wall and guided my cock to his ass. My soapy cock slid easily into to soapy asshole. Kyle braced himself with both hands on the shower wall and arched his back accentuating his shapely ass. I ran my hands over his curvy ass as I fucked him methodically with long slow strokes. I pulled my cock almost out of his ass and then let it slide all the way back in. Kyle looked so hot with my dick sliding in and out of glistening wet ass. In a matter of minutes my body stiffened and I filled his ass with my seed. Kyle groaned as he jerked himself off and shot his wad onto the shower wall. It was another huge load that streamed out of his cock and bounced off the shower wall.
