 This is the sequel to "a shower block encounter"

*

I sat in my car, just down the road from the address on the piece of paper I'd been given after swallowing the tall, dark strangers load a day earlier. I smiled to myself at the thought of doing it again. This time I'd prepared for fun and had spent the morning trimming my hair, and soaping my throbbing cock in the shower, determined not to waste a load that would be more use later in the day.

I was wearing boardshorts, sandals, and a tight singlet. I thought I looked pretty good! I made my way to the front door and pressed the buzzer. I was greeted by the site of my handsome stranger in short shorts and a t-shirt. He seemed shocked for a moment then smiled as he knew why I had called past.

He motioned me to follow him inside as he began talking to someone. "Honey, I've just got a guy here to talk about re-doing the backyard after the pool goes in, we'll be up in my office for about an hour". My heart was pumping! He was going to play with his wife downstairs! My cock began to rise as he gave me a wink and led me up the stairs.

I entered the office as he locked the door behind us, the tv was on already as I looked around the room. A nice big wooden desk and a large comfy couch filled up the spacious office. "I'm Matt by the way" he said as I turned to face him, 

"I'm Dan" I replied. 

"Wanna have some fun Dan?" He asked with a devilish smile. 

I walked over to him and kissed him passionately on the lips, our tongues intertwined as he pulled my body hard against his. We slipped each others tops off in a frenzy and I began to lick and suck on his nipples as he rubbed my cock through my shorts.  

I pulled down his shorts as his perfect cock sprung out and stood to attention, my mouth watered at the thought of having it in my mouth once again. By now my shorts were down around my ankles as I kicked them off. "Let's move over to the couch" I suggested as Matt moved across the room. He stopped near the side of the couch and rested his hands on the arm rest, bending at the waist and exposing his gorgeous asshole and drooping balls to me. I didn't need any more of an invitation as I dived down inbetween his chiselled butt checks with my tongue and began to softly slurp on his tasty hole, at this point Matt let out a moan of pleasure as I moved down and took his smooth balls in my mouth on at a time. 

"I want to taste your cock this time" he demanded as I moved across. And lay back on the couch. His expert mouth gobbled up my meat and I was soon balls deep in his warm mouth. As I had done a day earlier, he moved his hand up to my ass and began to slowly slid his finger in and out of my hole. I felt a wave of pleasure through my whole body as my cock began to throb. 

"I'm going to cum!" I moaned as Matt began to suck harder and faster. I tensed as I shot my thick stream of cum into Matts hot mouth, he sucked until I was completely spent and swallowed every drop. "I want that perfect cock of yours to fuck me". I said, more demanding that suggesting. I saw that devilish grin as I rolled over and surrendered by tight hole to him. Matt moved over to his bottom desk draw and pulled out some lube. He squirted some on his cock and some on his fingers as he began to slowly probe my cute ass.

One finger became two fingers as I closed my eyes and enjoyed the amazing feeling. Then the moment I was waiting for, I felt his hot hot cock press against my asshole for a second as it easily slipped into my greased up man pussy. I sighed in ecstacy as he began to fuck me with deep, long pumps. I could do nothing but rock my hips back on him as my willing ass swallowed up his sex with glee.

"Harder, don't stop!" I cried as his balls slapped against mine. He let out a grunt as his cock rammed my ass. 

"I'm going to cum in your ass" Matt said he increased his pace. By now my cock was hard again and I stroked it as my ass gripped onto Matts perfect meat. By now I didn't give a shit that his wife was downstairs as I moaned loudly with pleasure, Matt joined in as he came. I felt a warmth fill my insides as we both collapsed with pure satisfaction on the couch. I took him in my mouth to get any cum that was left, I could taste myself on his cock.

We kissed again and slowly got dressed. He gave me his number and showed me out the door, telling his wife that we'd need a few more meetings before any landscaping decisions were going to be made!

*

*thanks guys I hope you like that one. Feel free to email me for any info on the story or any feedback you want to give ;)