 It was the last session of Pre-season training, at the end of the two hour long evaluation, several young men were going to be sent back to their respective minor league outposts for another year before trying again next Spring. Among the hopefuls was a rookie prospect from a lowly Southern team who had all the makings of a great power hitter. 

Yes, Shane Nugent looked every bit the big sports hero; he was a good 6 and a half feet tall with a large chiselled physique and striking blue eyes. The only problem with an otherwise perfect game was an inability to hit off-speed pitches over the inner half of the plate. However, luckily for Shane, the assistant batting coach had spotted the potential in young Shane and had worked extensively with the rookie after training in his own free time. If Shane were to make the cut, it would certainly be because of Coach Spencer. The time came for Shane to take the plate for his final evaluation and as usual he slammed the ball regularly over the fences whenever the fast stuff came, but next was to come the big test: the breaking ball. It was certainly make or break time for Shane, although he was just 22, it was his 4th year of trying out and was almost ready to quit. A word of encouragement from Coach Spencer seemed to settle Shane at the plate, and although he never got the distance he could from a faster ball, all pitches were duly dispatched deep into the outfield. As the last ball soared over the left field wall, Coach Spencer and Shane knew he was in.

Absolutely thrilled with his selection, he headed for the locker room to shower, followed closely by the rest of the rookies and the coaching staff. As the guys stripped down and headed for the showers, Shane felt a hand on his shoulder, and turned to see Coach Spencer wrapped in a towel before him. 

"Good Job kid", came the gravely voice from his mentor. Shane replied with gratitude "It's all thanks to you Coach Spencer, I could have never done it without all the extra tuition." Coach Spencer smiled at Shane, "Hey, were team mates now, call me Tim". Shane let out a little grin and chuckled "Gee thanks Tim, but you must let me repay the favour, wait till the guys have gone." Tim and Shane continued to talk and after around 30 minutes the locker room was empty, apart from Tim and Shane. Both men were dressed only in their towels as they had not yet showered and sweat glistened on the athletes' muscular bodies. Although nearly 15 years Shane's senior, Tim had kept an impressive physique and stood almost as tall as Tim, the two making an impressive sight, stood almost toe to toe in the warm changing room.

"As I said Tim, I owe you a helluva lot, and I want to show you just how grateful I am." 

Shane leaned forward and stroked a hand along Tim's powerful chest all the while gazing into the Coach's sexy green eyes. The sensation was heaven to Tim who smiled back at Shane knowingly, before leaning forward and planting a soft loving kiss on the lips of Shane, who responded by parting his lips and delving his tongue deep into Tim's willing mouth.

Tim responded by reaching down and unfastening the towel from around his waist, before removing Shane's hand from his chest and placing it onto his stiffening penis. Shane gripped the shaft gently and, lubricated from both men's sweat began to slowly wank Tim, all the while continuing the slow, soft sensuous kiss. As Tim's penis was being milked gently by the young stud, he whispered sexily in Shane's ear, "Let me see your cock Mr. Nugent", and stepped away from Shane, ready to take in the full splendour of what was to come.

He was not to be disappointed, far from it in fact, as before him stood the most perfect specimen of masculinity he had ever witnessed.

His boyish good looks complemented a fine pair of strong round shoulders, which flowed down to a smooth wide chest with two perfectly formed brown nipples, which stood firm, crowning the magnificent pectorals. Shane's abdomen was craggy and hard and his thighs would have looked at home on any thoroughbred stallion, large, sinewy and bulky, tapering to a pair of slender, shapely calves. Hell, thought Tim, even his feet are fuckin' beautiful! However, the most striking feature, and the one which soon became the focus of Tim's attention was Shane's magnificent penis. 

Tim had never in all his year's seen such a fantastic member, it was long and thick with deep veins throbbing all over it, leading down to a large angry looking purple head, which must have been about two inches long in itself thought Tim. "Well Coach, what do you think?" uttered Shane cockily as he looked slyly at a dumbstruck Tim. "Holy Shit, Shane, how do you fit that thing in your pants, it's fuckin' huge!" Shane laughed and stepped over to where Tim was standing in awe of the beast that confronted him. 

With a little encouragement from its owner, Shane's cock was soon in the hands of his partner who was sinking to his knees as the flesh grew thicker and longer until it was a full 12 inches in length. Staring directly at the large throbbing helmet Tim opened his mouth as wide as it would go before attempting to swallow the monster in one go. 

Shane was amazed at how much of his huge cock Tim had managed to devour, and gripped Tim's head between his strong hands before thrusting a further inch or so violently into Tim's already stretched mouth. "Go on Coach, suck my big dick!", he hissed as he closed his eyes in ecstasy as the experienced lips of the coach licked and sucked at the rock hard tool he had been fed. "Do you like that coach?" purred Shane as he watched as Tim licked lovingly at the big heavy balls, which hung proudly beneath Shane's enormous schlong. "It's amazing Shane, its almost as big as the bat you used to hit that last home run out there." 

Shane laughed, "I handle it just as well too Coach", he said, as Tim stood up again before being lead by his own stiff penis (a pretty mean 8 inches in its own right) to the shower area, where Shane turned the jets of hot steaming water over the two god-like figures who stood naked below. 

Shane turned Tim around so he was presented with the firm tanned buttocks of his teacher, and dropped down so he was on one knee.

Parting Tim's buttocks slightly, Shane pressed his face into the cleft of Tim's round ass and flicked his tongue up and down between the heavenly muscular mounds before sliding a finger easily up Tim's' newly moistened anus.

Tim gasped with delight as his young pupil explored inside him and began to soap up his hard cock into a rich creamy lather before stroking it slowly, savouring the sensations rushing through his entire body.

"I want to feel your big cock inside me", begged Tim as he continued to work on his throbbing soap-covered erection and soon felt Shane's finger being slipped smoothly out of his rear passage. "Taste yourself", insisted Shane and he presented Tim with the moist humid finger he had just removed from inside him. As Tim arched his head forward to sample the unique flavour offered to him, Shane pushed his swollen helmet swiftly inside Tim's twitching asshole.

As he did so, Shane slid his finger into Tim's wet mouth where he sucked greedily at the digit of his young friend. All the while Shane was forcing more and more of his enormous weapon deep into Tim's warm ass until he had almost taken its entire length, before removing his hand from Tim's face and sliding it down the Coach's defined torso until he met the soft fluffy bush of Tim's dark pubes. He ran his hands over Tim's lather coved scrotum while Tim continued to frantically jerk off. 

His hands were quickly replaced by those of Shane who was by now pumping hard and fast into Tim who was grimacing as his anus was stretched with each new thrust. Tim grabbed at the pipe work on the wall as Shane pistoned in and out of Tim, who was grinning with elation as the thrusts of Shane's fat cock matched the rhythm of his masturbation. Suddenly Tim's head dropped as he bit down hard on Tim's sinewy shoulder, his hands sliding backwards from around Tim's penis until he was roughly gripping Tim's hips. 

Tim was now fiercely pumping his entire length in and out of Tim's colon at such a furious rate that Tim feared his skin was going to be torn, but Shane was too far gone to care and Tim knew it.

As Shane's fingers dug deep into the flesh of Tim's hips causing deep wounds in the skin, Tim begged Shane to cum inside him and within a minute or so Tim was thrashing wildly and crying out with each vicious thrust until he bucked his hips swiftly, forcing the entire length of his massive cock deep inside Tim until his balls slapped against Tim's quivering cheeks. 

"AAAAAAAGGGGHHHHH…………FUUUUUUUCCKKKKK!!" screamed Shane as his enormous shaft convulsed inside Tim, shooting wave after wave of hot creamy spunk up inside Tim's ass. Shane stood for a while as his cock softened inside Tim, before slowly withdrawing it inch by sticky inch from his Coach.

As he did so Tim could feel Shane's hot spunk trickle down his large thighs before being washed from his skin by the powerful jets of the shower. Tim now spun around and pushed Tim's head downward until he was just at the right height to finish him off. 

Staring deep into Shane's big soulful blue eyes, Tim thrust his rigid soapy cock straight into Shane's unsuspecting mouth, where, due to the sheer force of the intrusion and the small amount of soap left on it, Shane gagged momentarily before soon finding his rhythm and sucking noisily on Tim's throbbing hardon until Tim slid it from between Shane's soft tender lips, and fired a long gooey stream of white cum across Tim's forehead, which then ran slowly down across his nose.

Tim tossed quickly at his twitching shaft spraying his sticky seed all over Tim's innocent looking young face, before kneeling down to meet Shane's lips with his, as the salty spunk dripped between their lust filled faces, the two men sat naked in the showers recovering from their own private workout session, their bodies glowing with radiant passion.