 Louis fumed as he settled onto the couch. The tall 25-year-old was drunk, too drunk to drive home in his beautiful new hot rod, but not drunk enough for his hard-on to go away. His bitch girlfriend had refused him head that night, complaining that she didn't like him when he was drinking. Then why the fuck did she come to the party in the first place? Obviously a party would entail drinking!! The worst part was that the party had been in Louis' honor, to celebrate his safe return home from 'Nam. He'd seen a lot of terrible things during his tour of duty, things he didn't want to talk about with anyone, let alone think about. He was glad that although his friends were against the war, they weren't against HIM. They knew he'd only gone reluctantly, because he'd been unable to escape the draft.

It was about 3 a.m., the guy who'd thrown the party had gone to bed, and everyone had left except for Louis and one more partygoer, a guy named Eric who was all but a stranger to Louis. Eric was only 20, but he'd been wounded in 'Nam and looked forward to a life of chronic back pain as a result. That's why he'd so readily agreed to take the floor and let Louis have the couch; a hard surface was better for his back. Unfortunately, the tiny apartment's living room provided little floor space and Eric wound up stretching out only a couple of feet from Louis. Now I can't even jerk off, Louis thought as his balls throbbed. He turned his head and gazed at Eric. His eyes were closed, though his breathing gave evidence to the fact that he wasn't asleep yet. Eric was a good six inches shorter than Louis, standing only about 5'6", with wispy, short light blonde hair and pale skin. He had a round, angelic face and a thin frame that made him appear more 18 than 20.

Louis closed his eyes in an effort to relax, hoping that this would ease his raging case of blue balls. It didn't. He was so fucking horny he couldn't stand it. There was no way he was getting through this night without some sort of a release. He opened his eyes again and checked on Eric. The younger man's breathing was more regular now. He must be at least half-asleep by now, Louis thought. If I just do this quietly, he'll never know.

Silently, Louis reached above his head and snatched a few stray napkins from an end table. Then he slowly undid his jeans, grateful he hadn't worn a zippered pair and sending a silent thanks to whoever had invented the button fly. His fat 8-incher now sprang free, pointing upwards and curving slightly to the right. Louis grabbed hold of the pulsating organ with one hand, keeping his napkins ready in the other. He suppressed a satisfied groan as he began to stroke, hips moving in unison with his hand, and he closed his eyes as he felt the pain in his groin slowly subside.

Louis had wondered if having another guy so close by would prevent him from being able to get fully into his jack-off, but to his surprise Eric's presence actually made it more exciting. As he relaxed and let his mind wander deeper into fantasyland, Louis found himself imagining that Eric was watching him, transfixed by the sight of another man pleasuring himself. If that wasn't shocking enough, Louis' mind then went somewhere he really didn't expect it to go. He found himself imagining that Eric would kneel beside the couch and wrap his lips around his engorged cock, sliding downward all the way to the nuts. Louis felt pre-cum ooze out of his piss slit as the fantasy became more graphic. He could almost feel his shaft sliding into the moist warmth of a mouth...Louis' eyes sprung open in shocked surprise, just as Eric's blond head was making another ascent up Louis' wet flagpole. Eric looked at the older man and kept their eyes locked as his head went ALL the way back down, stopping only at the nut sac before coming back up again.

Louis groaned with satisfaction and put his hand on the back of Eric's head, guiding it as the younger man eagerly sucked. Eric reached for Louis' balls and caressed the twin sacs, then slid a little bit lower. Louis yelped as Eric's fingertip tested his virgin asshole. He never imagined that his shit chute could provide that kind of pleasure. Eric continued fingering Louis' asshole and his sucking became more urgent, both his movements and Louis' intensifying until Louis was fucking Eric's head. With a long groan, Louis' dick exploded, spurting warm liquid into Eric's waiting mouth and throat. The blond man devoured the love juice with fervor, not letting so much as a single droplet escape.

Eric sat back on the floor and Louis noticed for the first time that his jeans were completely off, exposing a nice, meaty seven-incher with a glistening purplish head. Louis drooled, wondering what the sausage would taste like. He rolled over onto the floor and Eric laid down flat, legs splayed and asshole exposed. Louis had never sucked another man before, but he'd gotten many a blow job from women and knew what felt good and what didn't. He started by tracing the outline of the cock with his lips, alternating between small, closed-mouth kisses and opened-mouth frenching and licking. Eric groaned, obviously pleased. Then Louis made his way to the piss slit and took a tentative taste of the milky dew that had formed there. It was salty, but definitely very palatable. Slowly, Louis wrapped his lips around the thick shaft and lowered his head onto it, letting his mouth and throat adjust to its length and girth. Meanwhile, he cupped Eric's balls and gently fondled and squeezed them, making the younger man arch his back and let out a satisfied moan.

Soon Louis found that he could go down no further; he had successfully deep-throated his first cock. He then made his way up again, then down, then up, then down...Eric soon had his hands on the back of Louis' head, grinding his hips against it. Louis found himself being more turned on than he'd ever been in his life. Giving oral sex to a woman was something he'd never really enjoyed too much, but this was pure Heaven, pure ecstasy. He let his hand drop down and his fingertip explore Eric's ass crack, brushing against the little puckered hole but not entering. "Please," Eric finally groaned, "Please put it in my ass!"

Louis obliged, poking his fingertip into the entrance, then sliding it all the way in. Eric nearly came right then and there, but through some miracle of self-control he managed to hold back just a little longer. Louis gave Eric the dual pleasure of sucking and finger-fucking for several glorious minutes before the blond man's cock twitched, signaling his imminent orgasm. Louis was apprehensive, but he kept his mouth on Eric's dick. He was immediately rewarded with several bursts of warm, salty liquid, about half of which dribbled back onto Eric's drained member despite Louis' efforts to consume it all. Dutifully, Louis used his tongue to clean up the mess.

"Next time put it further back when it shoots, so it all just goes down your throat," Eric advised once he'd caught his breath.

"Thanks," Louis told him, but was unsure of what else to say. A million conflicting feelings were churning inside him, feelings that appeared brand-new but at the same time seemed very familiar. He was being forced to reexamine his entire sense of self, and he was hoping that Eric wouldn't want to sit up and talk or anything. Thankfully, Eric simply pulled his pants back up, laid down, and quickly dozed off. Louis got back on the couch and laid wide-awake for quite some time, his mind reeling. Eventually, sleep found him.

When Louis woke up a few hours later, Eric was gone. Louis somehow instinctively knew that he'd never see the young blond man again, just as he knew that the course of his own life had been forever altered.