 For as long as I can remember I had always been curious about sucking cock. It wasn't until my junior year in college that I finally got the opportunity. My roommate was a really nice guy, good looking and well built. From our two years of rooming together I had several opportunities to see that hunk of meat he carried around. Terry always slept in the nude and there were many mornings I would catch him on his way to the bathroom with a morning piss hard on and his cock was nice. About seven inches long, cut and slender. Just the right size in my opinion to suck.

I was taking an elective psych class and we were studying hypnosis and clinical applications. Thoughts of personal applications were what was on my mind. That night I was telling Terry about it and after a couple of beers a debate began. 

"I don't know if I believe in that stuff," said Terry.

""Let me try it on you and let's see what's what," I replied.

I began to try on of the techniques and Terry being the brainy type participated seriously. After a couple of minutes he actually went into a trance. My plan was in motion. I had just learned about post hypnotic suggestions and I had a major one thought up for Terry. After a couple of "bark like a dog" type commands I felt he was ready.

"Terry, when you awake whenever you hear me say...Terry it's me Sandra then you will believe that I am Sandra. Do you understand?." I knew he had the hots for this girl in one of his classes. 

"Yes," he replied. 

I then brought him out of his trance and we laughed with him denying he was ever under. We finished off the night studying and then had a few beers in front of the TV.

Friday night I was ready. Terry was going out to a frat party that night and he always came home blitzed. As usual he stumbled in around 2:00pm and shucked his clothes and fell into bed, again stark naked. I waited about ten minutes and crept into his room. 

"Terry," I said softly. 

"Umm huh," he grunted.

"Terry, it's me Sandra."

"Ohh, Sandra," he said dreamily.

"Yes Terry, You think I'm hot right?" I asked him.

"Ohh yes, you make me so hard sometimes."

"Oh that's so good. I was wondering if I could suck your hard cock." There I had done it.

"Yes, please Sandra please suck my cock," he replied.

With that I slid the sheet down exposing his semi hard cock. I took it in my hand and began to slowly jack him off.

"Does that feel good?" I asked him.

"Ohhh yessss," he hissed.

As my hand slid up and down his shaft a large drop of precum came to the head. I leaned over and licked the tip of his cock and removed the drop with my tongue. It tasted so good I milked another drop out. This time sliding the head of his cock past my lips. I sucked the head and milked more precum out coating my tongue with it's exquisite taste. 

Terry was moaning softly and was rock hard. I took more of his cock in my mouth and loved the feel of it in my throat. The hardness, the softness was so contrasting and the veins would pulse against my tongue each time his cock would twitch. More precum was flowing and I was sucking down every bit. The head would swell and the precum would pour out and I was getting delirious. Each time I went down I sucked more into my throat until I finally was rubbing my nose in his pubic hairs. I massaged his balls with one hand and began pumping him with the other into my mouth. I wanted more, I wanted his cum in my mouth. I wanted to suck him dry.

Terry's breathing became louder and his moaning increased. I knew he was close. Although I wanted to suck him longer I was also desperate for his cum. I began sucking and pumping more rapidly. "Terry, I want you to cum in my mouth," I whispered and another moan escaped his lips. 

The precum was getting thicker and the taste was different. At one point I took him out of my mouth and a long strand connected the head of his cock and my tongue. I pumped his shaft and a large thick pearl drop come to the tip. I licked it up. Yes, cum he's getting close. I stuffed him in my mouth again and sucked harder matching my sucking motion with my hand pumping the shaft. 

"Ohh, ohhh, ohhhhh," he breathed.

A shot of cum poured onto my tongue and I swallowed it. I pumped the shaft holding the head of his cock in my mouth. Another shot and then another. I keep swallowing. Finally it subsided and with each pump of his shaft another glob of cum poured out. The taste was great and I continued until he was dry and his cock began to soften. I licked the remaining cum from the tip and laid his cock on his belly and licked a small dribble of cum from the corner of my mouth. I had done it. Sucked my first cock dry. I was in heaven.

"Was that good Terry, do I sucked cock good?" I asked.

"Ohh, yes," he replied. "Although," he said raising up on his elbows," you're a lousy hypnotist."