 When I returned to college for my last year I had some great expectations for myself, not one of them finding a boyfriend. Throughout the years I had had my fair share of hookups, but never a boyfriend. Commitment was not something I took likely and to be honest I really never connected to someone on an emotional level and that was completely fine with me.

Over the summer, I had made some new friends studying abroad, one of whom was also a gay male. His name was Will. He was a man of short stature, but very muscular. I also couldn't complain about his blue eyes and buzzcut, blonde hair. Although we had swapped blowjobs at one point in the summer, our relationship never went further than great friends. 

It was the first week back at college and Will was throwing a party with his roommate at their apartment. After showering and shaving, I decided I would make an appearance, if only for a little while. When I arrived at the party I was pleased to see several of my friends there. 

After socializing with my friends for a while, I thought I better find Will to say hi. I weaved my way through the party, I spotted him talking to someone else I recognized. Will was talking to someone who I had had several classes with throughout my college career. His name was Brandon, and he was one of the hottest men I had ever seen in my life. He was the same height as me with blue eyes and short brown hair. His body was sculpted perfectly and his muscles showed through his shirt. I was taken aback to see him there. This was a kid who I had spent many boring class hours staring at from across the room.

Will spotted me and waved me to come over. I walked over trying to keep my cool, but oddly the first one to talk to me was not Will, but Brandon. "Hey! We have had class together before right?" He reached out his hand towards me, closing the distance.

"Yeah, I think so. Chem, right?" I replied while reaching out and shaking his hand. His grip was strong against mine and I tensed up to match it. I tried not to realize the goosebumps on my arms. 

"Cool man. How did you hear about this party?" Before I could answer, Will swept in:

"I invited him. He is one of the friends I made this summer that I told you about, remember?" When Will said this I looked at him a little confusingly. Had Will told Brandon about me in particular or just his friends from summer? Had he told him we had hooked up? That would surely ruin any chance I had with Brandon.

"Do you want anything to drink Jake?" Will asked me. I nodded my head to him. If I was at a party I may as well make the most of it.

When Will left, I looked to Brandon and said "Oh. I'm Jake by the way." I reached out my hand to shake his hand again.

"Brandon. Nice to officially meet you," he replied. After this we made small talk for a few minutes. I found it weird that I felt a connection with this kid. Maybe it was because Brandon never broke eye contact with me. It was both exhilarating and intimidating. After a few minutes Will returned with my drink. When he did, Brandon grabbed my arm and said he was going to go mingle and walked away.

"He's a lost cause, you know?" Will said to me as soon as Brandon was far enough away. I turned to him and looked at him with a confused look.

"What? What do you mean?"

"I saw you too flirting. You couldn't keep your eyes off of each other. I had to stand back for a few minutes just to watch." I must've looked completely embarrassed at this point, but Will just kept going, "I'm sorry to break your crush, but Brandon doesn't really do stuff like that. He has a boyfriend that he's hopelessly devoted to."

"Oh," I said, hearing the disappointment in my own voice. "That is fine, I'm not really looking for anything right now anyways. I have had some classes with him and just always thought that he was really hot."

"He is. We used to date, now we are just best friends. He has a great dick too," Will disclosed to me. He moved and whispered, "a solid 9 inches." 

"Fuck," I said, turning my head towards Brandon, watching him socialize and laugh with other people. "Oh well. If he has a boyfriend, I'm not fucking with that. Is the boyfriend here?"

"No," said Will. "He doesn't come around often, just enough to fuck with Brandon's head. He cheats on him all the time, but Brandon just always sticks around. Brandon would never do anything against Jeff though."

"That sucks," I said. The rest of the party was filled with laughs with friends, too many drinks, and sideways glances at Brandon. Before I knew it I was the only one left in the apartment, except Brandon and Will. Brandon headed to bed shortly after. 

"Well, I better go," I said to Will, but he grabbed my arm and threw me onto the couch.

"Fuck that, you are way too drunk to drive home. You're sleeping here." I tried to object, but Will refused to allow me to. He brought me a blanket from his bed and even tucked me in. 

"Alright," I said reluctantly. "I'll stay." After I said that, I felt Will's hand on my dick. He started rubbing through the blanket and my jeans. "No Will. Not tonight."

"Okay," he said, raising his hands up over his head. "I'll see you in the morning then. Night stud." With that Will left the room and turned the lights out. I tossed and turned on the couch for a few minutes and decided that I would not be able to sleep here. I decided to wait a few more minutes and sneak out. I slid my shoes on and started creeping towards the door, as I reached for the door, I was started by a hand on my shoulder and a harsh whisper.

"Hey! What do you think you're doing?" I turned around to see Brandon standing behind me in his glory. He was wearing nothing but boxer briefs that clung to his body. I could see the outline of his semi-hard dick through the briefs. I could also see all of his muscly glory, freed from clothing.

"I'm going home," I managed to choke out. "I can't sleep on couches or places that aren't my bed."

"Well, that's not going to happen," Brandon said. "I'm the same way, but you can not drive home right now. If it makes you feel better you can share my bed, it's no big deal." The proposition surprised me. After all that Will had said that night was Brandon really inviting me to his bed. I realized that he wasn't going to let me leave and it was pretty late so I finally agreed and followed him to his room. 

His room was dark but I still saw his figure jump onto the bed and slide to the far end. I sat on the side and took off my shoes, and deciding to get more comfortable, my shorts and shirt too. I laid back and then looked over to Brandon. He was laying on his side and staring right into my eyes again.

"You okay?" I asked, noticing the serious look on his face. 

"Yeah, man," he said, still not breaking eye contact. "Why didn't you ever talk to me in class? It would have been cool to hang out before tonight."

"Sorry," I said. "I'm not good in public. I suck at making moves." I couldn't believe that I had just said that, but it didn't seem to affect Brandon. In fact, he was smiling.

"Well, it's not too late," he said. He must've seen the confused look on my face because he followed up with, "make a move."

Before I realized what I was doing, my mouth flew towards his. My mouth was met by his soft lips. They didn't remain soft for long though, soon they pried open my mouth so his tongue could invade my mouth. Our tongues were rubbing against each other as our lips collided. I decided to bite down on his bottom lip. As I pulled it back with my teeth and released it, I heard Brandon moan loudly and then he through his body on top of mine. He began grinding our groins together. I could feel that both of our cocks were already hard against one another. His 9" against my 7. I felt is strong hand work its way down my body and into my briefs where he started jacking off my hard cock. I let out several moans into his mouth before his mouth left mine.

He tore off my briefs and immediately through his mouth on my dick. His mouth felt like a vice as it tightened around my dick. He had no problem taking my whole dick town his throat. It felt so good as his mouth and tongue worked their way up and down my shaft. Before long I felt like I was going to bust so I lifted his head off my dick and pushed him onto his back. I took off his briefs and worked my way up and down his shaft with my tongue. When I finally put his dick in my mouth, the head took up a lot of free space. I kept working my mouth up and down his shaft, taking in more and more each time. 

Brandon was moaning loudly now as he started thrusting my hips into my mouth. After a few minutes, I let go of my mouth's grip on his dick and positioned my ass directly above it. 

"DO IT!" Brandon yelled. I laughed and slowly lowered my ass onto his huge cock. I don't know if it was the alcohol or all the spit on his dick, but taking his dick into my hole didn't hurt nearly as bad as it should have. After only a few seconds, Brandon started slamming his hips into my ass. I couldn't help but moan loudly, almost screaming as he fucked my tight hole. He fucked my ass for several minutes as he rammed his mouth into mine. He broke our kiss to say, "I'm gonna cum". I tightened my ass onto his dick and heard his scream yes as he unloaded his dick into my ass. I felt the hot streams of cum entering my body and loved every minute of it.

After he was done I fell onto the bed next to him. We were both panting, he rolled over to give me one last kiss and then turned away from me. I could tell he didn't want to spend anytime cuddling, but that was fine with me. My mind finally fluttered to the thought of the his boyfriend, but I didn't have much time to think about it before I passed out from exhaustion.