 The first time I heard Sam singing his version of a Beatles number, 'All My Lovin' I just knew I was hooked.

He performed at the local bar, I had not heard of him until then but I grabbed the opportunity to buy him a drink after he'd performed and received rapturous applause.

That was then and now is now, we got talking like it was magic, like we both had so much in common and he said, if he could drive me home he would be glad to give me some more renditions of his talent.

I went for that, I had never felt so lucky. To have actually been noticed by Sam who really was so sweet. So there we were, planted on his gorgeous leather settee and me being treated to a really wonderful excusive performance of his songs given the accompaniment of his recorded backing music.

He has a large detached house in the country, some way from his nearest number so he was really able to let himself go.

Very soon we exchanged our wants and our ambitions, he'd had two or three bad relationships and I felt empathy for him. He announced he just didn't think he was cut out for a heterosexual relationship any more and was turning his thoughts to coming out, because he knew that was the basis of his broken relationships, that he could just not perform any more with girls, although he loved and adored them, but to be intimate with them was something else.

"Nothing wrong in that at all" I said. "At the end of the day you are you and nothing can change that, Sam, you sing beautifully and I cherish your sound."

He looked good to me, he wore nice snugly fitted beige trousers which suited hum perfectly and I adored his tailored shirt. I just don't know how it happened but he prompted me just to lay my head on his lap and stretch out with my legs on the sofa. It all seemed so wonderful, just laying there listening to his sweet murmurings and the occasional singing. - without the musical accompaniment now, just Sam quietly singing, his fingers running through y hear. It was perfect.

"Where have you been al my life, Alex? He whispered to me, his fingers wondering then, stroking my neck , my Adam's Apple.

"Been waiting for someone like you" I replied happily enjoying his gentle finger tip touches.

He said he had never been so happy for a along time and I saw that he closed his eyes and leaned his head back, his fingers, just the very touch of his warm caresses, were just magic.

I never imagined it could be so wonderfully different and diverse with Sam, He wasn't like any of the others, his approach, everything.

Mind you it was always nice with Badger, the rough hands of an old man were always a great turn on in his allotment shed, his fuck was slow and enjoyable and he had me more times than I can number.

And with Danny too, his fuck was always a thrill, not to mention the build up. I simply adored the way he held his cock inside me, stopping awhile and letting me feel its deep probing throb, especially when he took me sitting on top for an even deeper penetration, I always enjoyed that and imagined there could never be anyone better than Danny for the ultimate quality fuck..

Phil too was nice, they wee all different, no fuck was ever quite like another - with Phil his thing was to tie his soiled underwear around my neck, making me taste him as he fucked me, I felt repelled at first and yet there was a certain relish about it once I got into the mood, his fingers having done their job all under me, his mouth too and always that deep probing very long tongue of his.

I felt a strange warmth and magic feeling with my head nudged between his thighs, his fingers still gently caressing my hair, my neck, ears and now, he was running his small finger around the circumference of my lips which truly gave me a feeling I had never quiet experienced ever before.

I twisted my head slightly into his groin, so warm there and so good, he moved just a little, enough for me to nudge deeper I guess and I took the opportunity, feeling a slight exuberance there as he sighed deeply and began to do something I could never have imagined was such a real turn on but with a difference.

When he first penetrated his fingers into my mouth I imagined he was just examining my rather dilapidated molars which really needed to come out, well Sam was a dentist. But this was something more. It became exciting too, his manoeuvring of my lips, stretching my mouth in different directions with two strong fingers lodged inside. It was a rather odd feeling at first, different to say the least, but soon it became something more than just what I thought was an inspection, when his fingers gently stroked the inside of my mouth cheeks, running across the roof and bottom of my mouth, teasing my tongue, but all the time, he not saying a word, simply moaning a little in that sexual sound I knew so well. It was rather lovely, and when he bent down and somehow managed to find my mouth with his, he endeared me with the most delightful of dee0-p penetrating French kisses I'd ever known, but with fingers still stretching lips apart, his tongue finding mine.

That was when I started to feel a swelling against my cheek with my head still planted slightly sideways into his groin. -who could ever have imagined, least me, that this could be so utterly thrilling and exciting, to feel the growth of his cock beneath his trousers like it was itching to come out.

But it soon was, with Sam edging my head down just a little, but still holding it nudged lower between his tight, he managed to unzip just enough to give me his scent and I wondered what this wonderful man would do next, everything so far having been so very different.

I was soon to find out and what a sheer delight it was, because with one hand still busy fingering my mouth, stretching it wide open. He used the other to inch out that glorious pink headed cock of his, spent a little time, wanking it, squeezing it and then sort of bending it, then easing it into my mouth with his fingers and soon I was drenched in the first taste of his pre-cum squirting over my tongue as he enthusiast6ically manoeuvred and twisted it around the inside of my mouth in every conceivable way. I was in a trance, feeling the warmth of his balls lap under my chin as he continued to thoroughly enjoy himself inside my mouth.

And yet he was always careful not to choke me. It was divine to feel the firmness, yet the plumpness of his huge cock pamper me that way. I wondered if I would be in for a fuck too or would he be just happy to finish himself into my mouth, at no time had he suggested it, although I did feel him rim me a couple of times which was very nice, but it made me horny and hungry for the feel; of hard cock inside again. But before that was achieved there were a few things more Sam wanted to do with me that really made for exciting pre-fuck I could ever have realised.

And yet, when he tied my wrist to the bed rail I knew he would not hurt me, it was more for the thrill I knew that and I wanted that, it felt good to somehow live in a fantasy that he was the master and I his servant, especially when he jumped stark naked onto the bed and presented his so stiff and throbbing cock into my mouth once more for a real good gobble this time, even more than before, he spent time, just teasing his knob around my lips inside and out, touching mine with his, around and around like he did inside my mouth, I loved the smell and taste of him, wanted that, all of it, inside me. He whispered it would all come in time,. Literally - and I said I hoped so.

With sweet Sam, murmuring sweet nothings into my ear, occasionally pressing his mouth to mine for another of his extraordinary wet French kisses, after my mouth had just been embellished with the saturation of his hot wet cock, he holding on to the bed rail, edging his cock all over me, my hands tied firmly behind, I enjoyed the pleasure he took of me, It was good to suck and taste him, tease his cock head between my teeth in order to stretch back his foreskin nice and tight, so I could see and feel his jerk, no hand, just mouth and tongue doing the job so beautifully.

In a while he stopped, untied me and ordered me onto all fours, my hind pronounced high for his service, he said. Would this mean he would give it to me at last, but then having tied me hog style he exited to the kitchen to fix some eats he said - and something to drink, that I would need that for what he was going to do to me next.

I just waited, stopped there on all fours, aching for his fuck now, the taste of him pungent in my mouth, my throat, my tongue - now I wanted it inside me, and good!

But he came up with some crab sandwiches which he declared were a good aphrodisiac and feeding me with them I felt completely at his mercy, it was all part of that special bond between us.

"I don't think somehow I need an aphrodisiac, Sam?"

"You will by the time we've finished!" he warned.

When we'd eaten I felt the hunger he endured of me, felt his hot mouthy suck and rim me, and then suck my cock, it was so good, he wanking me as he did that, then the feel of his tongue inside my ass was really a good starter, but then I wanted cock, good and hard and thrusting, I was aching for that! It was a beautiful fuck, his fingers still inside my mouth, stretching and manoeuvring, me thinking is that the way dentists do it, his fingers tasting of that which had just been inside my hole preparing it for his fuck, so different and wonderful and as he started to fuck me, his fingers working in my mouth stretching like that I felt a certain belonging and warmth I had never ever felt before and it was wonderful..

Like his fingers in my mouth and his cock up my ass I was well and truly hooked on Sam.