 I write in fits and starts, my longer paid projects receiving top priority during the day so this remains a sleepless night activity. I do have the whole series mapped out: currently with around 7 chapters in all. I appreciate the kindness that I received for the first chapter and hope you continue to enjoy. Again, everyone is above 18 and the characters are male. Thanks, Artie. 



The next day, I pulled into the parking lot as the bell announced classes were in session. I was never late to school, my two modes were early or not coming. If you were late, there wasn't a crowd to blend in with and I was all about blending in. I had woken up with plenty of time to spare but I had been waylaid in the shower, too busy trying to relieve the constant agonizing pressure in my dick to leave even close to on time. The spray of the shower and my cool spicy shower gel combined with my hand were serviceable but not what I craved. I only wanted to jerk off if I was on my knees in front of Owen with my lips wrapped around the base of his dick. I wanted my nose against his pubes breathing in the heady scent of man. I wanted my jaw to stretch around his girth and to please him. I wanted his hot cum on my tongue. I wanted him. 

I had wanted him yesterday. I had gone home and had to eat dinner with my parents. Of course, I had rubbed one out at school before seeing them as being achingly hard at the dinner table did nothing for me. I doubt they would have noticed if I had been sporting wood. My parents were tragically, woefully self-involved. They were kind and provided a nice stable life with everything we needed and a few luxuries but were not emotionally available to me or to each other. My mother was a beautiful woman with hair like sunshine but she never truly looked happy, even when smiling her face looked strained. She worked as a corporate lawyer for a big real estate firm, she was more than competent but her job carried over into her family life. If she was home for dinners, a manila folder was almost always her center of attention. My father was a math professor, he could point out errors in theory from fifty paces but when it came to noticing something was wrong with his son, he was hopeless. 

If one of them ever noticed a bruise or cut from a fight, they were easy to dissuade. I'm sure they thought their son was just the clumsiest man, for all the times I tripped over a root on the cross country course. How would they know that I was surefooted; they had never come to a race.

Despite our lack of communication, I knew that my parents would probably be okay with me being gay. But okay was probably the best I could hope for; I don't know if they had the capacity to be excited or happy for me about anything. They weren't the types to be waiting after school with a glass of milk and a cookie but I preferred that. 

Vigilant parents would have noticed five years of abuse, of their son drawing into himself but they also would have noticed the change after Owen had kissed me. Five years of self-flagellation and forcing myself to be miserable was torn asunder. I was exuberant, joyful, and even hopeful. I was flitting around the house, if someone who is 6-2 can flit. My first kiss had been magical, so much better than I could have expected or imagined. 

This morning when I had woken up, elation had been mixed with caution. The lustful haze had faded and I realized how dangerous my predicament was. I knew next to nothing about Owen Holt, beyond his orgasmic body and his purported skill at hockey; he was a stranger. But he knew more about me than anyone else, he knew I was gay. I wasn't worried about him telling anyone, what could he say that people didn't already think? Of course he could say I assaulted him and I could get beaten up but for all his insistence that he would deal with my bullies, it didn't seem his style. Then again, I couldn't help feeling just a little slutty at making out with someone I had only met hours before and being fully prepared to have him fuck me. Fully prepared for something that I had no experience in: that was what Owen did to me. 

The reckless side of my brain wanted him any way I could get him but the rational side reminded me that I needed to be careful. I was in physical danger all the time from the people that Owen would be most closely associated with. But more than that, my emotions could be in trouble as well, I couldn't risk developing any sort of feelings for him. Fucking was fine, feelings were not. 

I walked into English class a few minutes late, drawing attention to myself. Diffidently, I murmured an apology to Ms. Campbell as I made my way to my seat. It's strange that despite not having assigned seats everyone just automatically sits where they were the day before. I felt eyes on me but the scrutiny of others was nothing compared to the hot gaze that tracked me. His ice blue eyes wandered a slow perusal up my body, I was glad that I had an excuse for the blush that stained my cheeks. My eyes met Owen's, his lips pursed in a slight smirk one eye brow raised. 

He wore a sky blue t-shirt that molded to his physique, and true blue jeans. His hair was pushed away from his face, the slightest hint of stubble emerging from around his lips. He looked manly, confident—way too perfect. 

As I slid into my seat he leaned over his clean spicy scent wafting over me, "Thought maybe I scared you off." He was teasing me, I was elated that he clearly wasn't going to deny what happened yesterday. 

"Gonna take a lot more than that." I whispered out the corner of my shy smile. 

A low chuckle emanated from his chest, "You want a lot more, come and take it." He stretched kicking his legs in front him, the perfect image of being casual. But the position revealed his crotch to me, he was hard. I swallowed, feeling myself swell in the confines of my jeans. 

I couldn't tell you what we discussed in English, my only focus was on the bulge in his jeans. At one point Owen reached down and plumped himself, palming his erection. I nearly came. It was torture, sitting just a foot away from him but not being able to touch him. Not being able to kiss and lick and suck on his dick. Not being able to peel away the layers standing in my way. I vowed that when I got my chance, I would tease him back force him to endure the same agony. 

When the bell rang he stuck out his hand, I stopped, what did he expect me to do hold hands with him? He rolled his eyes and demanded, "Phone please." I reached into my back pocket to pull out the late model device. He typed for a few seconds before a beep emanated from his pocket. "I'll text you later Summers," he whispered with a smile just for me, his hand lingering as he handed back my phone. 

He stood with little evident care that his bulge stood out obscenely, he probably knew that most of the school would fall to their knees in worship if he gave them any miniscule amount of attention. I couldn't blame them; I was just as enraptured.

I was halfway through my German class, reviewing the difference between the accusative and dative case prepositions when I felt my phone vibrate. Mindful of my austere former Eastern Bloc teacher, I surreptitiously slid my phone out. 

Owen: Meet me at the student parking lot. We're going off campus for lunch. 

Rolling my eyes at his high-handed assumption that I had no plans, I agreed because his assumption was obviously correct even though the thought rankled. I had been waiting for five years for the opportunity to go off campus for lunch, a privilege only extended to the seniors. While my classmates I'm sure had been anticipating being able to eat food worth serving, I had been waiting for a chance to get away from the assholes. Now, I had a whole new reason to be excited.

When the lunch bell tolled, I began my stealth mission. Now I wasn't quite wearing a Gilly suit but I was damn near invisible I was so inconspicuous. I waited in the classroom until I was the last to leave, the crowds were thinning as I slipped through the halls. The student parking lot had been the site of many ass kickings over the years. I didn't want to be seen wandering around the parking lot searching for Owen's car, my usual frenetic sprint to my car wouldn't work and I also really didn't want to be seen getting into Owen's car. 

Soft squeals were emitted from tires as cars pealed away from the school, my peers driving recklessly in a fit of joy and desperation. Keeping my head down, I glanced around the lot trying to find Owen. I was debating pulling out my phone and calling him when I heard my name. Glancing around, I found him. In the corner of the lot propped against a black SUV, he looked completely at ease, so at odds from my own precise tactics to get out to the parking lot. He had thrown on a pair of sunglasses, I suppressed a sigh because he had definitely not needed to look cooler—or hotter depending on my perspective. 

I crossed the lot to his car, glancing furtively around making sure there were no prying eyes around. Owen's eyes remained on me, humor caused his lips to curl into a bright smile, "Have you finished your perimeter sweep?" 

Ugh, he was making fun of me for making sure we were alone? He really did have no idea the danger I was in, that he was in by proxy. I opened my mouth to retort but his lips stopped mine. For a moment, I panicked. We were in the middle of campus, anyone could walk by at any time and then I realized what a good reason to have my ass kicked. 

I melted into his kiss, his lips coaxing a soft sigh as our chests touched. His arms twined around my waist, I wanted to let him have anything he wanted but I also wanted to show him I could give as good as I could get. Running the tip of my tongue over hip bottom lip, his mouth opened to me. I took advantage, nibbling on his bottom lip before sliding my tongue along his. 

His hands grew firm on my hips and he extricated himself from my arms, his eyes dark with lust, "That was meant to be a kiss hello." He said with humor and exasperation. I was shocked at myself, idiot that I am, going to throw away my years of careful planning over making out in the parking lot. Then again, I wasn't too shocked, anyone who looked at Owen Holt would be willing to do the same. 

I brushed a soft kiss over his lips, "Hello Owen." His arms were already trying to slide around me but I slipped by them heading to the passenger's side door, "Where are we going for lunch?" I hid a grin when I heard his low groan from behind me. 

Sliding into the seat, I noted that this car had been built large people. My head had plenty of clearance and even the god-like form of Owen seemed to fit comfortably. "I thought maybe we could go to Whole Foods?" 

I hadn't been expecting to go to the relatively high end grocery store, more ready for a fatty burger or a burrito but I nodded my assent as he started the car. The radio played softly, some rap music that I never cared to listen to. Halfway through the trip, I gave up trying to not look at Owen. He looked relaxed behind the wheel, a small smile graced his lips as he drove. His wavy dark hair fell over his sunglasses, "Are you gonna keep staring at me?" 

Blushing slightly at being caught despite being none too subtle, I answered, "Yeah probably." 

"Next time you're going to have to drive, so I can return the favor," I laughed softly but my heart was clenching at the possibility of next time. Would we be going out to lunch more and more? Was this safe for me? Surely the rest of the school would not have chosen Whole Foods as their lunch destination, but risk was inherent every time we were together. Mostly danger to me, but I could also worry about him, I doubted Owen would be as adept at dodging trouble as I am. 

Wandering through the aisles of Whole Foods, I saw a salad bar and then a granola bar. I wasn't feeling that healthy, now or ever. I noticed against one wall, exactly what I had been looking for... pizza. Carefully selecting a slice of Margherita pizza, I glanced around the area for Owen. 

He wasn't exactly difficult to spot, his large built body was causing quite the scene among the spandex-clad women also around the salad bar. My Pepsi and pizza in hand I found a secluded table. "Healthy meal, Jake?" Owen asked leaning toward me as he sat. 

I scoffed at his food, a large salad but nothing that would make a salad worth eating. No bacon, no cheese, no croutons. In the bio-degradable container there was just spinach, cucumbers, carrots, beets and a grilled chicken breast. "I'm not the one training to be a professional athlete." 

"Please, you play sports too. You really eat that stuff before you run?" 

"It's called carbo-loading. We runners and swimmers do that." Of course we were only supposed to do it the night before a race or meet but he didn't need to know that. 

He stopped with a fork full of spinach halfway to his mouth, his eyes suddenly big, "You swim?" 

I chuckled at his slack-jawed expression, "Yes." 

He dropped his fork back into his salad bowl, "Fuck, all I can do is picture you in those little speedos." 

"No need to picture it; I'll model them for you." His eyes met mine, dark with heat, "and I didn't need to depress myself eating that kind of food to get my body." His eyes did a sweep down my body and I felt my cheeks heat under his scrutiny.

"I still eat pizza, sometimes. It's just homemade and high protein," he said cutting up the chicken. 

"What would it take for you to eat a bite of this pizza: right here, right now?" I asked, as his eyebrows raised.

He leaned back with his arms crossed over his chest appraisingly, "I'll take a bite if you come home with me after school." 

A flush of excitement stole over my cheeks at the prospect of going home with Owen, "You could come to my house, my parents aren't home but you would have to take two bites." 

He smiled slowly, leaning across the table lips inches from mine, "Deal." He lips brushed mine before taking a bite of the pizza I had forgotten was still in my hands. What I wouldn't give for him to be lavishing the same attention on me. He savored that pizza, knowing I can watching. I hadn't known how erotic it was to watch someone eat but the teeth of my zipper against my now very hard dick let me know. 

With a slightly strangled voice I choked out, "How was it?" 

He picked up his fork and speared a cucumber before answer, "I haven't had a greasy slice of pizza in a long time. It was good but I can't let myself eat that way." 

"Lemme guess, you drink a raw egg shake in the mornings?" 

He grinned but a slight blush bloomed across his cheeks, totally endearingly, "I have before." 

My mouth fell open, no one but Rocky Balboa actually did stuff like that. Of course, his body was incredible but who could actually put themselves through that shit, "That's disgusting." 

"I needed to build some muscle." He said, deftly cutting through his chicken breast. 

I laughed, "Yeah because you're so scrawny." He flashed a smile at me, shaking his head. 

"My whole life is hockey, Jake. It's what I'm best at. I missed the draft cut off by three days. I'm lucky in some ways, I get another whole year to get better, bigger, faster before I can enter. Right now I'll probably go fourth overall. I want to be first. I'll go without pizza or soda the rest of my life if I can play." 

Owen had never looked hotter, his face was bright with exhilaration. He talked with passion, I could tell that he really did love playing. I would bet good money that his talent had only been helped by his enthusiasm. Stupidly, I felt jealous of hockey for a moment, I wished that he would like me that much. Then I got a grip, tamping down on the feelings I had no right to have. We're just going to hook up I reminded myself. "I bet it would be okay to indulge once in a while." 

He chuckled low in his throat, "It was better than okay to eat the pizza today and because of it I fully intend to indulge this afternoon." 

My flagging erection was immediately back in full force. I was ready for him to indulge as long as I could too. I could lead a decadent lifestyle, glutting myself on his body, on him. I checked my phone quickly, hoping that there was enough time to get a taste before our lunch break was over. 

Whole Foods was well out of the way, the price of Owen getting to eat his all natural, cage free foods; the drive back wouldn't leave us time for much of anything. 

The ride back passed in companionable silence, other than the discordant sounds of rap that came from his speakers. As he parked, I quickly unbuckled getting ready to sneak away from the car and do a loop that would make it look as if we had never been together. My hand was reaching for the lock when Owen pulled me to him. Turning my face in shock, our lips met none too gently. 

"Sorry, I wasn't expecting that," I whispered against his lips. 

He kissed me again, long and deep, our tongues dueling, "Just trying to get my fill for now. I'll see you after practice." With a last lingering kiss, he let me go. As I walked away, I accepted it. I wanted more with Owen. I wanted his passion and his body. Shaking my head at my stupidity for wanting more than I deserved and more than I could actually handle, I went to class. 

I made it through the rest of the day with little incident. Classes were still in the get-to-know-you stage, with everyone on their best behavior. It would take a few weeks for everyone to actually show who they were. 

Running even failed to free me of my thoughts of Owen but they spurned me on faster. I tried to run off my erection every time I thought of him. I was surely on pace for a personal best trying to push the blood to my legs and out of my dick. My energy was boundless but I begrudgingly accepted that maybe Owen had been right about the pizza, my stomach felt like a lead weight. 

I ran in anticipation but I couldn't help but wish that time would speed up if I ran faster. Instead time crept by almost in the speed at Matt must see the world in. I lapped him and the rest of the stoners countless times as they sat and toked. 

Finally practice was ending, I had never taken a shower at school before but I didn't want to meet Owen sweaty, though I was really okay with us getting sweaty together. Smelling like decades of unwashed teens, I was hoping that I wouldn't have to frequent the room often when I heard voices. 

I would recognize their voices anywhere, Kyle Johnson's deep resonance echoed in the confined space. My pulse escalated far higher than it ever did when I was running. Meeting homophobic assholes in the shower was the worst possible outcome. Silently, I wrapped a towel around my waist and slipped from the showers. 

Paroxysms of fear ran through me as I tip toed my way from the showers to the stalls. I breathed a soft sigh of relief when I locked the door behind me. Standing in a stall in nothing but a towel with conditioner may seem like a pussy move but this pussy is still alive. 

I waited for the team to clear out, they took forever. I didn't hear Owen's voice among the horde as they discussed their preseason workout. Finally, when all had been quiet I unlocked the door and crept from my hideout. The locker room being empty didn't set me completely at ease; I quickly rinsed the drying conditioner out of my hair and roughly toweled off before throwing on my clothes and getting the heck out of dodge. 

Running to the parking lot, I found Owen waiting for me. "Sorry practice ran long," the lie slipped out easily. He didn't need to hear about the locker room non-incident. 

He smiled easily, "All good. I was just doing an easy skate. Getting myself acquainted with the rink." 

"Any good?" 

"It's not world class but it's functional," he paused for a moment. When he spoke again, his voice had dropped about an octave, even though I knew he was trying to overdo the seduction, his voice had a direct line to my dick, "I believe I was promised something." 
