 Hi everyone, here's the next part of Seth's story. Chapter 3 might be a little while cos I've got a lot on at the moment and very little time to sit and write. I would like to thank my lovely new editor for her help on this. Tell me what you think as it give me direction for improvement or even if you'd like to see something happen in the story. Enjoy

~#~

"Aw if it isn't little gay boy." A much older lad said as he pushed Seth into a wall. "Where you going?"

"Home," he said meekly, trying to step past the three boys in front of him.

"Not so fast gay boy." Another lad call before throwing Seth towards another wall. Seth's head hit the wall with a resounding crack, sharp pain shooting across his eyes. Everything seemed blurry as he was pushed into another room. 

Seth screamed out when someone kicked the back of his knee making him to fall to the floor. He knew his tears would make things worse but between the pain and the fear he couldn't stop them.

"Aw is the little gay boy crying for his faggy daddies?" The lead boy teased in a baby voice before kicking Seth in the ribs, forcing the air out of his lungs. "I hate people like you, and I hate people like your disgusting parents!" he shouted. "You think just 'cause your new here you can shove your gayness down our throats!" the boy sneered before another volley of kicks and punches hit Seth.

"I...I'm not..." was all Seth could get out before a hand wrapped around his neck and lifted him off of the floor.

"Not what? Gay? A faggot? I saw you kiss my thirteen year old brother! You are not going to lay another finger on him got that!" He screamed in Seth's face before slamming his head against the wall.

Seth body screamed in pain, every breath was burning agony and his head was pounding while the words the boy had said were screaming in his ears. 

A boy from his class had asked him out to a film on the weekend saying he wanted to get to know the new kid. When Seth said yes, the boy kissed him quickly and ran off with the biggest smile and now Seth was been beaten by his big brother and his friends.Seth screamed in agony when someone stamped on his arm snapping the bone.

"Make sure he doesn't get back up," the leader sneered as his friends continued to beat Seth within an inch of his life.

"Seth!" A familiar voice called out to him in the darkness. All Seth wanted was for the kicks and punches to stop, but the wouldn't.

"Seth I need you to wake up." 

"Seth?" 

"Come on kiddo wake up before Miles gets home, Seth?" the voice stopped, but the beating and the pain continued.

Seth's eyes snapped open as ice cold water splashed across his face leaving him choking on the water he swallowed. 

"Seth I'm so sorry about doing that, but I needed to wake you up." Ryan apologised while rubbing Seth's back to help him clear the water.

"The dream's back?" he asked, pretty sure he knew the answer. Seth just nodded as tears filled his eyes making Ryan's heart break at the sight of his son's pain.

"Shhh," he cooed as he held Seth. "It was just a dream they can't hurt you any more." Ryan reassured, gently rocking him back and forth until Seth started to relax.

"I'll go make us some lunch while you get cleaned up," he smiled warmly, leaving Seth to get cleaned up.

~#~

Kyle slammed the door to his home when he arrived, hardly noticing his Mom or his cousin as he stormed towards the stairs.

"You all right Kyle?" She called after him, but he just pretended not to hear her and locked himself in his room.

All he could think about was how amazing it felt to have Seth against his body, and the feel of his friend's soft lips against his own. Then as soon as it started to heat up Seth told him to leave. It felt like whatever he did, Seth wasn't happy and he was getting pissed with Seth's yo-yo behaviour.

The image of Seth head first in the dryer flashed in his mind. Seth's ass was delicious, two perfect pale mounds that were presented on a plate before him. He was so tempted to slap it when he first walked in but glad he didn't. As Seth reached further into the dryer he parted his legs just a little giving him a picture perfect moment. 

Kyle reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone. Flipping through the images he found the one he had taken of Seth bent over. His small friend was bent over presenting his ass to everyone. The slightest glimpse of his little hole visible between his cheeks and a gorgeous cock nestled behind a lovely set of balls.

A knock on his door broke the picture's trance, bringing Kyle back to his surroundings. "Who is it?" he called out.

"An angel, can I enter oh powerful one?" came Andy's voice making Kyle shake his head at his cousin's antics.

"Yeah."

Andy gently opened the door moving slowly as if any sudden movements would startle Kyle. "So what's up?" he asked once the door was shut.

"Short story is that Seth and I were making out then Jen called and Seth told me to get out." Kyle huffed.

"That's it? What did you say to Jen?"

"I dunno, something like I wasn't with Seth, and then love you too, and hung up." Kyle shrugged.

"Hell Kyle, no wonder he threw you out. I would of too if I was him."

"What did I do?" Kyle said defensively, honestly not understanding what happened.

"Seriously?" Andy asked. At his cousin's blank expression, he sighed. "First, you're cheating on Jen. Second, you blatantly lied in front of him, and made it sound like he was your secret fling. And third, Seth probably has feelings for you, and you just said you love someone else after you'd being making out!"

"Your point?" 

"Christ, you give guys a bad name." Andy said exasperated. "He's probably jealous and feels like you've used him."

"What's he to be jealous of, and how have I used him?" Kyle asked, still not understanding.

"That he's going to have to stand back and watch as you acting all lovey dovey with Jen and all the affection he's gonna get is when you want sex!" 

"But he's a guy." Andy's face fell at his words, making Kyle regret them.

"You know what Kyle, I give up. If you don't sort yourself out soon, you could easily lose Seth. You can't have both him and Jen and your time to choose is running out." Andy said calmly before walking out, leaving Kyle to his thoughts.

~#~

Monday came and went without incident. He and Kyle rarely saw each other on a Monday and he was glad for it. Tuesday was similar to Monday. Every now and then he would see Kyle but he always managed to change direction before he notice him.

Wednesday was a little more difficult as they both had lunch at the same time. Seth had managed to avoid Kyle for the first half of the day but Kyle found him at lunch. He was picking at his sandwich when Kyle sat opposite him and began to eat.

"You've been avoiding me." Kyle stated between mouthfuls of food.

"So?" Seth shrugged, trying to avoid eye contact.

"Why you being so difficult, we're friends aren't we."

"I don't know what we are anymore and I'm not talking about it here." Seth stood and started to clear his half eaten food away.

"I'll come over tonight then around 6, OK?"

"I'm out tonight." Seth said, trying to keep any emotion out of his voice. He was planning on going to the youth group Katie had mentioned on the weekend, but he didn't want Kyle to know.

"With who?" Kyle asked. It was rare for Seth to go out on a school night.

"Friends." Was all Seth said as he picked his stuff up.

"What friends? Hardly anyone talks to you except me and even less would ask you out." Kyle said without thinking. "Shit Seth I didn't meant to.... I'm sorry." Kyle tried to apologise.

Seth froze where he stood. He couldn't believe what his so called friend had just said. His breath had caught in his chest and tears filled his eyes. He couldn't believe Kyle would be so harsh. Without saying a word he walked out of the cafeteria. He had just made it outside of the school before the tears broke.

Without thinking, Seth ran home. By the time he got home his chest and legs were burning. It had taken him 10 minutes instead of the usual half hour to get home, and he could feel it. He took a quick shower and lay down on his bed and made sure to set an alarm for four o'clock so he had time to get ready for tonight.

~#~

Seth stood outside the youth building at ten past six. He'd chosen to wear some tight black jeans with a long sleeved top, a black waistcoat that he kept open, and a black trilby-style hat.

On his way over, Seth's nerves had got the better of him. He had sent Katie a message saying he was going, but just before six she replied and told him she couldn't make tonight. Anticipating Seth's nervous nature she had also told the workers to expect him. Finally, he pushed the buzzer and waited for someone to open the door. It wasn't long until a shortish woman with long brown hair and a big smile came to the door.

"Hi, I'm Sarah, I run the group. You must be Seth." She said chirpily.

"Yes ma'am."

"No need for the ma'am stuff but come on in and we'll get you introduced to everyone." Sarah led him to a room containing large, soft sofas and a big TV on the wall. The general chatter that had been going on froze when everyone noticed him. The group of seven girls and five boys sat in a rough circle of sofas and stared at Seth with curiosity. 

Sarah put her hand on Seth's shoulder scaring him half to death and making everyone laugh. Seth could feel the heat in his cheeks and he turned his gaze to the floor. He had been jumpy when people touched him from behind for as long as he could remember. People grabbing his shoulder normally turned into a beating.

"Guys enough." A soft but strong voice said calming the group. 

"Thanks Leo. Everyone this is Seth."  

"Hi Seth." The group sung in unison. 

"Leo, will you show Seth around while I get everything sorted?" Sarah asked. Seth finally had a face to put to Leo who he studied as he approached.

Leo had a strong handsome features with a straight nose and a strong jaw. His eyes were bright green and his hair was in tight golden curls with a few dyed red. Leo was a good 8" taller than himself and a little larger than average however Seth doubted Leo's size anything but muscle. 

"Right this way." Leo's soft voice said. He crooked his arm as if escorting someone across the road. At the sight of Leo's cocky grin, Seth knew he had no choice but to link arms.

It was obvious that Leo was taking his time with the tour. They had only gone to the gym and the toilets and it had taken them nearly ten minutes. Being constantly touched was also a very different experience for Seth. Only his family really ever touched him and Kyle kept physical contact to a minimum outside of closed doors. Leo was constantly touching his arm or his shoulder as he described what different things were used for and where to find them.

"So, are you out yet?" Leo asked as the were making their way to the second floor.

"Told my parents last week. They were both great about it but that wasn't surprising."

"They got gay friends?"

"Gay family."

"Ah, what about your friends?"

"He took it OK, I guess." Seth thought back to all the things that had happened between them since Seth had came out to Kyle and most of them ended up with him getting hurt.

"He? You only have one friend?" a stunned Leo asked. 

"We'll he's my only male friend and then my only female friend is Katie but she already knew sooo...." Seth just shrugged not wanting to continue. "What about you?" Seth asked, wanting to get the conversation off of Kyle.

"Me, I came out at 14. Some of my friends stuck by me, some didn't. My parents didn't take it well at all." he sighed. "They threw me out and I was taken in by this elderly couple. They're the best thing to ever happen to me though, they even refurbished this place just so people like us had someone to turn to if things went bad."

"They sound like great people." Seth smiled.

"They are." he smiled "I missed my brother the most, but I hadn't seen him for nearly a year when I got thrown out."

"Can't you contact him?" Seth asked.

"No, I wouldn't want to now either. He's done some evil things to people like us." Seth shuddered. He knew exactly what evil things people could do.

"Well that's the end of the tour." Leo said with a flourish. Seth couldn't help but grin when he walked back into the main room.

The night was filled with general chatter and most of it was about Seth. Everyone was asking questions about what his favourite colour was and which actors he found hot. Each question went around the room, but Seth could hardly remember any of the answers except Leo loved blue and he found most actors were too buff for his tastes. 

"So how did your mom and dad take you being gay?" one of the girls asked.

"They took it OK, but I don't have a mom." Seth said smiling at the looks of confusion on everyone's faces.

"You have two parents but no mom, a step-mother counts as a mom, you know." another girl said.

"I don't have a step-mother either."

"You've got two dads." Leo stated, everyone's head whipped round to look at Leo and Seth just grinned at him.

"You said earlier that it wasn't surprising your parents took it so well 'cause of gay family. I thought you meant you had a gay aunt or something, but your family is actually gay." Leo stated.

"So are you adopted?" a boy named Michael asked.

"No, I'm the genetic son of my father Miles and my Aunt Clare who is married to my Aunt Hayley who had a daughter with my father Ryan." Seth explained.

"You'd got no chance of being straight then." Michael joked making everyone laugh.

"Sorry guys and girls but it's closing time." Sarah called and the group groaned in disappointment and began to leave. Everyone was hugging each other goodbye for the week and splitting up into groups for the journey home.

"How you getting home? " Leo whispered in his ear, his hot breath making Seth shiver and blush.

"The number 70." Seth whispered back, his cheeks on fire.

"Awesome, I get the 56 which stops over the road, we can walk over together if you like?"

"Sure." Seth smiled. 

They both finished their goodbyes to the others and began the short walk to the bus stop. In a matter of minutes they were at Seth's stop, neither had spoken in the short walk down the road.

"Sooooo..." Leo said rocking on the balls of his feet and looking at the floor, "Any plans for the weekend?"

"Nope." 

"Fancy seeing a movie?." Leo asked hopefully, but Seth understood what he really wanted to ask.

"That depends on what your really asking" Seth said coyly.

"Will you, Seth, join me, Leo, on a date this Saturday?" he grinned.

"Yes" he smiled.

"Great!" Leo practically shouted, his smile was a mile wide. "Crap that's my bus." He said motioning to the bus coming towards them. "Here's my number," he said, placing a piece go paper in Seth's hand just before he bent down a placed a light kiss on Seth's lips and running over the road.

Seth stood in shock as the bus rolled away, the feeling of deja vu clouding his mind.