 The knock at the door interrupted my thoughts. "Was I really going to go through with this," I thought. I had fantasized about sucking cock for a long time, but I never thought I'd actually do it. Another knock, this time a little louder and less patient.

"Here goes nothing."

I got up off of the bed and walked over to the door. I opened it and looked at the person standing on the other side. I must've looked like the proverbial deer in the headlights because he chuckled.

"Can I come in," he asked?

"Huh? Oh sure." I stepped back to let him in. He fit the description in his email. About 6'2", athletic build, and late 20s. He was dressed in the standard 'business casual' uniform - a polo shirt and khaki pants and he had the ubiquitous laptop bag/backpack slung over his left shoulder. His hair was still slightly damp from the shower he said he was going to take before he came over.

He walked into my hotel room and I closed the door behind him. He stuck out his hand and said, "Hi, I'm Mark. You must be Bill."

"Uh, yeah, I am," I said as I gripped his hand and shook.

"I thought you were going to leave me standing out in the hall. Are you sure you want to do this?"

I replied, "Yes, I'm nervous, but I still want to do it."

"OK. No pressure, but I do have one favor to ask. Well, I guess it's a second favor since you are going to blow me."

Now I was a bit wary. "What's that?"

"Do you mind going into the bathroom and shaving first? Like I said when I answered your ad, I'm really more straight than anything. The slightest hint of stubble would be a real turnoff."

"Oh, sure. I get that."

I headed towards the bathroom and he turned on the television. I turned on the hot water and reached for a wash cloth and my shaving gear. As I waited for the water to get hot, I started thinking about where I was and what I was doing. 

I know it's a cliche, but I considered myself straight except for a long-held desire to suck dick. I don't know why it appeals to me. I don't find men attractive. I certainly didn't want to kiss or hug. I couldn't imagine forming any romantic attachment to a man, but there was something about the thought of being on my knees sucking cock that I couldn't get out of my head. So like hundreds of others, I placed an ad on Craigslist.

"MWM, 48, 5'11", DDF, 225 seeking first cock to suck. Frequent (at least monthly) traveler to Dallas on business. I can host in my hotel 2 or 3 nights when I'm in town. Looking for a patient person interested in a regular blow job. Not ready for a facial or mouthful of cum yet, but maybe down the road. Must be very discreet, as I am."

I got the usual spam, one line replies, and bullshit, but there was one reply that caught my attention.

"Hi, straight SWM with girlfriend looking for occasional stress relief. I've only done this a couple of times before, but I'd like to find a regular. I don't reciprocate. I'll cum wherever you want. DDF and very discreet like you." He included his stats and sent a picture of him wearing boxers. I'm not sure why, but I appreciated that he didn't send a picture of his dick. It seemed more civilized.

We exchanged a few emails and agreed that I would send him my room number after I checked in on Monday night. That was about an hour ago and here I was, still not 100% certain I was going to go through with it.

I finished shaving and went back into the bedroom. I was surprised to see him standing naked over by the desk. His clothes were draped over the back of the desk chair. He must've noticed the shocked look on my face.

"I hope you don't mind. I really want to get down to it."

"Uh, no. I guess I was surprised, but it is why you're here after all."

"Thank goodness. I thought I had screwed it up for a minute there."

He walked towards me and my eyes honed in on his dick. It was flaccid, but it looked good hanging there, slightly swaying as he walked. I wasn't sure what to do, so I decided to ask. "How do we start?"

"Why don't you get on your knees." He continued to walk up to me. I knelt down and now his dick, which was starting to show signs of life, was right in front of my face.

"Just give it a couple of kisses. Go slow. Take your time before you take it in your mouth."

That sounded like a good idea, so I leaned in slightly to kiss the shaft. I noticed a faint, clean smell of soap and was relieved that he had showered before coming over.

I started at the top of the shaft and gave it a little peck, feeling his trimmed pubic hair brush against my upper lip and nose. My first contact with another man's dick. I heard his breathing get just a little heavier and saw his dick twitch. "That was OK," I thought and I leaned in and gave it another little kiss just below the first. I worked my way slowly down the shaft. I think this teasing was having quite an effect on him, but I was really just trying to work my way up to doing more.

I got to the head and hesitated. After all, this was the gross part; where the piss and cum came out of. It was cut and looked like a big mushroom and it looked ok. I decided to go for it and kissed it also. The kiss wasn't any longer than the others, but it elicited a groan from him.

"Oh, man that feels good," he moaned. He lifted the shaft and presented his clean shaven balls. "Please, kiss them too." I did so, first one and then the other, again noticing the clean smell. After a few seconds of this, I leaned back preparing to go to the next step - putting his dick in my mouth - when he did something completely unexpected. He turned around and said, "Now, please kiss my ass."

I leaned back further. "No, sorry, but we didn't talk about that. I'm only interested in giving a blowjob."

His voice got a little more insistent. "C'mon, man. Kiss it. Just the cheeks."

"No. Look, I thought we had worked all of this out in our emails," I said.

That's when he said 3 words that would change my life.

"Richard James Hunter."

My name. How did he know my name?

"Of Phoenix, Arizona."

What the fuck?

"You stupid shit. You left your wallet over on the desk. With your driver's license in it," he chuckled. "I went through it while you were in the bathroom shaving."

I got back to my feet. "I think you better leave now."

He just ignored me. "You left your phone over there too. You're not a complete idiot. You did have it locked, but I saw your wallpaper. You have a nice family. You're wife is still pretty hot for her age. And how old are your boys? 10 and 13?"

"Look..."

"No, you look," he interrupted. "I've got your emails, including the last email you sent with your room number. I've got a picture of your driver's license on my phone and on the cloud and I had time to look up your home phone number, too. 

"Now, you get back on your knees, shut up and listen to what I have to say. Or would you rather I call your wife?"

I was stunned. I didn't know what to do, but I did as he said and knelt back down to hear him out.

"Good boy. I discovered the joys of finding submissive cock suckers on Craigslist a couple of years ago. I'm sure you've trolled the ads fantasizing about finding a cock to suck. On any given night, there's 20 or 30 ads from guys who want to give head. Some are married fag wannabees like you, others are gay guys who just like to serve.

"One night, I was bored and horny and decided to respond to an ad. Within an hour, I had a submissive guy on his knees sucking every drop of cum out of my cock and loving every minute of it. I kept this up for about a year, using him once or twice a week until I got bored and starting looking for the next guy.

"It didn't take me long to find the next guy and he was better than the first. He was into some kinky shit and I took every advantage of it. He lasted about 9 months until I got bored. The third guy wasn't as much fun and I got bored with him after a couple of months.

"I started going through the ads again, but I was losing interest in the thought of finding someone else to take his place. That's when I had an idea. 'What if I find a married guy who is just starting out. Someone with no experience who wants to ease into things.'

"I knew that wouldn't hold my interest for more than a minute, but then it occurred to me that I could get some leverage and threaten to expose him. I have to tell you that just the thought of making some newby do unspeakable dirty things almost made my dick explode.

"So I looked at the ads for a couple of weeks trying to find the right one and, well, here we are. I thought up the shaving ploy. I wasn't sure you'd be dumb enough to leave me with access to your ID, but I figured that even if you weren't, I would get a mediocre blow job and surprise you with a nice load in the mouth on my way out the door."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. My stomach tightened up and I felt light headed. And while he was telling me this, his dick was stiffening. Now he had a full raging hard on and I realized it was bigger than the 6.5 inches he said he had. It was fat too.

"So I have good news and bad news for you. The good news is that I don't want to ruin your life. I have no interest in telling your wife or posting any of this on the Internet. I don't want to hurt you or your career and I don't want your money. This can all be relatively painless for you.

"The bad news is that you are going to do things that you never imagined doing and you're going to do them for a long time. When you resist, you will be punished. If you refuse, your life gets ruined. Our encounters will present you with choices. Cross another boundary and submit further into depravity or see everything you've worked for ruined. I will take great pleasure in making those choices harder and harder for you until you quit or I get tired of you and move on to the next victim.

"Now, before we get down to your first choice, I want to lay out the rules of the game. You said you had business here at least monthly. If you miss a month, you better have proof that you didn't find an excuse not to come. I will punish you regardless, but it will be much more severe if I think you're ducking out on me. You better let me know every time you are in town. 

"I will text you from time to time. It will be discreet. We can work out a little code so that it looks work related, but when get my text, you will send me proof of your location within two hours or I'll assume you're in town and didn't let me know. 

"When you're here, you will make yourself available every night you're in town. If something comes up, I want to see proof that it was important and initiated by someone else. You'll pay for it the next time we meet, but you get to keep your life intact. 

"You can't take another job that would reduce your travel without getting my permission first. I'm a reasonable guy. If the job is better for you and for your family, I'll think of a way you can earn your way out of the rest of your time servicing me so you can take it.

"If at any point I think you're holding out on me, I'll fuck up your life so fast that you won't know what happened. Do you understand?"

I just looked up at him, dazed, and barely nodded my head.

"I didn't hear you," he said.

"Yes," I said meekly.

"Good. Now it's time for your first choice. I'm going to turn around and bend over. You are going to pucker up and kiss my ass. Not my cheeks, but my asshole. You don't have to lick it, but you're going to leave your lips there until I say it's ok to stop. Now tell me what you're going to do."

"I'm going to kiss your butt until you tell me to stop."

"You're going to kiss my asshole. Say it again."

"I'm going to kiss your asshole until you tell me to stop."

"Pucker up, bitch." With that he turned around, bent over the bed, and pulled his cheeks apart.

I was still out of it, but now I was looking at his puckered asshole a few inches from my face. "Oh God, what did I get myself into," I thought.

I must've been staring at it for a good 30 seconds when he said, "Bitch, are you quitting already?"

His menacing tone shook me. I leaned in, closed my eyes, and proceeded to plant my lips on his asshole. I smelled that same clean smell as before and was glad that my lips couldn't taste him. Of course, somewhere in the back of my mind, I knew it would only be a matter of time before I was licking his ass, but I hoped that it wouldn't be tonight. Surely I'd figure out some way out of this before tomorrow night.

After what seemed like a few minutes of my lips pressed against his wrinkly sphnicter, he said, "OK. You can stop now." I leaned back hoping that I was done for the night, but knowing that I wasn't.

He got up and slowly walked over to an armchair on the other side of the bed and sat down. "Crawl over here like the cocksucking little bitch that you are." I crawled over, feeling more ashamed than I ever had in my life. Not only had I just literally kissed this maniac's ass, but now I was crawling across the room to him until I again found myself with his dick just inches from my face.

"Now we're going to play a little game while you show me your rookie cocksucking skills." He picked up his phone, which was sitting on a little table next to the chair. "I think the thing I enjoyed most about your ad is that it said you weren't ready for cum in your mouth. You don't know how hard I laughed at that 

"I haven't cum in over a week and I've got a big, salty, nasty load that needs to go in your mouth and down your throat, but I'm going to be a nice guy and give you a chance to avoid that. Do you want to know what you have to do?"

I nodded yes.

"I'm setting 2 alarms. One for 10 minutes, and the other for 15 minutes. If you get me off before the first alarm goes off, I'll pull out just before I cum and shoot it on your chest. If the first alarm goes off, but you finish me off before the second, I'll cum in your mouth and you'll swallow it all down. If the second goes off, then you have to hold it in your mouth until I tell you to swallow. Do you understand?"

I nodded yes again.

"Good. There's one more thing. You can only use your mouth, lips and tongue. No hands. My cocksuckers don't use their hands to suck me off. Got it?"

I nodded one more time.

"Ordinarily, this wouldn't be much of a contest. I'd hold out for at least 15 minutes and leave you with a mouthful, but all of this has me pretty worked up. I think you can get me off in under 10 minutes if you work at it. If you manage that, you can go at least one more night without swallowing cum.

"Now before we get started, I want to give you a little taste of what's to come." With that, he grabbed his rock hard cock and gave it a squeeze. I looked at the tip of the head and saw a fat drop of clear liquid bead up on the slit. "Go ahead and give it a lick," he said.

I licked the precum off of his head, earning my first taste of cock at the same time." I'd tasted my own precum before, but this time was a little different coming fresh out of the slit without my fingers to transport it to my mouth. This was all dick and precum.

It was slightly salty and viscous, but it didn't bother me. Even before this nightmare started, I knew I would have to taste it as I was sucking cock. What I didn't expect was to see his phone pointed at me, recording as I licked his cock head, when I looked up.

"Hey, you can't..."

He grabbed the hair on the back of my head and jerked my head back. "Bitch, don't tell me what I can't do. I own you." He let go of my hair. "The video is for my future enjoyment and some insurance in case you try to bail out on me. I'm sure your wife's divorce lawyer would have a field day with a video of you willingly licking some dude's dick, but you won't have to worry about that as long as you do what you're told."

"Now, since you still don't get who's calling the shots here, I'm going to record the entire blowjob and I'm going to take 5 minutes off of the first alarm. Now you have 5 minutes to get me off if you want to avoid that mouthful of cum."

I watched him give a couple of taps and swipes on his phone when he suddenly said, "Suck, bitch."

I decided to go for it. I desperately wanted to make him cum before the first alarm. I immediately took his head in my mouth and started sucking and licking. The texture of his head was weird and kind of unpleasant. It was spongy and grainy. It felt like raw meat. I licked the frenulum, the sensitive little flap of skin under the cockhead, and was rewarded with a fresh rivulet of precum pouring out of the slit. It had been awhile since I had a good blowjob, but I remembered what I liked and I tried to apply that to my task.

I felt the clock ticking in my head and knew that I had to keep going. I pushed my head further down, taking more of the cock in my mouth. The tip of my tongue went from the spongy head and rigid frenulum to the smooth surface of the first inch or so of his shaft. I went down about another inch, keeping his head well clear of the entry to my throat and I started bobbing up and down. I used the tip of my tongue to stimulate the underside of his shaft, frenulum and head as I bobbed.

I kept up this pace for what seemed like a minute or two. His breathing grew a little harder and the precum was flowing, but I didn't get a sense that he was close to cumming. I knew I was running out of time so I increased the pace of my bobbing and started going a little deeper. After a couple of more strokes, I felt his cockhead brush against back of my throat, triggering my oversensitive gag reflex. I reflexively jerked back, but I heard him emit a little groan. I don't know whether it was some change in the feeling on his cock or a sadist's reaction to my noticeable discomfort, but my gagging had obviously brought him a little closer to cumming.

I decided to push down again, gagged, and was rewarded with another groan. I pulled back, went for a few shallow strokes, and then gagged again. Pulled back, shallow strokes, another gag. I don't think I was getting more than half of his cock in my mouth, but my eyes were tearing up and I felt like I was at risk of hurling up dinner. Again and again I repeated this rhythm and I felt his legs starting to tense up. More shallow bobs, followed by 2 consecutive gagging bobs, and now he was gripping the armrests of the chair. I knew I was seconds away from winning a small battle in this war. I vaguely heard a beeping noise, but I stayed focused on my task and kept bobbing, willing him to cum.

Suddenly his head swelled and I felt something strange and unexpected - a hot pulse of liquid hitting the back of my throat. I coughed and started to pull back, but a forceful grip on the back of my head kept me in place with just the cockhead in my mouth. The initial spurt was immediately followed by 3 more quick shots that painted my tongue. The taste was disgusting, salty and bitter, and the texture was worse. It felt like clumps of snot in a puddle of water. I swallowed quickly, anxious to get it out of my mouth, but now the cum was flowing out of his dick. To make matters worse, each swallow produced an even worse metallic after taste.

His dick was still cumming, but the volume was finally subsiding. I had swallowed 3, 4, 5 times and still had a mouthful. I had a nasty taste throughout my mouth and now the back of my throat was irritated by his cum. His cock was quickly deflating, but he still held my head in place. Instead of letting me pull off, he told me to take the whole thing in his mouth, which I did.

"Use your lips to milk out every drop," he said. After a few minutes, and the extraction of 2 globs of the worst tasting cum yet, he said, "That wasn't bad for the first time. This is going to be more fun than I thought."

With that, he stood up and directed me to prepare for what's next.

Next? I thought for sure we were done for the night.