 Please read chapter 1 (it is titled "Horns of a Dilemma," but without a chapter number) before proceeding. This story contains non-consensual gay (M/M) sex and other things that may offend. 

*****

"Get ready for what's next, bitch."

I was still on my knees with the awful taste of his cum in my mouth. I had planned to give my first blowjob tonight, but not like this. I didn't expect to be blackmailed into cum eating.

His cum was sitting in my stomach and making me nauseous, or maybe it was just the thought of what was happening. Either way, I knew this was just the first night of many long ones ahead.

He went to his backpack and removed something from it. He went over the dresser, opposite from the bed, and started doing something. His broad back shielded my view. He stepped aside and leaned in to look at his handiwork, talking to me as he did so. 

"I was going to save this for another time, but I didn't like your reaction when I asked you to kiss my ass earlier. Now you're going to lick it until I'm ready to have you suck out another mouthful of cum."

Not only was my violation to continue tonight, but now I was going to do something I hadn't thought I'd ever do. Lick a man's ass. I had read about rimjobs in online stories, but I always rushed through those parts. A couple of people who responded to my ad asked if I'd rim them. One even offered to lick my ass while I sucked him. I ignored them all, disgusted by the thought of giving or receiving.

I saw he had set up a miniature tripod on the dresser. The tripod was at its maximum height and held his phone, which was pointed at the bed. He was looking around at the display screen and making adjustments to the angle to ensure his shot was lined up. He was going to make me the star of his personal asslicking porno.

He adjusted the lighting, first moving over to the desk, which was adjacent to the dresser, and turning on a desk lamp. Next he moved a floor lamp to the other side of the dresser and turned it on. Finally, he turned off a nightstand light that would've backlit the scene.

He checked the display on his phone again and, presumably satisfied by the lighting, directed me to get off of my knees while he moved over to the bed. He grabbed a pillow and with his head at the foot of the bed, facing the camera. He placed the pillow under his groin, propping his ass up, and spread his legs wide. The thought of what was next was slowly sinking in.

He barked at me, "I think you know what to do."

I sighed and climbed up on the bed, kneeling behind him and positioning myself so that my face was about a foot above his ass.

"Use your hands to spread my cheeks and work my asshole with your tongue and lips. Be sure to look at the camera as you start."

I did as instructed because I knew I had little choice. I looked up at his phone and gripped his muscular, smooth ass with my hands, pulling the cheeks apart. I lowered my face to what was waiting for me, his pink puckered sphincter. I stuck my tongue out and used the tip to lightly, almost imperceptibly, brush it. After about a minute of this, he said, "You're going to have to do better than that." He simultaneously reached back with his right hand and pushed down on the back of my head.

I started lapping at it with my tongue, still using a minimum of pressure. It had an earthy taste that was hard to place, but it wasn't terrible. Still, I couldn't get the thought of where my tongue was, and what that place was normally used for, out of my thoughts.

"Lick it like a pussy," he said and he pushed down on my head a little harder. I realized I'd better do as he ordered or face even worse consequences. I alternated between using the tip of my tongue to trace a circle around the wrinkly tissue, lapping at it, and burying my face deeper, using my tongue to massage his anus with some pressure. I remembered to look up at his phone from time-to-time.

He growled, "That's it bitch. The better job you do, the easier the rest of the night is going to be."

I couldn't imagine how this night could get worse, but I decided I would do my best to keep from finding out. I made my tongue rigid and used it to trace clockwise around the outer portion of his asshole and then stopped and flicked it repeatedly at the direct center. He groaned, "Oh, fuck. I bet your wife loves it when you go down on her."

The mention of my wife caused me to hesitate for a split-second as reality set back in. My face flushed with embarrassment. For the first time tonight I wondered what she was doing back at home. I thought about how horrified she would be if she saw my face buried in a strange man's ass.

I pleasured him for a long time until, finally, he exhaled loudly and started to get up. "You can stop now, asslicker," he said. He climbed off of the bed and walked towards the bathroom.

He disappeared into the bathroom and I heard him lift the toilet seat. This was quickly followed by the sound of a strong stream of urine hitting the water in the bowl. After a good minute or more of pissing, i heard the sound of the toilet flushing and the water in the sink running.

I was still half-sitting, half-kneeling on the bed, my thoughts adrift, when he came back into view. He started turning lights off and on, adjusting the lighting for a different shot. He went over to his phone and carried it, still attached to the tripod, over to the nightstand. He adjusted the tripod, peered at the screen, and climbed back on the bed. It rocked as he laid on his back next to where I was sitting.

He said, "Time for you to suck out one more load and then I'll leave you alone for the night."

"But you just peed," I objected. "Aren't you going to take a shower first?"

He laughed. "What a prissy little cocksucker you are. A couple of drops of piss aren't going to hurt you. Especially compared to how I'll hurt you if you don't get your mouth on this dick right now."

I wasn't exactly sure what he was threatening - physical harm, more degradation, or to blow up my life by releasing his evidence? It really didn't matter. Once again, my only good option was to do as he said.

I leaned over and took his flaccid cock in my mouth, cognizant of the camera that was just a couple of feet from my face. I felt a couple of drops of pee escape from the slit on top of his head, but I didn't taste anything. I hoped it was just my imagination.

In its current state, I was able to take the entire cock in my mouth. I used my tongue to swirl around it while I applied gentle suction. My ordeal was almost tolerable when I focused on blowing him. After all, I had fantasized about giving head for years. It was the other things - the orders, the names, the mouthful of cum, and the rimjob, that disgusted me. On top of that, the uncertainty tormented me.

It didn't take long for his cock to react to my ministrations and I felt it growing in my mouth. I retreated to keep the head from pushing into the back of my throat and I shifted my body so that now I was between his legs.

"Don't forget the balls," he said.

I stopped sucking his dick and lifted the shaft out of the way, assuming (correctly) that it was permissible to use my hand in this manner. I laid down on my stomach and started licking his shaved balls. I slathered saliva on them. He told me to take one of the testicles in my mouth and gently suck on it, and I did. It occurred to me that I was in a position in which I could do a lot of damage, with his ball in my mouth, but I didn't think I could live with the consequences. Still, the thought was briefly empowering.

After spending some time sucking on one testicle, I turned my attentions to the other and proceeded to do the same. After some time spent with this ball in my mouth he told me to get back to work on his dick.

By now, it was as hard as it was during the first blowjob. I took the head in my mouth and started working my tongue along the underside like earlier this evening. I immediately received a fresh seepage of precum. I started to repeat my performance from earlier, working my mouth down until I gagged a bit, but he told me to take my time.

"Why don't you just suck on the head and enjoy the taste of my precum," he said somewhat mockingly.

I did as instructed and focused on his mushroom. I used my lips to rub the sensitive underside of the head while my tongue licked the slit. I went back to my original tactic of using my tongue to stimulate the frenulum. I sucked on the head and used my tongue to swirl around the shaft. It dawned on me that these were the same techniques Laura used when she sucked my dick back in the day. I was giving him my wife's blowjob.

This went on for awhile as his cock continued to leak precum. By now it was getting rather salty, which I interpreted as an indication that he was getting closer to cumming. It couldn't happen fast enough as my jaws were aching from having to accommodate his fat cock. 

Finally, I felt him tense up and heard a grunt and tasted the now familiar bitter cum filling my mouth. I swallowed quickly, both to try to get rid of the taste and to forestall any commands to hold it. There was a lot less cum this time, but it tasted just as bad. The aftertaste was worse. Again, he told me to get every drop and I used my lips to squeeze his shaft like a tube of toothpaste.

When I finally pulled up, I noticed a trickle of cum that had escaped my mouth and pooled up in the wrinkly skin at the juncture of his scrotum and shaft. He noticed it too.

"Clean it up. My cocksuckers eat all of my cum unless I have other plans for it," he said.

I ducked my head down again and tried to lick up the little pool of cum. The tip of my tongue danced in it, stirred it, but was unable to scoop up the slippery liquid.

"All of that playing around with it is making me think that I could go for another round tonight," he said in a menacing voice. "I bet I can come up with something to motivate you to eat my cum faster."

Terrified by the thought, I pressed my lips to the puddle and slurped it up almost as though I was sucking the head of foam off of a freshly poured beer. The obscene sound created by this action was echoed by his laughter.

"That's the kind of enthusiasm I like to see. Now get off of the bed and back on your knees."

"Oh, god, what now," I asked myself. "I've done everything he's asked. When will this stop?"

He stood and positioned himself with his cock an inch from my face. He picked up the tripod, with the phone still attached, and pointed it down at me.

"Now it's time for you to give my cock a proper goodbye. Kiss the head."

I gave it a quick peck.

"What's your wife's name?"

I hesitated, debating whether to make up a name.

"Don't think about lying to me. I can easily find out."

"Laura," I replied, opting for the truth.

"Kiss my dick like you kiss Laura."

Hearing him say her name was shocking, but I kissed the head again, this time lingering and using my tongue to lick the slit.

"Much better. Now the balls."

I repeated my performance, first with the left testicle and then the right."

Without saying anything he turned around and bent over.

This time there was no hesitation. I leaned in, pulled his cheeks apart and kissed his tight little asshole, using my tongue to lap at it.

"Not bad," he said as he straightened up. "Laura would be proud."

I never felt more humiliated in my life.

He spent the next few minutes getting dressed and preparing to leave. He walked towards the door, stopped and looked over at me. I was still on my knees.

"I'm going to have some fun with you," he said with a sneer. "I'll see you tomorrow night at seven."

With that he walked out the door. I looked over at the clock and saw that he had been there for just over two hours.

Still on my knees, I whispered, "What in the fuck am I going to do?"