 Jim's wife and Trent's met each other at a Yoga class and soon became best of friends. The two couples, both married less than a year, had gone out a few times for pizza and a movie and those were passable evenings. But the wives always wanted to do girl things, like cruise the malls or get their nails done, so they'd usually leave the two husbands out of their plans. 

But one weekend Ellen's car broke down and she asked her husband if he could give her a lift over to Trent and Lisa's place. The two wives had an appointment at the hairdresser's and then were going to check out a few department store sales. So Jim dropped Ellen over at Lisa's, and when they got there Trent asked Jim whether he might want to stay and watch the big college game on TV that afternoon. Jim was a football fan himself, so he said sure, he'd stay and watch. And that way, rather than having to come back to pick up his wife, he could hang with Trent and the two could kill time downing some brews and watching college football until the wives got back.

But at half time it was clear this game was going nowhere and it was hard for the two husbands to pay any more attention to it.

"Say listen," Trent said To Jim. "Me and Lisa, we rented a couple of adult videos last night but Lisa conked out before we could watch them. They're due back later at the video store and I was going to check them out while Lisa was out before returning them. Feel like checking them out with me? Because this ball game's a real drag."

Jim liked watching porn. Before they got married he and Ellen would watch porn together and it would turn them on and they'd go at it.

"Sure, I'll check 'em out with you, bud," Jim said. 

So Trent went to fetch the videos and slid a DVD into the player. Soon they were watching a sizzling scene where two hung studs were really putting it to a slut. 

"Will you look at the size of the dick on that one guy," Trent said. "Where do they find freaks like that?"

Trent smiled. He happened to be a freak like that himself, with his ten inch tool. He couldn't count the number of times that thick tool of his got babes to drop their jaws, awestruck either with excitement or with dread. And he had a feeling that Jim over here had more than a passing interest in big cocks. For he'd heard from his wife that Lisa told Ellen, in strict confidence of course, how her husband loved it with she strapped on a big rubber cock and fucked him up the ass with it. And Trent knew a secret too. Because his wife told him that Ellen told her that her husband Jim had the biggest, thickest cock she'd ever seen, handled, sucked or fucked. So here they were, staring at the TV screen at two hung studs socking it to a busty slut, knowing these secrets about each other.

"Then I guess I must be a freak," Trent said, owning up to what he was aware Trent already knew, "'Cause I got at least an inch on that stud and I'm thicker than he is."

"You're shittin' me!" Trent said, acting like he was surprised, his eyes dropping down to Jim's crotch.

"I kid you not dude," Jim said. "Here, take a look for yourself."

First, Jim knew that Trent loved his wife's rubber cock, so he figured he might enjoy the real thing too. Second, he happened to know Trent was well aware of Jim's endowment and that's probably why he started talking about hung 'freaks' in the first place. And third, Jim was feeling horny that day, and with Trent suggesting they watch some adult fare together, and then right away bringing the conversation to the subject of big dicks, he was guessing that just maybe Trent was angling for a cock like that for his very own. And Jim was definitely feeling up for it. Sure, he was married but now he was remembering how before hooking up with Ellen he'd had some pretty good times with studs. For some reason he and his wife weren't having too much fun in the sack lately, and Jim had been thinking about studs again, the fun he'd had with them in the past.

Trent, for his part, was bi too. At twenty five, he was younger than Jim. And among his younger set, a lot of the guys were bi. But after he got married to Lisa, she made him promise that there'd be no more hanky panky of the boy-girl or boy-boy variety. She was willing to strap on a dildo, to feed it to him and slam it up his ass, so he could remember the good ole times when he was regularly shown what a nice, stiff cock can do for a horny young dude's bottom. Now here was Jim next to him, about to pull out his mammoth erect penis.

"Holy fucking shit!" Trent gasped when he laid his eyes on it. The video had turned them on and by the time Jim whipped it out, his tool was up to full mast, two inches short of a foot and as thick as his wife's wrist.

"Like it?" Jim said, turning to Trent, showing it off, knowing the younger dude was hot to see it.

"Love it!" Trent purred, licking his lips.

"If you love it so much, take it in your hand and hold it," Jim said and Trent happily obliged, wrapping his fist around the thick, rigid girth, twisting the shaft in his hand. Sometimes when he'd suck the knob of his wife's dildo while fisting the shaft, he'd pine for the real thing, wondering whether he'd ever have one to himself again. And now here he was, about to have some fun with this other husband while the two wives were off getting their hair done. Or so he thought. Because Ellen and Lisa had a secret too. Sometimes when they went off to shop they'd actually slip into Lisa's real estate office, where she had a couch. There, they'd pull down their jeans, tear off their panties, and show each other just how good two horny wives, with an occasional taste for pussy, could make each other feel.

But back to Trent and Jim. While Trent fisted Jim, Jim reached over and pulled down Trent's zipper, digging in to see what Trent was hiding down there. What he pulled out was another rigid dick, big too, though not quite the freak of nature Jim's was.

"Can I suck it now?" Trent gasped.

"Do you have to ask?" Jim said with a sexy smile as, looking up at him, never losing his gaze, Trent lowered his face over Jim's dick, engulfing the big, smooth cockhead with his lips. The wives had talked about how all four had been tested before getting married and all were disease-free and in good working order. That was a relief now since, with his wife on the pill, Trent didn't have any rubbers in the house. Luckily he and Jim wouldn't be needing them.

"Yeah, eat my dick!" Jim hissed at him, pushing down on his head, figuring a guy who let his wife fuck him up the ass and drooled over Jim's big cock, liked it nice and direct, maybe a little bit rough. 

Trent was going crazy, taking as much of the massive cock as he could in his mouth and down his throat. Jim looked down at the sexy, young cocksucker. Trent was a great looking dude, he could've been a model, like his wife actually was. So Jim, feeling horny, and hankering for a man's touch lately, was figuring he had lucked out.

"How about we take off our clothes?" Trent whispered huskily, catching his breath as he pulled his lips away from Jim's dick.

"Sure, bud, let's rip 'em off!" Jim said as, in about two seconds flat, the two wiry, muscled studs were as naked as on the day they were born. They were standing up now as they pulled off their T-shirts. Then Trent decided to drop to his knees in front of Jim, mouthing his dick again, twisting the huge shaft with both hands as he devoured the knob. Jim, a tall six-foot-two, stood there, his hands on his hips, looking down at the cute young stud, his massive cock stuffed in the Trent's mouth. Jim reached down to hold Trent's head in place, then fucked his mouth the way his wife use to like it when he fucked hers, rough and steady. She'd lost her taste for that a while back. But this guy down on his knees in front of Jim sure seemed to have him a healthy appetite for cock!

"Lick my balls," Jim barked as Trent breathlessly dragged his tongue all over the rough skin of Jim's scrotum.

"Now I got one more place for you to lick," Jim said as Trent looked up like he had just heard the magic words, panting with excitement.

"Oh yeah, I bet I know where that is," Trent smirked, dragging himself on his knees behind Jim. Trent's heart started racing as he stared at Jim's smooth, muscled butt. The two couples had gone to a nude beach together once so Trent had already eyed that great set of buns. Now here they were in front of him again. He held open Jim's buttocks, peering into his crack to stare at the jewel. 

"That's it, rim my fuckin' asshole!" Jim snarled down at him with a low, gruff voice.

With a passion he'd forgotten he had, Trent slurped away at that sphincter, eating up Jim hot, rugged ass.

Jim was loving it. Before they were married, Ellen would eat out his ass once in a while, though never with much enthusiasm. Then she stopped. Back in the old days Jim always appreciated a wet, warm, willing tongue digging between his butt cheeks. Now here he was enjoying it again, courtesy of Trent. 

Then Trent stood up.

"Okay, dude, you've seen what I can do for a stud like you with this mouth of mine," he said, turning around, reaching back to hold himself open. "Now here's another part of me that can do something for those thick, ten inches of yours."

Jim stared at the puckered asshole, fisting his own cock now.

"You sure you can take it?" Jim asked. He remembered those times a babe or a stud would be eager to try it up his or her ass. Then, when the moment of truth finally arrived, they just couldn't take it and had to beg off. That was always awkward. And so Jim wanted to give Trent a chance to size up the situation, and back off if he felt he couldn't handle it.

But that look in his eyes told Jim that Trent would take just about anything Jim could give him. The young stud seemed seriously lust-crazed.

"I can sure try," Trent said with a wink, standing straight. "I'll be back in a minute, dude, keep fisting it."

He left the room and came back moments later with a big jar of petroleum jelly.

"Lisa just got a fresh jar, she likes to use it on her dry skin, she says," he laughed. "If only she knew what I was about to use it for now!"

They both got a kick out of that one. Though Trent was aware her dry skin wasn't the only thing she used it for, picturing how she spread the petroleum jelly over her rubber cock before burying it up her husband's butt.

Trent dug into the jar, slapping a big dab between his cheeks, making sure Jim watched closely as he greased up his asshole, greased it up for Jim's outrageously oversized erect penis! Jim helped out with the greasing too, driving a couple of his big, stiff fingers up Trent's rectum. Man, it felt good fingering a dude's butt again, knowing he was about to stuff his dick inside it.

Then Trent got down on the couch on elbows and knees, sticking it out for Jim. Jim knelt behind Trent, cock in hand, poised, ready and so erect it looked like it could burst. Both now really appreciated that they had been tested when they got married and had happily given up rubbers long ago. Now, each knowing the other was negative, they could still forego them.

"Bury it in there, stud!" Jim hissed, looking back over his shoulder at Jim. "Fuck my tight ass!"

And that's exactly what Jim now did, working the tip against the lubed sphincter, finding the bullseye, and then just pushing it relentlessly forward, inch by thick inch, stopping to let Trent get used to its awesome thickness, then sliding it further in. Finally the full ten inches was buried deep in Trent's bowels, Jim's balls pressing against Trent's dilated sphincter.

"You're busting me in half, stud!" Trent said, looking back at Jim, his eyes blazing with arousal.

"And you're loving it!" Jim sneered.

"I sure as shit am, dude!" Trent hissed. "So fuck me! Sock it to my hot, nasty bottom! Bury it inside me, stud!"

Jim smiled to himself. Back when Trent was doing it with the guys, he was probably a star attraction, Jim figured. He was so cute, and he was such a slut!

Trent had been enjoying his wife's dildo back there, but it was nothing compared to what Jim was slamming inside him now. It actually amazed Trent that he was able to take Jim like this, to accommodate his obscenely huge cock. But that just showed that when desire is powerful enough, most obstacles can be overcome.

"Get on top of me now, Jim, I want to look at you," Trent asked him, pulling away. Trent stretched out on the couch, wedging a cushion under his butt and flexing his legs way back, exposing his asshole, perfectly angled for Jim's reentry. Jim knelt between Trent's legs, just like he did between his wife's when he fucked her, and slammed his cock up Trent's ass again. Now he had a good view of Jim's rigid cock. Trent was fisting it, but Jim slapped his hand away and took the shaft in his own hand. It had been a long time since he'd fisted a rigid cock, and it felt good. And it sure felt good for Trent, the way he was oohing and ahhing!

Jim loved looking down, seeing his thick cock forcing opening Trent's bottom, his asshole stretched to the limits around Jim's thickness. He fucked that ass of Trent's with smooth, powerful strokes, working the full ten inches deep inside, then pulling it out slowly, before shoving the whole length in again.

"Goddamn! You sure know how to fuck an ass!" Trent said, looking up at Jim with lust-glazed eyes. Ellen had never let Jim fuck her up the butt. She said he was just too big for her back there. So it was quite a treat now having this slut offering up his bottom for Jim' s pleasure.

"And you got a nice smooth, tight ass to fuck, dude!" Jim purred, fisting Trent's shaft as he pulverized his bottom. 

Then he felt it, Trent's steely cock throbbing in his hand. Moments later Trent was spraying a heavy load all over himself as Jim milked it, jets of semen shooting three feet to smother Trent's own face. What a nasty sight, Jim thought. The slut had cum all over himself as Jim reamed out his rectum.

Now it was Jim's turn. And Trent sensed it, feeling the telltale spasms against his sphincter, knowing that Jim was depositing a big load deep inside Trent's hungry, horny bowels! He'd never had anything but a rubber-draped cock inside there, so he luxuriated in the new and exquisite sensation.

They dressed and turned on the TV again to catch the last few minutes of the fourth quarter. Just then the wives came back, and soon after Jim and Ellen headed for home.

"I'm beat, honey," Lisa said to Trent when they were alone. "I'm gonna take a nap, okay?" 

"I'm beat too, I think I'll join you, babe," Trent said.

Meanwhile as Jim drove, his wife looked over at him.

"I know you told me this morning you were horny today," she said. "And I said to you when he got home later I'd take care of you. But I'm really feeling worn out from all this shopping. So can it wait until tomorrow?"

"Sure, honey," Jim said, surprising his wife. "I'm kind of worn out myself."