 Halloween is one of my favorite holidays. I had been waiting for this night all week. well, at least since I finally decided on my costume. After weeks of debate with my boyfriend, I decided I wouldn't be the Luigi to his Mario and I would go as something completely different. I would borrow my sister's low cut Chinese dress and drag up to go as a hot Chinese seductress.

I know what you're probably thinking. Gay guy goes in drag for Halloween - groundbreaking! But, I've never done drag before and outside of loving dick, I'm your everyday guy's guy. I stand about 5'9" 160 lean build with short light brown hair and golden brown eyes and lightly tanned skin. I'm not a gym rat but I take care and am proud of my body and my naturally bubbled butt. I'm naturally smooth from my waist to my face with blond hair everywhere else you'd expect it.

My boyfriend, Graham, had to work but said he'd pick me up at my sister's house after he got off on the way to our friend's house. My sister agreed to help me get ready since I knew nothing about anything that had to do with being a girl... well, almost nothing. My sister was almost too excited about helping me dress up. She always said that I was "like the worst gay brother ever" and now, at least for a little bit, she was finally getting the gay brother she'd always wanted. 

I tried on the dress, first thing, to make sure that it fit. It was a black silk number with textured red and gold flower prints running up and down. For the most part, it fit pretty well but With no padding, the boob area was pretty loose. The dress buttoned around my neck with the sleeves covering just the tops of my shoulders and arms. I have a few inches on my sister so the dress was a bit short on me - borderline uncomfortable as it barely covered my ass and the slit on the side would've made any normal girl blush.

My sister looked me over, making mental notes on how to really pull this off. She told me to take it off and get into the bathroom to shave. 

"Shave?"

"Yes, you have to shave your legs if you want to pull this off. The rest of you is already girly enough but the legs need to be as smooth as your face."

I started to argue when she gave me that look that all sisters have while simultaneously pushing me into the bathroom and closing the door behind me. 

"Do not waste my time!," I heard her say as she trailed back to her room.

I turned on the shower and started to shave my legs. I initially just shaved the part that would show through the dress but after looking at how ridiculous I looked, I proceeded to shave the rest of my legs, then my pubes, then my crack, and what little trail I had. I looked at myself in the mirror and felt my hips and my thighs admiring the smooth feeling of my skin as I lotioned myself up head to toe. 

My sister interrupted my vanity session with a knock on the door. She told me that she had a present for me and passed a pink bag through the cracked door. I said, "thanks," as I heard her laughing down the hallway. I looked in the bag and there was a black lacy bra with built in boobs and pink laced panties. I put on the bra on and it helped me fill out the dress much better. While I was overall pleased with the bra and what it did to my look, I was mortified by the panties and put my plaid boxers on instead. I walked down the hall into my sister's room and within the second of stepping foot in her room she started laying into me about how much of a pussy I was.

"You look ridiculous. You can see your boxers coming out from under the dress. Why do you even want to dress up like this if you're not willing to do it right? Listen - it's either the panties or nothing because you look like a douche!"

I looked in the mirror and realized she was right. Without a word, I grabbed the panties out of the bag and turned around to shyly change into them. That's when she handed me tape and said that I would need to do something to keep myself in them. I didn't dare question her again so took the tape, stored my package away for the night, and slid my new panties on over them. I turned around to see my sister smiling at me. 

"You look great, how do you feel?"

"I feel good. A little embarrassed but the panties are actually nice."

And they were. I liked the way they felt around my smooth skin. I was starting to feel pretty in them. Sexy even. My sister tended to my make-up. Fixed my wig. Did my nails. And then rummaged through her roommates closet and pulled out these killer black pumps. After practicing walking in them, she let me look in the mirror. I was blown away! I couldn't believe the hottie that was staring back at me.

I was hot and I liked it. I started getting into the part with how I walked, how I crossed my legs when I sat, how I flipped my hair when it was in my eyes. I was having a lot of fun with it. I could tell my sister was too. That's when the doorbell rang. I looked at the clock and based on the time, it was most certainly Graham on the other side of the door. I started getting nervous for some reason. I went to gather my things while my sister opened the door for him. I came to meet him in the living room and as I walked in he turned to me and smiled and politely said, "hello." He then turned back to finish his conversation with my sister. Did he not recognize me? That's when you could see his face having that "aha" moment when he took a double take at me and said, "Holy fuck, Ryan! Is that you" I smiled and started blushing all over. 

He started laughing hysterically. Then my sister joined in making me beet-red embarrassed. He could tell how I was feeling so he swept over to me, grabbed me in his arms, and planted a big kiss on my ruby red lips. He told me that I looked like Lucy Liu and we both laughed. I told him that he looked cute too. Overalls are hard to pull off, but if anyone could, Graham could. He had shaven his beard off so that all that was left was the signature Mario mustache and a thick jaw line. His tight red shirt showed off all his hard work in the gym standing at 5'11" 185. I felt his freshly shaved stubble as I stared into his green eyes offset by his brown hair. I could tell he wanted to get me alone as much as I wanted to bury myself in those overalls.

We took a shot of bourbon with my sister, thanked her and took off for our friend's house. Graham told me again how hot I looked, joking that he'd never been with an Asian chick before. I laughed coyly questioning if he had ever had a chick before at all. "Yeah, Princess Peach," he responded. We laughed at how corny his joke was when I felt his hand on the inside of my thigh.

"Did you shave? Wow, you're really committed to this."

"Shut up! My sister made me!" I said as I rolled my eyes.

"No, I'm glad she did? I kind've like it," he said as his hand went further up my leg. "Are those panties?"

"Yes. Do you like them?" I said as I widened my legs.

He grabbed my hand and said, "you tell me," as he placed my fingers on the throbbing bulge growing under his bluejean overalls. He rubbed my hand all over his dick until I no longer needed the guidance. I followed the imprint of his dick while I admired the girth. But this was uncharted territory for me. After all these years, I realized that this was the first time I had ever fooled around with a guy in overalls.

"How do you get in there?" I asked.

Without skipping a beat, he unzipped a hidden zipper and pulled out his 7" dick. I fucking love that dick. plump, pink, juicy veiny perfect dick. I lowered myself onto him and sucked his dick as he gyrated and stretched in the driver's seat below me. I started by tonguing the precum off the tip of his mushroom head. He moaned while I concentrated on the tip with my puckered red lips. I soaked in the warmth and smell of his manhood as I went deeper down on his beautiful piece. The vibrations of the car added an extra layer to this delicious blowjob. 

Graham was always so gentle with me usually but there was something different tonight. He grabbed the back of my long flowing hair and pushed me down while he pumped his dick in and out of my mouth. I started to tell him that he was being a bit too aggressive when he pushed me down harder and said, "Don't talk bitch." I was stunned. Graham had never talked to me like that but by the thrusts and moaning, I could tell he was just getting lost in the moment. Even the car would speed up and slow down depending on where I was on his dick. My eyes watered as I tried to fit all of him in me. "Take my dick slut! I'm going to choke your useless cuntmouth with this dick." I was offended but also turned on as I was getting to see a more dominant Graham I had never seen before. If anything we had been on the same playing field with both of us flipping from time to time. It was demeaning but the hot factor made up for it. His hand reached behind me, sliding my panties to the side he started fingering my ass and my back arched to support the sensation. I moaned on his penis and he moaned with the feeling it created on his dick. I started blowing him with real intent to please and he could tell how much I was enjoying it.

That's when I heard a car honk. Not noticing we were now at a stoplight, I popped up and looked behind me. There was a carful of teenage boys staring in at us hollering and highfiving from the lane beside us. I was mortified. Graham just laughed and gave them the thumbs up. They totally thought I was some dumb bitch giving Mario roadhead. I looked at Graham with nervous eyes, and he just said, "Why stop now princess?" He grabbed the back of my neck and reintroduced me to his hardon. We were stuck at a stoplight so those boys weren't going anywhere. I didn't try to get up - partly because of the dick in front of me, partly because I didn't want to be face to face with those boys again. I heard them screaming while Graham fucked my mouth like a cunt. 

"Suck that dick bitch? that whore loves it? How much for the hooker, bro? Wish we could spitroast that slut," I heard the boys chanting while I slobbered up and down on Graham's dick. The audience was clearly getting to Graham as his thrusts and moans got harder and louder and quicker by the second. Without notice, Graham grabbed my head and slammed it into his dick, balls deep, while he unloaded ropes and ropes of jizz into my belly. He held me there forever as he filled me up full of cum. Our car horn honked amongst the gyrations he was making and I must've looked like a ragdoll being thrown up and down by my head around the car. The boys hollered and clapped as we drove away. 

I came up for air startled by what just happened. I looked at Graham who was sweaty, breathing heavy, with this look on his face like he had just conquered the world. He smiled at me, and used his thumb to wipe some cum off my chin. He stuck his thumb in my mouth and said, "you missed some baby." Taken aback by his unprecedented cockiness and what just happened I just looked at him with his thumb massaging my tongue. He told me how hot that I was and how he likes me better when I let go. I didn't know what that meant and didn't feel like getting into it with him at the moment. Not to mention my throat was sore. I looked in the vanity mirror and noticed my makeup and hair were all over the place. I looked like a true cum slut. I needed to clean myself up before the party. 

*****

Thanks everybody - this is my first story ever. There's more to tell - do you want to hear it?