 Graham and I spent the rest of the ride in silence. While my silence was deep in contemplation, his seemed to be lost in bliss or the radio. I had freshened myself back to the beautiful Asian girl my sister had turned me into not 30 minutes ago. I was enjoying the feeling of the wind gliding through my hair as I looked at my reflection in the passenger mirror. It was still a bit startling - that girl staring back at me. I reached through my purse and grabbed a Marlboro light, pressing it to my lips and inhaling in to the flame of my lighter. I took a drag and released as I admired the red lip stain on the end of it. 

"Give me a drag, baby, said Graham from the driver's seat.

I looked in Graham's direction and playfully exhaled a drag in his face. He half smiled at me lowering his eyes while he grabbed the smoke out of my hand. He took a quick drag, inhaled and then exhaled. "So, what am I supposed to call you?"

"I don't care what you call me," I said as I stole my cigarette back. 

"Well, I guess Ryan is a unisex name. It just doesn't fit the new you" he offered with a chuckle. "Rhianna? Ranee?... Roxanne seems to describe your red light special look a little better. Rosey for your rose bud?" he started laughing. "Maybe, I'll just call you my bitch!"

Thankfully we had pulled up to our friend's house because I wasn't sure how much more of these awful jokes I could take. He pulled onto the side of the street in front of our friend's apartment and turned off the car. We both opened our doors, got out, and closed them behind us. "Baby, you should let the man open your doors for you." 

I rolled my eyes but laughed and told him to go fuck himself. 

We rang the doorbell and Annie opened the door. She was dressed up as Cat Woman and looked fierce as always. She took a quick glance at us and pulled us in for a big group hug. She grabbed me by the ass and said, "Don't forget who's head bitch around here baby girl!" We laughed as Graham and I could easily tell Annie was on her way to drunk mode. She led us into the apartment straight to the bar. "Here, I made shots!" as she handed us each our own shot of who knows what. 

They took theirs down but I couldn't stomach it. There was no way I could stomach that fruity concoction - I needed something straight. LOL. I handed mine to Graham and he took a second shot. Annie handed us a beer and we cheersed to the night.

I was taking a sip of my corona when I heard a loud noise coming from the hall. Before I could turn around Chase had tackled me to the ground and began to hump my leg while the others laughed. "Who is this sexy bitch?!" Chase asked knowing full well who I was. "Annie - I didn't know you were inviting your slutty friends!" he said still humping me with his face breathing on mine. 

As I lay on the ground, I turned to look at him through his mask and told him he was a douche as I chastised him for making me spill my beer. "You wish you could get a lady like me," I sassed back flipping my hair as I climbed back up on my heels.

"You know that's right!" he said while he slapped me on the ass. "Graham, you better watch out!"

Chase was Annie's boyfriend. I knew Annie first - we went to high school together. Chase started dating Annie 7 years ago and we've all been friends ever since. Chase was fun as shit. A bro's bro who could get along with anyone. He loved fucking with me and Graham kind of like frat boys fuck with each other. I know he and Annie would have threesomes with girls sometimes as he always told me about his escapades. Then he'd joke about how we (Graham and I) wish that we could have a go at his dick. He was such a dipshit. For being an idiot though, Chase was pretty attractive. He wasn't an Adonis or anything, but his personality made him hot and approachable and his ability to flirt was disarmingly charming. 

Chase was 6 foot, I'd say. 190. He had brown hair, blue eyes and pretty pale skin. He had big feet and big hands and worked out fairly often I'd say. He had a hairy chest and hairy legs with a nice firm ass. His forearms were hot and his guns were firm. I had never seen him completely naked but I really admired his broad back. He dressed like he didn't give a fuck about what he looked like which, for me, added to his hotness level. He was the kind of guy who wears adult onesies at Christmas, doesn't comb his hair, and farts all the time. You know, the kind of guy you should be grossed out by but really just makes you laugh and makes you comfortable. He was dressed as Batman and his blue eyes really popped through the eyeholes.

With all the commotion of being tackled like a quarterback, I didn't notice Travis in the background. I forgot that Chase mentioned he and his girlfriend were going to be there. I actually worked with Travis but didn't really know much about him. Chase had gotten to know him pretty well as the three of us worked for the same company but they worked in the same department. Travis was always cordial towards me but not overly friendly. Chase told me once that Travis didn't really approve of "the gay lifestyle." I'd always been pretty reserved around him after hearing that. I smiled at him and he smiled back at me politely before he returned to nursing his beer. 

Here's the thing, Travis was hot! He is 6'4 - maybe 6'5" I don't know how much he weighs but he weighed enough to be bigger and hotter than the rest of us there. He was only 22, but he looked like the everyday idea of what a real man is. He has dark brown eyes and dirty blonde hair. He is tan and his body hair is sun kissed golden. His shoulders and neck and arms and legs are so thick but put all together he was fairly lean for such a tall guy. His voice was deep and rattly and he was perfectly mysterious. Tonight, he was dressed up as a police officer, short sleeve brown shirt with black pants, shoes, and hat. His two top shirt buttons were unbuttoned revealing that he had a smooth glowing chest.

"Where's your lady," Graham asked.

"She got called into work." Travis replied.

"That's too bad! You look great, officer. You ready to get shitty?" joked Graham.

Travis taken aback by the probably too gay compliment turned his attention to Chase and said he was ready to head to the bar. We downed a couple more shots as we waited for the Uber to pick us up. The Uber arrived to pick us up. Travis is so tall, that everyone just offered up the front seat to him on the way to the bars. The rest of us packed into the back seat tightly. Annie was practically hanging out the window as she bounced up and down on Chase's lap. I sat bitch in between Graham and Chase and really felt like a bitch looking at myself through the rearview, starting to rethink my costume. 

Chase must've sensed my doubt because he grabbed onto my leg and whispered into my ear. "I would totally fuck you!" 

He laughed and then Annie said in not such a whisper, "Ha! I'd fuck you too!" before the whole car erupted into laughter. Even Travis was laughing. Even the Uber driver laughed along. I laid my head on Graham's shoulder and he kissed me on the forehead. 

We got to the bar and waited in line to get in. Annie and I went first, and when it was my turn I gave the bouncer my ID. He smiled for a split second as he eyed my driver's license and then started shaking his head. Not sure what this meant, I just stood there while he eyeballed me from head to toe. The bouncer gave me back my ID and he told me that ladies don't have to pay the cover charge tonight, chuckling as he flagged us in. 

While we waited for the other guys, Annie and I headed to the bathroom. Annie tried to pull me into the girl's door but I was not having it. I did not want to cause some scene like I was living in North Carolina or something. I walked into the men's room and went into the first open stall. I got some side glances from some guys at the urinals but it wasn't until I came back out of the stall that some of the guys in the bathroom started cat calling me. I don't know if they were fucking with me or if they thought I was some dumb lost bitch but I bolted back towards the bar because I didn't intend on finding out! 

I walked up to the boys who were still at the bar and still waiting for a drink. I came up to the bar and stood beside Chase who was trying to catch one of the multiple bartenders' attentions. I started to ask what the holdup was when a cute black male bartender asked me what he could get me. He was flashing me a toothy grin while my friends started to lay into him. I told them to shut the fuck up and ordered a round of beers and shots for everyone. It's funny how quickly booze can make you forget what you're mad about. The guy returned with our drinks and was only looking at me. 

I couldn't help but blush as Graham patted my ass saying "Thatta girl."

We got drunk! The group started to feel the liquid courage and we made our way to the dance floor. In a lot of ways I really enjoyed being dressed up as a girl. Graham and I could rock it out on the dance floor and no one looked twice. That wasn't the case at most straight dance clubs.

Though, in reality I can't say no one was looking twice. Guys around the dance floor were smiling at me, or winking at me, and I felt more than a few ass grabs throughout the night. Anytime Graham would head to the bar, some guy would try to bust a move in my direction, flirt with me, or pull me in. Chase and even Travis started taking the initiative to cockblock guys as they tried to hit on me. Not that I asked them to do that. I didn't mind though. I danced in between Annie and Chase for a while and would've thought Chase had a hardon for me if I didn't know it was the Batman cup he was wearing. 

I really started to get into the music as people piled onto the dance floor. At one point when Graham and Annie were at the bar, I somehow ended up in between Chase and Travis. I was working some moves I probably never would've felt comfortable doing out of costume and was really feeling the music. 

Suddenly, Chase grabbed me into him and started gyrating into me. I looked around to see who he was cockblocking me from but it appeared he just wanted to dance. I started to laugh but when I looked up into his face; his eyes were so serious that the laugh turned into a lump in my throat. I couldn't break gaze as he got closer to me and his whole body was rubbing against mine and he didn't look away either. 

I wondered if this was his fuckface as it was so dramatic, kind of intense, and pretty hot. I was so lost in the moment, that I almost didn't notice Travis grabbing onto my hips. I could feel him towering over me as he rubbed himself against my butt. He snaked his whole arm around my waist as he leaned his body into mine. It was so hot, figuratively and literally. Between the two of them, I got lost in the feeling and smell, and warmth that the mix of heat, sweat, cologne, alcohol, and testosterone was producing. It was hypnotizing. 

Feeling Travis behind me, his breath on my neck as Chase continued to lock eyes with me. This was so fucking intense. I just let myself get lost in the moment. I arched my back and bent down pushing my ass into Travis as I grabbed onto Chase's body lowering myself. Travis took me in and rubbed himself on me as I was face to face with Batman's crotch. Chase grabbed the back of my neck and kept me in that position as he playfully shoved his groin in my face. Travis started to move me back and forth to the beat. I just stared at my heels as I got manhandled by my friends in front of a crowd of onlookers.

The song was thankfully coming to an end before Annie appeared. We all tore apart to a safe distance as if we had been square dancing the whole time or something. 

"Chase... Graham and I want to go home. We should call an uber and order some pizza or something, Annie suggested.

"What the fuck are you talking about, woman? It's not even midnight yet," Charlie scoffed.

"I can barely keep my eyes open and I think Graham puked or something - he keeps heading to the bathroom! Let's go!" Annie retorted her demeanor becoming agitated.

This back and forth went on for a while, as I talked to Graham on the side. He apologized for being such a sellout and told me that I should stay and have fun. He was exhausted from work and our earlier escapades in the car and just wanted to crash. 

I asked him if he was sure and he said "I couldn't be surer." Which was probably a good reinforcement that he needed to go home. He started to give me a kiss on the lips when I smelt the verification that he had thrown up in the bathroom. I redirected him into a hug and gave him a kiss on the cheek telling him that I'd be home soon. 

"Have fun," Graham said as he embraced me tightly going on to tell me that I should be a good girl.

After all was said and done, Graham and Annie headed off back to the house, leaving Travis, Chase and I to fend for ourselves. Travis ordered the rest of us another round of shots as we gathered around the bar to slam them and decided what to do for the rest of the night. 

"What do you want to do now?" Chase asked. 

"I don't care. What do you want to do?" Travis responded. 

This went on and on and on for a little while. I was eyeing the black bartender when out of nowhere; they looked at each other and unanimously shouted, "STRIP CLUB!"

"Fuck me!" I thought. If I had known that this was where the night was headed I would have gone home with Graham. I told them that I had absolutely no interest in going to a strip club when they started to plead and beg and tell me how much fun it would be. I argued the topic for a bit but could tell that I wasn't holding too firm. 

They could tell too. If it was just Chase I would have kept saying no, but Travis was finally letting loose and actually talking to me after all these years. It was impossible to say no to them but I leveraged a free drink out of the negotiation. LOL.

We started walking the two blocks to the strip club. The streets were packed with drunk witches, and nurses, and sailors and Pokémon characters. I took a big pull from the PBR I had snaked out of the bar when Chase grabbed me by the waist and pulled me tight into him. I rolled my eyes and continued to walk side by side with Chase when he dragged his hand over my skirt to the end of the fabric and went back under it leaving his warm rough hand on my bare ass as we walked down the street with Travis at our side. 

After probably too long, I pushed his hand out and him away from me as I told him to stop playing. He started laughing, accusing me of getting his girl drunk, and citing that he needed me as a prop to keep all the horny bitches on the street away. Travis and I laughed, amused at his creativity. 

Travis randomly came out saying, "Yeah Chase, she needs to be treated like a lady!"

We made it to the strip club and the bouncer opened the door for us without checking IDs. I had never been to a strip club before - or a straight one anyhow but it was exactly what you'd think. Red decor everywhere! It was a darkly lit series of rooms with multi-colored lights coming from the roof. Lounge chairs surrounded the stage that were filled with drunk guys - mostly old or ugly or both. 

We watched a couple girls do their thing as we sat near the stage. I nestled into the arm chair and my Manhattan. I think I started drinking a bit quicker because I was so bored. This place was doing nothing for me. I started to doze off when I felt Chase's hand on my arm pulling me up. Apparently I was out long enough for him to leave somewhere and come back.

"I got a lap dance, come watch!" He pulled me towards this semi private room where Travis was already headed. It was a long room with glass paned walls so that people in the room could still watch the stage if they wanted. There was another group of guys on the other end of the room treating themselves to some lap dances of their own. 

Travis planted himself in a red lounger and Chase did the same beside him. I positioned myself on an oversized padded stool opposite to them. It was red velvet with no back. Kind of like an ottoman but large enough for me to lie back on with my legs hanging off the side. If anything, I could crash on it if the night continued to bore me. 

A blond bimbo started walking our way, half seductively half trashy. Dressed like a slutty kitten, she walked up to Chase, kicked her leg up and took a spot on his lap. She went right into it without skipping a beat. I looked over at Travis but his eyes were on the blond chick. Chase had his arms and hands planted firmly on the hand rests beside him - almost like he was squeezing them as a reminder that he wasn't supposed to touch the merchandise. Chase had taken off his mask and was breathing heavy when I noticed. There it was again. That look. That look he was giving me on the dance floor. I got hot for a second reminded of the look. Jealous for the next. I was so wrapped up in my rollercoaster of emotions that I was startled when I felt a hand on my shoulder. 

I turned around expecting Travis when I met eyes with the red headed girl from the stage we had seen earlier. She, like Travis, was also dressed up as a cop but her costume was all black and a lot more revealing. I immediately knew what she was here for and I started to object to what was obviously the stupid idea of Chase... or Travis. The girl forcefully pushed me down onto my back, kicked her leg over me and straddled my waist. "Have you been a bad girl?" she said.

"What the fuck were they thinking? What did they do this for? This would do nothing for me!?" I thought. 

The girl started to grind herself into me as she moved her body up the length of mine. I turned my head towards Travis. He had put his mirror aviators on so I couldn't see his eyes but he was undoubtedly looking right at us. I started to call him out on stupidly buying me a lap dance when my eyes met his hand moving along the crotch area of his black pants. Was he rubbing himself? He was! He was getting hard at the sight of us and couldn't keep his hands off himself. That's when I realized - Chase and Travis didn't buy a lap dance for my sake. They did this for theirs. Maybe for a laugh at first - but, now Travis wasn't laughing. And somehow... that made the whole thing a lot hotter for me. 

Reinforced by the attention I was getting from Travis, I started moving my hips into the slutty cop above me while still keeping my eyes on Travis and his bulge. I could see myself and the girl in the reflection of his glasses and knew exactly why this was getting him so hot. I really worked it and so did the cop. She twirled me around on to my stomach underneath her. Pinning me down, she grabbed me by the neck with her gloved hands and pushed me up into her as she rid the length of my body. 

In the movement, I had met eyes with Chase and realized he was watching too. He had the blond still working him but his eyes couldn't leave the scene that the ginger and I were creating. Looking over at Travis he was still rubbing himself and was starting to produce a very impressive bulge. The red head, still holding onto my neck, swerved my head to the side and planted a deep kiss onto me - red lips on red lips. Travis' whole body shifted in the chair at the sight of it and Chase started shouting, "Oh Shit!"

The red head continued to dryhump me from behind when I heard hollering from the other side of the room. Except, the guys from earlier were no longer at the other side of the room. They were feet away from me, apparently inspired by the girl-on-"girl" action. 

There were three of them. Frat guys probably. It appeared that they were also sporting some wood through their pants. The Latin guy with the grey sweatpants was most noticeable as he obviously wasn't wearing underwear and obviously had a lot to be proud of. I couldn't take my eyes off his hardening penis outline as the Ginger continued to rub herself into me. 
