 Quick Summary of the Previous Chapters: 

Ryan really gets into the role that his dress is creating and finds that the quickie he had in the car with Graham didn't quite satiate him for the night. Balancing between the roles of eye candy and tease, Ryan has Travis and Chase in the palm of his hands... or maybe it's the other way around. Will the sexual tension turn into something more tangible as they make their way back home? 

*****

Horny on Halloween Part 3

It appeared that I did have a choice to make. 

Travis was looking through the open car door to my left, his hand extended in my direction. He bent over to compensate for his 6'4" stature, his half unbuttoned shirt draping off his manly body affording a peekaboo view of his chest and hairless six-pack. 

Chase stretched his arm out to me from the other side. Without his mask on he looked more like Bruce Wayne than Batman. He flashed me a quick smile and said, "You coming or what?" I grabbed onto his hand and let him escort me out of the car with not much more thought than that. Travis and Chase closed the car doors behind us and the cabbie reversed out of the driveway onto his next adventure.

As I walked towards the front door, Chase hurled into me from behind giving rise to his cape that followed behind him. He grabbed me by the legs with one arm and caught my back with the other as he picked me up in one quick swoop. One of my black pumps fell off in the process as I kicked my legs around as I was lifted into Chase's arms. I started giggling and looked at Chase admiring his strength and his playfulness. I wrapped my arm around his neck as I looked into his eyes. 

He carried me up the stairs towards his apartment and I turned to look for my high heel. Travis had picked it up and was carrying it in his hands. That's when I noticed that the giant of a man behind us had retired back to his quiet, reserved self. Was he mad that I picked Chase? I mean, really what was the big deal. We're all going to the same place. I kept trying to catch eye contact with him but he just walked in behind us staring towards the ground and thus never gave me the opportunity.

Chase brought me into the living room and hurled me onto the couch with a heave and a laugh. 

"Jesus, Chase! I'm not a ragdoll!" I said as he walked down the hallway to his bedroom while Travis took a seat on the neighboring loveseat. 

Chase had gone to check on Annie to see how she was doing. I wouldn't need to check on Graham. He was a heavy sleeper when he was sober, borderline comatose when he went to bed tipsy. I stretched lengthwise on the couch feeling good to be somewhere comfortable. I used my bare foot to kick off the other heel which fell off the side of the couch. My dress slit showed my panties in the tussle. Noticing it made me feel sexy. I turned to Travis to see if he had noticed or cared but his eyes didn't leave the carpet in front of him. 

"Tonight was fun, huh Travis?" I said. 

Travis didn't respond. He didn't make eye contact. He just got up and went to the kitchen. The rattling in the fridge indicated he was helping himself to a beer. Chase came back down the hallway, hearing the noise coming from the kitchen and shouted, "Get me one too big guy!" Looking at me, Chase quickly noticed that I was also empty handed and said, "One for the broad too!" 

Chase had apparently taken the opportunity to change into something more comfortable. He was shirtless now revealing his hairy chest, his carefree attitude, and a compass tattoo on his left bicep. I admired his physique as my eyes soaked him in. He was wearing grey boxers that peeked through his loose fitting cargo shorts. 

Travis came back with 3 coronas and handed two of them to Chase who had planted himself right beside me. Noticing the awkward handoff, Chase gave me a side-look while he handed me a beer as if to say "What's his problem?" Aware of the tension, Chase clinked his beer bottle against mine and said "We need to keep this party going!" 

I took a swig from my beer and when I came up from the bottle I replied, "What do you have in mind?"

"Let's play a game. What about Never Have I Ever?" Chase pondered to the group.

Travis who had not said anything since the cab ride home chose this time to respond with a firm "NO!" 

Although it wasn't the most exciting of conversation starters, it was nice to see that he was letting go of his silent treatment. With the tone and vigor that Travis replied it was obvious that we wouldn't be playing 'Never have I ever' anytime soon so I looked at Chase for other ideas? 

"We could play Power Hour? Or Truth or Dare?" Chase offered.

"Truth or Dare!" Travis responded just as frankly as he had said "no" before. 

Chase shrugged his shoulders, smiled at me, and said, "Well, Truth or Dare it is!" I leaned back into the couch careful not to lose contact with Chase's leg that was side by side with mine. "Who goes first?" Chase asked.

"I'll go." Travis spoke up. 

"Great. Truth or Dare?" asked Chase.

"Dare!" Travis responded unafraid.

Seizing the opportunity to help Travis unwind... or maybe wind him up, Chase pulled out a little baggie of white powder he had in his pocket. Emptying the contents onto the table, Chase started separating the powder on the glass-topped coffee table with his ID. "I dare you, my friend, to snort a line of this coke!" 

Travis looked at the coke and then looked at me. Without much pause, Travis went on a small rant "This bitch works in the same company as us. She's HR for God sake! How do I know she's not a narc? How do I know that she isn't a sellout that will end up getting me fired?"

If I wasn't certain that Travis was upset with me before, I was certain now. I was a little hurt by the comment and I think the blow to my feelings came across in my face. I'm in a fucking dress where I just gave a lap dance to a stranger in front of an audience at a sleazy strip club but he's worried that I may use this against him to get him in trouble at work? 

"He's not a sellout. He's one of my best friends - He wouldn't do that!" Chase retorted.

"Prove it!" Travis said. "If I do one, everyone does one!"

Well, you didn't have to twist Chase's arm. "Deal," he exclaimed as he formed three lines out of the pile. 

I'm not sure how I became part of this dare - didn't quite seem fair that we all had to partake. But I hadn't done coke in years and wasn't trying to kill the vibe or the night for that matter and honestly was just happy Travis was using his words again.  

"Fine," I exclaimed as I took the rolled up dollar bill that Chase offered me. "Bottoms up!" I said as I went down to snort the first line. Chase, two steps ahead, grabbed my hair back as I bent down so that it didn't fall into the powder. I breathed the coke into my nostril as I swung back forcing the substance down as my body fell back into Chase's chest and open arm. The coke was quick; making me sharper and hazier at the same time. I felt my senses sharpen - smelling Chase beside me, feeling the heat from his chest against my back, noticing his hand gently caressing my arm. 

"Your turn," I said as I handed the dollar back to Chase. He took the dollar bill and snorted his line. Travis followed suit. 

As he came back for air, Travis looked at me with an intent stare and asked which option I would be going for - Truth or Dare. I'm a bit of a pussy at these games. Dares scare the shit out of me, especially when I play with Chase. On the other hand, there were a lot of truths that were probably better left unsaid in mixed company.

"Well?" Travis asked sharply pulling me back out of my head.

"Truth," I responded.

Travis eyed Chase and returned his gaze to me. "You ever fantasize about fucking Chase?" 

Chase came to attention, suddenly very interested in the game and more importantly my response. I was mortified. I did not want to reveal anything and possibly change the dynamics of our friendship. Chase was already so full of himself - I would never live this down. I looked at Travis for mercy. He seemed to love the fact that he had made me uncomfortable. What was he hoping to learn from this question? Was this still about which cab door I came out of?

"It's a yes or no question," Travis responded to my silence. 

"Yeah, it's a yes or no question," Chase repeated with a cocky grin as if to say he already knew the answer but just wanted to hear me say it. 

"Fuck... Yes, fine. Yes I've fantasized about Chase!" I blurted out. 

"Oh yeah?" Chase said with a chuckle. He moved towards me his face to the side of mine. I could feel his warm steamy breath against my ear. "What do we do in those little fantasies of yours?" I pushed him back into the couch and he and Travis began to laugh at my admission and embarrassment. 

"Oh get off it," Chase said. "Of course you masturbate to me. Who doesn't? Hell, even I masturbate to me?" I scoffed at his arrogance and quickly changed the subject. 

"Okay, it's your turn! Truth or Dare?" I asked Chase. 

"Truth!" he responded without pause. 

"You ever fantasize about me?" I retorted.

Unfortunately, it didn't take long for Chase to respond with a no. He noticed my retreat that came along with his answer. 

"Hey, that's before I saw you in a dress babe! I have a feeling I'm going to have a lot to jack off to now." He started laughing. 

I don't know if he was bullshitting me or not, but I felt better nonetheless. And I reminded myself that Chase was straight and with someone. Someone who let him have threesomes with other girls. Of course he didn't fantasize about me. Though it wouldn't be super easy to tell he was straight with his arm around me for the last half hour. Not to mention the cab ride. Or the dancefloor. 

"Truth or Dare?" Chase asked Travis.

"Truth" he responded, again without fear.

I blurted out a question before Chase could respond. "How big is your dick?" 

"Oh my God," I thought. I immediately regretted asking the question retracting back into the couch. Travis and I weren't this close and just asking the question revealed more about me than the answer would reveal about him. I would never have asked this question normally. It must be the beer talking or the coke maybe. I blushed embarrassed. 

Chase laughed out loud at the awkwardness. I looked up at Travis who was smiling at me seemingly flattered by the question. Our eyes didn't leave each other. He stood up, grabbed his crotch as if to show it off and looked down into my eyes. 

"9 inches or so!" he stated proudly. "I've never really measured it, but if I had to guess I'd say 9." 

That was a complete lie. Every man on earth has measured his penis. But who cares. 9 inches?! I looked directly at his crotch which was pretty much eye level with me as if I could see the 9 inches through his black cop pants. I looked back up at his eyes which apparently had never left mine, knowing full well what I was trying to do. 

"Damn boy! 9 inches?" Chase said as if he was a proud parent. 

Travis fell back into the loveseat, noticeably more relaxed than he was before the start of the game. His legs far apart from each other as if he was manspreading on the subway, he returned his hand to his crotch. Fuck he was sexy. Chase went to the kitchen and got a bottle of Jager from the freezer. Returning with three shot glasses in hand, he poured us all shots and we slammed them down with ease. 

"Truth or Dare babe," Chase asked me.

Immediately remembering my previous confession, I answered "Dare" without hesitation in an effort to avoid a similar revelation. Chase's face turned into a devilish grin which made me immediately rethink the choice that I had made. Chase stood up and went over to the stereo starting a Lana del Ray track called 'West Coast' which has a sultry soft rock feel. He turned around while the track started and looked down at me. 

"Well, it seems to me that Travis is the only one of us that never got a lap dance and I don't think that's fair. I think he deserves a lap dance and I think you're just the girl to give him one." Chase proclaimed as if it made the most sense in the world. 

My eyes widened with the prospect and I slowly turned my head to Travis. Travis was looking right at me in the position he was in earlier. His legs spread open, back at ease. As we kept eye contact, he moved his hands to the back of his head stretching his elbows out as if to make himself more comfortable for what was about to happen. I looked for a sign of hesitation, or refusal on his face but he just looked at me as if he was waiting for the lap dance he was owed.

I felt my legs bring me up to the floor, making their way slowly towards this stud. I stood in front of him and started to rub my body seductively to the music as I stood in between these two men. Shyly at first, I lowered myself while I twerked my hips in lust driven movements. I was stretching my body in every different position as I was starting to get into the groove and the words of the song. 

I laid my hand on the front of my neck as a starting point. I then used my hand to rub my body tracing the outline of my curves down my fake breasts, down my stomach, through my crotch to my panties. I turned around and lowered my upper half towards the ground so that my ass was pointed in Travis' direction. I bounced it up and down. The position I was in raised my dress revealing the lower half of my plump ass and my pink panties. 

I looked back up and met eyes with Chase. He was turned on by my show. I could see it in that face. That face I had seen multiple times throughout the evening. I licked my lips, stared Chase right in the eye and backed myself onto Travis. My back fell onto his warm chest as the back of my head met the neck of this giant's body. I laid the back of my head over his shoulder as I arched my body into him. I grabbed the side of his legs, using them to wiggle my body on top of him.

Encouraged by the bulge growing against my ass, I twirled myself around on top of him. I straddled his waist as I rolled myself into his crotch like waves. I could feel him getting harder and worked to get him as close to my hole as possible. His eyes met mine and I grabbed onto the back of his neck letting myself fall back into him. I danced on his meat using his neck as a dance pole. I came back up and his hand had met my fake tits. He was rubbing my body up and down as I worked the cock underneath me.

I was still straddling his waist with my legs and holding onto his neck by my hands when Travis grabbed the small of my back with his left hand. He lifted himself up off the couch with me still on him as if I was a feather. He proceeded to grind himself into my pretzel of my body wrapped around him, working his crotch to the music while he stared intently into my eyes. I released my legs from their grip until my feet met the ground. I lowered my hands to his hips, gripped on, and shimmied my way to the ground in front of him. I came back up and he twirled me around to where my back met the front of him and I was again facing Chase. 

Chase was sporting major wood that was even visible behind his boxers and shorts. Travis grabbed me in the same fashion he had on the dancefloor, his hard dick rubbing against my arched ass. His arm wrapped itself around my waist and started traveling up my body while he dryhumped me from behind. With his left hand now playing with my boobs, he used his right to move my hair back. He lowered his lips to meet my neck and used his tongue to taste me as I moaned to the electric feeling it created. My eyes came back from the back of my head and I looked at Chase in front of me. He was rubbing himself through his shorts as he stood watching us uninhibited. 

Travis took his hand to my face and guided me towards his lips. The front of his body still connected to the back of mine; he explored my mouth as I arched my neck to meet his stature. My whole body was stretched to make myself available to kiss him for however long he wanted. He released his mouth's grip on mine and I lowered myself down. 

His hand kept my face pointed towards his while he looked over at Chase. He looked back down at me and whispered "open your mouth." Without hesitation, I did as he said when he spit into my mouth looking into my eyes for a reaction. I was startled. That had never happened to me before. It wasn't gross. I think it was more gross that I found it sexy. He looked back at Chase as if he had done something that Chase should be in awe of. 

Travis pushed me over to Chase who had opened his arms to take me in. He started humping into the front of me, his arm wrapped around my waist pushing me into him. He grabbed my face and started kissing me. The thought that I now had Chase's and Travis' spit in my mouth did not go unnoticed. Chase proceeded to grab my ass lifting the end of my dress slowly revealing my perfect ass and pink lace panties. I stuck my ass out to meet his hand as it slid under my panties to my hole. He teased the opening with his middle finger and I backed up further into his finger for encouragement. 

He pushed on the button and entered me and I moaned uncontrollably. He massaged me and said, "that's a tight pussy, baby!" His words and his fingers made me melt as I fell into his hairy chest. He continued to explore my hole and I continued to moan in pleasure and moan in the release of the sexual tension that was turning out to be the definition of this Halloween. I looked up at his face and I realized he was looking at Travis as if to say that he was one-upping him. 

Using the finger in my ass, he pulled me up towards his face and asked, "Truth or Dare?"

I did not give a fuck that it was not my turn. "Dare" I proclaimed quickly in an effort to keep this momentum going looking at him eagerly for his next idea.

"You gotta snort another line," he said. 

Taken aback by the simplicity of his request, I said, "okay... sure."

"Off of Travis' 9 inch dick!" said Chase revealing the dare in its entirety. "You ready to prove it buddy?" he asked Travis.

"Fuck yeah," Travis responded. 

I looked towards Travis who looked at me with a wide smile as he lowered his black pants down his waist. Travis was going commando and thus his hard dick popped out from its cage, quickly thumping against his abs. I had never seen such a perfect penis. His brown pubes showcased his beautiful thick pink penis as if it was meant to be on display. I couldn't keep my eyes off of it. How the fuck was I in this position? Who cared?! Chase gave me the baggie nonverbally letting me know that he would not be the one to line the cocaine on Travis' dick. 

Travis' was rock hard from what was happening and his dick stuck out from his body at a perfect 90 degree angle. I went to his side and grabbed the bottom of his oversized dick to hold it steady. He was so hard that he probably didn't need me to keep him still as it seemed to lie perfectly in place. I loved being in this position, at this angle - In front of a man, arching my neck up to look into his eyes. His beautiful dick in between my face and his. I could feel the heat emanating from his groin and the smell of manliness and soap was intoxicating. 

"Well?" Chase said letting me know that I was taking too long. Travis laughed enjoying the muscle worship I was nonverbally giving his cock. 

I started to line his dick with the coke and soaked in the sight of this beautiful dick lined with drugs. I took the rolled up dollar bill that Chase offered me and placed it to my nose. I positioned myself and took the line in. I threw my head back to let the coke drain into me while Travis and Chase cheered. 

"That's fucking hot!" Chase said as Travis grabbed me in for a kiss as if to let me know he was proud of me. I came back from that oasis of a kiss to Chase showing me his phone. "Look how hot this is!" he said as he revealed a short video of me taking a line off Travis' giant dick. "That's was a lot of coke!" he said laughing.
