 Transcript of a hot IM chat I had with a top describing to him my first time:

***************************

Dad: tell me about your first time.. with David the doctor

Boi: well this was about what 10 years ago

Boi: I was 22

Boi: and living with my gf at the time

Boi: things were not going well

Dad: okay

Boi: so we were breaking up and needed to sublet the apartment

Boi: so of course we put an ad in craigslist

Dad: kinda typical.. had you had any sex with guys yet at all? sucking? jacking?

Boi: nothing at all

Dad: ok..wow

Dad: nice

Boi: just a lot of fantasizing...phone sex

Boi: chatting

Boi: actually never thought I would do anything

Dad: lots of young guys start that way

Boi: but this guy David and 2 other guys came to see the apartment

Dad: ok

Boi: so anyway

Boi: the first time I saw this guy I have to say I felt really weird

Boi: I had never been attracted to a guy like this before ... never

Boi: and I think he sensed that I liked him

Dad: nice.. and this was just when you met him?

Boi: yes

Dad: like instant attraction.. nice

Boi: anyway after that first visit I made up excuses to call him

Dad: sweet

Boi: he had such a nice masculine, sexy voice

Dad: I assume he was older

Boi: yes

Boi: so they were deciding whether they wanted to take the apartment

Boi: this went on for a couple weeks

Boi: so after a couple weeks when I knew my gf wasn't going to be there I invited him over

Dad: and you weren't advertising for a roommate? you were going to sublet to them or something?

Dad: okay.. so he comes over

Boi: my pretext was that I wanted to show him some things about the apartment that maybe he had not noticed before

Boi: yes, sublet.

Dad: clever

Boi: he came over

Boi: and so I showed him some things that I thought he should take note of about the apt

Dad: k

Boi: of course he had seen them before

Boi: anyway

Boi: we were standing in the kitchen. I had offered him a beer.

Boi: we were chatting

Dad: so he's smart.. figured you out already.. lol

Dad: ok

Boi: and so, I did not really plan on doing this, but I finally said, "David, I want to tell you something"

Boi: this is kind of hard for me

Boi: but I am really really attracted to you

Boi: as you know I have a gf

Dad: wow......... nice

Boi: but since I met you I have not been able to get you out of my mind

Dad: he's smiling big time?

Boi: I have been having sexual fantasies about you

Boi: actually not really

Dad: wow.. you were really out there

Boi: he had a pretty straight face

Dad: ok..continue

Boi: he could tell I was nervous

Dad: duh.. I guess!

Boi: he told me he was flattered

Dad: and......?

Boi: he then asked me what I fantasized about

Boi: I have to say I started blushing

Dad: hot

Boi: I said, well

Dad: this is so sweet.. go on

Boi: to be perfectly honest I have fantasized about going down on you and having you in my mouth and seeing that he was not repulsed or turned off I turned it up a notch figuring what the hell

Dad: hearing that should have made him spring a bone!

Boi: I said I also fantasized about you fucking me

Boi: he smiled

Boi: and said come here

Dad: go on

Boi: so I did and he kissed me

Dad: you melted?

Boi: and grabbed my hand and put it on his dick

Dad: first guy kiss ever?

Boi: yes, first one

Dad: and hand on dick... whoa.. good move

Dad: go on

Boi: so I started rubbing it while we were kissing

Boi: and I could feel it getting hard

Boi: I was getting so excited

Dad: were you hard by now?

Boi: yes

Dad: hot

Boi: so he broke off the kiss and asked "do you want to suck my cock?"

Boi: I said yes. yes, I do.

Boi: so he smiled again and grabbed my hand and took me to the bedroom and told me to sit on the bed and he stood in front of me

Dad: take charge kinda guy.. just your type

Boi: yeah

Boi: so he said kiss it

Boi: which I did

Boi: his pants were still on

Dad: through the fabric?

Boi: yes

Dad: hot

Dad: how old is he again?

Boi: he was breathing hard

Dad: about?

Boi: probably 10 years older than me...maybe more

Dad: okay.. just picturing it

Boi: so after a few minutes of that I started unbuckling his pants and zipped him down and his growing cock was in his underwear right in front of me

Dad: mmm

Boi: there was even a wet spot, which I promptly licked

Dad: geez

Dad: wow.. good boi

Boi: I then pulled the waistband down and freed his cock. it was quite big

Dad: cut? uncut?

Boi: I proceeded to kiss it

Boi: cut

Dad: pretty

Boi: and lick the shaft

Boi: omg

Boi: I was yet again in a daze

Dad: you seem to get this way often, baby.. go on..lol

Boi: he was running his hand through my hair

Dad: what a nice guy

Boi: he said, take it in your mouth baby

Dad: you had told him it was your first time with a guy of course.. in the kitchen, right?

Boi: so I stopped licking and opened my mouth and used my hand to guide it in

Boi: yes, I think he understood that

Dad: I can see it

Dad: go on.. this is hot... let me stroke while you tell daddy about it

Boi: :)

Boi: so anyway

Boi: I finally have his cock in my mouth and I guess instinct just took over because pretty soon I was jacking him and sucking him and feeling him get harder and harder in my mouth. he was moaning by now and telling me how good it felt

Dad: of course

Boi: I enjoyed looking up at his face which was contorted in ecstasy

Boi: he held my head and pulled his cock out of my mouth

Dad: you are such a true bottom.. always want to be sure the top is pleased with you

Boi: and he looked down at me and said you like sucking this cock?

Dad: hot

Boi: I didn't say anything...I just grabbed his cock and pulled it back in my mouth

Dad: tease the young bitch.. make him bet for more.. hehe

Boi: yeah

Boi: I was so fucking horny, I could not stop

Dad: you sure remember your adventures well.. daddy likes hearing about them.. keep going baby

Boi: after I would say about 20 minutes he said that he was getting ready to cum

Dad: wow

Boi: and asked me if I wanted him to pull out before he came

Dad: let me guess...

Boi: with my mouth full of cock I shook my head

Dad: you said.. NOT ON YOUR LIFE!!!!

Boi: and started sucking more

Dad: hahahaha

Boi: and harder

Dad: suck it boi

Boi: and trying to suck him in deeper

Dad: god I love an eager cocksuker

Boi: so he started breathing harder and moaning louder

Dad: mmm

Boi: and he yelled, baby, I'm cumming

Dad: it was hot that he called you baby

Boi: and I felt his cock expand even more and felt his cock spitting its load into my mouth

Boi: that was my first taste of cum

Dad: and you were addicted on one load

Boi: I didn't stop sucking until he completely stopped

Dad: good cocksuker

Dad: drain it

Boi: he said damn that was good

Boi: I smiled at him

Dad: what a great guy

Boi: but he said he wasn't thru yet

Boi: I was like really?

Boi: he said yeah

Dad: did you have any idea what was coming?

Boi: he told me to get up and pull down my pants and underwear and sit down on the bed again

Boi: no. no idea really.

Dad: go on

Dad: love this story

Boi: so I sat down and he pushed me back so I was laying there with my ass on the edge of the bed. he said he wanted to check out my ass

Dad: sweet

Boi: so he told me to pull my knees up to my chest, which I did, and he said nice

Boi: my ass was completely exposed to him

Dad: your pants and underwear are off or around your ankles now?

Boi: he took a finger, put it in my mouth, ordered me to suck it and then started rubbing my asshole with it

Boi: off

Boi: it felt really good

Boi: he then inserted it slowly

Dad: "ordered me"... the words a submissive loves to hear

Boi: yeah

Boi: so he was fingering me

Boi: I have to say it was uncomfortable at first and even hurt a bit, but it was so hot and I was so hot even that pain was pleasurable

Dad: with only a little spit.. of course it would

Boi: yeah

Boi: so he withdrew his finger and I thought to myself OMG he's going to fuck me with just a little bit of spit

Dad: you just put pain and pleasure in the same phrase... you really ARE just what I like in a boi

Boi: instead he got down on his knees

Boi: and started rimming me

Boi: OMG, IT FELT SOOOOO GOOOOOOOD

Dad: yea.. right??? :D

Boi: I could not believe this hot guy was using his tongue on my asshole

Boi: he tongued me for a long time and I was in heaven

Boi: I lost track of time

Boi: by this time I was totally his. I would have done whatever he wanted

Dad: heheh.... and you DID

Boi: so he got up and put my ankles on his shoulders

Dad: (makes note to self... get boi in his sex daze and he will do ANYTHING)

Boi: and started to rub his cockhead against my ass

Boi: up and down my crack

Boi: against and around my hole

Dad: already tender from that great tonguing

Boi: I was hot and scared at the same time

Boi: he asked me if I had any lube

Dad: yup... once you've been fucked it... bye bye straight boy and hello gay slut

Boi: I told him my gf has vaseline

Boi: so he said perfect

Boi: it happened to be in the night stand right next to us

Boi: he quickly got it

Dad: wooof.. a vaseline fuck! who does that anymore? NICE

Boi: and opened it and put some on his cock

Boi: actually a lot

Boi: and then stuck 2 fingers in the jar and smeared it on my hole and pushed his fingers in

Dad: what a great guy

Boi: I was moaning of course

Dad: no? really?

Boi: he then asked "what do you want"?

Dad: like a bitch in heat, no doubt

Boi: I said I want you

Boi: he said no. what do you want

Dad: oh yea.. I LOVE this guy! make you tell him

Boi: I said I want you to fuck me

Boi: he smiled

Boi: and said say it again

Dad: lol

Boi: fuck me

Boi: fuck me

Boi: please

Boi: he said yeah?

Dad: you are such a perfect subboi

Boi: I said omg I need you to fuck me right now

Boi: he smiled

Dad: music to a dom/top's ears hehehe

Boi: and guided his cock to my asshole

Boi: he was looking at me in the eyes as he started pushing it in

Dad: sweet

Boi: even with all the lube there was some resistance

Dad: expected

Boi: yeah

Boi: so he pushed harder

Boi: and it finally went in. I yelled a bit.

Boi: ahhhhhhh

Boi: just the head was in

Boi: but it was burning

Boi: and hurt like hell

Dad: you DO remember every detail...lol

Boi: yeah, you don't' forget this

Dad: so true :)

Boi: anyway I was grimacing

Boi: and he just held his cock where it was

Dad: nice

Boi: in my haze of pain and pleasure I managed to say David please fuck me

Boi: he smiled and started pushing it in further

Boi: OMG I thought I was being split in two

Dad: thatta boi

Boi: it was painful but it was so hot watching him sweating, muscles bulging

Boi: that I was able to take it

Boi: it took a while but he eventually got the entire shaft in

Dad: worth every inch

Boi: yeah

Boi: he asked me if I liked his cock in my ass

Boi: I said omg David your cock is so hard and big and it hurts but I still want it inside me. I want to feel you slide it in and out

Dad: mmmmm

Dad: so fukin hot

Boi: so that's what he id

Boi: he slid it out almost the entire way

Boi: and slid it back in

Boi: back and forth

Boi: in and out

Dad: the best

Dad: for both of you

Boi: he said your ass is so fucking tight and hot

Boi: through tears, I smiled up at him

Boi: he was going, slow and then started picking up the pace

Dad: I love it slow when I start out

Dad: I really like to tease a boi's ass and get him totally worked up

Boi: ;)

Boi: yeah he really picked up the pace

Dad: your ass was making him crazy by now

Boi: yeah

Boi: it was hot to see the look of pleasure on his face

Boi: he stopped and pulled his dick completely out

Dad: who gets virgin ass every day? lol

Boi: I thought he was finished

Dad: hhahahaha

Dad: I know what's coming

Boi: but instead he got more lube and spread it on his dick

Boi: and this time wasted no time in ramming it back in

Dad: didn't make you beg for it again?

Boi: nope

Dad: hot

Boi: I was so horny

Dad: bet that lube made all the difference now

Boi: he was hitting my gspot and it felt so good

Boi: I was getting closer

Boi: so I actually started yelling at him

Boi: FUCK ME DAVID

Boi: FUCK ME

Boi: CUM ON FUCK ME HARD

Boi: DEEPER

Boi: HARDER

Boi: FUCK ME

Boi: FUCK ME

Dad: hot hot hot

Boi: and he did

Boi: his dick was pistoning in and out of me

Boi: sweat was poring off of him onto me

Dad: love it

Boi: his breathing became more labored

Boi: and he said OMG I 'm gonna cum baby

Dad: mmm

Boi: I said YES YES YES ME TOO

Boi: I said CUM INSIDE ME

Boi: PLZ

Boi: PLZ

Boi: FUCK ME HARD UNTIL U CUM INSIDE ME

Boi: which he certainly did

Dad: hahaha

Dad: tell me

Boi: he fucked me hard

Boi: even harder then before and deeper

Boi: I was yelling OMG

Boi: OMG

Boi: OMG

Boi: and I started cumming

Boi: and I guess my ass squeezing his dick set him off too

Dad: mmmmm.. love it

Boi: he started grunting and yelling I'M CUMMING

Boi: and I felt his load pumping into me

Boi: mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm

Dad: hot!

Dad: this is fukin hot

Boi: he collapsed on me

Dad: awww

Dad: sweet guy

Boi: yeah and he kissed me

Dad: you loved that weight on top of you

Boi: yes

Boi: that was the first time I had ever cum without touching my own dick

Boi: it was sublime

Dad: I love it when I can make a bottom do that

Boi: I bet you could make me do that daddy

Boi: with your dick inside me I bet I would cum without even touching myself

Dad: sounds like I could.. lol

Boi: mmmmmmmmmmm

Boi: yes

Boi: oh daddy I wish you were here right now fucking me

Boi: fucking your boy