 FOREWORD 

During 2002, Literotica.com challenged volunteer writer's to create stories for as many story categories as possible. This chapter is part of a novel length story relating a journey of awakenings, discovery and growth involving a number of people. For your entertainment, and mine, I'll be submitting chapters into at least 17 different story categories. I don't believe anything like this has been tried here before.

I can promise those readers who are familiar with my work that you'll find a ton of very erotic reading that will appeal a wide variety of tastes, even though I intentionally attempted to have at least one turn on for anyone visiting Literotica. This saga features mostly caring, even romantic sex, but it'll occasionally flirt mildly with a "fetish" so a given chapter will genuinely qualify for that category.

Many of these chapters could go into many different Literotica story categories. Many of these chapters could be submitted as First Time, Erotic Couplings, Lesbian, OR Incest.

For example, in Chapter 1 there's a small amount of male-male sex. Yet the sex comes about in reaction to female induced arousal. A number of ladies have said it turns them on to picture two guys, just like the idea of girl-girl sex is arousing to many males. Yet Chapter 1's purpose is to supply important background regarding the heterosexual development of 2 young men, so I'd hope a straight, bi, or gay reader could relate to and enjoy this chapter.

Chapters 2~4 features voyeurism by 2 inexperienced young males and exhibitionism by a female, but also includes experimental lesbianism between sister's. So, don't judge my book by its multitude of covers. If you enjoy sex, there should be something [actually a lot of somethings] in it for everyone. LOL

Final example, Chapter 50 will be under Mind Control. Unlike many entries in this category, it fits in there because circumstances allow a female to have her every sexual whim acted out by 4 other people. 

By clicking on a blue Wm_Sexspear, you'll be taken to my Profile; at the bottom of the page you'll find a list of all the currently available chapters. THIS SHOULD MAKE IT EASY TO READ THEM ALL, IN SEQUENCE, WHICH IS HEARTILY SUGGESTED so the reader can follow the story line, character development, and catch the inside jokes.

Thank you. W_S

This story is protected by (c) copyright and may not be duplicated, reprinted, copied or placed on any Internet Website without permission of the author. All rights reserved.

* * * * *

Chapter 1 - Two Young Friends Grow Up Together 

Both young adults now, Jim and I have been best friends since we were 7-years old. Most of our hanging out has always with each other, though we both had and have a couple other friends. Our being friends is not surprising when you learn our family farms were the only families with kids close enough to each other to walk or bike to for a visit.

We lived in a very large Midwest county, filled with very large farms, but very small communities. Our farm was over 500 acres, Jim's family had more than 800. His Dad had added a brother's land when he gave up farming for a factory job near Chicago, and a regular paycheck.

Ours was a poor county, but it had little poverty. The rich people were in Battle Creek, Michigan. You know them, the suits who charge you $4 for a box of cereal that's half air. The ones who think the farmer should get pennies per bushel [That's a lot of boxes of cereal by the way!] after the farmer took all the risks and did 95% of the work by buying seed, planting it, fighting bugs and weeds, harvesting it, storing it, then hauling it to the rail head, plus a lot more.

What all that means to you, reading this story, is simply this. We always had good food to eat, a nice life, clean air, and pleasant surroundings. Our cars were always older, so our tractor could be newer. We had what we needed, but luxuries were far apart and few in between.

How poor was our county? If you turn on Route 6 at the Junction with Route 7, just past the 6 & 7 Diner was a 'Welcome to ****** County' sign. Under that banner, before I was born, it used to read AN ALMOST PERFECT PLACE. Guess someone with a shotgun got a bit drunk one night, and blew a big hole in it.

The county government made sure our couple school buildings were always painted and repaired, but they never found the money to fix that sign. So, as far back as I can recall, that sign read A{ }ALMOST PERFECT PLACE.

* * * * *

I was lucky, I had a friend who lived 'next door', next door being over a half-mile down my road. Still I better off than others, some kids had no one their age for miles around.

Today I understand how fortunate I was; Jim and I seemed able to talk about anything and everything with each other. We became confidants early on. We were able to trust each other with secrets, doubts and fears. Around age 8 or 9 we began to wonder about girls together. We'd share stories about seeing up Margie's skirt at school, or rubbing against Suzie during a game of "Pile On".

Neither of us was in anyway gay, but we did experience early sexual awaking stuff together. We'd undress before bedtime, or skinny dip at Bennett's pond. Naturally we noticed the changes in each other when puberty arrived for us. For example, mornings after a sleepover, we'd catch each other having 'morning erections'.

We discovered masturbation separately. I don't know which of us was able to come first, nor do I recall at what point we understood that we were both able to ejaculate. Still, at some point growing up, we both knew that coming was "IT"!

By the time we were 18, we still slept over at each other's house regularly. Being horny-as-hell boys without girlfriends, it wasn't unusual after our conversations that late evening would find us both with raging erections and our stash of hidden Playboy's strewn about. Eventually it got to where we'd masturbate into our underwear, under the covers in each other's presence.

Soon our shyness waned. Now and then we'd just drop our drawers, then jack off in plain sight of each other. We were mostly interesting in the dirty pictures, but it was natural to peek at each other. Seeing another dick in action added to the excitement sometimes. Like real boys, we'd even bet who could "shoot his stuff" the farthest occasionally.

Jimmy had two older sisters, both were serious foxes. Beth was barely a year older than Jim while Lynn was just a shade over two years his senior. They looked so much alike that many people thought they were twins when they'd wear matching outfits. To this day they remain two of the most beautiful girls I've ever known; both looked soft and adorable in anything they wore, makeup or not, morning or night. Beth and Lynn were like poster girls for country living.

One night I recall Jimmy came flying back into his room grinning ear-to-ear, muttering "Holy Shit, Holy Shit!!". He'd left a few minutes earlier to go to the bathroom next to his bedroom. Flopping onto the bed, Jimmy slid his hand into his pants as he started wriggling like a worm on a hook.

"What is it? What's going on?" I hissed. "Come on, what's up?"

Jimmy slid his pants down. His dick was hard as a fence post; he began pumping himself with his eyes closed while still saying "Holy Shit!" Again I begged to know what the hell was going on.

Finally Jimmy opened his eyes, man they were practically glazed. Acting like he was on drugs Jimmy said, "I just spent the last couple minutes looking at Beth naked. Now leave me alone, I just gotta come right now while I can still see her in my head!"

But I wanted to hear everything immediately. Thinking more with my dick than my head I made a quick deal. I promised to give him his first hand job, the best he'd ever hoped for, if he would just lay there with his eyes closed and "think out loud."

Jim covered his eyes with his hands, then started talking quietly. I grabbed his penis and began to pump him slowly.

When he'd left the room, just before going into the bathroom, he noticed Beth's door was open a crack. Jimmy liked to snoop on his sisters. From force of habit, he'd walked a couple extra steps to peek into her room. BETH WAS UNDRESSING. She was changing out of a sweat suit. Just as he first peered into her room, she was taking her top off. His sisters were normally super careful about keeping their doors shut tight, but she'd goofed, so Jimmy had gotten his first good look at a naked girl.

He could only see her left breast; it was the size of a juicy, jumbo orange, looking a bit heavy. Jimmy described seeing a long thick nipple that stuck way out. Next she bent at the waist to pull off her bottoms. As she leaned forward, Jimmy described how her teat swung down, how it swayed heavily.

Before he had time to fully absorb that sight, her pants were being lowered. Her ass was suddenly before his eyes. Beth is very athletic, apparently her butt was as firm and tight as anything we'd ever seen in Playboy. Beth had stepped out of her pants and stood up. There she was, long legs, firm buns, nice teat, long, light-brown hair; in other words a teen goddess.

Beth walked to her table, put down her jewelry, then took a couple more steps to her dresser. The process was reversed as she put on a silky bra, then stepped into her panties. As Jim reached the part about Beth bending over again to step into her panties, his breathing became so ragged that I knew he was ready to shoot.

Grabbing a bottle of hand lotion, I squirted some onto the head of his dick. Dropping the bottle, I quickly wrapped my free hand around the top of his shaft like a baseball bat. That did it! Jim started humping into my hands, within seconds he was coming like crazy. His hips went out of control, I could barely hold onto his penis. His warm sperm coated my fingers, it actually felt kinda sexy, like nothing I'd every experienced before.

Still panting, Jim kept saying that he'd never come like that, ever; he kept thanking me. While I was sort of in shock, I was also still horny as hell; I hadn't come, but I sure wanted to. Finally, I couldn't stand it any more. I said "If you're really that grateful then start at the beginning where Beth is undressing, and do for me what I did for you!"

Guess Jim's hormones were still raging so strongly that he readily agreed. After I took off my pants, we switched places. Laying back, I closed my eyes.

Hesitating for a few seconds, Jim at last grabbed my penis to jerk me off as he again relived watching Beth strip. Taking longer this time, Jim described Beth's left breast as he saw it from the three-quarter view he'd had as she raised, then lowered her arms over her head. Sounding awestruck, he repeated the part about Beth bending over, then pulling down her pants. 

Again he described, in detail, seeing her butt sticking up into the air, then clearly spotting her slit through her light brown pubic hair. Jim's graphic narrative, combined with someone else's hand being on my dick, pushed me over the edge; I lost it. Groaning, I strained my hips upward. Realizing what was about to happen, Jim clamped his hand over my helmet just as I launched my first spurt. The effect was to bathe my tip in a warm sperm bath. Jim ground his palm around my glans, enabling me to hump my penis into his palm. It was the most amazing, powerful orgasm I'd ever known.

* * * * *

Back then we lived in a rural area and went to a very small district school. It's hard to get a girlfriend when you only see a very few girls at school, Sunday school, or church social events where adults are always hovering around. Plus, the few females in our county all lived at least several miles away, most much farther.

Growing up, there were a few places at our two-room school where you might be able to talk a girl into ducking out of sight with you for a few minutes, but no real privacy. A few times over the years I'd gotten a girl be alone with me, but not very much to further my education.

Late one night we were both super-horny. I'd just shared all the glorious details about feeling up Charlene at our school that afternoon.

It was a cool day; a bunch of kids had huddled together in an outdoor alcove during recess to get out of the wind. Somehow it turned into a "pack everyone into the corner" game. Happily I was squished up against Charlene. Her perfume was delightful as always. So soft, so cute; I really liked her; she was maybe the cutest girl at school near my age.

All of a sudden my hand was right there, right by her pussy! I turned my palm so I was covering up her pussy through her pants. I began rubbing her, clearly feeling her up big time. When she didn't scream or protest I really went for it. I didn't know what I was doing, but I liked it sooooo much that I got an instant boner. Steadily I worked my way closer to her, somewhat in front of her. As I stared into Charlene's eyes; she stared back as she realized it was my hand between her legs. Carefully I placed her hand on my penis.

We never spoke, or smiled, or showed any particular reaction, but she began to rub up and down my penis as we simply stared deeply into each other's eyes. We stood there for a couple minutes feeling each other. God, if only we'd been alone somewhere. My heart sank when the bell sounded. The group huddle broke up, so we had to stop.

As I described aloud to Jim how soft and warm it was between her legs, our hands slid into our pockets to quietly massage our boners.Like typical boys, we started talking trash about what we'd like to do this girl or that one. Joking around Jim said "Are you sure you can't get your cousin to come for a visit?" My cousin Cheryl used to be the local 'easy' girl.

Somehow that joke worked around to wishing we could suck our own cocks since there weren't any girls nearby to do it for us. Pants came down; we had a contest to see who could get the closest to reaching his own dick. Neither of us was particularly close, but we still had boners that wouldn't quit, so out came my porn collection.

Somehow just jerking off wasn't quite enough after my day with Charlene. Jim reminding me of my cousin only made it worse! Finally I got brave, and curious too. I wasn't feeling gay; I just wanted to feel my erect penis in a warm, wet place.

That night, I was desperate enough to return the favor to get it. Jim was as hormone high as I was, so he agreed. We made a blood oath not to come in each other's mouth, we had to warn the other guy or die. That night I learned for sure that jerking off is good, but there were definitely things that felt better.

Since it was my idea, I got Jim to do me first. Sitting on the edge of the bed, I kicked my pants off as I opened a Playboy to a Barbi Benton layout. She was so damned hot, plus she resembled my cute sister, which was a further major turn on for me. 

Without warning, Jim slid my penis into his mouth, he did me better than I could have ever dreamed. Guess it was a case of "do unto others". We'd broken down a lot barriers over the years, so instead of being awkward, he just non-verbally said "I am so damned horny and here's what I want when it's my turn!" Dear Lord it felt incredible.

His hand started pumping my lower shaft as his mouth and tongue worked the upper half of me. It couldn't have been two minutes before I warned him I was about to come. I stared at Barbi's bush, thinking "God, it must feel something like this to put my dick inside her pussy. Geeeez I'm screwing you Barbi... " Jim switched to a two-handed baseball bat grip on my so very slippery dick.

Humping his hands like mad, soon gob after gob of sperm spurted from me. My orgasm lasted minutes. After maybe a dozen major spurts, I'd just lay there, though my hips would jump from time to time as another ejaculatory spasm would rack my body. Eventually I collapsed, telling Jim he could let go of my tingling dick.

When I was able to move again, Jim had returned from washing his hands. So Jim could sit in my place, I oozed off the bed. He opened some tattered issue to one of his favorite foxes as I moved into position. Grabbing his penis, I slowly stroked him a few times. A few seconds passed as I studied his penis a bit. I hadn't seen him this close before. Both of us had finally grown good-sized cocks. While I had to admit his penis was very soft and warm, now that I'd gotten off, I was having plenty of second thoughts. What was this going to be like?

More afraid of seeming chicken, I plunged my mouth down, engulfing his erection. Jim made a sound as if he'd been punched in the gut. For me it was a reasonably pleasant sensation; his cock was rock hard, but the skin was as soft it looked. Being engorged with blood, he was amazingly warm, so his cock felt good against my tongue. Jimmy was producing seminal fluid almost immediately. Maybe because of the mental link to sex in general, he even tasted OK to me. Upon reflection, I wasn't sexually excited, but like giving at Christmas, knowing I was making him feel the mind-blowing sensations I'd just experienced minutes earlier pleased me.

Don't know for sure, but I don't think Jim even lasted as long as I did. Before Jim could even warn me, I felt him swell and tense. I double fisted Jim to finish him off the same way he'd serviced me.

Mostly our "sex" together was jerking ourselves off to dirty pictures. But thank God we gotten somewhat accepting of occasional boy-boy contact. It turned out to be a doorway leading to my wildest sexual fantasies.

* * * *

This saga continues with Chapter 2 - Two Boys See A Lot Of Two Sisters