 Two weeks later coach announced that Brad and I would be co-captains. I was surprised, but relieved. It was the only fair thing to do though. Brad and I were showered with congrats by the rest of the team. We were only wearing Speedos (this was at the beginning of practice) and my cock twitched, as it always did when I saw Brad naked since that night.

Nothing much had happened since; we had traded a few kinky smiles in the showers, but otherwise we hadn't repeated anything, or even talked about it. My fuck sessions with Michelle had gotten a lot hotter though, if that is possible. Sometimes in the middle of my pounding into her she goaded me on, calling me a pussy, telling me to fuck her harder, bringing up that Brad could do it so much better, and so on...I found this way hot, and it sent me over the edge every time...both of us, actually. But we hadn't done anything with Brad.

Sometimes, like I said, when I saw his smooth, tan chiseled chest, or the muscles in his back or torso, I was sort of mesmerized and it turned me on; also, I jacked off several times thinking about what he had done that night, and fantasizing about sucking him off in the showers after practice. But I didn't really think we would be doing anything much again like that.

After the rest of the team congratulated us, Brad threw his arm around me.

"Guess we both made it, huh?" he smiled and gave me a nudge. "Meet me in the showers after practice, Dave, I gotta talk to you about something."

I didn't have a chance to respond, because we immediately were asked to lead our first practice. But I had a feeling about this, and it didn't entirely make me comfortable. I mean, that was just a one-time experiment, right?

I guess as a result I was not really cooperative during practice. A few times I gave directions different from Brad's and I challenged his ideas for future practice schedules on a few different things. He shot me some nasty looks, but there wasn't a very big scene or anything. I decided to stay and see what he wanted to talk about after practice though. I was feeling good, and the rest of the team gave us another round of high-fives and congrats as they were leaving the lockers.

As soon as they left Brad just told me to come with him and walked to the showers. I felt a bit offended...I mean, I enjoyed his cocky attitude in the bedroom, but that was for 'chelle's birthday, and it was like a game...I also found it hot, though, and in fact impossible to resist following him in the showers.

He turned on his shower and got under the hot water. Not knowing what to do, I did the same. I watched the water flow down his tan, glistening biceps and chest, and the perfect ridges of his abs. His blond hair had turned slightly darker under the water. Suddenly he dropped his red Speedos to his ankles. I think I gasped when I got my first look at the cock that had fucked Michelle and me silly two weeks ago; I mean, I guess we got more than we bargained for. I could hardly walk the next day, and didn't go into practice that Monday. Brad must have seen I was staring at his cock.

"What's up, dude? Miss my cock, dicklicker?" he asked in his usual cocky surfer voice.

I looked right up at him.

"Umm...no, Brad...listen, I liked experimenting that one time, but..."

"Cut it out, dickwad!" Brad said sternly and took a step towards me. "You weren't fuckin' experimenting, dude, you called me over for a threesome, and I ended up fucking you and your girl 'till you fuckin' passed out...hell, she even got to see it when I officially made you my bitch, so don't go off talking back to me, pussy!"

I guess I sort of just froze at this point. I hadn't expected him to be so forward. I felt my dick grow, though. I was actually getting turned on by this. Brad continued,

"Anyway, I know you're fucking starving for my dick man, so listen: we may be co-captains, but _I_ say what goes, K? You don't fuckin' argue with me in public, got that, pussy?"

I just looked in his eyes and handsome face; his gaze seemed to penetrate me...then he said,

"Now get on your knees and suck my dick, bitch!"

I was already turned on. The commanding tone of his order made something snap in me and I didn't even hesitate. I got to my knees in front of Brad's magnificent muscled body. Brad's cock was already half-hard. I opened my mouth. Brad wasn't fucking around. He just dropped the head of his thick cock in my mouth and told me to start sucking. I did.

"That's it cocksucker," he said. "Show me how much you love having my dick in your mouth. Swirl that tongue; do it, dickwad."

I did, as his cock started growing. Pretty soon his cock expanded to full size, and Brad forced it down my throat. I was choking at first, but Brad didn't rest until I had him totally deep-throated.

"Eat my dick, pussyboy. Fuck! What do you think the team would say if they saw you now, Dave? Down on your knees sucking on my dick? Huh?"

Brad said this as he was firmly fucking my face now, grabbing the back of my head and pulling me by the hair on top of my head. I felt the girth of his cock spreading out my jaws impossibly. I rested my hands on his muscular thighs and hips for balance, but pretty soon I started feeling out the power of his muscles there. He was so strong...I mean, it felt like steel, like it wouldn't budge no matter what.

"Yeah, sissy, what would coach and all the other say if they saw you were my cocksucker, huh? Fuuuck, yeah, swirl that tongue bitch!" Brad said.

Then he swung back all the way to the back of my throat again, making me gag.

"Shit, boy, I already know what your girl'd say...fuck, that bitch would cream herself..."

I looked up at Brad, past the amazing defined ridges of his abs and his massive swimmer's chest. Our eyes locked as my lips spread tight around his shaft. He had a bad-boy look in his eye, a mean smirk that made me almost come in my Speedos. I was moaning like a whore around his cock. That's when Brad pulled out. He smacked me on the cheeks a couple of times with his hard cock and told me to stand up. I did. I was breathing heavily.

Then Brad did something that shocked me. He grabbed both my wrists, and twisted my arms around. He manhandled me, turning me with his back to him, while at the same time he made me bend over with a knee to the stomach. Soon Brad had me pushed up with my face against the tiles, and my arms locked on my back, close to my shoulder blades, as he had them by the wrists. I felt the head of his thick cock on my lower back. But with a smooth motion he soon jammed the head up my ass, and I let out a shriek.

"Feels good cunt?" asked Brad.

But I couldn't answer. He wasted no time, and with a rough motion he fucked the rest of his cock in, until his hips slapped my ass. Then Brad gave me the roughest fuck yet. He didn't talk at first, like he usually did...he didn't need to...he had me locked by my wrists, my hands turned around on my back. His thick cock was roughly fucking into me, forcing out a squeal or shriek of pain and some pleasure each time he thrust in. His thrusts were so hard, I had to back up against him, because he slammed my head up against the tiles each time he fucked in.

Finally he took a breath and just had his dick fixed all the way up my ass, while he made slow circular motions. He spoke in my ear,

"Your ass is mine, Dave. I fuckin' own you, dude...my cock is fucking the shit out of you, pussy; fuck yeah, take my cock faggot, gonna cum up your cunt real soon," Brad said and resumed his fucking.

I felt totally dominated by this young muscular blond stud, and it was turning me on like hell. He had taken me to the showers to fuck me into submission and show his power over me, and I gave in without a fight; now he was going to cum up my ass as he screwed me so hard my head hit the wall in front...and pretty hard too! Finally, I couldn't stand it any longer. Without touching myself (he was still holding me by the wrists, but to my sides now) I came so fucking hard...I sprayed the whole wall and floor in front of me.

With a roar of sexy power, Brad released himself, and I felt the unbelievable thickness of his cock surge as he loaded up my ass-pussy with his hot cum. Brad let go of my wrists and I collapsed in a pile at his feet in my own cum as his monster cock slid out of me. Brad placed a foot on me as he relaxed from his athletic fucking session.

I looked up at his amazing body, seeing how every sweaty wet muscle expanded and contracted with his heavy breaths. I felt this dominant stud's cum stream out of my ass, and realized that I was his total bitch.

"See you later, pussy," said Brad.

He turned and went to the shower to clean himself. As he was walking he casually added,

"Be at my place tomorrow, 8 sharp; bring your girlfriend, I'm gonna get some of her pussy again."

My cock twitched at the idea; I knew I would do what he said.