 I know it's wrong to wish your house would catch fire, but when you lived next door to a hunky fireman like I did sometimes I just couldn't help it. As I watched him mow his lawn from my bedroom window it was all I could do not to light up a match and force him to come up and rescue me. I could see sweat covering his smooth pecs. The muscles in his back flexed as he pushed the mower across his lawn. I laid back and undid my pants, pulled them down to my waist, thankful that there was no one home to interrupt me. 

I lay back on my bed and began to stroke my eight-inch cock. The thought of him shirtless, pushing his mower had me so excited, pre cum was flowing freely from the slit of my cock. I laid my head back and gave in to my urges; completely unaware of the show I was putting on for the neighborhood. The sound of the doorbell brought me back to reality and quickly I zipped up and made my way downstairs to answer the door. 

I opened the door to find Robert, my neighbor, standing there in all his sweaty glory. I had never been so close to him. Even though my family moved in three years ago, we'd never really spoken. My eyes traveled all over his body, from his dazzling green eyes down to the treasure trails that took me down to his bulge. 

"Hi there I'm Robert," he said. The sound of his voice stirred something deep inside me and I found myself leaning closer to him. "Listen, I seem to have locked myself out and my girlfriend is at work." My heart dropped at the sound of the word girlfriend. I had seen her walking around like she owned the place, although to be honest, she wasn't all that pretty. "I was wondering if I could use your phone?" he asked. 

"Of course please come in," I said stepping to the side. I handed him the phone and headed to the kitchen in order to give him some privacy. I couldn't help but overhear him talking to his girlfriend, whom apparently wouldn't be able to get off work to help him out. I heard him hang the phone and then I walked back to the living room. He looked at me with an odd expression on his face. 

"She can't get off work just yet. She won't be back for another hour or so," he informed me. 

I didn't understand his expression but seeing him dripping with sweat was really turning me on. I wanted him to stay with me as long as possible. I couldn't help asking him if he would like to use my bathroom to take a shower and freshen up a little. He walked towards me until he was standing so close to me our chests almost touched. He looked down and I followed his eyes to the bulge in my jeans. It was more than obvious that I was aroused and I hadn't even been aware of it. 

"I'll take a shower with one condition," I closed my eyes and waited for the condition. It couldn't be good, after all he had a girlfriend it's not like he was gay. "I'll shower but only if you join me," he said with a naughty smile. His hand pressed down on my cock. 

I couldn't believe what I was feeling; he was massaging my cock through my jeans. His head leaned close to mine. I was too startled to make a move I just closed my eyes and waited for his lips to land on mine. His mouth was salty from sweat but his kiss was so soft, it literally took my breath away. I kissed him back and then pulled away. I took him by the hand and led him to the bathroom. 

Inside, we wasted no time tearing our clothes off. Under the shower he pressed his body into mine; his cock was rock hard, it was a nice uncut seven inch thick piece. I pressed up against, him our cocks rubbed together, our pre cum mixed into one. Together we rubbed our hips into each other's, our cocks in a frenzy. Our mouths found each other's and we kissed with a burning passion. The cool water covered our bodies; his hands explored every inch of me. They made their way down to the crack of my ass. He slid his fingers inside until he found the tight ring around my hole. 

I tensed up as his finger made its way deeper inside me. He pulled his mouth away from mine looked straight into my eyes and said, "Turn around." 

I was taken aback by the commanding sound of his voice and did as he said. His hands around my waist, he pushed himself inside me. The head of his cock did not stop pushing until it went past my tight ring. I looked for something to grab on to but there was nothing. Even though his cock wasn't incredibly big or thick it still hurt like crazy. I was not used to being a bottom much less with only cold water as lube. 

He kept pressing until his pubes were pressed against my ass. Riding me slow at first, then faster and faster until he was pounding my ass. "Fuck yeah," he screamed out, and then slapped my ass hard. "Oh fuck!" He kept saying that over and over, each time he would thrust harder and harder into me. I took his thrusts and pushed back against him fucking him with everything I had. His hand reached around me and started to jack me off. Soon we were thrusting in unison, together grinding back and forth until we both reached climax at the same time. His load covered my insides as he dumped load after load. Robert didn't stop pounding me until his cock went totally limp and slid out of me. 

After we were both completely spent we just stood there, arms around each other, the cold water washed away all the sweat and cum from our bodies. I grabbed the bar of soap and began to lather him up. My hands explored his broad hairless chest. I washed over his brown nipples and worked my way down his stomach. He turned around and I lathered up his shoulders and down to his hairy pits. I got on my knees and lathered up his perfectly round ass cheeks, spreading them apart to reach his tight circle. 

I let the water wash over it, fingering him a little, enjoying how his body jerked at my touch. I buried my face in his ass, my tongue pressed against his pink pucker. I felt his body tense with pleasure and slowly I slipped my tongue inside of him, tasting his insides. I flicked my tongue inside him, eating him out as he stroked his once again hard cock. "Oh fuck yeah," he moaned, "I could never get my girlfriend to eat me out." That's the thing about straight guys, they all love to have their ass eaten but are too scared to do it or have girlfriends or wives who just won't, I thought. I pushed his cheeks as far as I could to get deeper inside him. I fucked him hard with my tongue, pushing it in and out. There was nothing like the taste of a straight mans juicy hole, it made me drive my tongue as far up his ass as I could. I felt his low hanging sac draw in and I grabbed on to him tight as he shot his second load all over the shower tiles. He didn't cum as strong as he did the first time but it was still a good amount of cream. 

Once he was spent and I'd had enough of his ass, I got up and we both got out of the shower. We took our time toweling each other dry then dressed and headed back downstairs. On the couch we continued making out like teenagers. I couldn't get enough of him, or he of me. 

"I have a confession to make," his voice was low almost a whisper. "I saw you from your window. I knew you were watching me and then to see you stroking it, I just had to do something. I've always wondered what it would be like to be with another man." His look was apologetic, like a little boy who had just gotten in trouble. It was too cute and all I could do was laugh in response. 

"I don't care about that," I reassured him "what matters is that you came over," I said kissing his neck. "Now you're here," I kissed lower "and now we know what a good time we can have." I kissed his stomach, my hand traveled down his thigh until it found his semi hard cock. I slid one hand inside his shorts and took him in my palm. I wrapped my fingers around his growing erection. My finger traveled up his shaft until it found the slit of his cock. A drop of pre cum had already formed at the tip. I pulled him out and lowered my head, my tongue reached out to him. That's when the sound of the doorbell forced us to stop. 

Quickly he put his cock back in his pants and I got up to answer the door. "Hi is Rob here?" It was his girlfriend. 

I thought about it for a second and then before I could stop myself I lied and told her someone had come by and picked him up. She thanked me and I closed the door behind me. 

"What did you do that for?" he asked with a big grin. 

I walked over to him, got on my knees and pulled down his shorts. His cock lay limp against his thigh. I took it in my mouth and sucked it until it was nice and hard again, pre cum flowed freely from his bell shaped head. 

I pulled off him and answered, "I'm not done with you yet, you still have a lot to learn about being with a man." With that, I returned to worshipping his cock.