 (Author's note: This is not a true story, but it easily could have been if I'd been bolder. Here's how it might have gone if I had been…)

I live in what you might call a semi-suburban area. It is pretty well built up with various subdivisions, but it is unincorporated. That means we are beyond the reach of a city sewer system, so we have to depend on a septic tank to dispose of solid waste. These can be a real pain in the ass, especially when you have to dig up and replace 20 feet of crushed 6-inch PVC pipe from the house to the tank in the middle of a wet early winter day as I did about six years ago.

The thing about a septic tank is that every 6-7 years they fill up, and when they get full, you have to call a professional, who comes out with a big tank truck and sucks out all the accumulated shit. This happened at our house two summers ago. All of the toilets backed up; we had shitty water everywhere, and, well, you get the picture. So I called the necessary people, and the company said they would send a man out the next day.

Now I work out of my home, while my wife works in town, so being home to meet the tank truck operator was no big deal. I expected some fat, toothless redneck or a big, beefy black guy to show up, but what I got, right around lunchtime, was a slight, pleasant young man of about 30. He was about 5-7 with curly blond hair and rimless glasses, who looked like he'd be more at home teaching a college class than lugging heavyweight hose and sucking up shit for a living. The truth is, this guy was gorgeous, and when he peeled off his t-shirt to get to the task at hand, I couldn't help myself. My stomach and my cock started churning.

I should say at this point that I am not gay. I have little use for gays or for the gay lifestyle, although I've have and have had friends of both genders who are/were gay, and I respect their right to live their lives any way they choose. 

Paradoxically, however, one of my hottest fantasies for a long time has been to have sex with a man, to suck a dick and have a cock fucking my ass. I discovered during my college days many years ago the effect anal penetration can have on the sexual experience, and I've been hooked ever since. Believe me, don't knock it until you've tried it.

Keep in mind, I'm not interested in a gay relationship, per se; in fact, in my fantasies, these men are nameless and faceless. They materialize out of thin air, with disembodied dicks that fuck me, suck me, cum in me and on me, then disappear. By the way, my wife of some 20 years knows about these fantasies and we often use them to enhance what is still a pretty active sex life, considering our hectic family and work lives.

Speaking of sex, I happened at that moment to be incredibly horny. The good wife and I hadn't had sex in over a week. She'd been on her period, and had also been working extremely hard on a major project, so she'd been too pooped to putter. So I'd been sitting at the computer that hot morning surfing the Net for porn, and was contemplating a rousing stroke session when the septic tank guy showed up, considerably earlier than I expected. 

Like I said, I've never been particularly attracted to men, but I was definitely attracted to this guy, whose name was Greg, and it wasn't just the fact that I hadn't gotten laid in over a week. I wasn't sure what, if anything, would happen, but I decided right then that the time would never be better than that moment to make my gay sex fantasy come to life.

So I walked out into the back yard to chat. I was dressed in a pair of baggy gym shorts, no underwear, and a loose-fitting tank top. I'm in my mid-40s, and while my hair has gone mostly gray, I still have all of it, and people tell me I look much younger than I am. I'm not a fitness freak, but I keep myself in decent shape. I watch what I eat and try to walk a couple of miles two or three times a week. Greg, on the other hand, was what they call ripped. He wasn't muscle-bound, but he had a nice set of pecs and a flat stomach. I also noticed that he had what appeared to be a nice-sized dick in his jeans.

I walked out into the back yard with two tall glasses of ice water and offered Greg one. I was gratified to catch him looking me up and down, and I thought to myself, "Maybe this is going to happen." But I was having trouble finding the right opening, when he beat me to the punch. "I noticed the Deadhead sticker on your window; I take it you're a fan," he said in a pleasant voice. We started talking about classic Grateful Dead shows that we'd seen in our younger days, and how much we missed them since Garcia's death several years before. While he worked on the tank, we talked about tape collections, downloading MP3 files onto our computers, and so on.

Finally, I took the plunge. "If you've got some time after you get through, I've got a new Dick's Picks CD I haven't had a chance to play yet," I said. "Maybe we can give it a listen." He said he'd see what his schedule looked like and let me know when he was done. My stomach was in knots as I waited for Greg to finish. I was already picturing this man naked, the first time I'd ever done that with a man.

At last, he was finished sucking out the tank and had replaced the top then spread the dirt back onto the tank. He came in the back door and I started to get hard. He was covered with a slick sheen of sweat that just enhanced the sexiness of the scene. I gave him another cold drink, made out the check, then went into the den to put on the CD I'd mentioned. "I told the office I was taking off an hour or so for lunch," he said in a somewhat husky voice. "And my next appointment isn't until 2:30." I did some quick figuring and realized that we had almost two hours to kill.

Greg stood by the CD rack, looking over my collection, as I walked up behind him and stood real close. I hoped I wasn't being too obvious, but at that point, I really didn't care. The sexual tension in the room was so thick you could cut it with a knife.

Sure enough, Greg put a CD away, turned toward me and gave me a piercing gaze with his deep blue eyes. "I don't think you invited me in here just to listen to music," he whispered, as he ran a hand down the front of my shorts to squeeze my swelling cock. I just shook my head as he pulled my face to his and we kissed, long and deep. I had kissed a man once before, many years ago, but this was different. His tongue was a lot longer and stronger than any I'd tasted as it circled the inside of my mouth. My cock was standing up straight as we embraced, and I could feel his cock straining his jeans.

When we broke the embrace, he asked me if I'd ever been with a man before. I said that I had had a couple of experiences many years ago, but that they had been somewhat unsatisfying, although the blowjob I got from a young Creole man one time at a quarter movie arcade in New Orleans was pretty good. "Let me show you how a man takes care of another man," Greg said as he pulled my shorts down to free my rock-hard cock. There was already a generous amount of pre-cum fluid pooling out the end of my dick and he used that to lubricate my shaft as he slowly started to jack me off.

I closed my eyes and groaned as he softly stroked my dick while he pulled my shirt off. When I was naked, he stepped back and looked me over and nodded in apparent approval. I did what any good host would do; I stepped up to him, unbuttoned his pants, and pulled them and his briefs down to his knees. I eagerly took his hard cock in my hand and did to him what he'd done to me, lightly stroking his cock. A word here about cock size; I'm about 8 inches long and fairly fat when fully hard, while Greg's was about the same length, but a little more slender. We quickly began to jack each other off slowly as we kissed again, this time more leisurely. 

After a few minutes, I had to back away or I was going to cum, and I wasn't ready for that just yet. Greg sat down on the sofa, pulled his boots and socks off then pulled his pants all the way off. I whistled in appreciation at his naked body, which was every bit as beautiful as I had imagined it would be. I got on my knees between his legs and ran my hands all over his dick and his low-hanging balls, then I put my face right up to his throbbing cock and inhaled his masculine aroma.

I knew exactly what I wanted to do right then, and I didn't hesitate. I ran my tongue up the underside of his cock then licked all around the shaft, still holding the swollen flesh at its base. When I had gotten a good taste of him, I opened my mouth and sucked the head of his cock into my mouth. His pre-cum tasted interesting and I found that I liked it. But I wasn't too concerned with that; I wanted to see how much of his pretty pecker I could take. Turned out I could take about 5 inches, which he said was pretty good for a beginner. I quickly established a bobbing and sucking rhythm as I massaged his balls and the part of his shaft I didn't have pumping into my mouth, getting all of his cock well coated with my saliva.

After several minutes of this, Greg pulled my head off his cock and told me to lie back on the floor. I pulled a big towel, from the pile of laundry that sat in the other chair waiting to be folded, and laid it on the floor. Then I lay back and spread my legs. Greg crawled between my legs, opened them up even further then grabbed the base of my cock and fed it into his mouth in one smooth motion. The feeling was sensational! I love to have my cock sucked, but my wife rarely does it; she's got a fairly small mouth and my sizable cock is tough for her to get in her mouth and into her throat. But Greg had no such problem. He vacuumed my dick all the way until his nose was nestled in my pubic hair then pulled back until just the head was in his mouth. He did this several times, before I pulled him away lest I cum too soon. 

Breathlessly, I told him to swing around so we could get into a 69. He didn't need any coaxing, but swiveled his legs around, straddled my head and lowered his hips so that his cock was even with my mouth. I reached up and grabbed his dick, brought it to my lips and sucked it into my mouth. In this position, I could get a little more of his cock into my throat and Greg rolled his hips to thrust as much of his hot cock into my mouth as I could take. At the same time, he bent his head and resumed sucking my cock, and for several long, liquid minutes all you could hear, except for the music that continued to play in the background, was the slurping sound of hard cocks going into hot, open mouths. 

Our hands gripped each other's butts as we gave ourselves over to pleasuring each other. I nearly came again when Greg pulled my butt cheeks open and began to finger my asshole. But this guy knew what he was doing, because he squeezed my cock real tight to stem the flow of cum that was boiling in my balls. Soon, he resumed sucking my cock, while penetrating my anus with his middle finger. I took my mouth off Greg's cock momentarily to tell him how much I loved having my ass played with and that I wanted him to fuck me. He just nodded and went back to work on me.

I couldn't believe how hot I was for this guy. Now that I'd taken the plunge, I wanted it to go on forever, but I knew that was impossible. I could tell from the way he was thrusting his hips that he was getting close to the edge, and I knew how close I was. Greg pulled himself off of me and asked, panting, if I had any lubricant. I got up, walked to my desk and pulled out the tube of KY jelly I keep there for stroking purposes, then I walked back to where Greg knelt on the towel I'd laid down, his throbbing purple boner waving in the air.

I knelt over the sofa, with my ass in the air, awaiting my first live ass fuck. Greg squeezed a generous dollop of jelly onto two fingers and coated my anus with it. Then he pushed the fingers into my ass very slowly. With his left hand, he reached around and began to stroke me lightly, getting my dick all slick with the lube. When he was able to get three fingers in my ass, he pronounced me ready to fuck. I pushed my butt back and lay my head on the sofa as Greg rubbed his slicked-up cock between the crack of my ass. I closed my eyes tightly and gripped the arm of the sofa as he pushed the bulbous head of his cock past my anus. "Relax, relax, it'll feel so good once I get it in and your ass gets used to it," he said in a soft voice.

I told him I'd fucked myself many times with various sized dildos and that I could take anything he could give me. And with that, the head of his cock popped past my anal ring and I felt his hot, throbbing cock sink into my rectum. I gasped at the intense feeling of having my ass filled with a live hard cock for the first time. It felt somewhat like fucking my dildos, but different. For one thing, Greg's cock was considerably hotter than anything made of rubber and for another, no dildo could make the kinds of motions that this cock was performing in my ass. He filled me up righteously and fucked me steadily, with almost grim purpose.

"Oh God, your cock feels so good," I exclaimed when I got my voice back. "Fuck me and fill my ass with your hot cream." I was steadily stroking my own nearly nuclear cock in time with the rhythm of Greg's cock in my ass, and I was pushing my butt back to get more and more of his heavenly dick in my ass. Greg's hands worked my butt cheeks as he gripped my hips for better leverage. I could feel the ripples of his cock as he began to pump harder and faster back and forth in my ass, and I was keeping right up with him as I stroked my own cock. I lifted my head up and howled at the wondrous feelings of hard, hot cock in my steaming, velvety rectum.

All too soon, I felt the telltale tingle of what I knew was going to be a stupendous orgasm. "I'm, I'm gonna cum," I cried, and cut loose with a mega-cum load. I shot two huge ropes of cum that landed on the base of the sofa then shot the remaining bolts of cum in great arcs onto the towel on the floor. As I came, my sphincter clenched and tightened, and that was too much for Greg to withstand. With a choking cry, he pushed deeper into my ass than he'd been before, and I felt his cock swell, then burst in a series of rapid-fire cum shots deep into my bowels. Greg emptied himself completely in my ass as I bucked back to get every drop. For long minutes, his cock spasmed and twitched as he shot oozing droplets of cum deep in my ass.

Finally, Greg wrapped his arms around my chest and slumped onto my back, his cock still embedded in my ass. I just knelt there in position, my head lolling on the sofa as I soaked up the afterglow of one of the most incredible sexual experiences of my life. After several minutes, his cock quit twitching in my ass and he pulled it out, followed immediately by a stream of cum that dribbled out my gaping asshole and down the back of my thighs. This sensation was so erotic that I felt my cock begin to revive somewhat, but I wanted a little time to rest before we moved on to the second act of this sexual performance.

We sat back on the floor, with our backs against the sofa, with our arms around each other and a hand on each other's mostly-limp dick. We talked about our lives and how we ended up here, two men naked following a thoroughly homoerotic experience. Greg had grown up in this town, and had moved away to go to work, then to go to college. He had moved back here four years previously to help care for his widowed mother, who was living in a nursing home. He said he was probably, "95 percent gay." He had tried women in high school, but had had some bad experiences, and when he had been turned on to men, he immediately knew that was for him.

He said he could have sex with a woman under very specific circumstances, such as in a threesome with a bisexual couple, but he just couldn't do one-on-one sex with a female. I asked him if he found it tough being a gay man in this staunchly conservative town. "It's frustrating, yes," he answered. "But, you know, that's the way it goes. You don't always get what you want." Although he wasn't ashamed of his gayness, he preferred staying in the closet as much as possible. There was his very religious mother, who was still mentally alert if physically declining; there were his old school friends that he didn't really want learning of his orientation; and then there was his job, a world of macho, mostly redneck, men. "They'd probably kill me if they found out, and I'd almost certainly lose my job," he said. "This job pays real well and I can't afford to lose it." He was saving his money so he could return to college if and when his mother passed away.

I asked him if he ever went to New Orleans, three hours away, where being gay is no big deal, but he said he very rarely went there. "It's a big leather crowd down there, and I just don't feel comfortable in that scene," he replied. He was also scared to death of AIDS and other STDs, and thus didn't trust random encounters. So most of his rare sexual encounters – other than masturbation – were with guys like me, bisexual husbands looking to fool around a little bit, because, as he put it, "You're clean and discrete." 

Finally, I asked him how he knew I was willing. "Oh man, I clocked you right from the get-go," he said. "It was just the way you looked at me, and the way you just hung around watching me work. That and this pole you had swinging in your shorts." He gave my rapidly swelling cock a squeeze as he said that, and I squeezed his back. The heat was beginning to rise in the room again as I leaned over and kissed Greg's lips very sensually. I looked at the clock and saw that it was still just 1:30, plenty of time for another round of fucking, and this time I wanted to be the one to feel a hot ass on his cock.

As we made out, we slid to the floor until we were lying prone, our slick bodies rubbing each other and our hands covering as much of each other's naked flesh as we could reach. Our cocks were reinvigorated from the slow stroking we'd been doing almost non-stop since we'd finished our last session. No words were necessary; we both knew what we wanted, and I snaked my left hand between Greg's legs and ran my middle finger along the crack of his ass and up to his anus. "Fuck me," Greg whispered. "God, it's been so long since I've had a man in my ass. I want to feel you cum in me like I came in you a while ago." 

I picked up the tube of KY and squeezed some onto my fingers, then slowly pushed them past his anal ring into his rectum. I slowly worked my fingers in and out of Greg's ass, opening him up and preparing him for my fat cock. Greg's hand worked that cock steadily, getting it up to full roar. I was finger fucking Greg's ass with my left hand and stroking his swollen cock with my right. I looked up at Greg's face and saw his eyes were closed with a blissful expression on his face, and I was suddenly overcome with a desire to please this lonely, gentle man who was so much out of his element in this town.

Climbing on my knees in front of Greg, I stopped him from getting on his knees. "I want you on your back," I whispered. "I want to fuck you like a woman; I want to see your face when I fuck you; and I want to see you shoot your cum." He just looked at me with a lustful gaze, nodded his head and lifted his legs in the air. I smeared some KY on my throbbing purple boner, which was harder than it had ever been in my life. I pressed the head of my dick to his asshole and slowly pushed it past his anal ring. Greg groaned in utter satisfaction as I slowly entered his ass. Inch by inch, I pushed my cock deeper and deeper into Greg's clenching rectum until I found myself completely embedded in his unbelievably hot ass.

I gave a long, low moan as I felt his rectal muscles grip my cock in a wet embrace. I felt Greg's hands on my buttocks, trying to pull even more cock into his ass. Pulling back an inch or so, I began to pump my cock slowly, which was the only way I could fuck him and not explode right from the start. Even though I had already cum once, the heat of our coupling was so intense that if I had tried to fuck any faster, it would have been curtains. I had never had a feeling like it. My wife and I had had anal sex a few times, but she really doesn't care for it much. She has to be pretty drunk or unusually horny to even want it, and usually that means I'm pretty drunk as well. Plus, I've found it hard to push my cock into her ass, because she's fairly small and because there is a wetter, more inviting hole just a few inches away that somehow always seems to suck my dick right in, no matter how hard I try to prevent it, if you catch my drift.
