 It was a cold drizzly night at the cabin. I stood out on the porch watching the rain fall over the lake with my friend Marco. It was about midnight, and we were the last ones up. My three friends and I had come up here for the weekend to enjoy the last of the summer weather, but the weather had different plans. Tired from the long journey up, three of my other friends were already sleeping in their beds inside the cabin, while me and Marco stood outside talking. 

We were a little tipsy and tired, and the conversation came around what kinds of porn we were into. 

We were joking around until Marco asked out of the blue: "Have you ever watched anything with just guys?" 

I quickly answered, "No. Have you?"

Marco gave me a searching stare, before saying, "Yeah, I mean eventually if you watch enough porn you get bored of a certain kind of thing."

I nodded, and we both awkwardly stared back out at the lake.

"You think you're straight though?" I finally asked, a little nervously.

"Yeah. But not all the way," he said.

"That's interesting," I said.

He laughed, and so did I. Marco was definitely not the queer-looking type. A muscular, bearded construction worker, he was wearing plaid and a sweatshirt while talking to me about gay porn.

"After awhile watching porn, I think you get to appreciate a nice-looking cock", he slurred a little. "I'm going to bed I think. Feeling a little bit drunk."

I nodded and we went inside. A fire was burning and my sleeping bag was laid out on the couch. As Marco began to lock everything up, I started to slip out of my damp clothes and into the pair of long johns I had brought in case it got this cold. Shadows of light danced from the fire onto my naked lower body as I changed, lighting up my blond pubic hair and pinkish cock. Unzipping my sleeping bag, I laid down across it, surprisingly feeling a little horny, with the warmth of the fire and remembering Marco's words.

As Marco walked back into the room, I jutted out my bum a little, nicely framed by my tight long johns. I had a round ass that girls had commented on before saying it was better than theirs. I felt a little bit lonely, being away from my girlfriend, and wanted to make at least someone pay me some attention before I went to bed by myself. To my excitement, I felt Marco's burning eyes on my ass. The wine was hitting me a lot harder than I expected. I turned around to meet his gaze across the darklit room, both of us with smoky eyes. I slowly pulled down my long johns and my suddenly hard cock sprang out.

"Is this a nice cock?" I asked him.

He moved toward me quicker than I expected, taking off his shirt to reveal a muscular chest covered with tufts of brown hair. He pulled my long johns fully off, and put his warm mouth over the head of my cock. The myth was right; guys did know how to give better blowjobs. Marco took the length of my dick into his mouth, pressing the back of his throat and his inner cheeks against my swollen head and rhythmically sliding up and down the skin of my cock, making me stare in disbelief at my "straight" friend giving me the best blowjob of my life. 

His mouth drifted down to my asshole, and he started swirling around it, his wet tongue dragging across the pink folds of my hole. The short hairs of his beard crackled over my entire area, reminding me I was having sex with a guy. Before I could think about that further, he returned to my balls which were wrinkled from the cold, and he massaged my sack and testicles while slipping a slicked finger into my ass. The pleasure was overwhelming, and somehow, my dick started to pulse like it was going to cum, despite not having any direct stimulation.

"I'm going to cum," I whimpered to Marco, looking scared into his eyes.

He stopped massaging my sack, and made me moan a little as he slipped two more fingers into my relaxed ass. 

"I've heard it feels amazing to cum with a cock inside your ass," he informed me. "We should prepare for that, but your ass feels really loose right now."

He was right. My asshole felt like it was panting, desperately winking at him for more. His three fingers were tunneling into me all in opposite directions, but my ass kept accommodating them wherever they moved. Marco slowly pulled down his jeans, and his own wiry, brown pubic hairs sprang into the light, along with his own very attractive, very hard cock. 

"I'll go slowly," he said, before diving his face back into my now wider hole, slipping his tongue in and lubing up the area with his spit. I pulled my cheeks farther apart to give him more access, and his tongue crept deep inside me, til it felt like he was making out with my asshole.

"You taste amazing," he said, as he pulled out, wiping his mouth. "I love your hole."

I felt the head of his cock pressing against this button-like hole, and to my surprise, it quickly entered, slipping right in and sending waves of pain down my whole body. His strong arms gripped my sMarcoach as he slowly penetrated me, making me feel for the first time completely at my partner's whims during sex.

I started to moan out, before Marco cupped a hand over my mouth, hissing, "You'll wake up the others. Just ride it out."

As he slowly pushed inside me, my dick stood out like a flag-pole, desperately searching for stimulation as a hard cock pushed down into me right below it. I had a feeling of being filled up like nothing before.

Slowly, Marco started to push in and out of me, and my ass started to feel warmer and wetter, but just as quickly he murmured, "F-f-fuck, you're hot, I'm going to cum".

His cock quickly slipped out of me, leaving me gasping, and he immediately came geyser-like, spraying me from crotch to head with spurts of cum.

"Oh. My. God," he moaned, as he continued to jerk off over me, cum still dripping out of his cock onto my sMarcoach. 

As he finished, he slowly began to pull up his pants, looking almost disdainfully at me, lying there covered in cum, still rockhard. 

"What about me?" I whispered.

"Slut," he answered.

Then he left for his bedroom, without saying another word, leaving me completely aroused and messy lying in bed. I lay there in disbelief. Was I gay for having enjoyed that so much? 

My thoughts were disturbed, as I heard someone suddenly stepping across the floor toward my couch. I looked up expecting to see Marco, returning maybe to finish me off, but to my horror, I could see the figure approaching of my other friend, Andrew. 

"Oh, hi Alex," he said, blinking at me, my cum-covered body hidden by both the couch and the darkness of the room. "You still up?"

"Yeah," I whispered.

"You and Marco stay up late talking?"

"Yeah, and other things," I said, slyly. For some reason, my arousal was overpowering all my sense of reason and I was courting friendship disaster.

"OK, I couldn't sleep, so I was just checking if you two were still up. I thought I heard you talking before. I'm going back to bed if everyone's sleeping."

"Why don't you stay up a little later?" I asked. "I'm sure we can find something to do."

Andrew walked closer to my couch, squinting at me in the dark. "What's that on your—"

Before he could finish I stood up in the light of the room, my hard figure glistening with cum and completely naked. I bounded over to him and in one motion place my hand on the waist of his jeans.

"May I?" I asked, looking up at him with my most innocent and teasing eyes.

Andrew was the most straight-laced of us all. He worked for a non-profit, had a hot girlfriend and everyone tended to like him. His green eyes gazed down into my own, almost in terror. 

"Fuck man," he said. "I haven't come in weeks you know."

"Oh why?" I teased him, sensing weakness in him, and fondling his dick through his jeans.

"Clare and I aren't having sex these days. And I've never really masturbated."

"I can help you with that. I helped Marco."

Angry with himself a little, Andrew murmured, "You're a fucking slut. You're teasing me. I shouldn't be doing this. You're making me do this."

He placed his hands around my throat as I undid his jeans, and let them fall to the floor. I placed my hands around his boxers, inhaling his smell and unable to control my excitement at tasting my friend's cock. I pulled down his boxers, and a thick cock, bigger than Marco's sprang out and hit me in the face. His balls were bulging and throbbing, and I could see that he was going to give me what I wanted. 

I licked his head, and it tasted of his precum. 

His grip tightened around my throat, as he murmured, "You like that don't you, you little whore? I can't believe you're making me do this."

He pulled me by my blond hair away from his cock suddenly, and said, "You're getting too much enjoyment from this. I want to come somewhere less greedy."

He positioned me on the couch, so my slightly gaping asshole was opening toward him. Then he thrust his cock straight inside, making me yell out, before gulping back another scream, as he started ramming me. His cock was tearing into me, making me feel nothing but pain, and my own cock had now shriveled up and bounced around uselessly as he made me his toy. The sounds of our fucking echoed throughout the whole cabin, as he pulled my shirt and sent waves of thrusts deeper into my dirty fuck hole.

He flipped me over on the couch, so I started to ride him. I bounced my bum up and down on his lap, both of us looking at each other in amazement at how good this was feeling. I caressed his face, and looked deeply into his eyes, feigning innocence as I pounded his cock with my dirty fuck hole. I stopped riding him, and just gyrated on his cock, feeling it at all different angles and lengths inside my ass. 

As I circled his cock with my warm ass flesh, he began murmuring gibberish, his eyes rolled back, and he squirted deep inside me, and I felt it, shooting up almost to my sMarcoach, as his cock pulsed inside me, making my inner ass stretch and heave. The warmth spread through my whole body, and somehow even my throat felt thick, as if the cum had pierced my whole body. 

I sat there dirtily on my friend's lap, both of us looking a little confused but also satisfied. We had never seen each other even naked before, and now my cock and balls were resting on his flat sMarcoach, as his own penis continued to ejaculate into my rectum. At that moment, as the pleasure of that fuck started to recede into an afterglow of wet-feeling pleasure I suddenly saw emerging from the other bedroom, my third friend, Nick.

"What in the fuck?" he said.

Andrew turned toward him, still pulsing inside my ass, as he said to him exhaustedly, throwing back his head, "you might as well come tonight, man. Everyone else has."

Nick was black, a lifeguard instructor and thickly built. He stood there with a look on his face I'd never seen before, his gaze alternating between me and Andrew.

"Fuck it," he said, and dropped his pants to reveal a black cock dangling from his crotch that was longer soft than both Andrew's and Marco's were hard.

"Gimme that," I blurted out.

I could feel Andrew slowly getting harder inside me almost already, as we switched positions so that I could devour Nick's black cock. It tasted so much more flavourful than Andrew's. I licked it up and down, as Andrew's cock slowly started to fill me again. Nick's balls hung low, and I tried to gather them into my palm, but their size made them keep slipping out. Nick and I had never got along that great, but now that I was throating his delicious cock, we were having a great time.

My asshole was extra loose now that it was full of come, and so Andrew was easily spearing in and out of me from behind, and giving me wave after wave of pleasure as I dutifully sucked Nick's cock. They high-fived over me, laughing, and we all laughed at the spectacle of our friendship turned into me servicing their cocks, before returning to sweaty slaps of our testicles hitting skin, and long extended moans.

Nick's cock was straightening right up, as Andrew's tensed up as well. I could now feel, as he fucked my ass, the full shape of his cock. It was slightly curved and by the repeated feeling of his thrusts inside me I could probably tell the exact angle of that bent. This was true friendship I realized. As I considered this, I was slobbering all over Nick's man meat, coating his glistening black cock with spit and alternating between squeezing his mammoth balls in my hands, and pushing his powerful buttocks into my face. His cock at one point reached down into my throat so far, that his black bristly hairs bristled against lips, letting me smell the musky scent of his pubic area and its dark skin, before his thick cock slithered slowly back out of my throat, and then back in again, his balls slapping against my chin. My entire face was being engulfed by his gigantic genitals. 

At some point, I noticed Marco had returned and was watching us all now from the corner of the room. 

He came over to me with the two cocks pistoning in and out of me, and laughed, "You're a slut and a whore."

As Nick withdrew his cock from my mouth and Andrew mounted onto the sofa to penetrate me more deeply, I couldn't answer much more than, "Yes", at that point. 

My pink cock was dangling half-hard from my crotch, swinging back and forth to the tune of Andrew's now more vertical thrusts, power-fucking me from the strength of his thighs. Marco began to move around me. 

"Good," Marco smirked at me. "You see, we're all having a lot of fun here, and we wouldn't want you to change your mind on this whole arrangement."

Marco was moving around the sofa now with rope. I hardly noticed because Andrew had reached a spot where the power of his thrusts was making pre-cum pulse out of my own cock. Marco gently took my wrists, and tied them to the sofa, then went around and tied my feet, as he massaged them. "You're our cum slut now."

My legs were roped open and without my hands, Nick was just thrusting in and out of my mouth, using the friction of my lips to stimulate his massive cock. My asshole was also out of my control, and had become a sex toy for Andrew.

Marco then spat on his hand and slowly started jerking off my cock. "Do you like that?" he asked.

The feeling of being stimulated while I was being tied up and used already sent me back to the edge I had lingered at the whole night.

"Please, I'm going to come!" I cried out, between Nick's thrusts into my mouth.

"Good," Marco said. 

I suddenly noticed he had a cell phone in his hand, and was dialing it with his free hand. "I have your girlfriend on the line. If you want to come, let her know what a gay slut you are."

"Here you go," as he pressed the phone to my side.

"What's happening? Alex is that you?" I heard my girlfriend on the other line.

Andrew was destroying my ass, his balls sweatily smacking my bum, and Nick's cock was draped over my cheek to let me speak. Marco's warm grip was still on the bulk of my cock, which was crying out to come.

"Hi Stacy. Yes it's Alex," I whimpered. "Nick is f-f-fucking my face, and Andrew is using my bum to deposit cum in. And I love it."

"Is this some kind of sick joke? What's that sound in the background?"

"Dorry I hath do gro" I barely got out as Nick's cock pushed back into my mouth.

Andrew howled as the pace of his thrusts increased, and Nick aggressively started face-fucking me to the point I could only inhale cock. Marco's hand squeezed my cock, as Andrew simultaneously exploded into my ass and Nick sent an impossibly thick stream of cum down my throat, both streams feeling like they were aimed at each other and meeting somewhere in the middle of my body. Marco's hand tensed around my cock, and I felt my own cum slowly start to build. Suddenly he removed his hand, and Nick and Andrew's relaxing cocks slowly slipped out of my holes. 

The feeling of their messy retreat from my fuck holes sent a tremor of pleasure down to my balls, which slowly, gradually pushed its way to my cock, and my voice swimming through the layer of cum deposited in my throat, my dick dribbled out an orgasm without even being touched, as Andrew, Marco and Nick watched. I screamed in a garbled tone more, as the orgasm continued, and my cock slowly began to release more and more cum without being touched. Cum slowly began to drip also out of my asshole and mouth. I lay there cum dripping out of my every orifice as Marco came up in front of me and sprayed my face with his second orgasm of the night. Blinded by cum, and tied to the sofa, I was still orgasming, twitching like a broken fuck toy. 

"This is going to be the best weekend ever," I thought.