 Alex had promised himself and Stacy that this time would be different. No more prank calls from the cabin, and definitely not as much drinking as last time, or whatever he had been on. He had actually believed this too, since that time had just been a one-time thing, an experimentation. He was back to fucking Stacy's cunt, and it felt good to him. He definitely wasn't gay.

No he was just going to have fun with Marco and the rest of the guys, drinking and playing board games and listening to music and having a little dance party, just normal stuff a bunch of straight guys would be doing on a cold night at the cabin, like making eye contact with Marco and then letting his eyes drift down to the bulge in his jeans, and then making eye contact with Marco again, just normal dude stuff.

No, he was just going to suck Marco's cock a little bit in his bedroom while the music was loud in the other room, because it was only fair, he had had his best orgasm thanks to Marco, his whole body tingling before the cum had cum out of him in a way it had never before, so it was completely rational that he was returning the favour, bobbing dutifully on his friend's thick cock, his mouth slippery and warm with spit. As soon as Marco came, it would be all over, and he could go back to be being completely straight and probably Marco too. He wasn't a little whore, sticking out his little bum in the air as he started to drool over Marco's dick, its veins pulsing with masculinity that he wanted to service, to please, to taste, its pink head tasting so differently from the rest of his cock, like warm water, and he was so thirsty, pressing his lips to it, throating it with just his mouth.

No, he was definitely not going to pull back his tongue across Marco's cock one last time, from base to tip, then pull back and do a little dance for Marco, sliding off his shirt and then his jeans down, and then his boxers, till he was standing there in the cold of his room, all naked and pink, his ass bulging in the moonlight, wiggling it in Marco's face. And it was completely normal in that situation for Marco to taste him, pulling out the fat butt plug with a plop that Alex had definitely not remembered storing in there since they had set out for the cabin, even as he had been talking to Stacy about how they were gonna do real manly stuff like axe throwing and ice-fishing. Well Marco was kind of ice-fishing in his asshole now, his warm tongue up in Alex's little fuckhole, as Alex spread his cheeks further and further apart.

And if Marco wanted to lead him into the other room, hand in hand like he was his little bitch, well, what could he really do to stop him? And at this point, as his friends, saw his naked little body being brought into the room, well, it was kind of expected that they would all want to stick their fat cocks up into Alex's warm body, and so each slip off their pants and boxers, Andrew revealing his long and sleek fuckstick and Nick, uncoiling — really, not metaphorically — his black snake. On a cold night, you have to find different ways to stay warm, he would tell Stacy later, and he could swear he could see steam rising from his friends' packages.

The cock smell was all around him now, and it was in his brain, he knew that it wasn't really his fault, it was the cock smell, he was straight but when you're surrounded by three beautiful penises pressing into your face, their balls hanging down like delicious fruit, it's only natural to become a little slut, and try to taste two at once, mixing Nick's and Andrew's together to create a nice cocktail in your mouth, their scents and tastes mixing together and balancing eachother, then of course all, three, their heads pressing in on eachother, and your tongue dancing across their surfaces.

And of course he felt warmer — just like Stacy had told him, keep warm, don't freeze to death — when a cock had slipped into his rectum, all prepared and loose this time, so that it easily accommodated the first act of Marco's cock sliding into his ass. And of course, it's nothing surprising to say that cock tastes better when you're bent over and have a cock in your ass, you lose a little bit of control and feel completely filled, like your whole body is closed up and you're joined with your best friends' bodies. You become like a power strip and everyone is plugged in and you're facilitating their energy, and plus you're being spanked like the naughty little whore you are, feasting on their sweaty balls and cocks, as you receive what you want in your asshole.

Alex's thoughts were obviously getting a little head of themselves — but this was normal since this was a weird situation for a straight guy to be in — and this stopped when Andrew brought around the cellphone with a timer on it set to 1 minute.

"What's mfffht-that?" Alex managed to blurt out through the thrusts of Nick's cock into his mouth.

"In a minute, we're skyping Stacy" Andrew matter-of-factly replied.

Alex panicked and tried to squirm away from Marco, who was unfortunately so deep into his prepped asshole that he was hooked like a fish. 

"No, no no!" yelled Alex. "She won't understand, it'll look like I'm not straight."

"You better finish us off then quickly" Andrew replied, motioning down to his cock, which horrifying to Alex, was losing a little momentum.

The timer started.

There really wasn't any time for thought. Alex clenched his ass flesh around Marco's thrusting cock, slowing its progress to a slow grind, took both of Andrew and Nick's cocks in his mouth and started furiously massaging their balls, then drew Andrew's hand to the back of his head to press down on it so both could start slamming his mouth down on their cocks, stretching Alex's jaw just as much as his asshole was stretching on the other end, his throat losing all gag reflex in this pressure situation so that the cocks were each fighting desperately for space in there with Nick's black mamba winning that battle. 

The tightness of that space for Andrew's cock in Alex's warm mouth, caused him to moan, tense, pull out and drape Alex's face in 7 — really! — strings of warm ejaculate. The sight of which made Marco's cock expand slightly, and with the renewed gripping of Alex's asshole, start to spurt warm cum deep into Alex's belly. 

After murmuring out some swears in description of his pleasure, Andrew gestured to the timer. 30 seconds. Alex thrust Nick to the ground, and took a position of a power squat over him, lowering his cum-filled asshole onto Nick's 10 inches of cock. He couldn't even breathe with it inside him, but still he started slamming his ass down onto it. The cock was so far up inside him, it felt like it was reaching into his brain. 

He started murmuring to Nick, "I'm your fuck toy, I'm your cock sheathe, my pink hole is yours, whenever you need to cum, use me, I smell like your cock now, I'm nothing but your dirty little cock fluffer..." Then in desperation, Alex slipped off the cock, and took it in his mouth, tasting his ruined ass flesh on it along with Marco's cum, mixed with Nick's throbbing black meat. The taste drove him so mad, that he completely forgot about the timer, and cuddled up to his new master, Nick's fat dick. 

Stacy looked somewhat surprised to see her boyfriend sucking on his black friend's penis head like it was a lollipop. Returning to reality, Alex tried to blurt out the very reasonable circumstances that had led to this situation, but he choked momentarily as he realized he was still trying to suck desperately at Nick's cock while speaking.

"What the hell — is that — oh my god — is that a penis?" Stacy cried out.

"One second and I'll explain everything" Alex said, pulling off Nick's cock with a pop.

It seemed like a smart decision at that time to show Stacy his cock, which was pathetically shrivilled due to the pounding he had just received. 

"See, I'm not even hard not even aroused," he cried triumphantly to her. "I'm not gay, completely straight."

It was then that suddenly he realized he was still running his slippery hand up and down Nick's massive member, and that member had suddenly become extra massive. It was then that he felt something like a slap, as a whole splat of cum from Nick's cock hit his face. The cum drenched his face, and suddenly to his horror, his own cock tensed up, still minutely, but like a glass pouring out water over its edge, began releasing a steady torrent of cum.

He squirmed as he couldn't contain himself, and collapsing to the floor, still looking into Stacy's eyes, he murmured out pathetically: "I'm... cummming..."

The call ended.