 After some thought, Stacy had figured out how to get back at Alex. She had known all the girls in college who had found out too late their boyfriends were gay, and she had always wondered how they didn't know. Now, she couldn't believe she was one of those girls.

Of course, Alex had done everything he could to get back with Stacy. He had sent her embarrassing emails, had sent her a mixtape, and most recently had sent her roses on her birthday. However, as she stared into the roses deep pink, she could only imagine the sight of Alex's bum that night as his friends had — no, she couldn't keep thinking of that.

She had to remind herself that she was quite a catch. The Facebook profile photos of her mischievous smile, her short brown hair, and her deep hazel eyes always returned over 100 likes. She was in medical school, practiced yoga, and wrote long blogs about political and environmental issues. However, after her and Alex had broken up, she'd been having some difficulties getting laid. Tinder had been creepy. The rest of the time she was too busy with work, and always ended up hanging with the same, boring friends from school. 

The idea of sex even seemed somewhat repellant to her after having been witness to Alex's cabin adventure. She was all the more mad at him for having wrecked her appetite for sex, since she had always a very sexual person. It was out of this anger that her plan slowly grew for revenge on Alex.

She had texted Alex later that week about her sudden weekend plans: a fun weekend at his friends' cabin. She also made sure to let him know how she had heard about all the weird things that always happened at the cabin, and she was excited to finally experience that. For the first time in months, he had gone completely silent after that with the texts, and Stacy had been happy to have finally won the breakup.

"So are you gonna be more fun to hang out than your boyfriend, sorry your ex-boyfriend?" Marco asked her on the drive up. Stacy had expected these kinds of questions from him, one of Alex's cruder friends, but thankfully she didn't expect them from Andrew, who was sitting in the backseat of the car. Her and Andrew's girlfriend had been friends in college, so she and Andrew actually went back before her and Alex. She had always found Andrew's tall, clean-cut, very active personality attractive, but she was feeling a little intimidated by the way he was suddenly staring at her.

"I don't know, what kind of stuff did you guys do?" she asked coyly.

"Took a break from regular life. Let off steam. Found our release. Covered your ex-boyfriend in cum," Marco replied matter-of-factly.

They were just turning off the forest road that led to the cabin. Stacy glanced back one more time at civilization.

"I had some idea that had happened," she replied, suddenly unsteadily, as the trees started to swallow up the sky on the road.

"Did you like any of what you saw?" Marco pressed.

"No, no, no I more came here just to relax and just taunt Alex, not anything serious, sorry guys," Stacy replied, suddenly unsure of her plan.

Marco's truck pulled to a stop in front of the cabin, and Andrew suddenly stared right into her eyes, and said, "You're lying. I can see the lingerie panties sticking out of your jeans."

Stacy blushed, and quickly pulled down her shirt, only to reveal a black lace bra more clearly, and some goose-pimpled cleavage. 

It was then that the passenger-side door opened and Nick was there waiting for her. She gave a little, "Oh" as he picked her up and carried her into the cabin, laying her down on a fur-draped sofa.

Suddenly she was lying prone on the sofa, and Marco, Andrew and Nick were all standing over her. 

"No, no, no" Stacy started to squirm to an upright position, tearing her striped shirt down the middle, and revealing a loose-hanging pair of breasts barely contained in her bra.

The three men started to move toward her, Andrew grabbed her jeans and quickly yanked them off as she recoiled backwards, while Marco grabbed what remained of her shirt, and gave it a tug. They revealed a tanned brunette lounging on the sofa, her brown bush and wet pussy clearly visible through panties that hid nothing and one of her tits hanging out of the bra. 

"I can't believe you. My girlfriend is best friends with a fucking slut," Andrew grimaced, before moving toward her.

"First the boyfriend, then the girlfriend," said Nick, unbuttoning his jean shorts.

The men closed in on her, when suddenly there was a sound from the cabin entrance door. Someone had just stepped into the cabin.

It was Alex; he was completely naked, glistening from likely just having gone for a swim in the lake. He looked tanned and slightly muscular, though his penis had shriveled to an almost impossibly small size perhaps from the lake. 

Stumbling absentmindedly past the cabin living room scene, Alex muttered, "sorry, forgot something in here." He got down onto his hands and knees, and started searching the floor.

What Andrew, Marco, Nick and Stacy were all suddenly looking at was a round bubble butt wiggling up at them, with the sunlight perfectly capturing the wrinkles of its winking little asshole. Alex relaxed his ass muscles suddenly, and his asshole winked open so wide that the other four gasped because of how deep into his insides it showed.

It was then that they all noticed what Alex was doing on the ground was putting his wrists in handcuffs that were anchored to the floor. When Alex was all cuffed, he rested on his knees and waited. He didn't have to wait long. One unknown tongue slowly crept deep into his gaping asshole, slithering like a garden snake till it was tickling the back of his ass flesh. Another tongue surprised him by slithering in along the many wrinkled folds of his asshole, going up the left hand side then wetly painting down from there counter-clockwise. Then a third started to do the same on the left hand side of his anus, and his shriveled cock was already pathetically leaking out cum, as if it was crying of pleasure.

Stacy, only a few moments away from being gang-raped, was completely aghast at this turn of events. She tried to coo the boys over to her cunt by performing a lewd yoga pose, and was finally happy to see Nick turn toward her. But what she hadn't seen from the back, was that her ex, Alex was completely impaled on Nick's absolutely absurd cock, handcuffs dangling from his wrists, his weight completely upheld by the rigidity of Nick's member. His tiny cock was shooting out streams of cum, and his eyes were completely rolled back in his head as Nick started to pound into him from a standing pose. Alex's cum fell in strings over Stacy's downward facing dog.

Nick pivoted Alex on his dick, so that Alex could wrap his arms around Nick in a kind of loving embrace. They started making out, and Stacy somehow felt jealous of Nick. The romance that was going on between the mouths of Nick and Alex, however, was completely contrasted by the sheer depravity of what was going on between their genitalia. Nick's double-digit cock was absolutely defiling Alex's asshole, fucking him mercilessly and mechanically. As Nick's cock somehow grew as it tensed, a visible current ran from the back of his hips, down through his balls, which suddenly vibrated, and then outward along his veiny shaft, till it suddenly met Alex's anus. The cum absolutely flew up Alex's body, and Stacy could swear that she saw his eyes turn completely white for a moment. As Nick retracted slowly, Alex's body slowly relaxed, which was at the exact moment that Nick pumped into him one final time, driving the cum even farther up, at least it felt, to Alex's brain. 

Nick retracted one final time, dragging with effort his hulking member out of how far it was stuck up Alex's asshole. Finally, it popped out, and Alex felt the incredible amount of cum in his body slowly start to slide down toward its exit: his asshole. It was just as the cum neared that threshold, that two cocks suddenly slid back into Alex's asshole, taking the wind out of him, and pumping the cum again deep back up into him.

Nick sat down next to Stacy to watch Andrew and Marco start to piston up into the completely slack form of Alex, his eyes swimming madly in cum. Stacy looked over at Nick's still impressive black cock, glistening from Alex's sweat and droplets of cum. She dared not ask for a taste.

The sounds of the fuck were absolutely lewd. Alex's thick bum cheeks smacking the stomach of Marco, while his dick smushed up against Andrew's six pack, rubbing up and down the muscles, and squirting every now and then another stream of cum from Alex's radically shriveled balls. When Andrew slipped out, his cock shivering with an orgasm about to arrive, and Marco, feeling the long drag of Andrew's cock along his own, along with the wet grip of Alex's ass, pulled his cock out as well, feeling an orgasm creeping from the base of his balls. As they both withdrew, Alex's stomach bulged, then completely emptied, cum pouring out of his ass uncontrollably.

Nick, suddenly rigid again from having allowed Stacy to clean off his dick for the next fucking of her ex, sprang up from the sofa and suddenly three trembling cocks surrounded Alex's face, each smelling deliciously of his ass. They draped their dicks over his face, covering him in cock, then started to slowly rub their cocks up and down his face, gently along his nose and cheeks, till each slowly withdrew, and deposited gentle loads into his mouth, each in turn, with serious deposits into their cum bank, as Alex came pathetically with each dose.

Stacy watched with horror as Alex swallowed his final load from Nick, then went back to his cock, nuzzled up his lips into the opening of the head of Nick's cock, then darted out a little tongue to extract one last drop of cum from deep inside Nick's dick. The look that came over Alex's face when he got that last drop was one of sheer happiness. He then cozied up to the three guys on the couch, laying prone across their laps, his little bum propped up toward Stacy, pink asshole still gaping and panting out cum. Nick, Andrew and Marco's hands rested on different parts of his body, declaring their ownership of him.

He looked mischievously at Stacy, "Sorry, but I couldn't let you take these cocks away from me with your little girl cunt. These boys need a hole that's actually tight," he winked.

He then relaxed back into the arms of the guys, sighing, "Even for a slut like myself, I really got pushed to my limits today. My whole body feels like one long asshole right now. So sore, I don't think I could be fucked again until tomorrow."

Stacy looked over at him regrettably. 

"I didn't think it would have to come to this," she sighed back at him, pulling out from her suitcase a strap on and donning it—matching her lingerie—somehow larger than Nick's cock, and coming toward him.

The 3 guys suddenly pushed Alex off them onto the cum-covered floor, where he attempted to flee from Stacy, but couldn't get any traction in his own cum. Slipping and sliding, he tried to progress toward the door, but Stacy caught him by the hair, and suddenly something the size of a football was at the doorway of his asshole, pressing into him.

His cock couldn't even squirt anymore, just spasming, as Stacy's cock pushed inside him. Stacy's clit was doing the same as she slid into the cabin bitch.