 The news had been predicting snow for days but when Sammy woke up and looked out the window, there was nothing. The sky was grey and cloudy and Sammy's breath began to fog the window pane. He wiped it away with the sleeve of his shirt, feeling the cold glass against his hand.

It was supposed to be the storm of the century but not a single snowflake had fallen.

Sammy wandered down the stairs in just his underwear and t-shirt. The small, cotton briefs hugged his hips and barely covered his ass as he sleepily sat down on the couch.

It was only the third day of winter vacation and Sammy was already bored to tears. At college, he had finally felt normal. Nobody judging him, looking at him weird. Being back home made all of that disappear. Sammy was skinny, with feminine features. His high school bully had even once mistaken him for a girl.

Sammy reached for the newspaper on the coffee table. The headline screamed SNOW STORM ARRIVES FRIDAY. He flipped through the pages until he came across an advertisement for a yoga studio.

Maybe his hometown was finally catching up to the rest of the world. The advertisement mentioned free morning classes for new comers on weekdays. Sammy looked up at the clock. 

He rushed to his room and pulled a pair of yoga pants on, feeling them grip his perky ass tightly, then he slipped on candy-cane colored Christmas socks and a hoodie that was way too big.

Sammy rushed through the cold to his car. He blasted the heat the entire way to the yoga studio, trying desperately to warm up. He parked across from the yoga studio and then climbed the stairs to the top floor of the building. It grew hotter and hotter until he finally reached the top.

The studio had wood floors and the walls were mirrored but there were no windows. The room was empty. Sammy stood, panting. It must have been at least 110 degrees in the studio.

"Hello? Is anyone here?"

"One second." called a deep voice.

Suddenly a large, tall figure appeared from the back room. He must have been in his forties and had dark black hair. He wore fitted athletic shorts and tight shirt that gripped his large muscles.

The man extended his hand.

Sammy reached out, feeling the man's large hand clasp around his.

"Nice to meet you. I'm Jack."

"I'm Sammy. Umm is the yoga class still happening?"

"Today is hot yoga, but it hasn't been very popular. Looks like you are the only taker."

Sammy felt Jack's eyes on him. Jack towered over his slender frame and Sammy had to look up to make eye contact.

"I guess so."

"Well, why don't we get started."

Jack turned towards the wall, turning a small dial.

"Let's start with downward dog."

Sammy pulled his hoodie over his head and tossed it on the ground. Sweat started to bead on his forehead and dropped into the ground as he unrolled his yoga mat. Sammy bent over, palms flat on the ground, his ass up in the air.

Jack walked behind the boy and stared.

"Keep your back straight."

Sammy struggled to follow the direction, wiggling his butt up in the air. Then he felt Jack's hand on him. Jack grabbed Sammy's thigh in one hand and then pressed on his back with the other.

"Perfect. Just like that. Now hold the pose."

Jack admired the boy's ass. He carefully pulled out his phone, snapping a picture.

"Keep holding."

Sammy's arms began go shake and his legs burn.

"Good. Now walk your hands back up and stand up straight."

Sammy panted and looked at himself in the mirror. He had sweat through his yoga pants and they were sticking tightly to his body.

"Now bend at the hips. Palms flat on the floor."

Sammy bent over with ease.

"You're a very flexible boy, Sammy. Now down further. Get your head between your ankles."

Jack approached Sammy again, standing just a few inches behind him.

"Sammy, you're soaked. Should I turn down the heat?"

"No, no. I'm okay."

He felt Jack's hands on his waist as Jack squatted behind him. Sammy looked up at Jack from between his legs.

"Since it's just us. Why don't I help you take these off?"

Jack slide his fingers under the elastic and tugged at Sammy's yoga pants.

"Umm."

"It will be much cooler."

Jack pulled them down over the boy's round ass, then down his slender legs, revealing a tight pair of sky blue boy-short undies. Sammy lifted one foot and Jack helped him step completely out of the yoga pants.

Sammy stayed bent over, wearing nothing but his Christmas socks, his tiny underwear and a t-shirt that barely covered his belly-button.

"Perfect. Now let's see what else you can do. On your knees."

Sammy did as he was told, dropping to his knees.

"Get on all fours. Doggystyle. Arch that back."

Jack pulled out his phone and snapped another picture.

"Good. Now stick that ass up higher."

Sammy arched his back, his booty sticking out, holding the position.

"Now up off your knees. Back into downward dog. Good little pup. Now hold it."

Sammy's arms were burning. He was starting to sway and he wasn't sure how much longer he could stay in position.

Jack stared at the boy's perfect ass. The soft blue cotton underwear was barely able to contain the boy's perky cheeks, which spilled out the sides. The longer the boy held the pose, the more his underwear rode up into his ass.

Jack had been turned on since the second the little slut came through the door. The tight yoga pants and those cute socks. As far as Jack was concerned, the boy was his for the taking.

"I don't know if I can stay like this much longer." Sammy whined.

"You can do it."

Sammy was shaking, barely able to hold himself up. Sweat ran down his legs and dripped off his forehead onto the yoga mat. He couldn't believe it. This was the worst yoga class he had ever taken. Sammy wanted to impress Jack but this was bullshit. This wasn't yoga.

Sammy looked up at Jack in the mirror. He stared at Jack's crotch, eyeing the outline of the man's cock. It stretched down Jack's athletic shorts and Sammy guessed it must have been at least eight inches.

Sammy was getting desperate for cock. He had met a guy at school who was on the basketball team and demanded they keep things a secret. He would text Sammy in the middle of the night, begging for Sammy's mouth. Sammy needed more.

Jack looked down at his watch. The boy had been sticking his little ass up in the air for almost ten minutes. Jack imagined Sammy tied up in his bed. He imagined Sammy's plump lips wrapped around the tip of his cock.

"I can't do it much longer."

Sammy's face was red and finally his hand slipped and he fell onto his stomach.

"Get back up, boy."

Shakily, Sammy pushed himself back into position. What an obedient little bitch, Jack thought.

"Are we going to do any actual yoga?"

"What did you say?"

Jack walked in front of Sammy, straddling the boy's head.

"I'm teaching you to control your body."

Jack reached down and grabbed the waist-band of Sammy's undies, pulling the boy's ass up higher into the air. Sammy was on his tippy toes, hardly able to support himself until Jack let go of the boy's shorts, letting them snap against his ass. Sammy collapsed back onto the ground, right at Jack's feet.

"I can't do this. I'm leaving." 

Sammy got onto his knees, his face almost rubbing against Jack's thigh. Then he climbed to his feet, grabbed his belongings and headed for the door.

...

The boy had been gone for less than a minute when Jack heard footsteps coming up the stairs. 

Sammy appeared in the doorway.

"What's wrong, boy?"

"There's a foot of snow. My car won't move."

"Well, good thing you're back. You forgot to pay."

"The ad in the paper said free first class for newcomers."

"That's for regular yoga. You know how much it cost to heat this place? Of course you don't, you little snowflake."

Sammy looked down at his feet. He had been in such a rush to leave, he hadn't even put his yoga pants on.

"I don't have my wallet. I thought it was going to be free."

Jack walked slowly towards Sammy, looking down at the small boy.

"You thought it was going to be free. I bet you are used to getting whatever you want, huh?"

"I'm sorry."

Jack pushed even closer to Sammy, backing him slowly against the wall of the studio. 

"I'll come back and pay you. I promise."

Jack reached out and grabbed the boy's hair, pulling it hard.

"Oh really?"

The tip of Jack's cock strained against his athletic shorts and Sammy felt it graze against his tummy.

"And why should I trust you?"

Jack pressed his weight against the boy, pinning him against the wall.

"Because...uhh...because I'm a good boy."

Jack pulled the boy's hair harder and turned him around, looking into the boy's eyes through the mirror.

"You're a spoiled little brat. But Daddy is going to change that."

Jack pressed his bulge against Sammy's perfect little ass and then slid his hand up the boy's shirt. Sammy let out a moan as Jack teased his nipples.

"You're going to do exactly as I say. Isn't that right?"

"Yes Daddy."

Sammy's new Daddy held him close and Sammy started to wiggle his hips up and down. 

"That's it, you little bitch. Work that ass on Daddy's cock."

Jack put his hand on Sammy's hips and began to slide the boy's underwear down. Sammy's perfect, round asscheeks spilled out of the shorts.

"That's a perfect little ass, pup."

Sammy gazed at Jack in the mirror. Then Jack pulled out his phone again.

"Smile boy."

He snapped another picture.

"What are you doing?"

Jack grabbed Sammy's throat, pressing his face against the mirror.

"I'm going to show everyone in town what a little slut you are."

"Please. Please don't do that."

"Get on your knees then. Give me a good reason not to." 

Sammy dropped to his knees. His heart was pounding. He couldn't believe what was happening, but the thought of Jack sending around dirty photos of him sent his brain spinning.

"You know what to do, boy."

Sammy pawed at the bulge in Jack's shirts, grabbing the fabric around the massive shaft. The boy felt Jack's cock through his shorts and then Jack stepped closer, right against the boy's face.

Reaching into Jack's shorts, Sammy wrapped his small hand around the shaft. The boy pulled down Jack's shorts with his other hand, revealing 8 inches of throbbing cock. 

The tip glistened in front of Sammy's lips and slowly looked up Jack, opening his mouth as wide as he could. The boy stuck out his tongue, licking the shaft slowly.

"What hot little mouth." Jack groaned.

"It's all yours, Daddy."

Jack put his hands on the wall as Sammy wrapped his soft lips around the tip. Jack pressed his hips forwarding, sliding his cock deeper into Sammy's mouth. The boy hardly resisted and Jack got almost half his cock down Sammy's throat in the first thrust.

Sammy gagged on the cock, his mouth starting to drool. Jack slowly pulled out then thrust in even deeper, pressing Sammy's head back against the mirror wall.

"That mouth is perfect, little pup. Keep going. Slobber on that cock like a good little bitch."

Sammy did as he was told, trying ti desperately to take the cock even deeper. His eyes began to water. It was so hit in the studio and he could barely breath. Jack pressed his cock further and held himself deep in Sammy's throat.

"Are you going to be a good boy for Daddy?"

Sammy choked, nodding his head weakly. Sammy's vision began to blur when finally, Jack pulled out of his throat. Sammy gasp, desperate for air.

Jack stood over him, pumping his cock into his fist.

"You like having that big cock buried in your throat?"

"Yea Daddy."

"Have you ever had a man cum all over your cute little face?"

"No sir. But I want it. I want to feel all your hot sticky cum spray all over me."

"Good slut. Keep talking."

"Does Daddy like my whiny little voice? Could you tell how desperate I was for cock when i first got here?"

Sammy bit his lip and rubbed his nipples under his shirt. His cock was rock hard and was leaking precum all over.

"Does Daddy like what a flexible boy I am?"

"I do."

"You know Daddy, maybe after you cover my cute little face in cum. I could put on a little show for you."

Sammy looked up at Jack.

"Please Daddy. Cum on my face. Make me a messy boy."

Jack let out a deep moan and Sammy felt a splash of cum on his cheek. Then a thicker one. Then a massive rope landed near Sammy's eye.

The boy closed his eyes and Jack jerked his cock furiously, shooting his thick, milky cum all over the boy's face.

Sammy opened his eyes, smiling.

"Good job, slut."

"Thank you, Daddy."

Jack help up his camera once again, taking a photo of the boy's cum covered face. Sammy licked his lips.

"When's my next class, Daddy?"

...