 The Bathroom

I work for many different clients in quite a variety of venues all over north Texas. I had a weeks worth of work in the Dallas area at one of the local hotels. While there I noticed that one of the bathrooms on the lobby level had a huge closet like bathroom in it. It had a real door with slats in it for real privacy. There was also some music playing for ambience and to cover up any sounds (disgusting or otherwise) that might occur in a bathroom. It gave me pause for thought.

I came up with a plan. My plan was to go to the Men Looking For Men personals on the craigslist site and put out an ad saying where I would be and what time. I even put a picture of my cock as well as a description of myself and what I was looking for. I posted the ad three days, then two days, then one day before it would happen just for maximum exposure. Here's the ad:

"Downstairs at the XXX Hotel there is a semi private bathroom where it's possible a meet and greet could happen. I have never actually sucked a cock but have had many a fantasy about doing it. 

I am 5'10", Caucasian and so so on the weight. I have blonde hair and blue eyes. I am about 7.5" long and uncircumcised.

Please, you be similar, Caucasian and with a nice sized (clean)6.5-8.5 inch cock. You must be drug and disease free as I am. Thanks and I look forward to meeting you between these time frames: 2pm-3pm on Fri. 04/20/07. Send me a face pic and a cock pic before you show up."

With that I was set. Our event was done by 10 am and the hotel would probably pretty much clear out. My flight wasn't scheduled until the next day so I would have plenty of time. I made it a point to not check my email account until I got off work each day just to add to the suspense. 

There were the usual responses such as "I gota bi 14 inch cock for you to face fuck with" or even the classic one "Once you take my big black anaconda you won't want little white cocks ever again". 

These I barely read, much less responded to. I wasn't looking for a redneck illiterate or for a "black anaconda". Maybe later, but not initially. I wanted my first bi experience to be kinder and gentler than that. It turned out later that I was an idiot for thinking that.

To tell the truth, there just didn't seem to be a whole lot of interest other than the idiots I already mentioned. Talk about being disappointed.

So, the big day finally arrived and everything went well for a last day. The last two sessions actually got cancelled so we struck everything early and got it loaded out by noon. I went and had a bite to eat and then back to my room where I took a nice long shower and got ready. I had big butterflies going on. I wasn't sure I could go through with this. By 1:45 pm I was pacing my room and I finally just headed down there.

When I got there it was a big letdown. No one was there. Of course, it was 10 minutes until 2pm so I was early. I waited for perhaps 5 minutes and I lost my nerve. I opened the door and started to step out and as I turned around there was someone there. He was pretty well built, a little on the slim side but still muscular. He had sandy blond hair and blue eyes. If I had a favorite kind of guy this one would be it I guess. Well, except for a dark haired guy with some moderate chest hair. That would have been nice as well.

He looked at me and inquired if I knew anything about Texan065. I wanted to run. I am sure he could see the panic in my eyes as I nodded. He smiled and gently pushed me back into the private stall. He didn't say a word as he put his hands on my shoulders and gently pressed down. I knew what he wanted and I slowly sank to my knees still unsure if I was going to do this or not. I mean, I could have left right then. Couldn't I? After I was down on my knees he gestured to the front of his pants and smiled.

Shakingly, I reached up and unzipped his pants. Then I reached in and felt pubic hair. He had no underwear on. I could already feel him growing as I gently pulled his cock out of his pants. I thought to myself that this was the true moment of truth as I surveyed it. I decided to go for it. I leaned forward and with the tip of my tongue I touched it. It jumped a little at the contact, but I didn't really get a good taste or feel. So I did it again only this time I began to just run my tongue up and down the length of it finally ending up at the head. I put it in my mouth and just swirled my tongue around. It got fully hard rather quickly after this. I loved the way this warm fleshy morsel filled my mouth. It just felt good. It felt right. So, I put as much in my mouth as possible. I didn't quite gag but, I came close.

Then I took it out of my mouth and began rubbing my lips all over it and tracing the veins with my tongue. It got to about 6 or 7 inches. He was circumcised so it slipped in and out of my mouth easily. He began to gently thrust into my mouth. Then he placed his hands on my head and pulled out, he lifted up his cock and pulled me back in. I took the silent hint and began to use the tip of my tongue on his hanging balls. He let go of his cock and it fell on my face. I loved how that felt. I felt like a slut for his cock and his balls with it rubbing my face like that as I sucked his balls. I let it rub up and down. I loved the way it felt on my face, like a heavy slab of meat. My nose was buried in his pubic hair and I could literally smell his masculinity. Then I took him back into my mouth and I began plunging my mouth up and down like I had seen in the porn flicks. 

He began fucking my mouth faster and faster. It didn't take long before his pre-cum was filling my mouth. It tasted pretty sweet I thought. I loved it. I wanted more of it. Then he began spurting his cum into mouth. His cock had just the head of it in when the first spurt released. So I tasted it all right there on my tongue. I wasn't prepared for that. I mean, I had wanted it, but I wasn't prepared for as much as what he released and when he released it. Some came out onto my chin. Then he rammed it back in and more came out this time going straight down my throat. He had thrust it all the way in and the head actually went past my tonsils and his balls hit my chin. His back arched as he came with three more spurts. Some of it I tasted and some went directly down my throat. One his hands went to wall to help support him as he stood there weak-kneed with his cock in my mouth. I kept sucking gently and cleaning him off. I used the tip of his cock to scoop what I had on my chin and placed it into my mouth.

Finally, he gestured towards the front of his pants again and I reluctantly took the silent hint and gently placed his cock back in his pants and then zipped him up. I decided right there and then that I liked doing this and I would definitely do this again. I got up and stretched as he turned and opened the door and walked out. There were a few guys standing around quietly and as soon as he walked out one of them turned and walked in and shut the door behind him.

He just looked at me and then simply said, "Get on your knees slut." And I did it. There was no real forcefulness to it, but I felt compelled to do so. Then he said, "You know what to do, so do it."

And I repeated what had happened before with the first guy. Except for a few details. The second guy was more like 9 inches long and I never was able to take it all in. And he just wanted me to suck him off. He didn't want me sucking his balls or anything like that. His cock got hard fast and he just grabbed my head and began pumping. He too was circumcised. But the next guy wasn't. Before it was all said and done, I was in that stall for about an hour or so and I sucked at least 7 or 8 cocks. Each of a various size and shape and taste and even smell. Everyone came in clean, but still some smelled a little different than the rest. 

Then the last one showed up. I say he was the last one because of two things. First, he was a cop in uniform. Second, he was a big black man. I mean, he was about 6'4" and very muscular. When I saw him it was in fear and trepidation. That bathroom cleared out so fast that you wouldn't have believed it without seeing it. I thought, "Oh crap, I am going to jail." Then he stepped in and shut the door behind him. He said, "Stand up and place your hands on the wall."

I did and he began to frisk me gently but thoroughly. He got to my cock and he took longer to feel up and down. It was almost like he was feeling how hard I was. And, I was as hard as a rock. I hadn't received any touching from any of the guys I had sucked off. As his hands were busy on my body his lips and face nuzzled into my neck right below my ear and he brought his lips up to ear and whispered, "Are you ready for some black meat now?" As I got shivers from his breathy attention, I just nodded.

Once he was satisfied he said, "Then turn around and get on your knees cocksucker." After I did he undid the front of his pants and reached in and down and began hauling this monster of a cock out. The head already had pre-cum all over it and he proceeded to rub it all over my face and lips. After he got me all slick and coated with it, then he placed the tip on my licks and said, "Time to suck my Black Anaconda." I thought to myself, "Oh crap, the email I barely looked at."

And I opened my lips wide and began to work my tired mouth and lips up and down his huge cock. I had already sucked down juice from 7 or 8 cocks. Based on how much pre-cum the big cop was leaking, I was gonna drown in the stuff. He told me that he didn't have much time as he needed to get back on duty. I hadn't noticed it before, but the music that had been covering all the noise we had been making had shut off and the sound of his cock sliding in and out of my wet mouth and his big ball sack hitting my chin was reverberating in the small toilet closet. I knew that anyone outside could probably hear us. He didn't seem to care. Every now and then he would take his cock out and rub it all over my face. It felt like a huge wet coiled muscular snake against my skin.

He was right though, once he truly got started it didn't take him very long. He stuck it about midway in my mouth where the head was just laying right in the middle of my tongue and he wrapped one of big fists around his shaft and he began stroking it. Then he let out a moan and he began spurting. And spurting and spurting. Unlike the rest of the guys who fucked my mouth, he didn't quit in three or four spurts. There was so much sperm that I couldn't come near swallowing it all and it leaked copiously around his cock and got all over my chest. Finally after about the tenth or eleventh spurt he slowed down and let out a big sigh. Then he stroked it one more time and I swear the sweetest taste I have ever had in my mouth was that last bit of his cum that came rolling out of his big dick. Even though my mouth was tired, I made sure he was cleaned off and that every last drop had been gotten out of him. Then I tucked him back into his pants and zipped him up. I stood up on weak knees. As I looked him in the eye he looked down and then back up. He grinned and said, "You came in your pants. Next time you might want to take them off. Maybe next time I'll show what it truly means to be fucked by my anaconda."

I reached down and sure enough, I had cum in my pants. I wish I had known that. In giving my attention to his big dick I had completely forgotten my own need and so I hadn't been able to enjoy it when it came. But, I looked at him and said, "There ain't no way on this green earth that you are ever going to get that thing near my ass."

He just grinned even bigger and said, "Never say never." Then he handed me a card that had the nickname Black Anaconda and his email address on it and he turned and walked out. There were some guys standing outside but when they saw the size of the cop who walked out they scattered like quail. 

I took my bag of stuff into another closet and began to clean up in the sink and change clothes. I reflected on what had happened to me today. I never expected that 7 or 8 guys would fuck my face. I thought at most only a couple of guys might show up. I certainly never expected the big black guy to show up. I decided that overall I really liked sucking cock. I liked the feel of them getting hard in my mouth. I liked the way the balls felt nestled on my tongue. And I liked the way they felt when they exploded and spurted all over my tongue and down my throat. I especially loved the taste of that delicious cum and the way it just kind of slid down into my throat. I didn't know when I would be back in Dallas again, but I would definitely keep the business cards I had been given and I would give them a call and see about a repeat.

Please vote. Those of who write these stories do so more for your enjoyment than anything else. One of the ways we measure how good we did was by your voting. So, please, take 5 seconds to vote. Not just for mine, but for all that you read. Please and Thank You!!