 Steve and I agreed that I would show up at the hotel room early and wait for him there. I found our room and looked around. It was kind of big with a nice large bed and a great view of the city. Steve had definitely gotten his money worth. I looked at my watch. Five o'clock. I had a full hour until he got there. I was nervous. It was the first time either of us would be doing this, and I didn't know what to expect. I decided I could use a shower.

The bathroom was large and had a gigantic shower stall. It looked as though you could fit six people in there. That might be fun, I thought.

The great thing about hotel showers is that they never run out of hot water. I let it pour over me for a long time, thinking about what was going to happen. My cock started stiffening. I lathered it up and began to stroke. No, I decided, better save it. I finished washing and dried off with one of the big fluffy towels. I put on one of the complimentary robes and looked around the bathroom. The hotel had supplied a shaving kit, complete with an electric razor. I could use a shave, I thought to myself.

After I had shaved I took off the robe and had a good long look at myself in the full-length mirror. A mix of thoughts went through my mind; I wish I were an inch taller, I wish I had lost a few pounds before today. I wish my cock were an inch longer...

My balls were really hairy. I started to run my hands through the hair. I started to remember how I used to have them. God that felt so good. And it made me look a little longer. I saw myself grinning in the mirror. I looked at the clock. I still had another half hour or so. I grabbed the electric razor and turned it on. The buzzing against my cock made it tingle with delight. I laughed as the long black hair fell into the trashcan. In no time the area around my dick was prickly with stubble. I grabbed the shaving cream and lathered up. It was cool and soothing. The razor dragged across the skin exposing a smoothness. I held the tip of my cock and ran the razor across its bottom removing all the hair. I shave my balls, pulling them tight so as not to miss anything.

I looked at my self again. My cock looked younger, fresher. Longer. More powerful.

A knock on the door distracted my thoughts. I grabbed the robe and threw it on as I opened the door. There was Steve.

"Hi," he said.

"Hi."

I had always thought of Steve as handsome before, but now, for the first time, I found him truly sexy. I wanted him badly.

"Have you been waiting long?" he asked.

"No, just about an hour," I said.

"Good," he said, putting the brown paper bag that he had brought with him on the dresser.

"Well," I said, "how do we start?"

Steve recommended that we have a drink, just to get relaxed. I was nervous, even though I wanted this to happen. He poured a rum and coke for each of us and stood behind the hotel room bar drinking his, while I sat on the bed, sipping mine. I could taste the rum; it was strong without being overpowering.

"Do you not like it?" he asked.

"No. I mean it's fine, really. I just don't want to drink it to quickly. I want to be able to stay focused."

He just smiled in return. I patted a spot next to me on the bed. He came over and sat beside me. I could smell his body through his clothes. It was an intoxicating smell that I had never noticed before. I turned to look at him. It felt as if I had never been this physically close to another man before. He started to lean toward me. I got the cue and leaned into him. It seemed like an eternity passed as we got closer and closer to one another. Our lips met, causing an explosion to course through out my entire body.

Kissing a man was different than I had expected. It wasn't like kissing a woman. I could feel the budding stubble scraping my upper lip. It was oddly nice. We kissed each other for some time, first close mouthed, then open. He cautiously let his tongue roam the inside of my mouth. It was warm and delicious. We pulled apart.

"Are you ok?" he asked me.

"Yes."

He started to undo his tie. Following his lead, I stood up and disrobed.

When we were both undressed, we stood there for a long moment looking at each other. His body was not muscular, but it wasn't really fat either. He had a light trace of hair on his chest, and a thin trail that started on his belly and ran down to his cock.

It was the first time I had ever seen another hard-on before, and it was beautiful. His erection was long and, thick looking. I was surprised to be seeing another man naked like this, so I looked away and noticed for the first time that I, too, was hard.

"I see you shave yours," he said.

"Yeah..." I managed, a little embarrassed.

"I like it," he said as he bent down to kiss me.

Before I knew it my hands were running along his arms and back. I stopped kissing him and gently pushed him to lie down on the bed. I watched as my hands trace along his thighs. They felt strong and manly. I gently ran a finger across his balls, the skin tightening as I did. He let out a sigh of pleasure and I could feel myself stiffening even more.

I put my right hand around his shaft, feeling it for the first time. It was different than holding my own cock. I began to gently tug the skin up and down, like I did when I stroked myself. He closed his eyes and tensed up. His breathing became heavy, labored. I bent down and licked the underneath of his man hood. He moaned in pleasure. It felt so wonderful on my tongue. I parted my lips and accepted him into my mouth. He filled it so full; I didn't think I had room for my teeth and tongue! He moaned again, pushing himself into me further. I was sucking a man's cock and I loved it!

I began to move my head up and down, feeling him slide in and out between my lips. He was moaning and breathing faster and faster, and I could feel my self getting harder and harder. Suddenly he let out a short growl and I felt his hot come burst in my mouth. It was sweet, and salty, not at all what I had expected. I tried greedily to swallow it all.

He pulled him self out of my mouth and reached over to stroke my cock. In an instant his mouth was around it, taking it all.

Sensations rippled through my body. I had never had a blowjob this intense before and in no time I was coming. Steve drank it all and smiled at me.

I looked at his cock and noticed that it was begging to sag. I was surprised at how sad this made me. I turned so that I was on my back, looking up at the bottom of his member. I put his balls in my mouth while running my hand along his cock. It sprang back to life instantly.

"Mmm. That feels so good," he said.

I looked up at him.

"Fuck me," I said. "I want to feel you deep inside me."

"Are you sure?"

"Please. I've never been so sure in my life. Fuck me."

He went over to the dresser and opened the bag he had brought with him. He pulled out a large tube and brought it over to the bed. He opened it a poured a large amount of a clear thick liquid into his hands. He rubbed some over my cock, sliding his fingers around me. He trailed his hand down my balls.

"Lift up," he said.

I did as I was told and spread my legs apart. I could feel his hands circling around my asshole. His finger found it and he gently pushed inside. It felt so good. He pushed his finger in and out steadily.

After a few minutes, I began to feel really relaxed, and even hornier than ever before. He knelt in front of me. He poured some of the lube onto his cock. When it was good and wet, he positioned himself between my legs. His cock head found the spot and I tightened, reflexively.

"Relax," he said.

I took a deep breath and he pushed himself inside. I felt an explosion of pain and whimpered a little. He smiled and pushed in further. The pain turned into pleasure as I could feel him pushing into me, his stomach pressed up against my cock. It felt so wonderful to have him inside of me. He pushed in and out rhythmically. I was enjoying being fucked.

"Harder," I begged.

He pushed into me so hard I thought I was going to pass out. All the while, his stomach was moving against my lube cock, sending sensations all throughout my body.

It was too much. I came, screaming out so loudly I thought I would cause him to go deaf. He pulled out and looked at me with a hungry look on his face.

"Get on your knees."

I obeyed and soon he was in me again, this time without any problems. I could feels his balls slapping against mine, and it caused my cock to stiffen again. Lightening bolts coursed through my body as he grabbed onto my sides and fucked me like a wild beast.

"Oh, yes. Fuck me. That feels so good." It was so intense I felt like I was beginning to cry.

I could feel him stiffen and heard him moaning. He quickened his pace and shot his load deep inside of me. I pushed back against him, to take it all.

He pulled out of me in one swift movement. I turned around and we started kissing again. My cock throbbing, almost to the point of pain.

He saw it and began stroking it. I looked into his eyes and he knew what I wanted. He handed me the lube and got onto his knees.

I lubed up my hand and stuck a finger in his ass. It was warm and tight.

"More," he demanded.

I added a second finger.

"Oh," he groaned.

"Does that hurt?"

"No. It feels good. Really good."

I decide to go for it and slipped my entire hand into his ass.

"Oh, God. What are doing to me?"

"I'm sorry," I pulled my hand out.

"No, I love it!"

I began sliding my hand in and out. He moaned more and more. My cock was pounding even more now.

I couldn't take it any more. I mounted him and in deft movement my cock was crammed all the way inside of him.

"Yes, please, he cried.

His ass swallowed my cock tightly, making me moan in pleasure. I fucked him with a ferociousness I never knew I had. I reached down and began stroking his limp but still moist cock, causing it to swell. I pounded into him, both of us moaning. Suddenly I felt him throb and I could feel it welling inside of me.

"Oh, I'm coming," I said.

And we both came at the same time, me inside of Steve while he came all over the sheets.

I laid there for a long while, thinking of how the two of us had just fucked a man for the first time. Then I drifted of to sleep...