 I was completely exhausted as I stumbled into the hotel lobby. After a three hour delay on the tarmac, a missed connecting flight and a cab drive through some of the thickest traffic imaginable, I just needed some quality shut-eye.

Sex was the furthest thought on my tired brain. 

"Room 321, sir." said the hotel clerk. "Can I get someone to assist you with your...oh I see...just the one bag..."

"Yeah, one bag. Simple stuff." I said, half asleep.

"If you need anything, just dial 0-8 for the front desk."

As I dragged myself to the elevators, I glanced at the pool and sauna. It wasn't an immediate pick-me up, but the more I thought of a nice slow swim and vegging in the sauna, the more excited I became. It would be a tremendous way to relax and end the day. 

However, I still needed to get to my room, change and resist the temptation of simply crashing in bed. 

The elevator raced to the 3rd floor and my room was located directly across from the ice machine. Normally, this would be exciting for those nights of mixed drinks and partying, but there would be none of that tonight. 

I decided to change into my swimtrunks and go for a quick swim - the water seemed to almost invite me and it was difficult to pass up. 

The pool was absolutely perfect...warm, wet and provided my muscles with the perfect stretch. While floating in the deep end, I noticed an incredibly gorgeous woman in her 50's. Her body was riveting. Not a single flaw for an older woman. Yes, her face was a bit aged, but the fact that her body was so tight, it made her face somehow more attractive. 

She rose from her lounge chair and slunk into the shallow end. I quickly removed my wedding ring, placing it in the zipped pocket of my trunks, and swam toward her.

"This water feels great, doesn't it?" I asked.

"Excuse me?" she snapped.

"The water - it feels great...nice and warm."

"Yeah, it feels fine. It would feel better if you would stop staring at me."

"Got it. No need to freak out..." I quickly swam to the surface of the pool, in search of my pride.

With my eyes closed (never been able to swim with them open), I accidentally swam straight into a rather impressive looking gentleman. 

"Whoa...sorry about that." I screamed.

"Not a problem." he said, half giggling. "Looks like it's not your night tonight."

"What's that?"

"I overheard your girl up there - dissing you. It's alright, she has a female 'companion' and I don't think she wants anything to do with the opposite sex."

"Wow...she's a lesbian?"

"Apparently. Why does that surprise you?"

"I don't know. Good question. I guess it doesn't surprise me, as much as it might turn me on a little."

"Now that surprises me."

"Why does THAT surprise you?"

"I've never understood why men are attracted to lesbians but are completely grossed out by two gay guys"

"This conversation is getting a little deep"

"I can show you deep if you would like."

"What the hell does that mean?"

"Nothing...nothing..." he said, "I thought maybe you were bi."

"Bi?" I asked, shocked. "Look man...have a nice night. This ain for me."

Needless to say, I was a little shocked. However, at the same time, I was slightly intrigued. Not necessarily in the idea of having sex with a man (though I have certainly thought about sucking a cock before), instead, I was intrigued with the rather casual way he asked for sex. 

It was a simple line and - bingo - we would have been having sex. It seemed awfully quick to the point, something I was not used to when pursuing women.

I looked back at the pool and noticed that he was gone. As I toweled off, I began thinking of what it would be like with a man. I fantasized about a no-frills, one-night affair with a great looking guy. Just suck a nice meaty cock and say good-bye. The thoughts quickly went away. Time to hit the sack. 

As I walked away, I noticed the sauna. It seemed like a perfect way to relax and calm down. I entered and noticed I was alone.

Sitting in the back corner of the sauna, my mind was racing. Hot chick at the pool...hot dude hits on me...fantasy about sucking a cock...it was a lot to handle! I got up and decided to lock the door.

I walked over to the door with a noticeably hard cock. Thankfully, I was alone. Or so I thought. 

"Are you going to lock us both in here?"

"Fuck! You scared the shit out of me." I screamed. "I thought I was alone in here."

"It's foggy...maybe you didn't see me."

"It's you!"

"Yeah, sorry about that. We keep running into each other."

I quietly went back to the corner and minded my own business. But I couldn't help but notice that my new little friend was naked. I didn't want to say word, because deep down, I wanted to see his cock. I was nervous as hell and kept telling myself to just walk out. But I couldn't. Within a few moments, I saw him...stand...erect. He walked over to the door and locked it.

I wanted to scream...wanted to ask what the hell he was doing. 

But I didn't.

I sat there...hoping and praying that he would start masturbating. Sure enough, through the fog, I saw him rub himself. It was very subtle, almost as if he were hiding it from me. As soon as it had begun, it was over. He got up and left. 

I sat there with the biggest hard-on of my life. But I was too scared to cum, so I quickly got up and left the sauna. I had a one track mind - get up to the room and rub one out.

I nearly ran down the hall and grabbed the first empty elevator. On an extraordinarily long ride to the 12th floor, I almost came in my pants.

As the door slid open, there he stood.

He pushed me back into the elevator.

"Let's finish this."

"Hey man, I'm not into this...I can't be doing this...I just want to..."

He wasn't listening to any of it. He was already on his knees.

With all the courage in the world, I leaned down and said, "Just not here. Can we go to a room?" "I thought you would never ask."

We quickly went down the hall to his room. As we walked, the only sound was wet flip-flops...not a single word between us. He had a devilish little grin that was oddly attractive to me.

As we walked into the room, he dead bolted the room behind us.

"Can we take this really slow?" I asked. "I'm kinda new to this, and nervous as hell. In fact, I would prefer to leave the lights off."

"No problem."

"By the way, what's your name?"

"Spence."

"Hi Spence, I'm Brad."

Before I knew it, I was sitting on the bed of the hotel and taking my pants off. He was down to his underwear and had slipped off his shirt. His rippled chest was even more attractive than it was at the pool. I wanted to rub my fingers across his six packs and flick his perfect nipples with my tongue. His biceps were just about perfect. 

As he came over to my face, he said, "Take my underwear off...please...I want you to experience it for all its worth, Brad. You are going to fall in love with the sight of your first cock!"

Spence was right. As slipped his white cotton briefs off his waist, his perfect cock slipped out and snapped to attention. Indeed, it was perfect. His head was reddish-pink, and his entire region was shaved.

What came next was something that - to this day -I cannot believe happened. With a reckless abandon, I asked, "Spence? Can I take your cock in my mouth?"

I couldn't believe that I even asked him that question, much less that I was holding his cock.

"Fuck yeah. Take all of me."

And all of him I did. It was incredible. I was sucking and flicking my tongue like a true pro. All of the porn was finally paying off. I ran my tongue down his shaft, spit on his head and threw his meat to the back of my throat. I was absolutely loving every inch of him. 

I looked up and saw his head fluttering with delight. 

"Mmmm...fuck Brad! Are you sure you haven't done this before?"

I didn't answer. I was too busy spitting, sucking and gagging. I couldn't get enough. The taste of his pre-cum was so delicious that I almost came. He tasted salty, sweet and even a little spicy. 

"FUCK! Shit man, I'm about to cum Brad..."

Hearing his moans and smelling his alcohol breath was so intoxicating.

"I'm gonna cum man...any minute..."

I looked up at him, took my mouth out of his manhood and screamed, "Fucking cum on my face dude...let me taste your load!"

I have no idea where my raw sexual tone came from, but I was too far down the road to care. "Here it cums man...FUCK YEAH....I'm cumming man....aahhhh..."

His cum sprayed me in the face. It was so incredibly warm and so intense that I had to move my hand down to my cock and rub myself. I soaked up every last drop with my tongue.

Before I knew it, Spence had pushed me down on the bed. He jumped next to me and started kissing me. I was falling head over heels for this fucking stranger and wanted to just grab his head and suck every inch of his tongue with mine. 

We made out like madmen for what seemed like five minutes.

"Can I fuck your ass?" I asked, with no clue what the fuck I was doing.

"Thought you'd never ask!"

"I need some lotion or something."

Before I even got to the word 'lotion', he whipped out some sort of magic tube he had stashed in the drawer. He took the lotion and rubbed it all over my cock and inserted the tube in his ass. He firmly squeezed, shuttered and said, "Fuck away baby!" 

As laid down, I noticed his chest...sweaty and strong. I paused and started licking his sweat drenched nipples. I rubbed my face across his chest and licked the sweat. I quickly brought my sweat-drenched tongue to his. We made out for another two minutes...chest on top of chest...our cocks rubbing against each other. I straightened myself and said, "Can you guide me through this Spence?"

"Absolutely man. It's so easy. Just put yourself in and fuck me like the bitch that I am."

As he said that, he leaned up and kissed my left nipple.

I inserted my cock and it felt unfuckingbelieveable. It was incredibly tight and enveloped my entire dick. I started fucking like there was no tomorrow. In and out...in and out...grabbing his ass cheeks and pulling him close...in and out....staring at his hair, now dripping with sweat. He was enjoying every moment, as was I. 

However, I couldn't stand it anymore.

"I am gonna cum man! I gotta cum."

I pulled my cock out and he slid down the bed. I aimed my dick right at his mouth and he caught every single drop my cum in his mouth. 

As I was rubbing the last few strokes, he was already back on his knees, facing me. He opened my mouth and deep kissed me, depositing all of my cum into my mouth. I swallowed every drop, as he licked my lips.

We fell back to the bed and nearly fell asleep. Twenty minutes went by. Spence said nothing. I said nothing. 

And almost on cue, we both reached for each others cocks. W were ready for more. And more is exactly what we did - all night.