 This story includes alcohol, seduction, and the kind of sex that might make you squirm in your seat if you're reading this on your laptop during the middle of a college literature class lecture. Pick your moment of enjoyment carefully. 

Alec and Ronan tossed and turned beside each other in the hot hotel bed sheets as their drunken stupors had yet to even come close to wearing off.

In the second bed some five feet away from theirs, their girlfriend's slept soundly off of their two bottles of wine and sleep masks.

The boys had made quite an embarrassing show of themselves at the last bar of the night and the pursuing fight with the ladies had lasted all the way back to the resort until the girls had said they had had enough and as punishment, the boys would be sleeping with each other that night.

It was supposed to be a fun spring break vacation for the ages. The two couples had known each other all through college thanks to their shared majors and the idea of doing a fun, Cancun resort for Spring Break had sounded like an amazing idea.

It was the first night of their weeklong stay at the all-inclusive property and the guys had gone too hard and too fast on all the available tequila shots and beer going around.

By the time they'd finished their night at one of the many on-property bars, they were sloshed and giving their ladies all sorts of problems.

After helping them avoid getting in a fight, apologizing after an entire spilled table of drinks, and just generally making sure they didn't wander off into Mexico somewhere, the girls were at their wit's end.

Once they'd gotten back to the room the decision had already been made. After forcing both of the guys to take showers to wash off the stink of their sweat and suntan lotion and spilled beer, the girls stripped down to their panties and t-shirts, hopped into bed together, and told the guys to sleep off their assholery in the other bed.

The eye-masks were put on, the window was left open for the sounds of the nearby ocean waves, and the boys were left to climb into the other bed themselves.

They'd each thrown on a pair of boxer-briefs after the shower but that was it. They were drunk and it didn't really matter.

The guys were bummed that they wouldn't be getting any on their first night of vacation. They had even joked with each other earlier that day about the fact that they'd be having a side-by-side fucking contest due to the shared room setup. Who could make their girlfriend cum first? Who could make their girl moan the loudest? Now it was all for not.

Their girlfriend's were a couple of college knockouts. Abby was Alec's girlfriend—the witty college senior with the straightened bangs and the ass for days and the sarcasm of her older brothers. Jenna was Ronan's muse—the reformed punk girl who was brilliantly smart and covered with Suicide Girl tattoos and full of big ideas. Both girls were sexy and clever and ready to burst out into the world's workplaces and change some shit for real.

But for now they were four frisky adults on Spring Break in Mexico with a bag full of mind-altering substances and week full of party plans ahead of them. Unfortunately, those plans hadn't included Alec and Ronan being this idiotic on their very first night in town.

And so the boys tossed and turned beside each other as they tried to fall asleep.

Alec had his back to Ronan as he slept on his side facing the girl's bed.

His brain was still tequila-fuzzy and he absent-mindedly played with his boxer-sheathed hard-on below the covers as the alcohol and his young hormones did what they always do. Ronan too was feeling the horny buzz of the booze running through him. He was lying on his side facing Alec, and because Alec was facing away from him he pulled his cock out and began to lightly jack himself.

He hoped that if he did it silently enough Alec wouldn't notice.

Alec was still rubbing his own cock through his boxers and was really feeling it. He was so wasted. He felt the bed shaking a little and realized slowly through his fog that Ronan was jacking off.

Well, he thought, if Ronan was jacking off he was going to, too. Alec slipped his boxers all the way off and was fairly obvious about it. He didn't care if Ronan knew since he obviously hadn't cared that Alec was in the same bed when he started playing with himself. Once Alec was naked he kicked the sheet off of him to expose his ass and also so he could jack off easier. He was still on his side facing away from Ronan and now both boys jacked off as silently as they could together in the dark. They both seemed to understand the horniness of their situation and it was kind of almost like a bonding experience through their drunken haze.

You could only see a little bit in the room due to some path lights outside the windows of their big, two story suite that they'd booked at the fancy resort. But it was enough for Ronan to see the silhouette of his friend's exposed ass as they jacked off together.

They did this for a while quietly, jacking themselves very slowly, almost as if they were edging together.

For anyone that's ever tried to jack off in a room with other people (summer camp, sleepovers, etc), you'd know that it's a very delicate procedure. The boys took their time and enjoyed the way it felt to play with themselves knowing that they both knew the other was playing right next to them. Alec liked knowing that Ronan was hard and jacking off right behind him. And Ronan kind of liked that he got to stare at his friend's ass while he jacked off...that was hot for some reason. A sexy ass was a sexy ass in the end.

Ronan wasn't exactly sure why he did this, but he scooted closer to Alec's side of the bed. Alec could feel the bed shift weights in that familiar way. He knew that Ronan had gotten closer.

Then Alec did something strange and he wasn't even sure why he did it exactly. He pushed his own body back a little bit. And for some reason, he pushed his ass back the most.

They continued to subtly shake the bed as they jacked off. It seemed like with each new passing minute, some new centimeter of space between them would be swallowed up by some unexplainable sort of tractor beam.

Alec could feel Ronan's breath now near his neck, and he could hear the light fwapping noise of his friend's hand moving up and down on his cock. He was so rock hard from their closeness.

Then Ronan pressed his crotch forward a little bit and Alec could feel his friend's cock bump his ass cheek. For whatever reason, Alec didn't flinch or scoot away. He pressed his ass back to get more of Ronan's cock against him. The boys were practically holding their breath now. Alec lightly played with his cock as he felt his friend's dick for the first time against his body. What the fuck was going on? This was crazy. But he liked it.

Ronan was getting crazy horny now. Alec's round buttocks was rubbing up and down against his dick as they both grinded against each other in the darkness of that hotel suite, trying to stay as quiet as they could so as not to wake the girls.

Ronan reached out and placed his hand on Alec's ass. He massaged it for the first time and Alec bit into his own finger as he tried not to freak out. He was horny and scared and had no idea where this was coming from.

Alec felt Ronan's sizable cockhead as it pressed up against his asshole for the first time.

OH MY GOD!!!! WERE THEY ABOUT TO HAVE SEX???

Alec didn't even realize that's where this might be leading...he thought it was just a mutual sort of masturbation thing...but now he couldn't stop thinking about it. He pressed his ass back against his friend's cock again. He liked the way it felt wedged up against his hole like this. He was so nervous and turned on all at once.

Then he felt Ronan take his hand off of his ass for a moment. Ronan brought it up to his mouth and silently slobbered some big globs of his saliva onto his fingers and then brought them down to Alec's asshole. He massaged his spit into his buddy's waiting orifice and Alec gasped as he tried to slow down his breathing. He instantly understood what Ronan was doing.

Ronan covered his own cock with his spit too, and then he slid down Alec's body and pressed up against him fully as he placed his cock at the entrance of his friend's hole again. Alec grasped his pillow and put his mouth against it as he felt Ronan push the head of his swelled cock into his opening for the first time.

He was so big. He pushed the head past Alec's sphincter and it took every fiber of his being not to moan out in painful lust from this shocking invasion. Alec couldn't believe that he actually had a cock in his ass. He had a cock in his ass and he wasn't turned off by the idea. Ronan was so hard from the incredible tightness of his friend's booty. He rocked back and forth a little as Alec enjoyed the little thrusts of his friend's first few inches.

Then Ronan brought a hand up over Alec's mouth and he pushed further into him. Alec moaned a little and Ronan leaned in to whisper "shhh" in his ear as his first six inches were now inside his friend's ass.

He held his hand to Alec's mouth and then seven inches were inside of him.

He nibbled on Alec's earlobe and then eight inches were inside of him.

He kissed Alec's neck when the final half inch had pressed into him and Alec could feel his friend's ball-sack pressed against his ass.

Fuck.

This was...

Fuck.

Ronan pulled out half way, and then pressed back in fully. He fucked Alec like this for a while. He opened him up dutifully, making the thrusts stay deep and allowing his ass to fully flower around its first cock. Alec's mouth stayed open and his eyes stayed closed and rolled up into the back of his head as Ronan pushed a finger into his mouth. Alec sucked on Ronan's finger like he was sucking on a cock, and Ronan suddenly realized that Alec would definitely suck on his cock if he made him. This was getting hotter by the nanosecond.

Ronan began to pull out a little further and push back in a little harder. They were thankful the bed didn't have loud springs. The only sound was that of shifting sheets, but it was quiet enough to not wake the girls so long as Alec could keep his moans muffled.

Ronan began a sloshy plopping into his buddy's buns as he continued to apply spit provided from Alec's own mouth down to his cock as he took his best friend completely from behind.

Ronan couldn't believe how hot it was to fuck a guy's ass or that his friend was so willingly taking a cock for that matter. But there would be time for all that shit later. All that mattered right now was that they were both extremely horned up and loving this forbidden romp while their girlfriend's slept soundly in the bed right next to theirs.

Alec had been fingered before by Abby during a particularly kinky blowjob...but that was his only experience with having something in his ass. He hadn't even considered the possibility. But here, in this spring break bed only feet from his passed out girlfriend, his best friend's cock was showing him the joys of prostate stimulation over and over and over again. He only wished that he could moan out louder from how good it felt. But that made it even hotter...not just being fucked by a guy...but doing it in sneaky silence.

Boys will be boys after all.

Ronan was bringing his cock all the way out and all the way back in and Alec started to jack his cock off along with the amazingly full feeling of his ass.

Alec was delirious. He was so turned on and his cock was throbbing harder than it had in a long time. This was like first-time sex kinda hard. He jacked his cock off in time with Ronan's impaling manhood. He loved the way his friend filled him up so completely. It was the strangest pleasure he'd ever experienced—pain and tingling nerve-endings made their presence known for the first time ever.

"I'm gonna cum soon," Ronan whispered into Alec's ear and Alec was so fucking turned on by that. He was not only being fucked for the first time ever...he was being fucked bareback...and he was about to take another guy's cum in his ass for the first time in his life. That blew his mind.

He could feel his own cock getting close.

He gyrated his ass back on Ronan's cock as Ronan began to really stuff him. The sheets were really swishing now as they both hurtled towards completion.

"Fucckkkkkk," Ronan whispered into Alec's hairline as his monster of a cock exploded into his friend's ass.

Alec road him all the way through his orgasm and soon felt his own cock ready to explode. He clamped down as he held Ronan's cock all the way inside of him and pressed up against his sensitive prostate as he wildly splooged all over his chest and belly. He came so much and he sucked on two of Ronan's fingers all the way through his own orgasm.

Ronan kept his cock inside of buddy's ass and ran his hand down to play with Alec's cum all over his chest. He covered his fingers in the salty cream and brought them back up to put them in Alec's mouth.

Alec sucked his own cum down for the first time because that's what Ronan wanted him to do. It was as simple as that.

The boys lay there together as Ronan's cock slowly deflated, still inside of Alec's butt.

After they'd fully come down from their crazy orgasms, Ronan grabbed the sheet and pulled it over them completely.

The booze and the exhaustion of the day and the amazing aftermath of their unexpected late-night fuck had them falling asleep immediately.

Within minutes they had started to drift off, still naked beneath the sheets together, and their minds danced off to the dreamlands of what had just happened.

A couple of feet away, Abby was coming down from an orgasm of her own. Jenna's fingers were still inserted into her pussy from behind and her own hand rested against her clit where she had been rubbing herself for the past five minutes.

The girls had woken up unexpectedly from Alec's poorly hidden noises. The boys didn't realize how loud they were actually being due to how drunk they were. They also couldn't see the girl's faces in the dark of the room, but the light from the window lit up the boy's bed enough that both Abby and Jenna could see what they were up to.

Jenna had scooted up behind Abby after both girls had woken up from the noise. "I think they're fooling around with each other." She had whispered as silently as she could in her friend's ear. Abby couldn't believe it. Jenna couldn't either. But, they were incredibly turned on by the sight.

The girls were lying in a mirrored position of the boys and rather than stop them and ruin their fun, they watched in silence as Ronan began to press more of his cock into Alec's ass.

The girls both gasped a little as they saw the boys slowly begin to fuck. Jenna's hand was holding Abby's on the top of her panty-line as they enjoyed the show they were being given.

"Looks like your boyfriend is really enjoying my boyfriend's cock," she whispered ever so silently into Abby's ear. Abby could feel her pussy becoming very wet as they watched Alec being split in two by his first ever breeding.

Abby reached her hand into her panties and began to play with herself and Jenna took the opportunity to massage her friend's soft, round booty over her tight cotton boy shorts. Both girls were incredibly turned on by their masculine men having sex with each other. It was unexpectedly epic in the kinkiest of ways.

Jenna realized that Abby was really getting into playing with herself while they watched and she began to grind her own pussy into her friend's leg from behind. The girls entwined their legs as Abby lay more on her stomach now and spread her legs. Her hand was still pressed down into her panties as she rubbed her clit. She was watching her boyfriend's face as he took his first cock. It was erotic as fuck.

Jenna spread her own legs over Abby's left leg and began to grind against her and the girls were really getting horny now.

Abby felt Jenna's hand slip between her legs to rub her wet pussy lips through the thin cotton of her soft bedtime panties.

Abby gasped a little as her friend played with her. She was so revved up from the gay fuck show going on in front of them. The boys had no idea the girls were awake and loving every second of this.

Suddenly Abby felt Jenna pulling her panties down over her ass and she was totally fine with that. The girls were getting kinkier with each other now too. The boys weren't the only ones allowed to have their fun.

Abby gasped into the pillow as she felt Jenna's fingers rub against her wet lips for the first time. She got them lubed with her juices and then slipped two fingers into horny her horny slit. Abby wanted to moan but she was kept her nerve. She was so turned on.

Jenna rubbed her wet thong up and down on the back of Abby's thigh as she fingered her friend. They had made out before at a party and had some very close cuddle sessions, but they had never done anything like this.

Then as Abby saw what looked like Alec getting close to climax, she couldn't hold back anymore. Her orgasm ripped through her body as Jenna expertly fingered her dripping pussy as she rubbed her clit in time with Alec's own jacking motions.

She shuddered as she came hard all the way through Ronan and Alec's own orgasms. Jenna felt her own pussy pulsing as both girls made themselves cum as they watched their boys have their first guy-on-guy sexual experience. It was the most erotic thing they'd ever seen in their lives. The girls breathed in and out heavily as the boys did the same over on their bed.

They were amazed as they watched them both drift off to sleep quickly. They alcohol and the sexual exhaustion had completely done them in.

Abby rolled over to face Jenna after Jenna had removed her fingers from her friend's sexy pussy. They lay on their sides facing each other now.

"Oh. My. God." Abby said in a whisper as the girls looked at each other deviously.

"That was fucking hot." Jenna said, and Abby heartily agreed.

"Do you wanna take a shower? The boys are totally out, they won't wake up until morning from all that booze in their systems."

"Fuck yes!" Jenna said and the girls hopped up, newly energized from what they'd just witnessed and what they'd just done.

They shut the large sliding door of their suites bathroom and slipped all of their clothes off. Jenna looked very sexy—soft white skin covered in sexy tattoos up her legs and arms. Abby was much more tanned—much more the innocent looking of the two of them, but good Lord she had an ass of a sex goddess. They'd been naked with each other plenty of times before, and they'd just fooled around with each other for the first time ever so they were feeling pretty comfortable with each other's nude female form.

They stood next to each other in the spray of the water and allowed themselves to become enveloped in the steam of the room.

"Has Alec ever done anything with a guy before?" Jenna asked as she grabbed the body wash they'd brought with them on the trip.

"No! Never...he's never talked about any sort of fantasy like that before...trust me, I'd know, we talk about sex all the time. What about Ronan?" Abby asked, as she took the bottle from Jenna's hand and squirted a big glob of the stuff out onto her own hands.

"Never. Totally straight. Would never do anything with a guy as far as I would've guessed." Jenna stated as she began rubbing herself with the sudsy soap. Abby too began to lather herself up with the expensive body wash and the girls found their eyes drifting over each other's bodies as they washed themselves.

Jenna reached out and began to rub Abby's body and Abby did the same and soon the girls were washing each other in a sexy, intimate sort of way.

"I thought it was so fucking sexy...watching them fuck like that." Jenna said, as her hands rubbed over Abby's breasts.
