 I was in the city for a business trip, but wanted to spend some time serving cock while I was there! I am a married bi guy who is married to a great woman, but I have another side... I am a submissive, cocksucking whore for men! I love sucking and taking cock, cum, piss and spit. I love being dominated, humiliated and degraded. I am a genuine cum, piss and spit whore!

I checked in and immediately posted an ad on Craigslist (the good old days!) advertising that I was available for men to use and posted a picture of me locked in my chastity cage. 

I love being locked and find it makes me extremely horny and ready to serve! Even when I cum from being fucked, the cage keeps me on edge and ready for dirty man on man sex!

I soon started getting responses, one was from a older guy who was in the same hotel! He wanted a willing mouth and I sent him my room number. Five minutes later he was knocking on the door! 

I opened the door to find a man in his 60's, lean and rugged looking standing there. I was naked except for my cage. He looked me up and down and spoke.

"Invite me in bitch." 

I stepped back and said, "come in Sir." 

He stepped in enough to close the door and told me to get his cock out. I dropped to my knees and unbuckled his belt and undid his slacks as his bulge continued to grow. 

I ran my hands over his boxer shorts, feeling the large, half hard cock in his shorts. He was about 5" and only partially hard. I leaned forward and began to mouth his cock thru the thin material. 

He told me to pull his cock out and I slid his boxers down, exposing his beautiful cut cock! I looked up into his steely, gray eyes and ran my tongue over the slit in his plump cock head. 

"Your going to be my little bitch you filthy cocksucker." He said as I took the head of his cock on my tongue, then into my mouth. 

He wasted no time in putting his hands on the back of my head and quickly started thrusting his hardening cock into my eager mouth! 

"I don't have much time faggot." He said as he began thrusting into my mouth and as he hardened in my throat.

I dutifully put my hands behind my back and began taking his cock deep in my throat! Despite his age, he soon developed a rock hard, 7" cock!

He fucked my throat for several minutes, calling me a faggot, bitch and cum dump as he used my throat roughly. 

He challenged my gag reflex and my ability to breathe, frequently making me gag and choke for air! He did not let up, but relentlessly fucked my throat!

He began to speed up and before I knew he was ready, he grunted, "Take it all faggot!" As he unloaded in my throat. 

I swallowed as fast as I could and kept up with his release, swallowing every drop. When he had finished, I continued sucking his softening cock, slowing the intensity of my sucking as he deflated. 

Soon he pulled out of my mouth and lightly slapped my face.

"Good faggot, I may come back tomorrow." 

He put his cock away and backed out of the door, leaving me on my knees with my cock swelling painfully in my cage.

After he left, I checked my phone and found another reply. I gave him my room number after confirming I did enjoy piss play and rough sex.

Soon another knock on the door had me ready to serve! I opened the door and found a beautiful, well muscled white guy in his 30's. 

"Ready to go bitch?" He asked me as he pushed his way past me into the room.

"I have to piss faggot." He said as he pulled his average size cock out of his pants.

I was on my knees and took the head of his cock in my mouth. As soon as my lips sealed around the head of his cock, he released his bladder, slow at first, then faster and faster! I swallowed as quick as I could, but some of his piss flowed out of my mouth, down my body and dropped off my swollen caged cock!

Soon his stream slowed and I was able to take all of his flow down my throat. He let out a loud sigh as he pushed his last trickle into my eager mouth. His urine was salty, but good and refreshing! 

I immediately started my transition from urinal to cocksucker and began sucking his swelling cock. He moaned softly as his cock grew to a 6" and fairly thick. 

He stood still as I worked his hard cock with my mouth and tongue. Soon he was breathing rapidly and his breathing became quick and labored. 

I increased my speed and suction as he let out a grunt and filled my mouth with one, two, three strong pulses of orgasm. 

Believing him to be done, I came up for air and was met with a final blast of spunk across my face! I smiled at the thought of my slutty painted face as I sucked him clean! 

After he left, I checked for more messages, his cum drying on my face! 

"19 year old black male, needing to get off" was the next taker. I sent him my room number and sat back to wait.

"Meet me in the lobby now!" Was the message I received. I threw on some shorts and a tee shirt and out of the room I went, forgetting about the cum on my face!

He was sitting in the lobby, wearing shorts, a tank top and a backpack. He looked younger than 19 I thought as I approached him and he stood up. The bulge in his shorts was big and extended half way to the hem of his shorts!

I introduced myself as he stood and he let out a wicked smile.

"Nice makeup!" He said as I realized I had cum from my forehead to my mouth! I blushed and struggled to speak.

"Take me to your room whore." He said as I turned to lead the way. 

As soon as we were past the front desk, he began palming my ass as I walked! We reached the elevator and as soon as the doors closed he pulled me into a kiss.

His tongue invaded my mouth a I returned the kiss and melted into his body. 

"You are over 18?" I asked and he grunted yes as he worked my mouth with his tongue.

The elevator stopped and I led him to my room, his hand on my ass the entire way! As soon as we got in the door he stripped and I did as well.

He was a beautiful sight, his lean, muscular dark body with a thick hanging cock! 

"Get on it!" He said and I took his swelling member deep in my throat! 

Immediately he began fucking my throat and I was lost in the scene, this young ebony Stud using my throat like a whores pussy!

He pulled out of my throat and spun me around, bending me at the waist. Spitting on my hole.

"Use this," I said handing him a condom. He sighed but opened the package and slid the rubber down his 8" cock.

He wasted no time, quickly impaling my white ass with his big black rod! I screamed in pain as he breached my anus and began fucking me in long smooth, powerful strokes!

I felt I would pass out from the mix of pain and pleasure! He slowed his strokes, then sped up, taking me to places I had never been! 

He pulled out and ordered me to lean over the bed. I crawled forward and was soon filled again by his giant black cock!

He fucked me for several minutes before I felt him swell and tense inside me! I could feel his cock spasm and felt the warmth inside me. 

Soon he slowed and pulled out, leaving me feeling empty. 

"Don't fucking move!" He said as he got dressed. I laid there, enjoying that just fucked glow.

When the door closed as he left, I stood up. That's when I felt his warm cum running down my leg! I looked around and saw the discarded condom hanging off of one of the dresser drawers... I smiled as I went to check for messages from other men wanting to use me that night!