 Here by My Side an Angel
Here by My side the Devil
Never turn your back on my
Never turn your back on me again
Here by my side it is Heaven.

-Matthew Good "Weapon"

Hotlanta Chp. 5 All N A Second

As he stood looking trough the glass at Martice, he could only pray he would get him back. It had been a week since he had shown any signs of responding and even that had been what the doctors called reflex movement. As he watched him, he still wondered what had happen. His message said he was meeting with a design customer, but his job said that meetings away from the store weren't allowed so they had no records of any meeting, The Doctors said there where signs of rape, and that made Dre angry, while part of him worried Martice had lied to him, he know he had no room to talk after all here he was the playing the role of Carnak, Prince of lies. During the day, here looking like the loving ever-present boyfriend, and at night, sharing his bed with whomever he felt would ease the pain. "How is he?" she asked as she touched his shoulder. Dre turned smiling to her.

"The same," he said to Ms. Scott. They had not met the way he would have liked; honestly, their first meeting had been kinda rough. She had smacked him within moments of meeting him, but that had been about her pain over her son, who was laying in ICU while his boyfriend appeared to be there with another man. Dre later admitted he had that coming. "How are you?"

"I'm fine Andre," she said simply touching her other hand to glass, her breath fogging the window slightly. They had not become friends in the past month. Honestly, they really did not know how to react to each other, to him she was nothing more then the "Pastor Wife." Unable to accept her son because of what she called a "lifestyle" and to her he was just the man who lured her baby away from everything his family stood for, yet here they stood together with their love for Martice there only common ground.

Hotlanta: All in a Second

By: Asynaka

As the DJ played random song after random song, Jay was downing drink after drink, and he still did not feel any better, in fact he felt worse. Errol would pause ever now and again, "How are you feeling Jay?" he asked as he wiped out another glass, before filling it was SEX, a cheap knock off of that red bull energy drink lots of bars keep on tap and sitting it down in front of his friend. Errol as a bar tender was everyone's best friend and everyone's therapist, but to Jay he was as close to family as he had. Jay had come back to Hotlanta after being gone for a few years to focus on his career in a larger city. There he had done well, but in the end he had found this city was a black hole, and not the kind of black hole he want to bury his face in, but rather the kind you just can't get away from.

"I am fine E, thanks; I think I need to dance," he replied but not really finishing it before his body was moving towards the floor. As he stepped out the music seem to reach farther back as the words of "If that's your Boyfriend" by Me'shell N'degeocello began to play. Jay simply closed his eyes and allowed himself to become loss in the music. As he expressed a slightly more fem side of himself since few wondered about him after watching him dance, not that he was a total girl, but he wasn't nearly as butch on the dance floor, he soon found someone's arm around him from behind, which was shocking in a way and felt good. As he slowly allowed himself to become one with the movements of this person he keep his eyes closed not wanting to see just what troll he had pulled off the wall. This guy could dance that was a plus but it was unlikely he was much of a look since those types seemed to only go fro guys like Errol's friend Dre, the cities biggest player. However Jay had to admit as he danced with this guy he pretended it was the kind of guy he never felt like he would pull, and before he knew it his mind rested on the idea of his ex. Suddenly his eyes opened and he stepped away turning to look at the guy as if he was expecting it to be him, well it wasn't. Before his was a slightly shorter guy who was maybe 5'8½", which was a good three inches next to Jay, but he was thick, this boy was put together like a shithouse. His hair was short and his smile, which the lights set off, was magic. Jay slowly got closer as the music changed and the he just keep dancing. As Jay came back into his arms, the stranger opened his eyes and suddenly Jay was lost. His eyes where hazel and they seemed to see Jay's inner soul, or at least looking into them made his hard as hell. 

"Mike," he said as he pulled Jay closer and keeps dancing. Jay was sure that Mike could feel his rock hard dick against his leg, but Mike did not seem to react he just keep dancing, and rubbing his body against Jay's. 

"I am Jay," he said still mostly lost that this person was grinding with him and that his dick was rock hard and that there was no way this person could not tell but this point. Jay just let his head rest on Mike's shoulder, fuck it he said to himself at this point he should just let it go, and for the first time in his life he did, it let it all go. There where flashes of heat which ran trough his body as their motion became less and less about the beat of the music and more and more about the warmth they both seem to be feeling down below. Slowly Mike leans his head into Jay and softly flicked his tongue across Jay's neck causing just the slightest jump in Jay, who seems to enjoy it all. As he worked his way back to Jays ear Mike clearly know what he was doing, he seemed to know all the right places to touch a guy to make him react, specially a guy like Jay, who didn't seem to know what it was like to be touched in these ways. As the pleasure of Mike's soft yet aggressive touch echoed up and down Jay's spine, he soon found his lips pressed up against Mikes, and with in seconds Mikes tongue slipped past his teeth and into his moth, his hands found their way to the sides of Jays head and in a second, everything changed.

It took Jay a moment to push back from Mike and regain his senses. Mike who clearly wants more is confused as he opens his eyes looking at Jay. "So how much this going to cost me?" Jay said as if he was sure that was the game being run. Mike cocked his head back a bit.

"You think I am a hustler?" he asked with a tone that gave away the insult he was feeling.

"Aren't you?" Jay asked sensing he was wrong and feeling like a bit of an ass.

"Hell no Kat!" as if the first time wasn't bad enough, but the fact this Kat didn't take hint from his reaction but to then keeping pushing the matter. "Look if that's what you're looking for I can roll."

"No!" Jay said quickly trying to fix things, "It's just that I…" he paused he could explain, but that would seal the deal and this guy would be out. No one wanted a self-loathing queen. "Look I am sorry," He finished hoping it would be enough. Mike just stepped back. Jay could tell he had blown his chance here.

"Look I got to roll, but maybe I can get your number" Mike asked. Jay had seen this before, this was the leave them with some hope routine.

"Yeah, sure." Jay said pulling his card from his pocket and handing it to Mike. Dre was right, he was the kinda Kat who need that little bit of hope. "Hit me up sometime," he said as Mike just tossed his head before disappearing into the crowd. Jay was sure he would see him leave with another Kat in the next hour. As he turned and returned to the bar, he could see that the crew was here. Dre was here of course, even while he claimed to love that kid in the hospital he was going to fuck whoever he wanted here tonight. Then there was Errol's brother Ja'don, who was some sort of rapper on the DL, but anyone with eyes could see he was chasing Dre, and then there was Santiago the Rican thug who was the kind of guy you wanted but you know was trouble.

"So what happen?" Dre asked clearly having watched the exchange between them.

"I assumed he was a hustler."

"He wasn't?" Ja'don asked.

"No he wasn't." Jay replied as he sat on the stool, annoyed at the idea Ja'don had though the same thing he had, any guy that fine that bother to talk to him, must be trying to get paid.

"So he was offended?" Dre asked as he finished his drink. The three shot glasses on the bar near him said he did not want to be out late. He was planning to get drunk have his pick of the guys and go home.

"Yeah," Jay said as Santiago patting him on the shoulder.

"Don't sweat it, you can do better." Dre just looked over to Santiago. Santiago was not what you expected for the most part he was 6'2" and nearly 205 with a 36-inch waist. He was Diesel as they called it in all the ways that mattered. He was a street type, one of the hard kinds and that bothered Dre. Santiago was not the type he normally dealt with on a friend level, but he was Ja'don's boy, likely, he was Ja'don's boy on the side and his hook up, but Dre had not pushed the issue. He and Ja'don had so much to clear up, but right now, he needed space, space from Ja'don and the pain. Looking back at the hospital, he wished he had said more, but honestly, there was not time he need to get back to his boy then. Downing his fourth shot he started out onto the floor, and never one to miss a step Ja'don was right behind him until he felt a hand on his wrist. 

"Where the fuck do you think you're going?" Santiago asked pulling Ja'don's tall thin frame into his arms. Ja'don enjoyed how possessive Santiago was, at least around Dre. 

"Let that motherfucker go, you ain't going." Ja'don didn't say a word, Errol was right Dre was in love and even though they had spent all night talking about how it wouldn't work and how he loved Martice, and then the phone call. Ja'don had gone with him to the Hospital still trying just a bit, but the arrival of that crazed black women had ended that. She had seen what his deal was and he slap seemed to have cleared Andre's head too, Ja'don would never admit how hurt he was when Andre had asked, well more like told him to leave. "You don't need that nigga, all you need is right here." he said sliding Ja'don's hand into his pants. Ja'don smiled thinking about what had happen last night and what would have to happen tonight. Santiago was right fuck Dre, he didn't need him after all. They did not say much to anyone as they started towards the door to leave. 

The two of them had spent the ride home getting high, and that always made Santiago horny. It had started this in the car and if it was not for the worry of cops they would have finished it there, lucky for them one of them had a little control. As they walk trough the door Santiago first, Ja'don reach out grabbing his shoulder and turned him then pushing him back against the wall just inside the door. The front door had not even closed when he began to kiss him softly at first and then biting his lower lip. His hands raised the throwback jersey Santiago had on along with the black wife beater. As Ja'don let his more aggressive side show Santiago just smiled, fuck Dre he had no clue what he had given up, Ja'don had cheese, was a freak, and know how to please his papi. No faster then the jersey hit the floor had Ja'don already begin to lick and suck at Santiago's neck. 

Slowly with tongue, working its way down his chest Ja'don loved the taste and scent f Santiago, first making his way to one of his lovers' nipples. His hand slipped into Santiago's pants and slowly he began to stroke the already rock hard dick found within. Santiago was fucking loving it, he know what this meant. While he was the boss between the two of them, it was good sometimes when Ja'don took charge and got things started. As the ripples of joy ran from end to end of Santiago's chest Ja'don keep stroking the manhood he couldn't wait to get into his mouth, was there a part of him who wished it was Dre, yea but Santiago know that and didn't care so this worked for them. 

As Santiago felt the first bit of cold breeze hit his dick, it made him even harder. Then as Ja'don took him into his mouth, damn near swallowing his manhood Santiago simply allowed his eyes to roll into the back of his head. This was just what he wanted, his boy on his knees slurping and sucking on his dick, then the popping sound as it come out and Ja'don took each nut into his mouth and sucked on them just soft enough to drive Santiago crazy. After a few minutes, the sound was too much and Santiago took charge.

Grabbing Ja'don's head, Santiago stopped letting him come up as far and then pushing his head all the way down and holding it there. Ja'don begins to act as if he is swallowing and as his throat tightened around Santiago's 9.5-inch dick what was thick and more then most would try to take deep. Rolling his tongue Ja'don began to suck faster harder and to take it deeper and deeper; Soon Santiago turned forcing Ja'don head against the wall. The thumping sound as he fucked his mouth causing his head to hit the wall could be heard into the hall and after only a few minutes of that, he could not hold it back. His seed began to fill Ja'don's mouth. Santiago looked down and watched, as Ja'don swallowed not wasting any of his papi's seed. As Santiago looked up and over his shoulder, he noticed that they had drawn the eyes of the girl across the hall, Erica. She and Santiago had gotten down in the past, but she found out he had more of a thing for guys then her; she started to have a problem and he just dreaded her. Now here she was standing there watching as Ja'don got up and started towards the back. Santiago did not say anything to her as he stepped out of his pants and wagged his still rock hard dick slightly towards her. Looking towards where Ja'don had walked off to then back to her. He smiled walked to join Ja'don. Half way down the hall he could tell, she had gotten the idea as he heard the door close. As he enters the room, he noticed Ja'don begin to smile. It was not the kind of smile he normally did; this one was a little more evil or cocky. 

As Erica walked into the room already undoing her cloths, Santiago set at the foot of the bed. Ja'don walked over to Eric and began to undo the rest of her cloths. Santiago know Ja'don was not as into girls as he was, but Ja'don was into pleasing Santiago and that is what mattered here. Ja'don began to kiss Erica until she they both were on their knees in front of his king. Erica slowly began to jack Santiago's dick then finally she took it into her mouth. Her lips where wet, hell wetter then Ja'don's, and then she began to make the slurping and sucking sound it was heaven. Up and down, she took Santiago's dick as Ja'don moved behind her and played with his fingers in parts seldom touched by a gay man. Her eyes locked with Santiago as she slide her lips up and down sucking his dick from head to balls, but Santiago know that wasn't going to be enough. Suddenly as she sucked, there was a slight jump as she lifted up, his laugh to himself. 

Ja'don had slid up in her ass, and she was not sure what she had gotten herself into any more but it was too late. Ja'don put his hands of the back of her head pushing her head down and letting it back up quickly. He knew how Santiago liked his dick treated, and he was making sure it happens. Every now in again he would let her pull all the way back to moan or something and he would suck on it himself. After a little while, he finally began to stand with Erica never coming off his dick and without really giving her any warning or say so. She after all was just here to please Santiago to Ja'don, and he did not care about her it was all for papi. Santiago slide back as she climbed on to the bed Ja'don finally sliding out of her. Santiago lifted her onto his dick, which slide up into her wet pussy with ease now. This bitch was tight, and as he went balls deep in that pussy, she began to moan; Ja'don leaned back against the wall watching. He liked to watch bitches work Santiago's dick, and most of all he loved to watch papi put meat in bitched guts.

She started off slow up and down, Santiago's head never coming out she began to roll her hips and moan even more. Santiago reached under her arms and grabbed her shoulders and began to forcing all of himself in and out of her. He started slowly and before long his pace got faster and faster. As she wrapped her legs around him as if she was just trying to stay on for the ride, her pussy began to make noises of its own, a sound that Santiago fuckin' loved so he began to hit it harder and harder. Rolling her onto her back, he began to drill her and she could not handle it, she began to try and crawl away but Santiago just keep drilling her pussy hitting its walls each time, damn she was tight as shit and now she was moaning like a cheap whore. Santiago inhaled just as Ja'don put his finger under his nose letting him smell the pussy he had played in earlier.

That was it Santiago was gone. He began to fuck her harder and harder, the sound, the smell all of it making him drive his manhood deeper and deeper into her cavern until finally she clinches her legs and begins to just scream. She had cum and he roll off her knowing she was finished, she cannot take anymore, but he has just started. He raises his hand and he stands and points to the bed as Ja'don walks over and just lies down. Erica moves onto the floor still trying to catch her breath. Santiago just put a little lube on his finger and begins to work it into Ja'don's ass. Ja'don jumps just a little as he lifts up into the doggie position. Santiago stops finger him and put lube down his dick until the reaches the hairs. Santiago stand behind Ja'don grabbing him hips and without a moments warning rams all of himself deep in. Ja'don moans loudly as if the pain is too much, but Santiago knows better. As he begins to pull Ja'don back and forward Ja'don's ass seems to get tighter and tighter. Ja'don begins to throw it back and Santiago harder and harder rolling him hips up and down taking the entire iron rod inside of him. 

With a few movements Santiago, keep the pace as he turns Ja'don and sits on the bed. Ja'don is now ridding Santiago looking at Erica, who seems shocked to see someone take Santiago so well, but it is only from practice. Their first time Santiago broke Ja'don, and left him crying, but now Ja'don liked the pain of taking all of him man inside of him. Over and over, he rolled his hips moaning and calling out Papi to Santiago who just keep bangin' upward putting all his meat in Ja'don's back. Finally Santiago felt the wet lips of Erica begin to suck on his balls and eat his ass, as Ja'don went up and down on his rod, it had happen his fantasy had happened. Then suddenly Santiago gripped Ja'don pulling him all the way down onto himself and his seed exploded. As Santiago felt all his energy rushing into Ja'don he could hear Ja'don moaning too, looking to Erica whose face was now covered with Ja'don's own, Santiago know he had done what needed to be done. 

As Ja'don just sat there feeling all of Santiago inside him he turned him head to kiss Santiago who was sitting up behind him. It was soft. Erica seems to take the hint that she was done here and gathered her cloths. Normally they would have showered together but Ja'don wanted to wash Santiago this time. Wearing a long white shirt look some sort of slave Ja'don washed every inch of Santiago's body, some inches he personally licked clean, as if he where his personal slave. Ja'don enjoyed pleasing his king, and after a few minutes in the shower Ja'don was sure he was about to please his king again as Santiago simply pushed him down to him knees with his dick rock hard look right at him. Ja'don simply did what he knew he should, and began to suck.

It had been hours and as the last person walked out Dre sat watching Errol his head still spinning from the music and the drinks. "Look as soon as Toni drops by I will drive your drunk ass home," Errol said to Dre sitting with a coke in front of him. Dre did not reply before the banging at the door began. As Errol opened the door in walked, a kat Dre had seen from time to time, but right now he just was not going to place the face. "Toni this is my boy Dre, excuse him he is fucked up." he said with a slightly more ghetto tone then normal. Toni just nodded to Dre. Dre glanced at the kat who was about 5'101/2" with a build that said he worked out a bit, he looked at Dre like he knows him, but it was only for a moment.
