 Casey didn't usually remember his dreams but as he opened his eyes, his mind instantly replayed the scene.

He was on his back, with his hands tied to his ankles. A tall figure stood above him, thrusting a massive cock deep into his ass. It hurt but he wanted it and when he tried to speak, he couldn't get the words out.

When he finally opened his eyes, the room was dark. He was still wrapped in the blanket, curled up on the couch. He pulled the blanket tightly against himself and stared off into the darkness.

He could barely see but he was sure somebody was there.

"Hello?"

There was no response. 

Casey slowly sat up, trying not to make a sound, holding his breath, when he felt something on his throat. His hands groped around his neck and he felt a leather strap.

"What the fuck?"

Casey groped for his phone and opened the camera app. It was a collar. Someone had put a collar on him while he was sleeping. 

It was light pink and in white lettering it said "Daddy's Boy".

Casey's breathing got heavier and then he heard the sound of the shower turning on. He turned towards the hallway where the sound was coming from. A soft glow eminated from under a door on the left.

Casey fumbled for his underwear, pulling them up his legs quickly. His cock had been hard since waking up but the bow he had been wearing must have slipped off while he was asleep.

He tiptoed down the hall towards the door. He had been so horny earlier he never even looked around the rest of the house. 

Casey nervously placed his hand on the door. He pushed it slightly, just enough to see into the steam filled room. In the reflection of the mirror, he could see Michael, completely naked under a stream of water. 

He admired Michael's cock. Even now, completely soft, it hung almost 6.5 inches down his thigh. It looked almost as thick as Casey's wrist and he couldn't help but stare.

Casey wanted to leave. He wanted to take off the collar and go home and forget any of this ever happened.

But he couldn't take his eyes off that cock. He wanted every inch of it. 

Casey softly pushed the door open.

"Hello?"

"Look who finally woke up."

Casey looked down at the floor, embarrassed.

"I think someone needs to get cleaned up."

Casey looked at himself in the mirror. His hair was dishelved and his crop-top was covered in cum stains.

"Why don't you come let Daddy clean you up."

Casey hesitated, then looked back at Daddy's cock. He pulled his shirt over the top of his head, revealing his smooth chest and hard nipples, then he let his undies drop to his ankles.

"Hard already, boy?"

Casey nodded, pulling his socks off and stepping into the shower, the heat sending a tingle up his spine.

Daddy was almost a whole foot taller than Casey and he felt so small next to him. His broad shoulders loomed over Casey's tiny frame.

Casey looked up towards Daddy.

"Did you like watching me play with myself?"

Casey noticed Daddy's cock had begun to stir. 

"I did."

Daddy's squeeed a bottle of minty smelling body wash into his hand and then started to lather Casey's chest. He turned the boy around, wrapping one arm around Casey's neck.

"You were such a good boy, fucking yourself with that big toy."

Hot, soapy water stream down Casey's body. He felt Daddy press up behind him, feeling that long, hard cock against his little ass. Daddy pulled his arm tighter around Casey's neck, forcing him up onto his toes. Daddy's other hand rubbed Casey's chest, down his tummy, stopping just above his cock.

"What a horny boy."

Daddy nibbled at his neck and whispered in his ear.

"Are you going to do exactly what I say?"

"Yes."

Casey cock was throbbing, desperate to be touched. He wiggled his little hips, poking his butt out into Daddy's crotch.

The shaft of Daddy's hard cock pressed between Casey cheeks as Daddy's arm started to choke him. He tried to arch his back, feeling the tip of the massive cock getting closer to his hole.

Daddy's big, soapy hand slithered around Casey's cock and Casey thrust his hips, sliding himself in and out of Daddy's fist.

"Do you like Daddy's big, fat cock pressed up against your ass?"

"Yes Daddy." choked Casey.

...

He had planned on driving up to Vermont for a visit with his regular fucktoy but when he saw the ass on the new boy, he couldn't help himself.

Michael had cued the video up from his IPhone. He could tell Casey was a horny little twink when they had spoken on the phone, but the tiny shorts and the knee socks sealed the deal.

He had driven to a secluded spot further up the beach and watched the boy on his phone. The boy's jaw almost dropped when he first got a look at Michael's massive cock on the screen. He knew he had the boy hooked.

Once the little slut had fallen asleep, Michael headed back to the house. He made no attempts to be quiet but the little slut was a deep sleeper. He ran his finger softly over the boy's pouty lips as he carefully placed the collar around his neck. Such a perfect little thing.

...

He held Casey firmly against himself, letting the boy feel his throbbing cock. The boy's nipples were almost as hard as the boy's dick. Michael pumped the boy's cock in his hand and resisted the urge to shove his cock right up Casey's little ass.

"Please don't stop, Daddy. Keep playing with my cock. Can you feel how hard I am for you?"

"Mmm."

Michael wanted the boy now more than ever but he needed to be patient. He wanted this one fully addicted.

...

Casey could barely breath, Daddy was holding him so tight. He was being lifted off the ground now, and his cock was ready to explode.

"Please Daddy, make me your good boy." Casey squeaked.

Daddy put him down and grabbed him by the hair, tilted his head up.

"Go dry off and get on the bed. I left out something for you to wear."

Casey's cock ached as he stepped out of the shower. He wrapped himself in a towel, his cock making a bulge in the cotten fabric. He stole one more glance at Daddy's cock and then skipped towards the bedroom.

The bedroom had floor to ceiling windows, overlooking the water and the bed was even bigger than it looked in the video. On the edge of the bed was a pair of white knee socks with blue stripes at the top and a blindfold.

Casey sat on the edge of the bed and pulled the socks on. He took one last look in the mirror at his petite little frame and then placed the blindfold over his eyes. He tied it tightly behind his head and then crawled up on the bed.

Casey got on all fours and then stuck his cute bubble butt up in the air. His hard cock dangled between his legs, a small string of precum slowly dripping from the tip. He heard the shower turn off and then slowly started to swing his ass back and forth, waiting patiently for Daddy.