 Meeting men online has never been a problem. Most of them married, white bread, older men whose wives no longer like to suck their cocks. It's been great but sometimes I go for weeks without being able to suck my favorite piece of meat.

Then I read an article here by Giz... He wrote of a man who met up for sex with another man and faced an evening of forced sex with a sexual predator. That gave me an idea, why not go in search of someone who savors having sex with men? Men who are hungry for sex and will not stop until they get what they want, or need.

I started an on-line search for sexual predators in my neighborhood and surrounding cities. Living in Sourthern California I figured the odds were in my favor to find someone who wanted to fully use me but I just couldn't figure out how to find these men. 

As luck would have it, that evening on the 9:00 PM news there was a piece about 17 sexual predators who lived in the same apartment complex, and the dangers they could prove to their surrounding community. 

I quickly drove to the area where the apartment complex was located and walked around for a while watching the residents come and go. There were three TV stations with live remotes, bright lights, all causing quite a commotion. Naturally the neighbors walking by the newscasters were all asked their opinion about having sexual predators in the neighborhood. It was quite a scene and one I wanted to avoid now that I discovered where my targets lived. 

As I watched from the shadows I felt the presence of someone slowly approaching me. I turned and saw a tall black man. He was a priest. 

"Well, my son," he said to me, "whose side are you on?"

"Um. Excuse me?"

"Whose side are you on? Should these men who perpetuated evil against the flesh of others be allowed to congregate together or should they be banished from the community?"

"Oh," I answered. "I'm sorry father. I'm not sure I have an opinion. This is not my neighborhood. From what I understand, the men have all served their time and are looking for a job. I think it may be unfair for them because it seems no matter where they land the community tries to force them out. They need some place to live and to readjust to society, and who is to say just because they did something once they would do it again?"

"Ah, bless you my son. All Gods creatures," he answered. "I'm father Dominic, but you can call me Father Dom. My church is on the other side of the city but I try to get to these men a few times a week to work with their needs and to soothe their souls."

I told the minister how great and rewarding that must be.

"Would you like to join me some time son? I'm actually headed in to meet with one man who is in search of his soul this evening. I am sure seeing an outsider who has an open mind would be refreshing for him."

"Thank you father, but I am not sure how secure I would feel entering a sexual predator's apartment this evening."

"Don't worry about that son," he said gently grabbing my arm and slowly pulling me along with him, "I have my own house of worship here that is very secure. Here, take this bible and walk with me"

We walked slowly past the small crowd of neighbors and television crews and through the gated entry with Father Dom's key. "I'm her so often the management has provided me with what I need and the men need for me to be here," he said as we entered the complex. We walked to the back and up to a darkened room. Over the door was a sign that read "Doms House of Worship."

It was a single bedroom apartment, very tidy, with a large screen TV, a small area for kneeling as if in a church, a clean kitchen and what appeared to be a bedroom, hall closet and bathroom. 

Because of Father Dom's mild manner and spotless office or house of worship, I was totally at ease as he offered me a glass of wine. The taste was familiar, church wine. 

"Let me check my appointment book to see who is scheduled this evening. I know it's late but these are working men and this is the only time we can meet."

I accepted a second glass of wine from Father Dom and after a few sips suddenly felt very tired and very relaxed. 

The next thing I remember was waking from a very deep sleep, trying to remember where in the hell I was. The room was dark. I was on my knees strapped by my wrists above me and a velvet-like pillow under my knees. My mind was foggy and I was frightened because I could not remember where I was or why I was tied up. In fact, I was chilled and realized I wasn't wearing any clothes. 

Then it came to me. I had seen the story on TV tonight about sexual predators and then met Father Dom late this evening and had drank two large glasses of wine before unexpectedly falling asleep. 

I tried to yell out but the only thing that came from my lips was a whisper. "Hello?" My throat was dry, my heard was racing a hundred miles an hour and I was terrified.

Father Dom approached from behind me and walked around. My eyes were beginning to adjust to the dark room, seeing light only from the digital clocks from the appliances in the kitchen, and a single small candle from somewhere behind me.

"Ah, my son, finally awake. I'm ready for your worship to begin," he said as he moved around in front of me. It was dark, and even with the little light in the room it was difficult to see. I could barely make out the silken robe he was wearing and his hands tugging at it to open it. Then I felt something slap at my face. It was hard but warm and soft at the same time. To my horror I realized that Father Dominic was totally nude and his cock was in front of me, at my closed lips. 

"Son, this is my house of worship. It is time for you to begin your worship. Your worship of my cock," he said. "Now, open your lips and take my staff into your mouth and carefully worship it with your lips and tongue, and if I feel any teeth..." I felt his vengence in the form of a hard slap of his left hand across my right cheek. "Well, let's just say you will be suffering an eye for an eye if your teeth harm my staff."

"Father Dom, what have I done to make you force this on me?" 

"My son, I am no longer an ordained minister. I was excommunicated by the church after being sentenced to ten years in prison. Society and the church looks down upon men of God who take their pleasure with boys and men Now, open your damn mouth and suck my cock!"

I had thought this would be so different. Not like this. He had to be 60 years old and damn strong. And he was... He was black! This was not what I expected, so I kept my mouth shut as his cock head pushed at my lips.

I felt his fingers grab my nose. I couldn't breathe so I was forced to open my mouth and when I did his cock rushed in and banged the back of my throat. I gagged but he held my head in place, slowly moving his cock in and out of my mouth, back and forth, slowly getting a little more at a time into my mouth. But each time he reached the back of my throat, I gagged. I noticed his body was warm and he smelled like he had showered recently. He tasted salty of sorts. 

"Son, relax. You can learn to enjoy this. Believe me, I've trained many men like you to suck cock and to enjoy it. I can make this difficult for you or train you to like it. Which will it be?"

My mind quickly reviewed my situation. Tied to a makeshift altar, with no possible escape. No one knows that I am here other than Father Dom. Plus this is what I wanted. To be used by a sexual predator. Someone who wanted sex enough to force me to take it.

I allowed my body to yield and gave myself up to Father Dom, and started sucking his cock, slowly at first, then more and more as I started to get into being held captive by a sexual predator. 

"That's it my son. Now," he said as he backed off, "suck my balls very carefully." 

Sucking cock was one thing, but the thought of sucking balls, a black man's balls at that, terrified me. But I had no choice. My face lowered to his balls, and my tongue licked the underside of his sac. 

"Hey, easy with those damn teeth," he said as he slapped me harder than I thought possible.

I slowly took one into my mouth, doing what he wanted, worshipping his balls like I had his cock. I actually started to like this. It was a bit revolting, but stimulating as well. 

"Son, you're a natural at this."

He fed me one, then the other over what seemed like 30 minutes but was probably more like 10. My jaw was getting tired, my wrists ached from being tied up tight, my knees were getting weary, but I kept up as best I could.

"Okay, let's go into the bedroom for additional worship."

He cut me loose and I fell to the floor. With very little effort he picked me up and carried me into his bedroom, throwing me onto the bed, dropping my body on the bed. 

With me lying on my back he pinned my arms with each leg and lowered his balls to my now open mouth. "It's called tea bagging son, and I love the power it gives me over a man. Now, lick them bitch." 

I did as I was told. This was the most terrified I had ever been. I couldn't move. He had me in a position that he had total control over me. Father Dom moved back and up a bit enough to slip his rock hard 60 year old black cock into my mouth. I'm not sure if he was sexually turned on because I was sucking his cock, or beause he had a what man under his total control. 

I tasted more salty fluid escape the head of his cock as he slowly face fucked me. My mouth was his pussy and it yielded to the massive black cock he fed me with. It was between 7 and 8 inches long, and very hairy. 

"Be my face slut son. Learn to worship black cock. It is what you need in your life son. Taste of my body and flesh son. Taste and relax. Learn to enjoy it. "

For nearly forty minutes his cock remained hard and he sawed it in and out of my mouth, and throat. I'd not been able to deep throat before but he slowly forced me to take his cock into my throat. I got beyond the gag reflex, finally and started to wonder what it was like to be on the other end of this blow job. 

His pace started to quicken, and he seemed out of control as his face fucking motions became more frantic His body started to stiffen, and his cock seemed to swell even more, and suddenly my mouth was filled with something thick, and hot. He was cumming in my mouth. A black man was cumming in my mouth. 

He grabbed my nose again and I had to swallow his load. Actually, I had to swallow three times to get it all down my throat while he moved his hands to the back of my head, pulling my face into his crotch. He stood up and began slapping my face with his cock. "Lick it clean son. Every drop." I did as I was told, and could taste every bitter, salty drop. And I loved every drop that I could taste. I finally felt used and humiliated, what a great feeling.

"You're a cock sucking bitch. I can tell this isn't your first time sucking cock," he said. Words I had always wanted to hear. "But I gather that you're an ass virgin, is that right?" I shook my head Yes. 

My arms were numb from his knees resting on me. I couldn't move, but Father Dom moved, very quickly. Fast enough to secure my wrists and ankles to the bed posts.

"Have you ever eaten ass son?" I shook my head No.

"Have you ever been with more than one man at a time son?" Again, I shook my head No. 

"Have you ever kissed a man son?" No.

"Have you ever been with anyone other than me and white men?" No.

"Good boy. One more question. Have you ever taste a man's piss directly from his cock?" I didn't answser. The shocked look on my face said it all. "Good son, good."

"Now, you rest a bit son, I've got some parishioners headed over here this evening and if you know what's good for you, you will keep your mouth shut. Understand?" 

I nodded my head Yes. 

He walked out into the living area of his house of worship, and turned on some lights. I heard a knock at his front door, and men talking. I could finally make out that there were three new men and they were there to play a weekly card game.

"So Dom, did we see you with some new meat?" 

Gentlemen, I'm a bit down on my luck this week, so if I start losing, I'll have flesh rather than cash, if that's okay with you gentlemen. 

I could hear one of them saying "Great. This ol' hog of mine hasn't had any new man pussy in a very long time. And I'm feelin' a bit lucky tonight Dom." 

All I could make out was laughter and the odor of cigar smoke filling the room shortly before passing out.