 Chapter Seven PRETTY PINK BOTTOMS

The first step on my trip down that path happened one hot Sunday afternoon. 

I had just come out of my bedroom after spending a few hours in the pool. I was wearing a pair of loose fitting boxer shorts which hung low on my butt. I was drying my hair with a towel. 

Mr. Clemons was there to meet me in the hallway with that look on his face. I knew I had done something wrong but couldn't for the life of me think what it could be.

"How was the water?" he asked.

"Great," I said, "You should take a swim. It feels sooo good."

That wasn't at all what he wanted to hear.

"And your suit is hanging up and drying like it's supposed to? In the pool house?"

Oh shit! My bathing suit! I had totally forgotten about hanging up my wet suit and towel.

"Oh God," I said.

"Exactly!" was his response. 

Mr. Clemons took my hand and led me down the hall to the bathroom. I dropped the towel I was holding and stumbled behind him. 

He pulled me into the bathroom and I saw my bathing suit and beach towel lying in a heap in the middle of the floor in a large puddle of water.

"Is that how you're supposed to leave your wet things?"

"No Sir," I replied meekly, "I just forgot."

"Forgot, huh?" he said, pulling me by the hand to his bedroom.

I quickened my steps to keep up with his long strides. 

He was going to spank me. I knew it. I tried to prepare myself. 

We walked into his bedroom. He made me stop in the middle of the room while he pulled something out of a dresser drawer. I couldn't see what it was. 

A belt? Was he going to use a belt to spank me? He'd never done that before. I got a lump in my throat. 

He stood in front of me. There was something in his hand. Whatever it was he holding, it didn't look like a belt.

"Take off your boxers."

I knew better than try to argue with him and, like so many other times before, I complied and slid down my boxers. 

Standing there naked, I waited for my punishment. 

I wasn't pulled across his lap though.

Instead Mr. Clemons handed me what he had been holding tightly in his head.

It was pair of bathing suit bottoms. There wasn't much material and I realized the skimpy little bottoms were girl's bottoms. They were pink and there were strings connecting the two smaller triangle piece to the large triangular piece. 

They were bikini bottoms! PINK girl's bikini bottoms!

Did Mr. Clemons really intend for me to put on girl's bathing suit bottoms?

"They're pink," I said.

"Yes they are. BRIGHT pink," he said, "Maybe the bright color will help you to remember to pick up your things. Go on. Don't just stand there with your mouth open. Put them on."

I lowered the bottoms and stepped into them. I slowly pulled them up my legs and into place. Mr. Clemons watched my every move. 

Even though they were from a girl's bathing suit, the little pink bottoms fit me like they were made for me. The front of the suit hugged my little package perfectly.

The other thing I noticed, which gave me reason for pause, was that unlike my board shorts and underwear, which were getting too tight on me, these girl's bathing suit bottoms fit me perfectly. They stretched across my butt nicely and weren't too tight. 

I also kinda liked the way they looked and felt. 

"Perfect," Mr. Clemons said as he had me spin around for him.

I felt like such a...I don't know...sissy?

"And bend over slightly for me," he said. 

I bent over slightly, feeling his eyes on me. 

"Okay. Stand up straight and face me."

I did as instructed and realized I'd have to pull the back of the suit from my butt crack. I felt like such a girl doing that. 

"Now when you want to go for a swim, you'll wear these and NOTHING but these. You're to throw those ugly board shorts away."

I knew better than to argue. 

"Plus, look at the positive side, Ozzie. Wearing these, you'll get a much better tan on your legs than when you wear those ugly board shorts."

I felt my cock twitch. 

"Well, what do you say?"

"Thank you, Sir."

"For?"

"For my pretty pink bathing suit bottoms, Sir," I said meekly. 

Pretty pink bottoms? What the Hell was wrong with me?

"Go ahead and break them in."

"Sir?"

"Go for a swim. Go on. It's okay."

No spanking? I thought.

I turned and was just stepping out of his bedroom when he said. "And when you're done and ready to come inside?"

I turned to face him because that was the respectful thing to do when an adult was talking to you. It was the proper thing to do.

"I will hang up my towel-"

"And?"

"And my pretty pink bottoms...on the hooks in the bathhouse."

"Good boy." he said with a big grin. 

I was halfway down the stairs when I hear him yell: "And don't forget your hair!"

I quickly ran right back to my room, stopping to pull my suit out of my butt twice, 

grabbed two scrunchies, put my hair into pigtails and went out to the pool.

I swam for about an hour. 

It felt strange to be wearing those girl's bathing suit bottoms but I didn't exactly hate the experience. 

As I walked past the glass door of the boathouse, I caught my reflection. With my girlish pink bottoms and pigtails, I realized I sorta looked like a very flat chested teen girl.

I shrugged it off. 

After my swim, I dried myself off and hung my pretty pink bottoms and beach towel on hooks in the bath house. 

I put on a pair of terry cloth shorts Mr. Clemons had bought me. They were baby blue with white trim. I headed back into the house and up to my room.

I closed my bedroom door, took my little shorts off and looked at myself in the mirror over my dresser.

I had indeed gotten a little sun. My tan line was different though then in the past. There was indeed more color on my legs and you could definitely tell I'd been wearing small bikini-type bottoms. 

I stood there staring at my naked body. I started thinking about wearing the suit for Mr. Clemons in his bedroom. Standing there, modeling them for him. Bending over for him.

I started remembering how he smiled at me. I closed my eyes and rubbed my left nipple. My other hand went further south. I started to play with myself, imagining Mr. Clemons staring at my butt covered by my pretty, pink bottoms. 

I remembered how he stared down at my little package nestled in that pink material. 

Then I imagined him watching me while I swam...while I laid out. 

I imagined him touching himself, as I was doing now, as he watched from the upstairs window. I saw him stroking his big, black cock, with his strong black hands, desiring me in my pretty, pink bottoms.

My eyes were closed and I was licking my lips. 

I was going to cum and quickly grabbed a t-shirt and shot my load into it. I collapsed onto my bed totally spent. 

Mr. Clemons didn't spank me that day. I guess he figured making me wear girl's bathing suit bottoms was enough of a punishment. I can't say I missed the spanking but part of me was a little disappointed. I did love lying across his lap.

For the next five days I'd put on my pretty pink bathing suit bottoms when I went out for a swim or to work on my tan. I'd walk through the house, my hair in pigtails or a high pony tail, like it was completely normal. 

I'd even wear my pretty pink bottoms when I cleaned the pool. I'd walk up and down the length of the pool, pushing the vacuum along, feeling sexy and sassy. 

Once I caught a glimpse of myself in the glass doors which led into the pool house. I was mesmerized by how different I looked. I looked so girlish. I turned my body and studied how my butt looked and moved in those little bottoms. I smiled, thinking I looked cute and sexy. I glanced quickly to the upstairs window. There was nobody there. 

Even though I was enjoying my pretty, pink bottoms. I had to make a small adjustment. 

Mr. Clemons was the one who had noticed. He was always looking out for me.

I was stepping out of my room one morning, heading down to the pool after the housework was done, when Mr. Clemons stopped me at the top of the stairs. 

"Hey, Oz," he said, "I wanted to ask you something."

"Sure, Mr. Clemons," I said all ears.

"Well," he said, "Have considered shaving your pubic hair?"

He asked me in that exact as a matter of fact manner. He wasn't one to beat around the bush. No pun intended.

"My pubic hair?"

"Please don't take this the wrong way," he said, "Believe me. You look amazing in your pretty pink bottoms."

Swoon.

"It's just that a bikini, more specifically, bikini bottoms, require some specific grooming."

I looked down and noticed there were little brown curly hairs sticking from the top of my suit. I suddenly felt ugly and disgusting in front of him.

"Oh my God," I said near tears. 

"Hey, hey, hey," he said sweetly, his hand on my shoulder, "It's an easy fix. I have some creams and a razor. It'll be gone before you know it."

He took my hand and led me to his bathroom. 

"Go ahead and take your pretty pink bottoms off," he said gathering some things from the medicine cabinet. 

I slid my bottoms off and put them on the top of the hamper. 

Mr. Clemons handed me the razor. My hand was shaking. I stared at the ugly clump of hair surrounding my cock and balls. 

"Calm down, Ozzie. You need a steady hand for this."

But I couldn't stop my hand from shaking. 

Mr. Clemons took it from me and asked, "You want me to do it for you?"

"You wouldn't mind?" I asked.

"Not in the least. Just stand still and try to breathe," he said with a warm smile. 

Mr. Clemons warmed a hand towel under warm water. He knelt down and applied it to my crotch. He was gentle. The towel felt good. I stared at the ceiling. 

He then started to rub a cream onto my skin. 

This was a different sensation from when he rubbed salve onto my bottom after my spankings. This was TOTALLY different. 

He was rubbing around my cock and balls. 

I prayed I didn't get an erection.

Mr. Clemons massaged the cream in until I was completely covered down there. Then he took the razor in his hand and started to shave me.

"Steady now," he said. 

It only took a few minutes. He lifted and shifted my baby penis to be able to shave around it. He lifted my little velvet bag and ever-so-carefully removed what hair covered it. 

When he was done, Mr. Clemons stood up and admired his handy work.

"Much better," he said proudly.

I looked down and saw all my hair was now gone. All that remained was smears of shaving cream and the little pink head of my cock right in the middle of it all. 

"Just one last thing to do," he said warming the towel again. When it was wet and warm, Mr. Clemons started to clean me. He was very gentle. He was as careful with as if I was a little baby.

He wiped away the cream, making sure to get every bit. He lifted my penis to clean around it. My heart almost stopped. Again.

His hand went between my legs and I widened my stance to accommodate him. He cleaned my little sack and along the line from my balls to my butt crack. I'm not sure if any shaving cream hadn't gotten there but I didn't tell him. I didn't mind what he was doing. 

"There you go!" he said standing, "Take a look."

He put his hands on my shoulders and spun me towards the large mirror. 

All my pubic hair was gone! Every bit of it. I looked like I was 12. I looked like a little boy down there and wasn't sure how I felt how about that.

"Put your suit on now and tell me how it feels," Mr. Clemons said handing me my pretty pink bottoms. 

I put them on and slid them up my legs. As soon as the satiny material touched my bare skin, I felt a million little lightning bolts shoot through my body.

"Well, it certainly looks better," Mr. Clemons said.

It did. He was right. Again. 

"How does it feel?" he asked, looking at me through the reflection in the mirror.

"Wonderful," was all I could manage to get out. 

"Excellent!" he said giving my butt a playful swat, "Get out there and take a swim!"

From that day on I made sure to keep myself shaved clean. Mr. Clemons even bought me a special shaving cream for shaving that area. It was for girls but I didn't care. It didn't sting and I didn't get razor burn.

I thanked him for thinking of me.

He told me he was always thinking of me.

He was so sweet. He was so generous. He was so good to me.

You want another example of how Mr. Clemons looked out for me?

Well, he stopped me in the hall one sunny day. He had a smirk on his face. He pointed to the front of my suit. 

"Girl's bottoms aren't like boy's suits, Ozzie. When you pee you're going to have to give yourself a wipe. Otherwise-"

I looked down and saw a wet circle on the crotch of my pretty pink bottoms. 

"Oopsie," was all I could manage to say, covering the front of my suit with my right hand.

"And, while we're on the subject, I notice you have a tendency to miss the bowl when you pee."

I did? Probably. Yeah, I was pretty sure I did. 

"I'd like you to sit when you pee from now on," he said with that better-do-what-I-say tone he had perfected. 

"Sit down to pee? Like a girl?" I asked.

"I'd prefer that to you peeing on the floor like a nasty boy."

He waited for me to respond. 

"You don't want to be a nasty boy, do you Ozzie?"

"No, Sir. I don't."

But sitting to pee? I frowned. I pouted. 

"Well, it's either sit to pee or I put you in diapers, because either way you're not going to pee on the bathroom floor anymore," he said half jokingly. 

At least I hoped he was joking. 

"I'll do better, Sir. I promise."

"Well, you say that, but it happens almost every time you relieve yourself. It's nasty and I won't tolerate it. Understand? So from now you will sit to pee and wipe yourself afterwards."

"Yes Sir," I said meekly.

"You understand what?"

"I understand I must now sit to pee," I said, utterly defeated. 

"And?"

"Wipe myself after."

"Because?"

Was he really going to make me say it?

"Because I miss the toilet when I pee and make a mess on the floor and it's nasty and only nasty boys do that and it's either that or Mr. Clemons, you, will put me in diapers because only nasty boys deserve to be in diapers."

There. I said every fucking word. 

Diapers! Like that would ever happen! I didn't care if it meant he he'd kick me out of the house. Nobody was going to put me in a diaper and make me pee in it. 

Gross. 

So from that point on I not only sat to pee but I also wiped myself after like some dumb girl.

As with everything that happened in that house, I got used to the routine of sit, pee and wipe. 

And I seemed to be wearing my pretty little pink bottoms even when I wasn't swimming or laying out. 

Once there was a delivery at the front door and, having just come from the pool, I answered the door in my little pink teasers and nothing else.

That poor UPS driver didn't know where to look or what to do. I had to giggle when I closed the door.

Every now and then I'd pass Mr. Clemons in the kitchen or walk past his office door and I would hear him say things like "Looking good, Ozzie" or "Pink is your color, Ozzie."

I liked hearing things like that. 

I also liked my pretty little bathing suit bottoms. They felt good except for the occasional wedgies they'd give me. When that happened I would slide my fingers inside, hook them on the material and pull them out of my crack. Just like a girl. Then I would smooth them out over my ass. 

I looked good in them too. At least, that's what Mr. Clemons said and hearing his approval was the best part of the whole situation.

I was also getting much better tans. Just like Mr. Clemons had said. 

The contrast now between my brown skin and the stark white triangles around my cock and balls looked sexy. My butt was completely tan because when I laid out on my stomach, I pulled the bottoms up into my crack. 

I know. Sassy, right? What would that UPS driver if he saw me like that? I wondered if his cock would get hard. 

Seeing I was enjoying my pretty, pink bottoms so much, Mr. Clemons surprised me one day with the gift of seven more pairs. They were all different colors. There was white (which looked amazing against my tan) turquoise, yellow, neon green and neon blue and neon pink and black. The pink bottoms had little ruffles across the seat.

I guessed didn't sell just the bottoms of bathing suits and figured somewhere in the house was a box of eight bikini tops.

I had an image of me wearing one of those tops. 

Then the thought vanished.

As I held each delicious little bikini bottom, loving how they felt in my hands and imagining how they would look on me, Mr. Clemons handed me another package. 

I opened like a little kid on Christmas morning and saw a package of girl's panties. 

I looked at him.

"Panties?" I asked. 

"Yes, Ozzie. I noticed how tight your underwear was the other morning when you came out of the bathroom."

It was true.

"And you've said on more than one occasion you loved how the bathing suit bottoms felt so I thought these would be a good substitute for your old underwear."

I looked at the package of panties.

"They're cotton so they'll be comfortable. They're the right size so I know they'll fit. Besides, nobody is going to see them. They're underwear." 

I was flabbergasted. 

"Tell you what," he said, with his hand on my knee, "Try them on. If they don't fit or if you don't like them, we'll take them back."

"But panties?" I said, pleading with eyes.

"Stop thinking about them as panties. They're just underwear."

I stood and started to head up to my room. 

"Where are you going?" he asked with a grin.

"Up to my room to try them on," I said.

"Nonsense," he scoffed, "Try them on here. I'm curious to see your reaction and see how they look on you." 

He stared at me and I began to undress. 

Finally I was standing there naked holding a package of panties. The package said HIPSTER STYLE. I had no idea what that meant. 

I tore it open (so much for returning them!) and pulled out a pair of girl's underpants.

They were white cotton with little blue and green dots on them. The waistband and leg openings were lacy.

I stepped into them and pulled them up my legs. 

I hated to admit it but they did fit me better than my old underwear did. They were comfortable and seemed like they were just my size. They weren't tight between my legs and stretched across my butt comfortably.

I looked at the front of my new underpants...my new pantie...and saw that there was just a tiny bulge in the front. 

"Well?" Mr. Clemons asked. 

"They feel good," I said nervously. 

"Good. It's settled then. Besides they look great on you."

I blushed a little. I always blushed a little when Mr. Clemons complimented me. 

I took my panties and brought them up to my room. I gathered all my ugly old boy underwear and threw them away. Every pair!

I wore panties from that day on. And not just around the house! I wore them out when we went out to dinner or to run errands and even to the gym under my brightly colored little workout shorts.

Did I tell you I added a Zumba fitness class to my workout schedule?

It was so much fun. Once again I was the only guy in a class of 14 women. 

When the instructor said things like "Okay girls! Let's really work up a sweat!" I just had to laugh. 

How was she supposed to remember she had one guy in her class? Imagine all the people she saw every day!

Anyway, the music was fun and I was learning some basic dance moves and improving my sense of rhythm. Some of the girls really liked me and kind of took me under their wings. They would encourage me and show me how to move my body to maximize my workout.  

Zumba was a fun workout and I really did work up a good sweat shaking my booty with the other girls. I mean with the girls.
