 Characters in the story are 18 years of age or older.

*****

Going to the gym was something simple. I loved my body, my muscles, everything was well placed, and I got the looks. I also caught the looks of everybody. I liked that. So maybe I deserved it.

One day, I decided to be the first to go the gym. I never was so early. I really thought that I was going to be the first one to get there and have the gym all for myself, however this guy, who is a cop, was there. 

I had only seen him once in the gym, (sometimes he would pass through my house in the police car), he was tall, not pretty in the face like me, but still, built handsomely. He had that square jaw that every man wanted. And a type of body that only a few were lucky to get, not too big, but big enough. When I compared myself to him, I didn't like the result. He was shaved, and used glasses. That's it.

I recognized him because of the glasses. He was already there and cleaning his glasses, he wasn't using typical Gym clothes, wearing pants and long sleeved shirt, very tight, which showed how defined his muscles were. The guy was impressive, and had this air around him of seriousness and danger. 

He only half acknowledged that I was there and then ignored during his whole work out. Even when I kept showing myself in the mirror. What really bothered me was that he didn't have to try to keep me looking at his body. I wanted his body. But would never get it. I was smaller than him. Tall guys have everything.

Next day of going to the gym early, I decided to get there even before it was opened. That time I was going to be the first. Not too long after the cop came on his big fucking bad ass bike and opened the gym for me, he had the keys. The owner apparently trusted him. I felt so dumb. 

At least I got to go up the stairs first, which meant I was the first one to get there. I smiled. The cop came behind me, and when I looked behind, he was staring at me, then stared shamelessly at my ass. I worked hard on my ass well, but that look gave me the chills. He almost was telling me that he wanted to fuck me. 

I was a bit paranoid after that. I tried hard not to show my ass in any position while doing the exercises, and through the mirrors I always checked if he was looking. There's one exercise for the muscles of my back that I have to be in a position kind of like doggy style. As soon as I started, the cop decided to come close. He was working his leg, apparently, but he didn't fool me a bit. I didn't want to not do the work out though, and maybe I was being too paranoid. 

But then, when I finished the first series, looked in the mirror, I saw him look at my fucking ass. I was feeling really uncomfortable by that point. But I kept going, now and again checking to see if he had given up. He saw me looking at him, ignored me, and stared at my ass again. Son of a bitch. 

By the time I was finishing with my last series, he walked towards me slowly, I looked at his face, but he wasn't looking back now. I forgot to count my exercise and I was probably finished, but somehow I kept in the doggy position, feeling a slight shiver through my body. He walked and stopped right by my side. His hand slowly rubbed my ass, and he said

"Nice ass."

A great urge to tell him to fuck off. I suppressed it. Why? Fuck, why was I letting a man feel my ass? I was no fag... Yet, there he was, touching me, while I was fighting to keep myself from biting my lip. 

"Thanks?" I said. Shit. I couldn't believe I said that. The guy was touching my ass and I thanked him? What kind of man was I? Fuck. The cop just took his hand away and ignored me for the rest of the day, making me feel not only disgusted with myself, but also rejected. 

I just needed to avoid him, I told myself in the mirror in my bathroom. I didn't know what happened, but... The touching, though, while I was all vulnerable and his deep voice telling me that I had a nice ass. That man, I was no fool, he was probably fucking me like I was his bitch in his mind. That shouldn't make me feel aroused. It was wrong. 

I stroked my cock while looking at myself, judging, but unable to stop. Started to feel his touch again, and then the imagination just carried me to places I never thought I would go. When I came in my own hand, I looked at it as if it was the big cop's cum and ate it. Next day, I was waiting for him at the entrance of the gym.

He opened for me and let me through. I thanked him, with the same shaky voice I thanked him when he complimented my ass. He didn't say a word, but I knew he was looking. Afraid to look back, I lifted my ass a bit while walking, not thinking about how gay it was. 

On the top of the stairs, I looked back. What was he doing? He had come back down, he was closing the door? Why? 

I soon realized he wasn't planning to tell me, choosing to keep ignoring me. I was troubled. Today was leg day, which gave me a chance to show off. I should be ashamed, but instead was already admitting what I wanted, to show off. But he didn't even look at me. 

We both went to refill our water bottles together, he was behind me, waiting. I could almost feel his gaze, or maybe it was the faggot in my head wishing. I was shocked when he came from behind and pushed his dick on my ass. I felt his dick, another man's hard cock against me and all I could do about it was be still. 

"Really nice" he said, his voice still low and deep. 

"Thanks, man" I said. He stayed there until my bottle was filled. I took it and felt disappointment to be leaving. I couldn't understand him. He locked us here, and was doing nothing, only fucking with my head. I thought in a way to call his attention. Only one thing came to mind. 

I took my shorts off. Only in my underwear, I saw that he was looking at me. I was feeling a bit weak on my feet, but still managed to squat. He came closer and sit nearby, watching me, not hiding, just watching my ass. With one hand, he touched his cock through his pants, he was clearly hard. 

I was sure he could also see my erection almost tearing my underwear apart. I felt so dirty, trying my best to do a good show, give my best to be a slut. How did this happen? I was seeing this really cute girl that wouldn't leave my mind for days and now she is only not more of a goner than my straightness. 

The hung cop lost interest. He stood and left his place, taking no interest in me anymore.

"Wait," I said. He turned. I bit my lip, cursing myself. Why the fuck was I so eager to please this man and be a fag for him? I was so hard. He saw it, he was kidding with me, and I was loving it!

I took off my underwear, showing my hard dick and my white ass. He came back, but not to sit and observe, he came even closer.

"Go on" he said. I kept squatting, taking all the way down, which made me open and spread, exposing my hole. The guy knelt behind me and spread my ass cheeks even more. I kept going up and down, while he was rubbing my asshole with his wet finger. I couldn't go down for a moment, because he held me and stuck his tongue in my hole. Fuck. Never had a tongue right there, in me. In. 

He released me and I kept exercising until the point where I couldn't anymore, I put the heavy weight on the ground and turned. He was tall, I had to look up when he was so close. My face was burning, I was melting inside with shame and regret, and my dick was throbbing. I even wanted to cry a little bit. 

"Little whore," he said, putting one of his fingers in my mouth. The finger calmed me a little, while I sucked. "I have to go get my wife and daughter from work, but remember that you just gave yourself to me right here, and come back tomorrow."

"Yes, sir."