 It had been almost a full year since the gang bang at Frank's house. I could still taste their cocks in my mouth and when I was alone in the bathroom or bedroom, I could hear the sounds of their balls slapping my ass and their boisterous laughter as they all took turns fucking me.

I did what I could to erase the memory but in spite of the trauma and emotional pain it caused, I still smiled to myself from time to time, knowing that I was able to fuck 8 men at the same time. Sometimes I felt as if I was performing a service to the community. Here were 8 different men who probably had no sex life and I was there to give them the release that they needed.

Regardless, I moved on. I finished nursing school and I found a job as a traveling nurse. I had left Roger around the same time as the gang bang. He called and texted but thankfully I was smart enough to have never given him my address so he left it at that. Lots of apologies but I never entertained his requests for forgiveness. He betrayed me and I would never let anyone else take advantage of me. As for Will, he was always an asshole. He fucked me well (really well actually) and was perhaps the best fuck of my life but he never called me either. Frank was simply a one night stand and though some of his buddies took interest in me, I was never going to see them again.

So I moved to the city but every 6 weeks I worked a different contract. Summer of 2011 was here and I found myself living in Tampa, FL. The heat and humidity were unbearable at times but I was running a lot more and doing some lifting every day and I looked and felt great. I had also started cycling regularly so my legs were toned beyond belief.

I worked in a small surgical hospital in a suburb of Tampa and that is where I met Harold. Harold was a HVAC technician and I knew from the moment I first saw him that he was interested in me. He chatted me up quite a bit, often seeking me out from the nurse's station and schedule his breaks with me so that we could talk.

We became friends fast. Within a couple of weeks, we would go out for drinks but he never once tried to take advantage of my drunken state. He would always drive me home and wait for me to ask him if he wanted to come inside.

I was still pretty firm on being celibate so I never asked what he thought of me. He was attractive enough, though not as good looking as Will or Roger were. He was in his mid 50's with graying hair and a large stomach. He stood about 5'6" and looked to be about 220 lbs. He had hair coming out of his ears. He wore a white goatee and mustache and had a deep Southern accent.

He would tell me stories of his college days and also of his time in the Navy where he would hook up with men before they got back to base. He seemed to have a wild side to him but for whatever reason he seemed to genuinely like talking to me.

About 3 weeks after we met, we went out again. We had been at the sports bar for about an hour and I was plenty drunk already. He had one beer.

"Raj, what do you say we go back to my place and play some cards?" he asked. My roommate is driving back from Jacksonville tonight and I wanted you to meet him too.

"Sure", but I barely consented. He took me by the hand and led me to his car and opened the door and I got in. He got in on his side and the entire car sank with his weight. I was wearing shorts and a zip top shirt. Even though I was committing myself to celibacy, alcohol was making me open up a little bit and I was horny but still reserved. I watched silently as Harold struggled to put his seat belt on.

I felt my cock swell a little as I watched him fumbling for his keys. I could see his hair coming out of his ears and the sweat forming on his forehead. His thick gray hair was matted from the humidity.

"It's ok, Harry, I got this," I said softly as I reached in front where his crotch was and found the keys. He dropped them their accidentally and was having trouble reaching between his legs. I brushed up against a large bulge down there. He smiled and groaned in approval.

"Hehe, thanks sweety." He reached out and touched my leg and rested his hand there for a bit. I sat back and looked at his thick meaty hand. His hand was wide enough to hold my lower thigh. He squeezed my leg and then started his car and we drove home in silence.

He was staring me at me while we waited at every light. I could sense it.

"You look very hot tonight, Raj!" he exclaimed. "This Tampa heat brings out the hotness in you, HAHAHA!"

He sounded dorky but I thought it was adorable. I smiled, somewhat embarrassed, although I had received so many lewd compliments in the past.

We drove to a trailer in the middle of nowhere. There were trees all around us. I had no idea that he lived in such isolation. There was a tow truck in the driveway.

"Burt's home!" he said. "Great, we all reached together!"

I got out of the car, still intoxicated and wobbly. He put his arm on my shoulder and guided me up the steps and into his trailer.

"Raj, welcome to our humble abode," he said and motioned with his left arm. It was obviously a home of trailer proportions, so nothing was very big. There was a small TV in the corner, an oversized sofa and a recliner. A tiny table with 4 chairs was in the kitchen area. There were two tiny bedrooms at the other end.

A large burly man who looked to be in his 60's came out of the tiny bathroom wearing boxer shorts and a V neck undershirt. He had hair coming out of his shirt and his legs were thick like tree trunks and they were blanketed with thick hair . He had a stocky appearance but he still stood about 5 inches taller than my 5'10 frame. He was brushing his teeth but reached out and shook my hand as he stared me up and down.

"Hi, you must be Raj, I'm Burt!" he said. Deep voice, muffled with the toothbrush.

I shook his hand, still dazed. My hand was tiny compared to his.

Out of habit, I looked at his crotch and he caught me looking so he grabbed it and shifted it in place and winked at me. I smiled shyly. I kept telling myself to relax and that I had sworn myself to celibacy. I remembered how panicked and freaked I was, running to the health department to get check for all sorts of diseases and being genuinely worried about my life.

But I was still horny and I hadn't had any sort of sex in almost a year. And neither had either of these old geezers by the looks of it.

"Have a seat Raj, make yourself comfortable," Harold said. He brought me a shot glass and a bottle of Jim Beam. He poured me a shot and I chugged it.

He brought out a game of Checkers. Burt came and sat down in one of the chair. I sat cross legged in the other chair and finally Harold sat down. Burt was still wearing his boxers and I couldn't help myself but stare at him and his large crotch area, trying to guess how big he was down there. The two of them were drinking beers and were getting quite raucous.

"You look like you packin' quite the body there, Raj!" Harold yelled out while laughing.

Burt would not take his eyes off of me and simply murmured in agreement.

Burt reached over and grabbed my leg and tried to put his hand up my shorts and I rejected him, "No! Not tonight, I'm sorry."

He chuckled. "Maybe you ain't drunk enough yet, baby," he poured me another shot but I glared at him.

"Ooh angry little thing, ain't you?" He laughed out loud and Harold joined him.

"I see you at the hospital, I see how you look at me," Harold said.

"I am sorry, I just thought we were going to hang out," I stammered a silly response.

My heart was racing but I promised myself that I was not going through this again.

"How's about we make ourselves a deal, baby? You beat me in this game here of Checkers, and you get to go home. If I beat you, I fuck your sexy little ass!" Burt proposed.

"Cause I know you interested in what's inside these shorts of mine, HAHAHAHAHA!"

I was super embarrassed. Both he and Harold were laughing uncontrollably and smacked the table with their hands.

"F-fine," I agreed. I happened to be really good at Checkers - in the 5th grade.

We began playing. I beat Burt handily both times. I beamed with pride.

"No no no, you ain't get to do me like that!" Burt was angry. He stood up and grabbed me by the arm and led me to his bedroom.

"Please don't do this, please!!" I screamed but he was much too powerful. He put his finger on my lip and said to me, "You ain't got but one way out of this place, and it's with giving up your hot little ass!"

I remembered now that I didn't drive here but had come here with Harold. My heart sank and I stopped fighting.

"Now Imma fuck you good tonight, and if you do a good job and let me bust my nut on your pretty face and ass, I will take you home myself!" Burt said loudly.

I stood in his doorway with my hands behind my back as I watched him pull off his boxers. My eyes went wide with fright as I saw the biggest dick in my life. Easily 10 inches in length, it was so long that it curved to the right and it was uncut. It was thick as a python, meaty and bulging with veins.

I could not believe that this was the cock of a 60+ year old man. He laughed loudly and beamed with pride.

"Oh yeah, me and Harry, we grew up in the farm land. This is pure 100% Alabama grown meat, sweety!"

My mouth dried up from fear and adrenaline. My heart was racing and I was scared. Scared but eager. Eager to please this old man and give him the fuck of his life.

My own cock was semi-erect. He pulled off his shirt, revealing multiple tattoos and a massively hairy body. A hairy beer gut hung over his impressive cock. I licked my lips in anticipation and bit my lower lip.

With a loud and resounding thud, he fell on to his bed and lay there with his legs spread open.

"What are you looking at, get over here, ya little Bombay bitch!" Burt yelled.

I walked slowly towards the bed.

"No...take them tiny ass shorts and shirt off. I want to see that sexy little ass of yours!" Burt bellowed.

I wiggled out of my skimpy running shorts slowly and let them drop to my ankles.

He let out a whistle. "Phewewww, oh hot dayum!! Long legs! And you are smooth as silk!"

I was wearing briefs underneath. Before I could pull off my shirt, a pair of large hands grabbed a hold of my breasts from underneath my shirt and squeezed my nipples.

It was Harold. He too, had undressed as I could feel his hard cock rubbing up against my underwear.

"Relax baby, you do as you are told tonight!" Harold whispered in my ear.

He unzipped my shirt and pulled it off. He nudged me to the bed and I got on my knees and bent over staring at Burt's enormous manhood. I felt Harold pull my underwear down to my lower thighs and then I felt his thick hands spanking me and felt a thick sausage finger being pressed up my asshole.

"B, you have got to look at these legs and this ass!!" Harold exclaimed. "Oh shit, I could never really tell in those scrubs that he wears at work, but God damn!!"

"We got ourselves a real treat tonight for sure!"

Burt looked down at me and growled, "Well don't just stare at it, put your mouth on it!"

Scared and shocked at his tone, I lowered my head on to his thick cock. I held it with two hands and pulled back the foreskin. The pungent odor of his manhood filled my nose and a large amount of precum dripped down on to the bed sheets. I started by sucking the head and I sucked it as I had learned to do it from experience. Hard but not too hard, just the way I did when I used to practice on bananas.

He moaned and groaned then took his hand and clamped it down on my head and thrust upwards. I gagged but he didn't care.

"Slut, oh yeah, suck it my little brown princess! Suck that big old white cock!" Burt groaned and grunted as I continued to please him. "Imma show your little Poonjab pussy what a real cock feels like tonight!"

Endless laughter followed while I turned red with embarrassment and humiliation and yet I was still eager to have Burt inside of me.

I felt Harold's warm wet tongue up my ass. I was kneeling down and my mouth was full of Burt's cock so I was unable to moan or scream as I felt Harold finger and tongue my ass and swallow my cock whole. I let out a gasp and spread my knees as wide as my underwear would allow while Harold feasted.

"Tastes even better than I thought it would, B!" Harold exclaimed in between sucking and fingering.

I was slurping on Burt's cock, admiring it and fearing it. He kept taking it out of my mouth and slapping my face with it, his large belly jiggling with his laughter and amusement.

Suddenly, he took hold of my head and stuffed his cock up my mouth and down my throat again.

Harold stopped sucking on me and stood up behind me and I felt cold lube on my hole. I could hear him lathering his cock with the lube.

I had not yet seen his dick but I certainly felt it. Thick but not the thickest I ever had, long but not the longest. I still squealed in pain as he shoved it in without much regard. I felt his balls slap me against my ass and he grabbed my hips and we rocked together as he slammed me harder and harder. I still could not scream as Burt ensured that my voice was muffled as he kept his cock in my mouth.

Sweat began dripping off of our bodies and in the 90 deg temperature inside the trailer, the pitter patter of Harold's balls and body slapping against me was the only sound in the room aside from an occasional scream or moan which would escape. This was followed by deep laughter.

"Oh, I love this Indian pussy, Burt! Very nice and tight...I'll open her up for you!" Harold exclaimed.

"I bet you will, I bet you will," Burt said. He was relaxed, groaning occasionally. My saliva had formed a wet spot on the bed in between his legs. I was switching from being on my elbows to my hands.

Harold had his hands on my hips and his belly was resting on my lower back. He had put his leg up on the bed and was really able to go deep inside of me.

"Oh Harry, God...fucccckkkkkkk!! Easy baby, please..." I pleaded.

He ignored me and kept drilling me.

It took a few minutes but it started feeling better and better. Finally, I was reciprocating his movements by backing up into him.

"Yeah...just like that baby...harder, harder..." I begged. I moaned and screamed louder, I could feel Burt staring at me while stroking his cock watching me moan.

"Sounds like a whore to me, Harry!" Burt boomed.

Harold suddenly let out a loud groan. He grabbed me by the neck and threw me on my back and dragged me close to him so that my face was just under his cock and he jerked off. A massive jet of cum sprayed out and hit my face and jaw.

"Oh shit! God damn, I needed that!" Harold groaned loudly. He kept squeezing his cock emptying everything on to my face. I licked the cum off my face and swallowed it. I looked up at Harold who was staring down at me.

"You like that, baby?" I asked submissively.

"Ahh hot damn, you know how to talk you little slut, dontcha?!!" Harold responded. "Fuck yeah, that was the best ass I had in YEARS!"

"HAHA that must be the alcohol talkin!" Burt yelled out. Burt was at my feet now, he pulled off my underwear and smelled and kissed the crotch area. He then spread my legs, grabbing my ankles and opening me up. Before I could see, Harold shoved his cock into my mouth and my head was hanging off of the bed edge. I felt something warm wet and tremendous amounts of suction. Burt was going down on me and the initial shock of pleasure drove me wild. I spread my legs wider for him. I was able to catch a glimpse of his giant bald shiny head going up and down. His beard and mustache formed an "O" around where my cock was. He had swallowed me whole and he did not even look like he was working. His tongue felt amazing. Super rough and he sucked with great force. I was grabbing the sheets, it felt so good.

He was grunting each time he took me deep and then came out and licked the urethra. I thrashed around and Harold pinned my arms down while Burt reached up and played with my nipples. I was squealing but again, my mouth was full of dick. Harold's balls were on my forehead and they were dripping sweat.

Burt pushed my legs back and Harold grabbed my ankles and spread my legs wide so Burt would lick my asshole.

"MM, hot little ass!" I heard Burt.

"Oh yes, wait until you fuck it!" Harold egged him on.

Suddenly my body shuddered and Harold pulled out. I screamed, "I'm cumming, Oh ohhh gawddddd, fuckkkk!!"

Burt didn't flinch and he looked up at me as I grabbed his huge head with my hands and thrust upwards with my feet planted into the bed. I felt a burst of cum eject from inside of me into Burt's warm mouth. He swallowed and then kept his mouth on me, tonguing my urethra while I squirmed.

"Raj, I think Burt really likes you...he has never swallowed before," Harold said.

I smiled shyly and looked down at Burt as he continued to tongue me. He finally pulled his mouth off and kissed my inner thighs and pushed my legs back and ate my ass while I continued to play with his smooth shiny bald head.

The sucking stopped. Harold was jerking himself off after he pulled out of my mouth and he burst a second load, but this time he sprayed my face full of spunk.

"Ohhhhhhh, hnnnnhhhhh, shitttt!" Harold grunted and groaned. He was apologetic this time and wiped my face off with a towel.

Burt wasted no time and he grabbed me by the legs and pulled me up closer to him. He had gotten up on the bed and opened my legs and was kneeling in the missionary position. His belly hung over me and his cock was fully erect and it looked gargantuan in the moonlight and shadows. He had lubed himself well and poured some on my asshole.

"Please be gentle, please..." I begged him softly. He held my legs open and then pushed them back, holding them from behind the knees. My knees were bent. I relaxed as much as I could and I looked down as he pushed his enormous monster into me. I gasped and arched my back while Harold watched me squirm. I was grabbing the hell out of the bedsheets and screamed.

"Ahhhhhh, oh fuck. Gawdd...oh m'gawd, ahhhh, ahhh, hnnnhhh, aahhhh!!" my screams resonated.

"Huhhh mmhmm, scream like the slut you are, my little Indian princess!" Burt's voice boomed as he started gyrating his hips and going in deeper.

He dripped sweat on my belly but continued to hammer me mercilessly as I writhed uncontrollably. He put my legs above his giant shoulders while belly grazed my cock. He leaned down and sucked my breasts for a moment then went deep.

I had been with at least 20 men in my life, and I had full intercourse with half of them. But Burt was by far the largest man I had been with. I felt tiny underneath him. In this heat and humidity and in this dark and dank trailer in the middle of the country, I was lying underneath a behemoth with my legs spread helplessly getting my brains fucked out. My breasts were jiggling back and forth, dancing to the beat of Burt's pounding. My nipples were erect and even the air was stimulating them. Harold would occasionally reach over and play with my nipples but then again Harold largely became an afterthought. He lay next to us with his now limp dick in hand, stroking it lightly.

There was a time when Harold would have been all the man I would need, now Burt was the new metric for me.

I lay there, my body getting rocked with each thrust from Burt's massive body. His bald head dripping off sweat. His face was directly over mine and I wrapped my legs around most of his waist. He had come much closer now that he was fully inside of me (finally!). He was sweating hard and was grunting harder with each thrust. We locked eyes and I looked him directly in his eyes and we connected. I had taken all 10" of his monster inside of me and it felt amazing. He wrapped his arms around my neck and pulled me close and kissed me. Deep kissing, making out. Something I had not had since Roger's time. He held my hands in his own, the boisterous Southern cowboy had morphed into quite the lover.
