 I woke up the next morning, naked, with a hardon and the need to piss like a racehorse. I rolled over to look for Scott, but he was gone. I hadn't heard him leave.

I quietly got out of bed and went in the small bathroom attached to Scott's bedroom loft and sat on the toilet to pee. I thought about our day together yesterday. 

Scott and I were best friends in middle and high school until he moved to California before our senior year. We kept in touch online, but I hadn't seen him the past two years. 

Now, with his parents vacationing in Europe, he invited me to California to house-sit for a week. We had stripped to our underwear in his room and started playing video games, which led to massages, and eventually handjobs and oral sex. We spent the rest of last night naked, first by his secluded outdoor pool, then in his bed.

I was worried that maybe he was embarrassed or re-thinking our time together and had snuck out of bed to avoid me. I finished peeing and quietly opened his bedroom loft door. I heard talking from downstairs. That was weird - we were the only ones at home.

I looked around for some clothes. I had dropped my light blue boxer shorts on the floor next to the bed yesterday, and they were gone. Maybe Scott took them when he got up? 

I went to my suitcase and took out a pair of white boxers, slipped them on, and quietly crept down the stairs, trying to hear what was being said.

As I approached the first floor, it seemed like it was only one side of a conversation with pauses. 

I walked into the kitchen, and Scott was sitting at the island counter, on the phone with someone.

"There's Bobby now. Good morning!" Scott greeted me. "I'm on the phone with my mom."

He put his phone on speaker, and I heard, "Hi Bobby!"

"Hi, Mrs. D! How is Europe?"

"It's been wonderful so far! We're in Paris now."

"That's great. Thanks so much for letting me stay here with Scott."

"Of course! We miss seeing you, and this was a good opportunity for you guys to hang out. Plus, if Scott were home alone, I'm sure he would spend all his time in his room playing video games. With you there, I hope you guys can do other stuff."

I looked over at Scott, who winked at me.

"We'll definitely do other stuff, Mrs. D", I grinned.

"Ok. Well, I have to go, boys. We're getting ready to go with a tour group around the city. Scott, don't forget to take out the garbage. Oh, and I almost forgot. I ran into Kyle's mom at the store last week, and she told me Kyle and his boyfriend Adam were coming home for his grandpa's birthday party. I told her how you would be here, so maybe they'll give you a call."

"Ok, thanks, Mom. It would be good to see Kyle again too. Have a good time!"

"Have fun, Mrs. D!"

"You too, boys. Good bye."

Scott disconnected the phone and came around the island to hug me. I saw he was wearing my blue boxers again.

"I forgot my mom was going to call this morning. It's 3 in the afternoon there. I got up to go to the bathroom and saw the time and remembered she was going to call around 6. I snuck down here so I wouldn't wake you."

Scott kissed me, and I felt a load of relief that he wasn't embarrassed about our time together. He checked me out and said, "Nice boxers! Maybe I can wear them later too?"

"Of course! Want to go back to bed?"

"Actually, I'm starving. Want some breakfast?" I said sure.

The two of us cooked some scrambled eggs, bacon and toast. It seemed very domestic, being in the kitchen and working together. Scott made some coffee and we had a leisurely breakfast, sitting in our underwear at the kitchen island.

We went back to Scott's room for a little more gaming while it warmed up, then decided to hang out around the pool for a while.

"I didn't bring a swimming suit", I told him.

"Then I guess you'll have to swim naked. That will be very enjoyable for me", he smiled.

"Only if you do too."

We took off our boxers and threw them on the bed, then went downstairs and grabbed some towels and sunscreen. We took our time covering each other in sunscreen, making sure to cover every inch of our naked skin.

"I love how smooth your cock and balls are", Scott complimented me as he gently covered them with the lotion. "Maybe you can help me shave my balls too?"

"Mmmm, that would be fun!"

The water was cool, but the air was rapidly heating up, as we jumped into the outdoor pool. We had a blast, as we threw around a ball, and played tag, just like when we were kids. Except here we were naked, and we took every opportunity to caress or stroke each other.

I had never swum without a suit before, and the constant sensation of the water on my dick was keeping me pretty horny. I would sneak up on Scott from behind, and wrap my arms around him, feeling his slick skin against mine, and my cock against his ass. Then he would turn around and we would kiss, our cocks touching.

This constant foreplay was very arousing, and eventually we decided to get out and lie on the lounge chairs. They had a double-wide one that we had cuddled on the night before, and Scott reclined on his back, and I laid on my side next to him.

I was mesmerized by his beautiful naked body. I watched the drops of water slide off him as we slowly dried off in the shade of the big beach umbrella. I ran a finger down the wet skin of his chest, all the way to his cock, savoring the sensation. Scott's cock was semihard, and I gently took it in my hand to examine in the daylight.

"Mmmm, that feels so good Bobby..."

I leaned over and kissed his soft lips, my hand still lightly playing with his cock and balls, as he got harder.

Scott pulled me closer, and I crawled up on top of him, chest to chest. I rested my weight on my elbows and knees, so I could move around my hardening cock against his while we kissed.

We slowly grinded our cocks together, feeling them get warm from the friction. It was like masturbating against my mattress when I was a kid.

"I'm gonna shoot my load soon", I whispered. "Is that ok?"

"Oh yeah! Shoot it on me. I'm gonna blow too."

We kept rubbing together, until I felt myself losing control, and shot a huge load of warm sticky cum. I groaned as I pushed out several more smaller squirts between us. Scott moaned and shot his load too, warm and sticky.

We kissed some more, as we lay there spent. I rolled off Scott and on to my back next to him, and we looked down at drying jizz mess on our chests and laughed. Scott offered to take me around and show me the area.

Scott led me back in the house, and we showered off in his parent's large shower again. 

We tenderly washed each other clean, then headed back to his room.

"Can I wear these boxers today?" Scott asked as he picked up my white underwear off the bed.

"Sure. Can I wear some of your underwear today too?"

Scott pointed to his top dresser drawer and said, "Yup, help yourself to any of my clothes. I like the thought of you wearing my stuff."

"You too. My suitcase is over there - wear anything you want."

I opened his underwear drawer and saw a sea of nicely folded white briefs. Mostly Hanes, but I explored a bit and found a pair of Jockey y-front briefs. I put them on and enjoyed how soft and snug they fit. I opened his other dresser drawers and took out a pair of khaki shorts and a casual short-sleeve button shirt with a tropical print. I got dressed and turned around to show Scott.

He was wearing my plaid blue cargo shorts over the white boxers, and a dark blue t-shirt. It was kind of arousing and intimate wearing each other's clothes.

We went back to the kitchen, and Scott packed us a lunch of sandwiches, soda, chips and apples. Then we got in his car, and he drove me around until we got to a nice park area in the hills. We hiked up a trail with the little cooler, until we got to a picnic area with a great view of the valley. We had a nice lunch and conversation.

We spent the rest of the day hiking the trails, with Scott showing me places where he had been before, and places he had always wanted to see. At times we were the only two people in the world, and other times we were among others who didn't look at us any differently.

As early evening approached, we started driving back home, and stopped at a quaint little Mexican restaurant with an outdoor patio that was lit with festive lights. The breeze was warm, the sky full of beautiful colors. We got a small table and order of shrimp tacos and just enjoyed each other's company. I was sure I was falling on love with Scott.

After we arrived home, we still wanted to be together, so we decided to watch a movie on the big screen TV in the family room. A channel was showing a James Bond marathon, and we had always loved those movies as kids. Octopussy was playing, so we dimmed the lights, stripped down to our underwear, and climbed up on the comfortable sofa.

Scott sat in the corner in his (my) white boxers, and spread his legs a bit, motioning me to sit between them. I arranged myself in front of Scott, leaning back against his bare chest, and he pulled a couch blanket over us, then wrapped his arms around me.

It felt so wonderful, lying back in Scott's arms, our bare skin touching each other. We watched the movie, and it brought back memories of other sleepovers when we would stay up late to watch movies.

Gradually I noticed that Scott's arm had worked its was under the blanket, and his hand was slowly sliding across my chest. I cuddled back up into him more, and he pulled me closer. His warm hand began tracing the waistband of my (his) briefs, then slowly moved lower to caress the cotton pouch covering my rapidly hardening cock.

I was getting a little bunched up in the briefs, when Scott whispered, "Looks like somebody is uncomfortable. Here, let me help."

He pulled the waistband of the briefs open and slid his hand inside, to rearrange my cock. I almost shot my load right there.

I moaned, "Mmmm that feels good..."

Scott kissed my neck and started working his warm hand along my throbbing cock still inside the briefs. I don't think anyone ever slid a hand inside my underwear like that, and the sensation was incredible.

After a while, I could feel my precum leaking.

"Hey buddy, if you don't stop, I'm gonna shoot my load and get your hand all sticky!"

"Sounds good to me!", he chuckled.

I pulled his hand out of the briefs and started getting up off the couch.

"No, now it's your turn. Let's change places."

We swapped spots on the couch, with me sitting back on the corner and Scott moving between my open legs, his bare back against my chest, and I wrapped my arms around him. He covered us with the blanket again, and we turned to start watching the next movie in the marathon.

We sat like that for a while, until I couldn't wait any more, and started running my hands across Scott's chest under the blanket. My hands moved lower, to trace along the ridged waistband of the boxer shorts he was wearing. I had worn these boxers before, but I guess I had never explored them like I was doing with Scott, sensing the crisp material, noticing the seams and waistband.

My hands moved down to his groin, where his hardening cock was straining against the material. I pulled the sides of the fly open and reached in to take his hard cock and pull it through the fly.

"This is one of the benefits of boxers - easy access to your dick," I told him.

With Scott still leaning back against me, I began slowly stroking his erect cock sticking out of his shorts. I played around with the sensitive head and shaft, varying my grip and stroke to give him as much pleasure as I could. I reached around with my left hand, and slid it inside one of the leg openings, to touch his slightly hairy balls. He groaned in delight.

I went slowly, pleasuring Scott to a peak, then edging off. He began to squirm more and more under my touch.

"I'm gonna blow soon, man!" he gasped.

Getting an idea, I released my grip on Scott's cock and guided him to a seated position. 

I got off the couch and kneeled in front of him.

"Just sit back and relax. I'm going to take care of you."

I helped Scott sit back on the couch, his feet on the floor in front of me. I spread his legs so I could move closer to his cock, which was still sticking out of the fly of the boxers. 

Grabbing his hips, I pulled Scott closer to the edge of the couch, so he could lay back and relax.

I leaned in and gave Scott's throbbing cock a long lick with my tongue. A low moan escaped from his throat, as I repeated the action a little faster. Soon I had taken his sensitive head into my mouth, and let my tongue run around the tip.

His cock slid deeper and deeper into my mouth, until I could feel the crisp fabric of the white boxers against my lips. I sucked his beautiful cock, faster then slower, firmer, then very lightly. I played with him in tune with his responses, looking for the sensations that were driving him wild.

"I'm gonna cum any second," he blurted out.

Letting his cock slip out of my mouth, I replied, "That's good. I want to taste your seed. I want you to give it all to me." Then I went down on his cock again.

"Are you sure? You don't have to."

I kept on sucking, showing him my intentions. I increased my efforts and grabbed the boxer material at his hips to pull me faster and faster.

"Aaahhhh! Here it comes!"

A huge spurt of gooey cum shot into my mouth, and I almost gagged. I savored the strange taste as several smaller spurts added to the load. Scott was moaning loudly and trembling as his cock spasmed and emptied his load of warm seed into my mouth. I swallowed it all down, trying to enjoy the salty taste as much as the intimate act that gave it to me.

I gently slid Scott's cock around in my mouth as it got softer and smaller, licking off any residue. When it was soft and clean, I let it slide out of my mouth, and I carefully tucked it back into the opening of the boxers and closed the fly. I looked up at Scott and grinned.

"Did you like that?"

"Holy shit! That was incredible man! It felt so weird getting sucked off by my best friend, especially while wearing his boxer shorts. But you made me feel that all through my body. My toes are tingling!"

I laughed. "That felt so intimate to me. Thanks for sharing your seed with me. You taste wonderful."

I crawled up on Scott's lap, and we just hugged for a bit in the afterglow. We turned our faces together and kissed gently for a while.

"Now it's your turn."

Scott helped us change places, this time he kneeled in front of me on the couch as I laid back. He took the waistband of the briefs and lifted my hips to pull them down to my ankles and then off. Scott lifted the briefs to his nose and took several whiffs.

"Mmmm. I always thought my tighty whities smelled bad when they were sweaty, but now I smell you in them, and it smells so sexy."

Scott took a couch pillow and placed it under my hips, elevating my cock and balls in front of him. He stuck his nose in to my balls and took several more whiffs.

"Mmmm. You smell just as good as these briefs."

He licked each of my balls, taking turns placing each between his lips and sucking. I could feel the gentle pressure making them tingle, and I let out some moans of pleasure. Scott spent a long time examining and playing with my balls, increasing my pleasure with each touch.

Then he moved on to my cock. He treated it like it was a delicate sculpture, moving it around carefully and licking and kissing it. I was totally lost in his attention. He alternated sensations to my cock and balls, and then he started caressing the sensitive skin between my balls and asshole. I felt a shiver run up my spine.

"I am gonna shoot my load soon," I warned.

"Good. I want to taste you too."

"You don't have to just because I did."

"No, I know that. I want to. It seemed special to you, and I want to feel that way too. So, come on, give me your seed."

Scott went down on my cock, sucking and playing with my balls. I was totally naked on the couch, and all I could see was his head in my crotch giving my such intense pleasure.

After a few minutes more, I warned, "Here I cum!", and felt a huge jet of my hot seed flood his mouth. Scott kept on sucking as more bursts of the sticky fluid shot out. I couldn't ever remember shooting that much cum. I lightly ran my hands through Scott's hair and caressed his head as he sucked and licked me clean.

My cock was tired and began shrinking and getting soft in his mouth. He let it slip out, and when he grinned at me, I could see a little cum still on his upper lip. I pulled him to me, so we could kiss deeply, and I licked my cum from his lip. Another intimate moment with my best friend.

We laid like that on the couch for a while, until we realized we were going to fall asleep there.

"Let's go to bed."

We headed up to Scott's room and went to the bathroom to brush our teeth. Scott started taking off the boxers, and I reached out to touch his arm.

"Why don't you leave them on tonight? They remind me of our evening together, and besides, they look so sexy on you."

Scott laughed, "Well actually I was going to take a piss, but sure, I'll leave them on tonight,"

We got ready for bed, and slipped between the sheets, Scott still wearing my white boxer shorts, and I was totally naked. I curled into his arms and felt so safe and protected with my best friend and lover by my side.