 I stood in the light of the street lamp on a corner of Avenue B counting the money I had made for the night. I got fifty from an old man who removed his dentures and slobbed my cock with such precision, I busted my nut in the old man's make shift pussy faster than I ever had. Fucking blew my mind. It felt so good, I almost felt guilty taking the old coot's money.

I picked up another fifty from some married dude who wanted to see what it was like to suck another guy's dick. Weird, if you ask me, but who am I to judge? To each his own, know what I mean? He took me to a motel room he rented for the occasion. No doubt the guy had never sucked a dick before. It was sloppy, and his saliva drenched my balls and ran down into my ass crack. After nearly thirty minutes of lying there, with him trying to get me off, and my straining to bust a nut, I had to stroke one out, which the little perv gobbled up like he was starving. 

I was considering calling it a night, but I had nowhere I needed to be, and the busses weren't running yet, so I lit a smoke and leaned against the pole of the streetlamp. 

I hated myself when I came out here to turn tricks, even if I did enjoy the experience of hooking up with the guys who picked me up. It was kind of exciting, not knowing what you were going to come across. I had one guy ask me to step on his cock, grinding my foot into it like I was crushing out a cigarette butt. I was flabbergasted when his dick started shooting cum across the floor, his dick twitching under my foot. That was the weirdest thing I had ever seen, but it was a big lesson about sex. We all have our thing. 

So, anyway, I was standing there with a hundred bucks in my pocket, feeling pretty good about myself when a late model sports car pulled up. A Dodge Charger, to be specific. Damn sexy car, if you ask me. The window came down and the man asked if I was looking to party. I was pretty sure he was just talking about sex, and I wasn't sure I had another nut in me, but I've never turned down a party in my life.

"Sure," I said, opening the door to climb in next to the guy. As soon as the door was shut, this guy takes off like the cops are hot on our tail, or something. The man drives like a fucking maniac.

"Hi. I'm Trey," the driver said, extending his hand in an awkward handshake. I'm freaking out because he's not looking at the road.

"Houston," I said, shaking the guy's hand quickly so he can return his attention to where he was going. 

I check out this guy, trying distract myself from the possibility I'll die in a fiery car crash sitting next to a stranger. He's handsome, like movie star handsome. Black hair carefully styled, not a hair out of place. He's wearing a tux, gold wire rimmed glasses, and a gold watch. What the fuck he's doing picking up guys on Avenue B is beyond me.

"So, you come from a party? I asked, hoping to find out why he's wearing a tux.

"I attended the orchestra this evening," he tells me, "Boring as hell, but you have to make an appearance. I've been driving around for hours now, looking for someone to party with."

He looks at me, and I see he has blue eyes. I've always been a sucker for the black hair- blue eyed look. Too bad he's not a chick. I'd probably fuck him just for the hell of it. 

I was surprised when Trey turned into the historic King William District, then parked in the drive way of one of the large homes that lined both sides of the street. He's old money, I'm thinking, At least he'll be able to pay my fee. 

We entered the house through the back door, and I waited while Trey punched in the code to turn off the alarm. The backdoor opened into a big, well kept kitchen.

"Would you like something to drink?" Trey asked, moving toward the refrigerator.

"A beer, if you have one."

Trey pulled two bottles of Dos Equis from the fridge and opened them, sliding one down the counter to me, like he's a barkeep.

"How much?" Trey asked, taking a drink of his beer.

"Fifty dollars to suck my dick," I informed him, making it clear I was the one who would be blown, "A hundred to fuck you."

"I see," Trey mumbled, looking me up and down. "How much to fuck you?"

"I don't get fucked," I snorted, taking a swig of my beer.

"Oh, come on, every man has his price," Trey cooed, walking around me to check out my ass, "Name your price."

This guy must be high, or something. Didn't he hear me? I don't get fucked. I don't mind sharing my big dick with the fags, but I don't take it in the ass. He's looking at me, expecting and answer.

"A thousand dollars," I answered after a moment of thought. I figured it was a high enough price to shoot down this guy's plans for my ass quickly, without it being so outrageous that it sounded like I didn't mean it.

"A thousand dollars? That's an expensive piece of ass."

"Well, it's virgin territory," I told him proudly, "If you're going to bust my cherry, you're going to pay for it."

"I'll give you two hundred," Trey smiled, running a hand seductively across my chest.

"Two thousand." I answered.

"I don't think you understand how negotiations work," Trey laughed, "You're supposed to come down on your price, not double it."

"This isn't a negotiation," I explained, "This is you trying to talk me down on something I don't even want to sell." I took another swig of my beer, "Two thousand."

Trey took out his wallet and pulled a small stack of bills from it. I watched nervously as Trey counted out ten one-hundred-dollar bills.

"I believe we started with a thousand."

"That's where we started," I said with a suddenly dry mouth, aware that I just might have to give up my ass. It's not something I wanted to do, but if this fucker was actually willing and able to pay that kind of money to corn hole me, I was going to let him. "We ended up at two thousand."

He stood silently, looking at me for a long moment, sizing me up. I took another swing of my beer, a small smile forming on my face. This mother fucker was thinking I'd come down on my price. No way was I going to turn down a thousand bucks. For me, it was the principle of the matter. I knew he thought his money gave him the power. He was wrong. It was my ass, my terms. I was also betting that no one in their right mind would pay two thousand dollars for a fuck.

"Okay, if that's what it takes." Trey exhaled, counting out another thousand dollars.

I stared in disbelief at the little pile of bills sitting on the counter. No way was I going to let this guy fuck me in the ass. It didn't matter how much he was willing to pay for it. On the other hand, two thousand dollars is a lot of fucking money. If I played my cards right, it could be my ticket off the streets.

"I don't know about this," I said out loud, without meaning to.

"You're not backing out of our deal, are you?" Trey asked, grabbing one of my butt cheeks firmly in one of his hands.

"It wasn't a contract," I replied. 

"No, it's two thousand dollars for a few minutes with a dick in your ass," Trey answered. "You seem like a pretty tough guy," he continued, draping an arm around my shoulder to lead me out of the room, "Gay guys do this sort of thing for fun, and you're tougher than they are, right?" He had a point.

"Okay," I said, snatching the money off the counter, "I'll do it, but be gentle. It's my first time."

"This will feel so good you'll be wanting to get fucked all the time."

"That is never going to fucking happen."

I walked with Trey upstairs, to one of the bedrooms, which was decorated like a teenaged boy's room. There were all of these toys and action figures, still in the box, on shelves lining the room. In the center was a bed, just floating in the middle of the room.

"This is my play room," he explained as I checked out the stuff on the shelves. "Take off your clothes and get on the bed."

I did as he told me, watching the expression on his face as my big, limp cock flopped out of my underwear. I could tell he was impressed, but he didn't say anything. He just continued undressing. I lay on the bed on my stomach.

Trey had a nice body under that tux. He wasn't as well developed as I am, but he was in good shape. When he revealed his cock, my jaw dropped. He wasn't as big as my ten inches, but he was well hung nonetheless.

"How big is it?" I asked, hardly able to speak, my eyes glued to the thing that would soon be invading my ass.

"eight and a half inches," he stated calmly, almost dismissively.

"I guess I should have found out that before I agreed to this." 

"Would it have made a difference?"

I didn't answer because I didn't know the answer. A few minutes ago, I wouldn't have believed that any cock of any size would be up my poop chute.

I watched as he pulled a bottle of lube out of a drawer and climbed onto the bed. I felt the liquid gel drizzle down my butt crack, then felt his fingers rubbing it around my hole. He slipped a finger inside, and I winced against the sudden invasion. 

Looking over my shoulder, I watched him lube up his cock then moved in above me. He slid the tip of his dick up and down my crack, then pushed against my hole.

"Breathe deeply, relax and push down."

"Push down?"

"Like you're taking a shit. It'll open you up some."

I pushed down hard, like I was constipated and trying to pass a big one, and Trey pushed inside me. It wasn't too bad at first, then I stopped pushing. My ass ring contracted around Trey's cock and my ass screamed out with pain. He pushed deeper into me. It felt like my insides had exploded into a thousand jagged pieces.

"Whoa!" I screamed, clutching at the sheets. Trey stopped pushing and held still.

"I'm inside you, straight boy," he taunted me, "The worst part is over. Just keep breathing."

"Get the fuck out of me!" I demanded.

"If I do that, we'll have to start all over again. Trust me, Houston. You're not the first straight guy I've fucked. Give it a minute. Soon, you'll be wanting me to fuck you."

No fucking way. I tried to breathe, taking long, deep breaths until it didn't hurt anymore. Trey pushed in some more, and I bucked against the pain.

"Let us get some more lube in here," he whispered, pulling out a little. I relaxed as I felt him slip out. He fumbled around with the lube, applying more to my ass and his cock. I watched him from over my shoulder. His cock was dripping with the slippery liquid. "Here we go again. Push down."

I pushed again, feeling his thick cock slip back into me, filling my asshole with his girth. I bit my lip and took it as my ass stretched around his big fucker. It hurt a little at first, a dull pain that felt like my asshole was sore. I felt him slip into me deep, and I caught my breath, holding it.

"Breathe, baby boy," he whispered in my ear, resting his torso on my back. "I've got you."

He started fucking me, his big cock sliding effortlessly in and out of my stretched out hole. He took it easy on me, allowing me to get used to it. I wondered if I could ever really get used to the feeling of some dude's cock sliding in and out of my ass hole. It wasn't that it was bad, it was just so fucking weird. I thought about how the word queer was just another word for weird and wondered if this was why.

He fucked me like that for a while, slow and deep, then pulled out. I was sure my hole was gaping.

"Bend over the side of the bed."

I assumed the position, and he resumed his, lubing his cock up once more before sliding it inside me again. He fucked me with long slow strokes, then began quickening his tempo. It started feeling good having him inside me, his cock churning my insides up and messing with my mind. It just felt so goddamned good! 

I felt my cock twitch, as it began to grow. It pushed against the edge of the bed as Trey rammed his big cock in and out of me. I couldn't take the pleasure of feeling his cock inside me, slowly turning me into a quivering little bitch. I didn't care. I was loving it. I'm almost sure my eyes rolled into the back of my skull as I lost myself in what he was doing to me. I almost whimpered when he pulled out of me again. 

"Lie on the edge of the bed, feet in the air," 

I did as he said, lifting my feet in the air, waiting impatiently for him to slide back into me. Trey noticed my hard-on immediately, smiling down at me. I took it in hand and began stroking it, trying to match the tempo of the cock buried in my ass. My pleasure mounted quickly. I was in a state of bliss. Soon I was busting a load all over my chest and stomach. My climax extended with Trey's fucking me harder. I screamed out, I was so overwhelmed. He pulled free and stroked his cock, shooting his load on top of mine before sliding his cock back into me to fuck me a little longer. I ran my hand around my chest and stomach, mixing our loads together. I smiled up at him, a little embarrassed. He just smiled back.

After he pulled out of me, finished with my ass, he suggested we take a shower. I had never showered with a guy before, but I was in need of a hot shower after all I had been through, lube coating my ass, cum all over my torso. We showered together, soaping each other playfully. It was probably the most fun I had taking a bath since I was a kid. When we were done, I started to put my clothes back on. Trey lay across the bed and watched me. I could tell something was on his mind.

"You can stay, if you want." He finally said, tracing something onto the sheet, avoiding eye contact.

"Why would I do that?"

"Do you have any better offers?"

I pulled on my shirt quickly and walked out of the room, bounced down the stairs and was on my way out the front door when I stopped. I knew that if I left I would probably never again let a guy fuck me. I would never again know the pleasure that I got from letting another man dominate me, the freedom I felt in not having to prove myself as a man. I turned and looked up the stairs. Trey was there, standing on the landing, his big cock coaxing me back to his bed.

"Alright," I said, as I turned and peeled my shirt off, "But this time, I fuck you."

"You have a deal."

That was a year ago, and we're still fucking each other's brains out. I'm in college now, working on a degree in business, which I'll need when I start to work with him. We don't define what we are to each other, but I know there isn't anything I wouldn't do for that man. He saved me from the streets, and in a way, he saved me from myself.