 I breathed a sigh of relief and looked at my watch as I climbed into the car and settled back in the passenger seat. It was only just after three in the afternoon, but it felt a lot later. I glanced across at Andy, one of my business partners, as he slipped behind the steering wheel. His sigh of relief matched mine. The meeting we had just been too had not gone well.

"Only two more to go," I reminded him with a grin which was meant to cheer him up.

"Yeah – and let's hope that they go better than that one!" he told me, his anger barely controlled as we roared out of the car park.

We couldn't understand why the meeting had gone so badly. It was one of a series we were having with different clients. Andy was moving to another part of the business, and the meetings had been arranged so that he could introduce me as the new contact for the clients he had previously looked after.

This meeting was meant to have been one of the easiest – the client had already agreed to the change, and was someone Andy had known for a number of years. Instead, at the meeting, the client had just moaned about just about everything we had ever done for him.

"And he's let himself go – he's getting fat!" Andy suddenly exclaimed, his annoyance more than obvious.

I would have laughed, but I'm used to Andy – ever since I found out that he was gay, I've become used to his occasional outbursts, the comments that often only he can get away with. And over the last year or so, he has been more and more open with me about his life, which couldn't be more different than mine. After all, I'm married with kids, whereas he - at thirty - is a few years younger than me, lives alone, parties hard, and professes to dislike children of all ages.

"And to think that I used to fancy him!"

This time I had to laugh. I looked across at him, just catching his sideways glance. We laughed again, relaxing a little.

"So who do you fancy now?" I asked through my laughter.

At first I didn't realise that Andy had stopped laughing, that there was suddenly some tension around him again. My laughter faded away as I looked at him.

"You of course," he told me, his eyes on mine rather than on the road.

He steered the car across to the side of the road and pulled to a stop.

"You are as curious as I think you are, aren't you?" he asked, his hand slipping onto my thigh, squeezing me gently.

"Is it that obvious?" I murmured, blushing furiously.

"Let's just say I guessed," Andy told me.

But as I felt his eyes on me, I knew that he hadn't guessed everything.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

He was right that I was curious – very curious in fact. But he hadn't yet guessed that by now I only wanted to satisfy that curiosity with one man – him.

I suppose that I've been curious about other men for a good few years, but in the last two or three years the feelings have intensified to the stage where I can almost feel another man's cock in my hand instead of mine as I lay awake at night thinking about it, to where I can almost taste the cock I've never sucked but want to.

Until four months ago, I just wanted to do these things, if only once. I wanted to touch another man, to feel his cock growing, hardening, in my hand, to feel his excitement as he was feeling mine. I wanted to suck a nice hard cock – and have mine sucked in return, sucked roughly, by a man kneeling at my feet. It wasn't as if I would look at a particular man, and think that I wanted his cock, or wanted him to have mine. It was just a feeling, a feeling that was growing, was intensifying.

A feeling I knew I had to do something about – and soon.

I've known for a long time that Andy was gay. It wasn't something we talked about much, but over the years as our friendship built, he was more open about what he got up to, his feelings, the difficulties he had faced. He had even sought my advice on occasions about how he should deal with different things.

As my curiosity about other men, about being with another man, grew, Andy never really came into my thoughts. Until four months ago, there was no one specific in my mind – just a need, a growing need that I had to do something about.

But then I saw Andy naked - and everything changed.

It happened while we were away overnight on a Strategy Conference with the business, with other senior staff and managers. After the first few sessions, a group of us decided to take a swim at the Hotel's fitness club in an attempt to unwind before dinner. I was a bit late arriving at the pool, so most of the others were starting to leave by the time I arrived. Andy was still in the pool though, and we ended up swimming a few lengths together, before heading back to the changing rooms.

I automatically opened my locker, and pulled my towel out ready for a quick shower. As I stripped off my trunks, the changing room was empty apart from Andy and me. As I stood naked, my back to him, something made me glimpse at the mirror to my side.

Andy was stood naked as well, looking at me. As I looked at him in the mirror, I could sense his eyes on me. I'm quite lean, but firmly muscled, and I could feel his eyes raking down my back and legs, feel them staring at my firm ass.

I looked back at him through the mirror, knowing that he couldn't see me looking in his direction. He was thicker set than I'd imagined, his chest and legs heavily muscled, his belly almost flat. But it was his cock that I was drawn to. It hung heavily over his balls, the tip partially exposed as his skin peeled back. At first, I thought that he looked as if he might be getting an erection – but then I realised it was the thickness of his cock, his length and the way it curved over his tight balls, that gave that impression.

I stared at him for what seemed like an age, but which was probably only a few seconds, unable to move, willing him to catch me looking at him, willing his twitching cock to rise. But it was then that I realised that my own cock was erect – and not just normally erect. When I glanced down, I don't think I'd ever seen my cock as hard or as long or as thick as it was then.

In a panic, I grabbed my towel and fled to the showers, my cock waving about in front of me. I dragged the shower curtain closed behind me and leant against the wall, my heart thumping. It was only then that I thought clearly enough to realise that my body had shielded my reaction from Andy.

I looked down again, and still my cock jutted out, almost obscenely, from my body. I reached down and touched my cock tentatively, feeling the strength, the heat, of my erection, of my reaction to seeing Andy, burning into my hand. I stroked along my shaft, stifling a moan of exquisite pleasure. I stroked my shaft faster, my hand becoming a blur until seconds later my cum exploded out of my cock, thick ropes of it splattering on the wall opposite me.

I stood gasping, visions of Andy, of his cock, imprinted on my mind, wishing it was his hand on my still erect cock. And from then on I knew that just being curious wasn't enough, that I had to do something about it, that I had to satisfy my curiosity – with Andy.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"So," Andy went on, "Just how curious are you?"

"Sorry," I muttered, shaking my head as I tried to get my thoughts together.

"You heard," he laughed, giving my thigh another squeeze.

I felt my cock rising as he left his hand resting on my leg while he looked at me carefully. I don't know if he realised what was happening to my cock, how I was reacting to his touch, but at that moment he turned back towards the front, started up the engine and pulled back onto the road.

"Fancy a drink?" he asked.

I nodded dumbly, not daring to speak. I didn't ask where we were going, and it wasn't until we were almost there that I realised that we were heading towards Andy's house in a small village just outside of town. He pulled up onto the drive, the car tyres crunching on the gravel. We sat still in the car for a few seconds, listening to the ticking of the engine as it cooled, before Andy leant over me and opened the door.

As I climbed out of the car, I looked around, as if I was wondering what I was doing there, before following Andy indoors. I'd been to his house several times before, but this time it felt different, very different.

Andy led the way into the house. I didn't say a word as he phoned the office and told them that we'd been delayed, and that we wouldn't be back in the office for the rest of the afternoon. He then led me through to the kitchen and pulled open the fridge. He lifted out a bottle of wine in one hand and some beers in the other, holding them out to me to choose. I nodded at the wine.

"Good choice," he told me with a smile.

I watched while he opened the wine, my cock starting to bulge again as I wondered where I was heading. I followed Andy as he picked up the bottle and two glasses and led the way out onto the patio, my eyes drifting down to his ass, firm inside his tightly cut trousers.

The wide patio overlooked a long garden, which was mostly grass, with tall trees and hedges around the outside. There were a few big, comfortable conservatory type chairs scattered around, along with a couple of sun beds, and a wider chair that could easily sit three or four people. The view was spectacular, looking out over open countryside, with no one overlooking the house or garden. It was totally peaceful – and private.

We kicked our shoes off and settled down into a couple of the chairs. Nothing was said for a while as we sipped at our wine and enjoyed the afternoon sun, but my mind was a total blur of conflicting thoughts and emotions. My cock kept rising at the thought of what could happen, of what I thought I wanted, but then falling again as doubts crept in. It was a while before Andy broke the silence.

"You never did answer my question," he reminded me.

I looked at him quizzically, not sure what he meant. 

"How curious are you?" he reminded me, before adding "What do you want?"

He looked at me closely before he spoke again.

"I know what I want," he told me, his hand on my leg again, high up on my thigh, "But only if you want the same thing."

"Yes," I groaned, not trusting myself to say more.

And then Andy did something that hadn't been in my plans. He leant over and kissed me. 

At first I just didn't know what to do as I felt his slightly rough lips on mine, the tip of his tongue sliding across my equally dry lips. But then my instincts took over and I kissed him back, our lips pressing closer together, our tongues flicking across each other. It felt different, different to any other kiss I'd shared, and the longer it went on, the more I wanted it to last.

I've got no idea how long that first kiss went on, but by the time Andy leant back away from me, my cock was painfully hard. I looked at him, swallowing hard before speaking.

"Ask me again," I told him.

He paused for just a second.

"How curious are you?" he asked for the third time.

"Very," was all the answer I needed to give.

With that, Andy took my glass and put it with his on a side table. He moved across and knelt in front of me, his hands on the tops of my thighs. My legs automatically swung apart as he looked at me, as I nodded. He slipped his hands along my thighs, squeezing, caressing, his hands moving ever closer to the painfully hard bulge in my trousers. And then he stopped, looking at me for signs of any doubt, both of us knowing that very soon there would be no going back.

"Yes," I groaned again – and this time Andy reached for my belt.

I leant my head against the back of the chair and closed my eyes, not daring to look as Andy tugged at my belt and then reached for the fastenings on my trousers. His fingers moved nimbly, a clip and then a button being quickly undone. I opened my eyes as Andy paused before undoing my zip a little. He stopped again, and looked up at me as his fingers traced the line of my cock through my trousers.

I gasped as I felt his fingers pressing against me, hot against my hard flesh despite the clothes between us. And then Andy was moving faster, more urgently. He undid my zip, pulling at my trousers as I lifted my ass to help him, leaving them half way down my thighs, my boxers not far behind them. 

With a deft tug, Andy pulled the front of my boxers down, releasing my cock at last. And this time it was him who gasped as my cock slapped back against my belly, rock hard and as straight as a steel rod. As Andy stared, I tore my tie off, flinging it to one side. Andy moved then, tugging at my shirt, sending buttons spinning away as he pulled it until it was laid open, revealing my chest and belly, my cock pointing straight upwards.

He reached forward – and for the first time I felt another man touch my cock. His touch was firm and sensual, his hand sliding along my swollen shaft as it lay hard against me. His other hand strayed over my chest and belly, reaching for my nipples, caressing me softly. I closed my eyes and moaned as his fingers stroked and caressed, my eyes only flying open when his hands stopped there ceaseless movement.

"Stand up," he told me, his voice catching huskily in his throat.

I stood up slowly, my cock jutting out from my body, swaying in front of him, inches from his face. He looked at me, licking his lips as he drank in the sight of my cock and of my balls, swollen with cum. He dragged my trousers and boxers down my legs, sweeping them off along with my socks, leaving me naked apart from my shirt, which hung open, blowing gently in the breeze.

Andy reached up, his hands resting on my thighs, caressing the muscles, making my cock bob about in front of him. He slid one hand across me, wrapping his strong fingers around my shaft and pressing my cock up against my belly. And then, at last, I felt another man's mouth on my cock. 

He didn't so much lick me, as caress me with his strong tongue, moving from deep underneath my balls to the very tip of my cock in one lingering sweep. We both moaned, his muffled against my hard flesh, as his tongue swirled around my swollen cock head, his hands now caressing my shaft and balls, his fingers probing insistently between my legs.

I moved as he looked up at me, easing my legs apart as he cradled my balls in one hand, my cock in the other. His fingers reached down to rub the skin between my balls and my ass, making me moan as I felt the hunger in his movements, as I watched his tongue moving across my cock, leaving its wet trails behind.

With a moan, Andy let my cock fall away from my body so that it was swaying in front of me again, standing out from my body. He glanced up at me, and then back to my cock, before leaning forward and taking me deep, deep into his mouth.

My legs felt like jelly as I felt the hottest, wettest mouth imaginable around my cock. He sucked me hard, drawing me in deep, his tongue lashing across my cock head as I felt his teeth sliding down my shaft. My cock jerked in his mouth as he sucked hard on me, my cock bulging in his cheeks as I thrust forward, as I began to fuck his mouth. I reached for Andy's head, feeling his wiry hair as I ploughed my cock into his mouth, matching his sucking with my thrusts.

I knew that I couldn't last long, and Andy sensed it as well, but we made no attempt to slow down, Andy needing my release almost as much as I did. I drove my cock into his wet and willing mouth, feeling his experienced tongue on me as I moved.

My cum exploded from me without warning, pumping deep into Andy's mouth. I instinctively pulled back, but Andy grabbed me, his hands sliding from my hips around to my ass as he pulled me tighter to him, taking my pumping cock deep into his mouth as he sucked my cum from me.

I fell back onto the chair, my legs weak from my release, my cock slick from Andy's mouth. I grinned at Andy, who was still sat on the floor between my legs. He reached out to stroke my wilting cock, to run his hand over my chest and belly as I closed my eyes, savouring his touch for a few minutes as I caught my breath.

Slowly, I opened my eyes again, and looked at him, wanting him.

"Stand up," I told him as I slid to the edge of the seat.

I shrugged my shirt off and sat naked, my eyes moving up and down his still dressed body.

"Take your shirt off," I told him, suddenly feeling in control.

As he undid his shirt and pulled it off, I took only my second look of his strong, muscular body, of his powerful chest and flat belly. He was almost hairless, his nipples dark and erect. I reached out tentatively, sliding my hand across his smooth skin, rubbing across his taut nipples. I pulled my hand away abruptly, needing more.

"Now the rest," I told him huskily, more urgently.

But before he could move, I was reaching out to him, rubbing the hard bulge at the front of his trousers, getting in the way as he tried to undo them. I moaned with frustration at the seconds it was taking him to undo his trousers, at the delay in touching him. I didn't want to wait a second longer now that I was so close to touching my first cock, ready to take the next step.

And then his cock was springing free, long and hard in front of me.

I gasped as I saw Andy's cock for the first time, swaying in front of me, jutting out for beneath his curly mass of hair. I watched, almost mesmerised, as he pulled his trousers off, hopping on one leg and then the other, until he was stood naked, his cock bobbing just inches away from me.

"Touch me," he told me simply.

Then it was Andy's turn to gasp again as I reached out and touched another man's cock for the first time. He felt hot to touch, hot and hard and strong. His cock was thick, with veins throbbing along his curved shaft, the head red and slick with pre cum. I squeezed him, feeling his strength, his power. I slid my hand towards him, slowly, tentatively, licking my lips as I peeled his skin tight back, not daring to speak.

As I stroked his cock, I reached up and ran a hand over his chest, rubbing his stiff nipples as he stepped closer. His cock was inches from my face as I looked at him intently, watching my hand moving along his shaft, watching the bead of pre cum that I longed to lean forward and lick away. I felt Andy's hands on my shoulders, silently urging me to take the next step, to lean forward those few inches towards his glorious cock.

But I couldn't, not then. As much as I wanted to, I sat frozen, only my hand moving, unable to take him into my hungry mouth. I carried on stroking his shaft, pulling him towards me before sliding my hand back to rub against the mass of curly hair at the base of his belly. It felt awkward, and after a few minutes, as I realised just how patient Andy was willing to be, I reached a hand out to his hip and pulled him around a little. 

Andy moved with me as I stood up, keeping one hand on his cock, the other on his hip. I gasped as he leant back against me, his taut ass finding my hanging cock. My hands moved without me thinking, one sliding around from his hip to curve around a firm ass cheek, the other moving rapidly as I stroked his shaft, feeling him getting even harder in my hand as he groaned out loud.

I felt Andy pushing back against me as his balls tightened, as he let out a long, deep moan. I watched over his shoulder, our bodies hot and hard together, as his cum erupted from his cock, a long rope of cum that splattered heavily onto the patio in front of us, to be followed by another and then another as his balls emptied, as he showed me the result of his lust, his desire.

I stared at the heavy pool of cum in front of us, his cock still in my hand, as I reached around and cradled his balls, squeezing them gently as if to make sure they were totally empty. Slowly, Andy turned and we kissed for the second time, a sensual lingering kiss that left me in no doubt that there was more to come.
