 A Anal Slut—Almost a Virgin.

It was a warm fall afternoon as I strolled down Main Street. I noticed my reflection occasionally in the store windows. I was a handsome young man at six feet tall, 30 inch waist and a fat six inch cock. I was horny as usual. I noticed the adult book store and decided to take a look.

No one noticed me as I entered the book store, so I browsed the shelves displaying various adult magazines and movies. In no time my cock ached and throbbed. I couldn't take my eyes off of one video box that showed a large male member buried half-way inside a very nicely proportionate ass. The cock was huge and the female's anal anatomy was so stretched. But the look of pure pleasure on her face was stunning.

The next thing I knew, a strange man stood next to me and said he admired that same picture. He explained that the movie was playing in the peep show booth. I was very chagrined and I could feel my face flush from the embarrassment.

"Would you like to join me and watch the movie?" he asked.

"Mmmm—OK—how much is it?" I inquired.

"I have plenty of change—don't worry about it—come on then," he said.

We walked to the back of the store through an open door to a large room. The open space had 12 booths. Each booth had its own door,

"It's this one," he remarked.

I remember the door squeaked as we entered. He shut and bolted the door and quickly inserted several quarters into the machine.

We stood side by side with a padded bench behind us. The movie started with a tall man performing cunglingus on a pretty brunette. It appeared to be the same woman in the picture that I saw earlier. She squealed as the man's tongue licked what appeared to be a pink slit and a protruding clitoris. Each time his tongue stroked her clit, she shuddered and moaned.

I felt my new friend's hand softly caressing the outer layer of my jeans where my bulging cock throbbed. I didn't protest. I wanted to remove my cock and stroke it. His fingers got bolder and soon he was kneading and squeezing my cock to my delight.

He took my left hand and placed it on his bulge. Wow, it really was big. I was stunned that man's cock could get that big. It felt extremely thick and my estimation was at least two hands long.

He reached in front of my jeans and quickly unfastened them without any protest from me. He bent down and helped remove them altogether. He tossed my jeans on the bench. I stood there with only a t-shirt and tennis shoes and my cock stood straight out at attention. Suddenly, I felt his hot wet mouth engulf my cock.

"Ohhhh, mmmm, man, that feels good," I moaned out.

It was the first time I had ever received a blow job. He continued to suck on my cock until I was about to cumm. He stood up and removed his trousers. He retrieved a tube of ointment from one pocket as he set his pants on the bench. 

I felt a cool breeze on my my stiff spit soaked cock. I couldn't help but look down at his huge member as it swayed and bobbed.

He took my hand again and placed it around his cock. It was thicker than my grasp. My fingers did not touch. It had to be three inches thick. His cock head was the size of a lemon.

We gently stroked each other as we watched the film. The man in the movie was well endowed. His huge cock was fucking the woman in the missionary position. He pulled out and had the woman turn over on all fours. It was quite a scene watching as the man's huge cock slowly buried itself inside her rectum.

The woman on the screen cried out not in pain but in pleasure. She really enjoyed having her arse stretched. Her loud moans filled the booth.

"Awwwww—yessss—fuck my ass—yea—fuck that," she said heatedly.

That's when my new friend found my ass cheeks with his right hand. He squeezed each cheek and his finger tips rubbed at my nether hole. He spit on his finger tips and I felt his finger prod at my little hole. He bent down again and took my cock in his mouth as his long finger massaged my itchy hole.

I saw him take a tube out of his pants and anoint his finger and then he quickly placed the digit to my hole. I felt invaded a little as the finger gradually entered and itched at my anus. My cock throbbed with joy as his finger buried itself up the knuckle. 

"Ooohh—God, that feels good," I cried out.

His mouth stayed on my cock but was not pumping like before. I felt a strange sensation inside my cock as his finger worked inside my rectum. It felt like a charge of electricity through the length of my achy cock. It was a lot like cumming but not really. I could feel my cock leak seminal fluids inside his mouth.

I rubbed my cock but he pushed my hand away. 

"Not yet, "he said. "You're really gonna enjoy my hard cock up you little bottom," he stated.

He stood up and moved me around so my ass was facing that stiff member. He encouraged me to bend slightly. His cock was anointed with lubricant. I could feel his slippery cock head separate my ass cheeks. He knew his business because soon I could feel the head at my nether hole.

I was too timid to tell him that I was a virgin. His soft cock head soon opened my anal ring to allow the head just inside.

"AWWWWW—GAWWD—IT"S SO BIG," I cried out.

"But it feels so good doesn't it," he demanded.

"Yea—Mmmfff—yes—but it hurts a little," I begged.

The biting sting subsided as his head stroked inside me. I could feel my ass push back against his huge cock. It felt so good.

Soon his massive cock plowed and stretched my little ass hole. 

"Oh yes—fuck me—fuck me—Gawwwd—its so good," I cried out.

He picked up the pace and in not time his entire member was buried all the way inside me. Then he fucked me. 

I will always remember the sound of his cock pounding my ass cheeks, slap, slap, slap.

My cock throbbed and it felt as though I were cumming. Then it hit. I was watching as my cock as it leaked a large drop then it began spurting uncontrollably.

Each time his cock buried itself, my cock shot jism. 

"Ohhhh—AWWWWW—I'm CUMMMINNG," I cried out.

I heard my new friend grunt loudly and he held his cock deep inside me. He was cumming inside my rectum.

We stood there suspended in time for a minute. His huge cock still felt good inside me. He slowly pulled out. My hole farted out a huge stream of cum that splattered on the floor between my feet.

"Did you like that?" he asked.

I was still breathing deep and hard and responded yes. I moved the pants aside and sat on the padded bench. I was eye level with than fat monster that just plowed me and made me cumm so hard.

Even spent, his cock was magnificent. I reached out and fondled it. It was like a child's arm. It felt softer but still big.

He maneuvered closer and his cock was at my mouth. I opened my mouth and hungrily sucked on it.

"Oooo—gently, I just came out," he said.

I softly sucked his fat cock and was surprised at the enjoyment I received.

We dressed and walked outside. After talking a bit, we agreed to meet again. We swapped telephone numbers. His name was Charley and he drove a big-rig truck. 

I walked home feeling warm jism seeping from my ass hole and squishing between my ass cheeks.

I can't wait to do this again, I thought with a smile.