 A year had passed since I had met the man of my dreams. He was old enough to be my father, had never told me his real name, and regularly called me a filthy whore. It was the perfect arrangement. I was taking classes at a community college far enough away from home that it made sense for me to have somewhere to stay while I went there. My parents thought I was staying with another student, but in reality, when I wasn't in class I was usually bound and being stuffed full of my Master's cock. As I said, the perfect arrangement.

Things had changed somewhat in the last year. I had become much better at serving my Sir. My gag reflex was gone, exchanged for tattoos on either ass cheek that read "Cum" and "Dump." My favorite thing that has changed, however, was a procedure Sir payed for. Sir loves big, round butts, and he loved mine especially. He had a doctor transfer a small amount of fat from my stomach to my ass, making it noticeably bigger and rounder.

This may seem horrifying, but I was totally on board with it. I honestly love the attention I get when men see my ass bounce past them. I feel sexy, and it feels so good when my cheeks slap against Sir's pelvis while he fucks me. It was a dream come true.

One normal afternoon, I arrived at Sir's house, paid the taxi driver who brought me with money Sir allows me, and walked to the front door knowing the driver was watching every step I took. Sir had given me a key, as well as a very specific set of instructions on how I should enter the house. In the mud room of the house, I stripped naked, folding my clothes neatly in the corner, put on my "Slut" collar and leash, and got on my knees with the leash in my mouth.

Surprisingly, today Sir did not make me wait very long. The door to the inside of the house opened, showing off the man I had willingly sold my freedom to. Sir was only wearing boxer-briefs, allowing me to see his sexy body. He had short hair, matched by a short cropping of facial hair. His body followed suit, full of short, curled hairs, from his chest, down to his sexy gut, all the way to his size twelve feet.

"I have a surprise for you, slut," he said, taking my leash in his hands. Sir's surprises always left me full of cum and ecstasy, so I was very excited to see what he had in mind. He walked briskly, pulling my leash in such a way that I had to move quickly or be choked.

We entered his room, and my dick twitched happily. On the bed were various instruments, plugs, clamps, paddles and more of various sizes. What really got my attention was the camera set up on a tripod opposite Sir and I. Next to it was a laptop resting on a nightstand displaying everything currently being recorded.

"On the bed," Sir ordered. I obeyed, of course, and knelt in front of the camera, knowing this was the center of my attention. Sir got behind the camera and smiled broadly. "Tonight, slut, you're going to put on a little show. We've only got--" he checked the laptop, "Twenty-five people watching now, but I'm sure that will grow. Tonight you are at their mercy."

I was quivering with excitement, and Sir could tell. "Show them your ass, boy," he told me. I turned around, on all fours and showed off my proudest possession. Without needing to be told I rocked my hips up and down making my ass "clap." Sir laughed at this display, now holding the camera in his hand.

Sir walked over to the end of the bed where all the toys were, showing them off on camera. "Which do you all want to see used first?" he asked, picking up a butt plug and examining it. "Boy! Read their replies," he bellowed deeply. I crawled over to the laptop, watching my own ass jiggle on the screen.

I watched the replies fly by, "So sexy!" one read, making me blush slightly.

"Make that asshole gape, then fill it with cum!" another read, making my cock solidify. I couldn't see their faces, but I imagined all these strange men masturbating, imagining that I was writhing underneath them.

"It looks like they want plug #4, Sir!" I called out.

"Good call, boys," Sir chuckled, picking up what we had agreed on was #4. It was a larger glass plug that I had recently worked up to. Sir walked over to me, and I assumed the position, face down ass up. My insides were almost always ready for my master, which was very difficult, but so worth it. I felt the cool plug press against my asshole, and released an tension back there. It popped in, stretching me to a width I had only recently come to know. I let out an animalistic moan, and Sir laughed at me.

"Listen to him! You know I've got some ideas of my own I'd like to try..." Sir said, loving every second of this. I turned to watch on the screen as he walked over to the side of the bed where the toys were. He picked up a small paddle meant for one normal sized ass cheek. Of course, with me it took several swats for the same effect.

"Make the whore scream!" one user messaged.

"I'd love to see him take a fist in that fat ass," another chimed in. I was now fully erect, barely hiding my excitement.

WHACK! I cried out as I felt the paddle smack my ass. I hadn't been paying attention to the screen, and thus Sir was able to surprise me.

"Thank you, Sir!" I cried out, watching my plump ass jiggle in response. The next three strikes were seemingly random. One hit my other cheek, one hit the original spot, and one hit my left thigh. I knew Sir had the entire scenario completely under control, he was just keeping me off my guard.

"Thank you, Sir! Thank you, Sir! Thank you, Sir!" I cried out each time. My toes curled as the punishment continued, relishing every strike. Through my tearing eyes I read more comments, only making me harder.

"God, look at that ass! You could live in it!"

"Hit him harder! It's not a punishment unless he cries!"

"Little bitch should know his place. Force another toy in his ass!"

Every strike of the paddle jostled the plug within me. I was moaning between hits, feeling an orgasm build. The beating went on till tears were streaming from my cheeks, my ass burned like fire, and I was practically ready to beg for more. Sir finally stopped and admired his handywork. I have to say, the sight of my own reddened rear made me a little horny.

"What do you all think? Boy! Read the responses!" Sir ordered.

"They love it, Sir!" I responded, loving it myself.

"Do they suggest anything else?" Sir questioned, interested.

I gulped down my tears and saw a flood of new messages appear. They all begged for one thing.

"They want you..." I began to say, trembling at the possibility, "To fist me, Sir."

I waited patiently for a response, my breath quickening. Would he really do it? Would all these strangers watch as I was fist-fucked by my Master? Finally Sir responded.

"Do you like the idea, boy?"

I hesitated, knowing the risks, but loving the prospect of it.

"Yes, Sir, I do," I announced watching our audience celebrate.

"I'm going to lube up, till then, give the boys at home a show," Sir told me, placing the camera under my ass, "Edge yourself with the plug, but don't you dare cum, understood?"

"Of course, Sir," I replied, adjusting my body so that my asshole was in full view. I reached back and grabbed a hold of the plug's handle. I had gotten to know my body very well in the past year, so I angled the plug at my g-spot and began massaging it. I moaned and cooed like a cow being bred, watching the comments roll in. Everyone was super excited about my impending fisting, and I have to say, I was too.

"What are you, boy?" Sir called from the bathroom.

"A fat assed cumdump, Sir!" I called back.

"Are you excited to be fisted?" he asked, the sounds of lubrication lewdly making their way to my ears.

"I am, Sir! My ass is yours to do with as you please! I live to be used!" I almost screamed, coming close to the edge. Just as I felt the close in on the point of no return, I let go of the plug, killing the feeling.

That was when I saw the screen change. Sir had picked up the camera and climbed on to the bed behind me. This was exhilarating, watching everything before it happened. I wondered if this was all a part of my Master's plan.

Sir's hand reached over and grasped the plug, slowly dragging it out of me. I gasped as it left me stretched. I noticed that I had a slight gape on the screen in front of me. This was a popular sight with the viewers. Sir slid two fingers into me, rubbing them all over my inner walls. The feeling was wonderful, his warm, thick fingers were a familiar feeling. At just the right pace, he slid in a third, widening my hole just enough for me to feel it. I cooed lovingly as precum drained from my dick.

Sir rotated his fingers, touching every nerve in my sphincter, before adding a fourth finger. This was more than I was accustomed to, but I was in heaven. Sir was focusing his attention on my prostate, milking me slowly.

"Ready, slut?" he asked me.

"Yessss, Ssssirr," I responded in the throes of pleasure.

I felt him push, and did my best to loosen up for him. Tears filled my eyes as his knuckles made it past my entrance, and my ass swallowed his hand.

"Ohhhhh goooodddd, Sir!!!" I screamed. The feeling was intense. My insides were stretched past their limits, but my g-spot had never been happier. Sir chuckled as he rotated his hand slightly. I grabbed fistfuls of the sheets in front of me, resisting the urge to buck back and swallow his entire arm.

Sir then went on to apply amazing amounts of pressure to my prostate, forcing out a splurt of precum. I was making inhuman noises, biting hard on the bed in front of me.

"You like that, you little ass slut? My whole fist inside you? I should invite all these guys over, let them stuff you with their cocks, two, maybe three at a time. Fill you up like the little cream puff you are," Sir told me. Despite the intensity in my backside, I looked up to see comments rolling, begging for that scenario to become a reality, even giving contact information if that were ever to become a reality.

Sir hammered down on my sweet spot, building the most intense pleasure I had ever experienced. "Can I cum, Sir? Pleeeassseee?" I begged, no longer in control of my body.

"I dunno, guys, what do you think?" Sir asked. I looked up to see the screen in front of me, comments giving a resounding "No."

"I guess we'll have to do this the old fashioned way," Sir said, ceasing his assault on my prostate. His hand relaxed and slowly pulled back. I groaned loudly, feeling my hole stretch once more. When Sir was finally free of my guts, he moved the camera to look at m asshole. Wanting to see for myself, I reached back and parted my cheeks, showing of a gaping hole that just begged for dick. Sir understood this need, fortunately.

"Lay down flat, slut," he told me.

I complied, but left myself the ability to read the screen. Sir climbed on top of my thighs, assuming a dominant position. I watched as he grabbed a handful of my left ass cheek, and pulled it to the side. Sir loved my fat ass, and I loved feeling his strong hands play with it. He roughly groped my cheeks, squeezing them hard, feeling the flesh squish between his fingers. They still stung from the spanking, and I gasped in both pain and pleasure, feeling his lubed hand fondle me.

The screen displayed Sir freeing his erect cock from his boxers, letting it smack right in my crack. Pushing it between my cheeks, Sir began to masturbate using my ass as a hand. Just as I started to follow his rhythm, his cock popped into my still opened asshole.

I gasped at the intruder, but did nothing to stop it. At this point in our relationship, the feeling of his girthy cock in my ass was not only welcome, it was natural. I had taken so many loads from him, some gently poured in, others pounded deep inside me, that I wasn't in any pain. I was actually building up to an orgasm again.

"What do our new friends say, slut? Read their comments aloud," Sir commanded.

Barely able to focus, I looked up at the screen, before calling out loudly.

"That little bitch knows his place!" I read, feeling pleasure build inside me, "I'd love to get a couple friends and see how much that ass can stretch!"

"What do you think of that, cum whore?" Sir grunted, picking up his pace. He would grab a firm handful my fat ass cheeks when he pulled back, before slamming his dick back inside me.

"I'd love to be stuffed with cocks, Sir!" I called back. Knowing I had to distract myself I kept reading, "Does it feel good to be nothing more than a fleshlight for a real man, slut? Do you like knowing that you're a possession, meant to be pumped full of cum and discarded?"

"Good question!" Sir called out, filming my jiggling butt being crammed full of his dick.

"I love it, Sir!" I cried out, barely able to contain myself, "I'm just two holes and a fat ass for your big dick to use! I don't want to be anything else, Sir!!"

"Do you want to cum, slut? Ask the nice folks watching if you can," Sir told me, fully able to read my body. He lifted the camera to look at my face. I turned to face it, barely containing the waves of pleasure washing over me.

"Please, pleeeaaasee, may I please cum?" I begged, ready to do anything for the sweet release. I turned back to the screen and read the shocking phrase they agreed I should say if I was to cum. "They gave me something to say, Sir, if I want to cum," I said turning back to the camera.

"Say it if you really want to cum, bitch," my Master told me, being consumed by his own lust.

I looked the camera dead on, not believing what I was about to say, but knowing I would do so much worse for this moment.

"Mommy, Daddy," I said, barely getting the words out, "I'm sorry you have to watch your son become a little fuckpig." My parents weren't actually watching, but apparently the viewers loved this. I turned back to the screen seeing them applaud my shameful display, giving me permission to cum.

"OOOOOHHH GOOODDD SIR THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU!!!" I screamed while spewing semen on the bedsheets below me. Having edged twice, this orgasm was powerful enough to make me convulse. My eyes rolled into my head, and my sphinter clamped down on Sir's dick. The peak of this feeling left me lightheaded, and unable to speak. I slumped down, knowing Sir's dick was still in my ass.

Sir picked up the pace, fucking me harder and harder. I could barely feel anything, but I wanted him to cum. Without feeling his semen dumped in me, I wouldn't be able to sleep. Sir roared, close to the edge.

"What are you boy?!" He demanded.

"Your fat ass cum dumpster!!" I called out with all my strength. Sir loved verbal degradation, and I was so willing to please. He pulled out of my ass and I felt his warm seed spill over my plump cheeks, glazing them like donuts.

"You little whore," he muttered, milking the last of his climax onto me. "What do you tell Sir's new friends, slut?" he asked.

I turned once more face the camera, "Thank you all for watching me be used! I can't wait for next time!"