 This story is compleatly fictional. All sex should be safe sex, and sex in public is illegal. 

----------------------------------------------

It was nearing my freshmen year of college. I was still 18 at the time, thin with sandy blond hair which grew wildly falling over my eyes. I was sitting at a table in the school library reading my chemistry book when I was him come in. He was tall, with jet black hair, a massive build and a strong handsome face. He looked as though he was Italian, and I couldn't take my eyes off of him. 

I had thought that I might be gay for a while but I had never acted on it, because it just wasn't something that was ok back home. But for him I thought I would do anything. As I watched him walk down the long row of books I felt a tingling in my crotch as the blood began to fill my quickly stiffening cock. 

He wore a tight white t-shirt, under which I could see the mounds of his massive pecks, and a pair of lose fitting shorts which more or less failed to hide his large swinging cock and bouncing balls. I just watched as his thick man meat swung back and forth like the pendulum of a cock with every step he took. By now my cock was hard as a rock and I had begun to sweat a little bit. 

Then to my astonishment he sat down across the table from me. He took out a couple of books and a note pad and began to study. I tried not to look at his and pretended to be concentrating on my chemistry. Suddenly he pushed his notebook over to me turning it around to that I could read what he had written. 

"Like what you see fag?" was all that it said. I stared at it for a long moment, contemplating that last word and then I nodded dry mouthed. He took the notebook back and wrote something else, showing it to me when he was finished. "Wanna suck my cock?"

Again I nodded.

"Meet me in the bathroom on the second floor in five minutes."

He got up and left. 

I sat for a moment, not able to move. I wanted him more than I had ever wanted anything else in my entire life, so I stood up slowly and walked on shaking legs to the stairs to go down to the second floor bathroom. 

When I got in there was no one in the bathroom, so I sat down in the first stall and waited. A few moments later I saw his tennis shoes from under the stall door. He knocked on the door and said, "Open up slut, I got more than cum for you to drink down."

I didn't quite know what he meant but I open the stall door quickly and he pressed in with me. He seemed even bigger in the small space, and his strong manly odor overwhelmed my nostrils and I felt his body against my own. He wasted no time and quickly pushed me down onto my knees. As my knees hit the floor my heart seemed to beat faster than it ever had before, I had never down anything, with anyone and now here was this man about to stuff his cock down my throat. What if I sucked, what if I couldn't get him off. At that moment there was nothing in the world as important to me as making sure that he was happy. 

He dropped his shorts down to his ankles, he didn't wear any underwear, presenting me with his massive cock. It was ever bigger than I had thought it was , nearly seven inches long soft, and with two massive balls pushing it up and out. All around the base of his beautiful cut cock grew a ticket of black pubes which grew on his balls and narrowed into a line which extended up towards his still hidden stomach. "Open up slut," he said, and without hesitation I opened my mouth. Quickly he grabbed his dick and stuck the head in my mouth, "Don't spill bitch, or I will be very upset."

Don't spill? I thought what does he....and then I found out as he released a torrent of piss into my mouth. It was so unexpected that I almost chocked, but remembering what he had said to me I swallowed as quickly as I could drinking down every last drop of his pee. 

I loved it, I had never tasted anything like it. Pee. I liked to drink pee. I couldn't believe myself as I drank his piss till there was nothing left and then almost instinctively began to suck on his slowly hardening cock attempting to take as much of it as I could into my mouth. He had taken is shirt off while he pissed and it now lay abandoned on the bathroom floor, and I gazed up at his beautiful body.

His skin was tanned by the sun, and his muscles rippled beneath his skin as he moved. The same thick hair that grew at the base of his now swollen cock grew across his chest in the shape of a butterfly, the body of which tapered down into the line of hair which connected to his pubes across his stomach. He groaned as I sucked down his cock, swallowing so as to be able to take more of its length as the blood flowed into it. 

Suddenly I felt his hands on the back of my head and he began to stuff his cock down my throat. He was face fucking me. I was in shock as his cock banged against the back of my throat, but somehow I didn't gag I just took it. And I loved it. He seemed to love it too because he had thrown back his head as he began to fuck my face harder and harder, his pubes scratching my nose and his balls bouncing off of my chin with every thrust. 

"Yeah you little slut boy take my cock, take it down your throat," he groaned as he wildly pounded his nine inch meat into my mouth. The without warning he stopped and forced his whole cock down my throat and held it there as his dick swelled and then burst. Thick streams of cum shot straight down into my stomach, slowly he began to pull out so that by the time he finally stopped cuming ten squirts later his cock was resting on my tongue and I was holding his cum in my mouth. It took me a moment to relies that I had cumed my pants without ever touching my cock and embarrassment seeped through me until he said, "Yeah you liked that little fag boy didn't you."

I nodded with his cock still in my mouth. He smiled and pulled out. He pulled me to my feet and reached into my pocket pulling out my phone. 

"You will call this number," he said as he typed a number into my phone, "in one hour and I will tell you where to go. I'm gonna fuck that little ass of yours so fucking hard even a slut like you will be soar."

Then he handed me back my phone, put on his clothes and left. I stood there, my pants wet looking at the name that he had put in with the number. 

Mike.