 I went back to my dorm as quickly as I could and waited, and hour later I snatched up my phone and dialed Mike's number. 

"Hello."

"Hi, I...um...I'm the guy from..."

"Oh, slut boy," he said. He told me where his apartment and said that I was to be there in half an hour, ready for my hole to be fucked. I grabbed my stuff, and out of my room heading off the campus to where the apartment he had described. My hands shook as I walked and my heart pounded in my chest. I had never been fucked, I'd never thought about being fucked and now here I was getting ready to go give my ass over to this man and his massive cock. Just the thought of his cock made the blood flow to my crotch like nothing else. 

When I got to the apartment twenty minutes later I stopped for a moment, my hand hovering over the door ready to know. I couldn't bring myself to do it, but then I felt my cock give a powerful throb against my still cum soaked underpants and I knocked on the door. 

It was quickly opened by...him. He stood there naked, his cock hard as a rock and a crooked smile on his face. "Get your fag ass in here," he said and grabbed me by my hair pulling me into the room. 

"You will address me as Sir when you speak to me, and you will do exactly as I say. Anytime that I call you, you will stop whatever you are doing and come over so that I can fuck your ass. Understand?"

I stared at him for a moment, not knowing what to say.

"Understand bitch?"

"Yes. Yes, sir."

"Now get on your knees and suck on my cock like I know you want to."

I fell to my knees and began to suck on his cock. It still tasted like cum, and he smelled even more like sweaty than before. He was beautiful, I wanted him so badly. And for the first time of my life I wanted to be fuck more than anything else. He wasted no time now; he grabbed the back of my head and began to fuck my face as hard as he could. His balls bounding off of my chin with every thrust. Then all of a sudden he yanked his cock out of my mouth and pulled me to my feet. 

"Strip." He said.

I yanked off all of my clothes as fast as I could and stood before him naked letting his eyes rake over my body. I was thin, with fairly well defined muscles although they were nothing like his and my cock was nowhere near as large as his massive rod. 

He took my arm and pulled me off to his bedroom where he tossed me onto the bed face down. He grabbed my legs and pushed them underneath my body, forcing my ass into the air. I heard him getting something out of the end table and then felt something cold on my ass. 

"Its lube."

I felt a finger pressing against my hole, probing, opening my tight little hole. A grown pushed past my lips as his finger pressed past my sphincter and into my ass hole. It felt like my whole body was on fire, electric bolts of pleasure and pain ripped through my body. Then I felt another finger pushing against my hole before it popped in to join its fellow. Now I was screaming, yelling with each thrust of his fingers. 

"You ready for my cock slut boy?"

I moaned incoherently and felt his fingers slip from my ass leaving it empty and loosened, but not for long because only a second later I felt his cock pressing against my hole. Shit, I thought, I can't take it, it's too big. Harder and harder he pushed, until with a slight squelching sound it slipped in. Pain pored through my body like liquid fire filling every part of me, clogging my brain and wiping out every thought other than how much my ass hurt. Slowly he pushed in, deeper and deeper, until after what seemed like an eternity I felt his balls knock against mine and his pubes tickle my ass. "You like that?"

"It hurts."

"Oh it hurts. Well maybe I should take it out then."

"Please, take it out. Please."

"Alright."

Just as slowly as he had put it in he began to pull his massive cock out again. Then when only his cock head was nestled tightly in my ass he slammed it back in forcing the entire shaft up my ass. I screamed, and he laughed, "If it hurts then you're just gonna have to fucking get used to it." His hands landed on my hips and using then as leverage he began to buck is cock in and out of me slowly at first but getting faster all the time. 

I felt my body turning to mush, my limbs seemed to fall away and my eyes rolled back into my head. All of the pain slipped away and was replaced by pure joy. His cock bashed against my prostate with every hammering thrust sending yet another wave of pleasure through my body. Mike reached forward and grabbed my shoulders pushing me to the ground and rolling me over so that I was laying on my back looking up at his as he fucked me, and all though this maneuver his cock never left my ass. 

I was mesmerized by his face and how it contorted with every thrust and bang, his cock pounding at my guts, his chest rippling as he used his arms for leverage. This was unlike anything in the world, I couldn't believe that only a few hours ago I had been a complete virgin and now I lay on my back, my knees pressed into my shoulders and a cock stuffed ball deep in my ass. As I thought about my deflowering and the waves of pleasure continued to crash against my mind I felt dimly, as if from a long way off, my balls tighten up against my cock and watched disconnectedly as cum rocketed from my cock the first shot landing in my hair and the rest falling down my body. 

"You do like a cock in your ass, you didn't even have to touch your cock," Mike laughed. "How would you like my cum up your ass."

"Yes please, fill me with your cum," is what I wanted to say, but all that came out of my mouth was an incoherent muttering which he took to mean yes. With that Mike slammed his cock deep inside my ass, his balls churning out his thick white man seed as he filled my guts. His body shuddered and shook as he groaned through his orgasm. 

When it was over he pulled out of my ass leaving it feeling empty and slack. "Don't move pussy boy, and don't let a drop of my cum out of your ass." I laid there, holding my feet, with my ass stuck in the air as he climbed off of the bed and went to his closet. He returned a few moments after holding a pair of white bikini briefs with something written on them and something I had only seen on the internet: a large black butt plug. 

Without pausing to look at my face he got on the bed and began to force the butt plug into my ass. At first it felt like it would never fit, it had to be twice the size of his cock, how could my ass take it. Then with a pop it slipped in and my ass hole clung tightly to the narrow neck at the bottom. "You will keep this in till I fuck you again, you are not too loose a drop of my cum. Do you understand, slut?"

"Yes...Sir," I stammered.

"Good, and you are to wear these at all times." He held up the briefs and I saw that across the ass was written in large block letters Property of Mike. He handed them to me, "You will put them on not. Then get dresses, go back to your dorm and wait for me to call you. I'll need my cock sucked before I go to be tonight, and if your good I might just give you a fucking then too." He patted the butt plug stuffed up my ass and got off the bed, leaving the room. 

Slowly I got up, not letting the butt plug slip from my hole but as I moved it shifted and I felt it knocking against my prostate sending a shock of pleasure through my body. I moaned a little and pulled on the briefs. When I walked into the other room Mike had sat down, naked and was watching TV. I stared at his beautiful sweating body, the hair all over his chest as plastered down as was the hair on his head. As quietly as I could I gathered my clothes and put them on. 

"Oh, and slut. Keep your phone on." 

I left his apartment and began the long, rather uncomfortable walk back to my dorm, realizing half way there that I had clumps of dried cum in my hair and all over the rest of my body. The thought instantly made my cock hard as a rock, straining against the briefs with my master's name on them.