 Back in my room I say perched on the edge of my chair, conflicted between wanting to keep the butt plug from moving in my ass and wishing that I could ride it like Mike's cock. I sat for nearly an three hours, typing on my computer and attempting to ignore my throbbing cock pressing against the fabric of the briefs Mike had given me, before my phone vibrated in my pocket. It was a message from him.

It said Stevenson 250. 10 Minutes. I looked at it for a long time, he wanted me to go to a classroom, why? But not wanting to disappoint him or miss out on a chance to feel his beautiful cock in my ass again I put on my shoes and grabbed my stuff, running out of my room hurrying down the stairs and across the quad to Stevenson Hall. I completely forgot about the massive plug crammed up my once virgin ass in my excitement about seeing him. For a moment I marveled at the transformation I had undergone in the past few hours, from timid seemingly straight guy to cock hungry homo. 

Stevenson was deserted because it was nearly eight o'clock when I walked in the front door. I walked up the stairs to the second floor looking around for 250. When if found it the room was dark and the door shut, I opened it walking in nervously. Was he going to fuck me here in this classroom? I flicked on the lights and perched, very carefully, on the edge of a desk. Slowly the minutes ticked by as I waited for him staring around the bare classroom. 

Suddenly the door banged open and Mike stood there wearing a black wife beater which clung tightly to his muscles, the hair on his chest curling over the top of the neck line, and a pair of gym shorts which hung low on his hips. His face was hard, and his eyes filled with lust. 

He closed and locked the door as he walked towards me, a bulge forming in his shorts. "Still got my cum in you pussy, slut boy?"

"Yes Sir." 

"Good boy." Then he did something that I didn't expect, he drew me into a hard and wet kiss his tongue probing deep into my mouth. I was so surprised that for a moment I did nothing, not knowing how to react as his beard scraped against my face, then slowly I began to return his interest thrusting my own tongue into his mouth. 

Then just as suddenly as it had started he pulled away from my mouth standing up straight again and forcing my head into his armpit. "Lick my pit boy." The smell of his pits was intoxicating, it smelled like pure man as though he hadn't showered after any of our escapades. Timidly I slipped my tongue from my mouth and began to twist my tongue through his pit hair, tasting the sweet sweat that clung there. "Clean it up good boy." After a few moments he pushed my face into the other one and I began to lick again. 

It was strange, he could make me do anything. If he asked me I would do anything. 

"You wanna suck my cock again."

"Here?"

"Here what?"

"Here Sir."

"The door is locked, why the fuck should you care."

I slipped from the desk, falling to my knees in front of him. I worked his shorts down around his ankles, pulling down his underpants with them, exposing his magnificent cock which hung half hard over his massive balls. Opening my mouth wide I took his still soft cock in my mouth and began to suck has hard as I could. He moaned, placing his hands on the back of my head, holding my in place and slowly fucking my mouth. This time I was ready for it as his cock began to knock against the back of my throat and swallowed hard as his cock got deeper into me allowing it to slip past my tonsils. 

Harder and harder he fucked my mouth, his balls bouncing against my chin and his pubes tickling my nose. I looked up into his face as he pumped in and out of my mouth, his face screwed up in ecstasy. Slowly the smell of sweat began to fill the room. "I'm gonna fill you up with my cum from both ends slut boy," and with that he began to pump a load of thick cum into my mouth it's salty taste over whelming my taste buds. 

When he had finished cuming he held his cock in my mouth for a long time, until it had gotten hard again. Slowly Mike pulled it from my mouth and hauled me to my feet. "Let's see this plug," he said, spinning me about and pulling my pants down as he did so. I leant on the desk with my forearms, opening my ass to him as he pulled down the briefs he had given me. "Good boy, you kept it in." he tapped it, and gave it a little shake sending shivers up my spine. 

A tug, and a pull, suddenly the largest part of the plug was pulled from my stretched hole as my ass tried to go back to its original size. Then it was gone. It was the first time in over four hours that nothing had been in my ass and I felt empty, lonely as though my ass were missing something important. 

"You want me to fuck you again? Ready for another round pussy boy?"

"God yes, I want nothing but your cock." 

With that he crammed his cock deep into my ass, using the cum he had left in there as lube and how stretched my ass was to ease his way into my hole. I screamed a little, but this time it was easier and it didn't hurt going in at all. With rough powerful thrust he pummeled his cock deep into my ass, grunting like some wild animal as he fucked my ass. 

Beads of sweat dropped from him onto my ass and his sweet smell filled the room up till there seemed to be nothing but his smell anywhere. With one hand he reached around and began to jerk off my cock, pumping it in time to his ass pounding thrust. 

The far too soon I felt it, a building feeling in my cock almost like I had to pee but different somehow. My balls tightened up to my body, cum churning around inside of them like a building storm. I couldn't stop it, as much as I wanted to I could not stop it I had to...

"Ahhhhh," I screamed cum pouring from my cock pooling on the floor in a gooey white puddle, my ass clenched tight around Mike's cock. 

That was enough to send him over the edge too, he slammed his cock into my as one more time forcing it as deeply into my hole as it would go, his balls pressed against mine and his thick pubes nestled in my ass crack. Thick globs of cum pumped into my ass, joining his old cum some of which had leaked out of my ass and run down Mike's cock as he fucked me. His orgasm seemed to rock through his entire body as the cum continued to spurt into my hole and shivers rocked his body. When it was over he pulled his dripping cock from my ass and replaced it with the butt plug again.

"Don't take it out. Get dressed. You're coming back with me."

I pulled up my pants, trying to wipe the sweat from my face as I shifted about trying to get the plug settled into my ass hole. When I turned around Mike was dressed and had unlocked the door. "Come on, you've got a long night ahead of you."

Trying not to look to excited so as not to give away my joy at what he had said I followed him out of the room and towards his apartment.