 That long night was the most beautiful night of my life as Mike drilled my ass reletlesly, leaving enough sperm in my ass to repopulate the earth. After that I moved in to his place and lived with Mike and his roommates for the rest of the year, only going back to my dorm room when my parents were in town. Although Mike was the only one aloud to use my ass hole his roommates all enjoyed stuffing their cocks down my throat when they couldn't get any from their girl friends. 

Then when the summer came I convinced my parents to let me stay at school, I told them that I was going to take some summer classes and get a job. Which wasn't a complete lie, I did take a math class, and got a job at Abercrombie and Fitch, but that wasn't all. I spent every night on my back with Mike plowing his cock deep into my ass. 

I had told him a long time ago that my birthday was on July 20th, but I didn't think that he had remembered it at all, yet a few days before my birthday he came up behind me when I was washing dishes and grabbing the butt plug which held his cum in my ass he said, "Tomorrow we are going on a little trip, I left some clothes on the bed for you. Pack them up and be ready, we are leaving at eight tomorrow."

I went into the bedroom and saw that he had left me a pair of cargo shorts and a blue t-shirt, and no underpants. I grabbed my backpack and stuffed the clothes in, and set the alarm next to the bed for seven. Then I went and took a shower. 

While I stood soaping my chest I heard the bathroom door open and suddenly the shower curtain was torn back and Mike stood there in all of his naked glory. He must have been working out because his hairy chest glistened with sweat, and a slight smell of man drifted towards me. He climbed into the shower behind me. I was use to this and was ready for him. I felt the butt plug be yanked from my ass to be suddenly replaced by his cock which slid easily into my open hole. 

It had been a long time sense my ass had been tight, but Mike like it open, it was always wither filled with either Mike's cock or the big black butt plug which was already three sizes larger than the first one that he had put in my ass that first night. He took not time in beginning to pummel my ass, holding my back pressed against his chest with a big strong arm across my pecs. 

He came quickly leaving his hot cum in my ass and replacing the butt plug and got out of the shower. "When you're done you should go to sleep, tomorrow's gonna be busy."

I finished showering and dried myself off, and went to sleep. 

The next thing that I remember the alarm went off and Mike's cock was in my mouth. He did this every morning. A hot and steady stream of pee began to pour into my mouth as I swallowed hard being careful not to spill a drop of it. Slowly his cock became hard, "Happy Birthday Slut," he said as he started to fuck my mouth slowly. 

His balls bounced lightly on my chin and his pubes tickled my chin. The thick tip of his cock pushed past my tonsils and into my throat. I swallowed allowing his cock to slip even deeper into my mouth. He grabbed the back of my head began to fuck my mouth as hard as he could. 

After ten minutes of hard fucking, cum rocketed from his cock, joining his piss in my stomach. "Put on some clothes, no underpants, and be at the car in ten minutes," he said and got out of bed. He pulled on his boxers and shorts, and a white t-shirt and left the room. I pulled on a pair of dark brown shorts and a light green shirt and after brushing my teeth I went down to where is car was in the parking lot. 

He didn't tell me where we were going but I trusted him and just sat quietly as he drove northward. After two hours I realized that he was taking me to Chicago, "Are we going to Chicago?"

"Yep."

Mike drove into the city and then turned off towards the airport, he parked in the lot of a Holiday Inn and got out telling me to wait in the car. When he came back he got the bags out of the back of the car and took them, and me, into the hotel room. 

It was a small room with one queen sized bed, and a few chairs. Mike put the bags down on the bed and turned around to me, "So sense it's your nineteenth birthday I wanted to do something special for you. So change into those clothes I gave to you yesterday."

I took out the clothes and stripped.

"Oh, and take the butt plug out of the ass, and go take a shit so that you don't ooze cum into the shorts."

I did as I was told and when I had filled the toilet with Mike's old cum I dressed myself in the clothes he had given me. When I put the shorts on I noticed that there was a hole in the ass of the shorts, that looked as though it had been put there on purpose because it lined up perfectly with now empty asshole. 

Mike lead me from the hotel and down the street a little where he bought us two tickets for the Ell. When we got on the train was full of people and there was only standing room. I found myself pressed against Mike's hard body as the train began to move. One of his hands rested on my hip as he held me steady. I heard a sound like a zipper, from behind me. Wasn't sure for a moment what it was but I quickly realized that Mike had taken his cock from his pants and had quickly stuffed it up my ass through the hole in my pants. I tried not to make a noise as his head knocked against my prostate. 

My own cock was suddenly hard as a rock as the rocking of the train caused his cock to slip in and out of my ass completely unseen by our fellow passengers. He held onto my hips with both hands now and whispered in my ear, "Not a sound slut."

But it was hard, the public location, the number of people, and the incredible depth that his cock had reached had me so aroused that I thought I might ejaculate in my pants and any moment. The train suddenly rocked so hard that I fell against Mike stuffing the entirety of his cock into my ass and a little gasp slipped past my lips. I noticed that a guy sitting a little away from us was staring at me intently, and as the number of passengers thinned as we got close to downtown and then headed away again he still sat there looking at us as Mike slowly fucked my hole. 

When we were the only three left on the train he got up and walked over to us. I could tell that he had a hard on when he stood up. "How long you two plan to go at it, a train isn't a very safe place to be fucking you know." "True," Mike replied, "But it's my little slut's birthday. Only the best for his birthday, you wanna have a go?"

"Here?"

"Yeah, just come around and give him a good hard fucking."

"Alright."

He walked around me to where Mike's cock was still wedged deep in my ass. "I'm Mike."

"Josh."

"Nice to meet you, and this here is Steve."

"Nice to meet you Steve."

Mike's cock slid from my ass and was quickly stuffed back into his pants, and just as quickly Josh forced his own in.

It wasn't as long as Mike's but it was thicker, a monstrously thick Italian cock. He didn't bother with the rocking of the train he just pounded it into my ass pushing stifled gasps and moans from my mouth. Mike watched with a smirk on his face as Josh pummeled my well used asshole. 

Josh didn't last as long as like either, soon the car smelled like men and sex and I felt his cock begin to swell in my hole. Suddenly it erupted like a volcano, filling my ass with thick white cum. When he pulled out of my ass I felt Mike re-enter my hole. 

He started to fuck me mercilessly, hammering my hole like he was trying to force Josh's cum out through my mouth so that he could replace it with his own. As it was when his cum finally did churn into my ass with much encouragement from Josh who had sat down in front of me to watch my face as I was fucked up the ass harder than I had been fucked in a long time. 

As Mike's cum added to my already full ass my own cock rocketed cum into my shorts creating a large sticky spot in the crotch. 

Mike let his softening cock fall from my ass just as the train pulled up to our stop. We bid ado to Josh who had missed his stop in his wish to fuck me and went back to the hotel. 

I got fucked four more times that night, once by both Mike and the bus boy who brought our room service at the same time. The next day we went back to school, where Mike told me that he would be leaving at the end of the summer, and that he didn't want me to come with him. He said that he wanted me to finish school, but I was convinced that I had done something to make him unhappy. Still before he left he gave me as a present to his best friend who rode me like a horse for three days straight when he got me home.