 My heart raced and my nostrils flared as I stood wide eyed and nervous before them. The smell of sex hung heavy in the air and my mouth watered. My eyes were affixed to the spectacle before me and I slowly lifted my shirt over my head. My hands trembled as I nervously fumbled with my pants pushing them, and my underwear, down my strong muscular legs allowing my hard cock to spring free announcing my eager excitement to them all.

"Nice," one of them said with a bright knowing smile. His tone and the approving look in his dark eyes sent a shiver down my spine. 

I couldn't believe what I was doing. I'd never been with a man, much less three, in a sexual way before but I'd fantasized about touching and sucking cock since a beautiful, open minded woman had opened my eyes to the eroticism of male bisexuality. Like most men I had long espoused the beauty of female bisexuality but until her I'd never considered male bisexuality an option.

"Thanks," I said sheepishly as my eyes moved from one well-built man to the next. I'd met them downtown at a gay bar which I'd gone to unknowingly. When I'd realized what it was I began to consider that I might take advantage of my error and maybe make my fantasy a reality. 

I knelt before them as they sat side by side, naked and ready, on the couch. I couldn't decide which cock I wanted first but I moved to my left and grabbed the smallest cock in the room first. It was above average in length and girth and I was shocked at how warm it felt. It was much different than touching my own erection and the smooth flesh silently beckoned me closer.

I gazed into his warm friendly eyes and slowly ran my tongue up the underside of his granite shaft. He was a good looking man, almost pretty in fact, with a muscular and hairless body that looked like it had been torn from the pages of Men's Health magazine.

He sighed softly and I opened my mouth as I reached the tip of his circumcised dick. The salty flavor of precum and sweat danced on my tongue and my cheeks bowed inward from the suction as I sealed my lips around his shaft and savored the taste and feel of my first cock. I knew in an instant that I was hooked and a low, guttural moan rose from my chest as I eased him deeper. I'd occasionally practiced sucking my wife's big black dildo and I'd secretly become adept at taking it to the hilt. His cock was smaller than her toy and my lips reached the root of his delicious tool with relative ease.

His hands clutched at my head and his breathing quickened. My head bobbed and I pressed my tongue against the underside of his shaft. Saliva spilled from the corners of my mouth and I felt his legs tremble. 

His body tensed and he grunted softly as his balls tightened and his cock grew momentarily bigger in my mouth. I felt his cum surge through the shaft and he erupted violently in my mouth filling my cheeks with his warm thick cream.

I swallowed quickly, trying hard not to lose any of his delicious treat but several drops spilled from my lips and I scooped them into my mouth with my fingers and smiled brightly as I moved on to the next guy.

He was bigger, broader and more manly than the first guy. His taut athletic body was covered with a layer of downy fur but his cock and balls were neatly groomed and for that I was grateful. I'd been drawn to hairless men since I'd first acknowledged my bisexuality but I'd be lying if I said he wasn't hot as fuck. His cock, though the same length as the first guy's, was extremely thick and I had to stretch my lips to circle the unclipped head. 

His cock tasted different too. It was more earthy and visceral but no less enjoyable and I sucked and slurped noisily for several long minutes until my jaw ached. I released his dick from my lips and lapped at the frenulum making him moan and squirm in his seat. His breathing labored and I felt his pulse quicken through his throbbing cock.

My fingers closed around his saliva slickened shaft and I sucked hard on the tip as my free hand teased his soft heavy balls.

"Oh fuck," he groaned in a deep masculine voice. He grabbed hold of my head and pushed his cock deep. The fat bulbous tip filled my throat and I felt ribbons of cum pump into my gullet.

Tears streamed down my cheeks and my nose watered as I released his fat, spent dick from my hungry mouth. I felt ravenous and randy. My hands were shaking with excitement when I moved between the third and final guy. He had a strong muscular physique and a big beautiful cock. It looked enormous with a long straight shaft and a pretty pink head that glistened from a generous coating of clear viscous precum. 

My mouth watered profusely and I gripped his shaft with both hands. My tongue slithered from between my eager lips and I dragged it up and down his shaft several time as I looked into his warm pretty blue eyes. I felt an odd, unfamiliar connection with him and it drove me to a place I'd theretofore never dreamed of going with a man. He had been the one who had approached me in the bar. He was cocksure and confident but his tone and mannerisms were comforting and disarming. He had an easy way about him but there was a subtle undertone that made it clear that he was used to getting what he wanted and that was me. But it went beyond that. He was strong and dominant and while I was a typical alpha male in everyday life I had long craved the freedom of being truly sexually submissive to someone. My fantasies, which included the bisexual ones, centered around a strong dominant woman who would coerce me into the bisex lifestyle. I'd never before considered submitting to a man but at that moment I was his for the taking and we both knew it.

I buried my face between his thick powerful legs and planted soft butterfly kisses over his smooth shaved flesh. The fresh intoxicating scent of his natural musk engulfed me and I breathed deep, drawing it into my lungs. My hands moved up his taut thighs and I slid lower, taking his big balls into my mouth. 

I sucked gently on his soft warm orbs, letting my tongue swirl around them as I stroked and squeezed his long, thick shaft.

He moved to the edge of his seat giving me better access to his nether regions and I released his balls from my lips and dragged my tongue across his taint. He moaned in a low velvety tone and I shuddered with wanton desire.

I lifted his legs onto my shoulders and spread his cheeks. He was, thankfully, fresh and clean and I pushed the tip of my tongue against his tight rubbery sphincter making him groan and squirm. My hand continued to work his gorgeous cock while I surrendered to something raw and primal inside of me. I was vaguely aware of my hard dick bouncing between my legs but every ounce of my energy was focused on pleasing him.

He sighed and moaned. Every sound from his elicited a visceral response from me. I read his reactions and reacted accordingly. He was the puppet master and I was his muse.

I kissed his thighs and nuzzled his balls. My fingers raked down his legs and I popped up between them and rubbed my lips up his shaft. I looked back into his eyes and felt a flutter in my belly. My lips opened and I moaned deep and loud as his cock slipped between my lips. He tasted great and I sucked hard drawing precum from his cock like a milkshake from a straw.

His hand rested on my head and he guided me down his shaft until it filled my throat and I gagged. He was bigger than my wife's black beauty dildo. I had laughed when we bought it because she had insisted that it was the size and shape rather than the color which appealed to her. She had, to the best of my knowledge, never been with a black man but I suspected that she was intrigued by the thought.

Tears again streamed down my cheeks as I fought hard not to choke on his big delicious cock. My head bobbed and my hands worked their magic on his shaft and balls. I loved the feel and taste of his cock and I savored every nuance and I sucked and slurped noisily on it.

"I'm gonna fuck you," he said firmly. It wasn't a request. He wasn't asking, he was telling and that excited the hell out of me.

"Please," I groaned wantonly. I'd never imagined being fucked by a man. My homoerotic fantasies had theretofore been oral-centric but I could think of nothing hotter than surrendering my anal virginity to him.

I continued sucking and slobbering on his manhood for several more minutes covering every inch of it with slippery spittle before he guided me off his tool and bent me over the edge of the sofa. The other two, clearly versatile, were in a 69 on the floor. Their slurps and grunts created and erotic soundtrack as he poured lube down the crack of my ass.

His thick fingers plunged into my ass, stretching my sphincter and sending jolts of pleasure and pain through my body. I felt an incredibly pleasurable pressure each time his fingers stroked my prostate and I panted and moaned like a bitch in heat.

He added a third digit to his anal assault and I groaned as a sharp pang of pleasure and pain threatened to buckle my knees. I was breathing heavy and I felt the familiar spiral of a building climax deep in my loins. It was simultaneously familiar yet different from every previous climax and I looked back at him over my shoulder with a ravenous hunger in my eyes.

"Fuck me please," I moaned. My voice was so thick with lust that it sounded foreign to me and my bottom lips trembled with wanton desire.

He flashed a confident grin and aimed his slick, lubricated dick at my gaping asshole. I figured his fingers had prepared me for his huge dick but I was wrong. 

The flared tip of his cock ripped me apart and my knees quivered. He grabbed my hips, holding me steady, and slowly fed inch after inch of his warm throbbing manhood into my depths until he was at long last balls deep inside me. 

He backed out with agonizing slowness, leaving just the tip inside me and then thrust hard and deep. I winced in pain and he slapped my ass hard making my head spin. I couldn't believe what was happening nor how good it felt. Even the pain felt good and he fell into a steady rhythm letting my body respond to his hard deep thrusts.

The sound of slapping flesh rang in my ears and my grunts became urgent and pleading. They mixed with the moans and wet slurping sounds from the other guys to create a symphony of sexual music which filled the room.

I felt myself fast approaching the point of no return and I worried that I might cum before him. 

"May I cum Sir?" I asked obediently. My head was spinning and I tried desperately to stem the tide of my building climax. My breathing labored and my eyes closed tight.

"If you cum before me I will punish you," he replied in a firm unyielding tone. I knew he was serious and I fought even harder to quell my growing excitement. 

His cock pistoned into my depths like a jackhammer and I heard his breathing deepen. He was close too and I squeezed my ass, milking his cock as we both built to our respective crescendos.

He buried his cock inside me and it grew bigger and harder as cum pumped from his balls. Hot cum splashed into my bowels and he grunted and groaned like an angry boar before resuming his powerful thrusts. 

My eyes rolled back and cum erupted from my cock onto the floor. My knees buckled and I slumped forward as he ravaged my asshole for several more moments until his spent rod slipped from my ass. I felt his seed ooze from my butt and a momentary wave of remorse washed over me once my pre-orgasm bliss was replaced the post vlimax doldrums. 

The remorse was short lived as I rolled onto the couch and watched the other guys continue to play. The hairy athletic guy was kneeling over the more effeminate one with his dick up his ass as the bottom lay on his back and stroked his dick. I'd never watched two people fucking before, hetero or homo, and it was an incredibly erotic sight. 

My balls were empty and my cock was spent but my eyes were glued to them. They moved with a combination of fluid grace and raw power and I instinctively rubbed my dick while they fucked. 

I heard the Dom return and he sat beside me. He had washed his dick and freshened up and I reached over with my free hand and cupped his warm package as I continued to watch the show.

"They will both take your ass before you leave," he whispered firmly. He placed his hand on my shoulder and guided me down onto my knees between his legs. He nodded at them and then smiled as I nuzzled his big flaccid cock. He hung an easy six inches soft and I took him into my mouth as the hairless guy moved behind me. 

His cock slid easily into my cum filled rectum and he pounded me hard and fast from behind while the hairy guy left the room. My head rested on the Dom's lap and his cock slowly grew hard in my mouth.

I heard the pretty guy grunt and he deposited a fresh load into my ass while I sucked eagerly on my Sir's big dick. He pulled his spent dick from my ass and the manly guy took his place, fucking me hard and emptying his balls inside me.

I sucked hard on Sir's cock until he rewarded me with a fresh batch of his thick seed and I eagerly swallowed it all. The taste of his cum was fresh on my lips and three loads of man butter oozed from my well fucked ass as I dressed and Sir led me to the door. 

It was a short cab ride from their apartment to my hotel during which I looked at his number in my phone and pondered my future. I was no longer bicurious, having satisfied my curiosity and I was sure that I was bisexual, though who cared about labels. I still felt that I preferred women. They were prettier to look at. They smelled and tasted better but there was certainly something erotic and appealing about a hard bodied well hung man and I was sure it wouldn't be the last time I sucked cock and hopefully not the last time that Sir fucked me.