 Abdul opens my door and I slip in, then swing my legs in. He closes the door. He gets in next to me and starts the car. As we back out the drive, I ask "Where are we going sir? I thought I wasn't allowed to remove my new collar? Did I displease you?"

"I wasn't displeased but the collar is for home and special occasions, not for everyone. We are going to my friends. I owe him some money from a business deal and I need to pay that debt." He smiles at me and rubs his hand up my thigh. I giggle like a girl.

We drive to Wembley and pull up to a small office building. The car park is pretty empty. "Come on he says." As he opens my door. I step out. 

"What we doing he sir?" I ask. 

"I've still got to pay my debts. Bring your handbag", Abdul says and I reach in bringing out my handbag. 

We walk up to the building and you can't see in as all the windows are reflective. As we get near the door, another guy appears there. Similar heritage to Abdul, but about 5'10 tall. Not so stocky, more chubby, a little more hair that is greased back. He gives us a big smile and puts his hand out to Abdul. They shake hands and Abdul introduces me. This man is Sachin. He leans forward, gives me a kiss on the cheek anand I swear his hand just groped my butt! 

As I leave his embrace, I look at Abdul. Wondering if he saw his man groping me, but he is already walking towards the door. Sachin gestures me to follow Abdul and I do. 

We walk through the building and there are loads of empty desks everywhere. Looks like it's not been used in a while. At the end of office was a massive room and there was another guy in there. I'm told to wait and Abdul with Sachin walk into the room. The 3rd guy comes out to greet them. He is about 6" but skinny. Same complexion as Sachin and Abdul. 

They all talk, not in a language I understand. They laugh and talk. I sit there wondering how long Abdul will be. Before I have a chance to let my mind wonder I hear Abdul, "Sammy, come in here sweetie! Quickly!" 

"Yes, sir." I reply and move into the office.

As I walk into the office I see there are 2 couches. There is a desk, with some handcuffs and lube there. I move towards Abdul and he slips his arm around my waist. 

"This is Arjun" As he introduces the tall skinny man.

"You know Sachin." As he gestures towards the guy I swear who is leering at me. 

I nod. "hello gentlemen" I say.

Abdul turns to me and looks at me. "Ok to pay off my debt, you are going to do whatever these men say. You understand Sammy?" 

I nod. I look at him scared. "It's ok sweetie" he says stroking my face.

Sachin walks over to us. "In the girls bathroom is something we want you to wear. Go change now!" And he points to the bathroom over to the right. 

I turn to face Abdul and lean up to kiss him on his lips. We kiss and I then head over to the bathroom. I walk in and shut the door. On the back of the door there is a back. I take if off and open it up. In there I find red corset with a lacey mid drift and black stockings with red bows on the tops. There is a black thong, with red bows on it and black stilettos with 4 inch heels. I put the outfit on, attaching the stockings to the corsets suspenders. I open my handbag to see if I have any lipstick as it was smuged. I see Abdul has packed some perfume as well as lipstick. I reapply my lipstick and spray some lipstick. Hopefully Abdul will like this look. 

As I walk into the office I see Abdul has gone and both men have stripped off. Sachin has a stocky thick cock. Not as big as Abduls in length, but equal to girth. Arjun has a long cock, longer than Abduls, easily 10 inches, but not very thick. They are on a sofa each.

"Twirl for us you cunt!" Sachin says.

I walk into the middle of the room and twirl for them. Arjun stands up and grabs my waist. Pulling me towards him, I almost trip. He kisses me on my lips and I kiss him back. He then grabs my hair and yanks my head back. I yelp out, as he really hurts.

"Don't kiss me without permission you fucking whore!" He then spits in my face. 

I feel my arms getting yanked back and before I can say anything handcuffs are applied. Sachin then squeezes my cheeks really hard, digging his nails in. He then grabs my forearms and forces me to my knees. Arjun slaps his cock across my face a few times, laughing as he does. 

Sachin walks in front of me and grabs my hair, pulls my hair back real hard. I scream out, but they laugh and proceed to spit in my face.

"You know what you are Sammy?" Sachin asks.

"No sir." I respond, with spit dribbling down my face. 

"Your a whore. You want to know how you are a whore? Abdul is using your body to pay off his debts!" Sachin says, laughing.

All of a sudden I feel a spray hit the side of my face. Sachin turns me to face Arjuns cock, who is pissing on me.

"Open up" Arjun demands of me. 

Before I can obey, Sachin is grabbing my cheeks together to open my mouth and Arjun is pissing into it. Feeling his hot piss splash over my lips and down my throat.

"She is a fucking piss whore!" Arjun states, as his hot streaming piss sprays my lips and face now. Sachin is laughing and is now aiming his cock at me. 

"Now I'm going to piss and you aren't going to spill a drop you little cunt. You understand?" Sachin says. 

I nod my head, as Arjun finishes of pissing on me and shaking the rest off on my hair and then rubbing his cock in my hair. I kneel in front of Sachin, mouth open wide and I hold his shaft, to ensure it is aimed at my mouth and I don't want to drop any. He then proceeds to piss straight in my mouth. I swallow it down and then catch some in my mouth, swallow it all down and do this again. I look at Sachin as doing this, who is smiling. As he finishes off pissing, he places his cock in my mouth. I use my tongue and lick his slit clean.

"Hmmm, good cunt." As he runs his friends around my face. 

Then all of a sudden I get slapped across my cheek, knocking me to the floor. Arjun is laughing.

"You fucking whore, you aren't meant to enjoy this!" He screams at me, as he rolls me on to my front on the carpet. I feel him yank my thong to one side and before I know it he has rammed his cock up my boicunt. 

"Nooooooo" I scream out in pain. Feeling his cock lube free in my pussy. I then feel him pushing the rest in. It's so long and hurts. But he don't care. I feel him pull his long cock out and then slammimg back in to me. Im throwing my head back, crying out loud. Back and forth he goes gripping my throat now, choking me as he fucks me. The pain and lack of air, I feel like I'm passing out. 

As I close my eyes, Arjun pulls out fully and then I'm being slapped by him.

"Wake up cunt! We want you awake for this." He says.

As I open my eyes Arjun has hold of my face and then I'm gagging. His long cock feeling my throat. His balls slapping on my chin. Tasting my ass cream on his cock, turns me on. I feel Sachin all of a sudden slapping lube on my asshole. 

He leans forward and nibbles on my ear, as Arjun is skull fucking me.

"Im the nice one" he giggles and smacks my ass so hard. 

I mumble something as I'm being choked. Spit dribbling down my face, my mascara running. My tongue exploring Arjuns cock. All the veins and the length of it. Sachins cock I feel at the entrance to my hole. His cock is a lot thicker and he starts pushing it in my cunt. It hurts and makes me cry, but I'm still gagging as Arjuns cock is being slammed in and out of my mouth. 

Sachins fat cock starts to stretch my boipussy, it hurts but feels good. I try to push back on it, to not delay, but he grabs my hips. As he leans forward, puts his hands in my corset, grabbing and tweaking my nipples really hard. Doing it several times.

He says "I fuck at my speed!"

He pushes his cock in inch by inch as slow as he wants. Im in agony but ecstasy as he stretches me out. 

Arjun then pulls out fully and holds my face up to his, I'm gasping for air.

He says "we love white sissies like you". 

Then he slaps my face. As he does that Sachin slams into me ass. I cry out, as I feel his thick cock fully inside me. Sending pain soaring through my hips. Then it hurts as he pulls it, but then back it is slammed right up there again. The pain is immense, but slowly subsides as he builds up momentum. Im now squeezing my pussy around his cock. 

"FUCK ME SIR!" I scream, with my face now on the floor and Sachin pumping away.

"Seems like she can't get enough. Arjun we better see what she can take." Sachin says.

Sachin takes his cock out and picks me up by hair. He leads me to a couch. He lays down on the sofa and I hesitate. Then Arjun grabs me from behind and moves me towards Sachin. They position me on to Sachins cock, and he grabs my hips. Facing him, I see the pleasure on his lips as he pushes his cock inside me. I moan, loving the feeling. 

Before I can enjoy it for too long I'm shoved over on to Sachins lap. I then feel Arjuns head near my pussy.

"What you doing?" I ask, panicked.

"Double teaming you" Arjun says, slapping my ass. Laughing 

"What, no it won't fit!" I cry, trying to move.

"Shut the fuck up." Says Sachin or we'll beat your ass. 

I feel Arjun slowly slide his cock in my boicunt, stretching wider with each inch. Once he gets over half in, I'm crying and Sachin is laughing. 

Then they start to fuck me in rhythm together. It is agony, but is hitting my prostate. Im loving it every step of the way now. My little cock hard as rock and close to exploding. They continue to fuck me deeper and harder. Feeling every inch of them both. As they speed up, I feel an orgasm getting closer and closer. All of a sudden my little cock explodes all over Sachin.

"Fucking hell, little cunt has cum!" He says still double teaming me. 

"Time we did" says Arjun after a few more pumps inside me.

They ease out together and throw me on to the couch. My ass hurting, but missing them already. 

Sachin grabs my hair and pulls me forward. "Clean up your messy sweetie" he says and holds me close to his belly.

I start to lick up my cum off his sweaty and hairy belly. Im lapping it up and swallowing it. Arjun is sat next to us, jacking his cock.

"Uncuff me and I'll help you both" I say inbetween licks.

Arjun grabs a key from the table, pulls my hands close to him and slowly unlocks my cuffs, but before he releases me he says "any issues and I'm going to shove my foot up your cunt. You understand?"

As I lick up the last of my cum off his friends belly. I nod. Arjun let's go of my arms. I grab his cock, as I grab Sachins. I start to jack both of them and move Sachin to the couch, next to Arjun and I now kneel in front of them.

I start to jack Sachin first and run my tongue over his head, while still jacking off Arjun. I can tell by the sounds Sachin is making and his pulsating cock that he is close. As I now suck his head, I feel him explode into my mouth. His hot creamy fun flooding my mouth and throat. Sachin pushes me down on his cock, I still jack Arjun. 

As I swallow it all, I lick the head and then move over to Arjuns cock. Now, I lick around his head and then lick down his shaft to his balls. I take his big balls in my mouth and suck them both, while now using both my hands to jack his cock. 

He moans, but stands up. "Kneel cunt" he demands "and don't swallow".

I kneel and he places the head of his cock on tongue. Then he moans, cum shooting out on to my tongue and into my mouth. I hold it there as he continues to cum. He finished and I'm holding it all in my mouth. 

"Sachin, anything you want to add?" Arjun asks.

Sachin stands in front of me, cum in my mouth and he spits right into it. 

"Now swallow" Arjun says and I swallow it right down. They both sit on the couch. 

"Hey girl. Come here" Sachin gestures. I go over on all 4s. "You want to piss?" He asks

"Yes, sir." I nod. 

"Ok, lay down and piss on yourself" Sachin says. 

As I lay down on my back. I see a man approaching the door. It's Abdul. I lay back and aim my cock at my face. I then proceed to piss in my face and all over.

"Hey man" Arjun shouts as Abdul walks into sight.

"We are good" he nods and Sachin smiles. 

"Look at her go" Sachin says, pointing at me as I drink own piss and finishing up. 

"Im glad" Abdul says. "Now let me show you what I can do". 

He clicks his fingers and I stand up, bent right over the table. Abdul stands behind me, undoing his trousers and letting them drop. His cock hard and glistening in some kind of lube.

"What you want Sammy?" He whispers. 

"You daddy" I reply, Hoping he likes that.

He grabs my hips and slowly pushes his head inside my now sore boicunt. I moan in pain, but try to hide it as pleasure. He slowly feels my boicunt with his big cock, his balls now between my cheeks. 

Abdul starts to move back and forth. Each time almost taking his entire cock out, but then rammed in again. Throwing me across the table with each thrust. I reach under and massage his hairy balls.

"Fuck me daddy, fuck me harder" I moan. 

This is all the encouragement he needs as he speeds up on my boicunt. I clench it around his lovely cock. In and out, harder and deeper. I feel him tense up after several minutes. Then he moans and empties his seed in me. I whimper. 

"Thank you daddy" as I reach under and massage his balls.

He gives my ass a gentle tap. I feel a butt plug being slipped into my hole and he tells me to go and change. I go back to the toilets and put my dress on, knickers, shoes. Put the outfit on the bag. Fix my make up and spray some perfume.

"You ready Sammy?" Abdul calls.

I walk out and pass the bag to Sachin. "Keep it" he says and wink at me. 

"By boys" i say and blow a kiss as I slip my arm in Abduls .

We walk out and get into his car. As he starts the engine.

"I like being call daddy. You can do that from now on" Abdul says.

"Sure daddy. Does that mean I can move in?" I reply. And we that we drive off.