 Months had passed since my first semester and last semester at college had ended, and I could had finally found my place. A twenty-year-old boy with a cosmetically enhanced ass, living as a full-time sex slave to a man whose name, age, and history were a mystery. I was living the dream.

I handled my own finances, so my parents never noticed when I dropped out. They don't notice much. Sir says eventually I'll need to tell them, but for right now, I'm off the grid. It wouldn't matter if they knew, I've made my decision. My whole life I've felt lost and misplaced, but now I know where I belong. Impaled on the dick of my master. I owned nothing, not even a pair of clothes. I made no decisions, I just cooked, cleaned, and serviced. It was bliss.

I was currently mummified in Sir's basement. It was a nice playspace he had created just for our time together. The floors were padded like mattresses, the walls covered in racks of toys, the spaces between them filled with TVs displaying the most depraved pornography. I was in one corner, leather straps binding my by at five-inch intervals, belted shut. My eyes were covered with a black blindfold, and I had no choice but to accept my place. My dick was bound flat but erect to the point of soreness.

I don't know how long I waited there, but eventually the door opened. Several pairs of footsteps made their way down the stairs, and I could not help but quiver. Sir had mentioned wanting to gangbang me, and as usual he had given no warning. It was the perfect surprise. I could not tell how many people approached me, but someone grabbed my feet and dragged me to the center of the room and began to undo the belts around me.

When I was finally freed, I made no attempt to move, allowing my master to hoist me to my feet like a piece of furniture. My eyes adjusted to the light and I saw five men before me. First was Sir, 40's-50's, stocky build, with beautiful salt and pepper hair, and a light beard. He smiled sadistically, and I knew he had something good planned. Behind him were four strangers I knew would soon be inside me. One was a skinnier man with glasses, probably in his 70's, with wide rimmed glasses, and a look of shock on his face. The next was a dark skinned man, about as old as Sir, but with a shaved head and wide shoulders. After him was a shorter man, about as tall as I was, with a significantly large gut, definitely obese. He was sweating with anticipation, and while I was not in any way attracted to him, I knew it was my duty to submit. The last man was young, only somewhat older than me, looking bored and disinterested. He had blonde hair and was very obviously muscular, his tight clothes struggling to contain his pecs.

"Whore," my master told me, "These are my friends. They are each going to breed you, and you will serve them as you have served me. Now I think 'Mr. Blonde' here will have the first go."

"Mr. Blonde," as he was called, stepped forward and grabbed my wrists firmly. I did not struggle as he lead me to the center of the room. I did not resist, staying limp as he cuffed me with the bonds supplied by my master. They were metal cuffs that cut into my wrists, but it was not for me to complain. He hung the cuffs from a hook that dangled from the ceiling. It had been adjusted so that my toes barely touched the ground when I hung from it. I strained to stay till, but I was already becoming sore. "Mr. Blonde" as he was named, stepped out of my view and began rustling with the trinkets adorning the walls.

Without warning, a sharp pinch attacked my testicles. I cried out in pain, looking down to see a metal clip with a small metal weight attached dangling from my scrotum.

"Oh shut up," Mr. Blonde told me from behind, "You stupid cunt."

I didn't respond, trying not to let the sharp pain in my nutsack overwhelm me. Just as I began to get control of the situation, another clip was added and I cried out in pain again. A third clip was added and now my testicles were ablaze. The sensations blended, stretching and pinching from multiple points, it was all so terrible, but I knew I had no choice.

I tried to distract myself once again, listening to the rustling of Mr. Blonde behind me. I had no idea what he was doing, before a sharp crack rang out, and my back felt like it was on fire. My newest tormentor had just flogged the center of my back. Thankfully, it helped shift focus from my undercarriage. It helped distract me even more when the next several strikes painted my upper and lower back red.

"Look at you," Mr. Blonde told me, striking again and again, trying to get my entire back a nice shade of pink, "Not even resisting. It's pathetic, really, just a dumb animal who needs to be bred."

I could no longer hold in my struggle and began crying out while felt my skin redden. The strikes got progressively harder, while my skin became even more sensitive. I flat out screamed as the blows began to wind down, becoming more spaced out.

"And this," My torturer spoke softly, ceasing his assault. "This fat fucking ass," with that he flogged my ass, Sir's most prized possession, enhanced with fat from my stomach and tattooed to read "Cum Dump." "This fat ass is befitting of a cow, not a man."

The blows to my rear came at incredible speed, one after the other. I felt my sensitive flesh bounce and jiggle endlessly. I cried out, feeling the cold air on my back, and the constant searing pain of my testicles.

"You stupid cow," Mr. Blonde told me, slowing once again. Only this time he struck with all his might, once, twice, three times, causing me to jump at every blow. I steeled myself for a fourth, but it never came. Tears poured down my cheeks, and I silently hoped it had ended, but a jingling sound behind me said it had not.

Mr. Blonde stood before me, now naked, his hands full of metal clothespins. I winced visibly, causing him to laugh in my face.

"Dumb bitch," he said, clipping the pins down my abdomen, six in total. I was never great with pain, so tears now flowed freely from my eyes, but I knew I had to take it. This was my life. Mr. Blonde circled behind me and returned with the flogger. I squirmed, causing the pins above and below my waist to exacerbate their violent sensations. "You deserve this, you stupid cunt," my abuser told me flatly.

With a quick motion, the flogger flew at me, knocking the lowest pin off my flesh. I screamed in agony as it was yanked loose. My face was just as red as I assume my back was.

"Please..." I begged, crying fully.

Mr. Blonde laughed and flogged another clothespin off my body. I screamed in pain, but before I ended, he struck another, this one refusing to come off. That was, until he struck it harder, causing me to flail d convulse in pain. The remaining pins came off in a blur. All I knew was that every inch of my flesh begged for release. Mr. Blonde circled behind me once again, like a shark.

My asshole was well lubricated and plugged, and I assume Sir's friends knew this. I assume this because the large rubber plug was yanked out of me, my hole gaping wide for all to see. A cock I did not recognize was shoved in roughly, upsetting my intestines that had been shaped by Sir's many forceful entries. I gasped out, this newcomer not concerned by my pleasure, merely using me as a fleshlight.

"Just an animal," Mr. Blonde growled in my ear, "Meant for breeding."

His hands grabbed my copious ass flesh and pulled me back and forth into his pelvis. The pins holding on to my testicles shook and rattled with each thrust, causing immense pain to flood my mind.

"Moo for me you disgusting cow," The man inside me growled, "Moo like a dumb cow."

"Mooo!!!" I cried out in pain, not daring to disobey.

"Louder!" Mr. Blonde roared.

"Moooooo!!!!!"

"LOUDER, COW"

"MOOOOOOO!!!! MOOOO!!! MOOOOOOO!!!" I screamed, the pain too much to handle. I continued debasing myself with as many "Moo"s as I could, hoping to end the pain, hopefully pleasing my temporary dom.

It worked fortunately, as the thrusting stopped, and Mr. Blonde stepped away. My own master walked over, beaming proudly, and undid my cuffs, which had torn into my wrists without my knowledge. I fell to the floor, limp and sore, while Sir unhooked my testicles, looking almost concerned. Presumably he wanted me to perform well for the next several men.

"My turn!" One guest yelled, and in moments the obese man stood over me. He was squat, with trunk-like appendages and a stomach that hid his feet from his own vision. "On your back, slut!" He proudly told me, and I sluggishly complied.

Thunderous footsteps followed from behind, until a shadow clouded the lights over my head. With a loud thud, the obese dom fell on top of me, knocking the air from my lungs. I gasped for air, as a small prodding found its way to my asshole.

"You've got one nice ass, boy," The overweight man whispered into my ear, his cock barely entering me, before pulling out, "If you were mine, I'd pay top dollars for the doctors to take my fat and put it in your glutes."

Even more of his weight shifted onto me, my eyes straining to see while a wet tongue explored my right ear. I felt his gentle thrusts rubbing against my ass cheeks, missing my hole each time.

"Imagine it, you'd be pinned to the floor by your massive butt, stuck there until I decided it was time to pump a load into you," he whispered. I could barely hear him over the loud ringing that filled my skull, and I hoped he couldn't last long. "You'd have to survive by taking cum up your intestines, wouldn't that be nice?"

Finally, he grunted and his hot seed sprayed all over my left ass cheek. It wasn't much but I was starting to lose consciousness. A large wad of spit landed on my right cheek before the behemoth on top of me rolled off. I gasped and gulped for air, thankfully no one came near me.

Sir squatted next to my head and gently rubbed my hair. I looked up and smiled weakly at him, begging wordlessly to let me prove myself to his friends. He smiled back and stood up, allowing me to roll onto my sore back and look up to see the older man smiling at me, naked.

He had a sparse covering of hair on his head, but the fur became thick as it covered the area below his neck, his chest and stomach matted with it. His groin looked like it had never been shaved, but I knew I had to please him. It was just hair, after all.

With a groan, he sat cross legged on the floor and motioned for me to approach. I climbed up to my hands and knees, and crawled, sashaying my rear like Sir had taught me. I stopped just before the older man, and he smiled kindly.

"You know what roleplay is, right?" He gently spoke to me. I nodded, wondering what was in store. "Just call me daddy then, son."

I smiled and spoke in a lighter voice, trying to sound naive, but not too young. He wanted roleplay, not pedophilia, "Daddy, can I please suck your cock?"

"Yes you can, son," He said, joy plastered on his face. I crawled closer and buried my face in his crotch. His wiry hairs brushed my face while I searched for his cock. It took me a moment, but I found his semi-hard dick and began lathering it with my tongue. I drooled on his member, hoping to get it hard while my new "Daddy" moaned and whispered things I couldn't hear.

When it was finally hard enough, I took the entire appendage down my throat. Sir had trained me well, but it helped that he was only about five inches. I bobbed up and down, taking his entire length, before retreating back to the head, and so on. I felt a swell of pride knowing my new Daddy was enjoying himself.

"Stop! stop," The owner of the dick I slobbered on told me, eliciting my retreat. "I want to get in that ass before I blow," he told me. I laid on my back and raised my ankles to my shoulders.

"Please fuck me, Daddy."

With some effort, Daddy crawled over to me and inserted his average prick inside me. I let out a loud moan to continue the act. It felt good, honestly, but I needed him to be happy. His smile told me I had succeeded.

"Jeez boy, you feel so used," Daddy panted between thrusts, "I thought you'd be a virgin."

I was confused for a second before I realized this was a part of his game.

"I was lonely Daddy," I told him, "I found guys who wanted me, older guys, they reminded me of you. Ohhhh," I moaned for emphasis, "I wanted you all this time Daddy, I just didn't know how to ask."

I thought I saw a tear well up in Daddy's eye, but I'll never know because moments later I felt a familiar warmth in my ass. He came just from my dirty talk. I smiled warmly, having enjoyed his company the most, but I was surprised when he leaned down and kissed me. We held our lips together for a short time, before he pulled out and got up.

"Alright, we're running low on time, so Mr. Black, you're going to need to share," Sir told the remaining man, the two of them stepping close to me. Sir had just been looking at his phone, so I wasn't sure what was going on. I stood up, and suddenly had the back of my knees kicked.

"On your knees, cow," Mr. Blonde said from behind me. My back tingled just at his voice. Sir lay down in front of me, a gentle smile on his face, his large cock pointing at the ceiling.

"You're gonna love this, boy, trust me," He said before snapping his fingers and pointing at his cock. I understood immediately and leaped onto his erection, my sore innards immediately feeling at home with him inside me again. Mr. Black approached me, his dick leveled with my mouth. It was bigger than the others', but not as big as Sir's. I think Sir had planned that.

"Lube me up, slut," Mr. Black demanded, his white teeth flashing. I opened my mouth just as Sir lifted my waist and brought me back down. I moaned feeling every nerve inside me come to life. Mid-moan, Mr. Black's cock rammed to the back o my throat. I gagged and sputtered, but soon recovered.

Sir knows every way to pleasure me, so it wasn't easy to suck Mr. Black's dick. I oozed precum all over my Master, barely able to focus. My oral skills must have been lacking, because the man in my mouth grabbed the sides of my head and began thrusting in and out on his own. I'd been face-fucked plenty before, so it was easy to just sh off my head and allow myself to enjoy Sir's cock in my ass. As much as I love being owned, it's this moment that gets me. My prostate being squashed against his dick, taking over my very soul. It proves that I am just a fucktoy.

"Mr. Black, time to refocus," Sir told the man above him, looking at his phone again. Mr. Black then pulled out of my mouth, and walked out of my view. I had no idea what he meant, but I soon learned when I felt his dick pressing against Sir's in my ass.

My eyes widened, and I looked down at Sir, who simply looked stern at me.

"What are you?" He asked.

"A cum dumpster," I responded.

"Exactly, just enjoy it," Sir told me. I trusted him.

Mr. Black's dick popped inside me with little resistance, but a lot of pain. I howled in pain, the only thing helping was that the motion had stopped. I shook, the intense feeling overwhelming me. I gulped in air, and tried focus on the pleasure. That was when I hit Nirvana.

Every pleasure sensor inside me was alive, being touched and tweaked all at once. My lower body went numb, and all I could think of was how badly I needed to cum. Sir wiped some drool off my lip and thrusted into me. Stars shot in front of my vision, and a powerful burst of dopamine punched my brain. I needed another hit.

Sir and Mr. Black took turns sawing in and out of my overtaxed hole, and I couldn't help but babble at the feeling. I was pulled back to reality when I heard the basement door open, and several feet climb down the stairs. When the new arrivals finally came in view I was shocked. It was my parents.

"JAMES!" My mother cried, her hands covering her mouth.

"WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE?!?" My father roared, his arms around his wife.

I was frozen in terror. My secret life was now public. There was no going back. I was--

"Tell them what you are," Sir whispered beneath me.

I realized the truth. This wasn't my secret life, this was who I am. It was time they knew.

"Mom, Dad," I began, when someone, I think Sir, thrust into me. I moaned loudly, precum squirting out of my painfully erect penis. "I-I'm," I stammered as the men inside me continued fucking me. "I'm... I'M A WHORE!!!" I finally blurted out, looking my parents in the face. "I'M THEIR WHORE!!! I'M NOTHING BUT A FAT ASS CUM DUMP!!! I NEED DICK MORE THAN I NEED AIR!!! I, OH GOD, I'M GOOD FOR NOTHING BUT GETTING FUCKED!!!" I final gave in and shot my load all over my master, screaming in ecstasy. At that moment I blacked out.

* * *

When I finally came too, I was lying on top of Sir. His cock had softened inside of me, but I still felt incredibly full. His arms were wrapped around me, and he was smiling.

"You did great, you little slut," He told me. "All my friends told me they wanted to borrow you for weeks at a time, but I said no. Do you know why that is?"

"Because my holes belong to you, Sir," I beamed.

"That's right. Your parents left, saying something about not wanting to see you again. I guess that settles that."

"My fat ass is all yours, Sir." I responded.

"That's right it is, though right now it's filled with more loads of cum than I can count. We'll need to retrieve a plug or it'll all pour out when I stand up." My master added, "You love that, don't you, cum dump?"

"I do, Sir," I said, feeling more fulfilled than I ever have.

"I have so many more plans for you, slut," Sir told me, a wicked grin on his face, "I've never seen a whore fit an entire baseball bat in his fat ass, but if anyone can do it, I know it's you."

I imagined the feeling of a hard metal pole stretching inside me, and felt a flash of pain. When it subsided, I imagined the pleasure of it. "Maybe we could fit some baseballs in there, too, Sir. Fat asses are meant to be stuffed."

"That's right, you whore, now open up," Sir told me, putting a hand on the top of my head. I opened wide and he spit a wad of saliva into it. I swallowed it greedily before showing my empty mouth off. Sir smiled and grabbed handfuls of my ass, "You are the best piece of fuck meat there is."