 Despite all the love, sweat and heat, make no mistake, we were still in prison. A miserable, suppressed, restricted life. Being in love with Jake was both amazing and frustrating. He was amazing, but it frustrated me how little I could for him. I wished I could serve him, massage him, cook for him, be dutiful in ways other than in bed. There's so much in prison that I couldn't act upon. Outside of bed, it frustrated me how little I could do for him. While those were my daily frustrations, I was reminded by the reality of prison when an even more terrifying and violent day arrived, three months into my sentence. 

The prison air conditioning finally stopped working, no more than a frustration in the outside world. But here with over 150 prisoners, most of whom ended up in here because of their stupidly hot temperaments, it made for quite a dangerous atmosphere. 

On a Friday afternoon, a gang squabble at lunch unexpectedly turned into a huge brawl. The guards lost control and retreated, holding the prison under lockdown, trapping all of us in the lunch room. In the scuffle, the inmates arrested one of the guards, holding him hostage like a mob. 

The warden acted swiftly and ruthlessly. Within 15 minutes the guards returned fully equipped from the armoury. Some stood on the pathways above, while some at the gate. They began by lobbing riot grenades at us. Immediately most inmates including Jake and I hit the ground to duck. They then opened the gate, marched in with shields and opened fire on whoever was in their way as they tried to clear a path and rescue their colleague. Rubber bullets, but still very painful nonetheless, even deadly at close range. 

As we all stuck to the ground like cowering rats, the warden then walked in rather casually, through the path that the guards made. He went to the centre table, kicked off any trays that were still present and stood atop the table, in the middle of all of us, no one being able to do a thing about it.

He spoke very casually, "Right, now remember where you are, and remember what you are. We are working on the air circulation problem, but till then I will have order in this place." 

And with that, he walked out followed by the guards. They resumed their normal duties, though remained in their riot gear. 

We all began to get up. "Jake, Jake are you okay?" I asked, noticing that he's not all well. 

"I can't move my arms," He replied. 

"Oh my God Jake!" I exclaimed as I saw his back. He had terrible bruising throughout his upper back and shoulders. One of the riot grenades were thrown near him. He and many others got it bad. 

I wasn't hurt too badly, and helped him up and went with the others to the medical wing. "Fortunately Jake, it's not as bad as it looks. Your shoulder's dislocated. We'll set it back and it should take 4 to 5 days to be back to normal. Painkillers will be sufficient. You will however, have mobility challenges at least for 3 days," the doctor explained. Jake looked at me. He was very stressed out. 

"Anything I could do to help doctor?" I asked.

"Are you his cellmate?" he asked.

"Yes," I replied. 

"Well please help your buddy out here. He might have trouble even doing some simple things for the next 24 hours." The doctor advise.

"Doc, please hear me out," Jake spoke in pain, "Look, you know who I am. I can't do much right now and this will be an opportunity for others to beat me even worse. Perhaps put me in a bag." Finally realising the situation, even I got very worried. With Jake in this state, both of us will be in danger. 

"Can't you put me in solitary? Or keep our cell locked at all times?", asked Jake.

"You need help Jake. You might not even be able to feed yourself over the next 24 hours." Explained the doctor.

"I'll help," I chipped in.

"Solitary only has one bed,", the doctor replied. 

"It's fine, I'll sleep on the floor. Doc, if Jake is in this state, they'll come after both of us." I explained. 

After thinking for a moment, he agreed, "Fine, I'll put in the recommendation, but I'm not guaranteeing anything."

The arrangement was granted and we were transferred. "Hmm, this is solitary confinement? This aint so bad!" I reckoned. The room had a single bed, but also its own shower cubicle, which was 5 star by prison standards. "Is this where you were before you came back to our cell?" I asked Jake.

Jake laughed dismissively. "Haha. This is medical solitary genius. Yeah this is 5 star I guess. The solitary for bad behaviour is more like minus 5 star!". Nevertheless, I soon learned that this was quite an uncomfortable arrangement. There was only one single bed, and I didn't want to join Jake. He was in pain and needed to rest comfortably. There wasn't much space to stretch my legs and there was just a single plastic chair to sit on. Jake dozed off for the rest of the afternoon and I just relaxed on the floor with a book. 

It was dinner time and food was delivered to us. I had to help Jake sit up on his bed as they brought his tray. Jake soon got frustrated. It's bad enough that we are not allowed forks and knives, but he also realised he couldn't even lift his hand to his mouth. He couldn't feed himself.

"Hey baby, that's what I'm here for," I asserted to make him feel at ease. I cautiously got on the bed with him, and began feeding him with my hands.

"This really sucks," He said. I got visibly deflated and he saw it. "No Daniel, it's not you. It's just, I had to feed my mum like this once after my dad beat her so badly. He used to beat us so much, that fucking asshole."

"I'm so sorry," I replied. I really didn't know what to say. He's been through a lot. I wished things were different. 

"Nah, that was a long time ago hey. It all turned out fine in the end, right? I became a criminal and now here we are in a 5 star room. Living it up hey!" he laughed cynically. I smiled sheepishly back at him. 

I then leaned towards him, caressing his cheeks. I kissed his lips gently and tenderly, smelling his beard and rubbing my forehead against his cheek. 

"You deserve so much better than this," Jake spoke dismissively.

"Don't. Don't do that please. Jake, I love you," I spoke softly as I kept rubbing myself gently on his cheeks. "I'm not stupid. I know what's around us."

"You just need to do your term and get out of here. Don't look back," he said. 

"I'll always look back. Wherever you are I'll look," I whispered to him. I fed him another mouthful for him to stop moping. After dinner, I stood him up off the bed and walked to the sink, where I washed his mouth and face. "Did you notice that this room has a toilet in its own separate room, with a door, for a single person?" I changed the topic. 

"Yeah, fucking assholes!" Jake and I laughed at the irony, comparing it to our regular cell. He needed the restroom and I helped him get there as well and gave him some privacy. 

He took unusually long in there. I came knocking at the door, "Jake, are you okay in there?"

"I need help," Jake said frustratingly. He was so embarrassed. "I can't even wash my own a..", he muttered. 

"Shh baby it's okay!"

"I'm so sorry. No, look I'll figure something out...", He replied. Before he could finish, I was already there with some water and paper to clean him. He just sat and buried his head into my chest in embarrassment as I knelt over to clean him. "I'm sorry. You're so good me."

I made him stand up and then took him to the shower. Thankfully the water was warm. I undressed my wounded beast and got naked as well, and got into the shower with him. He had to bend down for me to wash his hair. I then soaped him and scrubbed him gently. First his neck, then hairy chest, and torso. He looked at me so embarrassed as I went lower. I scrubbed him right down to his feet, and then paid extra attention to his crotch. 

I enjoyed every minute of it, feeling him, touching him everywhere, leaving no square inch of him unclean. I normally don't have the opportunity, with my man taking charge, so I took advantage. I intimately scrubbed him. I handled his balls gently and scrubbed his dick, kissing it and rubbing my head all over it. Despite his upper body pain, he was still hard down there. 

I then stood up and held his joystick hard as I leaned into him, "My joystick is still working just fine" I teased. I then turned him around to scrub his back. His hands just limped down in pain. After scrubbing his back and scrubbing his bum well, I stood and cuddled him gently from behind as I massaged his dick. He had such a terrible day and it even brought back some bad memories. I desperately wanted to get his mind off of things. I masturbated his hard dick and he moaned so adorably. My wounded lion. I cuddled him passionately, rubbing my hands up and down, kissing his back as I stroked his dick, the warm water trickling down both of us. I felt his strong heart pound as I rubbed up his chest. He felt as wonderful as ever. The water trickled down his majestic body, his hard abs. I moaned at the feeling of his hard, veiny, throbbing dick as I masturbated him. He rested his hands on mine and tilted his head back. I stroked him gently, then harder and faster until he couldn't take it. He finally erupted his thick hot seed into my hand and into the shower. I kept stroking him till my lion became like an adorable kitten. 

I then washed him and dried him with a towel. I helped him brush his teeth, and laid him to rest in bed. With my beautiful love tired and spent, he slept quickly and well. I tried my best to get comfortable on the floor. It was a dreadful day, but I felt grateful that I got a chance to do so much for him.