 For two summers in between college, I worked at the VL local headquarters, running their endless errands: out to procure office supplies, out to procure sports and recreation paraphernalia, and out for bar supplies. I come from a pretty liberal and pacifistic family, so I was surprised when I got the job, but they seemed friendly and generally disinterested in politics. Later I figured out why they thought I was useful. 

The vets are mostly Vietnam era to the early Afghanistan deployment. Many are built strong and tough like the 50s something local commander, an ex-Marine. 

One day, my girl Holly was just leaving from her lunch hour as I was packing away the latest procurement of bar supplies. The branch commander approached me and curtly spoke, “Kurt, we would like you to come and meet with us in the pool room down in the basement please.“

“Yes sir!” I thought I had done something wrong. 

The pool room has dark paneling with bright lights and posters of khaki and camouflage clad grunts with dark hardware: helicopters, tanks, Humvees, and such. Even though most of the services were represented in the posters, it was very GI and enlisted men in tone, not at all higher officer material. There were three other vets in the room. This was a veterans’ setting so I knew it was inappropriate to ever stand at attention but I stood before the small Commanders’ station trying to pose a respectful posture. The Commander spoke again. “Now Kurt, you are a good kid who is diligent and good at his job. We all like you here. You seem to have a nice girlfriend which is none of our business, but we want your relationship here to become very much more personal and very much our business.“

The Commander saw the puzzled expression on my face. “Let me explain something about our past and military life, son. There are more women in the services now, but there are strict regulations about fraternizing with them. Anyway, it was not always so and half of them are dykes anyway." That brought a smile to faces of the others in the room. "Anyway, access to other women has always been limited and men in the services have sought alternative means of satisfying their urges. I think you know all good boys have physical urges, don’t you son?“ 

My mouth started to go dry. I think I knew where this was leading. But why is this an issue for them now. They are all married. “Young man, good looking boys like yourself have been sought out by enlisted men and officers alike in all the different services for generations for the purpose of satisfying our natural urges -- not pretty, but with solid blond and slender good looks like you. That shouldn’t be any surprise to you, now is it?”

“No, sir!” I still didn’t get it. They were in civilian life now. He addressed the issue next. 

“Now we all have wives now and even girlfriends on the side. But you have to understand son that once you have had the taste of a male that way you can never get it entirely out of your system.” 

I knew where this was going, now. I sensed that there might be a momentous and exciting change in my life and I could feel my gender organ start to twitch and swell in the thong under my shorts. 

“Now kid, I think you know what I am getting at here and I will just say that in the past young men who have been selected for these special services, once they give themselves over to the idea of acceding, enjoy the role they provide for their fellow men in arms exceedingly. You could leave here right now and we would not fire you, just suddenly make your job very unpleasant. My advice son, is to take us up on our offer and embrace the high probability that what you will do to be service to those who have served your country will bring amazing pleasures to yourself and those you who need you and who you serve so up close and personal.” 

I couldn’t talk. It was the first gay feelings I ever had. I didn’t know they were there. But I had never been hit upon so directly and no one had ever expressed their physical need for me so intently. It was an unmistakable turn-on. 

I must have looked awfully dopey, because the Commander suddenly flashed an impatient and peeved expression. “Now look here, son. We don’t force ourselves on anyone. The choice is yours. Ether you can turn away and continue with the work for your day, or you can serve the men who served your country by TAKING YOUR CLOTHES OFF NOW. If you want to serve those who have served honorably, then STRIP TO BUCK NAKED,. . . . NOW! We want to see the desirable goods.“ 

I was frightened by his bellicosity but it sent shots of electricity all throughout my lower torso. I started to wrench off my sneakers. There was no turning back now. Intense gay sex was definitely the agenda for the afternoon and it was the most exciting adventure of my life. “Yes, sir! I am taking off all my clothes now.” 

“GOOD! Judging from that lump in your shorts you have already accepted the idea that there is something good for you in this convenient arrangement. Unseemly as it may be, trust me when I say you will be doing many honorable things for us here.” I was naked by now and thrilled to be scrutinized and be more vulnerable sexually than ever before in my life. There was nothing I could do to keep my slender cut 7” cock from flinching a little up-and-down dance. The Commander just watched silently for about a minute. “I like that. That shows you are working up the idea of what we are going to do to you. Pete, would you pick the kid’s clothes and hide them away until we are finished with him.” He addressed me again. “You’ve got a nice length of hardware, there son. I’ll bet it is an important part of your girlfriend’s life right now, but it doesn’t especially interest us. Now I would like you to turn around and casually walk over to the pool table and lean against it when you get there.” 

I did as I was told silently. At first the only noise in the room was my bare feet padding against the floor. “Oooo, gentlemen, did you see that. The kid has as hot a round pair of cheeks on his backside as we thought.” It was delicious to be admired and desired so. “Now Sarge, you know what to do.”

“Yes, Captain” 

The Sarge collected a simple chair and set to one side of me. I was instructed to lift my left leg and step my bare foot on the seat. I complied. It had the effect of spreading my ass slightly. The Sarge then spit on his fingers and quickly goosed me with one of them in plain sight of everyone in the room. He looked at my exposed and available anus more intently and spoke. “Captain, he has a real sweet pucker. And his cock just flinched when I poked him there.” 

“Good! Excellent! Things are progressing very smoothly. Now Kurt, my boy, you are looking forward to all the raunchy things we are going to impose on you this afternoon, aren’t you?” 

“Sir, yes I am very much looking forward to what all the gentlemen will be doing to me today.”

“And what do you suppose that is?”

I hesitated at first, but it enthralled me to say it. “You are all going to FUCK me, sir.” 

“Well yes, that and other things perhaps. But that is very good for starters. Now it is just not this afternoon, is it? You are going to come here on all your assigned days and when we ask, you will descend to our basement and strip buck naked and do all these raunchy personal things with us with regularity, won’t you?” 

"Oh yes please, sir. I want you to fuck me and do all other things to me that will satisfy your urges whenever you want.” 

“Excellent! Just so there is no misunderstanding. We like enthusiasm in the military, Kurt. And I must say you have developed a very good attitude. The best attitude you can have to be of service is to be a slut to our advances.“ 

“Oh yes sir, I am sure I will be a very good and very willing slut for whatever physical demands you impose on me.” 

I was startled that the Commander had approached me from behind. “Look at me, son." I nearly jumped to turn around. He had a burning expression as he looked directly into my light brown eyes. “You are especially hot for me, aren’t you Kurt?” 

“Yes sir, you attract me the most.” It was true. 

“You want me to fuck away your cherry and you struggle to imagine what my hard manhood looks like.” 

“I am sure it must be a beautiful sexy thing to behold , sir” 

“You want my hard body and wonder what it must be like when we have sex together when I am naked." 

“Oh please sir, that would be so hot and wonderful for me if you let us embrace together, buck naked.” I was genuinely nearly in tears with the insanely erotic suggestion of the moment.

“All in good time, son. Now I want you to kneel down and unzip me to reach in and extract my manhood. Handle it for all the need you have to do so and look it over very carefully.” 

“Oh, thank you, sir.” My fingers trembled clumsily as I sought to unzip the camouflage pants with the flimsy fabric. I reached in to pull aside a jock strap to wrap my fingers around a monster thick hot cock and maneuver it out into open exposure without tugging any long hairs from his very ample pubic growth. It was so thick and throbbing and pulsing with life. It was the first hard cock I have encountered live aside from my own and I could not dispel my fascination with it. 

“You have never been fucked before have you, son?“ He was affectionately tussling my hair. 

“No sir!” 

“Good! Good! You want me to fuck you with that cock, don’t you kid?”

I astonished myself as I confessed my new horny desires to him. “Oh sir, I think I need you to fuck me. I can feel my little back hole there twitch and squirm with desire to be stretched open and filled with it.” 

“Splendid! Well, I think we are all sufficiently desirous of satisfying our urges, before we proceed with the main event I just need you to help me strip out of all my clothes.” 

“Oh thank you sir.” I helped him out of his Hawaiian shirt and issue tank top. He has a splendid hairy broad chest with perpetually hard turned on brown nipples. His muscled thighs and legs were in first rate condition. 

“You want me. Don’t you, kid?” 

“Sir, I am hot for you. Take me and have your way with me.”

“Reassume the same position you were against the table.” I did as ordered with my left leg propped up by foot standing on the seat of the chair again. He breached me shallowly with spit cover fingers. He rubbed his cock along my crack and against my puckering opening, only enhancing my desires. “Just a tease, but be prepared for a full assault momentarily.” He suddenly burst his monster meat through my tiny opening and plowed through my ring to cram the huge thing completely up my rectum and into my bowels in one full thrust of forward stroke. 

“Ooooooooaaahhhhhh!” I squirmed with the burning heat of it, but still loved the pleasure of being stuck this way by another man’s powerful desires.              

“You like my big fat greedy meat up your teeny little slut hole, don’t you kid? I got to hand it to you, you sure are tight up there.“ 

I squealed and squirmed as he turned himself this way and that. “Oh it feels like heaven to have my little hole invaded by your throbbing meat sir. Please fuck me any way you want me to. I need for you to fuck me so bad, sir.”

His forward thrusts jabbed me with such force that I was throttled against the pool table. It was the best sex I ever had in my life. “Ahh, ooooo, eeeeeee, ugh!”

“You like me FUCKING your little tight slut hole, don’t you Kurt?“

“Please fuck as hard as you want. It is beautiful. I will always be a slave to your meat, sir. Ugh! ugh!” 

He changed his pace and would shift me about on the table. The three others in the room just looked with expressions of lustful fascination. When he wasn’t pumping with enough force and speed, I found myself shifting back to increase friction on the great organ of manhood that impaled my most private anatomy. I became addicted to the sensation of hard friction against my prostate on the first penetration. Several times I reached to jack my own tool. Three times I was brought to climax and little loads of my stinking jizz splattered about my flesh or the table. 

Just before my last orgasm, my assailant finally announced his own release. (The hot old dude can carry on forever.) “You sleazy punk, I am going to cum a giant barrage into your very guts. Ahhhhhhuuuughhh!“ As I released for the last time, it felt great to feel a tough man squirt his soothing and ample apportionment of slick man seed deep into my bowels for the first time. It lined my whole cavity and came gushing out of the edges of my guy puss long before he softened up. My puss wanted to snuggle his manhood for eternity, but it was inevitable to slip out. 

The room positively reeked of man sex, but the Commander had not had enough. Next he had me blow Pete off. I was elated how easily I emerged to enjoy the task. He is about the same size and shape as I am. The texture and taste of cock in my mouth was very pleasing if not a major turn on. I was so curious about what it felt and tasted like to have him cum in my mouth, I sucked like a demon to make him cum. Not bad when it erupts so fresh out of the pee hole. 

The Sarge fucked me that afternoon and then the Commander took me for another quickie. It was 5:00 before I was allowed to put on any clothes and I returned to my girlfriend’s apartment. I am afraid she didn’t get any that night. Before I stepped in to the car, he shook my hand to congratulate me and actually kissed me on the cheek. “Kurt, you are a strong young gentleman. You performed a wonderful service this afternoon. We will be grateful for many repeat performances.”

I must confess I became very bored with the work at the VL except on those occasions when they would want me to strip buck naked and thrillingly service them as their bitch and butt boy. We more often used the day bed in the Commander’s private office and other vets enhanced the experience by serving as willing voyeurs. Gang bangs were frequent and desired. 

Pete had confided to me that he told his wife about what was going on at the local. He convinced me to secretly meet with him at his house one night so we could have sex while his wife watched. Perhaps that event is worth another story to be posted in the future. 

After I graduated and having taken another job, when my sex life becomes hum drum, I visit the local and we reacquaint ourselves with exciting good times. I am still with Holly and I only recently confessed about my gay side. Dumbass that I am, I should have known that would be exciting for her. Our new game now, is to play psychologist. She pretends to be my shrink while I stretch out on the couch nude, jacking off while I relate to her my fantasies about gay sex. She diddles herself into some mind blowing orgasms then. She loves the story about how I was head gamed into gay pleasures and wants me to convince the Commander to let her watch as he and all the other vets have sex with me. I think that is a tall order, but maybe one day.  

Thanks in part to long discussions with Holly, I am now completely at ease with how I service others who have served their country.