  This is for a special friend, whom I hope will realize who he is should he ever find his way back to my page. I wrote it with him especially in mind. It might not be perfect but I hope you enjoy it. As a note, I left Max's image blank in hopes that people might be able to imagine themselves (or whomever they like) in his position, rather than giving you two characters to enjoy. 

*

It was a moment like no other, that's the only way I can explain it even to this day. I won't bore you with the before, though I've heard it's a great lead into any story, but this isn't a story this is passion. Let's get a few things straight before I go into this one night of magic. My name is Max, and I've been as straight as a guy can be for twenty-five years. I played football (though I know all the innuendos that go with the sport) and I played soccer. My first crush was at fourteen and I gave her my virginity. It had been special, but somehow not as special as this. I met Ben at a bar, I was there to see a girl but that never happened. I don't know what drew me to him or him to me but it was a powerful attraction. You know, it's really weird even now for me to say that; to say I was attracted to another man.

Ben was lean, like a runner, with dark hair and vibrant blue eyes. He had a natural warm glow to his skin that even now I can't help but dream about. You have to realize how embarrassed I was to be checking this guy out, that while my eyes were running over his form my body was reacting as it might a beautiful woman. I had left the bar rather quickly because of that only to stop about a block away, trying to get a grip on myself. That's where Ben found me. He had my jacket and with the smile playing on his all too perfect mouth I knew he knew why I had run out the way I had. Offering me my jacket he spoke in a low voice. "You look like you could use a drink or two."

"Yeah." I said with some relief behind my words. I had had this queer, fearful feeling that he was going to assault me right in the street. No, assault isn't the right word because I don't think any part of me would have been saying no; it just wouldn't have been... right. I wasn't gay!

Ben seemed to sense this and with ease gave a cock of his head to the left. "I live a few streets down, why don't you come over and try to relax a bit. I don't think you want to go back into a bar just yet, but I wouldn't feel right leaving you alone."

Oddly touched by his words I gave a nod and the two of us walked together down the street towards his home. It felt like it would if I was going with a friend. The silence was relaxed, the pace unhurried, but my heart was beating in my chest like it was trying to break free and my cock... my God, my cock was getting harder by the second. I was thankful that his home wasn't too far away, afraid that I might spill myself right there in my pants if we continued much further.

His home was tastefully decorated for the small apartment that it was, black leather couch, dark wood furnishings, LCD TV with surround sound. His breakfast bar was used more like an actual bar, and he poured two scotches before taking a seat beside me. In the living we drank and talked about mundane things; the weather, the latest happenings in the world. After a while though, Ben put down his glass and turned to me. It was clear he wasn't certain how to break through the ice either, his mouth opening and closing as if to say something before finally mumbling about getting us more to drink. I don't know what came over me but I reached out, my hands reaching out to grip one of his shoulders and a fistful of his shirt, keeping him in place as my mouth touched his neck.

I felt the shudder run through him and for a second I let my mouth linger there, fear going through my head that I made a mistake. However, Ben eased that fear. He reached up, cradling the back of my head, running his fingers through the short blonde hairs that were there even as he tilted his head back. With a groan I tasted his skin. I licked and nipped, easing closer to him. I knew my boxers were wet with precum and that again I was close to losing myself; yet at the same time I didn't care. It was like I knew Ben wouldn't think less of me.

I was in heaven sucking and nibbling at the warm, salty taste of his skin, drawing in the breath of rich cologne and the forest-scent of deodorant. I didn't think I would ever find those kinds of scents appealing but really, it was a drug that made my mind swim. I felt his hands on me as I clung to him, felt my shirt being loosened and then pulled from my pants. My body jumped at the first touch of his hands on my skin, his broad palms and long fingers dragging the undershirt up my torso.

"Easy," he said as he urged me onto my back. He smiled at me in that relaxed, masculine way we men tend to have, and looked me over. I felt vulnerable beneath his gaze, especially as his eyes lingered on that so obvious tent in my pants. I wanted him to touch me there; I wanted to thrust into his fist while my face contorted with pleasure. I gave a groan at my own thoughts and heard him chuckle before his hands were once me once more, caressing over my chest. "This your first time?"

I could only nod my head yes, hissing as I felt his nails scrape at my flat nipples. Yes, I said in my mind. Yes. It was an agreement to anything, everything, all that he wanted because at that moment I couldn't have cared less so long as he didn't stop. I gasped as his head lowered and his mouth parted to let that warm, wet muscle graze over each of my abused nipples. He held me steady as he worked, listening to me whimper, feeling me writhe to do more. As he changed to my other nipple, I gave a hoarse cry as his teeth caught the bud, pulling before his mouth sealed over it. Gently he sucked, lapping at it. My head fell back; my cheekbones flushed dull with color, one of my hands now coming to rest on his head. Oh god, this was heaven. Pure heaven.

Ben drew away after a moment, cool air striking my lower belly, pulling me from my euphoria to realize that while he had been paying such delightful attention to my nipples he had been opening my pants. I felt like a randy schoolboy, lying there with my clothing askew, his gaze viewing that tent now made by my boxers through the opening. Gathering up his glass, Ben sat back and he smiled at me, a purely masculine smile once more. "Strip for me."

It was the kind of the thing I said to women all the time, enjoying the way they wiggled and moved to get out of the complexity of their clothing. However, now being on the receiving end I wasn't sure what to do. Swallowing, I felt my Adam's apple bob and I looked away before rising up. I flushed as my pants fell down around my feet, the wet fabric of my boxers clinging to the head of my cock as I pulled off my button down and then undershirt. I gave him a timid glance beneath my lashes before allowing my boxers to pull free. There was no helping the tortured groan that left me when I peeled the wet fabric away, watching as my cock sprang up and curled against my stomach, wetting my skin with my own lubricant. Panting, I took a seat and removed my shoes then socks, pushing down the bunched fabric of pants and boxers until I was naked once more.

Glancing at Ben, I saw him grinning as he moved to loom over me, hearing him mutter you're going to like this before I was pushed out in a sprawled position once more and my cock was in his hand. Oh yes, I thought, I was enjoying that, but then his mouth moved over my head and I had a new shock to my senses. It seemed Ben had been chewing ice as I stripped and the crushed, melting pieces were cupped in his cheeks and sliding over his tongue as he slurped down on my shaft. The sound I made was between pleasure and pain, and my hips bucked as if to be free of the torment.

Panting like I had been in a marathon, my head tossed and turned, my eyes rolled back into my head as I clutched at the cushions of the couch, certain I would shred them as I tried to figure out just what I wanted. By the time Ben pulled his mouth away I was shivering from the chill of his mouth and the desire that flowed like lava through my veins. Surprisingly, though, the need to release myself had abated and looking at the knowing man beside me, I realized that had been his intent all along. It was certainly a surprising way to find out.

Watching him lick his lips, he grinned at me before rising up. I lay there, watching as he stripped, his cock soon bobbing into view as he remained standing. He was a glorious specimen of man and I almost felt ashamed about myself in comparison. He didn't seem to notice, though, as one of his hands came to his cock, stroking the thick, vein-covered length then fisting the flared purple head. "Why don't you give it a try?"

I knew without asking what he meant and even as the butterflies rapidly beat their wings in my stomach I sat forward and leaned in, my mouth opened for him. I couldn't help but close my eyes, shivering as I felt him rub the head of his cock against my spread lips, continuing until my tongue eased out on its own, eager for a taste. That seemed to be the reaction he had been waiting for, Ben dragging the head of his cock over my tongue, leaving a string of precum attached from my tongue to his cock. 

"Suck it." He said, whispering the command, his voice more compelling than demanding. Leaning in further I wrapped my mouth around the length. There was a faint ache to my jaw at the new sensation but that didn't stop me from exploring. I used my mouth, my tongue, salivating over him like a dog with a bone. I could hear him groan above me and when his hand fell to the back of my head I knew I was doing well. Yes, I thought to myself, yes. This felt good, so good. I couldn't believe it.

When Ben pulled away it was with a heavy pant, his body shuddering with need as I saw the damp sheen of sweat on his body. Giving me a lopsided grin, he reached out a hand. "Come on."

Taking his hand, I allowed him to lead me into the bedroom, the furniture just as posh and simplistic as the living room. By the side of the bed he came to a halt, drawing me close so that our cocks touched and rubbed against each other. His face was serious as he studied mine and he reached up to cup one of my cheeks in a tender gesture. "How far are you willing to go?"

I hadn't thought of it, but now that I did, I wanted it all. I flushed, uncertain I could tell him that I wanted him in my ass but he gave him a small smile of understanding before nodding to the bed. "Get on. I'm going to get something special for you."

It sounded like another line I'd tell some chick but I didn't see Ben that way and I was certain he wasn't seeing me in that light either. Climbing onto the bed, I wondered what position I should be taking when I heard him from the other room. "Ass up, if you don't mind. It will make it easier."

Easier? I couldn't help but wonder what would be easier but I climbed further along the mattress before relaxing down on my elbows and knees. I felt rather funny seated like that, feeling the cool air of the room brush against my testicles and over the puckered hole that would soon be stretched out. I heard Ben enter again a second later and before I knew it he was behind me. His hands were warm on my ass, kneading the firm muscles, pulling and stretching the skin before moving his hands down my thighs to do the same. "Just relax for me, okay? And let me know if you want to stop."

I could only nod; uncertain I'd be able to utter any word at the moment. I heard the sound of a cap before something cold dropped down against my skin just above my anus. I knew I whimpered and I heard Ben's hushing tone in a soothing manner before his fingers were there. They rubbed the lube into my skin slowly, working the crevices of my tight starburst. I couldn't help but moan yet again, rocking into his fingers as one hand continued to hold my ass tightly.

"Yes," he said, his fingers becoming more vigorous as they rubbed the muscles, slowly pushing in, "that's it. Just like that." His encouragement was all I needed and this time I didn't jump as I felt one hand withdraw and add more of the lube. Gradually Ben worked on finger then two up my ass, spreading the tight muscled hole open so he could pour some of the lube into the dark channel. I shivered at the sensation, thinking of his mouth on me with that ice. I could feel a cool, tingling sensation move through my body as he worked the lube in, massaged my body to prepare me for him. 

A gasp left when his free hand came around front, wet with lube now too and began to work it over my cock. I heard a grin in his voice as he began to work me front and back. "This should help take the sting out of your first time... and prolong your pleasure."

Great, I thought to myself, just what I needed. I was already desperate, couldn't he tell? His hands left me after a minute and I could hear him cleaning his hands before a new cap was unlatched. He wasn't touching me though, and I could hear the slick sound of his hand on flesh, his groan as he stroked himself. Looking over my shoulder, I watched with awe the erotic scene behind me. He looked gorgeous coated with the lube and he gave me a grin as he reached between my legs with his slick fingers and began to fondle my balls. 

This lube was different and I gave a hiss of delight as a second later my skin began to heat up. I knew my heart was near bursting now; thinking of the two lubes combining in my body. I wondered how long I would last but it didn't seem it would matter much now. Ben was shifting up behind me, one hand on my ass as his other hand stroked the head of his cock up and down along the crack of my ass. "You ready?"

My only response was to push back; seeking to line him up against that opening I wanted so badly filled. He took my gestures as permission and one moment later was slowly pushing inside. This was different than his fingers and my breath caught in my chest. I squeezed my eyes shut, gasping for breath as I felt him force that ring of muscles open further. Oh god, could I take it? I didn't know.

Ben gave reassuring sounds as he eased and pressed into my ass gradually until suddenly I felt something pop in my body. The head of him was in my ass. Oh my god, the head of his cock was in my ass... and I was leaking like I was taking a piss. I felt Ben lean over me and press a kiss to my back, telling me how great I did, allowing me to adjust for a moment before he began to push in more.

The cooling lube helped keep me from feeling anything too painful but I certainly felt him enter me, sliding deeper until his hips were grinding into mine. I could feel my muscles working around him, heard him groan in pleasure before he drew me up. "Look." Was all he said.

Before us was a mirror, and I could see myself against him, see the one hand on my chest holding me in place, the other sliding down my stomach to wrap around my cock. His mouth was close to my ear as he whispered. "I'm going to fuck you now. You ready?"

I gave a jerking nod of my head before his hips began to move. It was slow at first but gradually he began to pick up speed. I moaned, his heating lube taking over where the chilling one had left off. My ass felt like it was on fire, a wet fire that spread from his cock through my veins. Lowering me back down on my hands and knees, I couldn't take my eyes off the sight of Ben's body rocking into my own. By now my hips had taken drawing back and urging towards his, meeting him thrust for thrust, pushing my swollen cock through the slick vice that was his fist.

The sounds of our pleasure began to fill the room, mingling with the slap of flesh and the squelch of lubes and juices combined. Ben's hand finally released my cock, coming to rest at the curve of my shoulder and neck, squeezing as of to hold me in place. "Work that prick, come on. Let me hear you beat your own meat."

I didn't have to be told twice, and I reached down, stroking myself for all I was worth. Ben's cock was moving fluidly in my ass now, plowing that massive head against my prostate in a way that made me want to scream like a girl. I could tell he was getting close, his motions becoming jerkier, his hand tightening on my shoulder. "Cum." I heard him say. "Cum for me now while I cum in your ass."

I didn't think I was going to be able to. As aroused as I was I had reached a plateau where I needed something to push me over the edge. Feeling Ben's hot spunk fill the bowels of my ass did it for me. As he grunted and bucked into my ass, I was giving groaning low and loud, my fist speeding over my cock like nothing before.

I soaked the bedding beneath me as time lost all meaning and all I could feel was the white hot, pleasure coursing through my body; made that way by Ben's continuing thrusts. As my ass milked his cock, his cock abused my prostate more until we both landed in a heap on the bed; too tired to do anything more than lie together.

I fell asleep like that, Ben's cock still in my ass, his arms around me as he snuggled me close. He offered soft kisses to the back of my neck and shoulders, whether in praise of affection I'll never know. Even in sleep my cock stirred awake, ready to go again and I groaned as I rubbed myself like a wanton into Ben. He gave a sleepy chuckle as he reached down and touched my cock, gently fisting it. "Mmm glad you enjoyed it."

His voice was gravely and it sent a shiver through my spine, feeling it vibrate against my back while his hand continued to touch me. Hope filled me that we might experience this again only to feel him press a lingering kiss to the side of my neck. "Next time," he said; slowly pulling free of my ass, "I don't want you too sore you won't be able to sit straight."

Right, I thought to myself. Good point. I still had work in the morning. Slowly we left his bed, Ben pulling on a pair of lounge pants as I went into the living room to dress again. He met me at the door, offering me a hug that lingered, our bodies fully pressed together. Taking a step back he looked me over before smiling. "If I don't see you at the bar again, I'll know what it means. But I'll be waiting for you." He paused, before grinning. "I'm Ben, by the way."

I felt that queer sensation in my heart again and even while I blushed I gave a smile and nodded, barely remembering to offer my own name as I fought to contain myself. We left at that, a taxi waiting outside that Ben must have ordered while I dressed. I was feeling relaxed, euphoric, and more pleased than I had in a long time. I knew it wasn't love I felt for the man I had just met but it was something special, something worth far more than the one night stand that it was thus far.

After the taxi dropped me off at home I went upstairs to my one-bedroom apartment, shucking off my clothes. I paused as I stared in awe at my boxers once they had come off. Inside them was some of the semen Ben had injected deep in my ass. I flushed deeply, gasping as the sight gave me an instant hard-on. Falling onto my bed, I jerked off like crazy, letting my mind relieve the moment. I felt more of Ben's spunk slip out of my ass as I came and without thought pushed my fingers up into my dirty ass, causing me to jerk and writhe in a second orgasm, my cries hoarse and high pitched before I fell yet again into a sated sleep, content to remain as I was until morning; soiled sheets and all.