 Here's a short little fantasy I wrote. The characters are actual furs, but the story is fiction.. or is it? I hope you enjoy. 

*****

I'd been dating this scruffy, little pup named Bryon for about a month when I first stayed over at his house. He wasn't the most attractive and he had the temperament of a schoolboy, but I was lonely. More so, I loved staying at his place because that meant I got to see his roommates. 

Bryon lived in the small closet/hallway of his roommates' bedroom. Which meant, I got to sneak a peak anytime I wanted. There was Nieto, a stocky tiger with the ability to draw anyone's attention. More importantly, there was his partner, Gearmo. This particular canine had elongated ears that twitched when he was up to mischief and legs that went on for days. Bryon worked almost around the clock. So, when I'd stay over, it meant I got to spend time alone with Gearmo. 

It was early in the morning in Bryon's bed. He had already left when I woke to the sound of springs. At first, my instincts told me to explore, but after a moment, I could hear more. The grunts were coming from around the corner. I slowly veered into the bedroom. Nieto was mounted on top of Gearmo, fucking him. This didn't seem like your average morning sex. This was rough and primal. I couldn't help but sit and watch from a distance. It wasn't long until I watched as Nieto thrust deep inside Gearmo, pulling him back onto himself. He let out a roar of completion before leaping from the bed and grabbing a towel. I quickly sprung back into the safety of the bed, out of view. I laid my head on the pillow just as Nieto walked past and disappeared into the bathroom. I opened my eyes and looked down at my briefs. I was leaking almost through them. I decided to wait until Nieto left for work to emerge. 

When I finally did get out of bed, Gearmo was in the living room. I walked past their den of passion and spotted what looked like stains on the sheets. I closed my eyes for a moment and imagined smelling the sheets. I imagined the musk and sticky smell of their acts and I could feel my pants throb. I made my way to the living room and spotted Gearmo. He was lapping the remaining milk from a bowl and watching TV. He chest was bare and a happy trail of dark fur led down to the colorful briefs he clearly bought for people to see. 

"Oh, hey," he smiled. "I totally forgot you were here." He made a half assed attempt to cover himself with the bowl he held in his paws. 

"It's fine," I laughed, motioning to my shirtless chest. "I don't feel like getting dressed either." Gearmo smiled at me out of the corner of his mouth. I made my way over the the futon and sat next to him. "So, how is your day going?" He peered over at me as if to try and decide if I'd heard them earlier. 

"Good, why?"

"No reason. I was just wondering. I know when I have a workout that early in the morning, my day is pretty good." His face blushed. 

"Oh, shit. I'm sorry man." He lowered his head and smiled a little. "Like I said, I forgot you were here."

"It's fine. I didn't hear much anyway," I lied. "Anyway, after getting off, you should be nice and relaxed, right?" I smiled and thought that'd be the end of it. 

"Nah, he never gets me off in the morning." My interest was piqued. 

"Oh?"

"Yea. He gets pretty into it in the mornings. He just wants to get off and get out the door. I don't mind though. I usually jerk in the afternoon." I leaned back against the back of the futon and made it a point to spread my legs a little apart. 

"Wow. That sucks. Well, I'll head out later if you want some privacy."

"No, no," he explained quickly. "Yo don't have to go. It's.. it's fine." We sat there for what seemed like minutes just waiting for the other to say something. 

"Well, I'm gonna take a leak," I told him before getting up and walking to the doorway. I glanced back. He looked so sensual sitting there, his ear perked. "You can go to the bedroom and do whatever you need. I'll stay out here when I get back." I walked to through to the bathroom. I kept hoping that he'd follow me. He didn't. I pulled my semi-hard cock from my boxers and pissed. I let my head roll back and imagined him knocking on the door. Afterwards, I returned to the living room to find Gearmo was gone. I chucked a little before sitting on the couch. I kicked back and propped my feet up on the coffee table. 

"Hey, man," I heard from a distance. "Could you come here for a second?" It was Gearmo. I hesitated at first, but my curiosity picked me up and pulled me to the bedroom. I pushed the door open to find my fantasy was about to come true. 

Gearmo was on all fours on his bed. His ass was facing me, his back arched upward and tail curled up to reveal his back sack. I stood there for a moment, thinking that I was imagining it. He turned his head to me and asked, "Finish me?"

I quickly dropped my boxers to my feet and approached the bed. I sat up on both knees and slide up toward him. My hands ran down his dark fur, round the curves of his cheeks and gently caressed his hole. I heard him let out a small whimper. With that, my sex drive was in full force. I spread his cheeks apart and plunged my face into his ass. My tongue slide up and down his hole before penetrating deeper and deeper inside. I felt him push back against my face as my tongue continued to massage him. I could taste small remnants of Nieto's seed on him, but that only fueled my desires more. I could feel my cock throbbing and dripping, waiting for its turn. I got back up on my knees and inched against him. 

"Don't go easy," He moaned. 

"I didn't plan on it." I held my rocket in my hand and slid it's wet tip against his puckered, wet hole. I ran my hand through the soft hair of his back as I slowly shoved my cock into him. He let out a loud scream of ecstasy as I began to pull and push deeper and harder with each thrust of my hips. I reached forward and grabbed his shoulders. 

"Oh, fuck! I've wanted this so bad, buddy!" Gearmo was arching his back and swirling his ass back up against me. I pounded him harder and harder with each whimper and moan. I felt my seed filling up as I got closer and closer to completion. 

"Oh, man," I exclaimed. "You're gonna make me cum!"

"Breed me, please. I want you inside me!" Those words were all I needed to thrust as deep as I could and squirt my load, painting his insides. I let out a loud moan as I felt his ass clinch and pulsate. Gearmo squirt his load all over the bed before sitting back to kiss me. I ran my hands down his furry, warm body and laid with him in what was now our den of passion. 

We spent the next few weeks doing the same dance. Anytime we were alone, Gearmo and I would satisfy each other's hunger and quench our thirsts. Eventually, we moved apart and the fun ended, but I'll never forgot that first time and how it felt.