 PRELUDE

Rick Jennings rolled over in bed on a Saturday morning and took a hold of his erect 7" cock. He stroked it for a few minutes and then decided to get up and take his morning piss. He rolled his 6'2" muscular body out of bed and walked naked into the bathroom. After relieving himself he left the bathroom after cleaning up a bit and made his way down the hall past one of his roommate's bedrooms. He saw that Tom was also awake but he had not moved out of bed.

"Hey Rick, good morning, are you headed for Danni's room."

"Yeah, I'm horny since we didn't get laid last night. I feel like fucking him."

"Me too but don't cum in him. I want to fuck him after you do." 

"Gotcha, I'll let you know when I'm finished."

Rick then proceeded to Danni's room and he found the pretty gay still sleeping. He was naked and lying on his stomach with one leg slightly bent. Rick looked at the lovely shapely ass on the petite gay and he stroked his cock into hardness. He spotted the anal gel on the night stand and used it to lube his shaft. Just then Danni turned his head toward the young hunk and smiled.

"Did you come here to fuck me again?"

"I sure did. I love that sweet ass of yours."

"How do you want me?"

"On all fours in the doggy position, it's my favorite. I love looking at your lovely bottom with my cock in it."

Danni took the gel and lubed his anus in preparation for receiving the impressive thick cock. Rick moved behind him and ever so slowly eased his stiff dick into the snug opening. He was always gentle with Danni and fed it to him gradually. Once he was all the way in then he picked up the pace and steadily fucked the marvelous derriere.

"Stroke my cock for me Rick."

He reached around and took a hold of the 5" pecker and stroked it as he fucked the cute blonde. He had gotten used to masturbating Danni over the past month and found that he really didn't mind doing it. It was a bit strange holding a slender cock smaller than his own. Danni came quickly and sprayed his seed on his bed sheets. As he ejaculated he tightened his sphincter each time gripping the thick cock in his rectum. 

The contracting and releasing action of the sphincter did it for Rick and he pulled out just before he came. He aimed his cock at Danni's anus and watched as several streams bounced off the puckered ring and landed on the curvy buttocks. Rick then put his cock back in the receptive ass and let Danni milk the shaft dry. He could have fucked Danni again but he knew that Tom was anxiously waiting.

"Stay here, Tom wants to fuck you too. I'll go get him."

Danni smiled and remained on all fours. Seconds later Tom was in bed with the pretty blonde gay and drilling the sweet ass. He too jerked Danni off as he fucked him and they both came. Tom however did not pull out and filled the rectum with a substantial load. He eased his big dick out of the curvy bottom and playfully patted the cheeks.

"Let's get cleaned up Danni and go out for breakfast. Rick and I want to go to that omelet place."

"Oh good, should I dress as Daniel or Danielle?"

"Dress as Danielle and wear that short tight mini skirt, the one that shows off your shapely legs and great ass."

"I love that outfit. I'll be ready in a jiff."

The three of them showered dressed and went out for breakfast. It was a drizzly day and going out for breakfast was a good idea. Since it was crummy day weather wise they would spend the rest of the day in the condo having sex anytime they were in the mood for it.

A MONTH EARLIER

Rick and his best friend Tom Cooper were sitting outside at a coffee shop looking through the want ads for apartments to rent. They were both recent college graduates recently employed and needing to find a place to live. Two bedroom apartments were expensive in the city and the nearby suburbs. Even if they got a one bedroom it was no bargain either. 

"Hey check that out walking toward us," Rick whispered. 

Tom looked up and they both stared at the shapely blonde walking toward them. She had long straight blonde hair with lovely legs beneath the tight mini skirt. She smiled at them and walked straight toward them.

"Rick and Tom how are you two? What brings you to this side of town?"

"Do we know you?" Tom asked.

The blonde sat down and crossed her lovely legs. "Yes, but you know me as Daniel not Danielle, who I am today."

"Holy shit is that you Daniel Lewis?" Rick blurted out recognizing a former classmate.

"The one and only, so what are you guys doing here? I know that you're not gay."

"We're not familiar with the city and we were looking at apartments to rent. So let me ask you are you one of those transgender people?"

Danielle laughed and replied, "No I'm into cross dressing. I like to dress up like a girl at times. Some days I'm Daniel and other days Danielle."

"Well you do a good job, any ideas about reasonable places to live?"

"Everything is pretty expensive, why don't you guys stay with me for a while until you find something. I own a completely furnished three bedroom condo and there is plenty of room."

Rick and Tom looked at each other questionably and then Rick asked, "How much would you want for rent? I mean in case we take you up on your offer."

"Oh, I don't need money. I work for my father and he is very wealthy. You know that I am gay so I would ask that I get to suck your cocks when I'm in the mood."

Tom and Rick both blushed and smiled at each other. "I don't know Danielle, we would have to think about that," Rick responded.

"Well here's my card, think it over and give me a call. I'll leave you two to discuss it alone."

That said Danielle stood up smoothed out the mini skirt and left the coffee shop. The guys watched him walk away and they both admired the curvy ass as it undulated beneath the tight short skirt.

"Christ Rick I never expected that. Can you believe how much he looks like a girl?"

"A pretty one with a killer ass at that; what do you think about his offer?"

"It is certainly appealing financially but moving in with a gay and letting him suck me off when he wants, that is a stretch."

"I don't know. We had gays suck our cocks in college. Hell we even butt fucked a couple of them."

"Yeah but that was when we were horny and desperate to get our rocks off. Living with a gay is totally different."

"I say we give it a try. It would be just until we find our own place."

"Okay Rick, it's your call but I want to reserve the right to call it off if it gets too weird."

"No problem, good it's agreed then. I'll give Danielle a call."

"Can't we call him Daniel instead of Danielle? It freaks me out."

"I'll tell you what we'll call him Danni. That way, it won't make any difference how he is dressed."

Rick later called Danni and told him that they accepted his offer. He was thrilled to hear from Rick and gave him the address to the condo complex. It was agreed that Rick and Tom would move in that weekend. The guys were thrilled to learn that the train station was just blocks away and they could use public transportation to commute to work.

That evening Rick and Tom stopped at a bar to celebrate their good fortune. At least now they were under no pressure to find a place to live before they began their new jobs. While they were celebrating Daniel was in his condo sitting naked in his easy chair watching his favorite porn movie entitled, "Bi-tops and their Pretty Bottoms." He chose to watch that video and imagine that Rick and Tom would be his tops. As he watched the movie and as he fantasized he stroked his average size cock until he ejaculated into a towel he kept nearby. He wondered if Rick and Tom were hung. He liked big dicks but not too big. Time would tell because he knew that on Saturday he would be sucking both cocks.

SETTLING IN WITH DANNI

The following Saturday Rick and Tom arrived and they were pleased to see Danni dressed as a guy. He invited them in and showed them around the condo. The upstairs had three bedrooms and two baths. Rick and Tom would each have their own bedroom but share the bath. Danni had the master bedroom with its own bath. Downstairs the family room was large and there was a ½ bath, laundry room, dinette and kitchen. The guys very impressed with the condo.

Rick asked, "Danni, how much do these places cost?"

"There are five different models running from $300, 000 to $500,000 for a large one like this. But remember I told you my dad is wealthy. Come on, I'll show you around the complex."

Danni showed them around the condo community. There was a large swimming pool, a couple of Jacuzzis and an impressive fitness center. Rick and Tom were overwhelmed and Rick was already thinking that he wouldn't be in too big a hurry to move out. They offered to take Danni out to dinner to celebrate.

"I would like that should I dress as Daniel or Danielle?"

"Dress like Danielle, wear that hot mini skirt," Rick replied.

The three of them went to a nice Italian restaurant and Danni got a lot of looks for other guys. The food was excellent and the wine selection superb. Looking around Rick assessed the clientele to be a mix of gays and straight people. Over dinner Danni explained his rules for the guys staying with him. There were to be no girls and no parties. He was to get to suck their cocks when he was in the mood and if they ever wanted to fuck him he was okay with that.

"Tell me about the other residents. Are they all gay?" Rick asked.

"No, there are gay guys and girls, straight singles and couples."

"So Danni, if we hook up with some chicks at the pool, you're okay with that."

"Yes as long as you go to their place."

"That's fair, I like the rules."

Tom had remained silent the entire time and he knew it would be an adjustment for him. They left the restaurant and returned to the condo where Danni fixed them a drink. They sat in the family room and chatted for a while before Danni was ready to see their cocks.

"Okay guys, time for the first installment, who wants their cock sucked first?"

There was never any doubt that Rick would be the first and he stood up and dropped his pants and underwear. Danni knelt in front of him and gently handled the impressive member. He was pleased with Rick's size, bigger than average but no too big.

"You have a nice cock and I am going to enjoy sucking it." 

Danni took the cock in his mouth and it was more like making love to it than a blow job. He actually looked quite sexy on his knees still dressed like a girl. Even Tom was somewhat turned on by the scene. He would feel better about Danni sucking his cock while he looked like a pretty girl. Danni was so good and Rick was so horny that he shot his wad quickly. He had the courtesy to warn Danni.

"I'm really close, I'm going to cum."

Danni took the cock from his mouth and stroked it as Rick shot several streams of semen in the air onto his lap. When the cock finished spurting, Danni too it back in his mouth and sucked it clean.

"Stay there, I'll get you some paper towels from the kitchen. Tom you can get your cock out now. I'll do you next." 

Tom shrugged his shoulder and dropped his drawers as Danni fetched the paper towels. When he returned he handed the towels to Rick and then knelt down in front of Tom. Assessing the big cock he liked what he saw and held in his hand. Tom and Rick were about the same size.

"Wow two beautiful cocks in one night. I couldn't have planned this better."

Danni began sucking him and all Tom saw was the pretty gay dressed as a woman with long blonde hair sucking his cock. He decided that he could live with this as it was just like a girl sucking him. Danni was good and Tom could not remember a better blow job. Rick watched the scene in front of him and he got turned on again. He got ff the sofa and got behind Danni. He lifted the short mini-skirt and pulled the silk panties down to Danni's knees.

Feeling sure that Rick was going to fuck him, Danni told him to get the anal gel in the master bedroom. Rick removed his pants and underwear and darted up the stairs to retrieve the gel. He was back in minutes with the gel in his hand and he began to lubricate the taut anus. Danni loved it when someone else prepared his ass. Rick thoroughly lubed the anal passage and then his cock. He moved in close and pressed forward spreading the rubbery ring. The cock head popped through and then Rick stopped and let the channel expand before pushing forward.

Little by little he fed more of his cock to Danni until he was buried balls deep on the sweet ass. Tom watched with interest as again it was really like watching a girl get butt fucked while he was getting his cock sucked, something that he and Rick had done frequently in college. Danni's cock and balls were hidden from view and he looked very sexy getting butt fucked with his skirt pushed up to his waist. Tom was so engrossed in the scene before him that his release snuck up on him and he barely had time to warn Danni.

Just as he had done with Rick, Danni jerked Tom off and watched the streams of semen shoot into the air. Rick tossed the paper towels to Tom as he continued to fuck Danni's curvy bottom. Danni was now stroking his own cock as he too needed to get off. Without warning him this time, Rick ejaculated into Danni's bottom. That set Danni off and he jerked off into his hand. 

"Oh yes, I feel it Rick, cum in my ass!"

Rick stayed in the clenching bottom for several minutes and then as his cock softened he let it slide out. Tom tossed him the paper towels and he wiped off his dick and handed the towels to Danni who wiped his hand. Danni held some towels to his anus and headed for the ½ bath. 

"So Tom what do you think?"

"You know Rick; I can handle this for a while especially with him dressed like a girl."

"Are you going to fuck him?"

"I'm not quite there yet, maybe."

Danni re-entered the family room and smiled at the two studs. Rick was naked and Tom still had his pants and underwear down around his knees. Danni had decided to remain dressed thinking that it was more comfortable for the guys.

"So what do you think? Am I as good as any girl that sucked your cocks?"

"Yes you are as good as any girl that has sucked my cock and I liked fucking your curvy ass too."

"What about you Tom, do you agree?"

"I do. The blow job was great."

"You guys sure had some big loads. I loved watching you shoot."

At that point they all agreed that it was time to turn in and they went upstairs. Rick and Tom took turns in the bathroom before going to their assigned bedrooms. Danni undressed and douched his ass before going to bed. He loved to sleep in the nude so he was always sure to be clean before hitting the sack. In each room the three of them lay in bed thinking about the arrangement. 

Danni was thrilled with the size of the cocks on the two guys and he loved their voluminous ejaculations. He was elated that Rick had fucked him as he did not expect that the first night. He knew that it would take some time to come around. In the other bedroom Rick was thinking about the incredible stroke of luck to run into Danni and fall into such a super setup. He knew that he could let Danni suck him at any time and he also liked fucking the curvy ass. For Tom the thought process was much different as he was resolved to let Danni blow him occasionally because of the accommodations.

SUNDAY AT THE CONDO

Rick was the first to arise and he went to the bathroom to take his morning piss. As he was relieving himself he thought about Danni and what a good fuck he was last night. Subconsciously he stroked his cock briefly and then decided to peek in on the pretty gay. Danni's bedroom door was open and Rick looked in and saw him sleeping in the nude. He was on his left side facing away from the door and his sweet ass looked so inviting.

Looking around the room, Rick spotted the anal gel on the nightstand. He quietly picked it up and thoroughly greased his stiff dick. He eased into the bed and snuggled up behind Danni who then sensed Rick was in bed with him. Rick caressed the curvy bottom and admired how enticing it looked. Danni had flawless skin and was virtually hairless. Danni looked back over his shoulder and smiled at the ripped stud in bed with him. Rick slipped a greasy finger between the cheeks and penetrated the taut anus. 

"I douched my ass last night so it is super clean for you."

Rick then moved closer and eased his cock into the receptive bottom. Danni moaned softly with the penetration and placed his hand on Rick's thigh as a caution to go slow.

"Not too deep at first and then deeper."

Respecting Danni's request and not wishing to hurt him, Rick was slow and methodical. Once Danni opened up and the cock was balls deep in him, Rick began to fuck him steadily. Danni reached back for Rick's hand and guided it to his stiff pecker. He did not resist and he began stroking the smaller cock as he fucked the irresistible bottom.

Rick was able to fuck him a long time before cumming in the gripping rectum. It was another good size load and Danni felt the cock pulsate several times as each stream shot into his rectum. Sensing his own release building he replaced Rick's hand with his own.

"I got it. Let me have it," he called out.

Danni didn't want his cumming to be a turn off for Rick. He wasn't sure how he would respond if he came on Rick's hand. So he took a hold of his dick and stroked it furiously until he shot his wad onto the bed sheets. Rick was still embedded in the tight ass and he felt the sphincter grip his cock each time Danni ejaculated. Rick stayed hard and he was convinced that he could have easily fucked Danni a second time but decided against it.

"Oh thank you, thank you," Danni whispered.

"No problem, I like fucking you. I'm going to grab a shower now," Rick replied as he eased his cock out and rolled out of bed. 

On his way to the shower he peeked in on Tom and saw that he was still asleep. He headed to the bathroom and took a shower, then he returned to his room and put on a pair of shorts and a tee. He went downstairs and Danni was already in the kitchen. The coffee was brewing and the aroma was delightful. Danni was also wearing shorts but they were so tight it was a like a second skin. Rick admired the shapely ass again as Danni moved about the kitchen.

"Oh hi, would like eggs or pancakes for breakfast?" 

"Just coffee for now, why don't we wait for Tom for breakfast."

"Sounds good, did you sleep well?"

"Yes very, it is a comfortable bed."

Just then Tom walked in the kitchen and sighed, "That coffee aroma is great," he remarked as he poured a cup and sat at the table with Rick.

"How did you sleep? Is the bed satisfactory?"

"I could have slept through a war last night. That bed is super comfortable."

"Do you guys want pancakes or eggs with sausage?"

"I'm up for eggs," Rick answered and added, "I got to keep my libido up."

"Sausage and eggs are fine with me too," Tom chimed in.

Danni prepared the breakfast and asked Tom to do the toast. The three of them had a delicious filling breakfast and then cleaned up afterward. Danni was pleased that Tom and Rick pitched in willingly. They took their coffee into the family room and continued their conversation. 

"It look like a nice day Rick. Let's hang out by the pool," Tom suggested,

"Sounds good, are you okay with that Danni?"

"You guys go ahead. I have a few errands to run and I'll see you later."

"Let's hit the fitness center first Tom before the pool."

"Oh guys I will tell you that there is one lady to beware of named Vivian. She is a real cougar. She is in her 40's but has a nice figure and likes to seduce young guys. If she is there today don't be surprised if she hits on you."

"Thank for the heads up," Rick said.

Tom and Rick got dressed to work out and headed for the fitness center. After and hour workout they would shower, put on their snug Speedos and strut their stuff at the pool. They arrived at the pool early and it was a good thing because it got crowded in the afternoon. Their muscles were pumped up from the earlier work out and they got looks from both guys and girls. They remembered that Danni had told them that the condo community had straights and gays living there.
