 Rick, Tom and Danni had a very routine first week as roommates. Rick and Tom were busy in their new jobs and did not go out clubbing or drinking after work Monday through Thursday. In fact they worked late, came home and had a light snack for dinner. Danni was a sweetheart as he dressed as Danielle and made a light dinner for the guys. His reward each evening was that he got to suck both cocks before bedtime.

Rick and Tom had planned to go clubbing on Friday evening but a major storm cancelled those plans. Thunderstorms, heavy rain and flooding plus the threat of a tornado kept them at home in the condo. They were fortunate to make it home before a power failure in the city. Danni seized it as an opportunity to enjoy the guys and have them to himself.

The ever creative cross-dresser looked stunning as Danielle. He lit candles and placed them around in the family room making an amorous setting. Rick stripped off his clothes and sat back in an east chair. Danni crawled toward him on all fours and by the time he reached him, Rick had a rock hard erection. Danni was still in drag and wearing his wig. He looked just like a girl kneeling on the floor sucking cock.

Tom stood mesmerized by the scene. He remained still and watched until Rick announced he was cumming and released his load in Danni's mouth. Tom was not surprised that Danni never removed his mouth and swallowed the entire load. He would always swallow unless he wanted to watch the guys shoot.

"Danni are you ready to get fucked?"

"Yes, I'd like that."

"Good because I'm going to fuck your ass next while you give Tom a great blow job. Where is the gel?" 

Danni handed the gel to Rick. "Keep your clothes on, I like you like that."

Danni did as he was told and remained dressed on all fours. Rick lifted the short mini skirt exposing the lovely ass encased in silk panties. He pulled the back of the panties down exposing the curvy bottom. The panties still covered Danni's cock and balls. Rick cupped one of the buttocks and announced, "Nice ass, really nice ass."

Danni dropped his head to the floor and Rick began lubricating his anus. He applied an ample amount of gel to his cock too. Satisfied that Danni was well greased he eased it into Danni's shapely ass. "Tom, get in front of him and let him suck your cock."

As if under a spell Tom moved in front of Danni. He tentatively dropped his shorts and underwear. Danni took the semi-hard cock in his mouth and his talents had Tom was fully erect in seconds. Once again he enjoyed the blow job even though it was with a guy. Tom's cock was close to the size of Rick's and Danni loved sucking it. 

Danni gave Tom one of the best blow jobs that he had ever received. He continued to watch Rick fuck Danni as his cock was sucked by the pretty blonde. Tom's release snuck up on him but he still had time to warn that he was about to cum. Danni ignored the warning and kept the cock in his mouth as Tom ejaculated. 

Danni drank down every drop of the load and he kept Tom hard in the process. He was nibbling on the mushroom head but the sensation became too intense for Tom so he stepped back but he continued to watch Rick fuck the pretty blonde. 

"Okay here it cums," Rick announced as he thrust his cock all the way in. Rick stayed pressed against the smooth buttocks and it was obvious that Danni was using his sphincter to drain the spurting cock. Rick eased his cock out of Danni's ass and let it rest between the buttocks. 

"He does have a great ass, doesn't he?" Rick offered.

"That he does, one that any girl would be happy with," Tom agreed.

"Tom would you like to fuck me? Would you like to stick your big thick cock in my ass?" Danni asked sexily. 

He knelt on the floor and raised his ass in the air. The panties were still positioned to expose the buttocks but cover the cock and balls. Tom looked at him in this position and decided that he looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking derriere. Danni had something in his hand and he reached back and prepared his asshole with the gel. Tom then made up his mind to fuck Danni so he got completely naked. 

"Here put this on your cock too," Danni whispered handing him the gel.

Tom took the gel and applied a generous amount to his own cock. He knelt behind Danni and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. He was about to fuck a guy who looked like a girl. Still clothed with the panties pulled down slightly to bare his ass, Danni presented a very inviting posture. Tom coated his dick making very slippery and then he eased into the receptive ass.

Tom was gentle with him allowing Danni to adjust to his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in the lovely ass and he fucked the young man royally. He held on to the pretty twin cheeks of the blonde's ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Danni was pleased with Tom's dick in his ass as it had taken a week for him to come around. He was surprised when he felt Tom tense and then fill his ass with cum so quickly. Tom continued to fuck as cum backed out of Danni's anus and trickled down over his perineum. Danni fired a blast of cum onto his panties this time without ever even touching his own cock. Tom eased his soft cock out of hot ass and then Rick took over. 

Rick's cock hardened as he approached the pretty gay a second time. He knelt behind Danni and began to caress the beautiful ass cheeks framed by the skirt and panties. Rick put an ample amount of gel in his hands and rubbed it all around the dilated rubbery ring. He inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing the sweet ass for another fuck. He sawed his fingers in and out of the twitching anus and he was really turned on by the thought of burying his cock in the shapely ass one more time. He moved closer to Danni and lined up the head of his cock with the anal opening. Rick eased his big dick into the warm chute.

Remembering Rick's size, Danni reminded him, "Not too deep at first, and then deeper."

Rick's cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to Danni a little at a time. The ass chute was warm, snug but slick as he went deeper and deeper into him. Soon he was all the way in and he started a slow fucking motion. He continued to pump with deep, long, deliberate thrusts and he caressed the smooth round ass as he fucked it. 

Danni begged Rick to fuck him harder and quicker. So he picked up the pace and he pounded the ass faster and faster. His balls started bouncing off of Danni's perineum and Danni moaned with each thrust. Rick could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his second load in Danni's ass. 

Rick fired a barrage of cum into the gripping clenching rectum filling it to overflowing. He couldn't remember when he came so much a second time. As he continued to fuck, his seed backed up in the rectum and oozed out. Rick pulled out and sat back in a chair.

Not giving Danni a break, Tom was back in the sweet ass and fucked the blonde until he shot his second load. Danni now had four loads in his ass and the semen flowed from his anus as he worked the sphincter to expel all of it. His panties served as a catchall as the semen trickled into them. Tom was done and announced he was going to bed. Rick told Danni to go to his bedroom and get undressed and that he would join him there.

Rick met Danni in the bedroom. He was naked in bed on his back. He asked Rick to fuck him missionary style and Rick complied. He eased his cock into the well-used hole a third time and fucked him again. Danni jerked off and managed to cum twice shooting on his body before Rick came a third time. They rested in Danni's bed for a few minutes before Rick got up, said good night and went to his room. An exhausted Danni didn't move and he fell asleep allowing the semen to dry on his body.

In the third bedroom, Tom contemplated what happened and what the future would hold. He still struggled with his inner feelings and mixed emotions. He had just fucked a guy and although he was not gay he had to admit that it was great sex. Danni had proven to be as skilled as any girl in oral and anal sex. Tom had to admit Rick was right that it didn't seem any different getting a blow job from Danni or a girl. He also had to admit that it didn't seem any different fucking Danni's ass or a girl's ass, particularly dressed as a girl. He knew that Danni did that for his benefit to make it easier him to accept. The technique of keeping his cock and balls covered in the panties made it a lot easier for Tom.

SATURDAY AFTERMATH

Tom woke up Saturday morning to the aroma of the coffee being brewed in the kitchen. He got out of bed, took his morning piss and headed downstairs in just his boxer shorts. Passing by Rick's room he saw that his friend was still sleeping which meant it was Danni in the kitchen. He got to the kitchen and stopped to watch the pretty gay move about.

Danni moved around the counter preparing breakfast items. Tom's eyes were fixated on the sweet round ass encased in the tight sleep shorts. He still couldn't believe that he had actually finally fucked that sweet ass the night before. Although, since Danni had dressed up like a pretty girl; it had been easier for Tom. The shorts were very tight and even the crease in his bottom was visible. He looked just as sexy with shorts on as if he had been naked. Tom stared at it as it undulated under the snug fabric; he felt his cock stiffen in his shorts. Unable to resist the allure of Danni's bottom, he closed the distance between them.

This was different now, he was not dressed as a girl yet Tom was still drawn to the irresistible bottom. He moved close to Danni and reached out with both hands to grasp the lovely buttocks. Danni flinched at first and then relaxed as Tom massaged the firm round globes. He cooed and leaned back into Tom as the hands slipped inside the shorts and fondled the bare flesh. Danni reached behind him and located Tom's hard cock straining in the boxer shorts. 

Tom pushed sleep shorts down and they slid all the way to the ankles. Danni stepped out of his shorts as Tom removed his own. Not a word was spoken between them. Tom moved in closer and let his cock rest in the crack of the smooth hot ass. Danni moved his butt up and down using his buttocks to massage the stiff dick. Tom couldn't wait any longer as he just had to fuck the pretty young gay again. Danni scooped some margarine out of the tub and used it to lubricate his anal passage. He also coated Tom's cock with it.

Tom pressed forward and let it sink into the receptive ass. Danni leaned forward and arched his back causing his ass to look even more appealing. Tom sunk his cock all the way in and then retreated keeping just the head in, being careful not to let it slip out. Tom continued his slow steady fucking motion until he felt his imminent ejaculation. 

He pulled out and sprayed his load all over the curvy buttocks and then using his still stiff cock he pushed the semen around on the bare bottom. Scooping some up with his cock head he moved it back to the anus. Tom then pushed his cock back into Danni's ass and let the sphincter milk it dry. They were still coupled together with Danni leaning over the counter when a voice called out startling them.

"Well now Tom, you have certainly come a long way since our arrival," Rick bellowed with a chuckle and then he directed Danni to stay put. "I can see that you got him loosened up for me."

Rick was naked and he was showing hard. He walked up behind Danni and drove his cock right into the welcoming ass. He drilled the ass hard as Danni jerked his own cock. The two of them came nearly at the same time and then Rick pulled out. 

"Great way to start the day, let's have some breakfast now," Rick announced.

The word breakfast jogged Tom's memory, "Oh shit, I promised Vivian I would have breakfast with her. I need to get going."

Normally Tom would have showered but he was running late. He wasn't worried because he knew they would end up in the sack for hours and he could shower later. Besides it was still raining and he would be wet when he got to Vivian's condo. 

Rick and Danni ate breakfast together and then Rick helped with the cleanup. They took a cup of coffee and the morning paper into the family room. Sipping, coffee, reading the paper and chilling out put them in a relaxed state. Later Danni suggested watching some porn.

"Sure, why not, it's still raining. That was some storm last night. Do you believe this weather? I assume its gay porn."

"Yes but I think that you will like it. The stars are both gay and bi. It's my favorite porno entitled, Bi Tops and Their pretty Gay Bottoms."

"Sounds intriguing, let's have a look."

Danni got the DVD and put it in the player. He asked Rick to join him on the sofa while they watched the movie. The movie had six sex scenes in it and each one was about a top and a cute gay bottom. The tops never sucked cock or took it in the ass. They would in some scenes jerk the gay's cock. In each case the top always pulled out, shot his load on the gay's bottom and put it back in his ass. Rick got hard not from watching the movie but from Danni playing with his cock all the time.

They were both naked on the sofa and at one point Danni sat on Rick's dick while they watched one of the scenes. He guided Rick's hand to his cock and Rick accommodated him by masturbating him as they watched the movie. When the movie was over Rick still had not cum but he was more than ready to give Danni a good fucking.

"Did you have a favorite scene Rick?"

"Just the one; I liked it when the cute blonde was face down in bed and top drilled his ass."

"Let's go to my room and duplicate that scene."

They went to Danni's bedroom and got in bed. Danni applied more gel to his anus and then lay face down on the bed. He raised his bottom slightly and Rick caressed the smooth hillocks right before he fed his cock to the sweet ass. Danni's position was enough to emphasize his shapely ass and it was irresistible to Rick. The big dick slowly filled the anal chamber and then Rick began to move slowly.

Danni pushed his butt up to meet Rick's thrusts and it was a very erotic coupling. Rick picked up the pace and he placed his hands on Danni's shoulder blades. Pinning the pretty blonde to the mattress, he drilled the super fine ass. It was just like the scene in the movie. Sensing that he was nearly crushing him, Rick moved his hands to either side. Danni, being able to move again, pushed his ass up to receive the cock as deep as it would go.

They fucked for nearly 30 minutes before Rick eased his cock out and ejaculated all over the curvy bottom and dilated anus. Then scoping up his seed with his cock he pushed it back in the receptive chamber. Danni clenched and released his sphincter several times around the thick shaft keeping Rick hard. He asked Rick to let him turn over.

Now on his back he took a hold of his stiff dick and jerked off. Rick re-entered his ass and fucked Danni until he ejaculated again. This time Rick actually thought that Danni looked sweet on his back, getting fucked and jerking off. They separated and decided to get cleaned up. They used their own showers, got dressed and returned to the family room. It was still raining and an absolutely shity day. Danni put out some snacks and Rick poured the wine. They watched TV for a while snacking and enjoying the wine.

Tom didn't return that evening and it was assumed that he was spending the night at Vivian's place. Danni and Rick had a light dinner and turned in early. Danni asked Rick to sleep with him in his bed that night. Rick agreed and he fucked Danni one more time before they both fell asleep. Danni cuddled up to Rick in a spoon position as he loved the feel of the muscular body. Rick draped his arm over the pretty blonde and he liked the feel of the soft effeminate body against him. They slept soundly.

SUNDAY - A SURPRISE PHONE CALL 

On Sunday morning Rick woke up with a piss hard-on and rolled out of Danni's bed. He headed to his own bathroom and looked in Tom's room. He was not there and Rick guessed he spent the night with Vivian. He relieved the pressure in his bladder, washed his cock and hands before returning to Danni's bed. The pretty blonde was still curled up in the spoon position and as always his ass was alluring. Rick picked up the gel and stroked his cock back to hardness before getting back in bed. 

He slid in behind Danni and eased his rigid cock into the ass that he had become so familiar with in just a week's time. Danni let out a soft moan as the big dick entered him again. Rick fucked the cutie slowly savoring his time in the sweet ass. He felt his release building in his scrotum and then felt it travel through his shaft and he exploded in the receptive chamber. Danni felt the surge and cried out as his rectum was filled with another massive load.

Rick stayed in the blonde's ass and resumed fucking him. Danni wanted to be on his back again so they changed positions. Rick fucked him in a missionary position and pleasured Danni by stroking his cock. In didn't take long for Danni to cum and he sprayed his upper body with his juice. Rick could have cum again but decided to hold off as they had all day to fuck some more. They separated, showered and dressed in shorts and tees.

They both got breakfast together and then adjourned to the family room with their coffee and Sunday newspaper. They weren't in the family room very long before the telephone rang and Danni answered it. He was shocked, surprised and somewhat pleased that it was his cousin Winston who he called Winnie. 

"Oh my God Winnie how are you, where are you?"

"Of course you can come over. It will be great to see you again. What's that stay here for a few days, of course? We'll talk about it when you get here."

Danni hung up the phone and told Rick that his cousin Winnie was stopping over for a visit and may stay with him for a few days.

"So how old is she?"

"Oh no, Winnie is a guy. His name is Winston but I call him Winnie. He's gay too.

"Really, did you two ever make it together?"

"Yes, he was my first lover and I was his. You'll like him. He likes to dress as a girl too."

"We'll see."

They both returned to the newspaper while they waited for Winnie to arrive. Rick wondered what he would look like and if he would be dressed as a girl. If Winnie was even close to Danni's good looks, Rick would be comfortable fucking him. When Winnie arrived he was dressed as a man but his ass looked great in the tight slacks. Danni put the suitcase in his bedroom and then gave his cousin a tour of the condo. They returned to the family room to join Rick and get better acquainted.

Winnie could pass for Danni's brother as they were about the same height and weight and had great looking asses. Winnie had dark brown hair that was bushy and covered his ears and neck compared to Danni's long straight blonde hair. They were the same age. 

"You two could pass for brothers."

"Once we were both dressed like girls and people thought we were sisters," Winnie told Rick.

Rick was curious how they became lovers and he listened to them tell their story. They were both 18 at the time and Winnie was staying with Danni's family. The two of them shared Danni's bedroom with two twin beds in the room. It started with them both masturbating and watching each other. Then they stroked each other's cock. It quickly progressed to oral sex and a 69 position. As they sucked cocks they fingered their bottoms and soon experimented with anal sex. They each took the other's anal virginity. For the rest of the summer they fucked and sucked as often as they could without getting caught.

"God just talking about that summer again has got me horny," Winnie sighed. 

"Come with me, let's get this party started," Danni said as took Winnie's hand and led him to the bedroom. 
