 I groggily wake in the dark to find someone spooning against me. At first I think it's my wife, but the skin feels so much hairier than any woman I've ever fucked, and underneath I feel lean hard muscles rather than her soft curves padded with feminine plumpness, and then you cuddle closer and your cock, semi-hard from the jolt of testosterone all men get in the early morning, nestles against my butt cheeks.

Oh shit, I think, my mind and heart racing from a surge of adrenaline. How late is it? How the fuck am I going to explain to my wife not coming home from the alleged boy's night out that was my cover story?

"Gotta go." I try to roll out of bed.

You hold me tighter. "Not yet. Got some ... business ... to take care of." Your cock is getting stiffer, and it starts pressing between my cheeks, sliding easily from the residual lube from when you fucked me earlier.

"My wife is gonna kill me."

"Fuck her," you say, but from the pressure you're starting to exert as your stiffened cockhead contacts my sore asshole and tries to push inside, it's clear it's not her you want to fuck.

"Dammit, stop." I clench my burning ring tight to ward off your cock. I try to squirm free. But your strong muscles are turning me, pushing me flat on my belly on your soft bed. Your legs are between mine and forcing them apart, and now you're grabbing a fistful of my long hair to further take control, pushing my head against the pillow while the weight of your body presses your skin hotly against my back. Your cockhead strains against my clenched ring, and you start bucking for entry.

Are you raping me, I groggily wonder. Or are you taking my no as some kind of roleplay, feigning reluctance? I guess I need to be more insistent to get you to stop.

Your cockhead pulls off me, to my relief, but then I feel the coolness of lube squirting on my hot and aching hole, and you resume trying to fuck me.

"Please ..." I say, intending to add a "stop", but that gets cut off as my asshole explodes in pain as the extra slickness of the lube allows your cockhead to shove past the shreds of my resistence, and your shaft slides in a inch or so.

"Yes," you say, grunting as you start thrusting in and out, deeper with each stroke, your shaft making that fucking sound with each downstroke as it pistons into my slippery ass walls, like this: fck frck dlk fck. "That's so hot. Say please again."

I want to say no. I want to say please. I want to say yes. But all I can get out is a squeaky "Unh ... ohh ... urh" as you knock the air out of my lungs with each thrust and you jackhammer into me balls deep, your firm lower belly slapping against my ass cheeks.

I finally manage to grunt out between thrusts, "Please. Don't. Fuck. Me. Like. This."

You stop fucking, though your cock is still deep inside. "OK."

You grab my left leg, jam it toward my chest, roll me over onto my back, and grab both of my ankles and place my heels on your shoulders, all in one fluid deft maneuver, your cockhead still inside me. I'm still completely in your control, but now in missionary position.

Phrasing, I think as you resume fucking me. I really need to work on phrasing.

Your handsome eyes stare into mine, and I'm kinda pissed off at the arguably-not-quite-rape-due-to-communication-fail, and I'm worried about the fallout when I go home to my wife, and I'm hurting from you slamming into my already well used ass, but admit it, I'm also turned on despite myself by the roughness, enjoying being dominated and letting you take control.

Fuck it. Quickest way out of here is to make you cum.

So I slide my heels from your shoulders down to the small of your back and wrap my legs around you, my heels pressing down with each of your thrusts, forcing you all the way inside, urging you to give me your cum. I drape my arms around your neck, and give you a loving look, a wanting it look, like I'm your wife and I'm willingly giving my body to you to satisfy my husband's lusts, not daring to say it out loud but it feels so good to embrace the moment.

You lean down and give me an electric kiss, lingering, while your body slams even harder into me, and my lips are muffling the sounds of you cumming - cumming hard - spurting inside me.

When you're spent, you lay on top of me, gasping for breath, taking most of the weight with your arms, my arms and legs still wrapped around you. The weight of your body on mine is comforting. I think of telling you about the wife fantasy, but shy away. I think of telling you about the near rape thing.

I settle on this:

I whisper in your ear: "We gotta work on communication. Get a fucking safe word or something."

You murmur sleepily, "Hmm?"

"I get how no can mean yes, but ..."

Your eyes open, a worried crease sliding onto your forehead. "Oh. Shit."

I think of how to say it.

"Did I ..."

I lean in and give you a gentle kiss. "No. No. That was kinda on me. I just ... I gotta get home to my ..."

"Lemme make it up to you first." You start kissing your way south, and I think of saying no, no time, but there's been too many "no"s already, and then your lips wrap around my cockhead for the first time, your first time reciprocating, and oh, it's so much better than the blowjobs my wife gives, and I murmur "Yes, oh god yes" just so there's no ambiguity, and you start taking some of my shaft as I harden in your mouth and I grab your hair and fuck your face, my hips rising up to finally take my pleasure too ..

After, still no hint of dawn in the black night sky, I drive home along nearly deserted streets to meet my wife's worry or fury or passive aggressiveness, or, knowing her, all of the above and more. The powerful engine in my car murmers an almost inaudible growl as I cruise through the darkness, your cum in my ass and a bit of my own cum on my lips from when you gently kissed me goodbye, and I can face whatever is next because I'll always get to remember these moments, get to remember the lust and surrender as I let you fuck me hard ...