 "How many cocks you sucked off before this one?" she asked.

Like I could talk right now. "Mmmmmmphhhh", I managed between gagging. 

"I betcha lost count long time ago, huh?" She laughed, knowing full well I had.

Lisa had turned me into a human blowjob fucking machine. I was literally strapped down, head in a harness with a rod attached to a variable speed motor. My arms were fastened behind me on a small table that was bolted to the floor. My knees and feet were spread wide open and attached to the floor with steel rods. I was completely immobile except for my fingers and toes. I could blink my eyes to respond to questions but mostly I just remained motionless unless the motor was on. 

The guy whose cock was in my mouth reached down and turned the dial up. "Let's see if this bitch can handle it even faster," he said.

"Bet you a dollar", replied Lisa, holding up a wrinkled bill.

"It's a bet", he laughed as he pushed forward making his cock go even deeper into my throat.

The hum of the motor strained with each thrust. I screamed but nothing came out of my mouth. The machine pumped my head onto his cock for what seemed like an eternity. Finally he eased back, I stopped choking and caught my breath.

"You win dammit!, fuckers got a nice deep throat, the kinda likes I've never fucked before."

I felt the vibrations start and could see that Lisa was playing with the remote again. 

In addition to my restraints I was impaled on a huge vibrating dildo that was pressing against my prostate. Another vibrator was attached to my chastity device and locked in place. I'd been close to orgasm from the stimulation but Lisa would stop before it could happen leaving my balls aching for release.

The guy stepped back, my head kept moving, driven by the motor. The ring gag kept my mouth wide open. Drool, spit and precum spilled out and dripped from my chin covering my DD breast implants in slimy mess. 

He reached over and turned the dial off, I was relieved for a moment free from his cock. He reached for his pants and pulled out a folded stack of cash. He pulled a dollar bill from it, crumpled it up and threw it at Lisa. 

"You win asshole, I should know better than to gamble with you."

Picking it up from the floor she said, "Well you got about five minutes to bust a nut then we gotta go get some shit from the store for tonight."

He turned back to me, his cock still hard and dripping with my saliva. 

"Open wide cunt", he laughed. Like I had a choice in the matter.

He pressed into the back of my throat and turned the machine up a notch faster.

"Grruuuuummmmmfff", my body tensed as I felt my gag reflex kick in. The vibrations on my caged cock, anus and prostate pulsated involuntarily. The stimulation was just too much and when I felt it start there was nothing I could do to stop it.

My ruined orgasm was obvious from the sperm leaking out of my chastity. 

"Fuck, now look what you made me do", Lisa said. "I wanted to keep this bitch on the edge for days beggin me for relief." 

"Now we gotta start all over again, dammit." 

The guy ignored her. I could tell he was getting close. 

My body was limp after cumming. I would have rolled over for a nap had I not been strapped to this machine. 

My head continued bobbing forward and back. My tits swayed and bounced with each thrust. The guy did nothing but stand there - the machine, my mouth and throat did all the work.

His first shots of his cum erupted, I could't do anything as it coated my mouth with a salty pungent taste. It lingered and I couldn't even swallow to get rid of it.

He stepped back and turned off the machine. "How much do you thing we can make?" 

"Couple hundred a night, more on paydays", Lisa said. She walked over and scooped the cum up off the floor and smeared in on my tongue. "Waste not want not is one of the golden rules around here." 

She leaned down in my face. "I'm gonna fucking love watchin you suffer bitch." "Ya see, I gotta sadistic streak and your just the thing I need." 

She pulled her top up exposing her beautiful breasts, they were swaying just inches from my face and she giggled them back in forth taunting me.

"You think you could've had some of this don't ya?" "Not in a million years you fucking faggot, you never had a chance at this pussy." She pulled her top back down. 

"I don't think you'd know what to do with it anyway." "Sissy bitches like you were meant for one thing and one thing only, C.O.C.K", she spelled out loud. "Your cock probably don't even get hard for pussy anymore, does it?"

She was right, I couldn't remember the last time my cock was inside a pussy. I didn't even think about it anymore. Cock was the only thing on my brain thanks to Lisa. 

"I think we're gonna edge you again while we go get some shopping done." "Train that dim wit brain of yours that the only time you get pleasure is with cock in your mouth." 

Like I really needed convincing. Cock was all that got me excited anymore. 

She reached for a dildo and pushed it through the ring gag making me choke. She secured it in place and jerked it a few time to make sure it wouldn't come loose. 

She pressed the remote again. I felt the vibrations start up. There was nothing I could so I pleaded with my eyes. Just a few minutes to recuperate was all I wanted but no such luck.

Lisa rolled a small table with a computer screen in front of me. Holding up a set of headphones she said, "This will help you stay in the right frame of mind while we're gone." 

She put them on and everything went quiet for a moment until the screen in front of me came on. 

I watched as images of big breasted she-males in chastity were pounded by big black cocks. Words flickered on the screen too fast to read. For some reason I couldn't take my eyes off it. Subliminal messages no doubt. A women's voice was telling me that sucking cock was the best thing ever. I drifted in and out and was left on the edge once again, aroused and wanting more cock.

No telling how long I had been there. My arousal peaked several times and ended with another ruined orgasm in chastity. My body was drained, the evidence in puddles on the floor below me. 

When she returned from the store Lisa removed the headphones from my ears and pushed the video screen to the side.

"I see you've been busy while I was gone." Once again scooping my sperm off the floor with her hand, this time smearing it all over my face.

My response was a grunt that was muffled by the dildo in my mouth.

"Bet your hungry aren't ya?" I couldn't remember my last real meal but I was beyond hungry. I just wanted to be free from this contraption I was bound to.

"Well I got a few shots of protein lined up in the other room for you, you'd like that wouldn't ya?"

The subliminal messages in the video must've had the intended effect because my mouth began to water at the thought. 

I moaned and undulated on the dildo in my ass as Lisa stood over me and laughed. 

"Just as I thought, you little faggot, can't wait to get some cum in pretty mouth again can you?"

Reaching over she pulled the dildo out of my mouth and tossed it aside. 

"Probably don't need the ring gag anymore, now that you've been brainwashed. But I'm keeping it in anyway." She pressed a finger on my tongue and I pressed back against it through the hole in the ring gag. 

"Awwwwgggh." I wiggled my tongue back and forth wontedly as if begging. The only thoughts in my head now were about getting another cock in my mouth. I needed cock like I needed air. 

Lisa poked at my tongue again. "You want some big black dick tonight?" "I got a couple lined up for you", she said with a smile. 

"First things first though. Rents due and the landlord says he'll give me a discount if I give him a blowjob. To tell you the truth I don't think he cares who sucks his cock." 

I moaned at the thought of sucking cock and Lisa laughed. 

"You know he has a huge cock, probably choke you to death with it if he's not careful."

I'd seen the landlords cock once before but never thought I'd be sucking it. A wave of cock lust washed over me. 

"I see that look, don't think you can hide it from me you cocksucker." 

Lisa was unpacking things she got while they were out. She was looking at me, still bound to the machine. "Hell maybe tomorrow I'll let you outta that thing and let you go get some cock all by yourself. You'd like that wouldn't ya?" 

I grunted and batted my eyes to answer. Lisa chuckled and came over to me. She whispered in my ear, "too bad, faggots like you don't get to choose what cocks they suck, you'll get what I give you. Maybe even a good hard ass fucking to go with it." 

She was holding a pill bottle in her hand. "You know that I live to torment you don't ya?" She paused for a moment letting her words sink in. She opened the bottle and took out a little blue pill and held it in front of me to see. She put it under my tongue and pushed the dildo back into the ring gag.

The pill was bitter tasting and dissolved quickly in my mouth. 

"You see, tonight's torment is to make your tiny dicklette try to get hard while locked up in your cock cage. That oughta be fun, hey?" She waited a while Then pulled the dildo out of my mouth. "Ready for the landlord?" she asked.

She went to the door and called out "next!" 

The landlord, Jimmy, came into the room. He was not a very big guy but decent and clean looking. Lisa handed him a check for the rent, minus what ever they had agreed on. "Jimmy, I want you to know that anytime you need some relief, feel free to use my new blowjob machine. Except of course when I need to take it off line for maintenance", she added with a wink.

Jimmy nodded and asked, " how does it work?"

Lisa slid up behind him, "well let me give you a guided tour honey." She unbuckled and pulled down his pants and underwear exposing his cock. He stepped out of his clothes leaving them on the floor. 

Lisa was fondling his cock from behind him as they moved toward me. His erection was growing hard and looked so big it was out of place on his body. 

"You just put that meat of yours in the fuck hole," Lisa said. "Turn the nob there to adjust the speed. That's all there is to it." 

"Sounds simple enough," Jimmy replied. 

"After you shoot your load you can just wipe your dick on his face, this faggot likes it dirty. Turns him on to be used like this."

Jimmy placed the tip of his cock in my mouth. I moved my tongue around the head and moaned. I wanted his cock so bad. He pushed it in further and then reached for the nob. 

Jimmy was huge when fully erect. It blocked my breathing when more than just the tip was in. He played with the speed control until he settled on a slower setting. I had to time my breathing to sync with the thrusts.

"Bitches are always in a hurry to suck my cock to get it over with quick, I think I'm going to have a nice slow blowjob for a change."

Lisa told him to take his time with me and enjoy it. 

The machine was relentless - it pushed and pulled my head effortlessly giving Jimmy's cock a nice slow mouth fucking. My own cock, now under the influence of the pill was painfully awake and trying to get hard in its cage. I wanted to cum so bad and it showed, I was again gyrating on the dildo in my ass. 

Lisa, aware of my situation, made sure I knew that I wasn't getting another ruined orgasm. "Edging is all yer gonna see for a while you faggot cock slut." 

I was desperate to cum and did everything I could to work my ass and prostate on the dildo. Despite all my efforts I couldn't and whimpered as Jimmy's cock finally started to cum in my mouth. His load was huge and it tasted sweet compared to the guy earlier. I wanted more. 

Jimmy thanked Lisa for the blowjob, got dressed and left. She followed him out and returned with three young muscular black men. She gave them the run down on how it worked and left them alone with me in the room.

They undressed and circled around me with their big black cocks. The started joking with each other and talking nasty to me. Their taunting excited me. I wanted to be their sissy white fuck hole. I looked up at them, batted my eyes and wiggled my tongue through the ring gag. I wanted them to so know without a doubt I was their bitch to use anyway they wanted. 

They slapped my face with their cocks. One of them picked up a piece of rope and tied it tight around my tits, the binding made them stick out and turn purple. They slapped them and pinched my tender nipples. I moaned with pleasure and they laughed at my self humiliation. 

One of them turned the nob on the machine and my head started moving. He lined his cock up and pushed it through the ring gag and into my throat. The other two slapped my breasts and squeezed my balls - I did everything I could to show them I enjoyed being used. 

One by one they took turns fucking my throat for over an hour. They finished with shooting huge loads of cum deep in my fuck hole. When they finally left I heard Lisa call out "next." I was in for a long night.