 This is a true story.

I was in Gran Canaria for the first time and open to new experiences. It was also the first time I had gone on a beach/hotel kind of holiday on my own. I wasn't sure if it would be a bit lonely going without any friends or anything, but I decided "what the hell, you only live once." 

I had chosen Gran Canaria, knowing that there were some interesting things going on there, including a nudist beach. My hotel was right next to an area of bars and clubs and pretty close to the beach, so I was determined to have a good time once I got there. 

A "good time" included the idea that I might get some sex. I was 30, looked a bit younger, single and bi-curious. I'm average height and build, with dark hair and a hairy chest. 

I had had some experience with men, but craved some more. I was looking to get some cock on this holiday. I had researched where this might be possible, and had got some ideas. 

One night I was in one of the bars near my hotel, having a few drinks and chatting to the barman and some of the locals and other holidaymakers. There was a friendly atmosphere and I was having a good time and a bit of a buzz from the alcohol in my system. It was a pleasant evening, but I knew, that night, I wanted something more.

I had read about a men-only nightclub where the dress-code was nudity or just underwear. It turned me on immensely to think about such a place. The idea was a bit scary but I was footloose and fancy free and a thousand miles away from anyone who knew me, and my attitude was, "what the hell, I'm on this holiday for new experiences. I'll try it out." 

I sauntered across the public square and made my way to this nightclub. There was very little outside that indicated what might be going on inside. Just a door with black plastic drapes covering the entrance. I took a deep breath and walked in. 

I was greeted by a buff bald man wearing only leather pants, who indicated to me the cover price of a few Euros. I paid it and he handed me a small white plastic bag and indicated me to turn left into a small alcove. This was it. I was only wearing T shirt and shorts as it was still hot at night there so it didn't take me too long to take those off. Then with one final moment of courage I pulled my boxer shorts down and was now standing in this club, completely butt-naked, my cock hanging free. I put my clothes into the plastic bag, then went back to the door man who took my plastic bag and gave me a wristband to wear with a corresponding number so I could collect my clothes at the end. The wristband also allowed me to order drinks at the bar and then pay when I left.

So I made my way into the main bar area. It wasn't very big, but it had an atmosphere I liked. The lighting was low and the music was loud and they had some gay porn playing on video screens in the corners. There were about half a dozen men in the room, maybe in their 30s and 40s, some with underwear on, but others completely naked like me. I didn't look too closely, as I still felt shy, but it was an erotic if slightly strange experience being amongst so much nudity. I was glad to see too that not everyone there was super-buff and totally built like brick shithouses. Most were pretty average guys like me. But then I like average blokes. 

I ordered a bottle of Smirnoff Ice at the bar, showing my wristband to get served. Then I made my way to a stool against the far wall and then just watched what was going on and took in the atmosphere a bit.

Naked men were walking back and forth from the bar area into a darker area behind the bar. I looked across the room to one alcove and saw one man on his knees clearly giving another guy a blowjob. I gently pulled on my rapidly growing semi-erect uncut cock as I watched. It felt strange in a way to be in a situation where it was completely socially acceptable to be naked, gently masturbating in full show in public, but I found it really liberating.

I downed my drink and then got another one and then decided to see what's what. I followed the corridor next to the bar into the darker area and it did get very dim so you could hardly see anything. I felt my way along to a number of different alcoves where it seemed there was a variety of activity happening. In one area one guy was clearly getting a blowjob. In another area there was a guy on a sex swing and it looked like he was going to get fucked. Everywhere there were various men milling around, going from place to place, seeing what was going on. 

I followed the corridor around until I came into the toilet area that was slightly better lit. It looked kind of messy with toilet roll on the floor and filling up the one toilet in a cubicle. Against one wall was a urinal-wall. There was a slight wall a few inches high that created a kind of trough that was one long urinal. 

So. I was completely naked in a gay cruising sex club. That was a pretty wild experience to start with. But there was one particular experience I had been fantasising about for a long time, and I decided now was the time to try it out. 

I wanted to be pissed on.

The idea of being pissed on by total strangers in this dark, dingy club in Spain was a total turn-on. I was feeling brave and drunk enough that I decided I really wanted it.

So I took a swig of my bottle then sat down, my naked arse sitting on the edge of the urinal wall. It was cold and a bit wet but I didn't care. I placed my bottle next to me out of the way and I waited.

It didn't take long for one, then another, then another guy to come in. I sat down, facing outwards and three naked men stood in front of me with their dicks pointing outwards. One was on my left and two were on my right. I sat in the middle of this urinal wall, gently pulling on my dick, with my face at dick-height. I looked up at them in the dim dark light with a look of pure dirty desire. I looked up at them and opened my mouth.

The guy on the left started to piss, a hot wet stream into the urinal. I opened my mouth wide and leaned my head back as I edged towards his stream of piss. He pointed his dick at me and his piss hit my mouth and face. I let it drip down my face, overflowing out of my mouth and on to my naked hairy chest. It felt delightfully warm, and tasted harsh but exciting. 

This is what I wanted. To be a total submissive slut. To let a total stranger piss on my face just because he wanted to. I wanted to be used. To be a dirty, piss-soaked whore. I wanted it. I wanted it all.

That guy stopped pissing and then left and I turned to the two guys on my right. The nearest man's cock was semi hard and so he seemed to be having trouble getting any piss to emerge. I leaned forward and playfully licked his cock with a quick flick of my tongue, tempting his piss out. 

He squirted a few squirts of piss out which I gratefully captured on my tongue, the piss-whore that I am. Then I took his cock into my mouth and began to suck on its hardness. The two men got close to one another and I alternated between one cock and then another, sucking and wanking these two hard cocks, presented to me on the floor of this dirty wet toilet.

My hands felt their hardness, their tight balls, the warm skin of their thighs as my mouth did its best to pleasure them. 

My piss-soaked naked body was theirs to use and abuse. I wanted piss. I wanted cum. I loved it.

I looked up and saw the hottest sight of these two naked hot men standing over me, feeding me their cocks. This was an image I had seen so many times in porn. Something I had fantasised about for years, but now I was actually doing it. I was actually the cock-hungry whore on the floor with two cocks in my face. And I fucking loved it.

It didn't take long for both of them to cum and I felt the taste of piss on my tongue replaced with the sweet taste of cum. First one cock exploded onto my lips and tongue, then another did the same, spraying my face. Before I had seen this in porn. Now I wasn't so much seeing it as feeling and tasting it.

I sat back into the urinal, my back against the piss-soaked wall, cum and piss all over me and looked up at the two men who laughed and said something in a language I didn't recognise. I didn't even know what country they were from. I didn't need to. No language was needed other than the language of a hard pulsating cock. For the first time I thought maybe these two men were a couple. Or maybe they were just friends. But then again, who cares? I didn't. I was just glad to be their human urinal.

They left the toilet and I was left used and exhausted on the wet floor. It had felt so damn good to live out this fantasy. I lay there and wanked my aching cock. I didn't want anyone else to do it for me. I just wanted to serve the desires of others. And as I thought about the crazy thing I had just done, I furiously wanked my dick until I came onto the floor, mixing my cum with the cum and piss of God knows how many different men. 

I got to my feet, went to the sink and gave my face a quick wash with cold water. I picked up my bottle and downed the rest of it. 

"Time for bed," I thought to myself, so I went to the door, paid my bill, got my clothes back and left the club and went back to my hotel. 

I had loved being a dirty cum and piss slut, a human toilet for as many cocks as I could. This had turned out to be a good holiday.