 Humiliation has long been an important part of my sexuality. Being called names, getting slapped and choked, and being exposed in public get me harder than anything.

I decided to pay a man who advertised as a Master who cared only about denigrating those who employed him. We agreed on a price and I arranged for a hotel room near the highway which was frequented by truckers.

I drove to the hotel, and while I waited in my car I changed into a bright, floral sundress. I was already wearing my pink bra, pink panties and white stockings. As Master ordered I waited in the car stroking my clit until he showed up. Anybody who cared to look in would see that I was clearly a man in a dress and lingerie (I wasn't allowed to wear my wig) playing with my tiny clit. 

Master drove up in his truck, and opened my door, pulling me out. "Hey, look, everybody! Here's a sissy faggot playing with himself here in the parking lot" he yelled. A few truckers looked over, and one said "You should smack that little fag for that." Master replied "Good idea!" and started to slap me in the face. I was getting harder with each slap. 

The truckers cheered him on, and Master pushed me down on my knees. "Admit you're a sissy, you little faggot." I said "I am a sissy," and Master yelled "Louder!" "I Am A Sissy Fag" I yelled louder. 

"Do you want a cock?

"Yes, Master I want cock."

"How many cocks do you want?"

"All the cocks, Sir!"

Master looked around at the men who were watching and said "You heard the fag, boys. I have a room here, and I'll make it available to anybody who wants to force feed this queer loser their cock."

Master put his hand around my neck and squeezed, lifting me up. My cock was now straining at my panties and dress. He then dragged me to his truck and reached in for a dog collar. He put it around my neck, tight, and attached a leash. He then started pulling me to our hotel room, pulling so hard I had trouble keeping balance on my pink high heels. 

We went into the room, and he left the door open. He pulled me over to the window and pulled the leash down, forcing me to my knees. Through the open door came four men, all rubbing their crotches. The last man closed the door behind him, and Master told him to leave it unlocked in case anybody else wanted to join. 

Master pulled hard on my leash, pulling my head back, and then tied it to the bed post. He positioned me so I was facing the window. 

Master told the men that if they stood with their back to the window they could remain anonymous while I sucked their cocks.

The first man came up to me with his cock out. As Master had told me to beforehand, I shook my head "no." Master said "I guess you'll have to slap the bitch till cooperates." The first man slapped me gently. I still shook my head. He slapped me harder, but still I shook my head. He the grabbed my leash with one hand, pulling it hard so the collar choked me. With his other hand he slapped me very hard. I started crying and sobbed "I'm sorry, sir. Please, please let me suck your cock."

The man grabbed the back of my head and pushed it down on his cock. I am very good at giving blow jobs, but this man only wanted to fuck my face. He thrust all the way in, and then proceeded to move my head in and out for about 10 minutes. As he stiffened he pulled out of my mouth and covered my face with his cum. 

"A fag like you doesn't get to swallow a real man's cum - you need to wear it so people know what a perverted fuck you really are. "As he zipped his pants he but the toe of his boot against my cock. "Wow, this shit really turned you on, didn't it?" I nodded, and he drew his foot back and kicked me hard in the cock. I fell forward in pain, choking myself on the collar and leash. 

Three more men followed him, each fucking my mouth as hard and deep as they could, cumming on my face rather than letting me swallow. Each also kicked my cock hard, and each time I fell forward from the pain.

None of the four men left when they finished, instead staying to cheer on the others. When the fourth was done they asked Master if he was going to take a turn. 

Master unzipped his pants, and said he needed to fuck something, and "this sick fag" is the closest thing at the moment. 

He untied my leash from the bed, pulled me over so my face was right at the window. Anybody walking by would see my cum-drenched face. Master went behind me, leash in hand, and pulled my dress up and my panties down. Luckily, I'd lubed before arriving, because without any preparation he rammed his cock deep into my ass. Each thrust forward was accompanied by a backward pull on the leash. 

I was trying hard not to cum myself. But as Master got close to cumming he dropped the leash, reached around me and grabbed my nipples, pulling them as hard as I could. That was all I could take, and I exploded, spraying my cum all over the carpet. Master came very soon afterward and let me fall to the floor.

As I lay there trying to catch my breath the first man who'd fucked my face bent down, grabbed the back of my beck, and dragged me over to where my cum had landed on the carpet. "Lick it up, bitch!" Despite the grossness of the floor, I did as I was told. And despite all I'd been through I started to get hard again. 

The four men left, laughing and slapping each other on the back. 

Master sat down and asked "Do you need to rest a bit before round two?"