 I have just spent a weekend enjoying the best sex of my life. My new lover Bill had fucked me silly, and I now knew I was gay and never wanted anything but cock to satisfy my ever-expanding needs. He had even brought some friends over for a group session that I had absolutely loved and all I wanted to do from now on was more of the same. 

Little did I know that this wonderful scenario I was envisioning would take a strange twist that would find me being abused, used, and humiliated by an old friend. In one short afternoon, my life would be turned upside down again as my own lust would force degradation on myself and leave me dazed and confused.

I awoke early Tuesday morning to my phone ringing a number that was unknown to me, wondering who could be calling at such an early time. Hesitantly answering, I heard a seemingly familiar female voice saying, "Hello stud, what are you up to today?"

My god, it was Mandy, wife of the man who had recently turned me into his most eager cock whore. After telling me she got my number from her husband, she dropped a bomb that caught me completely off-guard!

She told me that she knew all about Bill's escapades with me and several others, and if I wanted to continue, I would have to fulfill certain needs she had. If not, there would be a messy divorce and I would be in the center of the court proceedings. Well, I didn't want that, and whether she meant it or not, I sure didn't want to find out. She suggested that we meet that afternoon to go over rules she was working on, and I semi-reluctantly agreed to arrive at their place at one p.m sharp.

Mandy had been a lover of mine several years ago for a very short time. She had been a very active fuck, no complaints there, but wasn't the most trustworthy person I'd ever met. In no time, she was fucking several of my "friends" and saw nothing wrong with that. I bailed out and hadn't given her much more than a thought till she drove into the driveway two days before. 

Now thinking about the past with her, I remember what a great fuck she was. She had complete orgasms when we were together, ejaculating and spraying all over me and the bed whenever we humped. She screamed loudly whenever she came and always wanted more. Needless to say, she was an exhausting person to be with, and seemingly ever insatiable. Thinking back, I realized that may have been the reason she couldn't be satisfied with just me, but needed several men to please her.

Well, I arrived at Bill's house at precisely one o'clock and Mandy greeted me at the door dressed in a very revealing black three piece lingerie. She ushered me into the living room, pressed me down on the sofa and after a few formalities told me what she had in mind. She was a bit surprised I had recently gone gay but told me that wasn't a problem with her. I was going to be her slave when she got the urge, and if I didn't agree, I wouldn't have Bill anymore.

Since I had no say in any of this, I had to agree. I didn't really want to go after woman ever again, but felt I had no choice. I told her I'd do just about anything to keep the set-up I had with Bill, and saying that, I noticed she was lightly rubbing her clit thru her crotchless lace panties. Mandy said she was getting wet already and it was time for me to take care of her needs. Taking me upstairs to the room where my greatest joy had occurred, she stripped me down to my briefs and roughly threw me down on the bed. Removing two of her three pieces, but leaving on the crotchless panties, she pounced on me, shoving her now dripping pussy into my face.

What did I get myself into? I didn't want this but had no choice. I started licking and eating her as she pulled me closer while her love juices seemed to flow from an enormous reservoir. She screamed, "That's it little boy, don't stop." 

She was so wet, and her clitoris so engorged that I closed my eyes and envisioned I was sucking a cock. Once that thought entered my mind, it seemed easier, if not somewhat enjoyable. I noticed that thru no fault of my own, my own cock was getting hard. I was even groaning like I was sucking a cock as Mandy kept repeating,"Thats it ...that's it." Soon she started spasming and I knew what to expect.

She let out an animal-like scream while slamming her hips forward. I opened my mouth as a wave of liquid filled my mouth. I swallowed as fast as I could and kept eating as more juices continued flowing. If I remember correctly, and she hadn't changed, I knew I could get her to do that again in short order. In the days together, she could sometimes ejaculate eight or ten times during a fuck. After the first squirt, which was usually salty, the rest were just like water, with a slight metallic taste. Not distasteful, but certainly not delicious like cum and definitely not the same feeling as that of a recoiling cock exploding in your mouth.

After the first ejaculation washed away her oily love juices, I had to re-work her clit to get them flowing again, and in no time, Mandy was groaning and gyrating on my tongue. In the back of my head, I kept wondering how I got into this situation, yet my mouth kept doing all it could to please her. 

Again, she screamed and sent a gusher into my mouth that I hurriedly swallowed, then placed two fingers into her pussy and started manipulating her Skenes gland. After a few seconds she came again! The force pushed my two fingers out of her hole, but I replaced them, and as I finger fucked her, I licked her clitoris till another squirt rapidly followed. 

Mandy was like a dog in heat! Still quite attractive, and extremely sexy but never satisfied. I was on my stomach, still lapping up her juices as she jumped up and behind me and pulled down my shorts. Without hesitation, she screamed out as she slammed her tongue deep into my ass. I closed my eyes and imagined it was Bill doing that while getting me ready for a fuck. I groaned and lifted my hips up to meet her thrusting tongue. Once I was stretched, she stuck her finger in there and cooed "Do you like that, baby?" 

Out of control, I quickly moaned, "Yes,yes don't ever stop." Trying to imagine Bill manipulating my ass, I still couldn't get the thought out of my mind of Mandy and her wicked grin as she was getting a rush from being in total control while debasing me.

She had an evilness to her and she took joy in this type of situation. After a few minutes of this she said "Hold on while I get some oil," and went to the closet. 

I heard her shuffling thru some drawers, so I presumed, and in a moment she was back and I felt the coolness of a lubricant being pushed into my ass by her fingers. She had opened me enough for perhaps three of her fingers and I was feeling ecstatic. She pulled her fingers out leaned up and whispered in my ear, "This is for you, baby," as I felt a huge pole slam into my ass!

I screamed, partly in shock, and partly in delight, as I felt what must be a cock drive all the way into my deepest bowels. I felt Mandy's thighs against my ass as she held me tight and I finally realized she was wearing a strap-on! In the closet she must've hooked it up, and soon she was fucking me mercilessly. It was huge, and I was being bottomed out as she held my hips and attacked me without mercy. 

I think she wanted to hear me scream in pain, she was slapping me hard on my ass cheeks and slamming hard and deep. She was going wild, calling me a bitch and a cunt as she showed my ass no mercy. But I was getting so turned on, and I just grunted and met each thrust. She yelled ,"You're a little whore, aren't you?"

All I could think of in response was "Is that all you've got, you lousy cunt?"

Then she said "What's my husband gonna say, when he sees you like this?", and I couldn't imagine the answer to that. 

So, for what seemed like forever, Mandy pounded me, occasionally rolling me over on my back and shoving a pillow under me. Looking at her in that position while she fucked me, I saw what looked like the devil in her eyes. She was in charge, and looked like pure evil, yet I still didn't want this to stop. But on one final position change, with me on all fours again, I looked into the mirror behind the headboard, and noticed Bill was there, rubbing his cock, with the strangest look on his face. I didn't know what he was thinking but felt ashamed, nonetheless.

Mandy noticed him about the same time, and beckoned to him with, "Hello lover,what do you think of your little slut now? Do you want to join us?" 

To my delight Bill unbuckled his belt, removed his pants and shirt, and came to the head of the bed, his cock glistening with pre-cum. 

My ass was in heaven, but I can't ever recall a more wanted sight. I moaned, "Oh darling, I need and missed you so!" With that, he guided his shaft into my mouth and for the first time today, I felt completely fulfilled.

I sucked on Bill and with sincere groans, and worshipped his cock like a love-struck virgin. I needed him so much, I needed his cum, and I needed to know how he would feel when this was over. My mouth was completely filled as I deep throated him as best I could. The sensation of his huge pole filling my mouth and throat completely was the most wonderful feeling imaginable. All I needed was for his explosion to fill me up, and it was coming very quickly.

Mandy said, "Let me know when you are ready and I'll send this little pussy over the edge." She had an sadistic tone in her voice and I knew she was enjoying the humiliation she was administering to us.

I looked up into his eyes, sucked harder, if possible, and soon Bill said "Here it comes!". With that Mandy reached around and pumped my long forgotten cock, causing me to scream out as I shot my load, bouncing all over the bed as she held on to me like a bronco buster. Almost simultaneously, Bill filled my mouth with his wonderful seed and I lapped it up without refrain.

Mistakingly thinking the end was near, Mandy said, "Change positions," and pulled that giant shaft out while Bill quickly filled my ass with his still hard tool. I know Mandy was getting off on this mind fuck and rape of me and she wasn't done. She took the top of the bed and placed her extremely wet pussy on my face, where she came again almost immediately. 

Bill kept driving into me and Mandy kept spasming in my mouth. How could I stop this? I was tired and spent, yet would try to continue as long as they wanted. A few more ejaculations from Mandy and I think she was finally spent. Bill slowly eased out of me, turned my head sideways and gave me a soothing kiss. That reassured me that he wasn't angry about these events occurring and I let out a sigh of relief.

Well, while this entire situation had caught me by surprise, and as I later found out, Bill was given the same ultimatum as Mandy gave me. We were now in the same boat. All I had wanted was to be a sex slave to Bill, and now, it appeared, I was going to be a slave to the two of them. I didn't know how this would turn out, but as degrading as it seems, I am now a willing participant in this situation and hesitantly looking forward to the next chapter.