 I was headed to the river for an evening of fishing. My favorite river abuts a golf course and there is a network of service roads and cart paths through the woods between the course and the river. As I walked down one of the roads, I suddenly came upon a golf cart and someone in the woods nearby. 

As I approached, I heard, "Hey, I know you."

 It was a guy that I had worked with at my previous job and from the sound of him, he was trashed. I got closer and could see he was drinking a beer and there was another on the cart. After a short conversation, it was obvious that my first impression was correct, he was hammered and he was a rather obnoxious drunk at that. He kept going on about what a great golfer he was, he called himself "The Birdie Machine". I kept thinking what an idiot he was and just wanted to get out of there as quickly as I could. Finally, he puttered off in the golf cart and left me alone. 

I continued along to the river and began to fish, losing myself in what I was doing as I usually do while I'm on the water. After a while, I thought I heard something and glanced back into the woods and saw a golf cart parked just into the woods on one of the passing trails. I thought it rather odd, but didn't give it too much more thought and continued to work my way upstream. About half an hour later and several hundred yards upstream, I heard the noise of the golf cart again and realized that he was following me upstream and watching me from the woods. I wondered what he was up to, but I thought I probably knew him well enough to say that he didn't mean any harm, which led me to think either he was just curious and having a drunken adventure or he was checking me out. Despite always having been straight and how obnoxious he was, I found myself just a little turned on by the idea of him peeping at me from the woods. I continued my fishing and from time to time I could hear noise of one sort or another that let me know that he was still around, though I'm sure he was trying to be undetected. I realized that my cock was starting to get hard, I was turned on, but I told myself I just had to take a leak.

I decided that I'd give him a little thrill and step into the woods within eyeshot of him to relieve myself. I angled to the woods just far enough away from him that he wouldn't panic and think that I saw him. I stepped into the woods and was sure to select a spot hidden from the cart path, but clearly within sight of where I could see him trying to hide behind a tree. I shed my fishing gear and then dropped my waders and quickly pulled my cock out of my pants to pee. It took me a minute to get things flowing due to my partial hard on, but I finally started to take a long piss, much to my relief. I could see him out of the corner of my eye and I found that as my bladder drained my cock was getting harder until finally I had stopped peeing altogether and my cock was becoming fully erect. I was embarrassed that I was getting hard from this jerk watching me, but I couldn't deny that my cock was now standing straight up in front of me. Almost involuntarily, my hand slid up the length of my cock and slowly back down. I could see still from the corner of my eye that he was now standing fully in the open, but I didn't turn to look at him. I did begin to slowly stroke my cock. It throbbed achingly and I stroked harder and faster. I became more and more turned on that he was watching me stroke myself. 

"Can I suck you?" It was almost a whisper and I jumped despite knowing where it came from and perhaps even expecting it.

I didn't answer, but turned slowly towards him and moved my hand away from my cock. He went to his knees in front of me and his mouth quickly sucked my cock inside. His mouth moved up and down my hard shaft, sucking and licking and nearly buckling my knees.

"I'm going to cum", I warned him, but undeterred, he continued sucking until I felt my cum boil up from my balls and erupt into his mouth. He sucked and licked until I was done shooting and then stood, stroking his own cock which he had freed from his pants and begun working over while he had been sucking me.

"Would you do me?" he asked tentatively. His lack of assuredness was in such contrast to his brazenness earlier, I knew that he thought I might just as likely tell him to fuck off. My eyes dropped to the meat that he was holding in his hand. It was large and thick and though I'd never done anything like this before, I knew I wanted to suck it. Before I really even knew what I was doing, I was on my knees in front of him taking his fat cock into my mouth. As soon as I felt the heat of his swollen cock on my lips and tongue and tasted the salty precum oozing from him I knew that I was born to suck cock. I devoured what I hadn't known that I'd been missing all my life. It was quickly obvious to him that I was not just doing him a favor and his bravado quickly returned.

"Oh yea, you like that don't you?" I could hear the smile in his voice as he said it and all I could do was moan back, "mmmmm". "That's it, suck it, suck my cock". He was growing more confident, and more obnoxious as it became more and more apparent how much I craved his cock.

Suddenly, he pushed me back away from him and I fell back on the ground. He stepped forward and stood over me stroking his cock and I just stared, wanting nothing in the world more than to get his cock back into my mouth. "You knew I was looking didn't you?" "Yes" I admitted, struggling forward and groping with my mouth for his cock. He pushed me away again, "You fucking cock sucker. You let me ask you first like I'm the fag didn't you. You're the fucking fag cock sucker aren't you?"

"Please", I croaked as I struggled against his hand pushing against my forehead.

"Look at you, groveling for my cock. Beg me for it fag."

"Please. Please let me suck it. Please, oh god, please just let me suck your cock, please", I begged, knowing that I was surrendering all control to him. At that moment I'd have said anything, done anything to have his cock in my mouth. His hand moved around from my forehead to the back of my head and he suddenly pulled me forward and shoved his cock into my mouth. "Mmmmm" I moaned as I felt his hot cock fill my mouth again. 

"That's it. Keep sucking bitch, I got a mouthful for you in a minute."

"Mmmmmm", I moaned without thinking, just needing his hot load like a fish needs water.

"Yea, you're not just a cock sucking fag, you're a cum loving slut aren't you", he taunted pulling his cock out of my mouth.

"Yes", was my instant reply, "Cum in my mouth, on my face, please, oh god I need your cum, please, I'll do anything, please."

He pushed me back again and this time, straddled me, leaning forward and beginning to roughly fuck my face. I tried to relax my throat and keep from choking. I was in heaven gagging on his cock. It became my whole world, that beautiful cock, the smell of it, the taste of it, the hardness being forced into me Shoved down my throat, his balls slapping my chin and his sweaty pubic hair matting against my nose and eyes. Then in an instant it was gone, but before I could moan my disapproval the first hot splash of cum landed across my cheek.

"Oh yes" I practically sobbed, "yes, mmmm" as I licked at the underside of his shaft and felt it lift up and away from me as another hot pulse of cum shot out onto my face.

His hand tilted his cock down and pushed it back into my mouth as I sucked him clean and milked the rest of the cum from him hungrily.

He stood over me and looked at my lust crazed face, covered in his cum and saw my hand stroking madly at my own swollen cock. He grabbed my knees and forced them back roughly until they were so far back that they were on either side of my head. I felt his cock against the crack of my ass and then suddenly he was inside me. The penetration was so sudden and unexpected that I gasped and moaned loudly.

"Now you're really my bitch", he grunted as he felt my ass contract around his cock.

"Fuck me", I gasped.

He pounded almost straight down into my ass. I was bent practically double and my cock was just above my face. I watched it throb with every thrust of his cock into my ass. His pace quickened and I could feel my balls pull tight. First a short pulse and then a steady deluge of cum poured from my cock onto my face as I felt the hot wetness of him filing my ass. He thrust forward one last time and grunted then stumbled back against a tree. I lay on the ground in front of him and my legs fell back to the ground as I sprawled limply. My face was covered in cum, both his and my own and I could feel his last load starting to seep from my asshole and down between my cheeks. He pulled his pants on and stumbled away to the golf cart and left me there. It was some time before I could finally gather the strength to dress and go home.

I fell quickly to sleep, but the next day I awoke and could think of nothing else. I thought perhaps that I could get it out of my head and go on with my life if I wrote it down. I sat at my computer and wrote my experience in every detail that was burned into my mind. I was shocked to suddenly find that I was bi and embarrassed at what a slut I was, but the thought of sharing my humiliation with others was too much to resist. I posted my story on Literotica then threw my legs over my head and stroked myself until I came on my face again.