 I pushed him against the wall and kissed his lips hard. He tasted delicious as I pressed into him. I shoved my hand into his bathing suit as he groaned into my kiss. I grasped his hard cock and jacked it a few times. I could feel the slickness of his precum on my hand. Suddenly, he shoved me against the other wall and tore away from me. He gripped the sides of my bathing suit and ripped it down my legs as my swollen phallus slapped back up to hit my stomach. He squatted between my legs and sucked my dick.

"Gonna play rough, huh?" I laughed.

He slapped my balls hard with his hand. I nearly doubled over in pain but his strong arm pressed at my chest, forcing my back against the wall tiles. He continued to suck my dick, trying to regain the erection which had been lost with the assault on my nuts. I snatched his blond hair in my hands and pulled it hard. His nails clawed into my ass and I felt the wetness of blood run down my leg.

"You goddamn son of a bitch motherfucking bastard! No fair!" I yelled at him.

He snickered and continued to suck my cock. I slapped the side of his head and forced his mouth from my dick. I pushed my knee into his chest and knocked him over backwards. He laughed. I leapt onto him and pulled his dark blue Speedo from his ass. He continued to laugh as I pulled it over his feet and he lay naked on the tiled floor beneath me.

"Now I'm gonna beat your ass, Hunter!" I shouted.

"I'm waiting, James. I'm still waiting. You're such a wimp!"

I kicked my red Speedo from my feet and twisted his right arm behind his back. Hunter wrapped his hairy legs around my waist and squeezed like a pro wrestler. I buried my face in his neck and nipped it with my teeth, then kissed and sucked it hard. I felt his cock pressing hard into my stomach as the head of my cock pressed at his asshole. With his legs wrapped around me, Hunter's pussy begged to be assaulted. I pushed my cock at his tight hole.

"You think you're gonna get my pussy that easy, Summers?" Hunter bit my earlobe.

I yelped and pulled back. He slapped my face hard with his free hand and I saw stars, literally. I punched his side with my fist. He grunted and I forced his legs over my shoulders. Hunter's penis was rigid, pointing straight up through his mass of tight blond pubic curls, his purple mushroom tip at his belly button. His balls hung low over his taint in their smooth pink sack. His asshole winked at me as it clinched in and out with his body flexes. 

Hunter laughed and pushed at me but I had him pressed tight against the floor. His legs were trapped against his chest, restricting his breathing. I pushed a finger into his asshole and I could see the surprise in his blue eyes.

"Like that, Silaste?" I sneered.

He moaned and I pushed the finger in as far as I could. I felt a soft bump I knew was his prostate. I rubbed it and he moaned. Hunter Silaste was a handsome guy. He was tall, slim, and blond, his body smooth except for the thick blond hair in his armpits, on his legs, and the wild forest of pubes above cock. I'd been wanting fuck this arrogant bastard since seeing him strut like a rooster on the beach earlier. He was enjoying my finger in his ass and stopped resisting me. He closed his eyes and pushed his asshole against my finger.

I smiled. Gotcha. I withdrew my finger, leaned and sucked his beautiful cock into my mouth. I pushed my tongue against his piss slit and swallowed his precum. I kissed his cock and sucked on his balls. I heard him sigh deeply as I licked and kissed his asshole. I probed it with my tongue. Like a Venus Flytrap Hunter's legs snapped shut around my neck and squeezed tight. I couldn't breathe and his shin was bearing down so hard on my Adam's apple I almost lost consciousness. What a goddamned fool I was.

At 6'3", Hunter was four inches taller than me. He was all muscle and skin, not an ounce of fat. The tall blond had been the terror of our high school and its star athlete in every sport. I competed with him in everything, always second except in academics. I'd been class valedictorian, in all honors classes, and his rival for class superiority. He was devastated when students chose me over him as Homecoming King. . I didn't give a damn about the title and had expected him to be elected but still, I'm not modest. Many consider me to be more handsome-- dark brown hair, darker blue eyes, tanned with a hairier body. I have hair on my chest and stomach, on my legs and forearms, in my pits and crotch, even on my ass. My penis is an inch smaller than his but I've been told I last longer when I fuck and I always bring my partner to an orgasm. More than one had told me Hunter is a dud in bed compared to me.

Just before I passed out, Hunter flipped me onto my chest. Lying face down, I felt him pour tanning lotion on my asshole. The loss of oxygen made me too weak to resist from. He forced my legs apart and his oiled cock pushed my pussy hole. In an instant, I was impaled on his cock and he was crushing me into the tiled floor. He pulled his cock out and then slammed it all the way back into me again. I felt his pubes rub my ass and I relaxed my body to let him fuck me. His chest crushed into my back as kissed my neck and licked my ear before nipping on the lobe gently with his teeth.

"You like my big cock in your ass, don't you, James?" he whispered, chuckling softly.

He grunted as he fucked me hard. Each jackhammer punch of his cock into my ass squeezed my nuts into the tiled floor. They were trapped up around my hard penis which was pinched on the floor beneath my stomach, resulting in a stinging pain.

"Tell me you love me, James," his velvety voice crooned in my ear.

"Fuck you, Hunter!"

He laughed. "No, I'm fucking you, valedictorian. And you love every second of it. Tell me you love me, Jamie boy." He laughed and nibbled my neck.

I was in pure ecstasy. I loved every second of it and I wanted more. But tell him that? No. Hunter bit into my neck and began to suck it like a goddamn vampire.

"I'm going to mark you, James. When you look in the mirror I want you to remember I fucked you."

He laughed softly.

"Tell me how much you love me, James."

He pistoned into my ass faster and harder. My cock slid between my stomach and the floor, freed from its pressure by the slickness of my precum creating a wet zone. My balls churned as I felt my orgasm rising and I arched my back against Hunter. He turned my head so his lips could cover mine and his tongue pushed into my mouth. Our kiss was passionate and it drove me to climax. My cock began to ejaculate semen onto the floor and my asshole clinched Hunter's cock like a vise. He screamed and pulled out one last time before ramming his cock into me like a sword. I felt it spasm as he shot his hot semen into my ass. We both shuddered and moaned as if having a seizure. 

Hunter collapsed on me for several minutes and I enjoyed the feel of his body on mine. Then he kissed his way down my back, slowly making his way to my ass. He kissed my violated ass gently and parting the cheeks, kissed and licked his cum that dripped from my hole. I lay paralyzed under his spell. Then he stood up and pulled on his bathing suit. He reached his hand down to help me up.

"Get your lazy ass up off the floor," he laughed.

I stood and pulled my up own bathing suit. He softly kissed the bruise he had put on my cheek. We walked through the exit and Hunter locked the door to the beach cabana. 

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hit you so hard."

"That's what you always say, Hunter. Always. I'm going to fuck your ass next time."

He hooted with laughter. "You keep promising me that, James. Promises, promises, and yet I still feel almost like a virgin."

We walked along the sandy beach.

"I'll be on the beach again Thursday. You'll be here, James?"

"Wild horses couldn't keep me away."