 I sat in my apartment on my couch trying to make sense of what I was doing. Only months earlier I had been snooping around a male-for-male message board out of pure curiosity when he started the conversation.

His name was Todd. He began pleasantly and we developed a rapport about sports and other mundane things. I wasn't looking for a hook up, and was on my defensive, but the conversations melted away my misgivings. Weeks followed and I looked forward to hearing from him. There was nothing sexual about the exchanges per se, but every once in a while there would be a little innuendo thrown in as a tension breaker. These exchanges being via internet, I would respond in kind, and there was nothing that felt inappropriate about them.

Finally, with the Super Bowl approaching he suggested we make a bet. He was thinking Patriots, I was thinking St. Louis. I couldn't in good conscience agree to New England as I was a staunch Dolphins fan. 

"You're pretty sure of yourself, aren't you?" he said. 

"Pretty sure the Patriots lose, yes," I said in response.

"Ok," he said. "Let's make this interesting."

Thinking he meant money, I said, "I'm listening."

"Ok. You're a good bit younger than I am, so I'd feel bad about taking your money. How about the loser has to do something for winner?"

"Like what?"

"Ok, I've got it. The winner gets a blowjob."

I was without words. I mean, I knew there was a little vague sexual tension around, but this was way more out front than I was ready for. I was a straight guy, yes curious perhaps, but definitely not experienced or experimental.

"Cat got your tongue?" he said. "Or are you suddenly less confident in your football knowledge?"

The grade school-like challenge was enough to make me speak before thinking it through. Plus, this was over the internet, and I never had to actually meet the guy if I wasn't comfortable.

"Ok," I said. "It's a deal. The winner gets a blowjob."

The next week was filled with trash talking on both sides. We'd never exchanged photos, but I knew that he was a psychologist, a bit out of shape, and had a way with words. Through conversation, I also found that he dabbled in hypnosis. He told me it helped people with phobias or even mild addictions overcome their issues. I told him that as a cyclist I'd been having a bit of performance anxiety before races and he suggested we try it sometime. It seems like a good icebreaker, but I put a pin in it for some other time. 

The game came and went. I lost to a last second field goal by Adam Vinateri, in what would be the start of New England's dynasty. Roundly beaten, I kicked around the idea of just ceasing all communications with Todd, but remained intrigued about what he'd mentioned regarding hypnosis. The thought of having to give a blowjob was plenty disturbing, though. I'd never had any interested in other guys, save for the curiosities of my classmates in the locker rooms. Never sexual in nature, only comparison and contrast. I could certainly appreciate a well built guy and could say if one was more attractive than another, but I'd never thought of a sexual encounter with one. 

I expressed my nerves with Todd, and he responded by saying that it was just kind of a joke. He didn't want give one either. I was relieved, but it was enough to spark curiosity. After the change in plans, we continued to talk as before. Sexual innuendo continued as well. In the middle of a conversation he might spout off with, "Yeah, well you still should giving me a blowjob." It was met with laughter, but also kept the tension there, just under the surface.

I was a rabid internet porn junkie and used them to masturbate frequently. As I wondered what a blowjob would be like, I began to pay more and more attention to the male actors in the pornos; the size of their dicks, how they came, and what the women did to them. I was increasingly interested in blowjob videos rather than straight-up sex. It became such that just watching another guy cum was enough to get me hard as a rock. 

One day Todd suggested we try a little hypnosis to see how susceptible I was. I wasn't sure about it, but finally agreed to meet up at my apartment the next day and give it a shot. So here I was, waiting for this stranger I'd met online. A man who I'd at one time agreed to give a blowjob.

The knock at the door startled me. I didn't know what to expect, and had I expected anything, he wouldn't have been it. 

"Todd?" I said.

"Yes. Hi Kevin, good to finally meet you."

We shook hands and I invited him in. He definitely wasn't the most physically attractive man I'd ever seen. He was a couple of inches shorter than I, a bit out of shape (as he had previously mentioned), balding, and just generally homely in appearance. We sat on the couch and I offered him something to drink, which he turned down. He quickly came to the subject of hypnosis with me.

"So, do you want to try what we discussed?" he asked.

"Sure. I don't really know what I'm doing, so you'll have to guide me through it."

He told me to lay down on the couch and get comfortable, while he grabbed a nearby chair that he positioned next to me. He sat down in the chair as I reclined. He told me to close my eyes and relax, so I did as he instructed and placed my hands across my stomach. He went through some basic breathing exercises with me and repetitively told me I would be getting more and more loose and relaxed. After about five-or-ten minutes of this I was truly becoming relaxed and felt I was almost sinking into the cushions. Finally he said, "At the count of three you will fall completely asleep. You will be conscious enough to do what tell you to do, but you will be in a completely relaxed state. One...two...three."

At the count of three, I really did feel somewhere between sleep and deep relaxation, yet somewhat conscious of certain things going on around me. Mainly, I was just completely focused on the sound of his voice instructing me. He spoke to me about my anxieties and what was making me nervous before races. He told me that I would no longer have these nervous feelings, but would be in control of myself. He repeated these several times and after each instruction would ask if I understood him. I would give him a simple, "yes" in response. I was in a complete state of focus and calm when the subject veered off in a new direction. 

"Your whole body is completely relaxed from head to toe. You are completely comfortable with me, aren't you?" he asked.

"Yes," I said.

"Now you are completely relaxed. All your muscles are completely at ease, except for one area of your body. You are beginning to feel a small amount of tension in your groin area. Do you feel it?" he asked.

As he said it, I became focused on my crotch and did feel a bit of movement. "Yes," I said in response.

"You don't know why you are feeling this way, but you are becoming aroused. You can feel yourself getting an erection. Do you feel that?"

"Yes," I said. I felt a familiar twitch in my jeans and began getting hard instantly. 

He continued, "There is nothing to be ashamed of. You are experiencing an erection in front of your therapist, Todd. He is a friend, and you have nothing to hide from him. It's getting very hard now, isn't it? Your jeans are straining to hold it in, aren't they?"

"Yes," I said. My hands instinctively went to the growing bulge in my jeans. 

"That's ok. You are comfortable touching yourself in front of Todd. You're beginning to feel hot in this room. You are even beginning to sweat in your clothes, aren't you?"

"Yes." Just as he said, I was feeling stifled in my clothes. 

"You want to take your shirt off to get cool. Do you want to take it off?" he asked.

"Yes." I quickly pulled my shirt over me head and tossed it to the ground. I felt relief from the heat almost immediately. 

"Good," he said. "You are starting to feel a little better, but you are still hot in your jeans. You want to take them off, don't you?"

"Yes," I said again. With urgency, I quickly unzipped and pulled off my jeans, tossing them nearby as well, all the while keeping my eyes clothes unconsciously. I lay back on the couch in just my boxers.

"You are feeling better, but still a little hot. You are comfortable around your friend and therapist. You want to take off your boxers. You don't have any fears of being naked in front of your friend, do you?"

"No," I said. 

"Take off your boxers," he said.

I pulled them off and felt my hard cock snap back to my stomach. I lay back on the couch completely naked, but still relaxed. I was aware of Todd's voice and his presence but had no misgivings about being naked in front of him. It felt natural.

"You're feeling much better now, and still completely relaxed. You feel comfortable around Todd even though you have an erection. You want to touch yourself, don't you?" 

"Yes." My hands moved to my hard-on and began to stroke it up and down.

"That's good. You are beginning to think of a bet you made with your friend Todd, now. Do you remember a bet you made with him recently?" he asked.

I paused for a moment before admitting it. I continued to stroke myself as he spoke to me. 

"You feel like you want to pay your debt to Todd now, don't you?"

I said, "yes" before I could even think about it. It was completely reflexive and visceral. I knew what was about to happen, but I felt calm about it. I heard him stand up out of his chair, but remained supine in the couch, continuing to stroke my hard dick. 

"You're doing fine. You are continuing to touch yourself while you going to pay your debt to your friend," he said. I heard a zipper open and the sound of a pair of pants with keys in the pockets dropping to the ground. "You are ready to pay your debt aren't you?" 

"Yes," I said. My dick was so hard I thought it might burst. I continued to stroke and grip it in my hand. 

I heard him step forward. "You are going to turn your head toward my voice now, and see the most beautiful penis you've ever seen. When you see it, you're going to want to put it in your mouth. Now turn your head to me."

I did as he told me, and opened my eyes. His cock stared my straight in the face. It was about 6 inches in length, and his ample belly protruded above. Suddenly I felt an uncontrollable urge to taste his cock, so I opened my mouth and went to it. He pushed it between my open lips and I heard him sigh. Precum dripped onto my lips and tongue as he entered my mouth. The taste sent a shock through me and I felt precum oozing from my own dick as I stroked it with my free hand. My other hand propped me up so I could be at a comfortable level with his stiff cock. One of his hands went to the back of my head and he pulled me closer to him. I felt his pubic hair on my face and his heavy testicles beneath. His pace quickened and he began to grunt with each stroke.

"Yes, that's it. You're paying your debt to Todd. You're sucking his cock. You've never wanted anything as much as this. You love sucking his cock, don't you?" he said, breathlessly.

"Yes," I said as I sucked his cock. He wasn't very big and his round belly only made it appear smaller, but I wanted it. I greedily sucked him as much as I could. His balls were slapping me gently in the chin as I took him as far as I could go. I didn't want it to stop.

"Yes, you're going to make Todd cum. You want to taste him when he comes. You've never wanted anything so bad in your life!" he grunted as his pace became more intense. I took each stroke of his cock into my mouth, only wanting more. Then he began to grunt loudly and erratically.

"Oh yes, oh yeah!" he shouted, and spasmed as streams of semen shot into my mouth. He held my head tightly to his crotch and continued to shoot his cum into me. I swallowed as much as I could, but still felt it drip from the corner of my mouth and stream down my neck. He came far more than I was ever able to.

He then withdrew from my mouth and I fell back onto the couch. My own cock began to soften. I didn't feel the need to cum-the excitement of pleasing Todd seemed to be enough for me. I heard him gasping for air as if he had just run a marathon.

"You did well," he said. "You paid your debt and you enjoyed it. Your job was to please Todd and you did very well." I heard him getting dressed next to me. He began having me put my clothes back on, and I did, returning to the same recumbent position on the couch. Finally, he had me start to awaken slowly, and by the end I was fully awake. 

I sat up on the couch feeling strange, but not having a clear recollection of what had transpired. He told me it was very productive, but that we may need some more sessions to really get "to the root of it". I walked him to the door and we said our goodbyes, but something told me we would be doing this therapy again very soon.