 Summary: New jock cock sucker serves nerd he used to bully. 

Note 1: Thanks to hfernandez1983 for the story idea and the intriguing revelation that hypno sissy videos exist in the first place. 

Note 2: Of course, all participants are at least 18-years-old. 

Note 3: Thanks to Robert, Wayne, and Tex Beethoven for editing. 

Note 4: This story will make more sense if you read the first two parts first. But in case you don't have time, or read them a while ago and need a refresher: 

HypnoSissy 1: Becoming a Cocksucker 

A cocky 18-year-old high school senior, Brian, tries to seduce a pretty college girl, Rose, but instead is seduced by her. Rose, after allowing him to go down on her a couple of times, gives him a USB with a dozen videos that he is to watch (unknown to him they were hypno-sissy videos) and slowly be begins to get curious about sucking cock and eating cum. After watching all 12, Brian goes to Rose's college dorm and before the night is done he sucks his first cock and swallows his first load of cum. 

HypnoSissy 2: Becoming a Cum Slut 

Brian, having had his first cock is given a second set of videos to watch by the beautiful, mysterious Rose. Watching the second set of videos, his hunger for more cock builds until he meets a stranger at lunch in a van and then is taken to a gloryhole by Rose where he gets to suck on five very different cocks. 

Now a shorter chapter... about the next day... 

HypnoSissy 3: Big Nerd Cock 

The next day, I woke up horny and hungry. 

I wanted more cock and more cum. 

I recalled last night and sucking five cocks: particularly that big black cock and, although I wished I could forget, Eugene's big nerd cock. I also couldn't help but recall his surprisingly dominant persona, so different from his usual meek demeanor. I also couldn't forget his warning that he would figure out who had sucked his cock, and Rose's offer that if he could name me he could have me as his personal cock sucker. And by this time breaking my Mistress's promise to anyone wasn't even an option. 

I opened my computer, bummed to have no more new videos to watch from Rose, and clicked on my favourite, the first one from the second USB... favourite because her voice was doing the narrating. 

I jerked off, listening and watching, and as I got close I imagined it was Eugene's nice big dick I was sucking. 

That did it for me. In seconds, I shot my load. 

I shut the computer down, took a shower and headed to school knowing I would have to suppress my inner cock sucker to avoid Eugene figuring out it was me he'd shot a load all over yesterday. 

Of course, the reality was that I was riddled with anxiety. The moment I saw him down the hallway I got nervous, even as my dick hardened. This only added to my confusion, since seeing a guy across the hallway shouldn't ever get me hard. 

Part of me, of course, was excited as I relived sucking his cock yesterday and how big and hard it was and how oddly natural it felt for him to use me like that and to shoot a load of his warm cum all over my face. 

Another part of me, of course, was completely petrified at being outed as a cock sucking faggot to the whole school. 

Sure, I loved being on my knees. 

Sure, I loved sucking cock. 

Sure, I loved swallowing cum and apparently even taking a facial too. 

And yes, I even seemed to get off on the name calling. 

But... 

But... 

That was the secret, hidden me. 

That wasn't who I was in public. 

In public I was a man's man. A jock. A stud. A guy women drooled over and wanted to fuck. 

These two polar opposite personas were fighting for control and that confused me even more. 

As I saw Eugene begin walking my way, I quickly turned the other way... not wanting to see him, not wanting to give him any opportunity to figure out I was his cock sucker. 

Stressed and yet aware of me craving for cock and cum, I made it to lunch... even though I was constantly picturing Eugene's huge dick. I went to my locker and saw Mary there, sucking on a lollipop. 

As I reached her, she asked, "Do you have anything to replace this?' 

Hoping a good blow job and maybe a dominant fuck might distract me from what I couldn't get out of my head... Eugene's cock, I nodded, "Let's go." 

Mary was as hungry for my cock as I was for Eugene's. As soon as I started driving to her house, she fished out my cock and went down on me while I drove. This was new for her. I asked, "Can't wait until we get to your place?" 

"I need your dick now," she purred, as she bobbed on my cock hungrily. I smirked to myself, enjoying the blow job, 'I know the feeling'. 

I enjoyed the blow job for the five minute drive to her house. As I pulled into her driveway, she stopped sucking, jumping out of the car, leaned back in and urged, "Let's go. I want that cock in me." 

"It just was in you," I joked. 

"This is not a time to be a smart ass," she scolded, hunger in her eyes. 

"Maybe it's time to take that ass," I countered, something she hadn't yet been willing to do. 

"You first," she quipped, as she headed into the house. Which got me thinking for a moment: although I had now sucked off seven cocks, the thought of taking it in the ass had never occurred to me. And although I was definitely a cock sucker, I wasn't a faggot. I didn't take it in the ass. 

I followed her into her house; she was already getting out of her jeans as she said, "Hurry up, I want that dick in me like yesterday." 

"That is impossible," I joked, knowing that when she got like this she didn't find my sense of humour funny... but I still did. 

"Stop being an asshole and get over here," she demanded, already on all fours bent over her parents' leather couch. 

I obliged, even as I joked again, "you and your fixation on my dick in your ass." 

"If you don't fuck me soon I'm going to shove something up your ass," she said, as I moved behind her and rubbed my cock up and down her already very wet pussy lips... continuing to tease her because I could. 

"Beg, slut," I ordered, not something I had called her before. She loved sex, she was a slut, but she was also a bit of a feminist in front of her peers. 

She glared at me, but clearly wanting my dick in her, said, "Please shove that big dick in me." 

Not the greatest begging, but good enough and I slid my cock deep in her with one forward thrust. 

"Yesssss," she moaned, "pound me, baby." 

Hearing her call me 'baby' made me Rose's face instantly pop into my head. 

Was I cheating on her? 

Would she approve of me fucking other girls? 

She did say I was her boyfriend. 

I suddenly stopped. 

"What are you doing?" Mary demanded. 

I didn't know what to do. I needed to shoot a load, so I could think straight. Yet, I didn't want to be cheating on Rose, though I still wasn't sure what kind of relationship we had. I had sucked dicked with her so it wasn't like we were exclusive to each other... 

"Fuck me!" she demanded again. 

My head was spinning again with indecision... I kind of felt like Hamlet and his 'to be or not to be' soliloquy... 'to fuck or not to fuck'. 

As I was frozen in this strange dilemma, Mary began bouncing back on my dick. I didn't fuck her, she fucked me and passively I allowed it to happen as I struggled to decide whether Rose would approve or not. 

She bounced back on my cock hard, really fucking herself and I kind of enjoyed the ride... even as I thought of Rose... imagining her beside me telling me what to do... maybe even spreading her legs and making Mary munch on her cunt. 

Mary's tight cunt and the visual of Mary burying her face in Rose's sweet box finally prevailed, and I grunted as I spewed my load inside her. 

"Oh yes, fill my cunt," Mary screamed, as it seemed to be the final push she needed to come also. I felt her juices swirl around my cock as I gave her mine. 

She slowed down and then collapsed onto the couch. She scolded, "Now you even have to make me do all the work?" 

"I wanted to see how bad you really wanted it," I shrugged, as I moved down and shoved my cock in her mouth and fucked her face roughly. 

She gagged and pushed me away. "What the fuck?" she asked, suddenly angry. 

I shrugged again, enjoying being able to become the dominant again, "Just needed to clean your cunt juice off my dick." 

"You asshole," she said. 

"What?" I asked, then smiled, "I can't smell like cunt when I go to gym." 

"My cunt smells like roses," she said, slapping my dick playfully. 

"Exactly," I said, as I slid my cock back in her mouth. "I don't want to go to school smelling all pretty." 

This time she bobbed slowly on me and as I watched her I suddenly wanted a cock back in my mouth. 

Sigh. 

So much for fucking Mary to help get Eugene's dick out of my head. 

I said, after a minute or so, "We should probably get back to school." 

And after she cleaned up, we headed back to school. 

And an hour later, I was walking to the gym. 

Meanwhile, I was worried I would be outed. 

Meanwhile, I tried to act casual. 

Meanwhile, I craved cock. 

Meanwhile, I had to try to act as casual as I ever had... like I'd always been able to do in the past. 

Jim yelled, "Wait up, Brian." 

I stopped and waited for one of my many buddies... all whom I had been avoiding since I met Rose. 

"Where you been lately?" he asked. 

"Just around," I shrugged. 

"You got a new bitch, don't you?" 

I again shrugged, "I like to keep my options open." 

"Man, I don't know how you do it," he said, shaking his head. 

"It's all the things I have that you don't," I quipped, "Looks, personality and a big dick." 

Jim laughed, as we entered the gym locker room, "My dick is bigger than yours." 

"I don't think so," I said, suddenly realizing I had no idea how big his dick was. Before Rose it wasn't something I paid attention to. 

I went to my locker to change into my gym clothes all the while trying to avoid Eugene... which I thankfully did... not seeing him until we were in the gym and our coach announced we were playing dodgeball... my favourite game after football. 

Teams were split, the way they always were, by two captains choosing their teams. As usual, I was picked first (occasionally I was second to Jim) and also as usual Eugene was picked near the end... only the obese Edwin picked after him... and we were on opposite teams. 

As we played the game, I couldn't help but notice something I'd never noticed before. How unfair a game dodgeball was. I mean I always knew it was unfair, but I had never really put any thought into it. I mean I was a jock, Eugene wasn't... that just the way it was. 

Yet, as we played, I couldn't bring myself to throw the ball at him. I couldn't explain it, but I suddenly felt empathy for him and for others like him. Not because I wanted to suck his cock, which I did, but because I suddenly realized how big a dick I'd always been to him and to others like him. 

I threw balls, but made sure to go after other jocks. 

The hour ended and I went to the shower like I always did... being sure not to make eye contact with anyone or anyone's dick... even though I was curious. 

I showered. 

I got dressed. 

I headed out. 

I was heading to my car when I heard Eugene call out, "Brian." 

Oh, shit! One word... my name... and I knew he knew it was me. 

I stopped and turned around, trying to remain stoic and confident, as I said, "Hey, Eugene." 

"I really hate dodgeball," he said. 

"I understand," I nodded. "It is kind of a dumb game." 

"The dumbest," he nodded, looking like he wanted to say something else, but wasn't completely confident he was right... that I was his cock sucker. 

Really wanting to suck his cock, yet also not wanting to admit such a thing, I said, "Well, I need to get going." 

He blurted, "It was you, wasn't it?" 

"What was?" I asked as I felt the blood drain from my face, even though I knew exactly what he was asking. 

Then he smiled. "It was you." 

"Excuse me?" I asked, trying to play dumb even as I glanced down to his crotch. 

He started laughing and didn't seem able to stop. "Oh, it's definitely you." 

"Eugene," I pleaded. "Please, I..." 

He suddenly interrupted me as he stopped laughing and looked me directly in the eye, asking pointedly, "Do you want my dick now?" 

"Eugene, I, um," I babbled. 

"Meet me in the debate room, 412, in ten minutes, cock sucker," Eugene ordered, then turned briskly and walked away. 

I stood there flabbergasted. 

I grabbed my phone and texted Rose: 

Eugene knows it was me. 

She texted back: 

Do you want his cock again? 

I did. Yet, I didn't. 

I desperately wanted another cock in my mouth, but a potential outing to the entire school was not something I was ready for. 

I replied: 

Yes, but what if he outs me? 

She texted back: 

He is going to have you suck his cock and then out you? Seems unlikely! 

She made a good point. 

She texted me again: 

Go suck his cock and then come and see me. I have your next USB ready. 

Instantly two things excited me. Permission to suck cock. A third USB. 

I texted back: 

The things I do for you!! 

She texted back: 

Oh I have other things for you to do. 

My cock instantly hardened as I wondered what she had for me. More cock? Eat her pussy? Fuck her? 

I headed to the room, still unsure how I was going to deal with Eugene. As I arrived back in the school, Jim spotted me and asked, "Aren't you going the wrong way?" 

I nodded, trying to be casual, "Forgot something in my locker." 

"See you tomorrow," he said. 

"Not if I see you first," I joked, the lamest joke ever. 

I went up the stairs and headed to the room, happy the hallway was empty. 

Reaching room 412, I took a deep breath and opened the door. 

Once inside, Eugene ordered, "Close and lock the door." 

I did. 

He was at a computer working on something. 

I said, "We need to talk." 

"Agreed," he said, not looking up from his computer. 

"Eugene, this needs to stay between you and us," I began. 

"Agreed," he repeated, as he finally looked up from the computer. 

I wasn't sure what to do, what to say. It was weirder than a first date. Yet like a first date, I wanted something. Unlike all my other first dates, this time I wasn't about to get laid. 

"Come over here and get on your knees," he ordered, his firm tone from last night back, the nerd persona completely gone. 

Sheepishly, my hunger for cock overrode the fact that a nerd was ordering me around. Truthfully, it kind of turned me on. 

I walked over to him, he rolled back his chair, and I knelt before him. 

He smiled, "At first I hadn't figured out you were the cock sucker." 

I asked, curious to how he had known it was me, "How did you know it was me?" 

"The way you avoided looking at me and then avoided throwing the ball at me. Usually, you have no mercy towards people like me." 

"Oh," was all I could muster as he was right. The old me would have gone for the knockout punch every time. Dodgeball was the ultimate game of strength and I loved showing mine off. 

"But man, what a pleasant surprise," he said. 

I said, "This needs to stay between us." 

"Sure," he nodded. "Who am I going to tell? Who would believe me?" 

I laughed, "I guess." 

"Are you going to kneel there all day or are you going to suck my dick?" he asked, his forcefulness again sounding so weird coming from the usually meek nerd. 

I didn't say anything. 

Instead, I just reached out, unzipped him and fished out his cock. 

"That's it cock sucker," he said, as he watched me. "Nothing better than some bully jock sucking nerd cock." 

Part of me was humiliated, part of me wanted to throttle him, yet a bigger part of me wanted his big hard dick in my mouth. So I remained silent as I allowed my hunger to take control, and I leaned forward and took his dick into my mouth. 

"Oh yeah, I bet there are lots of jocks who are cock suckers," he groaned, as I began sucking. 

Again I wondered whether there were others like me. Studs who secretly sucked dick. Jocks who secretly craved cum. 

I imagined there was. 

I couldn't be the only one who revelled in the glory of cock... where the lust to suck overrode a guy's manly pride and dignity. 

I wasn't a football player kneeling in front of him. 

I wasn't a bully with his dick in my mouth. 

I was a cock sucker... nothing more, nothing less. 

I sucked his cock, slowly taking more and more of it into my mouth, enjoying being able to see his entire dick and his shaved balls... much better than the awkwardness of a hole in the wall. 

After a couple of minutes, as I was dreamily taking two-thirds of his long dick into my mouth, he ordered, "Suck on my balls, cock sucker." 

I was startled by the tone of the order, as well as the order itself. Yet I obediently slid my tongue down his pulsating shaft and to his shaved bag and sucked each of his balls into my mouth one at a time. 

This new action only added to the humiliation of being on my knees serving a nerd. 

That feeling was compounded when he began talking and belittling me. 

"I see you like playing with all types of balls," he quipped, as I moved from one ball to another. 

Somehow, the continual belittling, a clear revenge for all the bullying he'd endured in the past, was turning me on. 

"Get my dick back in your mouth, cock sucker," he ordered. "I only have a few more minutes." 

I obeyed, my cheeks burning red with humiliation, as I took his hard cock back into my mouth. 

As I bobbed, his belittling continued: 

"Oh yeah, Brian, you look so good with my dick in your mouth," 

and 

"Imagine if all the cheerleaders could see their football star with nerd dick in his mouth," 

and 

"Suck faster like a real cock slut," 

and 

"You're even better than my regular cock suckers." 

Instantly, I paused as I wondered who else sucked his cock. 

"You don't think you're my only cock sucker, do you?" he chuckled, as he pulled his cock out of my mouth. "With a dick this big I have a line of cock suckers begging to worship me and take my load." 

I wondered if I knew any of the cock suckers. 

I wondered if they were all guys. 

I wondered if any of the cheerleaders knew of his impressive package. 

I wondered if the nerd girls were like the band girls in 'American Pie', sluts underneath their boring exterior. 

Suddenly, he stood up and slid his cock back in my mouth. "Time to fuck that jock cock sucking mouth of yours." 

He grabbed my head and began fucking my face... roughly... like I had often done to some of my cum sluts. 

"Oh yeah," he grunted, as his balls bounced off my chin, as I gagged a bit on his huge dick, "you'll make a great cum bucket." 

And although I should have been mortified, his words implied he was going to use me whenever he wanted, and my already hard as hell cock jerked in my confining jeans. I wanted to be his cum bucket! 

He pulled out and asked, as my saliva hung between my lips and his cock, "Do you want to be my cum bucket?" 

Of course, I should have said no. 

Of course, I should never have come to this room in the first place. 

But, my lust for cock... my hunger for cum... controlled me... and I was beginning to realize that it controlled me absolutely. 

I murmured quietly, after a pause, "Yes." 

"Yes, what?" he asked. 

"Yes, I want to be your cum bucket," I admitted, a bit louder. 

"You'll take my load whenever I want you to?" he demanded, as he slid his cock back in my mouth for a few rough deep pumps before pulling back out. 
