 "Just take a deep breath." he suggested, pausing. Then, lifting his cupped hands to his chest, "Feel the air expand your chest, hold it for a few seconds, then slowly exhale."

I was visibly nervous, my face was flush with embarrassment, but I did as he asked. Breathing in through my nose, I slowly filled my lungs and let the air escape my mouth. Again, I repeated the process, noticing some of the tension leave my body as I did.

"It's alright, just take some time to focus, then tell me what you're concerned about." the man in the chair said. He was sitting in a dark leather chair in the corner of his office, facing me with his legs crossed, pen readying to take notes. He was recommended by a friend who had some past emotional problems and I figured it couldn't hurt to see what he had to say about my situation. Psychiatrists are professionals and know what they're doing, right?

"I...I love my girlfriend. We've been together for a few years and I'll probably ask her to marry me. But..." I paused, thinking about the weight of what I was about to say. I've never told this to anyone before. Practically shaking, I continued, "I can't stop thinking about men."

"In what way?" he asked.

"Every way!" I exclaimed. "I can't stop staring at bulges walking down the street or checking out attractive dudes at the gym. I try to picture what their dicks look like through their tight pants. How big are they? Are they thick? Cut? What do they smell like? I imagine myself on my knees, staring up at them with their cocks in my mouth. It probably doesn't help that I watch a TON of gay porn. But, when I do, I have the most intense orgasms. I've even played with my ass a little just to see what it feels like...imagining one of those guys mounting me from behind. I'm worried I'll get caught one of these days and terrified of what will happen."

"Hmm. What are you worried will happen?"

"My girlfriend will leave me, and people will think I'm gay even though I'm not...I just have these fantasies." I said to the attentive man who sat silently, not responding. "I mean, I'm not homophobic, but these are such strong feelings I don't know how to process them and it's freaking me out. I can't stop thinking about it though, I've lost all focus at work. Just to get relief, I'll go jerk off in the bathroom while watching gay porn on my phone." This time, a casual nod was all I got from him as he scribbled in his notepad. I stopped for a second, collecting my thoughts. "Do you think I should suppress these urges? I don't want to risk my relationship over some fantasy."

"It's not about what I think you should do. I'm here to help you gain control of your emotions and get to the root of your problems." He explained. "What are you hoping to get out of our time together?"

"I need to know if I should stop this altogether and focus on my relationship with my girlfriend. My friend who recommended you said she's been so much better after meeting with you. She also mentioned you sometimes use hypnosis therapy to help patients with their issues." I said. "I guess I was just hoping to find some resolution and move on with my life."

"Yes, I do sometimes use hypnosis therapy when I deem it beneficial to the patient." He replied.

"Great, so would you be able to put me under to stomp out these urges? I really don't want to turn into a fag."

"Did it ever occur to you that you have these feelings and emotions because you subconsciously desire to be gay and that by resisting it, you're only making the problem worse?" he proclaimed.

"WHAT!?" I shrieked. "You've got to be kidding me. I've never been with a guy...I mean I watch gay porn once in a while and have some fantasies, but I've never acted on them."

"Why haven't you acted on them?" he asked.

"I...I don't know." I mumbled. I did know, though. I was terrified that I would actually enjoy it. Slobbering random cocks around town, getting bred in dirty bathrooms, slipping a finger through a glory hole. I've watched enough porn and shot plenty of loads to sketchy scenes which just added to my fantasies. But actually doing it? No...I couldn't. He noticed my defeated demeanor as I slumped in my chair and stared at the floor.

"I think I can help you." He said. "Hypnosis is never perfect, but I may be able to give you some time away from your fantasies. It's not permanent, but it will be a good start to our sessions together. I'll be able to tell how well you handle it this first time and we may continue with this therapy depending on how you feel afterwards. Sound good?"

"Yes! That's perfect. I could use a rest from the constant river of cocks floating through my head." I replied, excitedly.

He smiled and nodded, sat up in his chair, and grabbed a small gold locket from a nearby side table.

"Alright, sit up straight, rest your hands on your legs and breathe normally. Watch the locket and listen closely to what I tell you. Focus." The locket started swinging and his voice deepened to an almost soothing tone. "I'm going to count down from 10. When I'm done, you'll be more in tune with your true self." My eyes started to lose focus on the locket, my eyelids slowly drooping. I was nearing a trance.

"Ten. You don't have to be a slave to your urges." He paused. The locket kept swinging, my trance deepened.

"Nine. Free yourself from your constraints." He paused again. The locket seemed to disappear, all I could hear was his entrancing voice.

"Eigh......" I blacked out.

When I came to, he was still sitting in front of me, holding the locket. I felt...different. Odd. Almost as if a weight had been lifted, emotionally speaking. Did the hypnosis actually work?

"How do you feel?" he asked.

"Uh, great actually. I feel at peace for the first time in a while. I only remember you counting down to nine though...is that normal?"

"Yes, that happens all the time. You were very receptive to the treatment. I'm glad you're feeling better, but our time is just about up here. Go home, relax, and I'll see you next week."

"Ok, thanks." I nodded and collected my stuff.

I stood up and headed out of his office, giving the receptionist a quick wave goodbye. The office was luckily only a few blocks from my apartment, so I began walking that way. Living in a big city has its perks with everything being so close. My favorite pizza joint, my local gym, and one of the best parks in town were all nearby. I made it home in no time, tossed my keys on a nearby stand and laid down on the couch to reflect on what had happened at the psychiatrist's office. Before I knew it, I was out cold.

By the time I awoke, it was already dark out. I looked over to check the time. 10 o'clock. Shit, I had just napped the whole day away. What did that doctor do to me? My girlfriend wasn't home yet, so I figured since I was up, I might as well head to the gym since I hadn't gotten my workout in that day. It was about 10:30 when I got there. I usually go earlier in the afternoon and had never really been here this late. It was great though, since there was hardly anyone working out, only two girls and one guy that I could see. It's not your typical gym setup. There usually aren't any personal trainers or workers hanging around (it's by appointment only), but instead a cleaning crew comes in every night around midnight to clean up. Every member is given a key so they can get in and are responsible for cleaning up after themselves, re-racking weights, and being courteous to other members. I've heard rumors from other members that hookups happen in the sauna and showers, but I've never seen anything myself. It's become a strong part of what drives my wild fantasies. Thankfully though, I had been temporarily cured.

I made my way in the locker room, grabbed an open locker near the showers and started changing into my workout gear. Just as I was pulling down my pants, leaving myself exposed in only my underwear, a guy I've never seen at the gym before walks out of the showers and plants himself right next to me.

"Excuse me." He said in a deep voice. I glanced over and eyed him up and down. He was at least 6'3" and jacked. His towel was straining to hold what appeared to be a large bulge and water droplets glistened off his well-toned chest and beefy arms. Drops fell from his still-damp brown hair, down his sculpted face, only slowing when they hit his shaved beard. At 5'9", I had a great view of his chest and had to look up to reach his menacing eyes.

"Uh, yea...uh sure." I stammered. My heart started racing and I could feel my cock swell instantly. Why was this happening? I thought the hypnosis had worked.

His locker was right above mine. When he opened it, it covered only his chest, leaving everything below his waist exposed. As I bent down to grab my workout shorts, he dropped his towel. I could feel precum leaking from my twitching, eager dick. He moved his towel up and down his body, soaking up the remaining water, and more importantly, jiggling his thick cock and balls right in front of me. All I could do was stare. I forgot about my shorts and just knelt there in my underwear with my cock straining against the fabric. He left his cock free from restraint, letting it flop around in my face as started putting on deodorant. I don't know what came over me, but my body started moving towards him slowly. I felt almost compelled by my subconscious, bending to it's will. My tongue anxiously extended from my gaping mouth and licked the head of his magnificent cock. Shit!

"What the fuck, dude!" he yelled.

"I'm sorry! I don't know what came over me!" I pleaded.

"What are you, gay?"

"No, I...just...I wanted to taste your cock. I'm so sorry." I apologized.

He looked down and noticed the precum leaking through my underwear. It was still rock hard.

"Ha, does my cock turn you on, freak?"

"Y-yes." I mumbled as I reached down and stroked my dick a few times, looking up into his eyes, barely visible beyond his growing cock. As he looked down at me, I could see a grin beginning to form.

"You better be good at sucking dick...my girl has been out of town for a few days and I've needed to nut so bad." He grabbed my arm and pulled me back into the showers. "On your knees."

I knelt down while he pulled the shower curtain closed. He turned and looked down at me, grabbed his thick piece of meat and slapped me in the face with it. I could feel a little precum dribble out when he massaged it and humped his balls on my chin.

"You're not the first guy to suck me off, you know? You fags always get on your knees to worship my cock." He proclaimed with a grin.

"I'm not a fag." I exclaimed with a face full of musky balls.

"Says the fag who's begging to suck my cock. Well, what are you waiting for?" He said as he pulled his cock off my face and dangled it in front of me. The slightest stream of precum oozed out of the head, slowly falling to the floor.

I bent my head down to catch the precum before it hit the floor and licked it all the way up to the tip of his cock. It was sweet, nothing like I expected. With my tongue still hanging out of my open mouth, I engulfed the first few inches of his thick meat. Slurping and sucking, he started getting more turned on and his cock grew a little more. He was so big, I couldn't take it all.

"Oh yea, use that tongue."

He started rhythmically moving his hips, pushing his cock in and out of my aching mouth. He bent back, eyes closed and gave a big sigh.

"Damn, this feels good. I've been so fucking horny...work my cock." He moaned.

I tried opening my mouth more and used different tongue patterns to give him more pleasure. I don't know where these feelings were coming from. I wanted to please him, to make him cum. I wanted him to feel better and I wanted to be the one to give it to him. I started working his cock down my throat. At first it wouldn't fit and my gag reflex was preventing me from making progress. It must have been my horniness but after a few minutes, I was able to take the first few inches down my throat. Apparently, that was all he needed.

"Fuck yea, what a good slut. Not many people can swallow my cock."

His dirty talk only turned me on even more. I started stroking my cock through the fabric of my underwear, feeling even more precum drip. He didn't seem to like that though. He quickly slapped my face.

"Don't touch your dick...focus on my cock, fag. You want my cum, don't you?"

With a mouthful of cock, I gently nodded and got back to work. He grabbed the back of my head and started pushing deeper. I could still only take a few inches though. My tongue was working overtime, swirling around his head and massaging the base of his shaft. He seemed to like it as he groaned in pleasure.

"Oh shit, keep doing that!" he ordered.

I did my best to take him deeper as he kept rhythm, pushing in and out of my sore mouth as I sucked harder, trying to get him to shoot. Strangely, I felt at peace. My mouth hurt but at that moment, I didn't want to be anywhere else in the world. On my knees in front of this big dicked stranger in a gym bathroom is exactly where I wanted to be. I started moaning and grinding my hips. I reached around and grabbed his ass cheeks to pull him in closer.

"Yeaaaa, fucking good cocksucker!"

I could feel his pace quickening and his cock started swelling, twitching in my mouth. He pulled out and started stroking.

"Shoot it on my face!" I pleaded.

"You want my cum?"

"Yes, please!"

"Open your mouth...FUUCK!"

He unloaded several streams of thick cream onto my face, covering my eyes, cheeks, and lips. He kept stroking in ecstasy as I licked my lips and tasted his cum for the first time. It was a little salty but it tasted like heaven to me. I put my mouth back on his cock and continued teasing out his delicious cum. Even more oozed out from the head, filling my mouth with its creamy texture. I was in heaven.

"Damn." He said, as he came to. "You may not think you're a fag, but you sure suck cock like one."

I smiled, pleasantly, as if I was satisfied with my performance, and started to stand up and wipe the cum from my face, but he stopped me.

"Wait. Stay kneeling and leave the cum on your face. I'll be right back."

Compelled by my subconscious, I did as he asked and got back down on my knees. He went back into the locker room and I could hear the shuffling of clothes. He hurried out and left me in silence. But, at least I had some time to reflect on what just happened. How did it come to this? I thought the hypnosis was supposed to cure me of these feelings, not compel me. Did the doctor get it wrong? What was I going to tell my girlfriend? Should I tell her? I had just sucked off some random guy and strangely loved it. What am I doing?

After a few minutes, I heard some people coming into the locker room, whispering. They stopped outside the showers for a minute, talking. Then, I heard some lockers opening and closing, followed by footsteps entering the shower. Two figures appeared outside the curtain. When it opened, I saw the guy who had just face fucked me (who was dressed), and the other guy who I noticed when I first entered. He was in a towel. The guy who's cum was coating my face spoke.

"This is my workout friend. We meet here every day and spot for each other. We've become pretty close over the past few years. Turns out, his girlfriend broke up with him last month and he hasn't gotten laid since. You can help him out, can't you, bud?"

I was speechless. I didn't know what to say. The guy in the towel stepped forward into the shower. He looked down at me with a smile.

"He was right, you are cute." He said, confidently.

He seemed a little older. The first guy was about 25 and this guy may have been closer to 40. Being in my early twenties, I had watched plenty of daddy porn and quickly fantasized about where this may be headed. The gym had been kind to him since he escaped the dad bod fate and was relatively tone, except for a small belly. He was graying in the hair slightly, but he wore it well and it made him look more mature. Reaching down, he pulled his towel off, revealing a nice 7" cock, draped between two gorgeous thighs. As I looked up at him, I noticed a more reserved, almost loving presence.

I again felt a strange compulsion to suck his cock. Something deep inside me was telling me to go for it. Telling me I needed it. Telling me that my life is incomplete without it. I leaned forward and stuck my head into his crotch, taking in his scent. I lifted my head slightly and started nuzzling his balls, licking them like a lollipop. He moaned and grabbed the back of my head, caressing my hair. I leaned back, looked up with eager eyes and took his manhood into my mouth. He let out a big sigh.

"Ahhh, I've really needed this." He moaned, leaning his head back.

"Take good care of him, fag." Ordered the first guy as he closed the shower curtain and walked out of the locker room.

"He tells me you like sucking cock and boy he wasn't lying."

I took him deeper, sucked harder, and tongue slapped his shaft. His seven inches swung heavy and made for an easy entry deep in my throat. I still gagged once in a while, but he allowed me to take my time and get used to his thick meat. Then I realized it wasn't my mouth he was after. While I sucked him off, he reached down and started massaging my hole. I've fingered myself before but this is the first time anyone's ever done it to me. It made me excited with anticipation.

"Take your underwear off." He ordered as he turned around and turned on the shower.

I tossed my underwear over the shower curtain and turned to him. He grabbed my hips and swung me around so my ass was facing the shower. Grabbing the nearby soap, he started lathering and cleaning my ass. My arms were outstretched, my hands pressed against the far wall of the shower with my ass firmly in his care. He started getting more confident. One finger slowly started working the outside of my hole, teasing it open. A few swirls around and he was fully inside me. It felt amazing! With his finger, he began tickling my prostate and I could feel more precum leak from my cock. Moaning, I leaned into it and moved my hips around.

"Does that feel good?"

"Yeesss." I grunted.

He pulled his finger out. I felt empty and I need him back inside me. Soon though, he was swirling two fingers around my hole. I did what I could to loosen up while he massaged them further and further into my aching ass. Then it was three fingers. He was getting me so worked up. Each time, massaging my prostate, causing me to leak precum all over the floor. When he felt I was ready, he shut the shower off and reached outside the shower to grab something.

"You have such a nice hole, boy. You want this cock in your ass, don't you?"

"Yes."

"Tell me you want my cock."

"I want your cock, please."

I don't know how, but he had found the lube I kept in my gym bag for when I liked to jerk off to gay porn. The first guy must have gone through it when I was in the shower kneeling with his cum on my face. What else did he find in my bag?

He squirted some lube on his dick and then dripped some into my ass and worked his fingers deep into my hole again. I bent down further, with my hands on the walls, preparing for his thick cock to enter me. Gently, he slapped his cock against my hole, making me squirm a little. Teasing my hole with the head of his cock, he'd slide in ever so slowly then pull out. My ass was hungry! I've never felt such desire before in my life. I needed his cock deep in me. Again, he pushed in, this time, a few inches more of his cock stretched my hole. He was big, but I was determined to take all of him. After a few more times, he finally pushed all the way in, balls deep. Once he was fully in, I let out a loud moan.

"You like how that cock stretches your hole?"
