 I had just gotten home from work, and slipped off my shoes when I heard a knock on the door. I found this to be strange that I had been home less than a minute—someone must have climbed the stairs behind me, and I simply had not paid attention. I was stuck in this thought, and did not move until I heard a second volley of knocks.

I walked up to the door, and checked the peephole. Standing on the other side of the door was a man I had met only once before. His name was Brad, and he had briefly talked to my sister. She had stopped talking to him because he had been too pushy with her. At the conclusion of their first date—their only date—he demanded a goodnight kiss. And my sister felt that she did not owe him anything. Brad was that type of man, and my sister was that type of woman. Brad went home that night un-kissed, and my sister had returned none of his calls.

Upon seeing Brad, I sighed, and contemplated remaining quiet, and not answering the door. Last thing I really wanted was to field one of my sister's strikeouts. There were better ways I envisioned spending my afternoon. But then, I thought, Brad had likely saw me climbing the stairs, and knew that I was at home. And knowing what I knew about him, he would likely spend an hour banging on the door. I unfastened the deadbolt, and opened the door.

Brad straightened up when he saw me. "Hi, you may not remember me, we met last week when I picked your sister up. I'm Brad."

I leaned against the doorway. I had been on my feet all day, and I ached from heel to toe. "I remember you. Ashley isn't here right now. She is picking up some extra shifts at the hospital."

Brad thought about this for a few seconds. "Hmmm. I was hoping to catch her home. I tried calling her, but no reply. I texted her this morning. Nothing. I just wanted to let her know how sorry I am about the other night. That's not who I am."

I shook my head. "I don't know what to tell you, Brad. I don't get involved in my sister's...things. It kind of works out better that way."

I could tell that Brad was not deterred by my statement. It was as though he had not heard me at all.

"It's just that I never met anyone like your sister," Brad said. "She is so smart, and attractive. She really is an awesome girl."

Brad just summed up how pretty much every man viewed my sister. Which was why my sister played no games when it came to men. She knew a thing or two about control.

"Again, Brad," I said. "I don't know what to tell you. Certainly, I cannot force her to call you. I'm sure you're a great guy, but there is nothing I can do. Is there?"

I thought that I saw something flash in his eyes. But he thought a few seconds before replying. "I thought maybe I could hang out a little while until she got home. What shift is she working?"

"She's working 2nd shift," I replied. "Not getting home anytime soon. Besides, I've had a long day and I'm thinking of turning up early. You probably only missed her by a few minutes."

Brad winced, and looked dejected. Then I saw something flash again across his eyes. "Well, what about you?"

I flinched at the question. "What about me?"

"What about you?" Brad asked again. "I've heard about you. What about it? You're alone, right?"

I stepped backward into the doorway. "Goodbye Brad."

Brad approached me, and stuck his foot in the door, keeping me from shutting the door on him. And a part of me was thankful for that. Brad was kind of cute, and his come on took me by surprise. It's not every day a man is so openly suggestive with me, and it got me thinking. A part of me was curious to see where this could go, and I now could blame it on Brad's persistence.

"Come on," he smiled. "Don't be like that. Look, I'm sorry for coming off like that. Can you at least let me come inside? I'm real thirsty. The car's A/C went out, and I had to drive twenty five miles to get here."

"You can drink your water outside," I replied, already easing my grip on the door.

"Come on," Brad said. He lifted his eyebrows, and subtly licked his lips. "I'm technically already inside. What's a little more going to hurt?"

Ashely was right; Brad was persistent as hell. I looked down at his leg already in the house. I stole a glance at his crotch, and looked him in the eye. "Well, what's in it for me?"

"Let's just say that I can make a big donation for you," Brad said.

My heart started to flutter, and I felt my temperature rise. Suddenly, I was thirsty, too.

"I know I probably shouldn't be doing this, but come on in," I said, stepping aside.

Me and Ashley always had a code. We did not share interests. But I did some mental gymnastics, and told myself that this one did not count. They only went on one date, and never even touched. And I knew that Ashley was planning on never again speaking with the guy. So, inviting the guy in for water in no way felt like the sharing of interests.

Brad walked in, and I shut the door—sliding in the deadbolt in the process. I tried to do so quietly, indiscreetly, but the deadbolt betrayed me. I was pretty sure my neighbors heard it slide home. I lifted my hand.

"The couch is right there," I said. "Why don't you have a seat while I get you your water. You said you were thirsty, right?"

"Thirsty?" Brad said. "Oh, right."

He sat down on the couch, and I disappeared in the kitchen to draw him some water. He stared at me, as I walked into the living room.

"What are you staring at?" I asked, handing him the glass of water.

Brad took a sip, and placed the glass on the coffee table. "Nothing. I just couldn't get over how much you look like your sister."

I rolled my eyes. There was no doubting my resemblance to Ashley. We could have told people we were twins, and it would pass. But for some reason, it caused a stab of jealousy being compared to her like this by him. I did not want to feel that the only reason he was sitting before me was my proximity in looks with Ashely. So, I decided to change things up, and say the most un-like Ashley thing I could think of. I wanted Brad to know he was dealing with something completely different.

"So," I said. "Where's this big donation you were talking about?"

Brad breathed in sharply. Brad grabbed his crotch, and I could see the outline of his penis through the denim of his jeans. While it definitely was not as big as advertised, it was big enough.

"You want to see it?" Brad asked.

I locked eyes with him. "I want to do me than see it. That's why you're here, right?"

Brad responded only by unfastening his belt. He slipped both his jeans on boxers down to his knees in one motion. His penis flopped out to the left—semi-erect.

I reached out, and started massaging his balls. They were large and heavy—recently shaved. Immediately, his penis started to twitch. In seconds, it started to swell.

"You like that?" I asked.

Brad nodded and grunted.

I leaned in, and wrapped my lips around his left nut. I sucked it softly into my mouth. Brad's penis throbbed, and became hard. I licked my palm, and started to stroke it. I continued to suck on his balls—alternating between left and right—and his cock started to throb with every suck. To finish, I sucked his left nut in my mouth with so much pressure that it went as far into my mouth as the back of my tongue. Brad hissed, and I released the pressure. I backed away from him.

"I want you to undress," I said. For some reason having a totally naked man before me turns me on. It did not matter that I had just had his balls in my mouth. Nakedness seemed to take things a little further for me. It felt as though it gave me more control.

With clumsy celerity, Brad took off his shirt, and tried taking off his pants, but his shoes were in the way. He had to stop and unlace them before kicking them off his feet. He slid down his pants, and stepped out of them. I took a second to admire his body. He had an athletic build, but was not entirely toned. And he was thick. Much more thicker than me. I like men to be larger than me.

"Sit back down," I said. "I want to suck your dick."

Brad collapsed onto the couch so quickly that his thighs thudded against the couch cushions. It made me feel good that he was so eager—even more so than I. I knelt before him, and wrapped my hand around his raging hardon. Now—inches from my face—it looked more of an impressive donation than before. He cock had swollen to a size I had thought not possible from my initial take. Initially, I had thought him to have been of average size. Now, he had me wondering if I had taken anything as large. I spat on the head of his penis, and started stroking him. A drop of precum oozed out from his slit. I stuck out my tongue, and licked it. I had heard of precum tasting sweet, but have never experienced it. Precum to me had always tasted a bit salty. But Brad's was sweet. I swallowed hard, and looked him in the eye. I winked, and dove down on his cock.

My first time down, I only made it halfway. I had went too far too fast. I regrouped, and spent the next minute or two bobbing on his cock slowly, and steadily, until I was able to get the whole thing in. I was a bit surprised I was able to get it in, though it hurt my throat and made my eyes water. But it all seemed worth it. I wanted to be able to say that I had that entire cock in my mouth.

Brad had started to squirm and moan, and I thought that he was close. Then he tensed up, and ceased breathing. I thought for sure he was going to cum in my mouth. I continued bobbing and sucking with vigor, until I felt his penis lose some of its rigidness. It was still quite hard, just not as rigid as before. I looked up, and his body was turning red, and he was starting to sweat. When I pulled off his cock, my lips made a loud popping sound.

"Brad," I said. "Try, and relax. Let me do all the work here. All I want you to do is sit there and breathe. When you want to go, just shoot. I'll take care of the rest. Just relax, and get your dick sucked."

Brad nodded, and fell back into the couch.

I stroked his cock a few times, and it started to regain it's hardness. "See? This thing sure likes me. Why don't you show me how much it likes me, and let it spit in my mouth?"

I wrapped my lips around the head of his cock, and sucked hard. Brad moaned loudly. This only encouraged me. I love hearing a man groan in pleasure—especially since I was the one doing it. I started sucking him at a slow and steady rate. Soon, my mouth was filled with the taste of his sweet precum. I bobbed down on him—about three-quarters of the way down, and I felt him tense up again. I did not want him to plateau out on me, so I pulled off his cock. I started stroking him rapidly, with my tongue under the head of his cock. More and more precum leaking into my mouth, and I by then I already swallowed more of his precum than other men who have cum in my mouth. And yet again, Brad stopped breathing, and I could feel his cock lose his rigidity.

"Sorry," he said. "It's just that I have a hard time cumming from blow jobs."

I wrapped my lips around his cock again, and sucked. I pulled back off. "So, what are you trying to say? That you want to fuck?"

Brad nodded. "I need to fuck this load out of me. Come on, baby. Let me fuck that ass of yours. You've already taken things this far."

I lifted his cock, and started sucking his balls. I needed some time to think. I had not yet considered fucking Brad, nor felt prepared to do so. This type of cock needed some prep work. Up until this very moment, I thought that he was going to blow his load in my mouth, and leave. I had not even thought about fucking him. But the more I thought about it, the more I grew like the idea. I looked up at Brad, and thought that he was kind of cute, so I thought what the hell. I stood up.

"Hang on for a second, while I get ready," I said. "I'll be right out."

I did not want to keep Brad waiting long. I went to my restroom, and got out a tube of KY jelly. I rubbed a some on my ass. I squirted some in my middle finger and stuck it in. I did this for a few seconds, and felt about as ready as I would be. Back in my room, I got totally undressed, and found a long, tight fitting shirt in my closet. I liked wearing this shirt with nothing but underwear or naked, because it made me feel as though I was wearing a mini-skirt. I put the long shirt on, and walked out to the living room. I handed Brad the tube of KY.

Brad ran a stream of KY along the length of his cock, and sighed. "Damn, you're looking hot right now."

I turned my back on him, and grinded my ass into his cock. "Go ahead, and slide that thing in. And don't cum in me. I want to take it in the mouth. Get to where you're close, and I'll take care of the rest."

Brad nodded, and angled his cock toward my ass. It slid in balls-deep surprisingly easily. There was only a moment of pain, but mostly surprise.

"Mmmm baby," he said, sliding out a couple inches, and sliding back in. "Your ass is so tight."

"Your cock feels huge," I said, grinding into him. "Fuck me with that thing."

Brad slowly started fucking me, both of us standing—me slightly bent to allow him penetration. I chose this position because I knew it was one of the easiest to maneuver out of.

"Come on," I said, already starting to pant. "Show me why you came over today. You wanted to fuck. That's why you came over."

Brad pulled out of me, and slammed back into me.

"You wanted to drop your load," I said. "Didn't you?"

Brad picked up the pace, and I could hear his thighs slapping against my ass.

"Come on, I want you to drop your load in my mouth," I said, looking over my shoulder at him, and licking my lips.

Brad smiled and nodded. "Baby get ready, here it comes."

I slid off Brad, spun around, and knelt in front of him. I started stroking him, again with my tongue under the head.

"Just like that, baby," Brad said. "Jack me off in your pretty little mouth."

I continued to stroke him, and a huge shot of cum landed on my tongue. Brad started jerking his hips, and another shot hit the roof of my mouth. A third shot hit me in the cheek. Not wanting to waste another shot, I wrapped my mouth around the head of his cock and continued stroking. I felt his cock spasm another five times before Brad stopped bucking his hips I looked at him with wide eyes. This was by far the largest load I had taken in the mouth. I opened my mouth to show him his cum. I then closed my mouth, and swallowed hard. I then opened my mouth to show him it was all gone.

"That was nice," Brad said, voice shaking.

I sat back, and watched him dress. "You think I can come back sometime?"

Before he zipped up, I leaned forward, and deepthroated his now semi-hard cock. I pulled back and looked up at him. "Does that answer your question."

Brad nodded, and slipped his shirt over his head. He slipped his shoes and socks back on. "Can I have your number?"

I told brad my number, and watched him program it in his phone. Watching Brad leave, I hoped he would be as persistent with me as he had been with Ashely. I wanted all the attention I could get.