 It worked! I didn't really believe it would. But it did. Wow!

Craig was teasing me about my relationship with Rachel. I think he was just envious because he hadn't had a date in years, much less a steady girlfriend. But he was razzing me over the lack of progress I'd made with Rachel in the sex department. And I couldn't deny that it frustrated me. Rachel and I would kiss and grope. She finally let me bring her to an orgasm with my fingers and, then, with my tongue. Once she got on to that, she more than let me; sometimes she almost forced me. She loved it.

But things were decidedly one--way. A couple of times, she'd fondled my cock, but only for a few strokes--never long enough to get me off. And her lips hadn't ever been within a foot of my cock. I'd hinted, both with words and gestures. There could be no doubt that she was aware of what I wanted. But she seemed to have no intention of satisfying my desire.

Craig knew all of this, of course. He knew everything about me. He's a good friend and drinking buddy. And it was on one of these nights of drinking, first at a bar and then back at Craig's place, that the teasing was at its peak.

I finally told Craig to knock it off and he knew that I was serious. And, then, he got serious, too.

"I know how you can get Rachel to jerk you off, or suck your dick or do whatever you want her to do."

He had my attention. When he went on, though, I was pretty disappointed. What he was suggesting was using hypnosis!

"Yeah, where did you get that idea? From the back of some sex magazine you were beating off to?"

"Say what you want, Mike, but it works. I know it can be done." Then he paused, maybe thinking better of what he was claiming. "I mean, I guess not everyone can be hypnotized so I don't know about Rachel. But a lot of people can be hypnotized. And, if you can hypnotize someone, you can get them to do practically whatever you want."

"So, genius, how do you know all of this?"

Craig told me that he'd been hypnotized as part of a magician's act years ago. He'd seen a tape of the show and, so, knew how he'd embarrassed himself at the magician's command and didn't recall any of it when he'd been brought out of the trance. That got him interested in hypnosis and he'd studied up on it and tried it out.

"How come I didn't ever know this about you?"

"It was years ago and I haven't really done anything with hypnosis for years. But I'll bet I could hypnotize you now."

"I don't think I could be hypnotized," I said, but I wasn't sure why I thought that.

"Neither did I when the magician called me up."

"Okay, buddy, have at it. Do you need a pocket watch to swing in front of my face?"

"No--just something for you to focus your attention on. I can use this candle." And he lit the candle and placed it on the coffee table in front of the chair I was sitting in.

"Now, I'm going to ask you to focus your attention on the candle and you have to try to follow my suggestion. Just relax and focus on the candle. Forget about everything else." He went on in this vein with the "relax, you're getting sleepy" type of stuff for quite a while. And, the truth was that I was getting very relaxed. I think I was close to drifting off to sleep. But I guess I wasn't going into a hypnotic trance. After about ten or fifteen minutes of this, Craig gave up. It was difficult for him to admit defeat.

"I guess you're just not easily hypnotizable."

"Or, maybe," I suggested, "all of this hypnosis stuff is bunk."

"It's not. Trust me." Craig was earnest, but I was still skeptical and made no attempt to hide it.

"Okay," Craig said, "you can hypnotize me."

"I don't know what to do," I replied.

"It's easy. Just do what I did to you and it will work. I know I can be hypnotized." Craig looked at me for a while and then urged me, "Go ahead. Try it."

So I did. Craig sat in the chair and stared at the candle. I talked to him in the soothing way he'd talked to me. And, as I did, I could see him go under. It wasn't like he fell asleep--at least not like a normal sleep. He was out, but I could talk to him and he'd respond. His response was slow and completely passive. He didn't initiate any talk; he simply responded to what I asked.

He could have been faking, though. In fact, when that thought occurred to me, I realized that this was just the sort of thing that he might do, and then laugh about for months later. So, I had to be sure he wasn't just putting me on. And, of course, one way to do that was to give him suggestions to do embarrassing things. So, I did that.

I had him up on the coffee table flapping his arms and clucking like a chicken. Trite, but not a bad start, I thought. Then I had him get down on his hands and knees and crawl over to his dog's food bowl and eat some of the kibble in it. I was pretty sure, then, that this was no joke on his part. I mean ... it won't hurt him to eat dog food, but he wouldn't do it just for a joke on me.

"Just one last thing," I thought. I got him to stand on the coffee table again and this time I had him drop his pants and underwear. I had him pull his shirt up and show off his cock and balls by putting his hand under them and pushing them forward to display them. Then I ordered him to turn around, bend down, and pull his ass cheeks apart. He was exposing himself completely to his best friend who was standing, fully clothed, just a few feet away. This wasn't something he would go along with for a joke.

His response to all of this was kind of slow and a bit listless, but he did everything I asked him to do. And I'm pretty sure I refuted the "you can't make anyone do anything under hypnosis that they would object to doing" theory.

And then it dawned on me. I'm not sure why it took me so long to think of this. Maybe it was in the back of my mind from the beginning but, if it was, I didn't realize it until just then. Why was I doing this? What was I practicing for? I was trying to see if hypnosis could get Rachel to suck my dick. What better way to determine that than to test it out with Craig. He'd already eaten dog food and exposed himself to me. I was pretty sure he was completely under my control. So, why not test that out and benefit from the test at the same time. It had been so long since I'd had sexual release from any source but my hand.

"Get down off the table," I commanded. Craig's pants and underpants were still around his ankles and, so, this proved to be very difficult for Craig. It probably would have been difficult even if he weren't in sort of a daze. So, I told him to pull up his underpants and pants. When he'd done this, I had him get down off the table.

"Walk towards me." And he did.

"Get down on your knees." And he did.

"Now unzip my pants and take out my cock." And, Jesus Christ, he began doing that, too. Shit! This was going to be great.

Craig had a little trouble getting my cock out of my pants because I was already beginning to harden. I helped him a little. It seemed like the least I could do for a friend who was about to suck my cock.

"Now lick the underside of my cock like it's the sweetest lollipop you've ever tasted." I didn't know where the "sweetest lollipop you've ever tasted" came from, but it worked. Craig's tongue was out and running along the underside of my cock, which was quickly at full mast.

"Take my cock in your mouth and suck it; work your lips up and down my shaft."

Oh, my God! Did that feel sweet! I wouldn't say he was doing it with the most gusto I could imagine. There was, I had discovered, a sort of passive and mechanical way in which he did everything I ordered. And I didn't think that a "do it with gusto" command would work. But I didn't care. I was getting my cock sucked and it felt terrific.

Suddenly I wondered whether a shot of cum in Craig's mouth would break the hypnotic trance. I hadn't thought about this until at just that moment. Of course, when I thought about having Craig suck my dick, I meant to completion. What guy is thinking of anything less when he thinks of a blowjob? But now I worried about it. Just for a few seconds, though. When sexual urgency is building, as it most definitely was now, a guy will risk a lot. I was going to now. If Craig came out of the trance with my cock spewing cum in his mouth, that might be the end of the friendship. But I was willing to risk that right now.

And spew I did! I had one of the most intense orgasms of my life. I think I shot six or seven times in Craig's mouth. With each jet, I screamed, "Swallow!"

My cock slipped from his lips and I collapsed into the chair. For a few moments, I didn't think of anything but the incredible feeling of bliss I was enjoying. When I opened my eyes and forced myself to focus on what was going on, I realized that Craig was still on his knees. He'd obviously followed my commands to swallow my cum because there wasn't a trace of it to be seen.

I told Craig to get back up and sit in the other chair. When he had, I told him to drink the rest of his beer. I didn't want him coming around with the taste of cum in his mouth. Craig drank his beer, about half a bottle, in just a few swallows. I looked around to see if there was anything I needed to do before I brought him out of his trance. There wasn't.

"Craig, now listen to me," I began, as if I knew what I was doing. "When I count to ten, you will wake up completely. When you wake up you won't remember anything that happened since you went to sleep but you will feel rested and refreshed. In fact you'll feel wonderful. You'll realize that time has passed and that you were hypnotized, but you won't remember anything about what you did while you were hypnotized." And, then, on a whim, I added, "And, since you will feel so good when you awake, you will be willing for me to hypnotize you anytime we're alone together in the future. Do you understand?"

Craig muttered a 'yes' and I began my count. When I hit 'ten', Craig awoke with a start. He looked disoriented for a second but then he smiled and said, "You did it. Didn't you? You had me hypnotized. Right?"

I told him that it seemed to me that he was hypnotized. I prodded him to see if he remembered anything but he said he couldn't remember a thing between the time I was telling him to concentrate on the candle and when I said 'ten'. He asked me what had happened while he was hypnotized and I told him some of it.

"Dog food! You made me eat dog food! You shit!" But he seemed to be feeling so good that even this was said in a light--hearted manner. "That'd better be the worst of it," Craig said. "Was it?"

"Of course," I replied. "Isn't that bad enough? Do you want me to do it again and think of something worse?"

So, that's how it worked. Like I said, I didn't believe it would. But it did. And it was wonderful.

===========================================

It worked! I didn't really believe it would. But it did. Wow!

I'd been planning this in some form for quite a while now. There were different ways that it could have worked (and many ways that it would have failed, I guess). But when Mike began complaining about Rachel not putting out sufficiently, I thought I saw my opening. I teased him about it until he wanted me to knock it off and then I offered a helpful suggestion: hypnosis.

I did know a little about hypnosis and I had, in fact, been hypnotized and hypnotized others. I had no idea whether Mike or Rachel could be hypnotized. But my plan didn't absolutely require that any of us to be hypnotizable. It only required Mike to believe that there was a chance Rachel could be hypnotized and that he believe that he had, in fact, hypnotized me. I'm a pretty good actor, so I thought my plan might work. And it did.

If it turned out that I could hypnotize Mike, my plan was certain to work. That's why I was delighted when I saw how easily he went into a hypnotic trance at my suggestion. I only had him under for a few minutes. That's all the time I needed to give the post--hypnotic suggestions I wanted to give. When I woke Mike and he thought he hadn't been under, I knew the battle was won.

Mike would certainly agree to try to hypnotize me. I'd "suggested" that to him. He would find my behavior completely consistent with my being in a trance and totally under his control. I "suggested" that he test me by having me do some embarrassing things. (I didn't suggest the dog food thing, though. That was completely the creation of Mike's warped subconscious. And the dropping my pants and showing off my cock and ass was Mike's contribution, too.)

The final test Mike put me to was, though, completely scripted, from the "lick the underside of my cock like it's the sweetest lollipop you've ever tasted" to the repeated commands to swallow.

Though I knew I could be hypnotized, I also knew that I could keep myself from being hypnotized. It was quite easy to feign falling into a trance. The "chicken dance" thing was actually my suggestion as an example of an embarrassing thing he could command me to do. That was fine. Maybe I should have given him a complete list of the embarrassing things he could demand, but I left it up to his imagination to think of other things.

When Mike ordered me to crawl over to my dog's bowl and eat some of the food, I was surprised and a little disgusted. Fortunately, at that point, I was on my knees and he didn't have a clear view of my face. If he had, he might have caught a momentary grimace that would have given me away. But, I controlled it and followed his orders. I had a plan and I wouldn't see it ruined over some minor squeamishness about eating dog food.

Exposing myself to Mike at his command was actually easier. I kind of enjoyed it, really. It was interesting to see him look at me when he thought I couldn't process what he was doing or react to it. I think if it had gone on much longer, I might have gotten a hardon--and that, too, might have ruined my act.

But, then he got to the main event. When he ordered me to get on my knees, my heart was pounding. Finally, I was going to get what I'd craved and fantasized about for so long. I had trouble getting his cock out because he was already a bit hard. I had mixed feelings about this. On the one hand, he was excited about the prospect of me sucking his cock. That was good. On the other hand, it meant that I wouldn't have the sensation of taking him from a "standing start." When I'd fantasized about this, it had always involved me taking Mike's cock in my mouth when it was completely soft and bringing him up to full mast with my lips.

No worries, though. This was going to be great!

I had a hard time maintaining the sort of dazed, passive expression that was convincing Mike I was in a trance. I had to concentrate, at first, on separating my emotions from my expressions and behavior. When I held up his hardening cock and brought my tongue to its sensitive underside to "lick it like it was the sweetest lollipop I'd ever tasted" I inhaled his slightly musky scent. If there's a smell in heaven, it must be like that. I inhaled deeply, but slowly. And I managed not to smile or sigh with pleasure.

When the tip of my tongue made contact with his veined shaft, I felt him quiver, but I was sure that I was getting at least as much pleasure from it as Mike was. It's extremely exciting to make a guy twitch and shiver with pleasure by just barely touching his sweet cock with the tip of your tongue.

And, when I finally slipped his hard cock past my lips and felt it fill my mouth all the way to my throat, I almost moaned with pleasure. I've had great blow jobs; I know what pleasure lips can cause a cock. But I also knew what pleasure a cock could cause my lips and tongue. And that's what I was concentrating on now.

This was very enjoyable but it all moved to a new level when I felt Mike's orgasm building. It took a while, and I was thankful for that. I wanted to enjoy the run up to his orgasm. I felt his movements become more urgent and heard his breathing get ragged. I continued to suck him, bouncing my head up and down to work his cock. I pressed especially hard with my tongue on the underside of his cock, knowing this would excite him even more.

Then, his hips thrust up and his cock was buried to the hilt in my mouth. And he started to spew. Not just one or two shots. He spewed over and over again, screaming out for me swallow. Of course, I was going to swallow anyway. That was a crucial part of the experience. But it was nice to hear him command me to swallow his semen.

I swallowed again and again. It was thick and salty. I've read stories where guys said things like, "it wasn't as bad as I'd expected." I don't know what they're talking about. It wasn't bad at all. It was great. It was hot and creamy. I swallowed it and I could still taste it in my mouth. Thank God! It was wonderful.

I had a little time to savor the flavor. Mike was so consumed in his post--orgasmic reverie that I could just concentrate on the lingering taste in my mouth. But, after a few minutes, he ordered me into my chair and had me drink the rest of my beer. I was sorry to lose the taste of Mike's cum, but I beer tasted good, too. And, it's not like I could refuse. I was, after all, completely under Mike's control.

After Mike "brought me out," I played dumb about what had happened, of course. I pressed Mike to tell me about what he'd made me do. It was kind of fun to watch him fess up to the dog food thing, knowing that he'd done something he thought was much worse for me. But, of course, he couldn't have been more wrong about that. It was one of the best experiences of my life. 

So, that's how it worked. Like I said, I didn't believe it would. But it did. And it was wonderful.

========================================

I never got around to trying to hypnotize Rachel. Our relationship kind of cooled and then just faded away completely. But, Craig and I were spending more time than ever together. He was always up for being hypnotized--he said he always felt great after one of our sessions. And, I was always up for these sessions, too (pun intended, of course). I was getting my cock sucked as much as I wanted and I'd even started fucking his ass sometimes.

It hadn't taken me long to figure out that Craig wasn't really being hypnotized. I wonder whether I should let him know that I know he's faking it. It could make things simpler, but it could fuck things up, too. Maybe he likes the plausible deniability he thinks he has by making me think he doesn't want to do this. If he couldn't deal with it without the deception, this could all come to an end. Even if he's okay doing this stuff without the cover story, it could still change things. Maybe he would want me to reciprocate. I don't know how I feel about that. But, if I decide I want to try sucking his dick, I can always do that under the present scheme. So, really, there's no need to mess with the situation. It's all good.

=======================================

Mike and Rachel broke up--well, really, they just sort of quit seeing each other. I don't know whether or not that was because Mike was getting all the head he needed from me. In any case, I was getting what I wanted. At some point, I know that Mike figured out that I wasn't really hypnotized during our sessions. Not sure what clued me in but, unlike me, he's not a great actor. I could tell that he knew my trances were faked. But he never said anything. Probably afraid it would "queer the deal" (if you'll pardon the expression). I decided not to say anything, either. It might make things strange between us. Now, when we're not doing our "hypnosis" thing, we interact just like regular buddies--no hint of a sexual relationship. I like it that way. I'm not into a gay lovers' relationship. I just want to suck his cock and, now that he's turned me on to it, get fucked up the ass.
