 Okay, so it wasn't exactly what my wife had in mind when she bought me a membership at a local gym for Christmas. At forty, I wasn't exactly out of shape but after a few years of sitting at a desk all day and staring at a computer screen, the muscle tone on my 6'-2" body had pretty much gone to hell. So, in no small part because it was a gift from her, I trudged obligingly off to the gym every night after work.

While I never did quite understand the benefit and allure of sweating and gasping like a dying man while subjecting myself to a stair-stepper or treadmill, I did fully appreciate the sight of so many of the tight young female bodies that seemed to frequent the place at that time of day. But what shocked me even more was my reaction to being in a men's locker room for the first time since high school. While I had never been attracted to other guys, I found myself lingering longer and longer in the shower room, covertly sneaking peeks of guys soaping up there firm bodies and cocks.

At first, I told myself it was just a guy thing – comparing my own body and equipment to everyone else's. But then, during the day, I found myself thinking more and more about some dangling young cock I'd seen during the past week, a thought that both shocked me and gave me a hard-on at the same time. I finally justified it by telling myself that I'd never really do anything with another guy, that with sex at home becoming more and more infrequent due to the long work days we both had, it was just an image to stimulate myself with while I jerked off at home when my wife was gone.

So it was on a Friday night that I found myself standing in the locker room shower, pretending to let the hot water soothe my muscles, eyes half-closed, but watching a 20-something guy standing under a shower head on the opposite wall, slowly lathering his cock and ass. It took my breath away. Soft, his cock hung down a good six or seven inches, and was as thick as any I'd seen in person over the past six months. His dick slithered between his fingers as he soaped his crotch, and his cock grew a bit stiffer. I stood there, hot water pouring down my back, eyes partially closed, and wondering what it would be like to be kneeling in front of him as he fucked his meat into my mouth.

"Hey! What are you looking at, faggot?"

My eyes snapped open wide and my heart began pounding, and I suddenly realized that my own six-inch cock was now semi-hard from my daydream.

"Uh, me? I...uh...nothing...I mean...what are you talking about?"

"You know damn well what I'm talking about you little queer! You've been eyeing my cock ever since I stepped in here."

"No, I...you've got it all wrong...I'm just showering...you know, the hot water feels so good," I babbled, grateful that we were the only two people in the shower room at the time.

"Bullshit!" he spat out as he walked toward me. "I ever catch you staring at me or anyone else in here again, I'll personally kick your ass, you hear me?" he asked, poking a finger in my chest.

My hard-on had shriveled, and for a moment I thought he was going to hit me. And at about six feet and a 175 pounds of solid muscle, I figured it was going to hurt. But instead of hitting me, he angrily spit on my foot and stormed out of the shower. "Fucking dick-lover! They ought to throw your ass out of the club."

My heart was still pounding. What the hell had I been thinking? A forty year old man acting like an idiot, and caught in the act. I stood alone in the shower for another ten minutes, my toes and fingers starting to shrivel, when I finally got the nerve to slowly venture back into the locker-room area. Fortunately, he was gone. I quickly dressed, vowing that this was the last time I'd be showing my face in this gym, and wondering what I'd do with myself every night until my membership ran out and I could just go home after work. After quickly toweling myself off and dressing, I quickly cleaned out my small locker and headed toward the front door, thinking irrationally that every eye in the place was on me as I finally reached the exit and headed out to the safety of the parking lot. Or so I thought.

"Hey, faggot!" he yelled as he stepped out from the shadows where he'd been waiting for me. People walking across the parking lot toward the gym stopped to see who had shouted and who was the target of his ire. My heart came into my throat as people stared, and I prayed there wasn't anyone around who actually knew me.

"Yeah, you," he said loudly as he strode toward me. "You a full-blown queer? You get off watching cock in the shower room?"

"Look," I replied hastily, scanning the parking lot again, "this is just a misunderstanding. I was just taking a—"

"Misunderstanding my ass. I saw you watching me. You like the show, huh? Like a little cock on the side? Does your wife know?" he asked, spotting my wedding ring.

"I'm not... Please, not so loud, this is just a misunderstanding, I wasn't staring at you."

"What's the matter? You don't like admitting you're a fag?"

"No, I'm not. I'm married, I've got a son in high school, I don't—"

"Oh, that's great," he bellowed. "Your kid know you like to suck dick?"

More people stared as they heard his question. I turned an even deeper shade of crimson.

"Please, could you keep your voice down? People are staring, and it's not what you think. Can we go somewhere private, I can explain."

He eyed me for a minute. "Fucking fag. Yeah, I guess so, my car's right over there. I can't wait to here this limp-wrist excuse."

He led me toward a car parked nearby, and I crawled into the passenger seat, relieved that we didn't have to continue the conversation within the earshot of the other people entering and leaving the gym. He crawled into the passenger seat, his short gym shorts riding high up on his legs as he plopped into the seat.

"Okay, talk. You got two minutes."

"I was just taking a shower, you've got this all wrong. I pulled a muscle during my workout, and I thought standing there for a while in the hot water would help."

"That's a fat lie."

"No, really, it's the truth. I bent down to pick up one of the free weights, and the next thing I knew, something just popped. I guess it must be old age," I nervously kidded, hoping it would break the tension. "It's happened before, and the heat usually takes it away, so I thought—"

"I don't blame you."

"You don't...what?"

"I can't actually blame you for looking," he repeated, his voice softening somewhat. "I do have a nice cock."

"I...it...no, you're not listening, I'm not—" 

And it was then that I suddenly realized that he was fingering his cock through his shorts. As I stared down in horror toward his lap, I could see the head of his thickening meat peaking out from the bottom of his shorts, until a fill two inches of cock was exposed.

"I knew it."

My eyes snapped back up as I suddenly realized that I'd been caught for the second time that evening staring at his cock.

"I see you looking at it. Don't worry, nobody can see us, and nobody'll ever know. Look, it's getting harder and harder for you."

I tried not to look, but I couldn't resist staring at the monster growing in front of me.

"You want to touch it?"

"No, no I'm not—"

"It's okay, really. You know you want to feel it. Just once, go ahead."

"No, no really—"

"Mmm, it's really getting hard now."

He caught me dropping my eyes instinctively into his lap. Three inches of fat cock now stood out as it slithered down the leg of his shorts, growing harder every second.

"C'mon, just a quick feel."

"I can't."

"Sure you can, no one will know. Just touch it once, feel how thick it is."

To this day, I don't know what came over me. I slowly reached my hand across his lap, no longer thinking about my wife or my son or what I was about to do. I just reached into his lap and curled my fingers around his thick cock, marveling at the size and heat it emanated. He lifted his ass off the seat and re-adjusted his shorts, allowing his dick to be fully exposed and standing at attention. My fingers slowly began to slide up and down his 8" pole. He groaned.

"Oh yeah, that feels good! You like that? I knew you would. Look at that, you're jerking me off. You ever do this before?"

"No, never," I replied honestly, swallowing hard.

"Oooh, that feels so good. Squeeze it a little harder while you jerk it. Oh yeah, like that," he moaned. "Hey, you want to kiss it? Just once though, I guess that'd be all right."

For the second time that night, we went through the routine...me saying I couldn't, him saying that it would be okay, me saying I wasn't like that, him responding that no one would know. The conclusion though was inevitable. I'd like to be able to say I resisted the hand on the back of my head, tugging me slowly toward his stiff pole. I'd like to say I came to my senses and leaped from his car. But I didn't. And when my head reached the tip of his cock, when I could smell my first scent of cock, I just opened my mouth and he slid the head inside.

"Oh, fuck!, he gasped, his hands on the back of my head. "That feels so fucking good. Take more in, you're terrific." His fingers slide around my head, feeling my lips, stretched widely around his cock. "Oh man, you are so good. You sure you never did this before?"

I groaned my denial around the cock stuffed in my mouth. The more he talked and complimented me, the more I wanted to please him. Another inch of shiny wet cock slid into my mouth.

"Oh yeah, that's it! Let me fuck it in and out of your mouth. Oh man, what a fucking cocksucker you are."

And there it was. For the first time in my life, I was actually sucking another man's cock. A cocksucker. A real cocksucker. I took another inch into my stuffed mouth and gagged as it hit the back of my throat. He laughed from above me.

"That's it fag, eat that cock, gag on it! Bob your head on it, like that, up and down, up and down. What a fucking cocksucker, you are sooooo good."

For the next five minutes, I licked and sucked his cock, stroking the base of his dick up and down with one hand, while my other hand scratched lightly across his big swollen balls. He kept up a running conversation, calling my fag and whore, all the while fucking my face with his thick meat. His breathing was growing faster, and more shallow, and I suddenly realized what was going to happen. I jerked my head off his cock and gasped.

"Please, you can't cum in my mouth. Tell me when you're gonna cum and I'll jerk you off. I promise!"

"You better, you little dick lover," he gasped. "If you let me hang..."

"No, no I won't, I promise. Just tell me when."

He responded by taking the back of my head and forcing my mouth down deep over his throbbing meat. His hips thrust up harder and faster now, gagging me every time the head of his cock tried to force it's way into my throat

"That's it cocksucker! Deeper! Faster! My fucking balls have a nice big load of cum for you! Eat me, suck it, eat that big fat cock, you cocksucker. I'm gonna fucking cum any second!"

And then it happened. His thick piece of meat suddenly grew even harder and fatter, stretching my swollen lips even wider around it. His fingers wrapped into the hair on the back of my head, and he suddenly stopped moving, holding my head down on his cock. For a second, I struggled to pull off, but to no avail, and then my mouth was being flooded with wave after wave of hot cum spurting from the head of his cock, choking me, squirting into my throat, my mouth filled, and cum seeping from my around my lips! I can't honestly say that his cum tasted sweet or salty, or that I was repulsed or turned on by the act. I just instinctively began to swallow as quickly as I could, trying desperately not to choke to death. He was shouting as his balls emptied their thick load into my mouth and belly. And then he collapsed back down into his seat.

"Oh god, oh fucking shit, that was one great blowjob. You really are a Class-A cocksucker faggot. You like eating my cum, don't you? You love that thick load in your mouth and down your throat and in your belly," he said, not waiting for or expecting any kind of a response. He held my head in place, his cock softening in my mouth. Finally, he pulled my head off his cock, my lips swollen, cum running down my face and somehow smeared in my hair.

I sat up, and before I could say anything, my eyes focused in the darkness and my heart sank. Two teenage girls, were standing at the open car window watching the show. They had pulled into the lot and were walking toward the gym when he'd apparently spotted them and waved them over to witness the blowjob I'd been giving him. I panicked as they laughed hysterically now.

"Great blowjob, mister. Gee, Steve, I'm jealous, he sucks cock better than we do. And he swallows too!"

All three started laughing at me at the same time.

"Yeah, the faggot does know how to suck a mean cock. Get the fuck out of my car now. You got what you needed, didn't you? A nice hot load of dick juice!"

"Oh my god, " I sputtered, "please, I don't know what came over me. I've never...it isn't what you—"

"Get the fuck out, I said!"

I scrambled out of his car, wiping cum from my face as I tried to melt into the darkness and avoid catching the eye of any other gym goers.

"Hey, cock whore!" he shouted after me. "I'll see you around."

And he would.