 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*

"Did you say you're falling in love with me?"

He looked like a deer caught in headlights when I asked him that question. Finally, after a few seconds that felt like hours, he managed to stammer out, "Ye ye yeah. I I I didn't mean it, just forget I said anything. Love? It's way too early for that kind of talk. Hell, I haven't even known you a full day yet."

"Oh, too bad you feel that way; because I was going to tell you I think I'm doing that too. Guess crazy runs in the family." That got a good laugh from both of us. Once the laughter died, we both sat there in silence, expecting the other to say or do something first. 

Eventually, my curiosity got to me and I needed to know. "How much did your parents tell you about me?"

He winced slightly at my question and took a few moments to consider his response. "Well, I knew I had an Uncle Jason who lived somewhere near Grammy and Pop-Pop. I knew you were younger than my dad. I was never told what caused y'all to stop speaking. Your name was never brought up around Mom. If she heard it, she would get pissed and who knows what would happen.

"A few years ago, I asked my dad about you. He didn't really say much. He seemed sad, though. He did tell me to never let anyone or anything come between Layla and me. He said he wishes he could go back and at least call you. I asked him why doesn't try now, well then, you know what I mean. He just shook his head and said he couldn't. I think he thinks too much time has passed since then and it's too late to do anything about it."

"You know that's the same excuse I tell myself. At first, I wasn't going to even try to talk to either of them until I got an apology. Now I wonder if I was just being petty."

"If what you told me my mom said is true, then no you weren't. You still aren't. She owes you an apology; so does my dad for not saying or doing anything. Hell, I think Grammy and Pop-Pop owe one too. I can't believe you've spent that past twenty Christmases alone." As he said that last part, he grabbed my hand and entwined our fingers. 

I lifted our hands to my mouth and kissed the back of his. "Thank you for saying that. It's the first time anyone in the family has apologized for that. Honestly, I always felt abandoned on Christmas Day. 

"So, I need to ask, this isn't weird for you? Knowing I'm your uncle and sitting here naked?"

"Why? Is it weird for you, knowing I'm your nephew?"

"Honestly, no. I mean I just met you last night for the first time. Maybe if I had seen you growing up and knew you your whole life, it would be a little weird. But, the fact we're related doesn't matter to me. I can understand why it could be bad if either of us were female, but since neither of us can get pregnant, there's no risk of a child being born with defects."

"That's how I think about too. I don't see anything wrong with two consenting adults doing what they want. We're not hurting anyone. Still, I don't think we should tell my parents or Grammy and Pop-Pop about us. I don't think they would like that too much."

"I agree. And if you meet any of my friends, we'll leave out the nephew part."

"The only one we might have to tell is Layla. She's going to figure out that I'm seeing someone and when she meets you, she'll have to know the truth. Especially if you and Dad ever start talking again."

"Well, I'm going to have to call your dad sooner rather than later. I've been putting it off for a couple of weeks, but your grandparents fiftieth wedding anniversary is in a few months and I know they're expecting a party and they're expecting your parents and me to be there. I'm going to have to paste on a fake smile and act like I can actually tolerate being in the same room as your mother.

"So, do you really think Layla won't care about you sleeping with your uncle?"

"I honestly don't know if she'll have a problem with it or not. She knows who I lost my virginity to and that never seemed to bother her."

"Huh? Who did you lose your virginity to?"

He started to blush and looked away from me. "My cousin, Jamie. He's Mom's brother's oldest son. He was a senior my freshman year of high school. He was one of the popular kids in our high school. One day, after classes, we were hanging out at his place. He suddenly asked me out of nowhere if I was gay. I told him I wasn't sure and asked why. He told me he was horny and wanted to know if I could help him. Well, he didn't fuck me that day. We only gave each other head. He's the one who taught me how to suck cock. We did that almost every day after school since neither of his parents got home till well after dark. It didn't take long until he talked me into letting him fuck me. It was obvious he was experienced, because he took time to loosen me up. He then slowly entered me and allowed me to get used to him. Once I gave him the go ahead, he fucked me six ways to Sunday and I enjoyed it. Again, this went on until the night of his graduation party. 

"I had it in my mind that we were together. I thought he felt the same about me. Well, Layla and I went to his graduation party. When we got there, he told us hi and gave us both a hug. Mine was more like a bro-side-arm hug than anything. After Layla told him congratulations on graduating, he walked off without a word. It hurt my feelings a lot, but I decided to let it slide since it was his party and he was expected to make the rounds and be sociable. A few hours later, I decided to go looking for him. I noticed him walking upstairs, so I decided to follow him and surprise him. When I got upstairs, I noticed his bedroom door was closed. I walked over to the door and could hear music playing. Without knocking, I opened the door. Unfortunately, I was the one who was surprised. 

"He was in the room with his best friend. His best friend was on his knees and had started getting Jamie's dick out of his pants. His friend started panicking and went to stand up. Jamie put his hand on the other guy's shoulders and looked at me and said, 'Don't worry, Joe won't say anything. He's a cocksucker too. Might even be as good as you Tony. Y'all want to have a contest and I'll be the judge.' Tony looked at me, shrugged his shoulders and went back to Jamie's cock. I was rooted to the floor, unable to move or think. Jamie barked at me, 'Either come in and close the door or leave. Hurry up and decide Joe.' He then looked at my face and saw the tears running down my cheeks. He got mad and said, 'Oh hell Joe. What's your problem?' The only thing I could think of was to ask, 'How do you know how good Tony sucks cock?' Tony looked over at me and said, 'Because I've been doing it for four years.' That was when I realized my cousin was an asshole and had used me. I ran from the room crying. I didn't even bother to close the door. I found Layla. When she saw me, she grabbed me immediately and we headed for her car. On the way home, she asked what happened and I told her everything. She seemed to handle it alright, she was mainly pissed at Jamie for using me and taking advantage of me."

"Damn babe, that sucks. I'm sorry your first ended up being a douche. Do you ever see Jamie now, do you still talk to him?"

He nodded his head. "Yeah, some, not at first though. He left for a summer vacation the next day and stayed away till the fall semester started at his school. I saw him a couple of times a year during his breaks, but we never did anything again. By the time he came home for Christmas his freshman year, I was with my ex. He did apologize to me at my graduation. He admitted he knew how I felt and continued using me anyways. He also admitted he brought Tony upstairs that night hoping I would follow and catch them and apologized for being an asshole. He said he didn't know how to handle the emotional part of what was going on between us. He told me he and Tony were only physical, there wasn't emotion involved. He said when he started falling for me, it freaked him out and he did the only thing he could think of.

"He then said there was someone with him who he would like me to meet. I followed him outside to the pool area. When we got out there, he called over a very nice looking guy who was a few years older than Jamie. His name is Paul and they have been together for three years. When he introduced me as Joe, Paul looked at him and asked, 'The Joe?' When Jamie nodded, Paul wrapped me a hug and whispered to me that when he and Jamie had met, Jamie was an emotional wreck because of what he did to me. Paul then apologized to me for what happened and I was speechless. 

"Paul graduated two years ago and Jamie graduates at the end of the spring semester. They plan on getting married next fall."

"Wow, that's cool. Oh yeah, I was wondering. Would you rather go by Joe or J.D.? I would like it if you called me Jason. I put JT as the screenname because it was simple and my all of my email addresses are JT underscore Robertson at whatever dot com. I said I was your Uncle Jay because that's what your dad used to call me."

"I think I like J.D. It's something new and since I'm up here at UNT to start over, I think J.D. is a good start."

"What made you transfer up here to UNT? I thought I heard Mom mention to someone you were going to UT."

"I did. I just needed to get away from there. It was supposed to be me and Aaron, my ex, together at UT and having fun. After the breakup, I knew I needed to leave Austin and not look back." 

"Do you want to tell me about Aaron?"

He shook his head. "I'm not ready to talk about him yet. I mean, if you want me to tell you about him, I will, but it still hurts a little to think about him. We just broke up back in August. Well, he broke up with me in August. I didn't see it coming." 

I noticed he started to pull into himself, so I said, "Hey, come here." I pulled him over to sit on my lap. "You don't have to talk about him until you're ready." I placed a soft kiss on his cheek. I held him close to me and he relaxed into the embrace. We sat there for a while, him in my lap while I gently rocked him and placed light kisses on his neck and shoulders. 

I thought maybe he had fallen asleep. That was until he started moving on my lap. He ground his hips down and eventually worked it so that my cock was resting in the cleft of his ass. That's when he moved his legs so he was straddling me. Once we faced each other, our eyes met and then our lips met. The kissing started out slow and gentle. At one point, he looked me in the eyes and I swear I saw some sort of fire blaze in them. He attacked my lips with such ferocity, it took me by surprise. I managed to pull away just enough to say, "Bedroom. Now."

J.D. nodded and jumped up so fast, I barely saw him move. We practically ran down the hall and into the bedroom. He jumped onto the bed and rolled onto his back. He grabbed a pillow and placed it under his lower back and pulled his legs up and held them from behind his knees. This opened him up beautifully. I stared at his ass for a few moments before I dove onto the bed and started giving him another thorough rimming.

After about five minutes of me eating the sweetest ass I've ever had the privilege of doing, he said in a broken voice, "Jason, I need you inside me now. Please. I'm ready."

"You don't have to tell me twice. Hand me the lube."

He passed me the lube and I greased up my fingers to work into his hole with one hand and my cock with the other. I lined my cock up to his awaiting hole. I looked down at him and asked, "Are you sure you're ready? I don't need to stretch you out more?"

"Jason, I need you to get in me now. Please just fuck me."

With that being said, I pushed my way past the resistance and fully inserted myself into him. Once I bottomed out, I didn't move. I gave him some time to adjust to the sudden invasion and to keep from blowing my load right then. I didn't want this to end before it even began. 

After a few moments, J.D. looked up at me and nodded. I shot him a wicked grin and pulled out till only the head was still inside. Then drove back home hard and a little faster. With each inward thrust, I added a little more pressure and a little more speed. Soon I was fucking his ass hard, deep, and fast. His mouth opened to say something just when I changed the angle slightly. I guess the new angle hit his prostate, because I heard a sound somewhere between a moan and a growl. His cock exploded and looked like a volcano spitting out streams of lava high into the air. His orgasm almost immediately triggered my own release. With a feral scream, I emptied myself deep inside him. I tried to roll over so I wouldn't crush him again, but he wouldn't let me move. 

When his breathing eventually returned to normal, he looked up me and said, "That was...fucking amazing. I told you last night, I need your weight to anchor me here, otherwise I'd float away. I swear each time I think it can't be better than the last, but it is."

"I know what you mean. I agree. Come on, let's get cleaned up. I swear, if I keep you around, my water bill is going to be astronomical. But it's worth it. I can't seem to get enough of you."

We headed into my bathroom and started the third shower in the last twenty-four hours. While the water was heating up, I heard a phone ringing in the living room. I turned to J.D. and asked, "Is that your phone ringing in the other room? Can you go get it or do you need me to run and grab it for you?"

"Don't worry about it. I'll call whoever it was back as soon as we're finished cleaning up."

"Alright. Let's get cleaned up and decide what we're going to do for the day."

We washed each other's bodies. When he was washing my back, I noticed he was spending an awful long time soaping up my ass. I was about to turn and ask him if he was enjoying himself when I felt his hands on my ass cheeks. He then spread them far apart exposing my hole to the air. I just about lost it when I felt his hot breath on the exposed flesh. I was going to suggest we go back to bed; however, before I could, he started trying to rim me. 

It's been my experience that real life is nothing like the movies or romance novels. Shower sex rarely works out and it's not a smooth and flawless experience. I mean, think about it for a moment. Normally, the space is already cramped because, unless you have a custom-built shower, you're cramming two people into an area normally designed for one. Then you add in the water falling from above. The person who is on their knees normally feels like their drowning because the water falling on their head is cutting off the air supply to their nose. Then there's also the fact that hardly anyone has unlimited supply of hot water to use. Eventually, the hot water will run out and then you're taking a cold shower, and we all know the effects of cold water on the male anatomy. So, basically what I'm saying is, shower sex normally turns into a cluster fuck and it's not worth the waste of time. Take the minute and go to the bed. 

As much as I loved the attention he was giving me right then, I wasn't ready for another round quite yet. I needed a little time to recharge my batteries. I turned around and pulled him up to look him in the eyes. I place a soft kiss on his lips and said, "Babe, I'm all for having more fun, but I just fucked you and blew a massive load. I need some time to recharge. I wish I was eighteen again and able to keep going. Let's go start a fire and watch a movie. Besides, you need to see who's been calling you."

He smiled at me. "Even if all we do is sit around and watch movies in front of the fireplace all day and all night, I'll be happy. But only on one condition."

"Okay, what's that?"

"We have to sit on the couch like we were last night and you have to hold me like you did then."

"I will happily agree to that. I'll hold you for as long as you'll let me." I then winked at him and we both started laughing. 

He said between his laughs, "Oh my gods, we sound like a couple in some cheesy gay romance novel."

"I know. I couldn't help it. But seriously, come one, let's get out of this shower and cuddle on the couch."

"Lead the way sir," he said with a shit eating grin. 

"Sir? What, do you want me to call you boy now?"

"Umm, no not really. I was just respecting my elders, old man."

"Old man? That's what you're going with?" I stopped and smiled at him. "Okay, as long as you don't call me Daddy, I think we'll be fine. I don't want to picture my brother while we're fucking."

"Oh gross. Come on, why did you have to say that? Great! You've ruined sex for me now."

I laughed and responded with, "Come on brat. The water's starting to cool off."

"Okay Old Man. Let's go."

After drying each other off, we made our way back into the living room. I went about starting a fire while he checked his phone. When I came back in the living room from getting some firewood from the back porch, he was talking on his phone. 

"Yes, I promise you I'm alright. I just didn't want to get out in the weather. I've never driven on ice before." He paused for a few seconds. "I'm at a friend's...Someone I met...Don't worry about where I met him, just know that he's a nice guy and he's looking out for me...His name? It's Jason...Why? What does it matter how old he is...Layla...Fine, he's forty-two...Yes, I said forty-two...Don't give me shit about this...Is it serious? Well, it's complicated...Yes, I'm interested in him...Yes, he's interested in me...Look, I can't get into over the phone. Just trust me, please...Oh, I'm pretty sure you're going to meet him...I think you'll like him...Okay...Yes, I'll be careful...No, I probably won't be home tonight. I assume Mom and Dad called you last night to let you know they made it home...Okay good...Why do I need to call them? I just saw them yesterday...I don't want to call her...Layla, stop. Please. There's something going on and I really don't want to talk to either Mom or Dad...Don't worry about what the problem is, I'll explain everything to you when I get home...Maybe sometime tomorrow. I'm not sure. Depends on how the roads are...I'll call you let you know when I'm heading home...Yes, I promise...Okay sis, love you too. Bye."

As soon as he hung up the phone, I pulled him into a hug and said, "Please don't not talk to your parents on my account. My issues with them shouldn't interfere with your relationship with them."

"I'm not doing it because of you. I'm doing because if I were to talk to them right now, I'm not sure I wouldn't say something I might regret. I need time to cool off, because the first words out of my mouth would be about how you were treated. That would lead to awkward questions, like how do I know exactly what was said twenty years ago?"

"Okay. But don't take too long. You don't want them worrying unnecessarily. What movie would like to watch? You're choice."

He placed a kiss on my lips and we sat on the couch. My back went into the corner of the couch and he settled between my legs. I pulled him tight against me and placed a kiss to the back of his neck. I then grabbed the remote and we went through the On-Demand selections. Finally, he decided on Clueless. I chuckled at his selection and he asked me what was so funny. 

"Nothing, it's just, I remember seeing this the theatres when it came out. I think that was back in 1995."

"Okay, Old Man. Would you rather watch something else?"

"Just shut up and watch the movie, Brat." As I said that, I tightened my hold on him. He was pressed as close to me as I could get him. We settled in and watched the movie. There were points where I think he was laughing at me more than the movie. I pretty much have the entire movie memorized and I couldn't help myself from quoting the lines.

When I quoted the lines, "My doctor doesn't want me doing any activities where balls fly at my nose...Well there goes your social life," he fell off the couch laughing. Finally, he recovered and got back on the couch. 
