 I was in my mid-50s, divorced and a very active bisexual guy. I had been hooking up with men in a gay chat room for several years, even before my divorce. However, the one I frequented disappeared from the web and I went looking for an alternative. I had heard of craigslist but had never used it, so I thought I would give it a try. 

I looked under both 'men for men' and 'casual encounters'. There were a number of men looking for sex with men. I browsed the listings and found one from a single guy in his mid 40s who was a top. He posted a picture of his cock, which appeared enormous. I replied to his post and we exchanged a few e-mails which included more pictures. I told him I was a total bottom and would love to worship his cock and that I couldn't wait until I felt it deep in my ass.

We agreed to meet for a drink at a bar next to his apartment house. Mike was waiting for me. He was quite a bit taller than me - around 6'3" and in pretty good shape. He was clean shaven with light brown hair and green eyes. I ordered a drink and we chatted a bit. Like me, he was divorced but had been for over ten years, while my divorce was fairly recent. I sensed that he was a little nervous and he mentioned that he had not been with a guy for some years. Lately, he had been fantasizing about it more and more. I had been indulging my bi side for about 5 years so this was almost routine for me. I told him everything would be fine. 

We walked across the street to his building, Mike had a fourth floor condo which was decorated in a very masculine way - lots of leather furniture and sports memorabilia. We adjourned to his bedroom and quickly undressed. It was obvious that Mike spent a lot of time at the gym as he was lean and muscular. His cock sprang free from his boxers and was very erect. It was about 8" and thick with a nice mushroom head. As soon as we were both naked and I sank to my knees and wrapped my lips around that mushroom head. I soon had him moaning with pleasure. The last thing I wanted was for him to shoot his load too quickly so I started licking his balls and fondling his dick. After a few more minutes of this, we got into the bed. I lubed up my ass while Mike put on a condom.

I got on all fours and Mike started to push his man meat into my waiting hole. I just love the feeling of my ass being invaded by a nice, thick cock. Mike inserted it bit by bit, giving me an incredibly full feeling. Once he had his rod in balls deep, he let it rest there for a few seconds before he started to very slowly fuck me. I was in heaven being fucked by a big cock. Mike soon picked up his pace and began really pounding my ass. I absolutely loved it. I kept telling him how good his cock felt inside me. "I love your cock!" I yelled. That seemed to get Mike even more excited and he fucked me even harder. That only drove me wilder and I kept saying how much I loved having him fuck me. 

"I'm going to cum!" he shouted. 

"Cum in my mouth!" I cried. Mike pulled out and tore off the condom. I wrapped my lips around his cock and started sucking. Seconds later Mike shot string after string of hot cum into my eager mouth. I swallowed each drop and kept sucking to make sure he had nothing left.

"That was intense,' Mike said. We decided to take a break and have a drink. He told me that he had fooled around a lot with men in college and for a few years after. But, he decided he wanted a family so he got married. It wasn't a good idea, they really were not compatible and never got along. He was glad they didn't have any kids. He dated many women after his divorce but never had a serious relationship. He missed gay sex and had been thinking about doing it again for a few years. Mike was not the sort to frequent gay bars, neither was I for that matter. He had been looking at gay porn on-line and finally decided to try craigslist. 

After we finished our drinks, we went back to bed. I ran my hands all over Mike's body, loving the way his muscles felt. I began to fondle his balls and stroke his cock. He was hard again and I began to lick it like an ice cream cone. "Suck it, suck it," Mike said and I was happy to comply. I slowly took his shaft into my mouth and went all the way down to the balls. I worked my way back up to the head just as slowly. Then I wrapped my lips around his cock head and massaged it with my tongue as I fondled his balls. Since he had already shot one load, he lasted a long time and I enjoyed every minute of feasting on his bone. "I'm gonna cum!" he said finally and I started to suck harder so I could get every last drop. I didn't have to wait long for his cock to erupt again. I was really turned on by this and had been stroking my own cock while sucking Mike's. I shot my own load about 30 seconds after Mike. 

"Wow, that was incredible. Why did I wait so long?" Mike asked. I told him that I had gone over 25 years without man sex before starting again. I had asked myself the same question many times. We lay side by side on the bed, two middle aged guys who were a bit tired after some fantastic sex. We agreed to meet again soon. I asked Mike if he would be interested in a threesome or more. "Hell yeah!" was his enthusiastic answer. I began planning that event immediately.

Most of my encounters with men had been when I was travelling for business. I had recently been promoted to a position where business trips were rare. Over the years I had met some men in various cities I would visit. We would meet on my trips and have some hot times. I had e-mailed my out of town bi friends that my travel was being drastically reduced but if any of them were to visit my city, I would love to renew our acquaintance. My friend Karl, a bisexual African-American from Seattle, e-mailed me about a week later and said he would be in my city in a two weeks. I replied with the information about Mike and suggested a threesome. I had experienced a threesome and even some gang bangs with Karl. He quickly agreed and gave me permission to share some of his pictures with Mike. I then contacted Mike and he was onboard with the idea too.

I could hardly wait until Karl came to town. The day finally arrived and Mike and I went to Karl's hotel. We met in the bar so they could get to know each other over a drink. They hit it off instantly and we didn't linger very long in the bar before retiring to Karl's room.

Karl is about 6'-2" and slender with a 9" cock. The three of us shed our clothes immediately upon arrival. Mike and Karl were both erect and I fell to my knees and started sucking Karl's cock and stroking Mike's. After a few minutes of this, I serviced Mike while stroking Karl. Mike said "this feels great, but I want your ass." I got up and started to lube my manhole.

I got on all fours on the bed and Mike stood behind me. Karl plopped down in front of me. I began sucking Karl's cock while Mike pushed his thick cock into my waiting ass. I was loving it. I had perfected my deep throat technique and could almost get all of Karl's 9" down my throat. I liked to play with the cock head with my lips and tongue before sucking my way down the shaft. Then I would work my way back up and start in on the head again. I had become rather adept at cock sucking. Karl was definitely enjoying my attentions.

Meanwhile, Mike had started pounding my ass after starting out slowly. He pulled his cock almost completely out before ramming it back balls deep. I just loved the feeling of a big dick assaulting my ass. 

Karl moaned "I'm going to cum!" and loaded my mouth with his seed. As usual, I did not waste a drop. Mike needed another few minutes of banging my behind before he was ready to cum. He pulled out of my ass, tore off his condom and told me to suck the cum out of him. I was most happy to oblige and, once again, I did not miss a drop.

We took a short break and then resumed. This session lasted a lot longer and gave me the most intense satisfaction. Karl started to fondle my balls and play with my cock while he fucked me on my back. Mike was laying beside me with his cock in my mouth. There is nothing like being filled at each end. I felt like a slut and very much enjoyed the feeling. 

Karl's pace was slow and steady. He would almost take his cock all the way out before pushing it back in. He was hitting my prostate and between the fucking and his playing with my cock, I came all over myself. 

Mike began to fuck my mouth. He held the back of my head and started ramming my mouth. I kept my mouth open and ensured that my lips and tongue were rubbing against his cock. It wasn't long before he started spraying my throat with cum. Almost as soon as I finished licking him clean, Karl shot his load.

We cleaned up, got dressed and headed for the hotel bar. Over drinks at an isolated table, we discussed our various sexual exploits and plotted some new ones. Karl told Mike about the time he and several other guys gang banged me. Mike definitely liked the sound of that. We decided we would try to set up another one in the near future.