 Author's note: Sometimes dirty things come into my head and I can't help but let them out. I think I corrected all of the spelling mistakes and grammatical errors. If I've missed any I'm sorry.

"In homosexual sex you know exactly what the other person is feeling, so you are identifying with the other person completely." - William S Burroughs.

I have never submitted so totally and utterly to anyone ever before as I have to my current Sir.

This is the term I was told to use. The out-dated, some may say archaic term of 'Master' seeming somewhat inappropriate. 'Sir' has much more of a contemporary, militaristic, almost clinical sound and feel to it.

'Sir', always 'Sir'. Every time. No exceptions. This was the first of many things that were to be drilled relentlessly into my brain until they became almost second nature. I didn't even have to think any-more, my responses came automatically. Like a reflex, or the instantaneous workings of an expertly programmed computer.

But I always have to be prepared for any new conditions. Anything that crosses Sir's mind that he thinks may excite either him or me, or make his dominance or my submission just that little bit more complete.

"Do you know what happens tonight?"

"Yes, Sir." I replied looking up from my kneeling position in-front of him.

"Hey! What have I told you about eye contact?" Sir snapped "You don't look at me unless I say so."

"Sorry, Sir" I replied, my eyes finding the floor like a bolt of lightning.

"Yes. I should think so." he said in a more controlled voice "Now, tell me what happens tonight?"

"Sir, you're going to penetrate me."

Sir laughed in genuine amusement.

"Jesus." he said "You're like a science text-book. No, I'm not going to 'Penetrate' you. Tell me properly. What happens tonight?"

I bit my bottom lip. Running my incisors over the skin as I hesitantly formed the word in my brain before letting it make the final journey to my mouth.

"You're going to fuck me, Sir."

"That's right." he said. I still had my head bowed, but I could tell from his voice that he was grinning.

" 'Penetrate' indeed." he said "I'm starting to perhaps regret my decision to let you talk at all. If you don't start using the right words I will reduce you back to a blow-job machine on legs. Is that what you want?"

I shook my head swiftly.

"Sir, That won't be necessary. I'll use the right words."

"Damn right you will." Sir said with snigger "You can look at me now."

I raised my head and looked up at his beaming face. "I love your pretty grey eyes." he said, reaching down and placing a curled index finger beneath my chin "Your eyes give away so much of what you're thinking." he laughed again "Look at you, you're terrified."

"A little bit, Sir."I replied breaking eye contact for a split second.

"It'll be okay." Sir said, a new tone of reassurance entering his voice "We've been working up to this haven't we? And I finally think you're ready."

It was true, we had been working on a gradual training regime that got me used to having things in my butt. Starting with just fingers then working through an array of slowly enlarging objects. From long, thin massagers to one of those three stage plug sets and so on.

I experienced my first prostate induced orgasm and it blew my little mind. I never knew something could feel so intense. There had been times where I had thrown myself to the ground, sticking my back-side in the air and begging him to screw me. But he would simply chuckle and say that I wasn't ready.

"If I put it in now," he once said, his voice hot in my ear "Then you'll break, and I don't play with broken toys."

I was torn from my reminiscing by the feeling of a firm tap on my cheek.

"Okay."Sir said "C'mon. Down, foot." when he spoke simply and bluntly like this I knew it meant he was ready to get down to business, and I had to be ready too.

'Foot' was one of the rehearsed positions that I had learned as part of my training. I sank down, bracing myself with my hands and placed my face against Sir's foot. His shoes and socks were off, as were mine, but other than that we were both still completely clothed. Something I'm sure it would soon be my duty to fix.

Once I had assisted Sir with the removal of his clothes I did the same for myself. Puling off both my jeans and my boxers with a flourish like a matador.

Then came the time for the application of my collar. Once that was on it had really begun. Not turning back from then on. The thick, stock like strap of leather with its sharp, tell-tale scent, the metal D-ring at the throat, an aesthetic and psychological symbol of the true nature of my position.

The buckle was affixed at the tightest of the strap's holes. The ones it had come with originally didn't provide a snug enough fit around my thin neck, so I had set upon it with a sharp screwdriver in order to bore new holes so that it fit me more properly.

"Very nice." Sir smiled down at me and stroked the side of my head. The left side being shaved in fitting with my obsession with the Cyber-Punk style. Sir often commented on how nice it felt to run his hand over it. "Now go to the drawer." he said with a few quick flits of his fingers as if shooing me away "Go on, get the bag of things."

I scurried off on my hands and knees towards the chest of drawers situated on the other side of the bed "And keep that ass up." Sir said as I went "Come on. Up, up, up!" I tried my best to keep my rear end raised up as I crawled but it was easier said than done and I kept thinking that I was going to stumble over my own hands and land flat on my face.

Fortunately I made it to the drawers without incident and I swiftly opened it up and fished around inside. I mostly just kept toiletries in this particular drawer but right at the back, away from the prying eyes of any more nosey guests, was what I was looking for. A deep, black shaving bag made of some water-proof synthetic material. This was where I kept the various toys, implements and devices that Sir liked me to use or that he liked to use upon me. "Taking our bloody time aren't we?" Sir said as I took out the bag "Get a move on why don't you. Come on, foot!" I quickly made my way back round the foot of the bed and re-assumed the commanded position. I placed the bag at my right side and Sir nudged it with his free foot.

"Okay, now get it all out for inspection like I showed you."

I raised my head and turned my attention to the bag. I pulled open the zip and emptied the contents onto the floor before starting to arrange the items into a neat, interlocking square in order of size and shape. Like some bizarre game of Tetris or the way in which a soldier separates the components of his weapon in order to clean it.

There was the aforementioned set of three plugs which I set out from smallest to largest, vivid pink through darkish purple and cobalt blue. An almost alien looking prostate stimulating thing in pillar-box red, equipped with a steel ball-bearing in a protrusion near its base, designed for stimulating the perineum.

I liked this one the most. Because of how it looked more than anything. I have never been a fan of toys that are more anatomically correct. They look too human and uncannily detached, as though amputated. This never failed to freak me out, so we stopped using them.

There was a bottle of lube, the nice, silicone based kind that contained aloe-vera, my personal favourite. A spray bottle of disinfectant used for cleaning all of that listed above.

Then, there was the pin-wheel. Just seeing the thing filled me with a mixed sensation of total excitement and utter dread combined.

It was a long handle of steel at the end of which was a vertical facing disc edged with twenty fat pins about a centimetre in length. They're used in the medical profession for patients suffering from muscular dystrophy or nerve damage. But most sex shops tend to stock them as-well, as administering it to certain erogenous parts of the body produces a very intense feeling. The marvellous blurring of the boundaries between pleasure and pain. It bloody hurts. Don't get me wrong, it's that good kind of hurt, but it hurts none the less.

That's not the bad part, what is, is the track like marks of tiny, red pricks that it leaves all over you that take days to go away (If at all) and sting like hell while they're doing so.

So many times I had turned up to University lectures with my neck or arms bearing that kinky stigmata. People looked, but fortunately No-one ever asked.

Once everything was in its allotted place Sir looked it all over.

"Well, you've remembered the order." he said with a nod, resting his chin in the crook of his hand. He reached down and picked up an item at random, the purple, medium plug, and looked at it. "Has this been cleaned?" he asked.

"Yes, Sir." I replied with a sharp nod. He brought the plug down and held it in-front of my face.

"Open your mouth."

I did as instructed and Sir slid the plug between my lips and encouraged me to suck on it.

"Ah, well." he said after a minute or so of me sucking "I guess that's satisfactory enough. Tell me, can you fit this inside you?"

I nodded.

"Yes, Sir."

He dropped the plug onto the floor, almost dashing the rest of my neatly arranged square.

"Show me."

I picked up the plug and the bottle of lube, snapping the cap up with my thumb and squeezing a measure into my cupped hand. I applied a liberal amount to the plug itself, making sure to get every inch of it's surface before using what was left on myself.

I turned around so that I was facing away from Sir, knowing that he would want a full on view as I put the thing in me.

It was a whole lot easier these days and the medium plug presented no challenge. Towards the start I had difficulty even accommodating Sir's index finger. But his training regime had been so gradual and so expertly planned that most things didn't even bother me any more and I had begun to see penetration as something that can be enjoyed rather than some kind of chore.

I gave a slight gasp as the thickest part of the plug slid up into my butt, the sets of muscles within gripping tight on the somewhat thinner stalk at the the plug's suction cup base.

"Very good." Sir said. I could tell just from his voice that he was grinning again "Very good indeed. Now you keep that in there for a while. Turn back round."

I twisted back round on my knees and looked up at him. My little display had obviously pleased him as he was now almost fully erect. I must admit I wasn't far off myself.

Sir's cock isn't exactly gigantic or anything, nor is it overly small. It's kind of just right in proportion to the rest of his body. I'd strike a guess at around seven inches when fully up. But perfectly formed, which is what I'm more interested in. It doesn't bend to a specific side or anything, or have an unusual, difficult to work with shape.

Just seeing it instantly flooded my brain with endorphins and set my heart pumping in my chest.

"Do you want this?" he said. Not even gesturing to his dick as it was all too obvious what he was referring to.

I nodded. "Then say please."

"Please, Sir."

"Please what?"

"Please can I suck your cock, Sir?"

He smiled again and then stepped over to the bed and sat down upon the edge.

"Well, seeing as you asked so very nicely."

I stayed kneeling and moved between his legs. I took the base of his cock in my right hand, but he reached down and batted it away.

"No." he said sharply "No hands. Just your mouth."

I took my hand away and placed it down by my side. I twisted my head in order to get his cock into my mouth hands-free. I took just the head in at first. Using my lips to slide the skin down, making sure to keep my teeth out of the way. I ran my tongue across the sensitive underside which he seemed to enjoy as he leaned back on his elbows and gave a long, low sigh. Taking this as encouragement I slid more of him into my mouth taking as much as I possibly could. I've never been very good at the whole deep throat thing but I always tried my best.

It seemed to be working as I soon felt him place a hand on the back of my head and interlace his fingers within the longer parts of my hair. I continued for a short while before pulling away and looking up at him.

"You can thrust if you want to, Sir."

His smile beamed down at me and he pulled me back onto him. I bent my neck forward to an almost forty-five degree angle to allow him to sink his cock into the opening of my throat with every movement of his hips. I moved my tongue up and down his entire shaft with every thrust. Bobbing my head up and down, faster and faster. I had a kind of plan brewing in my mind.

After a few minutes longer he quickly yanked my hair pulling me off of him.

"I know what you're thinking." he said with ever so slight pants "You're thinking if you get me off with your mouth then I won't put it in your ass."

I bet my lip and my eyes made their way to the floor. He'd rumbled me.

"I'm not going to let you do that." he continued "And even if you did. I'd just take you to the kitchen, put you in the pantry for an hour or so while I re-compose myself, then come back and really give it to you. Do you want that?"

I shook my head. I wasn't as worried by the second threat as I was the first. I hate being put in the pantry. It's cold and has no light-bulb or window. It's also floored with harsh uneven tiles that are impossible to get comfortable on. I imagine even prison isolation cells at least have a stool.

"So." said Sir "Are you going to try that little trick again?"

I shook my head.

"No, Sir."

"Good. Now do it properly."

I returned back to sucking his dick. Slower now. Paying more attention to heightening his arousal rather than actually attempting to make him cum.

I knew it had to come at some point. And after a short while longer I was told to stop sucking and Sir stood back up. He patted his hand on the bed where he had been sat.

"Come on. Up, Up." he said taking hold of the D-ring of my collar and pulling me forward.

I climbed up on the bed and sat on my haunches. Sitting straight down was proving a little difficult as to the plug still being inside me. "No not like that." Sir said "Face away. Bend over, show me your ass."

I did as he said and rested my head on my folded arms as I raised my backside into the air.

He pulled the plug out without even warning me, causing me to give a sharp yelp.

"Oh come on." he chuckled "You can handle worse than that. See, look how opened up you are already."

I felt the tip of one of his fingers circle around my butt-hole and true enough I could feel that it was staying open on its own. The plug had done its job.

I heard the lube bottle squeezed again and then winced at the cold feeling of it being administered to me. I felt him pressing into me once again, a little rougher this time.

"See." he said "That's two straight away."

"Really?" I said, forgetting the 'Sir' part as I was genuinely surprised, and I must confess, ever so slightly proud of myself.

"Yep." Sir said, seeming to have missed my mistake "Now, tell me. Do you think that you're ready?"

A wave of off sensation went all the way through me. I wasn't exactly sure what it was. Excitement, apprehension, fear, yearning, all of the above perhaps? But it shook me to my very core. Hitting me right there in that very deepest part of my being. I cannot possibly liken it to anything else. If I had to make any comparison it would be something similar to having someone place the barrel of a gun into your mouth and asking if you wanted them to pull the trigger. Half of you terrified, the other half overwhelmed with the thought of the possible euphoria of having your brains blown out.

"Yes." I replied in a low, whispered voice "Yes, Sir."

Sir ran a hand up the whole right side of my chest. His hands pressing hard against my ribs.

"Do you want it?" he asked. He had already moved forward and was pressing his cock against against my butt cheek. I nodded. "Say it. Say 'I want it'."

"I want it." I replied, still in my hushed tone.

"'I want it' what?"

"I want it, Sir. Please, give it to me."

I heard the sort of tell-tale 'Fwit' sound of a condom packet being opened with teeth.

This had been a long beforehand insistence of mine. I had heard that enemas could actually be very bad for you and could make penetration more dangerous. The best thing to do being to just was the heck out of your horrid self in preparation (As I of course had done) and make sure to use protection. In the long run (Lets face it) it's not the nicest place in the world for one's partner to put the most intimate part of their anatomy without some sort of clean barrier.

Sir placed his hands behind each of my thighs and pulled me forward just a bit more, so that from his standing position at the side of the bed he could manoeuvre more easily.

The familiar squirt of the lube bottle sounded again and I heard him rubbing a slick hand against the latex before reaching forward and applying some to me. The substance now thankfully warmed by his hand.

I felt him press the end of his cock against by butt-hole. I was scared, I'll admit it. Who wouldn't be?

"I won't push forward for now." he said "You just push back."

Summoning up all of my courage I pressed back against him. I felt myself slowly opening up against him, the first minute millimetres of his cock-head going into me. It stung like a sort of burning. It wasn't agonizing or anything but it was certainly uncomfortable. It felt very different to the toys we had previously used as it of course was not specifically designed and shaped to be easy. I let a slight hiss escape from between my teeth.

"Are you okay?' Sir asked.

"It hurts a bit, Sir." I replied through gritted teeth. Sir placed a hand underneath my chest and squeezed me.

"I know, Baby." he said "It gets easier. I promise. Just remember what we practised. Put your mind elsewhere. Only focus on what feels good."

I remembered this part of my training. According to everything that I had read, a lot of the pain that is felt during anal sex is actually psychological and is only at its worst if you worry about it too much, as your body will naturally tense up beyond you will.

I gave a long, low exhale, relaxing my lower body as much as I possibly could. Tilting my head against the bed and curling my arms under my neck. To my surprise this worked perfectly. I felt myself easing, almost falling back onto Sir's dick. That odd, kind of breakthrough feeling that I often got with the toys when your butt's set of internal, involuntary controlled muscles open up.

It was bloody intense though. A surge of inexplicable feelings exploded within me. Pain, pleasure, fullness. All at once as the first few inches of Sir's cock went into me. I had gotten it into my head that it would be similar to the feeling that the plugs gave to me, only maybe a little thicker and longer. But I was totally wrong. This felt entirely different. It felt better. There was still the underlying sensation of it hurting like hell, but all of that seemed lost, melted, dissolved by this overpowering sense of what I can only call 'Connection'.

He was inside me. If only a part of the way, but he was inside of me.

It had all been coming up to this. This one act, this one moment of complete and utter oneness. All of the build up. The ages of working towards me be able to actually do it. Everything that had happened tonight. All for that one, single moment when Bang! We had, at last, achieved it.

Only one word could pass my lips.

"More."

Sir reached forward and placed a hand over my right shoulder. He gave a long groan as he sank more of himself into me.
