 So, this happened to me back in high school when I was in my final year. I was in my late teens, quite tall and slim, shaggy dark hair. I knew at that point I was interested in guys, but had buried that fact, deep. I'd had girlfriends and was popular among my small group of friends. But, I guess because of my grunge look, a group of more 'cool' kids regularly took fun in annoying the shit out of me!

So this happened when I was getting ready for Phys Ed one afternoon. We got changed in those huge changing rooms, where a whole class changed together before the room was locked for the session to keep everyone's stuff safe. I was half changed. We lived in the midlands of the UK, so winter Rugby sessions were cold. I wore a navy pair of lycra cycling shorts to keep my legs warm and a tight vest under my school rugby shirt. I was only half changed when it all happened, so I never did have any shorts on.

A group of these guys were getting at me again. Pete, the main guy grabbed me suddenly, pulling me into the adjoining shower room. 2 other guys were already waiting there and before I knew what was going on, they'd poured shampoo in my hair and drenched me in the shower - still fully clothed. I was furious, and for the first time I fought back. As the other boys left, Pete stayed behind giving me abuse for being trampy, etc. The usual stuff. I grabbed him and tackled him, just wanting to get him wet on the floor of the bathroom. I'd always been pretty good at rugby, so he went down hard, but fought back quick. We wrestled for a while on the floor, around the corner in the showers and out of sight of the other boys changing. By the time I pulled away from him, I had a bloody nose and was pretty much soaked from the shampoo and water.

As we walked out, I realised it was empty in the changing rooms. Pete pushed past me, cursing me. When he got to the door he found it was locked from the outside...we could hear everyone filing off down the hall to the sports hall, hurried by the shouting voice of our gym teacher. Pete was furious, banging on the door, but the hallway fell silent. I just watched - out of breath, still half dressed and covered in soapy shampoo. I was just worried about being in this room with Pete for an hour.

As he turned round, I could see his cheek was bruised and he had a cut above his eye. He swore at me a lot, pushed me back, but was clearly not in the mood to keep fighting.

After an awkward 10 minutes, the shampoo was stinging my eyes. I had apologised, wondering if it wasn't actually Pete's fault, but thinking it'd be better. But I couldn't wait any longer.

"I've got to get this shampoo out of my face," I said. I grabbed my stuff and took it into the shower. I was right by the shower room (didn't make that mistake again) and chose a shower head where I could see my stuff but was out of sight of Pete.

I showered in my clothes at first to get the soap out of them, then slowly stripped off, out of my now soaking shorts and vest. I hung them carefully, hoping I could dry them while I toweled off. At that time, I had hardly any hair on my chest and abs. I had to wash my hair for ages to get out the mass of shampoo. There seemed to be so much, it was like I was washing my whole body with it as it ran over me.

When I opened my eyes, I saw Pete by my things. I thought he was looking at me at first, but he passed it off as 'going thru my things'. "You owe me," he said, going through my wallet. He laughed when he came across a condom, throwing it at me in the shower and telling me I was an optimist. I didn't reply.

After a while, though, I thought I caught sight of him again. Looking at me. Then he moved. He wore his full rugby kit, socks and everything. He had big wet patches where he'd hit the wet floor. He came into the shower, moving across the room from me and cursing the cut above his eye.

"You're stronger than I thought," he said, stripping off. Out of instinct, I turned to see him removing his shorts and t-shirt. I didn't want to look at him, and almost took my stuff and retreated. But I decided to stand my ground. He was down to his underwear and vest now - white and tight. His briefs were really brief and had ridden up one cheek of his toned backside.

"Yeah, well I play rugby and other stuff a lot. I knew I could take you down without your mates about."

"Well you did. My eye is gonna be bruised."

I couldn't imagine another fight breaking out now we were almost naked, so I started to relax. I still didn't turn round though. Just washing myself shyly. He continued with the small talk, increasingly complimentary in an awkward way. "You're a lot fitter than I thought, without those baggy clothes on" and, eventually "you know, let's call this a truce. I don't want any more black eyes, and I'm sure you don't want the hassle."

I was surprised. I turned to agree, when I saw he was stood facing me in his shower. He had removed his vest and was starting to remove his briefs. He seemed to pause, with his thumbs under the elastic at his hips. After a long look down I realised my sight had lingered on his we bulge. He wasn't stroking it, it was just there, water running off his abs and round his tight bulge. I remember it in such detail, I wonder if I stared for an age! As I snapped out of it, he smiled. Not awkward at all, just smiling and slid his briefs down his thighs.

"erm...sure" I said. Lost. Mind spinning. Then, cock twitching. I was furious at this guy, but couldn't stop my cock or eyes from reacting to this guy's now naked form. He was athletic, less skinny than me. He was normally quite blonde, but under the shower his hair looked dark, and the hair around his chest and cock looked soft and dark. "I don't want to fight" I added, lamely. He then wrapped his hand round his slim cock, casually and slowly. Blood was rushing to my head, well...to my cock as well, more worryingly...so I turned back round.

"What's up?" he asked. "I just don't know what else to do with this hour now!" He was so casual about it. Like jerking off with his newest mate would pass the time quicker. "Oh, if you're bothered by this...I wasn't meaning to...well, give you more shit or anything."

I heard him walking over. I closed my eyes, willing my cock to relax.

"If that's freaking you out, I'm sorry. I mean it, I don't want to fight. I'll let you finish up on your own..." he tailed off. I looked up, seeing him beside me, looking at my now hard cock under the hot water of the shower. I could have died.

"Wow. Shit, now that's a fucking huge boner" he laughed. I think he was genuinely trying to be less of a dick, because he stopped. "Oh, man. Look, sorry. I didn't mean to laugh. Just...shit, I didn't know you were, like...hard. And I mean HARD hard."

"Yeah" I mumbled. Nothing would shift this raging urge I had. "I don't know why. I was surprised to see you jacking off"

"Man, don't worry about it. Just jerk it, let it out. We can get rid of this teen rage together. I was just so fucking angry at you for busting up my eye." He took his cock again. I realised I had been looking down, in his direction. Meaning I'd basically been looking at his hard cock this whole time...no wonder I had the huge urge between my legs!

Slowly, I took my cock in my hand. Man it felt good to stroke it under my shower. I looked round, seeing Pete walking behind me to turn on the shower next to mine. Jacking and holding his abs above his wet pubic hair. Finally I smiled. "sorry about the eye" I said, looking him in the face for the first time.

"I deserved it. Anyway, once I blow I'll be chilled out about the whole thing."

"Well, you'd better blow quick then." His face changed. Confused, he moved closer.

"I said, once WE blow."

He laid a hand on my abs, running it down under the water of the showers to above my cock head. He slipped his thumb and finger around the base of my cock as I stroked. I could feel his fingers tightening. Aw, it felt awesome. I smiled, not daring to touch him yet.

He slipped my hand off my cock and onto his. He massaged my cock towards and away from him, and I copied. It felt awesome to have the sensation of sexual release while holding someone else's cock in my hands. I could see it was doing the same for him.

All I could hear was our breathing now, gently stoking became more rhythmic. His hands on my wet hips, mine on his chest and abs. We never got that close to each other, but we looked each other in the eyes between squinted moans and sighs.

As I felt my abs tense, I knew what was going to happen. I was freaking out for a moment, before he whispered "ah, yeah...I'm gonna cum".

At that, I relaxed, felt the cum rise up thru my balls and between my hips. At that moment, I felt thick spurts of hot cum shoot across my own cock, as he jerked into my hands harder and harder. His cum on my cock head was all I could take. I returned the favour, spurting shot after shot of cum onto his hips and abs. I couldn't help but watch...so many of my secret dreams played out for real. We both kept stroking, rubbing in each other's cum until the final thrust had died out. He smiled, gently now. I smiled back, more relaxed.

We showered off without talking. Still I could hear our breathing, but nothing was said yet.

As I toweled off, I just blurted out "so...truce then?!"

He looked back, calmly "yeah, for sure. I'll tell them all to leave off."

And that was that. The others came back in, and the whole day passed off without real note.

I did cum across Pete another time, but that's another tale...