 I live in a small city but visiting gay bars and cruise sites is not an option. Most of these are in the vicinity of the regular hotspots. The thought of being seen and labeled when I have not even figured out what I am feeling and where I belong was terrifying to me. I was not looking to live a lifestyle or fall in love with a man. I truly longed for the closeness of a woman. But those damn images of male bodies keep dominating my thoughts and fantasies. It became useless to try to suppress them, with the ease of the internet and pictures of every decadent act you can imagine at your fingertips, I accepted that I lusted after men physically, not emotionally.

I kept calling chat lines, just to listen and jack off. Eventually I worked up the nerve to meet one of these men who said he was curious also and was into giving and receiving head only. He agreed to a meeting in public and as he claimed he was married I could count on his discretion. As nervous as I was I convinced myself to give it a try and we went to a local motel. While I enjoyed the feel of a cock in my mouth and was pleased I could give pleasure, I did not respond in kind. Anxiety and nerves did not allow my body to respond and after a couple of meetings with the same results I decided that maybe I was meant to serve.

One night I was checking out the chat when I received an IM. "...mixed race male, 6'2" 195 pounds, well hung in decent shape looking to get off, strictly a top, nothing versatile. Interested? Give me a call at....." No reason for details, we agreed on a time and place. I met Trey at a corner near his apartment. He got in and directed me the last couple blocks. My first impression was that this was a tough, rugged individual, late 30's, and just hoped he was honest about what we were here for. His tan skin and bald head left his nationality, Hispanic, black, difficult to pinpoint but I wasn't going to ask. The apartment was of modest means but looked clean and organized. He offered me a beer which I gladly accepted as my mouth was dry as a bone and I could use a little relaxing. He removed his shirt exposing more of the tattoos that ran up his arms and across his hairless back and chest. Not a muscle machine but solid.

"Get undressed and we'll go to the bedroom." He said. "I like my bitches to be naked while they are sucking my cock." At that moment he removed his pants and revealed the rest of his body, and his incredible cock. I had learned from the other men that I had met that you can subtract 1-2" off whatever they say their cock size is but this man was as big as any I have sucked and he wasn't even hard. The balls were full and round and his tool was uncut, my first. Again he told me to get undressed as he must have noticed my hesitation as I took in his manhood. I did as I was told and followed him into his room watching his ass muscles clench with each step. He turned around to face me and I dropped to my knees, not speaking, understanding my place and why I was there.

"That's right," Trey said "Suck that big cock nice and slow like you were born to"

I leaned in and pressed my face to his hairy crotch, inhaling his scent. I started with my tongue, licking up and down his shaft settling in on his balls, sucking first one then the other, going back and forth. His sack was full and he moaned his approval. 

"There's a hell of a load of cum in there for you, and it's going to take more than one nut to empty 'em so I hope you're not in a hurry." Hurry! I couldn't be dragged away. 

His cock had started to respond and it was time to feel that piece of meat in my mouth. I grabbed the base and slid my lips down the shaft. My tongue began to probe under his foreskin and feel the smooth head underneath. There was an acrid taste but cocksuckers like me have no problem with it. He began to stiffen as I slowly sucked and stroked with on hand and caressed his balls with the other. His cock was a deep brown with heavy veins and I massaged his shaft with my tongue absolutely loving every inch of him.

".....mmmmm that's it. Get that cock hard." His hips began to sway as I worked him deeper into my mouth. My lips were stretched wider than they have ever been, the others had not prepared me for this. My right had begun to work his shaft and I reach around to caress hiss ass with the other. 

"Don't grab my ass!!" Trey said as he slapped my hand away. "You are here to suck so suck." 

A thrill I have never experienced shot through me as did him as his cock jumped and reached its full erection, 9 inches of incredible meat. My spit was flowing now as I bobbed my head up and down that pole. I glanced up his smooth torso to see his head back and eyes closed as he was enjoying my blowjob, even though I could only get 2/3 of him in me before I gagged. I came up for air taking turns on both his cock and balls. The mushroom head was fully exposed and a deep purple, the foreskin taught. Then he pulled his cock from my mouth. He must have noticed the look of shock as I was suddenly parted from him.

"Don't worry we are just changing positions so I can fuck that mouth of yours." He said with a smirk on his face. 

He had me kneel with the bed to my back and he swung his right leg up over my shoulder. Grabbing my hair he brought his cockhead to my face and holding me still, parted my lips and drove his cock into my throat. I gagged of course but he pulled out only a little ways and shoved again . This time slower and with a purpose. My eyes watered and I felt like choking but couldn't.

He held still and yelled "that's it bitch. That is the way to work a cock." In and out in slow movements he sawed his tool. He pulled back to allow me to breath every few seconds and soon I was taken him deep and hadn't even realized he had released his grip on my hair and that I was deep throating him on my own. His body was covered with a fine sheen of sweat and I knew it was time to finish him off. I sucked and stroked his shaft while I massaged his balls. 

"I am getting ready to cum. You are about to get what you want....That's it... here it is!!...aaaah shit!!" His hips bucked into me driving his cock though my hands and lips. His shaft throbbed as the first shot hit my tongue and throat, a second, a third. I have yet to learn how to swallow when my mouth is stuffed with cock so I backed off and took his next few shots on my face. His thick white cream splattered on my cheeks and lips as I swirled his bitter cum in my mouth. What a load, the biggest I have ever had to deal with, and what a taste. I slid his cock back in my mouth to suck out the last of his delicious cream. The scent filled my nostrils as I cleaned my face with my fingers and savored every drop. He turned and left for the bathroom without uttering a word.

He soon returned and I begged like the slut I had become. "Can I suck you again? You told me you need to come more than once?" I needed more and hoped he did too. He lay back on the bed with his legs spread. 

"Stop whining bitch and get to work, you got more comin' than a face fuck." I began to suck him, drooling over the most incredible tool I have had before or since. He took longer to harden; already having cum once, but soon he was at full erection, seemingly stiffer and bigger than before. "That's it ...nice and hard for ya...going to fuck that ass." He got up and went to his dresser and got some lube and began to grease up and stroke his tool. I knelt at the edge off the bed, face buried in the sheets and my ass in the air waiting for what I knew was going to be a ride to remember. 

He gripped my ass and spread me open positioning the head at my brown eye and began to push inside. My ass strained to accommodate the huge probe. He pulled out and drove in again and again, each time a sharp pain would drive the breath from me as my inner sphincter resisted the onslaught. Eventually he no longer pulled out and grabbing my hips in a viselike grip kept up the pressure and as I opened up and he sank into my depths, feeling like I was actually sucking his cock in. He drew back till just the tip was inside than drove back in, each time going deeper till half a dozen strokes had his hips slapping against my ass with a steady rhythm. My mouth hung open as I tried to focus on the incredible sensations he was producing, an incredible fullness, a burning heat that the friction of his stroking produced on my ass muscles and the pressure on my prostate. 

"God that feels incredible! Fuck me....Fuck my ass harder!" I cried, forgetting that I just might get what I asked for. I rocked back as he snapped his hips forward in perfect unison. Full deep strokes plowed my rectum.

I was lost in a daze, almost oblivious to the verbal abuse he was dishing out "Bitch....fucking pussy......gon'na tear this ass up....." I was only catching words here and there.

He broke off the fuck and we changed positions. He lay on his back and told me to fuck myself. I stood over him and began to lower myself to his pole and he barked me to turn around as he didn't need to see my dick. I turned my back to him and slid down his cock relishing in the re-stretching of my ass, which I at once learned to be my favorite part of anal sex. I love it when you take a few seconds to allow yourself to close and then slide a cock in slow and deep. I bounced up and down on his cock. He dug his fingers into my hips and began to pull me down as he pumped his hips up, driving himself into me his full length. I gasped and panted as he filled me. The tip of his cock hammered against my inner depths causing that deep, dull ache that only a big cock can provide.

Several minutes of riding his cock had my knees aching but I was not in a position to complain so I would pause on the down stroke every so often and rest with him buried to the hilt. He was in need of a change also and grabbing my hair pulled me face down flat on the mattress. Positioning himself between my legs he spread my thighs wide with his knees. His cockhead found my hole and with a steady lunge drove his prick in me full length, driving the breath from my lungs and began to fuck me with a vengeance as I groaned my approval. My prostate screamed and even without a hard-on I came with my dick crushed into the mattress. My ass clenched on his rod as I came but he kept fucking without acknowledging it. His stamina was incredible as I lay there in exhaustion as he kept up the assault on my ass. I listened to his heavy breathing and the steady smack of flesh on flesh and I was loving every second of it. He paused here and there, I assumed to let his orgasm subside but would again start up hammering my now worn out ass. 10-15-20 minutes went by and eventually his balls had to release their load. 

He pulled out and yelled "Flip over bitch, I'm gonna' cum again in that cock suckin' mouth of yours!" I did as ordered and he straddled my chest with his cock aimed at my face. He stoked his tool, the foreskin sliding back in forth over the purple head. I reached up and began massaging his balls and that sent him over the edge. Stream after steam of thick white cum shot form the slit coating my face from my chin to forehead. My tongue lapped at the delicious load and soon the last few drops slipped from the head into my open mouth. He stayed there basking in his orgasm as I lifted my head and took him into my mouth savoring the flavors of his cum and my ass. His sensitive cock jumped at my touch but he did not pull away as I nursed at his softening tool.

"Your cock is amazing, I want....no, I need you to fuck me. You can have my mouth and ass whenever you need to get off." I said, hoping this would not be a one night stand.

"As long as you keep it low key and do as you're told you'll get as much of this dick as you can handle." Those were his last words as he rolled over and crashed.

I licked and sucked his cock and balls clean and realized that I was meant to be a sub bottom. It may seem a little one sided but for me it works. Trey and I got together every so often, but not enough for my liking. I have bottomed for others but few who talked the talk could walk the walk. Trey was the only one who could fuck me to orgasm every time. I have finally found my place.