 This is the 1st in a short story series and thanks to help from shygirlwhore with ediditng.

*****

My name is Andy and I have been married for 25 years and I am 48 years old. I consider myself straight but recently I have been wondering what it would be like for another man to play with my cock, I am sexually adventurous and think I am open to most things and the idea of having a man doing exactly as I say really turns me on. 

So to start my adventure I placed an ad on craigslist and soon found myself filtering through about 20 replies, once I had discounted the weird responses I had 5 possible candidates.

One guy called Paul stood out as a married guy who wanted to try wanking and maybe sucking another man's cock.

I messaged Paul and we seemed to hit it off with the emails we exchanged, so we arranged to meet.

In the emails Paul seemed a bit submissive, so I told him what I expected when we met and he readily agreed.

The day of our meeting came and as I got into my car my hands trembled with excitement and nervousness as I put the key in the ignition. As I drove towards our rendezvous, my cock was rock hard in anticipation of what was coming.

I pulled up behind the blue Mazda and gave a quick flash of the lights.

The car door opened and out he got, he looked like any other bloke on the street and he had a kind of nervous smile.

He walked up to my car and got in the passenger seat, "Hi I'm Andy," I said "and I'm assuming your Paul."

"Yup that's me. Hi mate." 

We had already discussed how this was going to happen so I pulled out into traffic and said "Well come on, have a feel see if you like?"

Paul reached over and pushed his hand down my joggers and took hold of my cock, I let out a small sigh as another man touched my cock for the 1st time.

As he slowly fondled me I glanced at him and said "So how does it feel? Are you wanting to go through with this?" 

"Feels just as I imagined," Paul replied "Yes, I definitely want to go through with this."

So as Paul continued to play with my cock, I drove to a quiet area, I had found, to park. 

As soon as I parked I unfastened my seat belt and pushed my chair back, I lowered my joggers exposing my rock hard cock, "Well go on then, it's all yours." I said.

Paul immediately started wanking my cock with a steady slow stroke, while playing with my balls with his other hand.

After a few minutes a few drops of pre cum emerged from my tip, "That's what you have been waiting for so come on taste me?" I said, Paul leaned over and tentatively licked the tip of my cock, tasting my juices.

He continued licking my cock when I put my hand on his head and guided him down on to my cock; he took me in his mouth and slowly started to suck me.

"That's good." I moaned as he started to increase his speed. 

He sucked me for a good few minutes, when I pulled his head up off my cock and looked at him and said "I know you are unsure about me cumming in your mouth but it's my decision and I say you get to taste my cum." I pushed him back to my cock.

He let out a small moan and resumed his oral assault on my cock. 

He was bobbing his head up and down when that familiar feeling started; I grabbed his head "Slowly." 

I said as my cock erupted shooting what seemed like a gallon of cum into his mouth. He kept me in his mouth as my cum slowed down, "Now swallow." I said and without even pausing he swallowed my seed, he eased my cock out of his mouth and gave me a few last licks before I pulled up my joggers.

"Show me your cock?" I asked, he pulled his pants down and I could see the sticky mess and deflated cock, he had cum just from sucking me.

I drove him back to his car and as he got out I said "Text me if you want more. If you do I'm in control and you will do as I say, but I guarantee you will enjoy it."

As I drove away I knew he would text and I already had plans for the next time.