 After my encounter with Paul I drove back home and as I was walking into my house my phone bleeped with an incoming message, I looked at my phone and noted the text was from Paul, "That was quick." I muttered to myself.

I opened the text and read "Andy I really enjoyed sucking your cock and tasting your cum. Can't wait to do it again." 

I smiled to myself as I typed out my reply "Hi Paul. So you want more of my cock? Tomorrow night 6pm at my place but remember what I said I'm in control and you do as I say. Reply with one word yes or no." 

I put my phone down and grabbed a beer from the fridge and before I even opened it my phone bleeped again, message from Paul "Yes." smiling I text back my address and continued drinking my beer my cock stirring at what I had planned for tomorrow.

18:58- there was a knock on the door. I opened the door and there stood Paul looking nervous. 

"Come in," I said. "Follow me." I led Paul upstairs and in to my walk in wet room. 

"Strip." I said as I shed my clothes and moved in the shower area, as I turned the water on Paul shed his clothes and joined me.

I reached for some soap and started to wash Paul's body, I started washing his chest moving my hands up and down his torso getting ever closer to his now rock hard cock, I bypassed his cock and moved down washing his legs, I then told him to turn round and started washing his back, I moved my soapy hands down over his behind letting my fingers brush between his cheeks pausing briefly over his anus, this brought a small gasp from Paul.

I then moved my hands round to his front and grasped his cock with my slippery hands giving him a slow soapy wank.

Paul was now moaning and thrusting his cock into my hands. I took my hands off him and he started begging me to let him cum so I took him back into my hands again and began pumping his cock up and down, alternating from really slow to furiously fast, until Paul started shaking and gasping, I wanked his cock as slow as possible until Paul let out a groan and his cock spurted his cum in huge spurts, I continued stroking him for a few minutes until he got his breath back and calmed down.

"Now wash me." I said, Paul then copied the treatment I gave him, lingering on my bum rubbing his finger over my opening for a few seconds.

When he moved to my cock I let him wash me for a minute until I said

"Enough lets dry off and move to the bedroom."

I told Paul to lay on the bed on his back with his head near the bottom of the bed, he laid down and I leaned over him and grasped his cock again letting my cock and balls dangle over his face, I lowered my balls over his mouth and Paul eagerly ran his tongue over them sending a shiver down to my cock. As Paul caressed my balls with his tongue I stroked his erect cock again and gently massaged his balls.

My cock was now leaking precum so I rubbed my cock over Paul's mouth, "Lick me." I said. Rubbing the end of my dripping cock on his tongue.

I pushed my cock deeper into his mouth and he started to suck me, I stopped paying with Paul's cock so I could concentrate on the pleasure he was giving me. I didn't want to cum just yet so I slid my cock out of his mouth and once again moved my balls over his mouth for some attention.

Paul is now moaning as he attacks my balls with his tongue so I move forward slightly moving my anus towards his mouth. Paul doesn't miss a beat and his tongue probes my opening, licking on the edges before slipping in slightly causing me to gasp.

Paul is now pushing his tongue inside me and I start to wank my cock which feels like it's going to explode. I start to feel my cum rising so I move back and pump my cock until my cum erupts all over Paul's face and mouth. Paul lets out a gasp and his cock starts twitching and shoots out another load of cum, I rub my cock over Paul's face using it to push all my cum into his mouth which he eagerly devours, I lean over him and scoop his cum up with my fingers and rub it on my cock before again pushing it into his mouth.

I suck my fingers tasting cum for the 1st time, "Not too bad." I think to myself.

Paul lays there with a smile "Wow I enjoyed that, I like giving up control can,we carry on doing this?" 

"We've only just started. I have plans for you and if you trust me I will take you to pleasure so good you will be addicted to it." 

I let Paul shower and dress as I lay on the bed, I got up as he came into the room, "Before you, go kneel and put your hands behind your back." Paul knelt and I pushed my soft cock into his mouth and started to slowly slide it in and out, my cock started to harden and I held his head and started fucking his mouth occasionally causing him to gag as I pushed in too deep. 

"That's something you will have to work on," I said. "But for today this will do." I felt that familiar tingle and held his head steady as I pumped my load into his mouth, Paul swallowed and just a dribble escaped, but I soon pushed it into his mouth with my softening cock.

I walked him to the door "I will be in touch." I said closing the door as he left.