 This is the 3rd part in a short story series and thanks to help from shygirlwhore with editing.

*****

After Paul left, I got myself a beer and went back to my shower, as I stood under the water drinking my beer I thought about Paul and my plans for him.

I was amazed at how easily I had taken to this new situation and how much I enjoyed controlling another man and getting my cock sucked by him.

My wife was away for the next 2 weeks and I intended to use the time wisely, by having my cum slut as much as possible. 

Thinking about Paul sucking my cock and eating my cum soon had my cock growing, and as I stroked myself I was soon at my full 7 inches, but after a few minutes I decided to stop so that I could save my cum for tomorrow and Paul's eager mouth.

I got out of the shower and took a picture of my hard cock with my phone.

I sent the picture to Paul and then another text saying "12.30 tomorrow come to my place for your lunch."

Almost immediately I got a reply from Paul "I can't do that I will be at work tomorrow."

I looked at the reply and decided to see how much control I had over Paul so I didn't reply to his message.

It took about 20 minutes and then my phone pinged, another message from Paul "Did you get my last message? I can't make tomorrow I will be at work."

I thought about my reply and text back "That's fine, I will find myself another slut to eat my cum."

After 10 minutes or so a reply came back "No, don't do that, I will be there."

I didn't reply and decided to turn in for the night as I had a busy day planned tomorrow.

12:25 the next day there was a knock at the door, I opened it and there stood Paul.

"I told work I had a dentist appointment, I should be ok for the afternoon." Paul said as he walked into the house.

"Kneel," I told Paul as I unzipped my jeans and pulled out my cock, "you know what to do," I said.

Paul took hold of my cock and leaned forward and took my cock straight into his mouth, "Mmmmm," he mumbled as he started bobbing his head up and down on my cock.

"That's good," I groaned, I held Paul's head and started to fuck his mouth with slow steady strokes.

"Time to start your training," I said as I started to go deeper, causing Paul to gag on my cock as it touched the opening to his throat. "Breathe through your nose and relax," I said as I started to push even deeper.

Paul throat seemed to open up and suddenly my cock slipped in, I held it there for a few seconds and slid out, then paused again before sliding back in.

This continued for about 10 minutes and Paul seemed to be getting used to my cock in his throat, My god, this is fantastic I thought as I fucked my cock in and out of his throat. I pushed in and soon I was all the way in and my balls were pressing against Paul's chin.

I held my cock there for a few seconds and as I pulled out of Pauls mouth he let out a gasp, I stood there with my cock covered in Pauls saliva when he leaned forward and started fucking my cock with his mouth and throat, we were both moaning now and as I felt my cum starting to rise I pulled my cock out "Not yet," I said "You need to earn it."

"Upstairs, strip and shower." I said.

Paul went upstairs removing his clothes as he made his way to the shower room.

Paul stood under the shower stroking his already hard 6 inch cock looking hungrily towards me as I removed my boxers and joined him.

I moved his hand off his cock, "This is mine," I said. "I will tell you when you can touch it and when you can cum."

"Yes, anything you say." Paul replied.

I took the soap and started to wash Paul, once again concentrating on his cock and balls.

"Now there's something I want to try." I said as I knelt down and took Paul's cock in my hand. I started to slowly stroke his cock and Paul started to groan and let out a gasp as I moved forward and took the head of his now hard cock in my mouth.

Not bad,I thought as I sucked Paul's cock, it was hard but spongy at the same time. 

I continued sucking his cock, bobbing up and down on his length and pausing now and again to suck the end. Paul was moaning now and I could taste his pre cum leaking into my mouth.

I was tempted to take Paul's cum in my mouth but I had other plans for his load, so I pulled my mouth off his cock and stood up, "Now wash me," I said to a very frustrated Paul.

Paul started soaping my body and very soon was soaping my cock and balls and running one hand over my behind making sure his soapy finger paused over my opening.

He knelt down and once again my cock was pumping in and out of his mouth, Paul continued caressing my opening and slipped a soapy finger inside me working it and out, "Mmm, that's nice," I said as I held Paul's head and started to fuck his mouth.

Paul's searching finger found my prostate and he started rubbing over it giving me a pleasure I have never felt before.

"Jesus," I groaned. "Keep doing that," my cock was now leaking pre cum in a steady trickle and I slid my cock out so just the head was in Paul's mouth. Paul's finger was now pressing and rubbing my prostate with ever increasing pressure and with a big groan my cock started to shoot cum into his eager mouth.

"Oh God!" I groaned as I pulled my softening cock out of his mouth, Paul looked up at me as he swallowed my cum with a little murmur of appreciation.

"Bed now," I said. Paul moved to the bedroom and without bothering to dry off I pushed Paul on to his back on the bed, Pauls cock looked like it was ready to explode.

I grabbed his cock and started pumping it in a slow up and down motion, Paul started moaning and begging "Please, please." 

"Shall I stop?" I asked, pausing my pumping.

"No please, no." Paul said pushing his hips up trying to move his cock in my hand.

I started pumping his cock again but this time I went at a furious pace and after only 20 seconds or so Paul moaned"I'm cumming."

I immediately slowed my pumping to an agonisingly slow pace and Paul groaned as his cock stared to spurt a massive amount of cum into my waiting hand, I slowly pumped his cock until the flow of cum trailed off.

Paul looked at me "That was amazing, "he said.

"We are not finished yet." I replied.

"Have you ever tasted your own cum?" I asked.

Paul nodded, "Yes."

"Good," I replied.

I pushed my cock into my hand which held Paul's cum and massaged it all over it, I moved onto the bed and sat astride Pauls chest and pushed my cum covered cock towards his mouth.

I rubbed my cock over Pauls lips before pushing myself inside his mouth, "Mmmm, clean that cock." I said, as Paul hungrily sucked my cock clean of his own cum.

"Good boy," I said as my cock grew to its full 7 inches. I turned around and with my cock still in Paul's mouth I leaned over and took his soft cock which still had some of his cum on it into my mouth and started to suck it.

Pauls cum didn't taste unpleasant and sucking his cock when soft was different to sucking it when it was hard. Paul's cock soon started to harden due to my efforts and feeling his cock grow in my mouth was something I really enjoyed and I decided now that I've tasted his cum, why not feel his cock blow in my mouth.

Paul was busy sucking my cock and soon moved down to my balls and sucked and licked them wanking me at the same time, I edged forward a bit and soon Pauls tongue was flicking round my opening.

"That's nice," I groaned and pushed myself down urging Pauls tongue inside me.

Paul's was moaning and pushing his tongue in and out like a mini cock and I was starting to struggle with my control.

Pauls moaning intensified and I felt his cock start to swell and suddenly he gasped and his cock was spurting his cum into my mouth, despite having cum not long before there seemed to be a decent amount. I thought what the hell and swallowed the lot down. 

Paul's cock slid out of my mouth as I sat up over his head and started to pump my cock in and out of his mouth.Paul continued to tongue my opening, as I reached my climax I moved back and aimed my spurting cum all over his face.

"Fuck," I groaned as I moved off Paul and collapsed on the bed.

"That was bloody great," Paul said wiping the cum off his face with his fingers and sucking them clean, "God I love the taste of your cum."

"Yours isn't too bad either," I replied "But don't get used to me eating your cum, that was a treat and you have to earn treats."

"Don't worry I will," Paul replied.

To be continued.