 I lay on the bed next to Paul thinking how the last few days have changed me, and wondering what lay in the future.

I looked over at Paul and leaned over and took hold of his cock and started gently wanking him, his cock started to stir as I did this and within a couple of minutes he was fully hard.

Paul moaned "mmmm that's nice,"

I continued to stroke his hard cock and let my hand drift down to his balls, rubbing them gently and feeling the weight of them in my hands, they felt very similar to my own, and as I fondled them Pauls cock twitched as though it had a life of its own.

Paul was now constantly moaning and when I let my hand drift below his balls and brushed my fingers over his anus he gasped.

"Do you trust me," I asked him, "Oh yes," he replied " as long as you make me feel good, I am yours to do what you want."

I reached over to my bedside draws and got out a tube of lube and squeezed some out onto my finger.

I took Pauls cock back in one hand, and then started to rub my lubed up finger around his opening, Paul was now groaning with pleasure and his cock felt rock hard and the head was like a swollen plum.

I continued rubbing around his anus, teasing his hole but not penetrating, all the while slowly pumping his cock up and down.

I leaned down and took the head of his cock in my mouth and started slowly to suck him, as I sucked his cock I gently pushed my finger inside him.

Paul let out a gasp "oh god yes, that feels fucking great."

I slowly slid my finger back almost out, and then pushed back in and started gently to fuck his arse with my finger.

I kept this up along with my slow sucking of his cock for a few minutes and then I started to feel for his prostate, I soon found an small walnut size lump and started to rub it slowly.

Paul now started to moan "fuck, fuck, fuck," and his cock started to leak pre cum into my mouth, it tasted ok and I swallowed it down and increased my sucking and the pressure on his prostate.

I considered taking his cum in my mouth again, but decided that would wait for another time, so I pulled his cock from my mouth and started pumping his cock at a furious pace.

Within seconds Paul shouted "fuck I'm Cumming," and his cock started to jerk in my hand and his cum shot out like a fountain, cum splattered all over his chest and some even landed on his face its went that far.

"Jesus," Paul said as he lay there panting covered in his own cum.

I moved up to him and straddled his face and pushed my cock up to his face and stared to fuck his mouth.

I held his held as I continued to fuck his mouth and felt my cock slip into his throat a few times , causing Paul to gag slightly, but all I cared about was my pleasure and so I continued for a few more minutes, stopping when I felt I was close to Cumming.

I pulled my cock out of his mouth and once again moved my anus over his mouth, Paul happily obliged and started to tongue me as I slowly pumped my cock, keeping myself on the edge of Cumming.

Paul started to rub his finger alongside his tongue. and when it was nice and wet he slipped it inside me and went straight for my prostrate.

I move back so he could continue to finger my arse and I pushed my cock back into his mouth, "suck it slowly," I told him as I felt the pleasure rise.

As Paul slowly sucked me while rubbing my prostrate the pleasure was like a constant high and I never wanted it to stop, but I couldn't hold it back any more and the pleasure bubble burst and with a cry of pleasure, my cock started shooting cum like I hadn't cum for a month.

Pauls eyes widened in surprise at the amount of cum but he never stopped sucking and swallowed my load, moaning while doing it.

Paul slid his finger out of me but continued to gently suck my softening cock, until with a sigh he let it slip out of his mouth.

I collapsed back on the bed, totally spent.

I looked at Paul and he was grinning like the cat that had got the cream, and to be fair he just had. 

"I thought I just needed to get this out of my system," he said, "but I don't want this to stop."

"It doesn't have to," I replied " There is so much I want to do, and I want to push you to your limits, but I will always make sure you enjoy it and never do anything you don't want to," I told him.

"But remember," I said looking at him "you do exactly as I tell you."

Paul looked at me " it's a deal, when do we start," he said reaching for my cock.

To be continued.