 The story continues for Paul and Andy.

This is the 5th episode in a short story series and thanks to help from shygirlwhore with editing.

*****

As I laid there on my bed with Paul stroking my spent cock I glanced at the clock, "What time do you need to leave?" I asked him.

"Around 5, then my wife will assume I've just finished work as normal." 

"Good, that gives me a couple of hours." I said as I pushed Paul's head down towards my cock.

Paul started to lovingly lick my shaft from the tip right down to my balls, he did this for a few minutes and as my cock started to stir to life he sucked me into his mouth and started sliding his mouth up and down.

"God that's good." I moaned.

Paul pulled his mouth off my cock and looked at me. "I love sucking your cock" 

"Good," I replied. "you will be doing a lot more of it."

Paul resumed sucking as I moved down the bed and twisted myself around until I was sideways on and my face was level with Paul's now hard cock.

I took the time to have a real good look at his cock, it was stiff, and the foreskin was pulled back just behind the swollen head that looked red and angry.

I took hold of his cock and slowly pumped up and down, Paul moaned around my cock as I continued to pump him until pre cum started to slowly leak out. I moved closer and swiped my tongue over the swollen head tasting the sweet pre cum, I continued to lick up the cum as it oozed out and then moved closer and eased my mouth over the swollen head and started to suck him.

Paul "gasped" and my cock plopped out of his mouth " Oh god yes." Paul moaned as I slowly slid my mouth up and down his rock-hard cock.

I loved the feel of Paul's cock in my mouth and continued to suck him, and every few seconds taking his cock and flicking my tongue over the tip.

I could sense that Paul was getting close to cumming, so I pulled my mouth off his cock and rolled over on to my back.

"Not yet," I said as Paul looked at me with my cock still in his mouth.

"Get on all fours," I said, Paul pulled his mouth of my cock, giving me one last lick on the tip before placing himself on his knees with his head on the mattress.

I reached for the lube and squirted some onto Paul's anus, which twitched at the touch of the cold gel.

I slowly rubbed the gel around Paul's opening in a slow circular motion and pushed my finger just inside, Paul groaned and pushed back urging me to go deeper.

With my other hand I grasped Paul's cock and started to pump at the same time as I pushed my finger in all the way to the second knuckle.

Paul groaned "Ah fuck, yes."

I continue to work my finger in and out of Pauls arse as I caressed his cock, I worked a 2nd finger in getting another moan from Paul as I stretched out his hole, I was now sliding 2 fingers in and out of Pauls arse with some ease, while stroking his cock which now had a steady trickle of pre cum leaking out.

I slid my fingers out and reached over to my bedside cabinet, got a condom out and slid it on my now rock-hard aching cock.

I squeezed some lube into my hand and made sure my cock was well lubed and started to push my cock into Paul's opening. 

"Jesus." Paul said as I slowly eased my cock into his arse, he was tight, and his opening tried to deny me access as I pushed against it, for a few moments my cock and Paul's arse were at a stalemate when suddenly his arse opened, and I slid in.

Paul let out a guttural groan as I slid in and slowly pulled back before sliding back in again, I let my cock fully rest inside his tight arse so he could get used to me.

After a few moments I started to slowly slide my cock in and out, fuck I thought to myself, this is amazing, Paul's arse felt as tight as a vice grip.

I had only ever fucked my wife's arse a couple of times and it was almost clinical and to her seemed a chore and a favour to me and nothing like this.

This was completely different, I was now fucking Paul's arse at a steady pace, I grabbed his waist and really started to pound away, my cock must have been rubbing across Pauls prostate as Paul was now constantly moaning in pleasure.

He reached under for his cock and I pushed his hand away, "Not yet I want to try something else first."

I eased my cock back and his arse squeezed all the way until I popped out, "Turn over." I said.

Paul turned onto his back and I lifted his legs up on to my shoulders and eased my cock back in.

I started to fuck him again and this time I grabbed his cock and started a slow steady pace, pumping his cock up and down.

Paul was now moaning "Yes, yes, just like that," and I slowly wanked his cock while my cock ploughed his arse.

I could feel that Paul was almost there so I increased my pace on his cock pumping rapidly up and down until Paul tensed, "I'm gonna cum!" he yelled.

I buried my cock up to the hilt and held it there as Paul's cock started to shoot cum like he hadn't cum for a month.

Paul's cum shot all over his chest and some even landed on his face and in his mouth as he gasped with pleasure.

I slammed my cock into Paul's twitching arse for a few more seconds before I pulled out, ripped the condom off, moved up over Paul and with a shout shot my cum all over Paul's face.

"Fuck that was unbelievable," I said as I rolled onto my back next to Paul, who was wiping my cum off his face with his fingers and pushing it into his mouth.

We both lay laid there for a while, before Paul got up "I'm going to shower and then head home, fancy joining me?"

"In the shower or home with your wife." I said as I got up and moved towards the shower.

Paul laughed, "Not sure what she would think about that."

"Let's come back to that idea at another time," I said as I stepped in the shower. 

To Be Continued