 I was looking for a place to move into, and answered an ad for a place. I met up with the guy after work to look it over. He had been renting it for a while and was looking for a roommate to decrease his expenses. The place was good sized, clean, and had a bedroom for each of us. Chris was the guys name, and he was decent looking and fit. I'm pretty fit as well. I hit the gym 3-4 times a week. We talked about our workouts, and we got along pretty well. I liked him and the place, so I signed a lease with him to move in about a week later. When the time came I moved my stuff in. 

Things were cool for a while. I brought a few chicks in to fuck, making sure he heard me. I never heard him bringing a woman to fuck, so let him hear me do it. We each kept to ourselves, but I began to notice a few small things about him that annoyed me. He would leave dishes in the sink, sometimes his underwear would be left in the bathroom. Nothing big, but enough to get under my skin a bit. After a first few sleepless nights, I started sleeping hard, really hard. And for the first time since I was a kid, each day I woke up with a boner. One evening I was making myself dinner and Chris was watching something in the living room when I heard him yell to me "Mark, bring me a beer." No please, just an order. Before I could really think about it, I opened the fridge and pulled out a beer, and took it to him. Once I got back to the kitchen I shook my head wondering why I did that. 

The next day as I walked past him after work, Chris say "You should clean the bathroom." I didn't stop, and I didn't say anything, but went straight to the cabinet, pulled out supplies and scrubbed the bathroom from top to bottom. I didn't cross my mind that it was weird until after I was done. 

I went to make myself dinner to see Chris finishing up his. "Wash these when you do yours." He said and left. I made my dinner, ate, and washed his and my dishes. The idea I had just followed orders briefly passed my mind as I fell asleep, but left as soon as it came. 

The next day was Friday, and I had a tough one at work. I just wanted to get home and lay down. As I closed the front door behind me, Chris said "You should rub my feet." Automatically, I went over to him, got on the floor, pulled off his shoes and socks and started rubbing his feet. After I had been doing this for a while, Chris said "Keep rubbing my feet, but you can think and talk for yourself."

"What the fuck is happening?" I screamed. 

"Not so loud. And be respectful."

"What is happening to me sir?" Why did I call him sir? Shit, he told me to be respectful and I guess I had to be.

"I've taken control of your mind. You have a great body, you work out and you are very attractive. When you answered my ad, I decided you would be a great slave, so I let you move in. I've been programming you in your sleep."

"You said slave, sir."

"I did. You will be my slave. I'm going to have fun with you."

"Fun, sir?"

"Yes. You'll be my slave, you'll do everything I say, at once. But you will hate it. You're fucking straight asshole, and I'm going to make you do all sorts of things for me."

"You mean gay shit, sir."

"I mean all sorts of gay stuff. In fact, why don't you get naked." Chris gave me a wicked smile. 

I started stripping. "Why am I doing this? I don't want to take my clothes off."

"But I want you too. You see, I've programmed you to do everything I tell you. Automatically. You will obey without thinking, no fighting me, just doing it. I'm going to enjoy every minute of it."

"No, you can't, it's not right." I was pulling my underwear off, the last bit I had on.

"Not for you maybe, but definitely for me. In fact, let me show you just how much control I'll have. I want you to get down on all fours facing away from me."

"Nooo." I said as I did as ordered, my ass towards him.

"Now, put a couple of fingers in your ass, push them in and out and moan like a cheap whore. Beg me to fuck you with my big cock."

My fingers flew to my ass, shoved in and out "Ooo, muuunnnnn. Fuck me with that big cock, I need a big fat dick in my ass, pound me hard. Unnnnnggghhh deep, deep fuck me deep and hard, really pound into me." I couldn't fucking believe I was saying this. 

"Good boy." Chris said. "Now wiggle your ass and bark like a dog. Oh, and you can take your fingers out of your ass."

I pulled by fingers out, put my hand on the floor, wiggled by ass and went "Woof, woof, woof." Chris laughed at me. I kept barking "Bark, woof. Bark, bark woof."

"Stop now." I got my ass under control and shut up. 

"How did you do that, sir?" Fuck, I was still calling him sir.

"I have complete control over you, just like I said. You will do whatever I tell you. You will wish you could escape, but nothing will ever come to mind. You will never tell anyone unless I permit it. You will never let on in any way at work, or to any of the friends I let you keep, or anyone else in any way. In no way at all, no matter how subtle you try to be."

I was almost ready to cry. He had proven I was putty in his hands, and I wouldn't be able to fight him. "Why?" I asked. 

Chris laughed again. "Because I can, boy. Because I can." I didn't know what to say. "Now I think I want a blow job." Chris began to open up his pants. I crawled to him. As his cock came out, I saw it really was big. I opened my mouth, with a bit of a sob escaping. I took his cock in my mouth and began to suck. My tongue worked it. Tears actually started. I'm a strong man, but I couldn't take it. Chris laughed seeing me cry. "Yeah, boy, cry like a little baby. I'll make you do so much worse than just sucking me off. Faster now, I'm all horned up from finally getting you, so I want to shoot quick."

My head bobbed up and down on his big cock with speed, sucking wildly to get him off since that's what he wanted. With a groan, he shot in my mouth "Swallow it boy!" I swallowed. I'd never sucked a dick before, and I sure as hell had never drank cum. "Now, gently lick my balls, nice and slow." I couldn't believe I was doing it, but I did. He put his feet up on my back and leaned back. I was burning with rage. I thought about biting his nuts, but I couldn't do anything but lick them. 

Every second was a torment. I hated it, I had never touched another man before, much less done all of this. I was humiliated beyond belief. I don't know how long I knelt there before he ordered me "OK slave go make me dinner."

"Yes, sir." At least I was off his balls.

"Sir is so generic. How about Master? Yeah call me Master."

"Yes Master."

"Better yet, for a while, how about you always call me 'Hot Stud Master who I love to suck the cum from'."

"Yes Hot Stud Master who I love to suck the cum from." Fuck, fuck fuck.

"Get going slave. Your Master is is hungry."

"Yes Hot Stud Master who I love to suck the cum from." I headed to the kitchen to start his dinner. I heard him flip on the TV. I couldn't screw with his food. I thought about spitting in some of it, but I couldn't make myself do it. He must have thought of that and programmed me not to do anything. When I finished I wasn't sure what to do. I walked to the living room "Hot Stud Master who I love to suck the cum from, you dinner is ready." 

"Good boy." I felt a wave of pleasure over my body. He laughed. "Another little bit of programming. When I call you a good boy" again my body had a pleasure wave "you feel that. It's going to be a lot of fun for me." Chris sat at the table. "I think you should thank me for making you my bitch slave."

"Hot Stud Master who I love to suck the cum from thank you for making me your bitch slave." 

Chris laughed at me again. "I think I want some entertainment while I eat. Hump the back of that chair."

I started humping the chair. "Hot Stud Master who I love to suck the cum from, I can't believe you're making me do this." Well, I could still talk. But I kept humping.

"I know, but it's so amusing for me. Make like you're doing porn. If you're good I'll may you cum."

"Shit this is so embarrassing Hot Stud Master who I love to suck the cum from." But I was humping and grinding and posing. I was really putting effort into it.

"Oh yes, and it will get much worse for you. I'm going to really enjoy making you humiliate yourself just so I can laugh at you. Offering to let you cum is another trigger it makes you put your best effort into whatever I've told you to do. I don't even have to actually let you cum."

I started to actually cry. "Hot Stud Master who I love to suck the cum from, this is too much for me to take. I can't do it."

"Oh, yes you can. Because I said so. Now just moan like you're fucking."

I was limited to humping and moaning while he finished dinner. "You know what I like to do after a good meal? Have a good fuck." My blood ran cold. 

"Hot Stud Master who I love to suck the cum from, you're not really going to fuck me are you?" My voice almost cracked.

"Oh, yes I am. In fact, why don't you drop to you knees and beg me to to split you cherry open."

I fell to my knees and held my hands together in front of him. "Hot Stud Master who I love to suck the cum from please split my cherry open."

"That's good. Now crawl into my bedroom and get up on the bed." Chris smirked at me. I started crawling. 

"You have a good ass." Chris was following me. I felt like a piece of meat. When I got to his room, I crawled up on the bed. Chris threw his clothes off and jerked his cock. "This is going to hurt. I'm going in dry, hard, and rough."

"Hot Stud Master who I love to suck the cum from, please I've never been fucked, don't do this to me."

"Oh, but I want to, and it's going to be great watching you squirm under me."

"Hot Stud Master who I love to suck the cum from please don't, please. I'm begging you."

"Begging is good, and you'll be doing it a lot. But now I'm going to throw a fuck into you." Chris had a huge hardon and climbed up behind me. I felt his cockhead up against my asshole and it started to push in. 

I felt pain and screamed "Owwww!!"

"Stop yelling, and keep telling me how great it is that I'm fucking you."

"Oh Hot Stud Master who I love to suck the cum from it's great you are fucking me. It's the best, Hot Stud Master who I love to suck the cum from, fuck me long and hard." I started talking and felt his cock push further in, I felt like my hole was ripping open. Chris is long and thick, so it really hurt. But I couldn't stop telling him how great it was. I flushed red and I was crying again. He pushed in to the hilt, and I felt every inch, and there were a lot of inches. 

Once he was all the way in, he stayed for a moment, then began to pound me hard and fast. It was like being hooked up to a piston. All the time, I was telling him how great it was. I hated every second, but I had no choice. 

I don't know how long he kept fucking me, but finally with a primal yell he came deep in me. I felt his cum shooting, and it seemed like a lot, even though I had just sucked him off. How could he have so much cum? 

"Hot Stud Master who I love to suck the cum from it's great that you cum in me, deep in my ass."

"Shut the hell up boy." Chris pulled out and fell back on the bed. I got quite. "Now clean off my cock."

Oh god no. But my mouth went for his deflating dick and sucked it clean. When I finished Chris pushed me off the bed. "You sleep on the floor now boy." Chris rolled over and went to sleep.

I lay awake playing things over in my mind. I couldn't think of any way to get out of it. Chris had said I couldn't, and no plan came to my mind at all. I finally fell asleep in exhaustion and shame.