 "Wake up slave." Chris said, I did.

"Yes Hot Stud Master who I love to suck the cum from."

"Enough of that, just 'Master' now."

"Yes, Master."

"Now get up here and slowly worship my cock."

I started to crawl up onto the bed, dreading that I would not just be sucking his cock, but 'worshipping' it. "Yes, Master." I put my mouth on his cock and began to slowly move up and down on it, using my tongue to stimulate it. My lips massaged the shaft and head. 

"Ahh, this is great." Chris said, putting his hands behind his head. "You keep that up I'm going to enjoy it. Don't forget the balls."

My mouth was full, but I gurgled "Yes, Master" and kept on. I could really study it now, long and thick with strong veins. I lapped at the balls, sucking the skin, as I couldn't quite get the big things into my mouth together, just one at a time. Chris relaxed and enjoyed my work, and he did so for a long time. He was having the pleasure, I was working hard and getting a stiff neck, all aching. I kept going on and on, as my pain wasn't his problem. He had no concern for me. I had dreaded this slow job as he wasn't just wanting to get off, I was just going on so he could feel good. It seemed I couldn't keep my eyes closed either, so I was forced to look at his cock and pubes. I started to learn all the veins and everything with it.

After a very long time Chris ordered me "Now, climb up and impale yourself on my cock."

My body was aching. I had glanced at the clock as I started, and I had been doing this for over an hour. "Master, my ass is still sore from you fucking me last night, please don't make me do this." 

"I don't give a fuck you piece of shit, just do as you're told."

"Yes, Master." My ass really hurt, but I had no choice. I lined up over his dick, and used my hand to line it up to my ass.

"Plunge down on it fast slave, I don't care about your sore pussy."

"Yes, Master." I plunged down fast, letting out a groan of pain. Fuck it hurt.

"Up and down slave. Fuck yourself on my pole."

"Yes, Master." I began to fuck myself on his dick. Damn, it was humiliating. 

"Track 1, on a loop." Chris said. 

I instantly wondered what he meant, as it sounded like something you would tell Alexa. Then I heard myself saying "I'm Marky the fuck-toy. Use my holes and not your hand. I do whatever you say because I'm so dumb. Use me hard and use me rough. Put your dick where ever you want. Fuck me long and take your pleasure. I'll do anything you say since I'm a slave. I'm Marky the fuck-toy. Use my holes and not your hand. I do whatever you say because I'm so dumb. Use me hard and use me rough. Put your dick where ever you want. Fuck me long and take your pleasure. I'll do anything you say since I'm a slave." 

My face showed my puzzlement and Chris laughed at me. "You dumb shit, I've programmed you with some tracks when I want you to say something specific. That's just the first one. I have several, and I can put new ones in anytime I want." Frustration added into my expression. "When you're on a track, that's all that all you can say until I turn you off. Now fuck harder, I want to shoot up your pussy."

"I'm Marky the fuck-toy. Use my holes and not your hand. I do whatever you say because I'm so dumb. Use me hard and use me rough. Put your dick where ever you want. Fuck me long and take your pleasure. I'll do anything you say since I'm a slave." I had no control over what I was saying, it just kept coming out, but I started bouncing up and down on his cock faster than before since he had ordered me too. I kept up my repeating the embarrassing words as Chris lay back still with his hand behind his head and me doing all the work. My thighs started to hurt with the effort. My ass was in pain from the fucking, and my neck and shoulder ached from working on his cock. I was in misery. 

After over 15 minutes he finally came in my ass, and I kept bouncing up and down repeating my track. After he caught his breath he ordered "Shut up and clean my cock." I silently went down to clean him off. 

Chris pushed me off the bed and I fell on my ass, following up with and order "Go make me breakfast. And keep your stupid mouth shut." I started to get up. Chris rebuked me "Crawl slave, until you get to the kitchen." I crawled, only able to stand when I got to the kitchen. As ordered, I started breakfast. I was finishing up the cooking when Chris entered the room, wearing shorts and a tee shirt. He smirked. "Set the table like you are my servant. Well, you are my servant, fucker." I did, turning to him when I was finished. Chris still had a smirk on and held something up. "Time to collar you." He was holding a dog collar, which he put on me. "Thank me for collaring you like the stupid dog you are."

"Thank you for collaring me like the stupid dog I am, Master." I did everything he said as soon as he said it. Fuck I was screwed. 

Chris sat down. "There will be a lot of rules you will be living by. You will remember all of them. When you serve me breakfast, you will set it up nicely like this, then get under the table and suck on my feet while I eat."

"Yes, Master." I said as I got down on my hands and knees and crawled under the table. I wanted to fight, but my body didn't respond to me, but to whatever he told me to do. I had rubbed his feet last night, but now I had to lick and suck them. My tongue went out and began to lick his toes. It was humiliating, and disgusting. But I couldn't stop. My mind revolted from what I was doing, but I had no choice. I didn't seem to have a choice about anything now. Even if I tried to disobey, my body didn't respond to me, but to this man who had programmed me. I couldn't even control my own mouth as he could command me to say things or be quite. 

I kept sucking on his toes while he ate. When he finished, he stood up, pulling his feet away. I started to skuttle after them, since my last order was to suck them. Chris laughed at me and backed up. My mouth lead me to follow him, still on my hands and knees I felt so stupid. 

Chris kept laughing, and backing up so I had to try to keep my mouth on his feet. "It's so great you stupid shit, you have to do whatever I tell you." The laughs cut me inside, really making me feel helpless. "Stop trying to suck my feet now slave." I hated him calling me slave, but I sure was acting like one. I just stayed where I was, I was so tired from everything I had done, and it was still just the morning. "Now stand up." 

"Yes, Master." I stood up. 

Chris had a smirk on his face. "Hop on one foot." 

"Yes, Master." I started to hop on one foot. I felt like a fool. 

"Now do your arms like a monkey and loop track 2."

Oh fuck, what was track 2? I guess I was about to find out "I'm your stupid slave Master, I'm a fuck toy and your plaything. I'm your pet and absolute slave, who will do anything you wish as soon as you say it. I'm a fucking idiot who needs to be told what to do since I'm such a dumb bitch. I exist only for your amusement. Whatever you want me to do, I do. I am just a stupid toy for my Master, and Master's property to do whatever Master wants. I have no will and no brain since I'm a stupid dumb fuck. I'm your stupid slave Master, I'm a fuck toy and your plaything. I'm your pet and absolute slave, who will do anything you wish as soon as you say it. I'm a fucking idiot who needs to be told what to do since I'm such a dumb bitch. I exist only for your amusement. Whatever you want me to do, I do. I am just a stupid toy for my Master, and Master's property to do whatever Master wants. I have no will and no brain since I'm a stupid dumb fuck." Damn, that was worse than the first track, and I was acting like a fool hopping on one foot and monkeying my arms. Chris laughed at me. And my dick was flopping up and down as I did this, I was devastated by what I was being made to do.

I kept this up for a while before Chris ordered me "Stop now and crawl into the living room slave."

"Yes, Master." I said while I got down and crawled after him into the living room. 

Chris sat down on the sofa and pointed to a spot in front of him. "Kneel there with your hands behind your head."

"Yes, Master." I got into position. 

Chris looked at me, still smirking. "Having fun, slave?"

"No, Master, I hurt all over, my ass is raw and I've been humiliated beyond belief." I said to him.

"Good, that's what I want to hear. It's so much better for me that you hurt in body and soul."

"But Master, I never did anything to deserve this."

"No, you didn't except being a straight prick. You're paying for all the straights out there, I get to play with you all I want, and you are completely helpless to anything I want to do to you."

"Master, that's not fair." It was the only thing I could think to say.

"I don't fucking care. You're my toy, and I'm going to use you any way I want. Now I want to be rimmed. Do you know what rimming is?"

"No, Master." Whatever it was, I know I was going to hate it.

"Rimming is licking ass, getting your tongue into my ass so I feel really good. I'm going to be nice and be on my stomach this time, so you're not bent under me. But later I'll be sitting comfortably and you will have to get your mouth on my ass wherever I am, no matter how difficult it is for you."

"Master..." I started.

"Shut the fuck up and tell me I'm super nice to you for letting you rim me."

"Master you are super nice to let me rim you."

"Good slave." Chris said. "Now thank me for turning you into my fuck toy."

"Thank you for turning me into your fuck toy Master."

Chris laughed at me, pulled down his shorts and rolled onto his stomach. "Get going slave. Make me feel good."

"Yes, Master." I said as I drove for his ass. I pulled his ass cheeks apart and put my mouth on his asshole. I recoiled internally but I had no choice. My tongue came out and I started licking his hole. I hated the action, and I hated the taste, which was earthly, but at least didn't taste like shit. 

I was licking for a while when Chris said "Rimming means you get your tongue in my chute dumbfuck."

I mumbled "Yes Master" as my tongue went into his ass chute. I shuttered as I degraded myself further. Chris just sighed in contentment. I rimmed him for well over an hour.