 Rimming was horrible, but I had no choice. I didn't have choice in anything anymore. Chris was enjoying my work and my humiliation. The only good part was that I was in a relatively easy position so my sore body got to rest some. But at such a high cost. 

I'm sure Chris dozed while I continued. He was enjoying himself at my expense. After well over an hour he moved and ordered me "OK stop now, get on your knees with your hands behind your head."

"Yes, Master." Why was I calling him Master so much? I must be part of the programming. 

Chris sat up and smirked at me. "This is kneeling display. You'll get in this position when you're not actively obeying any other order. Now stay put." Chris got up and left the room. 

"Yes, Master."

Chris returned a few minutes later with something in his hand. He stood over me. "Look at me slave."

"Yes, Master." I couldn't tell what he had.

"I'm going to introduce you to a new part of your programming. Sometimes, I'm going to want you to act a particular way. 'Slut mode', for example, makes you act like a total slut for cock, you'll do anything to get dick in your mouth or pussy. You'll take any dick you can get, no matter what. You'll have even less control over your body and voice than you have now." My face showed shock. Chris laughed. "It will be great for me. I can put you in a mode and enjoy myself, but you will be acting the way I want you to. See I'm being so nice to you. You won't have any control at all. Thank me for being so nice that I will sometimes take even more control over you."

"Thank you for taking even more control of me Master." I said and Chris laughed again. 

"Just now, I want some entertainment. There is nothing on TV so you get to amuse me. Tell me you're happy to humiliate yourself for me to enjoy."

"I'm happy to humiliate myself for you to enjoy, Master." Damn, just talking like this was degrading. 

"Do you know what this is?" Chris held up what he had brought in. 

"That's a dildo, Master." Shit, what was he going to make me do now? Nothing good, I'm sure and I knew it was going to be bad for me. 

"That's right dumbass, take it." He held it out to me.

"Yes, Master." I'd handled some before, of course, but only when using them on women. 

"Now, it's your boyfriend, so go into Boyfriend Mode and start making out with your boyfriend." Chris broke into a laugh as he gave me this order. 

I quickly found out, as I started to passionately kiss the dildo. I really did have even less control than I had before - not that that was much. I had to look completely stupid trying to kiss a fucking dildo. My tongue was going up and down and my lips were active. I was pouring all my skill into making out with this thing. I only did this when I was trying to turn a chick on and I thought good kissing would get me in her pants. 

Chris sat down and smirked at me, I was completely unable to stop, anyone seeing me would think I was in complete love with the dildo. 

My body was moving of its own accord. I could tell my body wasn't under even as much control as I had before. When Chris gave me an order before, I could feel myself making myself do it, but now my body was doing it all on its own. 

Oh, fuck, I was getting a boner. It must have been me kissing my 'boyfriend', so it was supposed to turn me on. I was getting hard and I couldn't control it. I even began to hump my hips slightly. Chris laughed out loud again. I couldn't stop. I couldn't do anything but look like I was really into kissing the dildo. 

I don't know how long I kept this up. Chris seemed to be enjoying himself, but I was totally demeaned by what I was doing. I went on so long my mouth was getting dry. Finally Chris said "You boyfriend is a top, get him to fuck you now."

Oh, fuck. "Yes, Master." I stopped kissing it and moved it to my ass. Double-fuck, it was going into me dry, and I was going to have be be fucking myself with it. I had a mental sob as I started to shove it in. It hurt bad. I got it in finally, took a deep breath to adjust as it was so far up my ass. Than I started to move it in and out. It was even worse to fuck myself than to get fucked. When I was being fucked by Chris he was doing it, and I was just taking it. Now I was doing it to myself. 

Shit, I then started moaning like a bitch in heat. That's what I wanted out of chick when I fucked her, but I never wanted to be the one making those sounds. It as a long dildo, so I was getting fucked deep, I could feel it in my guts. I groaned like I was enjoying it, but I wasn't. I kept fucking myself. Under his total control, I couldn't stop, I had to keep going. And the worst part (like there was a good part) was that the dildo wouldn't cum, so I'd have to keep it up until Chris told me to stop. It wouldn't shoot and be done. The thought depressed me. 

My ass had been hurting from being fucked that morning, and it had hurt then from my first fucking last night, this didn't help and I knew my ass would never be the same again. I was going to be stuck doing this forever. 

I wore myself out and was exhausted, my ass was killing me and my arms were ready to give out. I had switched so I could keep fucking myself. Finally Chris let me stop with "You can stop now, Boyfriend mode off."

I just collapsed on the floor, breathing heavy. My dick pressing on my stomach made me realize I had been hard the whole time. How did that happen? It wasn't turning me, the real me, on. I was straight, and in too much misery to have been turned on. What was he doing to me? 

"You should cuddle you boyfriend a little bit after he fucked you so good. You don't want me turn Boyfriend Mode back on do you?" Chris said to me, wickedly. 

"Yes, Master." I couldn't believe it, but it was like I had some choice, as my movements were more under my control, but the threat was enough for me to obey this command without him making it a full order. I rolled to my side and brought the dildo up to my chest, cradling it and patting it like a lover. Chris chuckled. 

"That's going to be a fun mode to put you in. I wonder what else I can make your boyfriend. Oh, don't worry, you'll get some more dates with your dildo-lover, and there will be others. It might even be fun to get you to date two at once, that would really give you a workout."

"Please don't do that to me Master." I felt begging was the only thing I could do. 

"Oh, you don't like that do you? You'll find I don't give a shit about what you want. It's all about me. In fact tell me your feelings don't matter at all, it's all about me."

"My feelings don't matter at all Master, it's all about you." He made me say the most horrible things. 

"Say it again slave."

"My feelings don't matter at all Master, it's all about you." 

"You will find that I will just push you, I'm not going to consider what you want no matter how much you beg. You will never escape. It's not even crossed your mind that you can walk out the door has it?"

"No, Master." And just after he said it the idea slid out of my mind. All I could remember is that he had given me a way I might escape, but I couldn't recall it any more than I could think of a way to get out on my own.

"I want to put my feet up. Hands and knees so you can be a footstool."

"Yes, Master." I had just a little energy back, and it was hard obeying the order. But I did. Chris put his feet on my back and turned on the TV. 

He left me there while he flipped through the channels, and I was able to get a little strength back. I wallowed in my misery while he relaxed. He had to feel like the king of the world.

Chris watched TV for a while, then said "I think we need to add a bit of humiliation to this for you. Turn so you can get my cock in your mouth."

"Yes, Master." I moved around so my face was in his crouch. He didn't lift his feet, just adjusted them. 

"Don't suck, just leave put my dick in your mouth and hold it there. That's a good boy." 

"Yeash, Masterah." I mumbled around his dick. Just staying there, I knew this could go on for a long time. If he didn't want me to suck him, he could have me holding his cock in my mouth for hours.