 Work was no longer any type of escape from my torment. Before I had started taking cocksucking lessons from Mike, I was able to have some semblance of a normal life while I was at work. That was gone now. Mike was there, and the mere sight of him reminded me of my situation. I had some normalcy when I was driving or doing the grocery shopping, but that wasn't a lot of time. And grocery shopping was a constant reminder of why I was doing it.

Mike seemed to really enjoy teasing me at work. I would catch him smirking at me, and sometimes he would grab his crotch. No one but I would notice, and it would fill me with dread and shame. 

Thursday turned out to be much worse than I could have dreamed. First I ran into Mike in the bathroom. He was taking a piss when I came in. He saw me and gave me a shit-eating grin. He finished and turned to me, his dick out. "Get on your knees, faggot." 

"Yes, sir." I got down in front of him. 

"Kiss it."

"Yes, sir." I kissed the tip of his cock. Mike laughed, zipped up and went to wash his hands. He left me there until he went to the door. 

"You can get up now." He said as he went out. I was humiliated. Mike had been threatening to use me at work, and now he had. No one saw us, but I was frightened that this wasn't the end of it. Now he really had a taste of it, and I was sure he'd be doing more to me. Rather than just teasing me, he would be using me. 

After work, I was at his place taking a lesson. Today was deep throating, and I was having to force my head down on his prick and gag myself. Mike found it amusing, and was laying back laughing at me. 

"What the fuck?" I heard a new voice and my guts turned to ice. I froze.

Mike slapped me on the back of the head. "Keep going bitch." I went back to gagging myself. "I'm giving cocksucking lessons."

The new voice replied "I can see you getting blown. So you're a teacher now?"

"Dude, you know I know my way around a cock. This is one of the assholes from work. Turns out he's an owned slave, could have knocked me over with that. His owner decided he needed to learn how to suck cock, so I'm teaching."

"He's just choking now."

"Yeah, he's a slow learner. I've decided he has to learn how to shove it down his throat if he can't make a dick feel good." Mike hit the back of my head again. "Get up and show Jim your helicopter, bitch."

"Yes, sir." I said as I pulled my mouth off his dick, getting up and putting my hands behind my head and spinning my hard dick around.

Jim flopped down on the couch next to Mike, both laughing at my performance. I was mortified that yet another man was watching me degrade myself. How many guys would be seeing, and using me?

"How long will he keep that up?" Jim asked.

"As long as I want him to. It's great. I can make him do anything. Watch this. Bitch, bend over and show my roommate your pussy."

"Yes, sir." I turned around, bent over and spread my cheeks. My face turned red and I had to gather strength to keep from crying. 

Jim laughed. "He's respectful."

"Yeah, his master says he has to do anything I tell him. I can even fuck him whenever I want." Mike said.

"Damn, I could use a fuck." Jim got a wicked smile on his face. He certainly wasn't waiting around. Was I such an easy target?

"Go right ahead. We'll make it part of the lesson. He'll force his throat on my dick while you fuck him. We'll see how well he does while getting plowed. Bitch, get back on my dick."

"Yes, sir." I turned around and got back on my knees, only to be slapped across the face. 

"Stupid faggot. Get up so Jim can fuck you easily."

"Sorry, sir. Yes, sir." I got up, bracing my arms against the couch as I started to force his prick painfully down my throat. Jim didn't wait, but quickly pulled his pants down, spit on his dick, and just shoved in like I was some sort of fleshlight. I screamed as the force of his thrust pushed me further down Mike's cock, gagging me worse than I had been doing myself. It felt like Jim was tearing my ass open, he must be really hung. 

Besides my recent forced watching of gay porn, my experience in seeing guys' dicks was all from the gym. I had figured I was on the larger side, so why was I getting plowed by such big dicks? If I was going to be used by anyone Chris wanted, why couldn't at least one of them be small.

Mike and Jim were laughing at me. How did I fall so far to get a couple of kids using me for their amusement? I was gagging out spit and couldn't control my dives onto Mike's dick, since Jim was pushing into my ass like he hated me. It felt like a cluster fuck. I was getting heavily pounded while I was trying to obey my orders to force down on Mike, but the fucking kept throwing me off rhythm. My knees almost felt like buckling and I was worried I would fall down with the abuse. 

Mike slapped my head again. "Do a better job you piece of shit." 

Jim added in by slapping my ass. "Yeah, clench that pussy." I had to try, since I had to obey orders. I wasn't sure how to do this, but I gave it a shot. How much of a slut was I becoming? 

I felt all the inches Jim had as he kept fucking me. I felt all the inches Mike had as I shoved them down my throat. My ass and throat were stretched. I had nearly two feet of cock in me treating me like a sex toy. My arms were wearing out. These guys just kept going, not being in any rush to finish using me. They were laughing and making comments of how worthless I was. Not able to suck cock, not able to clench my pussy. 

My body felt battered, I don't know if it would have been worse if they were just hitting me. I was spitting up phleam like crazy, tears forced out of my eyes, sweat pouring off my body. More and more dick was going in me. My life was dick now, I was degraded beyond belief. I was an object, a cumdump. Damn, my mind was spiralling down. I had been forced to beg to cum, and now I was being a tool for a couple of guys who were shoving their dicks in me like I was a cheap bitch. All of this was Chris's fault. I hated him, like I was hating my life now. And Mike and Jim. I think I hated everyone. But there was no way out of this. I had never been able to think of any way out of this mess. 

Jim pushed hard and kept going, forcing me deep into Mike's pubes. Once he had me there, he just moved back and forth, grinding me against Mike's junk. This sent them both into new peals of laughter. How long had they been doing this to me? I had lost track of time, but my weary body told me it was quite a while. They had some stamina. You would think getting to use me like this would make them pop off quickly, but they were not in any rush. My legs were shaking. And my arms. I don't know how much longer I could have gone on when Jim let out a roar and stayed deep in my ass as he unloaded his cum into my body. That finally sent Mike over the edge and he came in my mouth, pulling my head down to force it deep into my stomach. 

When they pulled out, I fell to the floor, trying to catch my breath. As soon as I had a bit of control, I crawled up and went to clean off Mike. I had orders to always clean up my men, and I had to lick his cock, balls, and around his legs to clean up the mess I had made. 

Jim went "Holy fuck, what a cheap bitch."

"Yeah, he's worthless, but obedient. He's got a lot of learning to do in order to please a real man." Mike liked insulting me as well.

"Fag needs a lot of teaching." Jim said.

"He sure does, I've been doing this all week, and he's barely made any progress." Mike replied.

"So he's a stupid slut who can't even do his damn job." Jim said. I was licking under Mike's balls going after some spit that had drooled down there. 

"True. You should see him at work. Used to be all cocky, now he's on his fucking knees before a real man. Every time he sees me at work he goes red knowing he's got my babymakers in him. It's great to watch. I get to play with him like that all day." Mike told his friend. I knew he was messing with me. 

I finished cleaning up Mike, and went to Jim. I started licking his junk to clean him up and he laughed at me again. "This is some service. Getting cleaned up by the whore."

"His owner has trained him pretty well, but didn't want to take the time to get cocksucking down. I'd guess he just got tired of all the work. The fag is such a piece of shit he must be worn out making him into something of any value." Mike kept insulting me.

"So you're doing the world a favor." Jim said.

"You bet. When I'm done with him, he'll be able to get anyone off with just his mouth. It'll be his true calling in life. Down on his knees taking dick after dick 24/7." Mike laughed. I thought what a hell that would be. Not that my current life wasn't hell. 

I finished cleaning up Jim and leaned back. Jim was about Mike's age. A bit thin, but with some muscles. 

"OK fucker, pay me and get out." Mike hit the back of my head again. He loved doing that.

"Yes, sir." I said, going for my wallet. 

"He pays you?" Jim asked Mike.

"Yeah. Owner's orders. I ain't giving this away for free." Mike said with a superior tone.

"Fucking aces, man." Jim gave Mike a high five.

I handed Mike his money and rushed to get my pants on and my shirt around me, carrying the rest of my clothes. I just wanted to get out of there. I half ran to my car, taking a deep breath as I got behind the wheel. I looked at the clock when I turned the car on. Fuck! I was almost an hour late. Chris was going to be furious at me. I put the car in gear and got going. 

Chris had made it clear that my lessons were not excuse for him having a late dinner, and there was no way I was going to make it. Chris was going to punish me. I was in so much trouble. This day had started bad and gotten worse. And now it was going further downhill. What was I going to do?

When I got to the house I left the clothes I wasn't wearing in the car and ran to the door, pulling my shirt off. Inside, I jumped out of my pants and fell to my knees. As quickly as I could, I crawled to Chris who was sitting on the couch. "Master, I am sorry I'm late. Please don't punish me. I'm so sorry. Sir Mike's roommate came in and fucked me as part of my lesson. Please don't punish me. I'm so sorry Master. Please don't be mad at me. Please Master." I was kissing his feet as I was doing this. And I was doing this on my own. Chris hadn't ordered me, but I wanted to bypass whatever he had in mind for me. 

Chris turned off the TV and looked down at me. He had this grin on his face like he had just won a big victory. I guess he had. He knew I wasn't being compelled to do this, I was doing it on my own. What had I become.

"OK, slave, I won't punish you for being late. Go get my dinner ready." Chris leaned back.

"Yes, Master. Thank you, Master." I kissed his feet and crawled to the kitchen. It had worked. I had gotten out of punishment. I could hardly believe it. I got started on his dinner. 

As usual, I was in my Chippendale cuffs and standing like a waiter while he ate. When he finished he looked at me. "Did you blame a man for your failing to be here on time?"

Oh, shit. I had thought I had gotten out of it. I was panicking. "Master, I..... yes, no? I don't remember Master." I fell to my knees. "Please don't punish me Master, I'm so sorry."

Chris broke out in a grin. "Stay down there slave. You're lucky. You didn't actually blame them. It's fun watching you squirm. So, Mike let his friend fuck you?"

"Yes, Master. I think he's Sir Mike's roommate. He came in during my lesson and Sir Mike said he could fuck me."

"Very right. Mike can let anyone he wants fuck you. He can do anything he wants to you, you understand me?"

"Yes, Master." 

"What was your lesson today?"

"Sir Mike was teaching me to deep throat. I had to push his cock down my throat and gag myself. When Jim..."

"Sir Jim." Chris interrupted me. 

"When Sir Jim came in he found me choking on Sir Mike's cock, and Sir Mike decided I should get fucked so I can learn to deep throat while getting fucked."

Chris laughed. "That's a valuable skill. One you certainly will need. You have two holes, there will be plenty of times both will be in use." My eyes got big. Chris was planning on using me with other people. I'd had three cocks already, and it seemed I would be getting more. "Did you pay Jim for the lesson?"

"No, Master, am I supposed to pay Sir Jim?"

"Yes, I think you should. You'll have to find a way of making it up to him for not paying on time slave."

"Yes, Master." What was I going to do to make it up to Jim? What would they do to me when they found out I had to pay Jim as well?

"Get to your chores." Chris left me to work. 

Friday at work, Mike delivered my mail and whispered to me "Jim is looking forward to your lesson today."

"Yes, sir." I answered. My heart sank thinking of what would happen to me. 

After work, I followed Mike into his apartment, stripped and started to helicopter my dick. I kept going, he just sat back and smirked at me. He didn't let me stop to get started on my lesson. What was he waiting for? He usually had me do this for a minute or so, but now I had been going for like 10. I was getting tired. 

The door opened and Jim came in, joining Mike on the couch. They both watched me. Mike said "Waited for you bro. Look at the dipshit."

"Fucking great. How long has he been doing this?" Jim asked.

"About 10 minutes. It's fun to watch." Mike replied. I was just an object of amusement to them. Fuck my life.

"Sure is. But I'm ready to get my dick sucked." Jim said.

"You heard the man, asshole." Mike said to me.

"Yes, Sir." I got down on my knees and opened Jim's pants. I pulled out his dick and took it in my mouth, starting to suck on it. 

"Now, use your tongue to like rub all over the shaft." Mike instructed me, and I had to obey. 

"Yeah, up and down the whole shaft, get it all." Jim added. I made sure to get all of the fairly long shaft. Damn, there was a lot of dick. Long and thick, I had a lot of ground to cover. 

"OK, do the same just over the head." Again, I obeyed. 

The lesson went on, now I had two men giving me instructions as I worked on Jim's dick. After a long time, I was ordered to switch over to Mike's dick. They had decided Jim wasn't the only one to have fun. More instructions. I could tell they were enjoying every minute. And it wasn't just my blowing them, it was getting to boss me around. 

When they decided my lesson was over, my lips were wrapped around Mike's dick. Jim got up and stuck his dick in my ass. He fucked me rough with Mike ordering me to be gentle on his dick. It was hard to softly suck a cock while getting roughly pounded in the ass. I'm sure that order was just to stress me out. I felt the big dick pushing my guts around. At least I was on my knees this time, which gave me some leverage. Jim was kneeling as well, but he was getting to fuck. I was the fuckee. 

When Jim came in me, I was moved around so I could clean off and suck Jim while Mike fucked me. I guess fucking was going to be a new part of my lessons. That meant I'd be fucked multiple times each day. I was so glad when Mike shot in me. I cleaned him off as they laughed and insulted me. 

I handed Mike his money, then turned to Jim. "Sir Jim, my Master says I am to pay you, and that I should have paid you before. To make it up to you, I have doubled the fee, so here is $150." Jim grabbed the money and they both laughed at me. 

"If you owed me money yesterday, you need to be punished." Jim said as I was putting my clothes on. "Drop the pants." I did, stepping out of them. 

Jim got on a chair. "Over my lap. You need a spanking"

"Yes, Sir." Damn, another spanking. And I was sure they were going to like spanking me, so it was going to be a regular thing. Mike was rolling in laughter, holding his sides. I bent over Jim's lap. 

Jim brought his hand down on my bare ass, leaving a red handprint. He came down again, hitting my other cheek. Jim was laughing as he spanked me. He spanked me about a dozen times. My dick was hard, since I was sexually serving. "He's hard." Jim said between laughs. That sent Mike into further hysterics. When he was done he pushed me off onto the floor. "Get out of here, asshole."

"Yes, Sir." I rushed to get home. When I did, Chris had a good laugh at my red ass.