 It was late and I was feeling three sheets to the wind after spending most of the night tying one on. Many shots of Jack and a few spliffs later I knew I had to get home and crash. 

Sluggishly I made way home and thought of all the hotties at the party with their less than body covering apparel barely holding in their gifts. Nipples and navels were out on display for all to see and I thought my jeans might bust from my raging hard on that I sported most of the night.

Finally I made it back home, the soft light of the stove my only guidance as I staggered to the couch and crashed. I lived in a two bedroom apartment with my roommate Greg who was supposed to be gone for the weekend up island to his parents. I didn't even have the energy or will power to turn on the television so I just started to nod off on the couch. 

With my head spinning I couldn't tell whether the noises I was hearing were real or just remnants from the loud party still playing in my ears. My body was as heavy as lead and my head was spinning in the pleasures of alcohol and drugs. I giggled for a second thinking to myself if someone robbed me right now that I was much too stoned to even get my ass of the couch. 

It didn't take long before I felt the familiar feeling of my heavy eyelids as they began to droop down and cover my eyes. My dreams started dancing through my thoughts and I was lost in a wonderful dream. The beautiful blonde with the massive tits that were just trying to burst out of her low cut shirt was dropping to her knees in front of me and started rubbing on my crotch. The dream was so vivid I could actually feel the pressure on my cock. 

Next I heard the all familiar sound zzzzzzzziiiiiiipppp as the buxom blonde pulled down my zipper and fished out my cock from the tight confinement of my briefs. I could have swore I could feel her hot breath for real as she opened her mouth and swallowed my throbbing member. The feeling of her hot breath on my throbbing cock felt wonderful, I couldn't have asked for a better or more realistic dream. Her crimson lips slid up and down my hard pole and had my balls tingling in response.

Her golden locks covered my lower body so I couldn't get a good look but the feeling was amazing. The haze of the dream had me spinning as I thrust my hips up to feed my cock into her hot mouth. Never before had I had an audible dream but I swear I heard the loud smacking sounds of her hot mouth as she slurped at my rod. Her mouth was so moist and hot I knew it wouldn't take long before I blew my load down her throat. Her throaty moans spurred my lust and soon I was pushing my hips up in a steady motion. I could hear her in my dream struggle to take my cock all the way down her throat.

Her gagging sounds turned me on even more and it wasn't long before I felt that all too familiar feeling of my nuts tightening as my cum started to shoot out my throbbing cock. Rope after rope of my semen flew out the hole of my prick giving me one of the most intense orgasms of my life. It was definitely the best wet dream I have ever had. As I still lay on the couch the dream still vivid in my head I could feel the coolness of the night air as it passed over my wet deflating cock. It was so real yet so unbelievable I couldn't comprehend why I was having feelings this intense.

Like most times after I have had a sexual experience I felt the urgent need to pee and felt my body and head respond to nature's calling. I leaned up on my elbows and shook my head to clear away the fogginess of my dream. But to my surprise it wasn't a dream at all as I looked down and saw my cock out of my pants, glistening in spit and a trail of my cum leaking from the tip. The next thing that happened shocked me most of all, that is when I noticed my roommate walk into the room with a cloth in his hand. Confused by what was going on I quickly leant back down and pretended to be asleep once again. That is when I felt the cloth wipe the evidence of the earlier blow job my roommate gave me away. I could feel as he tucked my penis back in my pants and did me up.

I didn't know how to feel about what happened, on one hand I am a little put off by the whole thing but on the other I got to experience the best blow job of my life.