 My niece asked me if I would drive her daughter back to university in Rochester, NY. Because she is my favorite niece, I said I would. We left around 7:00 a.m. and my plan was to take her there, then come right back home. I figured it was only four and a half hours each way, and I was used to that type of driving. What I didn't count on, though, was bad weather near Pulaski. I should have known that the lake effect snows are unpredictable.

It snowed like crazy from Pulaski to Syracuse, but we plowed through, cutting down on the good time I thought we would make. After we got past Syracuse, the sun came out, and the driving was really okay. However, instead of getting to Rochester around 1:30, it was 3:00 and I decided to stay overnight instead of risking bad weather again.

I dropped my niece's daughter off at the U of R and found a hotel near the highway so I could get an early start in the morning and not have to fight the traffic. I checked into the hotel and went to my room and had a short rest. Around 5:00, I went downstairs to the bar and had a couple of beers and watched some TV and checked out the people in the bar. That didn't take long.

Around 6:30 I went to the diningroom and had dinner. Eating alone is not much fun, but that's what I had to do. After dinner, I went downstairs to check out the exercise room and the games room. There was no one in the games room so I took the opportunity to practice my pool. After about fifteen minutes, three or four other people came in and just wandered around. There was a small bar at the end of the room, and two guys ordered a beer and stood around talking. Pretty soon, a third guy came in and joined them.

I just kept on shooting the balls around for a while and eventually one of the guys came up to the table. He was about 23 years old, fairly tall, very good looking, and had an extremely good build. 

"Do you mind if I play with you," he asked. "Pool, that is," he said laughing.

"Don't mind a bit, Pal. It's always fun to play with someone else." I said.

"Yeah, you're right about that," he said without looking at me.

We tossed for break and started a game of Eight Ball. He was a pretty good shot and almost had me skunked before my cue started shooting the balls where I was looking. One of the other two guys who were by the bar drinking left, leaving one standing there alone. I noticed that the guy I was shooting with kept glancing over to him.

My opponent missed a shot, then looked at me and said, "Your shot, Honey." and he moved aside for me to shoot. I didn't know what to make of that comment, so I just ignored it. I made a fantastic shot that I had never made in my life and he came over to me and patted me on the ass and complimented me on my shot.

"Hey, you're getting good with that stick. You're going to have to give me some lessons."

I told him that he was a better shot than I was and that he didn't need lessons and that he could teach me a thing or two.

"I've been watching you shoot and I find that you are holding your cue too tightly and it's wobbling when you go to shoot. Here, let me show you what I mean. Take aim at the five-ball there, but don't hit it."

I set myself up for a shot and waited for his advice. He came up behind me and pressed real close to my ass and put one arm on the table and the other on the cue. He gave me some pointers on how to keep the cue steady, but all the while he was doing it, he kept grinding his crotch into my ass. Honestly, it felt good.

"Yeah, just like that. That's a good shot. Did you like my instructional technique?" he asked. I knew what he meant and I told him that I did without revealing too much about it.

I asked him if the guy at the bar was a friend of his and he said he was. I suggested we invite him over to play with us. "I'm sure he'd like to play with us. The question is, would you like to play with him?"

This double-entendre was enticing. "Sure I would. Playing with both of you would be a lot of fun." So, he called him over and he introduced himself as Shawn or Sean. We re-racked the ball and decided to play scatter-ball where you can shoot any ball and keep track of your score. Whoever reaches 100 first wins.

Bill sank the first four balls he chose and came and stood by me while Shawn shot. Bill stood very, very close to me; and when he went to move out of the way, he put his hand on my hips to get me to slide over a bit, then let his hand drop down. He left it there for about five seconds. 

"Are you okay with this? Do you mind if I fondle you?" he asked and then he put his hand back on my ass as he stood beside me.

"No, I don't mind. I'm not used to it, but if that's what you want, I'm okay with it." I told him.

Bill did well, sinking six balls in a row and collecting 27 points. It was my turn, and when I stepped in front of him, he looked at me and winked. I just winked back and smiled at him. He was okay. We shot for about fifteen minutes; and wouldn't you know it, Shawn ran his total up to 69. Of all numbers, 69.

"Hey I got a 69. Anyone want to share it?" he calls out.

"I will, Shawn. How about you, Bruce? Interested in a 69?" Bill asked.

"I might be, but I'm going to need a teacher again for this." I said.

"Hey, Bruce, it's easy. You hold a stick in one hand and a ball in the other." Shawn said.

I couldn't help but laugh at this analogy and I found my dick getting hard. Shawn finished his shot at 75 and gave the cue to Bill. As Bill was bent over the table to make a long shot, Shawn looked at him leaning and said, "He's got a nice ass, hasn't he." I agreed that he did; and while Bill was still leaning over, Shawn moved behind him and ran his hands between his legs. "Nice balls to go with it, too." he said.

We finished the game and decided to go for beers. Bill said, "It costs a fucking fortune to drink their beer. Why don't we just go to the "package store" and get some. A package store is the American term for a beer store. So, we left and walked down the street for about three blocks. We bought two six packs and started back to the hotel.

"So, Bruce, how active are you? Do you have a partner or a mate?" Bill asked.

"No, I don't. As a matter of fact, I am very straight." I replied.

"You didn't seem to be too straight by the conversation we had back at the hotel. Are you experimenting or something?" Shawn asked.

I replied, "To tell you the truth, Guys, I am becoming more and more curious as time goes by. My wife has no idea that I am thinking this way, but it is really intriguing to me."

"Our wives don't know about us either. If it came right down to a pussy or a cock, I'd choose a pussy first, although fucking a pussy while I'm sucking a cock is the ultimate experience for me. What do you say, Bill?"

"I'd have to agree with you, Shawn, but my wife would never go for it." Bill says.

"Ever sucked a cock before, Bruce?" Bill asked.

I told them that I hadn't, but I had fantasized about it while I was watching porn or jerking off.

"Tonight might be your lucky night if you want it to be, Bruce. Interested in trying it with us?" he asked. I didn't answer right away, but I really wanted to scream out "YES". I just was too afraid of how I was going to approach this.

We got back to our hotel and went up to Bill and Shawn's room on the elevator. The two guys stood very close to each other and put their arms around each other. "Come here, Bruce. We don't want to leave you out," and they both pulled me toward them, straight into a crotch-to-crotch position with Bill. He put his hand between us and said, "I think you're starting to like this. Am I right, Bruce."

"Uh-huh." I said and with that, Shawn took my hand and put it on his cock. I didn't pull back because it felt good. I took it lengthwise and held onto it, gently moving it up and down.

We got into the room and put the beer in the fridge. Shawn opened three bottles and passed them around. Without even thinking about it, I sat down on the couch and the two guys came and sat on either side of me. We turned on the TV, but we really weren't watching it because we were just shooting the breeze. I felt Shawn's hand on my thigh, so I spread my legs apart a bit; and as I did, I bumped Bill a bit and he realized that my legs were open, so he put his hand on my other thigh. Both of them kept sliding their hands up and down the inside of my leg, and I could feel my cock growing harder and harder. Finally, Bill took my cock and held it tightly.

"You've got a nice cock, Bruce. Mind if I take it out?" he asked. I really wanted him to, so I stood up and took off my pants and my cock was straining against my underwear.

"Stand up, Guys. I don't want to be the only one without clothes on. Let's see what you've got." I told them. Right way, Bill was completely undressed, standing before with his cock stuck up on his belly. I don't know why I did this so quickly, but I just dropped to my knees and took his whole cock in my mouth--every bit of it. I took it out of my mouth just long enough to look at Shawn's beautiful cock and grab it. I pulled him by his cock and brought him right into my face as I continued to suck Bill. I switched from one cock to another and back again.

"Put both cocks in my mouth, Guys. I want to feel what it's like to suck two guys off at once." So they switched around and forced their cocks toward my mouth. I took one in each hand and put them in side-by-side. While I was sucking them off, they were kissing and swallowing each other's tongues.

"Fuck, you're good, Bruce. And you tell us you need lessons? What a great cock-sucker. Tell us when we can cum." Shawn said.

I found it awkward to suck two at once, so I pulled out one and held onto it while I sucked the other. "Jerk off on us, Bill." I said. 'Let us feel your cum splattering over us." 

"No, I don't want to waste it. Let's go to the bed and have a good old-fashion cock-sucking chain." he suggested.

We went to the bed and formed a circle so that each of us was sucking another's cock. We all held off until we could cum at the same time. After about 45 minutes of this, we straighted up on the bed to catch our breath. Again, I was in the middle of the three guys and got to reach down and stroke two cocks whenever I wanted to.

They asked me if I wanted to be fucked in the ass, but I said that I didn't. Shawn did, though, and he got down on his knees on the bed and sucked me off while Bill rammed him from behind and came in his ass while I came in Shawn's mouth.

Around midnight, we broke up the party. Bill and Shawn were staying in the same room, but I left to go to mine. I never found out who they were, where they were from, or any other contact information. But I know that it was one of the most sensuous nights ever. I haven't had two guys since then, but I did get to suck off a guy at work in the bathroom. I think I can get to like this.