 I don't know what the hell I'm doing in college. I'm what you'd call white trash. I'm eighteen years-old, have four tattoos and I smoke like a chimney. I have a crew cut and often go shirt-less because I have a lean, muscular physique. I don't work out much anymore, but I still have a six-pack. I'm not gay but I danced at a gay strip club in my home town even before I turned eighteen.

My roommate Chris is from a prep school and he rides a bicycle. He takes it seriously with the gay bike shorts and the even gayer shaving his legs. He has long hair and a lean but little body. I've caught him checking me out before but haven't called him out on it. I have a big cock and I don't mind anyone checking it out, male or female.

Chris and I hang out a bit. We both smoke grass and listen to music. I tease him about the gayness of his bike shorts and shaved legs. He insists he's not gay, but he doesn't mind hearing the stories about old men trying to feel me up when I used to dance. He asks a lot of questions about what that was like.

We got high in our room one night and I got a little claustrophobic. I stripped naked in front of Chris, grabbed my towel and went off to shower.

I came back to the room, still soaking wet, dropped my towel and laid on my bed nude. I propped myself up on a pillow. Chris stared at my cock. 

"Come touch it. You know you want to," I said to him. He demurred but it didn't take him long to get up and sit between my legs. He ran his fingers over my soft cock, and when it started coming to life, he grabbed it around the shaft and pulled up and down.

He was like a kid with a new toy. "I've never touched anyone's dick before, and I've never seen on this big," he said. 

"That feels good," I told him. "You can lick it if you want."

It didn't take any prodding. He knelt on the bed between my legs and gave one long lick up the shaft of my cock. A minute later he had my dickhead in his mouth and was rolling his tongue over it. He was a natural cocksucker. He stopped and licked my balls, then stomach and chest. He kept stroking my cock while licking my nipples. He was good at this.

I pushed his head back down and he continued sucking me. "I think you want me to fuck you," I said.

"I'll admit I'm curious, but there is no way that anaconda is going to fit in my ass," he said. 

"I'll tell you what, hand me the lotion and lay on your stomach. I'll just finger your ass. I won't fuck you unless you beg me too."

He laughed. "I don't think that's going to happen, but you can play with my ass."

We switch places. He laid on his stomach and I knelt between his legs. I lubed up my hands, toyed wit his rim with one hand and stroked myself with the other. With his little hairless frame and long hair, he looked almost like a woman. I worked my fingers into him. I was as hard as a rock, and he was alternatively sticking his ass up to me and grinding his cock into the bed.

I rubbed the head of my cock against his rim and he responded by moaning a little and sticking his ass up again. His sphincter was almost opening for me. I pulled out and ran my dickhead up and down his crack, occasionally stopping at his rim and gently pushing into it. I wasn't in a rush, so I continued rhythmically. 

He said "OK, you can put it in."

I remained quiet, and continued teasing him rim.

"Put it in," he said.

I didn't stop rubbing him.

"Please put it in," he relented.

"Do what?" I asked.

"Fuck me," he said.

"Say please," I said.

"Please fuck me," he replied.

"Please fuck what?" I said.

"Please fuck my ass," he said.

As slowly as I could, I eased my cock into him. He groaned.

I put my weight on his chest and continued sliding in and out. His taught body felt little under mine.

"Oh fuck that hurts but it feels good," he said. He pushed his pelvis up and let me slide deep into him. I quickened my rhythm, getting just a little rougher as I went faster. The harder I fucked, the more passive he became. He lay with his eyes closed, occasionally groaning or grimacing while I had my way. I had reached that point where I could orgasm at any time. I slowed, pulled out, got up, and walked to his side of the room. 

"Come over here and bend over," I said. He leaned over his desk and I stood behind him and shoved my dick in him as hard and deep as I could. I grabbed his long hair and I could feel his little body lift off the ground by the force of my cock. I held his waist down with my other hand so I could thrust deeper into him.

I could tell he was about to orgasm. I reached my hand around and grabbed his cock and his body quivered as he came in my hand. I put my hand to his face until he licked my fingers clean. A few moments later, I pushed as deep into him and shot my load. I pulled out and he crumpled onto his bed. I felt exhilarated.