 With a long sigh I zipped up the last of my luggage. Four hours of packing and two massive suitcases later, I was finally done. Looking around my now empty apartment, I felt a little empty knowing that my time in California was through. Time for another ending, I suppose. 

I had to remind myself, as I hoisted the giant bags onto my bed, that I was chasing my dreams. Twelve years of playing piano, and it had gotten me to Julliard. My dream school. The very thing that I'd striven for all my childhood, and now, at twenty, I was finally going to be able to pursue it. Unfortunately, that meant moving across the country, away from the California sun and all I really knew. 

Walking to the window, I stared out at the street below. I had a beach view from the apartment. It was December, the beach was naked with the exception of a few brave souls walking slowly down the shoreline. I was going to miss this, spending my mornings taking in this wonderful sight, spending my afternoons down at the water, spending my nights cuddled in bed with... him.

He was just another reason leaving California was going to kill me. Sure, we'd only been together about four months, but four months was enough to get me hooked. Everything about him was different and new, and while I wasn't in love with him, leaving him was not going to be fun.

To call him different would be an insult. He was unlike anything I'd ever seen before. Gorgeous, yes. Talented yes. But... something else. The sound of my apartment door slamming shut snapped me out of my thoughts.

I turned back to the bags on my bed and sucked in a deep breath. Exhaling slowly, I felt hands slide around my waist. 

"So, Dev, are you leaving without saying goodbye? How rude of you." He purred, his breath warm on the back of my neck. I turned to him, avoiding his ice-colored gaze and smiling down at the floor. 

"I'm not very good with goodbyes, Lucas. You should know," I murmured, slowly pulling his hips to mine. His tiny smirk was his way of laughing at me. He knew he had me. 

"I should know. You didn't say goodbye to me last night."

"With the way you were pressed up against the bartender, I didn't think you'd want me to," I shot back defiantly.

Lucas had me playing his game now, and he knew it. Everything about him was playful, from the way he ran his hands down my back, to the way he bit is perfect pale pink lips as I spoke. Lucas was always about the game. 

"Oh, come on Devon. I was just having fun. I didn't fuck him," he whispered in that low, raspy voice he possessed. Always with the theatrics. 

"But you wanted to," I said, finally meeting his eyes and seeing the spark in them. I could stare at Luke all day, easily. He flashed his smile at my words, long eyelashes fluttering. His golden hair fell perfectly into those ice eyes, begging to be pulled away and worshiped. As the game continued, I felt his skinny hips grind against mine, maybe without his knowing, an unconscious movement. 

His slow breathing was sprinkled with breathy giggles as he pressed his body to mine and resorted to nibbling my ear as his hands found the button on my jeans. This is always how he plays.

"I have a plane to catch, babe," pulling his hands from my jeans to my face. His mouth fell into a little open pout, those eyes alive with disbelief. 

"Not for another hour. You've got to let me show you what you'll be missing, baby," He pleaded. He pressed his lips to my throat, his warm breath leaving a little trail across my skin. A tiny smirk tugged at the corner of his lips when he felt the rise he was giving me through my jeans. "Come on Devon. Pretty please?"

I had to bite my lip to keep back a groan as he slid his hand down the front of my pants and started to teasingly rub my cock. Surrendering to him meant he won. That's how his little games usually ended; in my defeat.

He pressed his lips against mine hard, his warm tongue tracing my bottom lip. "Devvvooonnn," He pleaded into my open mouth. "Let me."

I needed no more invitation. My blood boiled. I pressed my hard cock against his, biting his bottom lip as I managed to get him against the wall. 

"You win, Luke," I mumbled against his lips, sliding my hands beneath his shirt. He smirked, his eyes full of lust and mischief. 

"I always win."

I leaned in to taste his beautiful lips, an effective way of getting him to shut up, my cock now straining against the fabric that held it hostage. My head swam with the excitement of Lucas' hands all over me, sliding off my shirt, toying with the barbell in my nipple before leaning down to tease it with his tongue. He trailed his way down my body, sliding to his knees before me, biting his way down to my monster, now wet with precum. 

He slid my underwear down, finally freeing me, my cock springing forward to greet him. For a moment he stared with a smile, then looked up at me, those playful eyes teasing me in every way.

"Can I have a taste, baby?" He asked.

I couldn't play anymore. I was out of the game, Lucas was champion. I knotted my hands in his hair and dragged him forward, his warm mouth finally meeting my dick. 

He dragged his tongue over my pee slit, tracing the vein all the way down to the base before sucking long and hard on my entire length. It took all my self control to not thrust down his throat, the hot, wet suction of his mouth making my head spin. I let out a moan, throwing my head back. He began to bob back and forth on my cock, taking all of my modest seven and a half inches in his mouth, his talented tongue flicking and teasing every part of me that made me shiver in the most delicious way. 

I whined like a bitch when his glorious moth was replaced with his hand, jerking me in quick, long movements.

"Dev, baby, look at me."

I looked down, and those eyes bore into mine, and in a very, very naughty way, that only Lucas could master, he closed his mouth around my dick once more, never breaking his ice cold gaze. 

I'm surprised I didn't come then. Instead, I let my self control fail. My knuckles turned white clinging to his golden hair, my hips crashing into face, the soft sound of his low moan as he gasped for breath. 

Those ice eyes never left mine as I fucked his pretty mouth.

With a shudder and a moan, I came in his throat, the first shot hitting him while I was still buried in his mouth. I groaned and slumped against him, he reached up to jerk the rest of my load onto his waiting tongue. With a devious smile, he stood up and kissed me hard, sharing the taste of my cum with me. 

"Bitch," I spat at him. He smiled at me sweetly, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. 

"Don't hate the player, baby, hate the game," he purred, pulling the dark hair away from my face and kissing me again. 

"You cheated," I breathed, my eyes trailing down his perfect body to his cock, pressing tight against his pants, my own release having turned him on beyond belief. 

"Maybe," He whispered, hands sliding down my back, "But I make the rules. I'm allowed to break them." 

There was no more discussion after that. My dick had already begun to harden again as he took me down on the floor, yanking down his jeans and quickly lubing his dick, a full inch bigger than my own. I reached out to jerk him, but he quickly caught my hands. 

"I need to fuck you," Was his only explanation. And as I turned to get on my hands and knees, he yanked me back onto the floor and crawled over me. 

"I want to see your face when I come inside you."

Without wasting another second with words neither of us would remember, I felt him position himself at my entrance. With a quick thrust and a moan, he pushed inside me, stretching my tight hole around him, his loud groan melting into my own moans of bliss as he began to pull in and out of me. My cock throbbed in response to his entry. His rough thrusts rocked both of our bodies back and forth, his wonderful dick milking my ever-sensitive prostate with each stroke. He was all too good at his game.

My moans, begging for him to fuck me harder, pleading for him to make me cum, succeeded in driving him crazy. I may not be the best at it, but I could play his game. I could play it well. 

I arched my back, overcome with animal like desire, wanting him buried so deep in my ass I could taste him. My cock ached for sweet release, and I finally gave in and began to jerk with each thrust of Lucas' monster within me. 

"Don't be a bitch," he scolded, stopping for a moment to pin my wrists at my sides. "You'll come when I get you there."

This issued a steam of swearing from me, cut off by shivers and groans every time Luke slammed into me. 

I couldn't hold it any longer. With a final "You fucking cunt!" I began to cum again, shooting all over my chest and stomach. 

Lucas was close. His eyes widened as he watched me cum, moaning curses at him, biting his chest as I shot all over myself. 

The threw back his head and issued a loud groan, coming with his cock deep inside my boycunt. I squirmed as he slumped over me.

Still glowing from the ass-pounding I'd received, and the glorious orgasm I'd just had, I held his wasted body to mine, watching the last of his orgasm fade from his face. He pulled out of me slowly, and we lay together on the floor for a while in warm silence, minds running, hearts racing. 

He bit my shoulder softly, pouty eyes gazing into mine, his energy drained, his lust gone, nothing left but the pale blue color and a glow in them I couldn't place. 

"Devon," He said, tracing the lines of my thin stomach. "I'm going to miss you."

I smiled, kissing his lips softly. Here he was, invincible, headstrong, different than so many, showing me the side of him I don't think anyone had ever glimpsed before.

"I'm going to miss you too, Lucas."

He slowly peeled away from me and stood up, stretching, his naked body beautiful. 

"I need a shower," I mumbled, somehow finding the energy to get up off the floor. "My flight leaves in twenty minutes."