 Chapter five has arrived! I really, really hope you all enjoy it; the feedback I get on my chapters really inspires me to do well, and write more. For those fans of Gavin, you may hate me for this addition. For the fans of Kayden, your welcome!

Enjoy,

~PeterPanics



You're sure you don't need any more help?" Gavin asked quietly, glancing around my new digs.

"Yeah, I'm just going to crash tonight. Thanks for helping." I said with a groan, pushing my last suitcase against the wall.

"It's big." He mumbled, peaking around the corner. His smile never stayed when he was around me anymore. His dark, intense eyes never met mine, and when I asked him to help me with things like this, it was always a fight. It was hard for him to even talk to me anymore...

"Took me a month to find it." I countered, trying not to touch his skin as I took my bags from his strong arms.

It was nothing special. In all honesty, it was a major step down from Gavin's posh modern SoHo apartment on the sixtieth floor.

It was a simple apartment, big and empty. It was five-story, walk-up, renovated warehouse, and my apartment on the third floor was proof. There was one main room, massive and spacious, with a small kitchen and bathroom through a door in the very far corner. The walls were drab white, with two long florescent lights along the ceiling, and a single window with a view of the city skyline. Living in Brooklyn was different, but it was good different... a sort of on-my-own different. And it was, my first time truly alone, without Cassidee or Gavin to watch over me. 

"You're always welcome back in SoHo, you know. You'll always have a place..." His voice trailed off, and his eyes fell to the floor. "You'll always have a place to be with me." 

I watched him pull his dreads back, inhaling deeply. It crushed me to know I was why he was hurting. I never meant to hurt him. I never meant for any of this...

He left without another word, glancing back over his shoulder to look at me once more before he disappeared down the stairs. It had been about a month since I'd decided to let go of the past, and more importantly, let go of Lucas. 

Gavin may have been the hardest thing to let go of. I didn't feel the same way he felt about me, and I had realized that about halfway through my odd transition. I never would feel the same way, and it killed me. I had used Gavin. But to him, I was the first man he'd ever been intimate with (No matter how drunk or heartbroken I was at the time) and that meant something more to him. 

I sighed, and sat down on mattress Gav had helped me carry up. Time was passing so incredibly fast. September was gone, leaving an early-November chill in the air, something I'd coined "two sweater weather". Gavin and Cassidee had seen me off to my new apartment; Professor Wrought was busting my balls on the end-of-semester compositions, and Kayden... 

Things were good. 

Life was good. 

