 I was horny and desperate for cock as I pulled up to the Bathhouse in Reno. I was in town on business and wanted to spend some time being dominated and used.

I checked in, getting a locker. I rarely get a room because I like to be watched as I get used by men. I stripped down and put my chest harness and leather slave collar on. It felt awesome, standing in the hallway naked. My smoothly shaved body, collar and harness leaving no doubt I was a bottom looking for cock. I left my towel in the locker, knowing most men would have their towels wrapped around their waist.

I walked around, noting it was mostly an older crowd, but I love serving "Daddy" types so that was fine. A guy walked past me and reached out and gave my cock a squeeze as he passed by. I smiled but kept walking, wanting to check everything out before I got started. 

I got to the back of the place and heard the sound of porn. I walked into the "porn room" and found a dimly lit room with 3 large screen tv's all showing the same video, a white twink on his knees sucking a large black dick. The room was separated into open stalls with padded benches. Three guys were seated and stroking their cocks while still wrapped in towels.

The fourth guy caught my eye. He was about 6'3" lean, and his above average cock was uncovered. It was about 5" long and only half hard. "Bingo!"

He looked to be in his 50's, with some grey hair. His short trimmed pubes made his hefty cock look even bigger. He smiled as I made eye contact. Wasting no time, I walked over to him and dropped to my knees, taking his cock in my hand. He began to harden as I leaned in and took the head of his cock in my hungry mouth. 

He ran his fingers thru my hair as I took his cock all the way to the base and began worshiping his now 7" hard cock. His large cock head filling my throat and making my gag loudly. 

"Oh fuck!" He groaned as I worked to get his tool into my throat, and moaned with enthusiastic hunger.

He pulled me up by my harness and asked me, "Do you want to be Daddie's bitch boy?" 

I answered, "Yes Daddy." And he told me he was rough with his boys. I replied, "Please Daddy, I like it rough and dirty!" I could hear the other guys moving closer. 

"Your just a dirty cocksucker aren't you?" He asked. 

I looked him in the eye and said, "Yes Daddy, the dirtier the better!" He released my harness and told me to prove it. 

I dropped back to my knees and quickly took his cock deep I'm my mouth. He responded by grabbing my head and began roughly fucking my throat. 

My heart raced as his beautiful cock assaulted my throat. I felt my Cock instantly harden as he told the other men, "This little faggot know how to treat a man!" 

As my saliva began to spill out around his cock, I began to make loud "gruugg gruugg Gruugg" sounds as I tried to breathe. He pulled my head against his body, burying his cock deep in my throat. 

"You are a little faggot aren't you?" He asked as I fought to breathe. He released my head and I pulled off his rock hard cock, gasping for air. 

I looked up and said, "I am your faggot Daddy." My statement was met with a face full of spit.

My new Master replied, "Yes you are, you're my little cockslut." His words, spit and rough throat fucking had me so turned on, I eagerly took his cock back in my mouth. He resumed fucking my throat and my saliva was now running off my face and dripping onto my chest, making it obvious he was in charge!

He encouraged me by moaning for me to, "Take it bitch, be Daddy's faggot whore! Show these guys what a good cum slut you are!"

His words drove me to a new level of hunger, and I could feel hands all over my body. I could see feet all around me, and knew I was drawing a crowd! 

Daddy again pulled me to him and I felt his cock again invade my throat. After I had been struggling for air for several seconds, he released my head and pulled me to my feet. He began kissing me and I wrapped my arms around the back of his neck and opened my mouth. 

Like a horny slut I opened my mouth and groaned around his probing tongue. We kissed for a while, exploring each other's mouths with our dueling tongues. Someone slipped a finger in my smooth hole, driving me crazy with lust as Daddy made out with me. 

He pulled away, breaking the kiss, and spit in my face again, his hot spit running down my saliva covered face. 

"Open your mouth slut." He commanded and I did. He spit in my open mouth and told me to keep it open. Two more times Daddy spit his hot saliva into my mouth as I could hear other men talking about what a dirty boy I was. I was in Heaven and enjoying every filthy second!

Daddy pushed me back to my knees and resumed fucking my throat. His powerful thrusts were leaving no doubt for anyone that I was his bitch, and he was going to use me however he pleased.

I again felt a finger in my ass as I took the pounding that Daddy was giving my throat. I felt a warm sensation on the side of my face and knew that I had just taken a load of cum from one of the men. 

I groaned my approval, acknowledging my status as an object for the men to use. I soon felt hot spit hit the other side of my face! 

I was lost in being Daddy's whore when I heard him announce to the other men, "Cover my faggot with your spit and cum!" I was such a proud faggot at that moment!

I heard and felt a couple guys spit on my face as Daddy's cock was pounding my throat. I heard a man ask if he could, "Feed the fag." Daddy pulled out of my mouth and turned my head. A hard cock was being stroked, pointed at my mouth. I opened wide and he blasted his cum on my face, with his first shot hitting my forehead, face, mouth and chin. The second spurt landed mostly in my mouth, the third and fourth on my chest.

Daddy spit twice in my face and resumed fucking my throat. "Are you still hungry faggot?" He asked. Before I could answer, he groaned and his cock swelled as it forced deep in my throat and released wave after wave of hot cum!

As Daddy fed me his load, two other men dumped loads on my face, coating my eyes and blinding me. 

I continued to suck Daddy's cock until he started to soften. He shoved me back and I fell in my ass. 

"Go kneel down in the showers and dont get up till your face has been cleaned off with piss!" Daddy commanded. 

"Yes Daddy." I said as I began to try and make my way to the shower. 

A man grabbed my hard, aching cock and said, "Come with me faggot" and led me to the showers while painfully squeezing my throbbing cock. 

As soon as I was on my knees, I felt his hot stream hitting my face! I opened my mouth to swallow as much as possible. His piss was strong tasting and plentiful, but due to me swallowing as much as I could, he ran out of piss before my face was clean.

As he walked away, I saw Daddy approaching cock in hand with several guys behind him!

I was soon "clean" but continued to serve as a slutty urinal until all of their bladders were empty! Two men stayed and took turns using and fucking my mouth until I swallowed their loads.

I got up from my knees, every inch of my body covered in warm, stinky urine! My belly ached with all of the urine I had swallowed. 

I briefly thought about showering, but I was basking in my slutty stare and staggered out into the patio and lasted in the sun, enjoying the ripe smell of my body. 

After about 30 minutes, two younger men I had not yet seen came out and walked over to me. I looked up at the first man, sporting an average sized cock. His buddy was a little better hung, and he walked over to me, and presented his hairy, hard cock.

Without a word, I sat up and began sucking his cock. His buddy slid in behind me and began working his cock into my hungry ass.