 I just wanted to get fucked.

Wow, how about that for an opening line? Especially in a story by a guy about guys - senior, mature, old guys, but all guys. Well, the wife is on the sidelines, but the story is guys.

When I typed the first line I thought of an old joke. It's a joke about a young quadriplegic girl, sitting on a dock crying her eyes out. Along comes a young man and his girlfriend and they ask the girl why she was crying. "I just watched a romantic movie about a man and woman making love on a dock like this. I realized that I have never even been kissed."

The young man looked at his girlfriend, who just shrugged her shoulders and nodded her head. So, the young man gently took the girls head in his hands and gave her a long, slow, tongue-twisting, soulful kiss.

"Oh my God," cried the girl. "But I've never felt a man." The young man looked at his girlfriend who thought a moment, then nodded her head again. So, he stood close to the chair and took the girls hand, putting it against his crotch. He then rubbed the girls hand up and down his manhood. This started to have an obvious effect.

"OOOooohh," said the girl. "But I have never had a man feel me. I don't know what it feels like." The young man looked to his girlfriend again. She had an exasperated look on her face but finally nodded her head. So, the man knelt in front of the wheel chair, slid his hands up under the girls dress. He pushed her panties aside and played with her clitoris and slid his fingers in and out of her pussy a few times.

When he stood again, the girl was gasping. She said, "Oh My God, that's wonderful. But I've never been fucked. Oh, how I wished I could get fucked." By this time, the young man's girlfriend has had it. She grabbed the wheelchair, rolled it to the end of the dock, and pushed it and the girl into the deep water. "There you go," said the girlfriend, "You're fucked."

That's not the type of "fucked" I wanted. But I digress . . .

It had been months since I was able to exercise my Bi-side. It had been six months since my last Senior Bi-Guys hotel party. But life sometimes gets in the way. We had a large part of our home remodeled a few months ago. My wife, the epitome of cleanliness wanted to follow the workers around, cleaning up after them. Unfortunately, she fell victim to the dust they were raising and came down with a serious case of bronchitis. Since she was smarter than the doctors and didn't get it treated correctly, she wound up in the hospital with a life threatening case of pneumonia. 

So, after the time it took to get the house redone, I spent the next few months in and out of doctor's offices with her to get her back on her feet. Thus I was getting horny as hell for a good fucking. Note that I didn't say I wasn't getting laid. There are a couple of female acquaintances who took care of me that way. But, they couldn't give me the good feeling of a hard cock sliding in and out of my love anus.

Since the wife was trying to set up for a card/hen party at some other woman's house in the coming days. I contacted Jim, the coordinator of the hotel parties to see if anything was open. No joy - the next open party was a couple of months away. Damn!

Time to take it personal. I boiler plated a message --

I need to get fucked! Do I have your attention, yet? My house, basement bedroom. I'll let you know which afternoon in a couple of days.

I had to keep it short due to the character limit on the sites messaging system. I dug into my Favorite Guys folder and sent it off to 13 of my hook-up buddies. Then I went off to find the wife.

I found her on the porch typing on her laptop. I walked up behind her and kissed her on top of her head. "What are you up to?" I asked. 

"Patty and I are trying to find one more person for the party." She said. "Annie had to drop out and now we won't be able to fill three tables. And we've already set up the caterer and everything. If we don't find a forth for the last table . . ."

"How about the new couple we met at the club the other day? She was talking about playing cards sometime." I said.

"Aha, yes!" she said. "I have her phone number in my book." She took off to find her address book.

When she returned, I asked her, "What day are you planning these shenanigans?"

"Shenanigans?" She asked. "We don't do shenanigans. We play serious cards. But all of the games require four players at the table." She said, looking through her book. "We're setting up for Wednesday afternoon. I'm afraid you'll be on your own for lunch that day. We'll be doing a late lunch and then cards the rest of the afternoon. Now, let me call Regina and see if she's available." She dug out her cell phone and started tapping in numbers. I left her to it and went to get some lunch.

She came into the kitchen while I was pouring a beer. "She's in. We have our tables." She said. 

"That's great, Darling." I said. "It's awesome," I thought. "Me and the guys will have all afternoon on Wednesday.

A couple of days later I checked the site for messages. Yes! Five returns - should be enough to get my urges laid to rest (that's a pun folks.) Now let's see who is good for Wednesday. Actually, all of us are retired, so it shouldn't be hard to get half dozen guys together. I put together another message to the responders.

Wednesday afternoon - 12:30, in my basement playroom. I have beer & snacks. If you need condoms, pills or poppers, bring your own. Does anyone need an address?

By that night, two responders had dropped off, claiming previous engagements. So, we were down to four. 

Wednesday noon and the wife left thirty minutes ago to help set up the card games. I dug the cooler out of the garage and got it filled with a double-six of beer and the bags of Ice I had in the freezer. I filled a couple of bowls with chips and pretzels and took them down to the playroom. I got my hand truck and lugged the ice chest down. We only had one couch in the playroom, so I got out the air mattress and started the pump on it. It would be good by the time the guys got here.

I heard the doorbell, so I ran back upstairs, opened the front door and welcomed Tom and Ray. They came in and gave me hugs, after I closed the door. 

Tom was a retired insurance broker. He was somewhat stocky and totally salt & pepper. Since he had retired he had grown a full beard, but his wife finally got him to trim it down to a goatee. 

Ray was my tall black buddy. He had built up a great landscaping business, which was mostly run by his sons. He only got involved when there was something his boys had never dealt with. Ray was proof that all black guys didn't have a BBC. However his grew to around 7 inches hard and he knew what to do with it. We had met at our first hotel party that the website threw and had a few hookups after that. He and his wife, and I and my wife had double-dated to a few events together. However; the wives didn't know about our bi-activities.

I sent Tom & Ray downstairs, telling them where the TV/Cable remote was. I went into the garage to make sure I still had some beer left and heard the doorbell again. I ran back to the door and opened it for Sidney. Sid was a balding and slightly portly buddy I had hooked up with before. I had recommended him for the parties as he was a versatile lover and could suck the hair right off a cock.

We went down the stairs to find Ray & Tom sitting on the couch watching a porno and jacking each other's dicks. "Hey," I said, "I'm the guy that needs a fucking here. Better save those things."

Ray chuckled. "No problem, man. We're just getting ready for you. How do you want to do this? Line up by height - by age, what?"

"Get undressed," I said, "Be right back." I had forgotten some lubes. I went into the storeroom to my secret hidey box and got out a couple of tubes of slippery. Then, I went back into the playroom.

"Just had to get something before Ray jammed that log of his up my ass." I said. I striped off my clothes and went over to the couch, forcing myself down between Ray and Tom.

As I reached for cocks to play with, Ray asked, "Are you the only one to get fucked? I could use a little drilling myself. We probably all could."

"Hey," I said, "We're here for the fun. Whatever happens happens. We got about four hours until we have to clean up, so let's just go for it." With that I reached over and grabbed the two cocks standing up beside me. I was going to lean over and suck one of them down, but Sid walked his dick up to my face and started rubbing it on my lips.

"That's a good host." He said, placing his hand on me head and pulling it towards him. "Gotta keep all the guests entertained." Sid had a nice 6-incher that had some girth to it when hard. 

I open my mouth and let his cock slide in across my tongue. I just let him fuck in and out for a couple of strokes before letting go of Toms cock to hold Sid's so I could get some good licks going at the same time. Since I had let go of Tom's cock, he leaned over me and started a slow suck on mine, while Ray was fondling my balls.

"We're in the wrong positions," said Ray, "Let's get him rolled over and give him what he wants. Sid, sit down here beside me. Tom, get off his dick for a minute." Ray stood up and Sid pulled his cock from my mouth and sat where Ray was sitting. Tom released my cock and Ray took my hands, pulled me to my feet, turned me around, and bent me over Sid's lap.

"There you go," Ray said to me, "You can continue to work on Sid while Tom & I flip to see who's first." Sid reached up and pulled my head back down to his dick. Rather than bend over that far, I dropped to my knees and moved in between his legs. I reached out, grabbed his shoulders and pulled him to me for a long, slow, tongue-twisting kiss. As I pulled away I kissed down his body back to his cock. I gently wrapped my hand arounds his nuts and dropped my lips down over his knob and down his shaft. When I felt the head hit my throat, a swallowed around it a couple of times before lifting back up. I could tell from the groans he was emitting, that I was on the right track.

Then I felt a long slippery finger prodding at my love anus. I pushed back against it and felt it slide in to my prostate. If I didn't have a mouthful of cock, I'm sure the neighbors would have heard my groans of pleasure. It was an awesome feeling and was soon joined by another finger. As they were sliding in & out of my ass, I twisted my head around to see Tom kneeling behind me with a big grin on his face. He pulled his fingers out and pushed his lubed up dick to my asshole. After all that fingering, it slid right in. I was in pure heaven. Tom wasn't that thick but he was long and had a very defined mushroom head on that pole.

"Hey, Sid," called Ray, from over on the mattress, "Bring that cock over here and let's play awhile." Sid lifted my head off his cock and gave me a sloppy kiss. "Sorry, Buddy," he said, "Ray's over there with his legs in the air." I turned my head to see Ray, laying back on the mattress, with his legs held high, rubbing his asshole with a slick looking finger. "Okay," I said, "But his cock goes in me and your ass is reserved for mine." 

"That's a good deal," he said, and slid off the couch and over to the mattress. 

Meanwhile, Tom was giving me maximum thrills as his cock slid in and out of my love hole. I reached back and fondled his nuts as he fucked me, finding that his sack was already beginning to tighten up. He reached around me, to get to my nipples, just getting his fingertips on them for some tweaking.

"Roll me over," I said. Tom pulled out - god what an empty feeling. I rolled over onto the couch and slid a pillow under my ass, then raised my legs. Tom knelt on the couch and raised my leg a little more with his arms. As he pushed up against me, I reached through my legs and grabbed his cock, guiding it to my love anus. He slid back in full length. "Oh, yeah, that's how you do it." I groaned. "Now do it some more."

Tom started thrusting again and I was riding his good rhythm, feeling the knob of his cock glide over my prostate and teasing the nerves of my anus. His efforts were getting my dick harder and it was all I could do to keep my hands off it. The head of my cock was spilling precum all over my belly. I reached up and tweaked his nipples as he kept up his rhythm. Finally, I smeared my hand in the pool on my belly and reach through my legs. I cupped his balls slathering the slick juice over them and started a gentle caress. 

I heard Ray gasping, "That's it! That's it, man. You're hitting the spot!" I looked over and saw Sid with Ray's long lanky legs over his shoulder, pumping his dick in & out of Ray's ass. But, I was too involved with my own feelings to worry about them. Tom was starting to pick up the pace and thrusting a little harder. Every time the hair around his dick hit my love anus, it felt like a shock zooming all the way to my head. His thrusting was getting faster and I knew I was going to get a nice load of man juice coating my insides.

I looked right in his eyes. "Come on, Man." I gasped. "Let me have it. Cum inside me. Squirt it all up in there." I could, literally, feel the knob of his dick swelling up inside me. "Come for me, Baby. Let Daddy have a big load." I goaded him. 

His eyes screwed up tight and his head fell back as I felt the squirting juice flood my ass. He thrust one final time and held himself tight against me as he unloaded. He let out one final groan and let his body relax. I reached up and grabbed his arms, pulling him down into my tight embrace. "That was awesome, man." I said, nuzzling his ear and neck. "You gave me a wonderful ride. Thank you, thank you."

I lifted his head a little and kissed him gently, letting my tongue probe his lips. He opened up and we had a good long slow sloppy kiss to finish our interlude. His dick softened and slowly fell out of my asshole. I decided not to even try and push anything out. Just let it sit & soak. As we were coming down from our highs. . .

"Dammit, Ray," yelled Sid, "Quit squeezing. You're gonna make me come too soon."

"That's what I want," answered Ray, laughing. "Come on, man, give it to me!" That was Ray's philosophy for sex, or, at least, gay sex. Fondle and suck to get it hard and then do something with it. There wasn't much cuddle, loving, kissing involved. Now, Ray's wife, Simone, had told us he was one of the gentlest, loving and caring men she had ever been with. But, with guys, "Get it on and get your partner off."

Ray had perfected the Kegel exercise to a tee. He could squeeze his ass so tight; you'd think he was smashing your dick to a pencil tip. He could, also control the squeeze so there was enough to make you think you were fucking a virgin asshole. Unfortunately for the guy fucking him, he wasn't going to last long. He had tried to teach me the exercise when he had his dick stuck into my love anus, but I usually was just enjoying the pleasure of feeling him there to try and do anything but ride the rhythm.

Tom and I got up and went over to the mattress. Ray was up on his knees and Sid was pounding into him as hard as he could. "Jesus," cried Sid, "This fucker's ass can get so tight. I'm going to come way sooner."

Ray was groaning and chuckling at the same time. "Ah, Uh huh, I'm not a fucker, Grooaann, I'm the fuckee, and it feels so good and, Uh, Uh, Uh, Come on, man, let me have it." Ray had been dripping precum all over the mattress. Luckily, it was some felt covered plastic and hosed off easily. I slipped my hand under Ray's belly and stroked his cock in rhythm with Sid's thrusting. I used my other hand to cradle Sid's balls and gently caress them. His ball sack was getting tighter and tighter and I knew Ray was going to get his wish, real soon. 

Soon, enough, Sid was crying, "Oh, Fuck, Oh, Fuck, fuck, fuck. . ." He leaned, in grabbing Ray around the waist with both arms, made a couple more hard thrusts and then jammed himself tight against Ray's ass. With his ball sack in my hands, I could feel every throb of cum shooting out of his cock. Ray let out a final groan and fell forward onto the mattress with Sid wrapped tight to his back. I got my hand out from under Ray quick, before their combine weight hit it.

Tom had gotten himself a beer and was just relaxing on the mattress watching. I went over to the cooler and got out three more. I brought them over to the mattress, sliding one of the cold cans up between Sid's legs to his balls. 

"Jesus!" yelled Sid, as he thrust up away from the can and deeper into Ray's ass. Ray let out another groan as Sid quickly rolled off him looking around to see who had goosed him. Tom and I were laughing as I handed Sid a cold can of beer, and pressed another can against Ray's ass cheeks.

"Dammit!" yelled Ray, as he quickly rolled over; causing his hard dick to, almost, stand straight up. With that Sid joined in the laughter as I handed the cold can to Ray. Once Ray saw he was had, he joined in, also.

As we popped our cans, Tom held his up, in a toast. "Here's to a good fuck." He said. We all clicked our cans to his and had a drink. "Yeah, but there are two dry assholes here," I said. I reached over to stroke Ray's cock which was starting to droop. "Tell you what. As much as I would like to have this thing back in my ass, I'm willing to share. Tom, Sid, you get to choose who skewers whom."

"Shit, that's easy." Said Tom, "Keep that dick hard, Bob." He went over to the table and grabbed a tube of lube. He came back to the mattress and smeared a gob onto Ray's cock, moving my hand out of the way. After getting the rod nicely coated, he climbed onto the mattress, straddling Ray. He leaned forward a bit and reached back and took ray's cock and guided it to his love anus. He sat back on it and we watched as the knob popped through his anal ring. Tom then sat back slowly, letting out a groan and a sigh, as his asshole nestled tight against Ray's pelvic bone. He then started a slow bounce on ray's cock to get started. Ray moaned a little bit, and reached down, cupping Tom's ass cheeks to help him slide up and down. 

Sid and I wandered back over to the couch, sitting, drinking our beers and watching Tom, bouncing on Ray's cock. Sid put his arm around my shoulder, pulling me closer to him. He started to nuzzle my ear, sending chills down my spine. He set his beer on the side table and wrapped his hand around my cock. The cold hand, from holding the beer can, made me gasp. He started a slow stroke while he continued to nuzzle and kiss my neck. I lay my head back on his shoulder and he trailed his kisses up my check to my lips. He didn't go for tongue, this time. He just trailed the kisses around my lips and I returned as many as I could. Then he trailed them down my neck and to my nipples. He nipped and bit around them for a while, as his hand slid down my shaft to my ball sack, caressing my nuts and tugging gently on the sack.

His kisses trailed lower, over my belly, to where his lips were just brushing the tip of my cock. My cock jerked and my hips thrust upward to get between those lips, but he had other plans. His lips missed my shaft completely as he kissed down through my fuzz to the base of my cock. Meanwhile his fingers had slid back to where they were circling and prodding at my love anus. 

His lips slid down my ball sack until he could use his tongue to caress my nuts, sucking each one, gently, into his mouth. While he was mouthing my nuts, he started a low growling hum, which vibrated right into my bones. 

The groans from across the room got louder too. I laid my head over to see what was going on. Ray had rolled Tom over onto his back. With Tom's legs over Ray's shoulders, Ray was pumping that lily-white ass for what it was worth. Ray's hands were a blur as he stroked Tom's cock with every thrust into his ass hole.
