 I've always been a little attracted to guys, but I can't ignore it any longer. I've even started dreaming about my best friend Ted. Ted and me have been like best buds and brothers since I can remember. He moved in next door when I was first born, now he's twenty so that leaves me at eighteen and graduated since last year. Ted takes summer courses at the local college every summer and normal courses during the year. Tonight we're going to stay over his house while his folks are gone and raise some hell. Which probably means watch some old horror flicks until we're in tears from the bad graphics and bloody scenes and play video games until our eyes won't stay open any longer. 

When Ted got home he went into his house and I watched him from my room. Ted was always incredibly attractive yet I can't recall him ever dating anyone. He's been on a few dates before, but he never really dated. I never have by choice. Women can be too much trouble sometimes. After a while Ted came up to my room and knocked on my door with his usual knock. I came out and went over to his house with him, looking down at his nice tight skater butt as he walked. We'd been skating buddies for a while as well. He taught me most of what I know now and I'm pretty good if I do say so myself. 

The night got underway with the official ordering of food. Tonight it was Chinese. We both scarfed down our share over some games and videos on MTV. Then came time for the cheesy horror movies. It was pretty late when I looked at the clock. We sat on his couch at separate ends leaning towards the middle. Just then Ted got up and walked over to the DVD player when the movie was done and put in a new one. 

"What's this one?" I asked sitting back up again. 

"You'll see." Ted said with an evil smile on his face.

I laid back and watched as a naked chick popped up on screen. 

"Ted, you rented a porn for us to watch?!" I asked more excited than anything.

"If you don't wanna watch it that's cool." 

"No I do I'm just surprised that's all." I said making sure he didn't turn it off. 

My length was already stirring in my pants just from watching the video in Ted's presence. When I started getting into the movie I found Ted slipping closer to me, but I didn't think anything of it until I felt his hand slide over my thigh and dip in between my legs rubbing my rock hard cock. Ted got a smiled across his face and I closed my eyes letting him grab my balls through my pants as well. 

"Mmmm Ted." I moaned looking over at him.

Ted just licked his lips and pushed me into the corner with a kiss on the lips gently pecking at first then kissing over and over deeper and deeper until his tongue was nearly down my throat. He was such a great kisser I don't think I've ever been hornier in my life. My cock was throbbing in my jeans and I knew he could feel it on the inside of his leg as he rubbed is own against mine. Ted leaned back taking his shirt off to reveal his semi toned chest and I rubbed my hands across it's hairless smooth skin. I removed mine for him I was a little more tan and built than him from playing sports. I laid back down on my back letting him climb on top of me still kissing for a while. Our cocks rubbed one another through our jeans. I've never felt anything more arousing in all my days. 

Finally I sat up and unbuttoned my pants and pulled out the cock that was begging to come out. Ted had never seen my cock before and I've never seen his. He sat up and did the same as me letting my hands run all over the smoothest skin I've ever felt before. I leaned down and let my tongue snake over his head a few times then pulled him into my mouth with me hands under his soft ass holding his length deep in my throat then sucking at it greedily. Ted's ass cheeks tightened under my fingers as he bucked into my open mouth accepting all of his eight inches. I'd never really done this before, but I knew what I liked so I hoped it was what he liked as well. His moans only made me go faster, it made me so hot hearing his pleads of "Oh suck me Will please don't stop.". 

After a little while of sucking him in and out of my mouth he whimpered and his muscles tightened.

"Will I'm gonna.." Before he could finish a stream of his hot juices shot into my throat and I swallowed it the best I could. He continued to release into my mouth as I greedily lapped up the rest from his spasming cock. I'd never heard my best friend cry out in pleasure before and I wanted to hear it a lot more. My breath was short and I climbed back up to him. 

"Let me take your sweet ass Ted please." I begged and he smiled rolling over exposing his hot ass to me. He'd gotten a shower not too long ago so I leaned down and placed my tongue on his puckered hole letting it lick around then buried my face into his ass plunging my tongue in and out. Ted began to moan once again and was rock hard and ready to go in no time. 

I lubed myself up with some lotion that was on the coffee table and rocked my head back and forth over his hole. My head slid in without a problem and soon was followed by the rest of my throbbing cock. I felt like I could cum already from his tight walls squeezing in on me. I stayed there for a moment and began to pump in and out of him making him outburst in little quick breaths from hitting his pleasure spot. My hand cupped his balls and then wrapped around his length letting my rhythmic pumping do the work on stroking his cock. Just as I was about to release I bucked into him repeatedly slamming his ass in and out til my balls tightened and bursted out into his ass. When I thought it couldn't get better his bucked his hips back into me making the orgasm last even longer and I cried out so he knew what a good job he was doing. He'd came all over my hand while I still pumped myself into his tight ass hole when I finished orgasming in his tight hole and pulled out. I sat on the couch with my pants still down over my cock leaning against the back of it looking at the ceiling.

"Why don't you rent porn more often?" I asked jokingly. 

"I'll have to remember that next time you come over." Ted grinned a sexy grin back at me.