 I grew up in a small town and did not move to the city until college. There was not much opportunity for sex with girls in a small town. As a teenager, our sexual activity was confined to masturbating while looking at magazines like Playboy and Penthouse. We often had group masturbation sessions in the barn of one of our friend's father. Sometimes there would be as many as 6 of us sitting around with our pants and underwear around our ankles competing to see who could cum the fastest or shoot the farthest. I could often win the fastest competition but my cock was much smaller than most of the others and couldn't match the distance some of these guys could. Brad, whose father owned the barn we would meet in, was really hung. Where most of the guys would have 5 or 6 inches, Brad's cock was at least eight inches long, uncut, and thick. My cock, on the other hand was only 4 inches and skinny. While the other guys would fantasize about the models in the magazines, I would fantasize about Brad's cock. I guess I had penis envy. I would dream that Brad would stand up and come stand in front of me and start rubbing his beautiful hard cock all over my face and then shoving it's full length in my mouth, forcing me to suck him until he came.

One day, I was the only one at Brad's. We had been tossing a football around. When we tired of that, Brad suggested we head to the barn. My heart was pounding in my chest as we walked to the barn. When we got inside, we both dropped our pants. I was already hard and throbbing just with the thought of being alone with Brad. He must have sensed something was up (so to speak) because he looked at my hard on and commented that I was really eager. I couldn't keep my eyes off his cock. He noticed my staring and kind of laughed. I decided to go for broke. "Can I touch your cock?" I asked nervously, hoping he wouldn't punch me out. 

"I wondered why you were always staring at me, or my cock" Brad said. "Are you a queer?"

"I don't know if I am but I have dreamed of being alone with you while we jacked off for a long time" I told him.

"Why don't you come over hear and sit beside me?" Brad offered with a grin. Then, part of my dream came true as I sat down bedside him and took his magnificent cock in my hand. I almost came just from the touch. My hand would barely fit all around his massive girth. I slowly jacked his cock up and down, fascinated by his foreskin moving up and down, hiding the purple head, then exposing it. Precum started to flow profusely from the slit in his cock. I couldn't hold back any longer. I fell to my knees and started licking his mushroom shaped cockhead.

"I thought you would do that!" Brad laughed. "You are quite the little faggot aren't you? Well go on, suck my dick fag. I'm gonna shoot a load of cum into you and you're going swallow it all like a good little pussy"

I opened wide and engulfed his cockhead between my lips. The taste was fantastic. I couldn't wait to have his cum in my mouth. I started bobbing my head up and down his cock rapidly, hoping he would fill my mouth with his jizz. "Slow down", he said. "Lick my balls." I did with pleasure, tasting his musty sweat. I tried to take one of his balls in my mouth but it was too big. I licked up the shaft of his rigid penis, ending at the heads as it peeked out from the foreskin. I slid my tongue into the slit and was rewarded with more precum. I then took him in my mouth again and continued sucking. After a few minutes, I felt his body tense and he grabbed my head and starting pounding his cock in and out of my mouth. "I'm coming" he yelled and I felt his cock throb, and I was soon choking as he shot load after load of hot, sweet and yet sour cum into my mouth. After about 4 shots, he pulled his still hard cock from my mouth and grabbed it in his fist and pumped it some more. And then he shot twice more right in my face! Pulling back his foreskin, he rubbed the head of his cock in the cum on my face and then shoved his cock back in my mouth. "Clean it good queerboy." Brad taunted. "It's good to the last drop." And it was. I didn't want to stop sucking him. Finally, he pulled it out of my mouth and said "Good blowjob faggot. Maybe tomorrow I'll tell the other guys that you want to do them. "Please don't tell, Brad" I pleaded. "I'll do anything you want. I'll suck your dick whenever you want me to -- just don't say anything to the other guys."

Brad grinned at me and said "Ok, I won't tell. But you will have to suck me off everyday." And I did for the next 6 months until Brad's family moved away. I sure missed him or at least his yummy cock.

There were a few other cocks I sucked until I went to college, but not many and not regularly. When I got to college, I met Mandy and after she and I started having sex, I did not think of sucking cocks too much.

After college, I married Eve and settled into a job in the city. Sex was frequent and exciting with her at first, but as the years passed, it became routine and almost boring. It was more for release than for pleasure. After 10 years, Eve only had sex for me; she did not seem to enjoy it much.

A couple of months ago, Eve's Mom got sick and she had to take a leave of absence from work and go across country to look after her while she recovered. I missed her and started masturbating a lot. I would go to the adult bookstore near us and rent movies to jack off to. One night I wandered into the gay section by accident (or was it?) and when I looked at the covers and saw a guy with a cock in his mouth I got extremely excited and began to reminisce about my youth. I picked out a couple of gay movies and took them home. I came so hard within about 2 minutes of the first movie! I shot a load about 10 feet across the room. I came about 5 times that night and each time was fantastic. From then on, all I thought about was sucking a cock again. I started cruising gay bookstores, but could not get up the courage to do anything.

And then, one day I was having a swim in the condo pool early in the morning. As I was leaving the pool, one of the jocks from our building came in for a swim. I could not help but notice the bulge in his Speedos. This got me fantasizing again. I decided to take a sauna to get my mind of cock. I stripped off my suit, grabbed a towel and headed into the sauna. It was empty, so I sat on the lower bench so I could put water on the rocks as needed. After about 10 minutes, who should walk into the sauna, but the guy in the Speedo -- and with just a towel around his neck. I immediately looked at his crotch. He was huge and was not even hard. His cock was thick and hung down about 7 inches. I could feel my cock getting hard as I was unable to tear my eyes away from his prodigious member. I was going to try to hide my erection, but before I could, he noticed and grinned at me. Then he reached down, took his cock in his hand, and while looking right in my eyes, he starting stroking his cock. It began to grow bigger and harder, and was soon standing out a good 9 inches. He moved closer to me until his cock was so close I could smell it. Memories of sucking Brad came back to me with a flood. I leaned forward and opened my mouth, engulfing his sweaty dick. The taste was even better than I remembered. I dropped to my knees to get better access and started pumping his cock with my hand while taking as much as I could in my mouth. I was so hungry for the taste of cum I just sucked and pumped as hard as I could. Then, his cock exploded, filling my mouth with hot cum. He came so much it was coming out of my mouth and running down my chin. After he finished, he popped out of my mouth, wiped the last few drops of cum across my face and then turned around and walked out of the sauna. I did not even know his name! I grabbed my cock and started cranking it in frenzy. It took about 10 seconds before I was shooting all over the place.

That was the beginning of many more encounters, but I'll save them for future stories. As I left the sauna, I noticed an older black man sitting on the bench in the change room who gave me a knowing look and a smile. I thought maybe he might have come to the sauna and saw the activity going on through the window. I also noticed he had an enormous cock hanging between his legs. Maybe I thought.