 First, all events described in this story actually happened to me. I've finally decided to put it to writing to see what others think.

Just some details about me: I'm currently 33, I'm 5'11", 195 lbs and by most accounts most people say I'm attractive (black hair, goatee, olive complexion, hairy chest). I am currently married but this story is about events that happened when I was single (starting about 4 yrs ago). 

Growing up I've always loved women (and still do). I guess thoughts of being with a man started occurring after watching numerous X-rated movies. At first I would get off just watching the women giving blow jobs and getting fucked. Then I guess I started paying attention on what kinds of looks the women were giving with a cock in their mouth. They seemed to enjoy it so much so I began thinking what would it be like to have my mouth stuffed with some guy's cock. That led to many masturbatory fantasies that kept me satisfied for some time. The thought of a guy just using my mouth for his pleasure just thrilled me. 

Soon, however, these thoughts were just not enough. I had used numerous telephone chat lines to meet women before (usually for a quick one night stand). It soon dawned on me that I could use these services to possibly meet men. And that started the next phase of my "initiation to cock sucking." I would go on phone chat lines, get on the women's line and talk to men (who I guess were initially there to talk to women). My greeting would be something like, "very horny male, looking to have his mouth used by a man and be a cum bucket, no reciprocation necessary."

Despite being on a heterosexual line, you would not believe the responses I would get. I would get young men, old men, single and married men sending me messages saying how they would like to choke me with their dicks and fill my mouth with warm cum. 

With this auditory stimulus I would soon have my own cum shoot from my cock. This was definitely much better than just fantasizing in my head. Sometimes they would give me their phone number and beg me to come over now. For about 1 1/2 years this went on where I would get into some erotic conversation but chicken out before taking it to actually meeting someone. But, as those of you who might have had similar experience, this too was not enough. The combination of watching women enjoy cock on film, the fantasies of taking a cock in my mouth as well as actually talking to guys who wanted to use me sent me to the next stage, I wanted a real live cock in me. 

I started frequenting adult video stores and actually had men in booths with me, but it was I who was receiving the blow jobs (which I admit were fantastic, guys really know how to please other guys I thought). Sometimes they would ask if I return the favor, but I guess it was bit too soon for me, and I would decline. 

I guess one day, I was just particularly horny, and after work drove to a nearby adult video store, one which I knew had video booths in the back (because I had been there before). Anyway, I made up my mind, this was going to be my initiation to sucking cock. 

It was early evening, but even so there were men loitering around the booths in the back. The hallways were dark but you could see the men occasionally glance at each other. There was one guy that I guess I caught his eye. He was white, probably in his 50's. Anyway, I stepped into a booth and put my money it. These booths were designed so that there was no door and unfortunately did not have glory holes available for anonymous cock sucking. Rather, as you walked by you can see men sharing a booth engaged in all sorts of sex. Well I sat down at my booth and lo and behold, the old man came to the entrance and paused, I guess awaiting invitation to step in. I kind of looked up to him and smiled, motioning him in. He stood in front of me which basically brought his groin right to my nose. 

Well there's no turning back now, right? I thought to myself. I had that question answered as he unzipped his pants and pulled them down around his ankle. I was now staring at a beautiful cock, it truly was amazing, I would say about 7 1/2 inches long with a nice head, some bulging veins around it. I stroked it for a bit. It grew hard in my hands and I knew he wanted me to put it in my mouth (he had his hand behind my head pushing it towards his cock). Well I opened my lips and before I knew it, he pushed that large head in there. 

That's when I knew I was a cocksucker. I sucked on the mushroom head and licked the shaft. He pushed his cock to the back of my throat, which was a neat sensation. His balls were against my chin and he was just fucking my mouth. I have to tell you that at this point I had my cock out and was jerking on it furiously. I don't know how long this lasted, it seemed like time stood still. Here was this guy, almost twice my age, whom I knew nothing of, impaling my mouth with his stiff cock. 

He didn't care about my name (nor I his) and just 15 minutes ago I would have never thought I would be connected to this man intimately, my lips wrapped around his cock. It was too much sensation and I came on the floor. At this point I couldn't help but stop sucking the cock. He tried to persuade me to continue so he could dump his load in my mouth. I guess I wasn't ready to swallow yet and kind of left him to finish himself. 

On the ride back home I replayed the event in my head. I felt a little guilty with some remorse, but then most of the time I was just turned on. Since then I met another guy, mid 30's, over the phone chat line and actually had him come over to my house. This time it was a lot more relaxing, didn't have to worry about getting caught. I had him lay on the couch and I really took my time with his cock. After a bit of playing with his balls, sucking the tip, and licking the shaft, this time I was rewarded with a cum blast in my mouth. I don't think I had time to enjoy the taste, I don't think it was very thick (he was probably jerking off many time prior like I had been before we met). But a lot of it dribbled down my chin which I wiped up with a towel.

As I said, I have since married and no longer do this, but my thoughts occasionally go back to these times of exploration, and my cock gets hard (which it is right now while I'm writing this story) thinking about the time I was someone's cum bucket.

If you enjoyed my true story or have any experiences of your own, please send a response.