 One day a young handsome, 6 foot, dark haired man knocked on my front door wearing nothing more than a tee shirt and tan shorts asking if I was the local nude photographer. Looking past this young man to see who was with him and seeing no one, I replied yes and would he like to make an appointment for his woman? He smiled and said yes that would be nice but could I take some pictures of him, naked? Looking rather surprised I kindly begged his pardon and replied that I don't shoot nude males. He assured me that money was not a problem and really wanted me to take some pictures for him. At this point I couldn't help but notice that his shorts were beginning to bulge in front, being a photographer I do notice these things. Was this young man getting an erection standing there in my front doorway? After explaining to him several times that I wasn't interested in a photo shoot with him, he went and did the most unusual thing, he dropped his shorts to the ground, no underwear on and sporting the biggest cock I've ever seen, and it was only semi hard. Now this got my attention real fast. 

I grabbed him by his tee shirt and pulled him inside before the neighbors could see him standing there with his bare ass and big dick hanging out and his pants around his ankles. To make things worse, my wife is sitting in the living room taking all this in. Sorry to say I wasn't all that polite, and told him he had to leave. About that time my wife, Debbie speaks up and hollers, "I'll take the pictures for him." Yeah, right! I'm not letting her get anywhere near that young man.

This perhaps was the beginning of my fixation of another penis other than my own. Damn, his cock was big and did I mention he shaved all of his pubic hair off? I've never seen that before. Actually I haven't seen another male penis since my child hood. "Maybe a glance or two in a public restroom" but other than that, nothing to speak of or remember. My wife does shave her pussy mound and several of the gals I photographed do also, I found it rather odd that a man would shave down there. Except for the dark hair on his head, he was baby smooth all over. Little did I know, I would end up shaving my own pubic area latter in life. Shaved and single again.

 CHAPTER TWONude Beach CHAPTER THREEDo I act on my desires?