 Thanks for your feedback regarding the first part of this story. As it's my first attempt I'm glad you enjoyed it. Here is the 2nd instalment. Also a correction on Part 1; Scott is actually Glenn (I changed the name but missed 2 entries). 

***

They reached the rocky outcrop at the top of the hill.

"This is my favourite spot," Glenn said.

Ryan whistled, "Nice, stunning view."

"I like to get naked up here," Glenn added.

"Sounds good to me," Ryan said and immediately began shedding his clothes. Glenn followed suit and soon they were both stark naked in front of each other, with the exception that Ryan kept his cap on. Just being naked in front another boy and a hot one at that caused Glenn's cock to get an instant erection. A gentle breeze swept over their naked bodies causing their skin to tingle and their already tight ball sacks to tighten further. Glenn parted his legs and put his hands behind his head arching his back savouring the way the air danced around his skin. Ryan let out a little gasp and his body was suddenly covered in goosebumps.

"Ooh that felt nice," he said.

"Yeah, I love the feel of the breeze on my skin, I feel even more naked when that happens," said Glenn, "I love to wank to it too."

"Can't wait to try it," Ryan said.

Glenn lowered his arms and looked at the naked teen in front of him.

"You've got a nice body," he said reaching out and stroking Ryan's chest.

"Thanks, So do you," Ryan replied.

Glenn's hand traced down to his tuft of hair above his cock and tickled them. Ryan groaned in delight and his cock began to stiffen.

"I like your hairs too, I wish I had some," Glenn said.

"Don't be too eager, I love that you haven't. Perhaps you're just a late developer?"

By now Ryan's cock was perpendicular to the ground, Glenn noticed and began to stroke it.

"And your cock is so huge," he said. Ryan groaned at his touch.

Glenn wanted that cock in his mouth again and dropped to his knees. He stuck out his tongue and licked a small amount of pre cum that had appeared at the slit. He then opened his mouth and let his lips slide over the massive tool. He closed his eyes and tried to take it deeper than he had before, he stopped when he felt it at the back of his throat.

'Wow,' he thought, 'I must be deep,' until he opened his eyes and saw he had only gotten a third of it in.

"Oh god your mouth feels good on my cock!" Ryan said. Glenn was pleased.

Ryan then grabbed Glenn by the arms and pulled him up.

"I said I have more to show you, have you heard of rimming?"

"No what is it?"

"Get on the ground and stick your arse in the air and I'll show you."

Glenn did so without question, eager to please his new friend. Ryan positioned himself behind him and began stroking Glenn's buttocks. He admired the curvy hips, the slender thighs, the tight sack just below that tight virgin hole that he could swear was winking at him. His own cock was aching now wishing he could just ram it into that sweet hole but he knew he would have to take it easy. He lent forward and extended his tongue, it made contact with Glenn's little bud causing him to gasp loudly and turn his head to look back.

"OH WOW! That feels amazing!" he exclaimed.

Ryan's tongue now started flicking around the ring of muscle and Glenn let out a long groan of ecstasy.

"Oh my god! Where did you learn that?" he asked panting.

Ryan ignored him and carried on. Glenn dropped his face to the ground and pushed his hips back into Ryan's eager tongue. Ryan's free hands began to caress Glenn's tight ball sack and cock pulling it back so it was pointing down at the ground. Glenn was in heaven, he never would have guessed that his anus would be so erotic. He hoped that he and his new friend would be able to come up here regular to do this. Ryan pulled away.

"Did you like that?" he asked still playing with Glenn's cock and balls.

"Fuck yeah!" Glenn replied.

"Well I got something else to show you," he added.

He traced a line from Glenn's ball sack to the puckered hole with his forefinger and traced circles around it. Then he slowly slid his finger inside the saliva from rimming making it slippery enough. Glenn gasped at this new sensation finding he wanted more. He pushed back with his hips again causing the finger to slide deeper.

"Mmmmmmm" he groaned.

By now Ryan's finger was deep in the boy's hole and he began to feel around, very quickly he found the spot. Glenn shuddered.

"Oh! What's that?"

"It's your G-spot."

"I though I was going to cum when you touched it," he said.

"That's the idea."

Ryan had stopped playing with Glenn's cock but he held it still pointing further back. He then continued to massage the boy's prostrate. Glenn didn't know if he wanted to cum or piss and soon he was writhing with pressure building up in his groin.

"Oh god! Oh wow! Fuck, Urrgh!"

His breathing became erratic and faster.

"Oh god, I'm gonna cum!"

Ryan kept the pressure up on the G-spot. Glenn's body began to shudder as he reach the pinnacle of his orgasm.

"OH FUCK! ARRRRGGGHHH! I'M CUMMMIIINNNNGGG!" and his body convulsed as a bolt of semen shot out of his cock. Ryan was ecstatic that he had been able to make the boy cum just by massaging his prostrate. He marvelled at the boys earth shattering orgasm and the streams of cum erupting from his rock hard cock. Ryan was so worked up from this he knew that if he just touched his own cock it would erupt.

"Oh my god! That was incredible!" Glenn said, panting heavily.

"You liked it then?" Ryan asked removing his finger.

"Liked it? I loved it! I've never cum like that ever!"

Ryan giggled.

"Would you like me to do that to you?" Glenn asked.

Ryan smiled and nodded. He lay on his back and pulled his legs up to his chest, in this position his cock almost reached his chest too. Glenn lay on his front, his head right by Ryan's butt and closely inspected his sphincter. This is the first time he had ever seen anyone else's anus any let alone stick his tongue there. He was surprised how clean and neat it looked, inviting him to play. He stuck his tongue out and lightly licked it. Ryan threw his head back and let out a long deep groan. Glenn was turned on knowing that his actions was giving Ryan so much pleasure. Glenn began flicking his tongue.

"Oh god that feels good! Oh fuck yeah!" Ryan exulted.

Ryan was now slowly stroking his cock, pushing it back so it loomed over Glenn's face.

"Oh yes Glenn, lick my ass."

Glenn started to push deeper with his tongue. Ryan couldn't believe it, here was this really cute sexy boy licking out his ass! He was in seventh heaven. Glenn then pulled out and knelt up placing his legs either side ready to finger him. His cock now full erect again touched Ryan's ring.

"Oh god Glenn, I want you to fuck me, I want your cock in my ass." he said with urgency.

"What? Won't that hurt?"

"No, just make sure you wet your cock good first." he instructed.

Glenn looked at his cock touching the entrance to Ryan's bowels. It was very inviting and Glenn's cock stiffened further at the prospect of entering. Glenn spat on his hands and lathered up his cock. He then guided his cock head to the hole and gently pushed.

"Oh yes, get your cock in my ass." Ryan gasped.

It didn't to seem to want to go in so Glenn applied more pressure. Ryan relaxed and suddenly the head of Glenn's cock slipped past the tight ring of muscle. Both boys gasped. Glenn loved the warmth and the tightness on his cock. He pushed again, his cock slowly inching it's way in. Soon his balls was touching Ryan's ass.

"Oh yeah, fuck me!" Ryan demanded.

Glenn began to pump Ryan's ass, slowly at first pulling his cock back to the tip then sliding it in to the base. Ryan slowly pumped his cock pushing against Glenn's chest, he knew it wouldn't be long before he shot his load. Glenn picked up his pace, this felt wonderful, the sight of his cock sliding in and out of Ryan's ass was really turning him on. Ryan was holding back his orgasm, he didn't want to shoot too soon, he wanted to cum when Glenn did. Glenn didn't think he would be able to shoot for a third time but the pressure building in his groin told him differently. His pace quickened further as his impending orgasm neared. Ryan was grunting and moaning with each thrust. Glenn wondered if he was hurting him but it didn't sound like cry's of pain. Another breeze picked up and lapped around their bodies tickling Glenn's now tight and very sensitive scrotum. This tipped him over the edge.

"Oh god! I'm gonna cum!" he announced ready to pull out.

"Oh yes, cum in my ass, shoot that load," Ryan said.

Glenn obliged and instead of pulling out he gave one last push and his cock erupted deep into Ryan's ass.

"OHHHHH! FUUUUUCCCCKKK!" Ryan shouted as his own cock erupted showering Glenn's chest, neck and face

Their bodies now spent Glenn leant over and kissed Ryan and for the second time that day Ryan tasted his own cum on Glenn's face. Glenn pulled is wilting cock from Ryan's ass and lay down on his back next to him. Ryan lowered his legs and turned on his side to face Glenn propping his head up with his arm. They didn't speak for what seemed like ages but just looked in each others eyes. Ryan placed his free hand on Glenn's chest and rubbed his cum into his soft sweet skin.

"Got anything else you want to show me?" Glenn said breaking the silence.

"Lots," Ryan replied smiling.

"I haven't seen you around here before," Glenn commented.

"I'm on holiday, got here yesterday. I'm staying with my brother and his wife in Rose cottage"

"Oh," Glenn was disappointed and turned his head away.

"I may be staying permanently though."

Glenn snapped his head back, "Why's that?"

"Well now that I've met you," Glenn smiled. "Besides, my mother died last month and I don't get along with my step father. I came down here to get away from him and I don't particularly want to go back. He can be a complete bastard."

"I'm sorry to hear about your mother," Glenn said sympathetically.

"That's ok, she was in so much pain. I'm just glad she's not suffering any more," Ryan replied.

Glenn could just hear the emotion in Ryan's voice and he realised he would really miss his own mother if she died. 

"Anyway I need to persuade my brother to let me stay longer. He's already said he'll think about it but I need to find a job."

"I hope you find one, I hope you stay."

"Me too."

They lay in silence for a while as more summer breezes danced around them.

"This is going to be the best vacation ever," Ryan said. Glenn smiled.