 First off, thank you for taking time to read my story. As with all my stories, this is 100% true. Just in case this is your first time reading one of my stories, let me give you some background. I am a 45 year old male. I've lived as a heterosexual most of my life until about 10 years ago. At which time, I began having a strong desire to suck cock. The urge grew until I eventually gave in to temptation. After locating a safe gentleman online, I gave my first blowjob. I discovered that I loved sucking cock. Over the next 10 years, orally pleasing men became one of my favorite pastime. Every few months I'd get the familiar craving and I would start my search again. I serviced several men only once but I eventually found an older gentleman that I sucked regularly and exclusively for 5 years.

During which time I met a wonderful woman and our friendship grew stronger. I began thinking that could trust her with my homosexual desires. Needless to say, the thought of admitting to someone of my sexual pastime was terrifying at best. However, she and I had become so close and I felt a lack of judgement around her that I really wanted her to know. So, I mustered the courage and confided in her that I was by definition bisexual and that I occasionally enjoyed sucking a hard cock off. 

To make a long story short, she was very understanding and supportive. She was very interested in some of my stories and asked many questions. The more I shared, the hornier we became...the harder we fucked.

"You're my little cocksucker, aren't you?" she asked. "Pretend my swollen clit is one of your hard cocks." Then she pushed her delicious pussy in my face. 

All this sex talk made me so much hornier for cock as well as for her. So much so that we discussed the possibility of her watching me perform fellatio. This only made her hornier. She was more than willing to witness me sucking a guy off. We fucked and came harder that morning than usual. When I asked my regular guy if he'd be interested in adding a spectator, he was not interested. I explained to him that she was totally safe. He declined. I never met with him again. 

After lots of searching, we found another local guy who was willing to get sucked off while being watched by a female. The three of us met one morning. I was a little nervous. It almost seemed like my first time again. She was very calm and he was equally collected. Let's call our gentleman Mr. D. When he arrived, she motioned for me to side down beside her on the floor. She made me face her putting Mr. D behind me. When I sat down, she leaned over and passionately kissed me. While were kissing, she motioned for him to undress. When I turned around he was naked sitting on the couch. 

His cock was already hard. He had a very nice cock. Clean shaven, smooth and very stiff. We both went to him on our knees. She lifted his cock with her pretty hand and placed it in my mouth. I looked her straight in the eyes as I went down on him. She watched as I sucked and licked on his huge hard cock. I could hear her whimpers and low moans. She rubbed his legs while I enjoyed this dick in my mouth.

"Does it feel good?" she asked.

"Yes, you have taught him well." he answered.

She rubbed my hair as I took as much of him I could into my mouth. I gagged slightly as I relaxed and tried to push him into my throat. Needing a better angle, I climbed up on the couch laying beside him. 

While I was moving, she stood and took her jeans off revealing a sexy thong. From my new position I could go down farther. As I sucked him deeper, she slid her hand into her panties and made this nearly inaudible sweet cooing sound. The site of her masturbating sent Mr.D over the edge. With a ragged breath, he announced that he was cumming and his hot load filled my mouth. I stared into her green eyes as his cum spurted and flooded my mouth.

At that time, I had never swallowed cum, so I got up and went to the bathroom. I watched my reflection in the mirror as I let the cum run out of my mouth. His thick, white load dripped into the sink. When I returned, he was getting dressed because she had dismissed him. 

We enjoyed an incredible fuck session after he left. We met with him another couple of times and eventually tried a few other guys. I will later write about them later. Hope you have enjoyed this.