 My first experience happened right after I had graduated from high school in the late seventies. I lived in Huntington Beach and the summer after I graduated I would hitch hike to the beach and spend the day body surfing, sun bathing and looking at all of the hot girls. At the end of this particular day I was hitch hiking a ride home. This blond hair tan surfer type guy picks me up. We started chatting about this and that and he asked if I liked to party. I was a big pot smoker and beer drinker back then, so I said yes I did. He asked if I wanted to get high. It was a dry summer that year and I was dying to get high. So he made a u-turn and started heading up the coast to Seal Beach where he lived.

We arrived at this apartment complex called "The Oakwood's" and he took me up to his apartment. We smoked some weed and drank a beer. I had a leg cramp from body surfing that day and I was kind of limping when I walked. He noticed and said "Here take this pill and it will make you feel better". God only knows what that pill was. One thing for sure I was sure relaxed. He told me he knew how to massage muscles as well. The next thing you know he has me lay down on his bed. It was a studio apartment so his bed was right next to the kitchen. I am just this dumb eighteen year old kid so I did just what he told me to do. He started rubbing my sore leg. It felt good but at that time it was not sexual at all... at least I thought so. He started working his way up my leg and started to get his hand under my swim shorts. Remember this is the late 70's... they were pretty short back then. 

I asked him what he was doing and he said "I am rubbing your sore muscles". He did it again and I was like "hey what is going on man"? He asked me if I had ever been with another guy. I was pretty buzzed and relaxed from that pill he gave me so I told him briefly about my first time with my older cousin. He made like there are nothing wrong with what I had done. Besides that the leg rubbing was starting to turn me on as well as me telling him about my first time with my cousin. So I let him continue to explore that area under my swim shorts. He started to rub my penis with his hand. It felt really good. He asked me if he could pull my pants down and I said yes as I closed my eyes.

He started to stroke my penis until I was completely erect. He then without saying a word lowered his mouth to my penis and took me deep into his mouth. Fuck that felt good! I had not been with a girl yet, so this was my first real blow job and it was being done by another guy! He rubbed my balls and sucked on me not too hard so that I wouldn't come to quick I guess. He was standing next to his bed bending over me, so I could see his penis poking through his swim shorts. I reached up and took hold of it and rubbed him through his shorts. He was a little bigger then me and hard as nails now that I was touching him. He stopped sucking me and asked me if he should take his shorts off. I told him yes. He asked me if I would like to suck on his penis and I said yes I did. He then stood up and took his pants off, and then he came closer to the bed and offered me his hard-on.

I turned onto my right side and took his penis into my left hand and guided him into my waiting mouth. I never thought about wanting to be with another guy before, I was totally into girls, but this big hard cock felt really sexy in my mouth. I licked his head and bit and then I would take a couple of inches into my mouth bobbing up and down on his penis. I asked him if I was doing it right. He replied... "Are you sure you haven't done this before"? Just that one time with my cousin... He told me to move over so that he could get on the bed as well. He then knelt by me and told me to take him in my mouth again... My cock was throbbing and dripping with tons of pre-cum. God his dick felt so good in my mouth. I loved sucking on his cock. He then lay down next to me and took me into his mouth and I was locked up in a hot 69 with this guys dick in my mouth and mine in his mouth. We bobbed up and down on each other. It was too much for me. I started to cum violently! He kept sucking on me taking my seed down his throat. 

Then I felt his penis swell and get really hard. So I sucked harder still all the while Cumming into his mouth. He erupted his semen into my mouth. I just kept sucking and swallowing his cum. This was a first. We lay back down on the bed and he asked me "So what did I think"? I told him I didn't know what to think. I thought I was straight and I liked girls. Was I gay now?? I really enjoyed it, but I didn't want to be a gay... he said "you're bi-sexual and to enjoy it"

Still waiting for the second time to come...