 I was an average, happily married white guy. We had been married for 18 years with an excellent sex life. I had never in my life ever thought of being with another man in any form.

We live in a nice upscale middle class neighborhood. Everyone knows everyone, and we all get along very well. Neighborhood picnics, hanging out, camping, all that.

When we first moved there everyone was really nice to us and made us feel welcome. We soon became friends with everyone. I quickly made a best friend with my neighbor Melvin. He is a middle aged black man dark as coal. And he was cool as hell. Funny, easy to talk with, and love to debate. Even if he had absolutely no idea of what he was talking about. His motto was, "If you can't dazzle them with diamonds, then baffle them with bullshit." And he was good at it.

Maybe that is why we got along so well? Anyway, we both loved to play poker. Every Monday and Thursday night we would go to the local casino and play for a few hours. Those were the only nights I could get out. Mel wasn't married so he played almost every night. This went on for over two years. Mel really looked forward to playing. He was good at it always finishing in the money whenever we played in tournaments. 

We would take turns driving to play and one night it was his turn so I went over to his house to go. When I got there he was just pulling into the drive. He had to work late that day. I pissed and moaned a bit, but he sad let me take a shower and we can leave right away. He told me I watch the baseball game on TV while he got ready. That was cool because our team was heading towards the playoffs. I turned on the TV and he said to come upstairs because he had a 64 inch screen in his bedroom. Well I was all for that.

He went to take his shower and when he came out of the bathroom he was totally naked. He wasn't a "hunk" or anything like that, but he was so dark. Almost a purple sheen to his skin, and it made his dick look, well beautiful. I couldn't take my eyes off it. It wasn't huge, ( I later measured it nd it was 7.5 inches with an nice girth ). He didn't say anything and walked over to where I was sitting and stood about 3 inches away from me. As I watched his dick got hard and he put it against my lips. I have no idea why, but he pushed it just a bit and I opened my mouth. I started with just the head and worked almost the entire thing in my mouth. He just stood there letting me suck. Then he took my head in his hands and slowly started to fuck my mouth. I heard him say that he knew I was going to be a good bitch and to just relax and enjoy it. I did just that and was overcome with the desire and lust I had to suck his dick. All of a sudden I felt his dick get a bit thicker and he told me he was going to cum. He started to pull out and I grabbed his ass and held him in my mouth as he shot a huge load of cum in it. All I wanted at that time was to taste his cum. I took every drop and then swallowed it all. He kept his dick in my mouth for a few seconds then pulled it out. When he did there was a drop of cum at the very tip. I stuck out my tongue and licked it off.

It was a bit awkward afterwards and I didn't know what to feel or say, so I just told him I would wait at the car for him. He came down and off we went to play poker. Not a word was said about what had happened. After we got home he asked if I wanted to have some coffee before I went home. I told him sure. As he was making coffee he said, "Well?" I said well what? What did you thing about earlier? Are you okay? I thought for a minute, then without saying a word stood up and walked over to him. I got on my knees, undid his pants pulling out his dick and started to suck it again. 

He kind of chuckled and said he would take that as I liked it. I just looked up at him and smiled with my mouth full of his dick. He stopped me and said let's go to the bedroom. Once there he told me to get undressed. I was little uncomfortable, but did as he asked. He had me lay on the bed and started to feel me up. He started to suck my nipples and I went crazy oohing and awing the whole time. I was pumping his dick while he was doing this. Then he came up to my face and started to kiss me. I wasn't sure about that, but he kept up and I opened my mouth and took his tongue. He is a really, really, good kisser. He started rubbing my tits, then my stomach, my legs, then my ass. The whole time kissing me passionately. 

Then I felt his fingers going up and down my asshole. I clinched it as tight as I could. But eventually I relaxed and he put a finger in me. It was uncomfortable at the start, but I soon relaxed and was lifting my ass to have it go deeper. It felt so good. Then he turned me over onto my stomach and started to massage my ass. He stopped for a second and reached into his night stand for something. It was lube. Before long I felt what I though was his finger going into my ass. It wasn't. It was his dick. I started to pull away and he held on telling me to relax. To just let it happen. I tried, and it hurt like hell and I told him so. He just said, " Give it a minuet little girl and it will feel very good ". It wasn't long before it did fell good. So very, very Good! I was pushing my ass back into him trying to get more of his dick in my ass. He stopped pulling out and turned me over. He put my legs on his shoulders and slipped his dick back into my ass saying that he wanted to watch me. 

He wanted to watch as I gave up my manhood. Then he kissed me deeply. He fucked me for about 15 min's.. I was whimpering, telling him just how good it felt and to please not stop. Then told me he was going to cum. He said that once he put his cum inside of me that I would no longer be a man, but a woman. I would have a pussy. He told me that I still had a chance to stay a man. Just tell him to pull out and that would be that. I looked him the eyes and told him to please fill my pussy with his cum and make me a woman. With that I wrapped my legs around him and kissed him hard until he shoved his dick as deep as possible and filled my new pussy with his black cum. Once we had recovered he told me that I was now his to fuck when and where he wanted. I just snuggled up and smiled. 

He was very considerate of my marriage. Making certain to not let anyone know what was going on with us. He was fucking me two times a week, but soon we both wanted more. I would tell my wife we were going fishing or to the bar for a drink and gave him my pussy whenever he wanted it. He always let me know that I was now a woman, his woman. He called one night and said he wanted to hit it, so I went over as soon as I could. When I got there he told me that he had gotten me a few presents. They were in the bathroom with a note. 

I went in and there was a package with a note. It said that I have become his dream girl but he wants me to not only act like one, but look like one as well. I opened it and there was a plaid skirt, a bra and thong, hose with garters, and some sexy black lace heels. All I could think was what the fuck?! But, it did excite me so I put them all on and walked into the bedroom. He just smiled walking over to me and began to kiss me. It was so hot. I sucked his dick and he fucked me three times that night.

A few days later he called and said he wanted to have a poker game at his house and would I like to come. I said hell yes! He said good but be here at about 6:30. The other players would be there at 7, but he needed help it setting everything up. I asked him who would be playing and he said a few of the guys from his work. 

Well the day came and when I got there he told me there was an outfit in the bedroom and to go put it on. It was a very nice short skirt with bra and panties, and heels. I came out and said what the fuck. You want me to dress as a woman for this?! He just looked at me and said yep. These are my close friends and I want them to meet my girlfriend tonight. Then he kissed me and told me to be a good girl and hurry as they would be coming soon. 

Well I thought what the hell and got dressed. The first guy was black, and they all were, and I was introduced as Darleen. He smiled at me and asked for a beer which I got for him. There were 4 others that came and they were all very respectful of me. Once the game got underway, one guy, Larry, made the comment that I was sexy as hell and congratulated Mel. Mel of course told him thank you and that I was sexy as hell and unbelievable in the bedroom. This of course got a bit of laughter from all of them and a blush from me. 

Then Larry looks at me and says that if I ever need some on the side he would be more than willing. I didn't know what to do or say, so just told him that my pussy belonged to Mel. The others just kind of smiled and nodded their heads. I swear Mel's chest swelled up a bit when I said that. He came over to me and said thank you baby giving me a kiss. Then he said that these men were his guests and it might be rude not to share a little bit. 

So I went over to Larry and undid his pants and started to suck his dick. He made sounds and told the others what a great cocksucker I was and they should all try me out. Then he said how much he would like to hit my pussy. I looked at Mel and he told me that if it was okay with me to take him back to the bedroom and let him fuck me. I knew that if I did, most probably they would all end up fucking me that night. I did and they all did. All five of them. One in particular was big. I mean BIG! He claimed he was 11 inches and I believe him. I took the entire dick in my pussy and loved it. I took every load they gave me and sucked their dick clean every time. It wasn't easy. I mean my pussy hadn't been used all that much and here I was having 5 black men fuck me in the same night. But I did it and was kind of proud of myself. So was Mel. 

This has been three years now. Mel fucks me 3/4 times a week, and I am also fucking 3 of the other guys at least once a week. I am especially fond of Demonte. He has the 11 inch dick and fucks forever. 2/3 time whenever we are together. He has told me many times that he wants to knock me up. I do so wish I could have a black baby!!