 Walt Curran was home on leave after serving two years in Naples, Italy. He had gone right into the Marines after high school and reported to Parris Island for boot camp. Three months of that and one month of ITR and he was off to Italy. It was December 1961 at Christmas time so he had taken ten days leave before reporting to Camp Lejeune in North Carolina. He had used much of his military leave in Italy traveling around the country with visits to France, Spain and Germany. It had been a great duty station in spite of the spit and polish and chicken shit requirements. He loved Europe particularly the women and he had his share of pussy over the past two years.

Now he was headed for Camp Lejeune, affectionately referred to as Swamp Lagoon. He knew that he would not be getting laid there unless he paid for it which he didn't object to as he had often paid for it in Naples. All his high school friends had gone to college and were home for Christmas break. The girls he dated in high school all had new boyfriends so he knew they would be off limits. He wasn't sure if he would get laid while home on leave but he hoped to score with someone. One day he was at the mall shopping for Christmas presents when he ran into his friend and former doubles partner Brent Fayer. Brent had earned a scholarship to Oxford and had been studying in England for over a year. He had started out at Columbia University.

Walt and Brent had both played high school soccer and tennis. They were doubles playing partners on the tennis team and had done quite well. Walt had also played on the basketball team. Brent was thrilled to run into to Walt and invited him to his house for a few beers and the opportunity to catch up on the past several years. Walt said he would stop over when he finished shopping. Both of Brent's parents worked so they would have the house to themselves that afternoon to visit. Walt arrived at 1:00 PM and Brent got them both beers. They talked about the military, college and sex. 

"Can I ask you a personal question?"

"Sure what's on your mind?"

"While in Europe did you ever have sex with a guy?"

Walt chuckled before he replied, "Yes, a couple of times. The first time I was sure it was a girl blowing me until he pulled out his little dick and jerked off."

"Was it always oral, you know just blow jobs or did you ever fuck one?"

"Actually I fucked a couple of cute gays that could have easily passed for girls, two on the Isle of Capri and one little hottie in Paris."

"Wow, did you like it?"

"Sure, I like anal sex and these gays had lovely asses. How about you Brent, did you have sex with guys in college?"

"Not at Columbia but at Oxford all the time. I'm gay now and I have a gay roommate at school."

"Wow that's a shocker. I remember that you and Bonnie were always fucking like rabbits."

"I know but I have learned to love cock now and I love getting butt fucked. Would you let me see your cock? Are you cool with that?"

Walt thought about it remembering that he probably wasn't going to get laid much over the holidays. If Brent wanted to suck his cock, why not let him? "Sure, I'm cool with that."

He stood up and began to unbuckle his belt but Brent stopped him. "Let me do that but let's go to my bedroom."

Brent took Walt into the bedroom and undressed with his back to Walt. He did that purposely so that his ass would be on display. He peeled off his underwear and it was like unveiling a master piece. Walt felt his cock harden in his pants.

Brent knelt down in front of Walt unbuckled the belt, unfastened the trousers and hooked his fingers in the skivvies. He pulled them down slowly so that the big cock would spring out of its confinement. Brent gasped when big thick big bobbed in front of his face. He pulled the skivvies down the muscular legs as Walt removed his shirt and stepped out of his trousers and underwear. Brent held the cock in his small hand as he admired it. He lowered his mouth and sucked on the head. He would never be able to deep throat the cock as it had to be close to eight inches long and it was thick. He had seen Walt in the locker room after a shower but he had never seen the cock in an erect state until then. 

Brent was an excellent cock sucker and Walt knew that he would cum soon. He pulled Walt closer and he began to fondle his balls and stroke his perineum. Walt was so turned on that he busted his nut quickly and flooded his friend's mouth. Brent handled the discharge expertly and sucked every drop out of the throbbing cock. He held onto the muscular buttocks as he continued to suck Walt's cock keeping it hard.

"Well, I'll say one thing. You sure learned how to suck cock in Oxford."

"Now I would love for you to fuck me. I want to feel that marvelous cock in my ass. Why don't you massage my ass and lubricate my anus," he directed as he moved to his bed and handed Walt a tube of cream.

There was a stark contrast in the two young men. Walt was 6'1" and 185 pounds. His body was chiseled as he kept himself in great shape. He had short dark brown hair cut military style and his hazel eyes were piercing. His body was nearly tan all over from all his days on Italian beaches Brent on the other hand was 5'5" and about 150 pounds. He had blonde hair and his body was lily white. His legs were shapely like a girl's and he had an ass most females would envy. 

Walt followed his friend's instructions and began to massage the lovely ass. He then worked the desirable ass just as he had any other guys and girls he had butt fucked. He lovingly massaged the shapely buttocks and lubricated the twitching asshole. He put one then two fingers in Brent's ass and finger fucked him for several minutes.

"I'm ready for you. I'm ready for you to put your big dick in me. Go slow and make this last a long time," Brent whispered sexily, "Not too deep at first and then deeper."

Staring the entire time at the beautiful curvy ass, Walt got up on the bed and lowered his body onto Brent. He held his erect cock in his hand and guided to the taut anus. Brent held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up his anus and stretched the sphincter. Walt was thoughtful and gentle as he slowly penetrated the receptive ass. Brent's ass opened up and welcomed the thick cock into the warm snug passage. Walt held still and let Brent move under him. Once he was satisfied that Brent had loosened up he began to fuck him with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together as if they had done this many times before. Actually they had but not with each other. Brent rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the bed. This move accentuated the round shape of his shapely ass. Walt like the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. Normally he preferred fucking in a doggy style position but he found he liked the way Brent felt under him. Brent groaned repeatedly each time Walt buried his cock in the snug ass.

Every time Walt drove his pecker into the curvy bottom, Brent lifted his hips to receive the cock in his ass. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Walt wrapped his arms around Brent's upper body. Their bodies pressed together as they fucked and Walt felt just like he was in the ass of a woman. He was so wrapped up fucking the hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning he shot another massive load, this time into Brent's rectum.

Brent groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Walt moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated into his friend until he was nearly drained. He pressed his body into the cute blonde and remained still as Brent clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around the stiff shaft. He was still hard when he removed his cock from pretty ass and got off the bed. Brent turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. Walt watched his friend jerk off. He was surprised as Brent's cock appeared to be no longer than four inches, maybe less.

Brent saw that Walt was still hard and spoke softly, "Put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum."

Walt moved back to Brent who lifted his legs to receive the big dick again. He eased his cock back into the well lubed passage and began to fuck him again. Brent stroked his cock as he got fucked and Walt was pleased that he was still hard after cumming twice. He watched as Brent closed his eyes and felt the sphincter tighten around his cock as the small dick ejaculated. Brent's load shot out in four or five streams and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. His cock might be small but his load wasn't.

Brent smiled and said, "I think that you like fucking me," Brent whispered.

"I could use another beer."

The two of them got another drink and sat naked in the living room. As they drank and talked they both got horny again. Brent moved over to sit next to Walt and played with his big cock. "I love your big cock. I could play with it all day except for my parents coming home. Let's go back to bed."

They entered his bedroom and within minutes Walt was buried balls deep again in Brent's tight asshole. He was flattened on the bed face down as Walt drove his impressive cock deep into the bowels of his new lover. Brent's ass moved under Walt but his strength and drive kept him pinned under him. The powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled the curvy ass. His thick cock drove into cute blonde and then retreated until only the head remained in Brent's rectum. Brent felt the powerful shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing him to cry out.

"Oh man your cock is so big in my ass, so deep. Cum in me like the last time, I want to feel you shooting in my ass again!" Brent exclaimed.

Walt continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his friend driving his cock into the warm recess. He sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in the hot ass a second time. Walt felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the round firm ass underneath him. He felt the sphincter muscle tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of juice out of it. He stayed hard and he continued to slowly fuck Brent's ass as the semen coated his shaft. 

Brent sensed that his friend was up for another round without pulling out of his ass and whispered, "Walt if you are going to keep fucking my ass let's roll on our sides."

Walt rolled to his side keeping his cock in the asshole as he pulled Brent to the side. His hands wrapped around and caressed the lily white body. He gently pinched Brent's nipples and kept fucking him until they both came. He came two times before Walt finally ejaculated in Brent's ass again. The first time Brent ejaculated; his cum shot passed his face and hit the headboard of bed. The second time he came his seed hit him in the face and neck. Walt eventually lost it and dumped another load, much smaller this time, in Brent's ass. The two of them rested on their sides as the impressive cock slowly deflated and slipped from the dripping asshole. By the time they were ready to get out of bed the semen had dried on Brent's body.

"I have been butt fucked many times in Oxford but never like that."

"I need to get going and besides I have nothing left. Thanks for a great afternoon Brent." 

"Yeah my parents will be home in an hour. Can I see you again? Do you want to come over tomorrow?"

"Sure, I can do that. I liked fucking your ass. What time?"

"Come over about 10:00 AM and we can have lunch during the day."

"See you at ten," Walt agreed as he finished getting dressed.

On his way home he thought that he was glad that he ran into Brent. He was also pleased that Brent had turned gay and was such a good fuck. Now he knew he could get laid nearly every day except Christmas Eve and Day while he was home on leave as he would have access to a very hot ass. 

A RETURN VISIT

Walt arrived the next day at 10:00 AM unaware that Brent had slept in. Brent didn't even bother to put on any clothes as he knew it was Walt at the door. Brent always slept in the nude; he felt his loins stir with Walt's arrival. Brent opened the door and invited him in. Walt stared at the pretty blonde for a second once again taking in his shapely lily white body. 

Brent turned to walk back in the living room and Walt watched as the shapely gay walked ahead of him. He felt that familiar stirring in his groin as he watched the curvy ass all the way into the living room. Brent turned when he reached the room and spoke to Walt.

"I was just going to take a shower. Would you like to join me? Would you like to fuck me in the shower? Brent asked.

"Sure I didn't shower this morning and that sounds like fun. I would love to join you." 

Walt followed Brent up the stairs to his bathroom and as he did he watched the hot ass sway from side to side. Brent walked with an air of confidence as he knew his stud friend was watching him. He rolled his buttocks as he ascended the stairs and had a swagger that said come and fuck me. Walt felt his cock harden as he walked behind and stared at the perfect ass. He knew that within minutes he would be sliding his slippery cock into a soapy asshole. 

Walt stripped off his clothes and left them on Brent's bed before he entered the bathroom and joined Brent in the shower. He washed the blonde's effeminate body and paid particular attention to the most desirable ass. He stood behind him and washed Brent's chest and abs. Slowly Walt's hands made their way down to Brent's curvy ass. He cupped the luscious buttocks in his hands as he soaped up the flawless bottom. He fingered the anus as he soaped up his cock. Brent leaned forward slightly placing his hands on the shower wall and arched his back so that his ass pushed backward. Walt eased his cock into Brent's soapy asshole as he held onto the blonde's hips.

Brent groaned seductively as the big dick entered his asshole. Walt fucked him slowly and watched his cock slide out of the shapely ass, a sight of which he never tired. He was so turned on that he felt his release building quicker then he planned. However, there was no stopping him and his balls tightened as he unloaded in Brent's ass. Walt held onto to the soft hips and drove his cock deep into Brent's asshole. Brent felt the molten sperm fill his asshole to overflowing and instinctively used his anal muscles to milk the pulsating cock.

"Oh Walt I feel it! I feel you cumming in me. It feels so good keep fucking me," Brent blurted.

Walt stayed hard and kept fucking Brent. He could feel his own semen surround his cock as he continued to fuck the hot ass. He sensed that he would stay hard and he was pleased that he could continue to fuck the incredible ass. Brent realized that Walt would fuck him until he ejaculated again and he began to stroke his own cock. Brent hoped that Walt would jerk him off while he fucked his ass.

"Walt, play with me. Play with my cock. Make believe it's a big clit. Stroke it for me just like you stroke a girl's clit," Brent begged.

Brent didn't know it but Walt had jerked off the cocks of the cute gays in Europe that he fucked. So he was no stranger when it came to that. He grabbed a hold of the small cock and jerked it off as he fucked Brent's ass. He lasted much longer this time but he still felt a huge load building in his balls. Just as he came in the blonde ass a second time, Brent screamed that he was cumming. Walt stroked him quicker and he looked over his friend's shoulder as Brent ejaculated. Brent's cum shot out of his cock and splattered against the shower wall. He actually liked seeing Brent cum and watching the spunk shoot out of the little cock. 

They let the shower water cascade over their bodies and cleanse them of all semen. Next they dried off and walked naked back into Brent's bedroom. Brent picked up Walt's clothes off the bed and placed them on the chair. He then lay face down on his bed as Walt stood there and looked at the lovely bubble butt sticking up naturally from the rest of the body. 

"Would you do me a big favor and massage my shoulders and back. I am really stiff after holding that position in the shower," Brent asked in a soft voice.

Brent handed Walt the bottle of massage oil. He took the body oil and then straddled Brent's body. He sat on the legs just below the buttocks and rested his soft cock in the crack of Brent's ass. He poured the oil on Brent's back and shoulders and then began to massage the pretty blonde body. Brent's skin was hairless, smooth and flawless and Walt's hands glided over the skin. After several minutes of massaging the upper body he turned his attention to the irresistible ass. He massaged each of the buttocks relishing in the feel of the round firm globes. Walt felt his cock begin to harden again and within a few minutes of rubbing Brent's ass he was erect again. The huge hard cock was nestled in the crack of the smooth ass and he slid his cock within the fold of Brent's buttocks.

Brent felt Walt's hard cock again and he said, "You like my ass don't you Walt?"

"You know I do. I love your ass. I love fucking you in your perfectly shaped ass."

"Are you going to fuck me again today?"

"Absolutely, since you got me hard again, I will fuck your hot ass one more time. In fact I am going to fuck it for as long as I can stay hard and keep cumming."

Walt smoothed the body oil all over his cock and then he poured some of it in the crack of Brent's ass. He then fingered Brent's asshole making sure that it was well lubed for another round of butt fucking. Satisfied that Brent was sufficiently lubricated, he eased his cock into the hot ass for the third time that day. Brent pushed his buns up to meet the penetration and the cock slid in easily. Brent groaned as the thick shaft filled his anal passage again. Walt fucked him for what seemed to be hours before he finally came again in Brent's ass and then he collapsed on top of him. The two of them remained in the same position for several minutes before they separated. Walt rolled off of Brent and lay on his back beside the pretty gay blonde. As he lay in bed he realized that he had never thought of pussy all the while that he fucked Brent. 

"Walt, that was so good. I love it when you fuck me and cum in my ass. Do girls like it when you fuck them in the ass?"

"Yes the ones I have met and fucked in the ass like it as long as I take care of their pussy too. I've never had an anal virgin although that would be interesting."

"Let's put on our underwear and I'll make lunch for us. We can eat have a few beers and recuperate."

"Sounds good, if I can get it up after lunch, I'll fuck you again before I leave." 

They had lunch, drank a few beers and afterward Walt fucked Brent one more time before he left. Tomorrow was Christmas Eve so Walt wouldn't see Brent for two days. He knew that he would be more than ready to fuck the daylights out of Blake's ass when they hooked up the next time.

A HORNY REUNION

Christmas fell on a Wednesday that year so Walt had two shots at Blake before the weekend. Blake being anxious to have his ass stuffed again called Walt and invited him for coffee and donuts Thursday morning. Walt arrived shortly after Blake's parents left for work and Blake was still in his pajama bottoms. As he sat at the kitchen table he watched Blake making the coffee and getting the donuts. The pajama bottoms were snug and the shape of the lovely ass was prominent. Walt's eyes were fixated on Blake's sweet round ass encased in his tight pajama bottoms. He still couldn't believe that he had actually fucked that sweet ass so many times. Now he stared at it as it undulated under the snug fabric, he felt his cock stiffen in his pants. Unable to resist the allure of Blake's bottom, he stripped down to his skivvies and closed the distance between them.
