 This story is totally made up. Please don't repost it without talking to me about it first. 

I work in an office where I am one of the younger guys there and I am definitely on the casual side as far as dressing goes. A lot of the guys have to go out on sales calls and therefore do the shirt/tie thing, but my job keeps me in the office and also involves carrying stuff around so I usually wear either jeans or cargos and a t-shirt. Naturally like many young guys I sag my pants a few inches below the waist of my underwear, which gives people an occasional peek at whatever undies I'm wearing that day. Lately my lifting weights has been paying off so I started wearing those tight ribbed t-shirts from Structure to show off my progress.

My office is very straight but there is a comfortable, locker room familiarity among the guys, especially this one young hispanic guy. He is very physical and usually greets you with a hug, headlock or something. We have a whole nonverbal thing going on whenever we talk or pass each other, there will be nipple tweaking, belly patting, bicep feeling or something going on. The touching sorta escalated when I started wearing those tight t-shirts over the summer, when he could tell that I'd been working out and was getting bigger... we'd have conversations about lifting and stuff, and he'd check out various parts of me while we talked about it.

There's nothing sexual about it really, I know he's totally straight and I'm not attracted to him anyway even though he's pretty good looking. I just think of him as a buddy.

Anyway a new young guy started in our office not long ago, and for some reason, even though he's married and not really good looking, I detected there was some kind of interest from him and I want to find out how deep it went. For instance, I noticed a few weeks after he started that he would come hang around my desk, which is in another part of the office and talk even though there was really no business reason for us to talk. And after he witnessed the fondling-fest between me and the hispanic guy a few times, he made some awkward attempts to grab my shoulder and stuff, which I laughed at inside, but was careful to non-verbally let him know that I wasn't bothered by the contact, by not pulling away and doing it back to him when the chance occured.

One day he was leaning over my desk watching me do something on the computer and he leaned his dick right into my arm or shoulder. I don't know if he meant to or not, but it took him a second to realize it and/or move. I handed him something to read to read and checked him out while he was reading it, and it looked like either he's a lucky boy or there was some excitement in his chinos not sure which. So anyway, even though I'm not attracted to this guy at all, I decided that I wanted to see where this would go.

The weather got colder and my tight tees gave way to baggy sweaters and stuff, but I continued to work out hard and got leaner and harder. I went down south a few weeks ago and got a pretty major tan, which of course people made positive comments about. I wore a new white sweatshirt to work to highlight the tan that much more. That day, my new friend came into my office while I was working on something and put his hands on my shoulders from behind. I kind of figured it was the hispanic guy so I didn't turn around but after a second I realized by the hesitant nature of his touch that it was the other kid. To encourage the contact, I stretched my arms over my head and grabbed him by the lats, groaning contentedly as I used his body to stretch my torso. His hands slid down onto my chest in the process. The whole thing made him tense up, so I gave him a squeeze and let go of him, droppping my arms to my sides. He slid his hands back over my chest onto my shoulders again and let go. I turned around in my chair and looked at him... he looked like butter wouldn't melt in his mouth but I could see that mr. happy was once again rising to the occasion.

"Damn, you really are tan!" he stammered, shifting from one foot to other nervously.

"Yeah, I'm Italian and Cherokee so I tan very easily," I bragged. "But the shirt makes me look darker than I am"

"Clever trick!" he grinned.

"Yeah, might as well make the most of it."

"You, um, look really good. I bet you got alot of babe's attention on the beach," he said, trying to sound all macho.

I laughed. "Yeah I was working on my abs for months getting ready for that trip. Do you think it paid off?" I hauled my sweatshirt up, showing him my tight tan stomach and the 3" of Abercrombie boxer briefs that were showing above my really baggy jeans.


"Yeah, um, big time." He was getting more and more nervous which made me want to tease him even more.

"Do you work out, dude?" I asked.

"No, I used to try but I never got any bigger. So I gave up. You're lucky! you must have put ten pounds of muscle on since I've been working here"

"I don't think it's that much, but I lost some fat since summer, which does make me look more defined."

"Oh." He shifted his feet again. This was almost too easy.

"It's kind of hard to tell the difference with these bulky clothes on," I remarked casually.

"Yeah, you must miss the attention you got in those tight t-shirts." Oh, so you noticed that, did ya?

I grinned. "Yeah, I do kinda get off on it. I miss wearing them."

"If I looked like you I would too. In fact, um, I think half the office probably misses you wearing them too!" He realized how that sounded and blushed again.

I was kinda surprised "Oh really? You hear people talking about it?" Despite how this sounds, I am not a conceited guy; in fact I don't really think I'm all that in the looks department, so I was eating this up.

"Yeah, to be honest, I was sort of jealous and thought you must be an arrogant prick when I first started, but you turned out to be a really nice guy. And..." he swallowed nervously, "I, uh, don't take this the wrong way, but kinda liked watching your progress with your body over the summer too."

"Really?" I grinned at him. Like putty in my paws.

"Yeah. I hope that doesn't make you uncomfortable."

"Not at all; I think that's awesome. I appreciate it a lot, and it was very cool of you to tell me that, a lot of guys would never admit that."

He looked defensive. "Well it's not like it happens to me all the time, it was just..."

"Dude don't feel like you have to explain yourself to me. I'm totally cool with it. You see how we all play grabass and stuff, that's just a subtle way of showing our affection for each other... I know (the hispanic guy) is a little jealous that I'm doing what he wishes he had the time to do, that's why I let him feel me up like he does."

"Really?" I could tell he had no clue about the male psyche.

"Sure. Dudes don't lift and stuff to impress women, they could give a shit. They do it to impress or intimidate other guys. I'm just the only one not afraid to admit it."

"Well, I'm, um, pretty impressed!"

"Cool, well that's a big part of the reason that I do it, I appreciate you telling me."

"Do you think, um..."

"What?"

"Aw, Never mind" He blushed again.

"What???"

"U think I could, um, see what progress you made since the summer?"

I laughed. "Sure, but you better come back in here at 5, I don't think anyone else would appreciate it."

He laughed too, "don't be so sure" he said over his shoulder as he took off.

Not long after five, there he was, looking as nervous as ever.

"Hey, Ready for anatomy class?" I kidded him.

He laughed nervously "Um, if you don't want to..."

"Hey, a deal's a deal. Shut the door and have a seat."

He sat in a chair and watched as I stood up, stretched and walked over to him. When I was close, I pulled my arms crosswise over my head and pulled the sweatshirt off. I had a white ribbed guinea tee on under it which you could see my white Abercrombie boxer briefs and everything else through it.

"Wow, man, you're not kidding." He tentatively reached up and felt my abs through the shirt with the tips of his fingers.

"Have at it, man, I'm not breakable!" I told him. He used a little more of his hand.

"You don't mind me touching you?"

"Not at all. do whatever you want." I could see that he already had a big boner in his pants. This was too much fun.

"Can you, um..."

"What? You want this off?"

He grinned up at me.

"No problem" I lifted it over my head. My jeans were really big and sagged about 4" below my white boxer briefs, which looked really good against my tan stomach. He went back to examining the ridges in my abs, then hesitantly slid one hand up and felt a pec. I shivered a little as he brushed my small pointed nipple.

"U sure you don't mind this?"

I shook my head.

"These are what really amazed me," he said, getting a little bolder and holding both my pecs in his hands. "You said you're Italian, but you're so totally smooth."

"Well I have to do a lot of work to keep them like that."

He was in his own little world, playing with my pecs. "What kind of work?"

"Shaving, mostly."

"Wow that must be a pain in the ass."

"It is, especially by yourself."

"You get someone else to help you?"

"When I can. Maybe you wanna help me out sometime?"

"Dude, don't tell anybody, but that would be really cool."

"I won't, don't worry."

"So, um, do you work your legs out as much as your upper body?"

"Of course! 60% of your muscles are in your legs. It helps keep your metabolism up"

"It's hard to tell since your pants are all so big." Boy he was getting good at this.

"You want to see?"

"Could I?" he looked at me.

"Sure. Just give a tug on my pockets and the pants will come right off."

He swallowed, then did just that, and my jeans slid to my knees. All the attention to my chest didn't go unnoticed, and my almost-8-inch thick cock lay diagonally against my leg, encased in the boxer briefs.

He felt my quads hesitantly a little bit but I could see that his eyes were on my big piece. Jackpot! I knew my dick would be in this kid's mouth soon enough.

"Sorry for the boner, dude. You're pretty good with your hands, and there seems to be a wire between my nips and my dick."

"Um, no problem. It's just as, uh, impressive as the rest of you" He tweaked my nips a little more as if to test that theory and sure enough my cock throbbed in my briefs.

"Thanks"

"I hope it's not uncomfortable for you bent over like that. Your shorts look kind of tight." He was definitely getting the hang of this teasing thing.

"Actually it is, kind of." He put both his hands on my abs right above my briefs and looked up at me, knowing what was next. 

"You want to do me a favor?" I asked him.

He slipped two fingers under my waistband and looked up at me. I nodded silently, and he carefully lifted the elastic over my cock and slid my shorts down my thighs. My cock stood straight up, pointed at his face like a microphone. His hands slid back up my quads and cupped a bare glute in each. I gently put my hand on the back of his head and pulled him towards me. He hesitated, but I gently laid the tip of my dick against his lips and caressed his jaw with one hand, and he slowly let it slip in and rest on his tongue.