 Australia and me in the States. I shared every one of my darkest fantasies with him and he loved everyone of them. I had never been with a man before but was driving like hell to meet him at the motel he had arranged. He was finally making it to the states on business and had emailed me a couple days prior asking me if I wanted to get together. Until now it was just words on a screen but now, finally, I was actually going to suck this man's cock as I had talked about so many times. 

I arrived at the poorly lit motel hidden away on one of the back streets of outer D.C. This was a perfect spot to remain anonymous as I had wished.

I pulled my car into a parking spot and turned the car off. I sat there for a moment, heart racing, imagining what I was about to go through with. I finally opened the car door, stepped out and started walking towards room 31, the room he had told me he would be in. 

Knocking on the door quietly, I stepped back as it swung open. There stood a man in his fifties with brown hair and a modest build. He was dressed in a dark robe that barely reached down to his upper thighs. It was open along the chest and I could see the hair covering his pecs. I stood there in awe, my cock starting to twitch, anticipating what delicious prize awaited me under the silk material. As my eyes rose from the bulge in his robe up to his eyes he spoke candidly, "I come all the way over here from Australia and I don't even get a hello kiss. 

My thoughts began racing as he pulled me into the room by my hands, shutting the door behind us and then placing my hands on his hairy chest through the opening of his robe. He backed me towards the foot of the bed and then began leaning towards me. My heart began pounding. I had never kissed a man before in my life and now my hands were placed on the chest of a semi-naked man who's hands were on my ass pulling my body closer to his. I closed my eyes and felt his lips touch against mine, his tongue gently caressing the inside of my mouth and top of my lips. I responded instinctively with deep wet kisses as his hands now undid my pants allowing them to fall to the ground exposing my bare hard cock. Stepping back, he took the bottom of my shirt and raised it above my head and arms, throwing it on the floor and telling me to sit down. I obeyed immediately for he was now in control. He untied his robe allowing his rigid cock to dangle inches before my wet lips. 

I closed my eyes again and felt the touch of soft skin against my lips as he slid his cock along from one side of my bottom lip to the other. My tongue reached out gently licking the precum off the tip of his dick . He slowly eased his cock into my desperately awaiting mouth, my one hand now cupping his balls while the other grasped the base of his shaft. I couldn't believe I was doing this. It felt so amazing. His skin was so soft and tender, and I cherished the sensation of having my mouth filled with his meet. I moaned in pleasure as I engulfed his dick in long warm wet succulent strokes of my mouth. I wanted to taste his cum so bad. I started sucking harder and faster.

"Woah, not yet you little cum whore, I have a present for you."

I loved it when he called me his cum whore because that's what I was. For all the time that we had been emailing each other, I had desperately wanted to taste his cum. I begged him over and over to send me some of his underwear drenched in cum. I wanted to be filled in every orifice with his hot semen and now he was telling me to stop. 

He walked over to the dresser pulling something out and came back placing a bag on the bed. I opened the bag and emptied the contents onto the bed. It was women's lingerie. I had told him about my fantasy to dress up in women's lingerie for him and finally I would be able to do it.

"Why don't you get dressed for me he said"

I immediately stood up with a smile on my face, grabbed the bag and went into the bathroom to dress. Shutting the door behind me, I immediately began to sort through the goodies. I was becoming very turned on just by touching the lace and nylon. 

I first slid on a black lace brassiere that hugged snuggly around my waist and hips but allowed full exposure of my cock. Garter straps hung down loosely and I could see the transformation beginning. I slipped on some white nylon thigh highs which had little white bows and frills up around the top. I attached the garter straps from my brassiere to my thigh highs and stepped into some black high heels. I felt so sexy but I was not finished. Also in the bag was some dark red lipstick and mascara which I applied carefully along with some blush. I stepped back and looked into the mirror. I had shaved my body before I came so my skin was smooth as a baby's bottom and lent well to my now sexy girlish image. 

I stepped out of the bathroom, walking slowly across the room and sitting on his lap at the foot of the bed. I felt like a naughty little schoolgirl sitting in her daddy's lap just before a spanking. I could feel his cock slide up between my legs and underneath my balls. His hand which he had placed on my knee was now caressing my leg slowly along the nylon thigh highs up toward my crotch. He kissed me briefly on the lips and then told me that it was time that I finished what I started. Obediently, I slowly slipped off his lap onto my knees on the floor and taking his cock in my hand I began licking up and down the smooth shaft. I took the head of his cock into my mouth and circled around it with my lips until I finally wrapped my lipstick covered lips around the base of his cock, swallowing all 6 inches of his flesh. He reached across the bed and pulled the string to the blinds opening them fully so that the window was wide open, and I was in plain view for anyone to see, dressed in women's lingerie and furiously sucking this man's cock. The thought of people watching me though turned me on even more and I began to suck harder and faster. 

"You want everyone to see you slurping on my cock, don't you, you little cum drinking whore!?" he screamed out loud. "Do you want to taste my cum, huh, you little slut!?"

All I could do was moan in agreement as he shoved his cock deep into my warm tight throat. I pulled my mouth off his cock and the head of his dick exited my mouth with a loud slurping sound. I reared my head up as I continued to whack him off and begged him to cum in my mouth. 

"I want you to fill my mouth with your hot semen. Please. I'll do anything just to taste your cum" I said.

I was speaking like a real whore now. I was a totally different person lost in lust.

"Oh you do do you. Well not yet you little slut. I'm gonna fuck you first. Get up here."

I rose off my knees and straddled his cock lowering my tight asshole onto the tip of his cock. He began pressing it against my pink puckered anus as I tried to suspend myself above it. He began pushing harder and his cock began stretching my hole. It hurt tremendously, but then all of a sudden with one thrust he rammed his cock all the way to the inner depths of my asshole. I screamed out in agony as I felt his massive shaft rip open my hole and pump into my colon. I was now completely impaled by all of his 6 or so inches. My inflamed puckered asshole lips were tightly squeezed around the base of his cock dripping fluids onto his balls. He then began sliding his cock in and out and I could feel his thick head moving along the inside walls of my intestines. Pain turned into pleasure bit by bit though and slowly I began riding him, his cock completely buried in my ass, me dressed in women's lingerie with the windows to our room wide open.

I glanced outside and saw a person standing in complete amazement as my hips furiously gyrated over Stan's crotch driving his cock deep inside of me with every motion. I was raising up and down on his cock repeatedly like a person obsessed. His hands caressing my nylon covered legs, Stan began to tense up and I could tell he was about to cum. I raised my ass above his crotch allowing his cock to slide out of my rectum and I placed my mouth over the tip of his dick and began sucking furiously wanting nothing more than for him to cover me in his cum. 

His moans of pleasure became screams and the man standing outside watching in bewilderment became witness to Stan's earth-shattering orgasm as he unleashed a flood of cum into my mouth. I began swallowing the juicy, sticky salty semen and then let the remaining amount shoot violently onto my face. 

When it finally ended, I remained on my knees, mouth and face full of cum, ass stretched and abused until he instructed me to "show him. " 

I looked up obediently and opened my mouth showing him my full load of cum. "You're a good little cum drinking slut aren't you" he said, " go ahead and swallow it now"

I did, swallowing the warm thick semen. I then laid down on the bed, still in my lingerie, covered in cum and totally exhausted. I was in heaven.

Dedicated to the owner of my asshole