 I step into the booth a little nervous and stick quarters in the slot. Click, click, click the channels pass of gorgeous women but this time I keep going until two guys with smooth tanned bodies appear in a pool. One glides ominously up behind the other who is leaning over a wall. I get hard in anticipation of what is to come as he slide up his friends back, hands easing to areas where he can hold on. With a splash and straightening of his friends back I know he had been successfully mounted. Then the pumping begins and I grow very hard as the larger man works his fuck. This is the perfect channel I think.

Moaning starts and I nervously turn it up a little to attract attention. Moments later the door next to me closes. I nervously put my finger in the hole and make a circular motion. (I hope I didn't do it too quickly.) I am shocked and actually a bit scared when a monstrous black partially erect penis comes through the hole. My hands start shaking, my mouth goes dry, and I get sooooooo fuckin nervous. I hesitate at least 10 seconds. What am I doing, damn that is a BIG cock. 

I slip my shorts off, get on my knees and spread my legs real wide inching up to the side. I start stroking his cock and it spasms forcefully in my hand making me jump. Oh shit it feels wild. I stroke it and make sure the skin pulls back tight over the head just like I like to stroke my cock. Well he likes it because he gets even harder and presses up against the hole. I start licking his shaft, slowly at first then getting as much wetness on my tongue as I can and using all of my wide tongue up and down his cock. God this is wild. I suck as much into my mouth as I can over and over till my jaw hurts. I don't care I just cram it in. I think he especially enjoys it when I gag.

After about 5 minutes of this he pulls out and I hear him leave quickly. I don't know why. Then suddenly the booth to my right immediately closes. There is some rustling then his big cock comes through that hole. For the first time I notice the right side is different. It has a larger hole about 6-8 inches in diameter and out slightly farther on each side are oblong holes. I don't need to wait long to find out what these are for. His hands come through both holes, his massive cock in the middle as he motions for me with his fingers.

Oh my GOD this guy wants my ass in his hands, he wants to fuck me in the ass. Shit I am already loose from a dildo fuck on the internet, in fact it makes me feel pretty nasty and slutty coming into the bookstore freshly assfucked. God Damn I am horny, he has a rubber on, and I am very well lubed still....... SHIT! I'm going to do it. 

The man withdraws his cock but his hands stay there, calling to me slowly irresistibly. DAMN he is ready for penetration all I have to do is back up and let him grab me to fulfill a fantasy. My face feels white with fear as cold sweats start. God this isn't a fantasy it will hurt. I don't care I am nasty and fuckin horny and this is a fantasy, oops I mean.......... But it is too late; I have turned and unknowingly am close enough for him to grab my hips. OH GOD his hands are touching me, pulling my hips to the wall quickly as his thumbs pull my cheeks apart.

One hand leaves my hip and I feel lube tickle my hole then his finger enters me. GOD I feel so...... "easy" and slutty knowing he is getting me ready. I can still twist away and change my mind but his finger fuck feels so good, oh shit now two, This is one of those times I know I should move away but just freeze naively and do nothing.

I feel his hand grab the other side of my hips again and his thick cock head immediately began presses against me. His head quickly eases my already loose hole open a bit and I know he senses this. With one hard shove that makes me whimper and panic his head pops me open hard. I hop around against the wall in pain and after several seconds he pulls back out. Before I can sigh he pops me open again, then again then again. I do everything I can not to yelp and give us away. 

Shit it hurts but now he's in me and starts thrusting deeper and deeper. I struggle hard trying to pull away. I think I shake the booth a little, maybe alot. DAMN my hips are held really tight to that hole, as my ass is plowed open. I leaned forward hands on the opposite wall my legs shaking so much I don't know how long I can keep standing. It really stings as he gradually pushes deeper. 

Then I feel him stab in really deep. My stomach feels a little ill as it feels like he is really pushing my insides out of the way. His balls are very hard as they slap the back of me so I know he is close to cumming. I feel his shaft swell and pulse and I know he is cumming in me. Then a pressure immediately builds up inside me ass. He works me a little more before pulling out. As his cock exits I feel the rubber slide off and remain inside me. He holds the end and circles it around my very loose and tender rim muscle before tying it and pushing it back in with his finger.

WHAT! did he just do? That condom is still inside! He tied it and pushed it inside me! I sit down mostly because I couldn't stand anymore. I am sore and quite numb, legs shaking and my insides churning. I sweat and pant. It feels like he went in pretty deep. What am I going to do about this condom? I reach back and push inside myself and grab the end. I'll let it stick out and ease it out when I get home so no one sees it.

I wait until I don't hear any sound in the booth next to me. My legs have stopped shaking and I feel like I can walk half way normal so I leave the booth. To my surprise he leaves at the same time. I immediately walk out and see he is following me. The bookstore's back door empties into a dark alley, which is scary. My car is in a small lot about 150ft away. He follows me so now I am really nervous. When I get to my front door he says:

"That was so hot, I want to take you home tonight and take the time to "DO YOU" properly. I have an insanely hot busty black bitch at home that likes white boys. You can have her if I can FUCK you again."

"Come on come home with me, my girl is hot. She loves to play and I just got to have that ass of yours again. I'll remove the condom too. It was sooo full what was I going to do with it? So I left it where it really belongs."

"Can I do anything I want to your bitch" I ask. "She's a slut and all holes are open for business."

OK" I say nervously because this guy was really handsome and he shoved his wife's picture in my hand and she was all ass, legs and tits. His voice was soft and urging and quiet like he had never done this before either. So I got in my car and followed him home to a very nice house, which was very secluded. My breathing quickened with excitement and nervousness. Excitement thinking of the body that awaited me inside. Nervousness at the thought of bending over and letting him have his way with me.

* * * * *

(Send comments or requests for next installments to my email address. I would love to hear your version or what you would like to do to me with your MONSTER COCK if you were he. Or send requests for other stories. Please be descriptive, erotic, raw and intense. Or if you have comments how horny this made you and what you did about it, tell me. Any other nasty comments are welcomed as well and may be responded to.)