 We'd exchanged a couple of emails and seemed to kind of hit it off. I had gone from thinking about it casually to being really turned on by the thought of being with you two. When you suggested that I come to your place, I was sure that I wasn't ready for that. When I declined, you said that I should just come and watch the two of you. I was still hesitant, but finally convinced myself that just watching would be okay.

I got to your place and you greeted me at the door together. We went inside and had a couple of drinks and talked for a while. We were all having a good time and starting to feel a little more relaxed. I was feeling a lot more at ease, and then you two started kissing and my heart beat raced. I watched the two of you and my stomach clenched from nerves but I could feel my pulse in my groin. I was nervous as hell but I was very turned on. I watched as you kissed and your hands began to explore each other. My pulse and my breathing raced as if I were involved in the action and when Chris freed your cock from your pants, a low moan escaped me. You looked over to see me staring at your cock and said, "Come over here and get on your knees."

I hesitated, nervous and not sure even if my legs would support me, but I got up and moved to the front of the couch where you two sat. I dropped to my knees in front of you, my head now too close to do anything but stare at your beautiful cock.

"Take off your clothes," you told me.

I pulled off my shirt and slid my pants down and off my legs without getting off my knees. You could hear my breathing, ragged and fast as you and Chris worked each others' clothes off.

Soon you were sitting directly in front of me as Chris slowly moved his hand up and down your cock. I stared.

"Take it in your mouth," Chris said.

I couldn't respond.

Finally, my voice shaky, I croaked, "I'm just going to watch."

You leaned forward and I could feel your hand gently behind my head. It took the lightest of pressure to bring my mouth to your cock. A loud moan came from somewhere deep inside me as my mouth moved down your cock and met Chris' hand moving up.

"That's it, that's what you want," you whisper to me.

"Mmm," I moan as I move my mouth up and down your cock.

"Yea, that's what you really came here for isn't it? You had to tell yourself that you were just going to watch but you wanted a cock in your mouth, didn't you?"

Your hand pushed my head back off your cock and I knew I had to responded if I wanted more, "Yes, I wanted your cock in my mouth," I admit and your hand pulls me back down to engulf your cock again. Then I felt Chris' hand take mine and move it to his cock. I began to stroke him as I sucked you and I'd never been so turned on in my life. I moved to start sucking Chris and as I stroked you, I felt you move to the edge of the couch. Your hands began moving over my chest and lightly brushed against my nipples. I moaned loudly and you continued to tease and pinch them as I sucked Chris' cock.

You moved down to kneel next to me and your mouth came to my nipple just as I felt your hand on my cock. I could feel the rhythm of you stroking yourself in time with your hand on my cock and you licked and sucked and bit at my hard nipple. Chris moved to stand so that I was kneeling in front of him as I sucked him. His hand moved to replace mine and began to stroke himself hard as I sucked him and I knew he was close. I leaned back and took my mouth off of him and just licked at the head as he stroked himself.

I ached to tell him what I wanted, but couldn't. Somehow he knew, "Tell me. Say it.", he commanded.

"Cum on my face.... Please," I moaned.

His fist moved faster and he began to pump his cum all over my face. My hand locked over your's to stop you from stroking me or I would have cum the second I felt it splash hot on my face. I licked and sucked Chris' cock until he was done cumming and he dropped to the couch behind him. You quickly stood and rubbed your cock through the cum on my face and pushed it into my mouth. I sucked you, more turned on than ever. I sucked and stroked so that you would give me more cum. In no time, your hand came to my forehead and pushed me off of your cock. You stroked yourself hard and began to cum. "Oh yea, take that cum," you told me as you shot. You rubbed your cock across my face, smearing cum everywhere, pushing it into my mouth as the last of your orgasm pulsed.

"Stand up," you told me.

I stood and you began to stroke my cock. I moaned and knew I wouldn't last long. Your hand cupped over the head of my cock as the first strong pulse shot out. You brought your hand to my mouth and wiped my cum into my mouth as you continued to stroke me with your other hand.

"Oh...lick it up," you ordered, in a whisper as I struggled to get every drop.

You moved close to my ear as I panted and licked at your hand, "Next time we take your ass."

"Oh god," I moaned.