 Note: This is my first story ever, so please comment and tell me what you think! If people enjoy it then I'll continue with more chapters. The story is fictional and does not portray any actual people or events, though it is a fantasy of mine. It is rather soft in the first chapter, but will get more rough in later chapters (which will be uploaded if people like this one). 

*

All of my friends and I are 18 years old and in our final year of high-school. Our entire year group was having a three-night stay at a huge farm. According to our teachers, the little vacation would give us a break from studying and help solidify our friendships, which would continue on into our adult lives. In actuality, the three-night stay would transform me into a horny slut to be used and abused by my group of friends. I'd always been bisexual and kept it a secret, simply because there was just no reason to tell anyone, since being bi meant I could date girls and appear straight despite my attraction towards guys. I kept it a secret also because I was scared of how my friends would react and I didn't want to be treated any differently.

At the camp, the guys and girls had separate buildings to sleep in, and in the morning we had breakfast at different times. The girls had breakfast first, then the kitchens were rapidly cleaned, then the guys had breakfast. After breakfast the teachers handpicked a few people to help the chefs clean the kitchens up. Of course, my two friends Dean and Michael and I were picked to do it. However it wasn't too bad, because there were two chefs; a really hot girl, and a really hot guy, both of them in their early twenties. We ended up having a very interesting conversation as we discovered the male chef was gay.

"What! You don't look it," said Michael in surprise.

"To be honest, most gays don't actually look gay," said Micah the chef with a laugh. I couldn't help but feel incredibly drawn to him, as I had absolutely no gay friends or acquaintances and had never conversed about it with anyone before. And remember, he was really hot. As we cleaned and dried dishes and talked about how we'd driven since four in the morning to arrive there for the camp, I caught Micah glancing at me in interest a few times. The thought that he could be attracted to me caused my heart to race from excitement and adrenaline. But I'd never been with a guy, so I had no idea what to think. Eventually our teacher came over, inspected our progress and let Dean and Michael off because they were dirtier than me and appeared to have done more work.

"Just help out for a few more minutes and head back to the rooms; you know where it is yeah?" Mr Kromton asked me.

"Yep, I'm in room two," I answered confidently. He nodded and headed off to the teachers building, relying on me to take care of myself. I assumed it was because I was one of the smartest students in the grade. As Mr Kromton left the room, I turned and bumped straight into Micah who had been trying to squeeze past me to reach the dishwasher.

"Oh! Haha, sorry," I said, perhaps a little too chipper. He grinned, openly looking me up and down with an almost hungry expression which sent a jolt of nervousness, excitement and arousal throughout my entire body.

"No worries. Anna will be back in a sec, she's gotta take all the rubbish out," Micah briefly explained, still soaking me in with his eyes.

"Cool," I said, rather breathlessly. I suddenly realized that I was smiling far too much. I think he realized too.

"You seemed a bit quiet earlier," Micah went on, in an obvious attempt to start a conversation as he continued cleaning.

"I um, had something on my mind," I said nervously, as I too returned to cleaning. I didn't know whether to hurry up and get out, or take my time and see what happened.

"Like what? I could help you figure it out, whatever it is," said Micah with a smile, as he moved closer to me. I stared up -- yes, he was slightly taller than me -- into his deep brown eyes and cocky smile. I nearly dropped the plate I was holding as my breath caught in my throat.

"I suppose you could," I murmured, biting my lip and feeling myself blush. He gently pulled the plate from my hands and placed it on the kitchen bench, then pushed me against it and leaned closer. The touch of his hands on my waist caused me to swoon in his arms as I placed my hands on the bench behind me to stay balanced.

"God you're a cute little thing," were his last hungry words before he leaned straight in and kissed me rather dominantly. I kissed back, my heart positively pounding and my penis growing rapidly from the intense arousal I was experiencing from my first ever kiss with a guy. His arms wrapped around my waist and roughly pulled me into him, and I wrapped my arms around his neck in response. Then the door opened, and there stood Michael, eyes wide in shock.

"Wow, Jaime," he said, as I quickly stopped kissing and felt myself blush horribly.

"It isn't what it looks like," I said hurriedly.

"I forgot my phone and was just coming back for it," Michael explained, still looking rather aghast at what he'd witnessed.

"They don't know?" asked Micah in surprise. This caused Michael's eyebrows to widen even further.

"Know what? There's nothing to know, this was just a misunderstanding," I said quickly, still blushing from complete and utter embarrassment of being caught by my friend kissing some random guy.

"You were clearly enjoying it, I mean, a straight guy wouldn't have reacted that way," said Micah with a chuckle.

"I was not! I was just, taken by surprise," I protested.

"No you looked fairly into it man," said Michael awkwardly, as he found his phone next to the sink and picked it up.

"God please don't tell any of the others, Michael seriously," I said rapidly. He began heading for the door and I hurried after him, with only an apologetic glance back at Micah.

"How can I not say anything? How long have you been gay?" asked Michael with a flabbergasted expression. When we walked out the door and into the cold night air, darkness enveloped us and I was suddenly very scared of what would happen if Michael told the others.

"I'm not gay, I'm just a little bi-curious, I didn't even want that to happen," I spluttered out desperately.

"You looked like a little girl having her first kiss man, you were loving it," Michael chuckled. His laughter helped calm me down a bit and I was relieved to know that at least he wouldn't reject me for what happened. But I still couldn't let him tell the others. I moved in front of him and put my hands on his chest to stop him from moving any further.

"You can't tell the others, please, please don't tell the others," I pleaded.

"Why? Look you kissed a guy, it's not a big deal," said Michael.

"It is a big deal," I groaned.

"Because you're gay," Michael continued in amusement.

"No, I'm just... I'm scared of how they'll react," I admitted. It was so cold that our breaths were coming out as mist and mixing together in the night air. My hands were still gently on his chest, and neither of us moved.

"None of us are homophobes. You'll be fine. I can't keep a secret this big man," Michael said with a pained expression. I felt rather panicked and wasn't sure what I could possibly do to convince him.

"You don't understand, I'm begging you, I'll do anything Michael, anything," I pleaded desperately, moving closer to him and clutching his shirt weakly. I noticed that he too was taller than me and I was forced to look up into his eyes, which were grey and calculating. Practically all of my friends were taller than me, since I was only 5'5" and they were all higher than 5'8". I was probably friends with all tall, athletic and hot guys because I was always subconsciously attracted to them.

"Anything?" Michael asked, a small smile ghosting his lips. I seemed to read his mind, and the thought of us doing something... sexual, brought back all of the aroused feelings I'd experienced just moments ago with Micah. My body reacted against my will and I felt my heart pound as my dick began to stiffen again.

"Anything," I confirmed lustily, despite the fact that this was one of my best-friends I was talking to.

"Well I'm not gay, so no kissing," said Michael, as he placed his hands on my shoulders and pushed down. I let him force me to my knees, and knew exactly what he wanted. I looked around nervously and then back up into his eyes again from my submissive position.

"What if someone sees?" I asked fearfully.

"No-one will see, its pitch black, which should help me imagine that you're a hot girl," said Michael with a chuckle.

"No need to be mean," I said, feeling dejected. At least Micah was actually attracted to me, Michael seemed to only want to use my mouth to get off.

"I'm not attracted to you; I'm just letting you suck me off because you clearly want it so bad," said Michael rather nastily, confirming what I'd previously thought.

"I'm doing this because I don't want you to tell anyone," I protested weakly.

"Sure, sure. Well, get to it, we haven't got all night," he said in amusement. I took a deep, nervous breath as I reached up and found his zipper in the darkness, and pulled it down. I glanced up again for reassurance, and could just see his excited expression from the light of the dormitory. My arousal returned as my shaky hands reached up and pulled his boxers down and saw the shadow of his semi-erect penis spring forth. It was rather large, which I expected since Michael was a pretty big guy. It was definitely bigger than mine. I felt my face redden from humiliation as I moved closer to it and gently licked the head, which twitched and grew larger from the wet contact. Despite the humiliation of being on my knees, sucking my friends dick -- or perhaps, because of the humiliation -- I felt my dick grow rock hard as I put Michael's cock in my mouth and began to suck. I twirled my tongue around the head as I bobbed up and down on it, like porn stars do.

"Oh god yes, your mouth feels exactly like a girls," Michael groaned in ecstasy. It turned me on immensely to know that he was obtaining so much pleasure from having his cock in my mouth. Within moments it was rock hard and at least 7 inches, and I began stroking it as it got wet from my sucking, which caused him to groan more. After a minute or two, I felt him grab my head and begin forcing his cock deeper into my mouth. I stopped stroking and adjusted myself to allow him to fuck my mouth. I was so turned on from being on my knees and letting him have his way with me, it made me desperately want to stroke myself off. Suddenly his groaning got more ragged and his grip tightened, as he brutally shoved his cock deep into my throat so hard it caused me to gag. I put my hands on his powerful thighs, feeling helpless as I gagged again and again on his cock. He kept going, taking no notice of my attempts to pull away, until I felt his cock pulse against my gag reflex and spurt hot liquidy cum directly into my throat. I gagged hard and uncontrollably swallowed, as drool and cum began dripping from my mouth, my eyes watering.

"Holy fuck you're actually a hot little slut," Michael panted, as he kept his cock in my mouth and forced me to swallow everything. "I'll be wanting this more often."

To be continued... 