 Shyguy05: so what are you doing in this chat room?

Rico82: probably the same thing you are, haha!

Shyguy05: you live at Tinkons Barracks?

Rico82: ya, u?

Shyguy05: yup.

Rico82: you should cum over soon!

Shyguy05: well, I'm not gay. I'm just bored and surfing the chat rooms.

Rico82: ya, that's cool, you should cum by anyways. We can watch TV together and see what happens. 

Shyguy05: I'll think about it.

Shyguy05 has logged off.

"Damn!" I thought to myself. "Here's my chance." I had been looking at gay porn on my computer and chatting with gay guys for awhile now since it had been a long time since I was lucky enough to be fucking any girls. I'm always horny and when the pussy isn't there for me, I start lookin for something else. I don't consider myself gay, or bisexual. I just really like having sex. I'm not attracted to guys, I just don't mind if one of them is willing to help me release my load!

"Fuck it!" I tell myself and log back into the chat room.

Shyguy05: I'll be over in a few minutes. 

Rico82: I'll be waiting! Room 312

"No turning back now." I said aloud as I pulled on some basketball shorts. No boxers, just shorts. And a tank top. I leave my room and examine the hall and thank god it's empty. I swore that I had FAGGOT written across my forehead. Thankfully RICO82 lived just across the quad, in the adjacent barracks. I haul ass down the stairs and jog across the grass. It's late. About 1:30 in the morning. There shouldn't be too many people still awake. I quietly step through the front doors of the barracks and immediately head up to the third floor.

His door is cracked open and I can hear the TV. I look around to make sure nobody is going to jump out and proclaim me a queer. 

"This is it." I say, under my breath, and knock lightly on the door. After what seemed like an eternity, RICO82 opened the door. My first impression was that he didn't intimidate me at all and it would be easy to feel comfortable around him. As I assumed by his name, he was Hispanic, shorter than me, heavier. He was wearing just shorts. 

I greet him with a quick hi and quickly shuffle through the door. His room was very clean and it smelled good. I had to laugh on the inside. Gay guys are really clean. He invites me to relax on his bed. I quickly lie on my stomach with my head at the end of the bed and act as if I'm interested in the show that's on the TV. He sits back on his bed the opposite way so his feet are by my head. 

After a little bit of small talk, I'm feeling comfortable enough to start rubbing his hairy leg. Just slow strokes up and down, meant to be reciprocated. He gets the hint and starts rubbing my calves. I'm ok with this so I play it up a lil bit and start moaning and wriggling around. He continues rubbing my legs and I can feel his hands creep up the back of my legs towards my ass. His hands go under my shorts and touch the bottom of my virgin ass. Like a switch had been flicked, my cock twitched and came to life. 

"Are you ok?" He asks as he runs his fingers across my ass cheeks. 

"Mmmhmmm" Is all I can get out as I bury my face in the bed. His touch is so amazing and every second that passes, my cock gets harder. I start to accommodate his access to my ass by pushing my hips off the bed. I look back and he gives me an innocent smile. I notice that he too is getting excited. I see the form of his cock in his shorts and I'm actually happy. He puts his hands on my hips and pushes me so I'm basically on all fours with my ass in the air. 

He slowly starts to pull my shorts over my ass. Not fast, as he is teasing me and planting kisses on my bare ass as my shorts come down. I actually feel a drop of precum drip from my raging cock. Finally, my bare ass is in full view and he is exploring with his hands and lips. That is when I feel his wet tongue on my asshole! The most amazing feeling ever! I squirm and jolt my body back into his face, which adds to the pleasure I'm feeling at this moment. An unimaginable feeling rushes over my body. 

It's too much and I flip myself over onto my back and look at him in lust. He has a hurt, confused look on his face at first, but then we make eye contact and he knows! I'm ready! He smiles and lowers his face till he is between my legs. I can't believe this is happening. I could care less if my commander walked in at that moment. I was in heaven! I feel wet kisses on my inner thighs and his warm breath on my balls. He has yet to touch my cock which feels like another, larger cock is trying to rip through it. 

And then the moment I've jerked off to for the last few months arrives. I feel his soft lips on the base of my cock. He is making out with my shaft, kissing from the base to just below the head. With my eyes closed, I try to take in this moment that I've waited for so long. He then does something I never thought I would experience in real life. His mouth comes up my cock and takes in the purple mushroom and proceeds to inhale my entire cock. I instinctively grab his face and begin to thrust like a mad man. He doesn't miss a step. Lost in the moment and forgetting about enjoying and trying to remember every detail, I fuck his face like it was my first piece of pussy I ever had.

That's when the explosion took place. I felt as if I was going to black out. I can't tell you how much cum I shot because I was seriously dazed and confused. I lost track of time and didn't know where I was until I was finally finished and he moved up the bed and kissed me on the lips. I could taste my cum on his lips and this snapped me out of my trance. It was sticky, thick and salty. 

I kinda freaked out on him, remembering that I was 'straight'; I jumped up and threw my shorts on. He just sat there on the bed watching me act like a fool. It was as if he knew something I didn't. After dressing, I walk out of his room without looking at him or saying a word. I sprint all the way across the quad and up the four flights of stairs to my room. Once inside, I throw my clothes on the floor and jump in the shower. After about thirty minutes of scrubbing my body with soap, I get out and dry off. Back in my room, I go over to my desk to turn the computer off before I finally go to bed. Before I power the computer down, I notice an IM from RICO82.

RICO82: see ya soon!!!

I knew he was right!