 I awoke to the bright morning sunlight as it streamed through the windows of Jenny's bedroom. The clock beside the bed read 7:00am. 

Jenny and her husband, Mike, slept peacefully beside me as my mind reeled over the previous nights events. Jenny was hot and more open minded than any woman I had ever met. She had fucked me better than anyone ever had and there was no doubt in my mind that I wanted her again and again. I ran my hand over her big, soft natural tits and her nipples quickly stiffened under my fingertips. My cock was hard and I rolled onto my side pressing my stiff rod against her soft hip as my top leg slid across her legs. 

"Good morning lover," she said quietly as she turned and kissed me. 

"Good morning," I said as I returned her soft tender kiss. 

"Is that for us," she said playfully as her fingers found my hard dick. 

"Yes," I replied before considering the depths of her query. 

Jenny rolled me onto my back and wrapped her fingers around my turgid rod as her tongue slithered into my mouth. She moved on top of me and straddled my waist as we continued to kiss deeply. 

My hands roamed over Jenny's sexy thick body. I grabbed her ass and pulled her tight against my hard cock as we kissed. 

"Are you ready to play," she asked as she sat up straight. Her green eyes twinkled brightly as a broad smile spread across her pretty face. 

"Yes," I hissed. I was hot and the fact that her husband was right next to us was deliciously wicked. 

"Good because we have plans for you baby," Jenny teased. She spun around so her big beautiful ass hovered over my face. She reached back and spread her round ass cheeks and lowered her tight puckered asshole onto my waiting mouth. 

I had licked ass before and I liked it. My tongue flicked out and touched Jenny's brown star making her moan softly. She pushed her ass hard against my mouth and I sank my tongue inside her tight asshole. 

"Mmmm that feels wonderful," Jenny groaned as I tongue fucked her tight ass. 

Wet lips engulfed my stiff dick as I licked Jenny's ass. I gasped for air and licked her pussy and her asshole as she ground her big ass hard against my face. Fingers tickled my balls as my entire cock disappeared inside a hot wet mouth. 

Jenny leaned forward giving me free unfettered access to her soaking wet pussy. My mouth quickly found her engorged clit and I sucked it into my mouth as my tongue flicked it rapidly. I quickly brought her to the brink of orgasm. 

She joined her husband and two mouths licked and sucked my cock as I ate her delicious pussy. 

"Yes," Jenny cried out as her legs trembled and her breaths came in short gasps. "Fuck yes. I'm cumming." Her cunt bounced on my face as waves of pleasure shook her entire body. Mike continued to suck my dick as his wife came on my face. 

Jenny crawled off me and kissed me deeply. "That was fantastic," she sighed. She pushed her husband off my dick and mounted me cowgirl style facing me as her husband moved to the head of the bed. He straddled my head facing the wall and guided his dick to my lips. 

Without thinking I parted my lips and took his hard rod into my mouth. I had never had a gay thought in my life but at that moment it seemed perfectly natural. 

I could taste the briney flavor of precum and it was not at all unpleasant. His cock slid in and out of my mouth. The soft skin of his hard rod caressed my lips. The pulsating veins and crisp ridges of his head felt oddly enticing as he fucked my mouth. 

Jenny rod my dick hard bringing me to the brink of climax several times but stopping each time to prolong my pleasure. She watched me suck her husband's dick as she rode me hard. Her husband's balls tightened and his breathing became erratic. I knew he was close and, surprisingly, I wanted it. 

"Cum in his mouth baby," Jenny told her husband as he started to shake. "Pump a nice hot load down his sissy throat." 

Mike plunged his dick deep into my throat as it started to spit. Hot salty cum slid down my throat as I swallowed his thick load. It was delicious and I sucked hard until his clean soft dick popped out of my mouth. 

Jenny had slowed her pace as she watched her husband cum in my mouth. Her face was filled with raw lust and she bounced hard on my cock through three successive climaxes. 

"I'm cumming," I cried out as I blasted cum deep inside her. She sat down hard as I came inside her sloppy wet cunt. 

"Clean your mess," Jenny said sternly as she spun around and sat on my face. Cum oozed from her hold and I obediently sucked and slurped all of it. I swallowed every delicious drop of our combined juices as Jenny sat on my glazed face. 

We showered and ate as we recouperated from our marathon fuckfest. After breakfast Jenny put a video on the bedroom TV and we all stripped naked. We lay side by side by side on the king sized bed as a professional porn video came on the screen. 

Jenny kissed Mike passionately as I watched and then she turned to me and kissed me deeply. 

"I want to watch you suck Mike's dick," she panted as she stroked my cock. "Get him nice and hard with your pretty mouth and I will let you fuck my ass." 

I didn't hesitate. I quickly slid between her husbands spread thighs and sucked on his semi erect dick. 

"You like it don't you lover," Jenny teased as her husbands cock grew hard in my mouth. 

"Mmmm," I moaned my affirmative response. I did like it. The feel was exquisite. The taste was delicious and the scent was musky and devine. 

Jenny guided me off her husband's dick and onto my hands and knees facing the TV. I watched the TV as a young muscular guy fucked another equally muscular guy while a chubby young blonde girl sucked the free cock. I looked closer and realized that the chubby girl was Jenny. Her hair was shorter and blonde but it was definitely her. 

A cool viscous liquid drizzled down the crack of my ass as she prepared me to be deflowered. Jenny eased several fingers inside me to stretch me out for her husband's hard cock. I was nervous. 

I felt the slick smooth head of his dick press against my asshole and I tensed nervously. 

"Relax baby," Jenny said calmly as she stroked my body. 

Mike pushed his hips forward as I relaxed my sphincter and his head penetrated my virgin ass. 

I groaned quietly as he filled my ass. The pain was bearable as he eased more of his hard flesh into my ass. 

Jenny scooched under me in a 69 position and I lowered my mouth to her delicious pussy as Mike pushed the last few inches of hard man meat into me. He stopped moving and allowed me to get used to his dick inside me. 

My tongue dove deep inside Jenny's honey pot. I licked and sucked her hard clit as her husband started to fuck my ass with long deliciously slow stroked. I could feel the warmth of the friction as he fucked me. 

Jenny took my stiff dick into her hot mouth and sucked me as I licked her soft cunt. 

Mike increased his pace and I grunted into Jenny's pussy each time he thrust his dick deep inside me. His balls slapped against mine with each powerful thrust. He fucked me hard and fast. His cock stroked my prostate as his wife expertly sucked my hard dick. 

I was close but Mike was already there. He buried his cock deep inside me as ribbons of warm cum coated my intestines. He pulled his spent cock from my ass and walked out of the room as Jenny directed me onto my knees behind her. She handed me some lube and told me not to skimp on it. 

I lathered the slick lube onto my hard cock and poured it generously onto her beautiful ass. I eased two fingers into her tight ass and slowly pumped them into her. She pushed back to meet my fingers and I added a third finger. 

"Fuck me baby," she said in a low sexy voice as she looked back at me over her shoulder. 

I pulled my fingers out of her ass and guided my hard slippery cock into her ass. Her sphincter provided a moment of resistance but she was experienced. The muscle relaxed and my dick popped into her ass. 

"Go slow for a while baby," Jenny said softly, "I want to savor this." 

I slowly pushed my cock into her until I was balls deep in her tight ass. 

"Mmmm," Jenny moaned as she felt my hips touch her big round ass. "This feels so good. Grab my hips." 

I grasped her wide hips and pulled back until just the head of my dick remained inside her. 

"Oh yes," she hissed as I pushed my cock back inside her. 

We fucked slow and leisurely as we watched the porno on the TV. 

On screen a young Jenny had a cock in her ass and another in her frothing pussy. The relentlessly pounded into her as I started to increase my pace. 

"Fuck me hard baby," Jenny said in a thick lust filled voice. 

I thrust my cock into her tight lubricated ass hard and fast as she panted and moaned. 

"Harder baby fuck me harder. Fill me up," Jenny panted. 

Our bodies slapped together and the room filled with grunts and groans. Sweat dripped from my forehead as I furiously pumped my hard dick into her tight ass. 

"I'm close," I warned as I flew past the point of no return. 

"Cum in my ass," she moaned. Her fingers were a blur as she rubbed her hard clit in an attempt to cum with me. 

I buried my dick deep inside Jenny's ass and unloaded a load of hot cum in her bowels. Jenny felt my cock pump inside her and she cried out as she joined me in a hard simultaneous climax. 

I collapsed on the bed beside Jenny. Our chests heaved and we were covered with sweat. 

"That was fantastic," she sighed. "Can you come back next week after hockey and maybe bring your wife too?"