 Bryce was just the cutest guy Morgan had ever seen. The first time he whizzed past him on the ice it was like watching a vision of beauty come to life.

Bryce had grace and elegance in his skating. His smooth cheeks had a red blush to them and from the look in his eyes he was lost in his own world, skating on his own planet. Morgan felt like an elephant or hippo compared to this gorgeous, slender twink who was easily the best skater on the ice.

That first night Morgan went home and jerked off like crazy. He now had a reason to go skating often and it was not long that he began to feel the benefits. All the left over fat from his beer and pizza college days began to melt away and he slowly began to get his shape back. He felt so good about himself that he now felt he could approach the twink that caught his eye each time he went on the ice.

'You're a great skater.' Morgan told him one day.

'Thanks. You're not too bad yourself.' Bryce replied.

'I've a long way to go to get to your shape.' Morgan said.

'I like the shape you're in.' Bryce replied. 'Me, I'm too skinny...nothing to hang on to in bed. But I like being on the bottom anyway, so I like my guy to have love handles that I can grab a hold of.'

Morgan blushed. It sounded like an invitation, but he wasn't sure.

'Do you wanna grab a burger?' 

'I thought you'd never ask.' Bryce replied before flashing him a magnificent smile.

Bryce was one seriously sexy twink. All through the meal Morgan was drooling over this hot little twink man stud. He hung on every word he said, looked deep into those clear blue eyes and tried out his best jokes so he could see those sexy lips part in a smile. Morgan was a little too dumbstruck to be able to see that Bryce was equally taken with him. He liked Morgan's open, honest face and his warm, brown eyes. He imagined kissing those full red lips and feeling Morgan's five o'clock shadow tickling his stomach as he kissed his way down to the pleasure zone. Bryce could see a tuft of dark hair above Morgan's top button and he wondered if he might have a hairy butt. There was nothing he loved more than a firm, fleshy, pale rump dusted in silky hair. From the outside it looked like Morgan might have it all; he certainly filled out his jeans pretty nicely and from the forest of hair on his chest things looked promising.

'How hairy are you?' Bryce suddenly demanded.

Morgan blushed, not for the first time.

'Too hairy.' he replied 'I'm booked in to get waxed next week.'

'Oh no...no. Don't do that!' 

'Really?'

'Absolutely.' Bryce purred. 'I just luuuurv a hairy ass!'

'I think hairy asses are disgusting.' Morgan said 'I hate mine. When I look in the mirror, it is like looking at an ape, or something. I wish I had a nice, smooth peachy little ass.'

'Tell you what.' Bryce whispered as he brought his face up close to Morgan's 'I've got just such an ass, so you can play with mine if I can play with yours.'

'You've got yourself a deal.' Morgan said as he stood up and grabbed his coat.

Half an hour later the two horny young men were back at Morgan's apartment. They walked into the living room and Bryce, though younger by about two or three years, took control. He pushed Morgan down onto the sofa and straddled his hips and sought out his juicy, ripe lips. Morgan felt the closest he had ever felt in his whole life to fainting. When they were talking about butts and stuff it had made him so damn horny, but it isn't how he had imagined being with Bryce. He had wanted to take him in his arms and hug him close, smell the shampoo in his hair, stroke the nape of his neck and kiss him slowly. This was more like his fantasy.

Bryce was a damn good kisser and Morgan was on cloud nine. His cock was glued to the inside of his underpants and it was so hard it hurt. Their tongues duelled with each other as Morgan's hands slipped under Bryce's shirt and danced over the smooth, warm skin of his back. He had never been this horned up for anyone before; this sexy guy just clean took his breath away and he wanted the kissing and cuddling to last for ever, but at the same time he wanted to fuck his brains out and get his rocks off.

It was Bryce who took things a stage further. He reluctantly broke off the kiss, giving Morgan's sexy lips a last little nip and stood up and started to strip off. Morgan's eyes were glued to the hot twink as he began to reveal the body that was just as Morgan had pictured it. Bryce had a well toned body, with not an ounce of fat. His chest and stomach were totally smooth, his little brown nipples were like pencil erasers just waiting to be tweaked. He unbuttoned his jeans and slowly unzipped. With a wiggle of his hips his jeans slid to the floor and he stood there in a pair of tight white underpants that left little to the imagination. A pair of plump balls stretched the fabric south, while to the left sat a fat cock that had deposited a wet stain on the fabric.

'Oh yeah...'Morgan groaned 'Let me have some of that!'

He pulled Bryce close and buried his face against the bulge in his briefs. His hands cupped Bryce's tight little bubble butt wile he licked at the sticky spot where his precum had oozed through the cloth. The taste and smell of Bryce's excitement got Morgan so fired up he could hardly think straight. He tried to fix this memory in his brain as he tugged at the waistband of Bryce's underpants. They dropped to his knees and out sprang his fleshy cock that just looked wrong against his twenty eight inch waist and smooth, flat stomach. It was the big, beefy cock you might expect to see on a much larger, older man not on a slender twink like Bryce.

With a happy sigh Morgan cupped his hands around the base of that beautiful cock and noticed that he could not get his fingers to meet. Bryce's cock narrowed from base to crown, culminating a slender arrow shaped cockhead that was a glossy deep pink colour. Morgan looked up at Bryce who had his eyes closed while he pinched his little nipple nubs; he opened wide and let that beautiful arrow shaped head slide past his tongue and into his throat. Bryce stood on tip toe now and huffed and gasped and gurgled as he felt the magic of Morgan's mouth and tongue working his tool. What he had experienced before was nothing compared to this. If Morgan had asked him in that moment to move in with him and be his lover for all time he would have said yes just on the strength of that magical blow job.

Morgan came off Bryce's cock and started kissing his thighs, making Bryce squirm with pleasure. Then he kissed up Bryce's smooth, flat stomach and onto his chest. He teased his little nipples with tooth and tongue before licking across his shoulder blades and then nibbling his earlobes. Bryce was a trembling wreck by the time Morgan's tongue forced its way past his lips and he surrendered to his hungry kiss.

'Come into the bedroom.' Morgan whispered in his lover's ear.

He took Bryce by the hand and led him into the bedroom. The pair lay down, top to toe, and began to indulge in the sweetest sixty nine they had each one of them ever experienced. Bryce stroked Morgan's well developed, hairy thighs as he slowly licked down the length of his shaft. Below hung a pair of very fat and furry nuts. The aroma that Bryce found so enchanting filled his nostrils as he licked and nipped at his lover's sex skin. He fondled his furry nuts, enjoying the heft of them in the palm of his hand. Now he took Morgan's precum slicked mushroom cap with its very pronounced ridge into his mouth. Gently nursing on that beautiful piece of meat he let his hands go back to tickling Morgan's hairy balls and teasing the hairy patch behind them.

Bryce suddenly pulled away from Morgan with such force that Morgan was worried he had done something wrong. But Bryce quickly flipped Morgan onto his stomach so that at last he could see those firm man mounds that were exactly as he liked them. They were shapely, firm and full, covered in long, silky dark hair. He greedily fondled Morgan's globes and gave them a deep massage before tugging them apart. A nest of dark, crinkly hair protected the love pit that Bryce was after. Morgan's ass was still sweaty from his session on the ice and Bruce was intoxicated; he was soon rooting around like a pig in a trough as the pheromone rich scent filled his nostrils and made him so crazed he could hardly breathe.

Morgan writhed about on the bed as Bryce ate him out with the most amazing skill and enthusiasm. Never before had Morgan felt o desired or so at ease with his ass, which he had always thought too fat and too hairy. Here was the hottest man he had ever seen going absolutely crazy for his ass; how lucky was he! He didn't resist when he felt Bryce's spit wet finger slide into his chute even though normally he did not like to be fucked. This time he knew he had no choice, and for Bryce he would do anything. Reaching across to his bedside table Morgan found his bottle of lube and handed it to Bryce.

Bryce's heart thumped in his chest as he accepted the bottle. It was the best result he could have ever hoped for. He wasn't really thinking about fucking Morgan when he started rimming him: he was simply responding to an animal lust deep within him. Now he eased a large dollop of the slick stuff up Morgan's ass and enjoyed how wonderful his asslips felt closing around his finger. Bryce slowly finger fucked Morgan until the hairy assed stud started to thrust that beautiful mound back and forth on his finger. It was soon hard to tell just who was fucking who and Bryce figured Morgan's ass was ready.

With butterflies in his stomach Bryce positioned himself above that ass that made him feel weak with desire. He slowly slid his cock between Morgan's cheeks and teased up and down the crack. Morgan let out a loud sigh as that warm cock slid past his waiting hole. Never had he wanted something so bad and when at last Bryce slid into him Morgan was the happiest man in the whole of Chicago town. He wriggled his hips and adjusted to the invading man spear that made each and every nerve in his ass come alive with pleasure.

Now Bryce lay down on Morgan's broad back and nibbled the nape of his neck. He whispered sweet nothings in his ear before slightly raising himself up on his hands and starting to fuck. He fucked slowly with all the tenderness and passion he could muster. Morgan lost the use of speech as he mumbled, groaned and sighed in response to the waves of pleasure that washed through his body. This is what it was all about; he had found the key that could unlock the door. That beautiful thick cock in is ass was taking him to a higher plane, somewhere he had never been before. He completely surrendered to Bryce's stroking and was surprised by the sudden gush of jizz out of his cock.

'Oh shit!' he groaned. 'I've just shot my bolt.'

Bryce had been holding back for ages now and at last he was free to blow. He quickly increased the tempo of his stroking and gave in to the dizzying onrush of orgasm He could feel pinpricks behind his closed eyelids, he was panting like a dog now and his cock was so sensitive it was almost torture.

'Urrrrghhh!' he cried out as his cock exploded, sending forth a geyser of thick, creamy spunk deep into Morgan's happy ass.

'I'm afraid I'm not leaving here until you fuck me.' Bryce said as he withdrew from Morgan's slippery chute.

'You might have to wait an hour or two.' Morgan replied and went to turn on the shower.

Bryce watched his new found lover's tight hairy ass bouncing up and down as he walked and could not wait for round two.

Copyright 2006 Daniel Blue