 "Fuck that's good!" He yelled. My neighbors were going to be pissed if they'd slept in, perhaps a day off work spoiled by us.

"Shit...Shit...Oh fuck..." I stuttered out.

In. out. In. out. I looked down between us. In. out. Such an underrated movement. My cock disappeared like god damn Houdini. His tight twin globes of tushy were the perfect hand holds. His short hair had sweat pouring off of it. This was round two for us. 

"Is that all you've got?" He twisted his head to look back at me.

I pulled a hand out to the side before swinging it back like lighting. A loud smack echoed throughout the apartment, a hand print already starting to show on his pale ass.

"Do that again." He growled.

Who am I to argue? We just found a whole new game boys. In. Out. Smack. In. Out. Smack. He abruptly pulled off my dick, turning and grabbing me by the neck to slam me down on the mattress. Lips met mine hard. Little bastard even bit my tongue. The only hint I had of action below was a hand positioning me against his open hole. I moaned into his mouth when I felt myself pass the ring of muscle that marked heaven.

Up. Down. Up. Down. This was almost better. I didn't have to do anything except stay hard, which wasn't exactly up to me at this point. I wasn't going down till I came, whether the rest of me wanted to or not. His hands stayed on my neck, the difference being one had slipped behind to pull my face to his. The other was still up against my Adam's apple.

He started to slow down after a minute or two. Who knows? I rolled us over, his legs staying wrapped around my hips the entire time, my cock lodged in him. This wouldn't last long. His hands wrapped around my neck in a different way now. His thumbs were going up and down, rubbing my cheeks like he was trying to make me smile as we kissed.

A few more minutes of thrusting, before my movements became jerky and violent. There's nothing like feeling yourself edge over the cliff into cumming. He only needed a few strokes from my hand before spraying like a hose all over our torsos. Our kisses slowed to a lazy meandering as we both came down from our high. When I felt myself slip out, I did up the condom and walked it over to the trash can. He welcomed me with open arms as we snuggled up together.

"So much for a warm lunch." He mumbled against my throat.

"I like this way better. Chicken can wait."

We had a short nap when my phone woke us both up. It was our day off. Whoever was calling had better be dead, dying, or on the way.

"Hello?" I growled out.

"Chico!"

"This better be good Robbie."

Adrian played with my chest hair while I talked. I reached down and kissed him real quick. He giggled before starting to nibble on my nipple. A moan escaped me.

"This sounds like a good time I'm missing."

"You wish. What did you want?"

"You're the one who said he'd come to poker night. It four o clock."

"Four o clock!" I exclaimed.

"Yup. I knew if I didn't call you'd forget about us."

"Oh shit, um... it's six o clock right?"

"Correct, at my place. Martin's wife doesn't want us drinking as much as she knows we will in front of her kids."

"I'm sure Martin has a claim on them as well."

"Not as big as the one she has on his balls."

"Very true. Is it cool to bring someone? Oh fuck..." I moaned. Adrian had wrapped his hand around a very sensitive part of me.

"Bring your doctor Chico, we want to meet the man who's got you wrapped around his finger."

Adrian laughed, only briefly stopping his assault on my nipples.

"Was that him?"

"Yes..." I moaned, almost forgetting that Robbie was listening.

"Well I'm hanging up now so you two can finish. I'll see you at six. Bring something to drink."

"Will do." I said before pressing the end call button.

"Babe." I said while pulling him off my chest. He looked up at me with a face full of innocence. Lying curd. "Don't look at me like that. Was somebody getting off by making me squirm on the phone?"

"Perhaps just a little." He smiled.

"Do you want to come with me to Ramirez's tonight?"

"Poker sounds fun. And I'm not opposed to meeting your friends. You've met mine."

"No I haven't." I was confused.

"You've met Denise."

"I knew her before you came here."

"Exactly. I haven't been here but maybe five months. My work schedule doesn't really let me know anyone outside the hospital."

"At least you managed to meet me." I smiled down at him, trying for charming.

"And what a blessing that was." He said as he kissed me again.

"Care for a shower?"

"Oh no. We've only got an hour and a half to get ready. No way would we be that quick."

"Well you go first then. You're hair takes longer than mine."

"Does not! You were in front of the mirror for thirty minutes the last time we went to dinner. Don't even try to say you weren't."

"I was going to say: yes master, whatever you want master."

"GET IN THE SHOWER!"

I laughed the whole way across the room, his quasi angry face trailing behind.

"I thought you didn't want to shower with me."

"I've changed my mind. Now mush!"

We were strictly professional in our cleaning. Well, almost. He had to slap my hands away numerous times. Still, he eventually let me clean his back for him. I got fingered for a minute before the little tease went back to his side of the stall. I'd come twice already that day, yet my dick was ready to go again. It's like being a teenager again, I swear.

"Door is locked and we're good to go."

"What do we need to pick up?"

"Beer or liquor."

"Which do you prefer?"

"To the liquor store Dr. Schwartz."

"You're never going to get tired of that are you?"

"It's unlikely."

"Silly boy." He said grinning.

Normally, the preppy style annoys me a bit. On Adrian however, I was learning to adjust my ways of thinking. It really took me a while to figure out how exactly he dressed. That may sound weird, but when the majority of the time you see someone you're both in uniform, it can make it hard to imagine them outside of that uniform. When I form a mental image of Adrian in my head, I still see him in scrubs. Damn tight scrubs at that.

Chinos didn't look bad on him though, even if the ocean blue reminded me of an episode of Miami Vice. My ripped and faded jeans looked vastly out of place walking alongside him.

"Was the Hawaiian shirt really necessary?" I asked. He was wearing a light blue based shirt with tropical designs in different bright colors open over a peach colored tank top. Blue tinted aviators completed the package.

"One of us needs to have some flare. How long did it take to pick out that t-shirt?"

I looked down at my Bud Lite shirt. It was a throw back from the 80's with a surf board and several empty cans laying on a beach next to a cooler.

"At least ten seconds."

When we got to street level, Adrian did something we hadn't previously done. He took my hand in his as we walked down the street to the liquor store. Big progressive city that this was, no one gave two fucks about a couple of dudes holding hands. This was an act of possession. He didn't even dare look my way. His eyes were straight ahead as we plodded along. My eyes switched from our hands to the side of his head.

"This is new." I said while giving our hands a little shake.

"Is it?"

"Don't play coy. You like me."

"You're tolerable."

"Come on, admit it! You like me."

People around us began giving us strange glances, a few laughing as they did so.

"Would you shut up?" He said with his blue glasses staring straight at my face.

"He does care." I said with a dramatic sigh.

He chuckled before shaking his head.

"You are a child."

"A man-child."

"Fine. An incredibly hot man-child who can't be serious for more than two seconds at a time."

"Works for me... boyfriend?"

"Boyfriend." He nodded once.

"Does this mean I can drag you around to the other kids' houses for show and tell?"

"Quiet you. What type of booze do you want to get. I'm feeling some vodka."

"That'll work for me. I'm not really in the mood to have something you can taste if you know what I mean."

"Yeah, I do. If they didn't make mix drinks I'd probably never get drunk. I can't drink enough beer to do it. The taste makes me sick after about four."

"Agreed, though not about the sick part."

We sat on a city bench while we waited for the cab service to come pick us up. The guy said it'd be about ten minutes. We could've gotten a normal cab, but I liked this company and we weren't in any hurry.

"So, tell me about your friends." He said while reclined on the bench, his arms spread out behind him. The one behind me rested with his hand on my shoulder.

"Well there's not much to tell really. Martin's been my partner for a little over three years now. He's in his mid-thirties, has a weird sense of humor sometimes, and can take a while to warm up to people. He's a good guy though, once he comes around. His wife makes him ornery. That and the herd of kids the man has given spawn to."

"Will he like me?"

"He's already seen you a couple of times though ya'll have never spoken I don't think. He was the one who told me to talk to you."

"Which you failed to do."

"Hey, I talked to you."

"Not in any way to let me know which team you batted for or if you were even interested."

"I made the first move."

"Oh that's bull shit. 'You have pretty eyes.' Is not making the first move, especially while I'm half-awake eating some burnt eggs you called yourself making."

"I'm hurt! Here I thought my eggs was what brought you round to my side."

"If that was the case, I'd have changed states to get away from those eggs."

"So hurtful..." I pouted.

"Cheer up Macduff. You have plenty of other skills." He leered at my crotch. We can't fuck on a bench Adrian. Even I will go to jail for that. "Now, tell me about the other guy. The one who called if I remember correctly."

"That you do. Robbie and I went to the academy together. We've fooled around here and there." He gave me a questioning look. "Nothing serious, I assure you. He doesn't date guys and even if he did I'm not sure we would've made a good couple. We're too much alike, too competitive at the wrong things. Plus, Robbie is still in the sleeping around stage."

"Is he hot?" He interrupted me before I could say anything with, "You can be honest."

"Stocky, cute Mexican guy with a decent amount of chest hair and a good build."

"Smoking?"

"Oh yeah."

"Who topped?"

I damn near choked on air.

"Excuse me?"

"Who. Topped?" He was smiling broadly.

"I only topped Robbie once, and that was sorta an experiment for him. He said he liked it, he just didn't know how to really feel about it. I told him not to worry about it, that I'd go with the flow."

"You prefer the bottom anyway."

"And how do you know this?"

He stared at me, again like I was an idiot.

"You practically beg for my cock every time I fuck you. The first few times I bottomed I had to bribe you with food."

"What can I say, my prostate isn't on the tip of my dick. Like all good things, it's what's on the inside that matters."

"Oh my god, just shut up now."

"I wish I could have your dick in my ass all the time." I whispered against his ear.

"If you keep that up I'm telling the cabbie to take us back to your place and Robbie can go fuck himself."

"He may do that already for all I know."

"I really do want to meet this guy now."

"Sounds like someone wants a threesome."

He looked me up and down for a moment. Before he could say anything, our white cab pulled up, trademark of the Easy E's Cab Company. We both clambered inside the back, my credit card immediately going through the reader.

"What's going on Officer Macintyre?" Jesus called from up front. He'd driven me home numerous times, even helping me to the door on a few occasions. He was a cool old dude who always wore floral shirts, sorta like what Adrian had on now, but more Caribbean themed.

"Nothing much Padre. This here's Adrian, my boyfriend." I said beaming.

"Eh! Congratulations my man. Hey blondie, this is my best customer. You fuck him over, and I float you down the river, they never gonna find you."

Adrian laughed along with Jesus. "As long as I can bring my water wings, I'm fine."

"Water wings, HA! Good man, good man. Where we going to this time chief?"

"I'm not chief yet Padre. One day maybe. Do you remember Robert Ramirez's house?"

"The Hombre you work with?"

"That's the one."

"I know it my man."

Adrian and I were entertained by Jesus's singing the entire way out to the suburbs. Robbie lived in a modestly sized three room ranch house he'd inherited when his grandmother passed away. I'd been here more times than I could count.

"See ya later Padre." I left him a large tip for taking us all the way out from the city.

"Take it easy Gringo Loco."

"So," Adrian started. "That was interesting."

"Yeah, Jesus is something else."

"We were talking about something before that cab ride."

"That we were."

"Fine, I'll say it. I don't want an open relationship, but if we found someone we both wanted to have some fun with, I wouldn't mind so long as we both agreed. That good with you?"

"Perfect babe. In all honesty, I don't really want anyone but you." I said quietly.

"I... I don't know what to say." He looked stunned.

"Relax baby." I said with a quick kiss. "I'm just saying I really like you too. I'm open to having some fun myself, but only if you want to. If it's just me and you from here on, I'm more than okay with that."

He pulled me in for a deep kiss. We were starting to get into when a set of headlights broke up our exchange.

"God Damn! Dinner and a show." Exclaimed Martin as he pulled himself out of his car. "Here I thought I was late."

"Martin meet Adrian Schwartz. Adrian, this is Martin Davis, my partner."

They both shook hands, exchanging pleasantries.

"I would ask if you'd talked to Robbie but I'm going to go ahead and assume the answer is no."

"That'd be correct. He called me at four. Since then he's a ghost."

"Well, let's go wake the lazy bum up."

Martin was the first to call out when we got to the door. By call out, I mean the fool rang the doorbell while banging on the door, all the while yelling "Police! Search warrant. Come on out, we know you're in there!"

Some of Robbie's neighbors knew who we were. The ones who didn't looked worried. Their worried looks vanished when the door opened to reveal Robbie in jeans and a tank top. He hugged Martin and me before turning to face Adrian.

"So this is the mysterious doctor. Nice to finally meet the guy whose taken up all of the idiot's time."

"He only spends time with me cause I feed him." Laughed Adrian.

"I'm sure you feed him something." Joked Martin.

"Is this shit on Alex night or what?" I said laughing.

"We don't need to know what you two do in your spare time." Martin said, then continued before I could retort. "Where's the salsa Ramirez? And not that nasty shit you tried to peddle down our throats last time." Martin pointed a finger in Robbie's direction.

"Yes sir corporal. I made sure to hit Mrs. Gonzales up when I knew you were coming."

"Wait a minute, how come I don't get the good stuff if it'd just been me?" I asked.

"Cause you're not special, least not that way." Called Martin. He had settled down in his normal seat at Robbie's kitchen table so that he could see the television. He was already organizing the cards and chips.

The salsa was home made by a lady who lived a few doors down from Robbie who knew him since he was a little boy. When we came here last time, Martin noticed the difference the second the chip hit his mouth. You would've thought he'd tasted poison and had to warn the king before he died. Turned out, Mrs. Gonzales was on vacation that week. Martin has bitched about it ever since.

"If you like the stuff that much, then you need to go talk to her yourself." Said Robbie.

"I just may do that. She made that weird dessert too, didn't she?"

"When I got cut up by that bastard Johnson?"

Martin nodded.

"Yeah she made that. They're not weird, they're Churros."

"The only thing close to that word this white boy knows is Cheerios."

"Idiots." Robbie muttered.

"Anything we can do to help?" I asked.

"YOU can stay out of the way. Go sit with Martin, that way you don't hurt anything. Your boy toy can come help me in the kitchen."

"Jackass." I turned and gave Adrian a quick peck before going to sit beside Martin.

Five minutes later, Martin was busting my balls again.

"He's not going to disappear."

"I know that."

"Well then stop burning a hole in his back. Watch the TV. Hell, watch a bird for all I care."

"Thanks Martin. You really know how to make a guy feel good about his self."

"I do try..." He glanced up at me, then over to Adrian. "He seems like a good guy so far. At least he looks over here whenever you look away for more than two seconds."

"What?" My eyes immediately snapped over to Adrian, whose eyes swiftly ducked back to whatever he was cooking.

"God bless America son, never get a puppy. If the thing was the least bit skittish, you'd frighten if off."

"I just like watching him."

"I'm going to puke."

"Fuck off."

When the food was ready, Robbie and Adrian set the plates down on the bar. We all served ourselves in a short little line, Adrian and Robbie going first since they cooked. They had made some sort of grilled chicken mixed with peppers and tomatoes, rice on the side. Mashed potatoes and gravy sat off to the side, isolated like they were in time out. Robbie only made them for me, so he liked to let me know in subtle ways how my food choices were inferior to his. I'm not bull shitting, we'd had this conversation before. I grabbed some steamed tortilla shells on my way back to the table.

"Everything looks great guys. You did good." Said Martin. I said something in agreement.

"Let's not get too cocky." Said Adrian. "We'll see if it kills you first."

"At least I'll die happy and fed." I said.

We chatted amiably throughout our meal. Martin and Robbie talked about work, while Adrian and I exchanged flirty glances. Robbie threw a steamed carrot at me. "You guys can flirt at home."

"Ah Robbie, here I thought of this as a home away from home." I pouted.

He shook his head while saying something that sounded decidedly derogatory towards me in Spanish. I noticed Adrian giving Robbie some long glances throughout the night. Even after we moved on to our poker game and started drinking, the mood remained light.

"You son of bitch Ramirez."

"Don't blame me for how the cards come out Martin, no one likes a sore loser."

"I fold." Grumped Martin, his cards hitting the table in a quiet fervor. He hadn't been drinking, since he had to drive.

"I raise." Said Adrian. Slurred is probably a better word. Yeah, let's go with slurred.

"You come after me Adrian." I said, tapping his shoulder.

"Well call so I can raise." He stated.

"What if I want to raise?"

"You don't. Now call."

"Fuck you, I'm raising."

"If that's part of your plan Adrian, then you're a genius when you're drunk." Said Robbie.

"Do what?" I asked confused, my mind muddled by drink.

"Don't worry about it babe." Adrian said while laying down some chips. Robbie laughed some more. I was feeling good.

I lost that hand miserably with Adrian raking in all the chips. I didn't give a fuck. I was too drunk and we weren't playing for money anyway.

"Well fella's, I'm out of here. I'm sure the Mrs. Is ready for me to come on home."

"Adios Martin." I said.

"See ya man." Called Robbie.

Adrian just silently waved, a smile planted on his face.

"Bunch of winos." Martin said as he walked past us and out the door.
