 When we heard about the party it actually sounded like a good time: good food, free drinks, and a nice room to for some great sex afterwards. Nick and I decided to bring it up a notch and even reserved one of the suites with a hot tub to get all hot and slippery in. No one except Char knew about our relationship, or whatever you want to call it, and we figured we could just say that we were sharing a double room to save money. 

Unfortunately, it seemed as if all of our plans had been ruined not long before the night came. Nick had been recruited by a different company and he had been considering it. It required him to move to Boston and wasn't something he could pass up, if he got it—it was a big step up. 

They had let us know a little over a month in advance about the party so everyone could make the reservations and whatnot. At that time, Nick had only just been told he would be given what would most likely be a lengthy interview process, so there was no real reason to not plan for it. The thing was that Nick absolutely kicked ass right off the bat, and they hired him on the spot. He was understandably excited as he told me about it at his apartment: 

"So when do you start?" I asked, trying to conceal my slightly selfish disappointment and keep from dampening his spirits. 

"In two weeks!" 

"Two weeks? ...That soon?" 

"Yep! They want me up there as soon as I can be—I gave my notice today." 

"Wow!" 

Nick began to pick up on my vibe. "Hey... It's not like will never see each other again." 

"You're right, I'm sorry. I really am happy for you, it's just... I'm going to miss you." 

"What? You still have Char to talk to at work," he joked, poking me in the side. 

"You know what I mean," I replied, finally cracking a smile. 

"That's better," he grinned back, "and I'll miss you, too." 

We hugged tightly and I began to feel a lot better. "Okay, then! It is Friday night after all—we should go out and celebrate." 

"Absolutely, we should!" Nick cheered. 

"Well, it's your night, what do you want to do?" 

He thought about it for a few moments. "How about dinner at a nice place?" 

"I love it—and maybe some dancing afterwards...?" 

"We'll see about that." Nick wasn't a big fan of dancing, so I was surprised to hear him even entertain the idea. 

We decided to open a bottle of wine and have a few drinks first. It was still a touch early for dinner and it gave us a chance to pick out a restaurant as well as him being able to tell me more about his new job. I won't bore you with all the details, but it was a tech startup that he was going to and he was going to be their V.P. of marketing—the man was talented. 

Three glasses later, and we were ready to get a move on. 

"We should get a cab," Nick suggested. 

"Good idea—the wine's going down pretty damn smoothly." 

"You Wisconsin boys!" 

"Hey," I rebuttal sardonically, "it's my culture." 

"So sorry," Nick laughed. "How about you arrange a cab, and I'll go find us something to wear?" 

"Perfect." 

I was certainly not dressed for someplace nice but luckily Nick and I were close enough to the same size that I could wear his clothes. By the time I had arranged for a cab, he came out of his bedroom holding up two different outfits. "What'da think?" 

I looked them over a couple of times. "I'll go with the white button-up and khakis—you should wear the blue sweater and black pants." 

"Good choice." 

Nick always looked amazing in blue. "I know." 

"Did you get a cab?" 

"Yeah, it'll be here in about fifteen minutes." 

"Great! One more glass of wine while we get dressed, then." 

About a half hour later we were at the best restaurant in town: not too extravagant, but still very good with amazing food. A whole bottle of wine went down between us as we ate, and Nick was getting more and more jovial as the night went on. 

"So, how about some dancing, now?" I asked after the check came. 

"Let's do it!" he practically sang out. 

He seemed incredibly excited about the idea, and I could hardly believe it. 

"Awesome! So where to?" 

Nick got a gleam in his eye and then lowered his voice. "I've actually heard about a new place... Not exactly a gay club, but from my understanding, we won't get beaten up there for dancing together." 

"I like the sound of that—especially the not getting beaten up part. Where's it at?" 

"It's in Ashland." This is the next town over. 

"Another cab, then?" 

"I guess so." 

Another taxi was arranged and about forty minutes later we were at the club. It was pretty cool but nothing out of the ordinary when it comes to nightclubs: kind of dark with disco lights and very loud music. Although, what Nick had heard was evident as we walked in by the sight of multiple same-sex couples dancing together right next to straights. It was refreshing to see that level of acceptance. 

A hard liquor drink really got our motors running, and we were soon out on the dance floor slithering and grinding on each other all over the place. It was a side of Nick I had never really seen. He was usually so reserved, and to be completely honest, the man had very little rhythm. I sometimes couldn't help but shake my head in amazement watching him gyrate and giving it his all out on the dance floor. 

But after all that dancing and breaks for more drinks, the terrible room lights came on, telling us it was time to go. Fortunately, Nick had the wherewithal to order us one more cab when the bartenders started yelling the last call. We chugged down our last cocktails, and it was already waiting for us when we walked out the door. 

"Have fun, guys?" the blonde, female, thirty-something-ish, cab driver asked with a big grin as we spilled into the back seat. 

"Oh, yeah," I mumbled, always sounding the most Scandinavian when I'm drunk (not that I'm ashamed). 

"That's good," she laughed as she started the meter and pulled out. "I've heard a lot of great stuff about that place." 

"It's pretty awesome!" Nick interjected with a slight slur. 

"That's what I've heard," she laughed again, "for the right kind of people, at least." 

She then turned her head back and gave us a big smile. "My name's Shauna. Now you boys just cuddle up, relax, and keep enjoying yourselves—we've got a bit of a drive ahead of us." 

I don't know if she was a gay or bi or whatever, but it was obvious she didn't really care if we wereeither way.After she turned on some really old-timey, country music—that I surprisingly found very relaxing at the time—Nick and I sunk into our seats. It was going to be at least an hour-long drive

so there was no reason to not get comfortable. I also can't say that her telling us to cuddle up and more importantly, "keep enjoying ourselves," wasn't an invitation—at least as far as I was concerned. 

I moved to my left, getting right next to Nick, and began to nuzzle his neck with kisses. I then moved my right hand to his crotch and was almost shocked to find not only his fly already open, but his cock semi-erect. We were clearly on the same wavelength, and without a moment's hesitation, I took hold of it and began stroking. 

We locked lips as I started tugging on him harder, and the music mysteriously became louder as we went at it. When he reached full-mast he moaned, pushed my hand away, put his mouth to my ear, and whispered: "Suck me." 

I looked forward, finding Shauna paying no attention to us, and figured I might as well—God knows I wanted to! All that dancing had left both of us pretty sweaty, and when I bent down, his sent nearly overloaded my senses. He was as strong as I had ever smelled him and it drove me into a frenzy. Within seconds I was gobbling his prick like a starved dog, taking it deep down my throat. 

Up and down, up and down I went until finally lifting me up and leaving his tool a slathered mess of thick saliva, Nick pulled my face to his and kissed me on the lips. "I really want to fuck you." 

"Did you just say you want to fuck me?" I asked with the music being almost blaring loud. 

Nick just nodded. 

"Right here? Right now?" 

He just nodded again with a devilish look in his eye. 

"Why not?" I answered, getting the feeling by then that our cab driver was not going to care what the hell we did in her backseat. 

I turned over onto my right side while pulling my pants down to my knees, and after mopping up more of my slimy spit from my mouth, I worked it into my asshole and waited for Nick to enter me. The first few attempts were a little difficult but we eventually got into a good enough alignment where he could get his hard cock up my ass. 

"Oh! Oh, hell yes!" I moaned and then quickly covered my mouth as his penis went deep into me. 

I looked up to see if Shauna had noticed the shenanigans going on behind her, half expecting her to

pull the car over and telling us to get out that instant, but instead, found her adjusting her rear-view mirror. We made eye contact in the process, and she just gave me an approving wink before moving it into a better position to see the action. I also noticed that the music volume had been turned down some. I doubt Nick was aware of any of these things as he plowed into me, but the idea of her listening and stealing glances of us together was a major turn on for me. 

Meanwhile, Nick pounded me like it was the last piece of ass he was ever going to get. We both grunted and groaned brazenly, and I had an almost ceaseless ass-gasm in the process. It seemed like we had been fucking for hours and I was beginning to wonder if he was going to be able to finish before we actually got home, but that wasn't the case. 

"I'm gonna fucking cum!" he suddenly blurted out loudly. 

You know those scenes in movies where someone walks into a bar and you hear a needle scratch across a record and everyone stops and stares? It was kind of like that after he uttered those words: the music did suddenly stop and Shauna's spoke up with absolute authority. "All right you two, I've let you have your fun, but don't you dare leave a big mess for me to clean up!" 

Nick pulled out of me, and immediately sat frozen back in his seat, apparently unaware of how much she knew about what was going on. 

I quickly began kissing him around the neck, telling him not to worry about it. "I want that load in my mouth, anyways." 

I went back to blowing him like a crazed monster, but I think the interruption had some effect on him: he's just couldn't seem to cum. 

"Here we are," Shauna said as the car finally came to a stop while I continued to suck him. 

"Just keep the meter running," Nick grunted with his dick in my mouth. 

"If you say so." 

I'm not sure how long it took but eventually Nick began to snort and grunt and his whole body went tense. He then gushed a tremendous flood of spunk into my mouth while practically howling. It was a monster load of jizz! And thick! It took all I had to keep any from spilling out of my mouth but I kept sucking and sucking until I had collected every bit from his pulsating cock. 

A boisterous moan then came from the front and looked up. I saw Shauna's leaning over her seat

and watching us while clearly masturbating to the sight of it. I guess she came about the same time Nick did. 

"Mmm, that's a good boy, take it all..." she crowed, still touching herself as I finished him off. 

By the time it was over, I wasn't sure how long she had been watching us, or how aware Nick was of her doing so. I knew about her checking us out here and there when we were fucking but had no idea she had been watching me suck him and masturbating. Not that it bothered me in the slightest. The thought of a woman getting off to us turned me on like Christmas lights in November, and It reminded me a bit of Charlotte. 

The whole car reeked of sex—both male and female—as I gave Shauna a smile and got out without saying a word (I had devised a little plan) and headed to Nick's front door. Nick quickly followed me, after thanking her. 

"That was some crazy shit!" Nick said as we entered his apartment. 

I remained completely silent, and instead of replying, pressed him towards his kitchen table, unbuttoned his pants, and spun him around. I then pushed him over it and pulled them down—it was time for my plan to unfold 

He, of course, put up no resistance. "Shit, yeah, baby! Get in there!" 

And get in there I did! His ass looked as enticing as I had ever seen it, and I straightaway drove my face between his cheeks, inhaling his sweet, dank aroma deeply. 

The reason I had kept silent was simple: I hadn't actually swallowed his load. I had kept it in my mouth the entire time—and it was now time to use it. 

I pulled his cheeks wide apart, lifted my face just above his crack, and let his slippery goo drool out of my mouth and slide down through it. Going back down, I began to ravish his cum-covered asshole with everything I had in me, licking his spunk up while tonguing his rim, and spitting it back all over it before slurping large amounts down. Almost my entire face was soon coated with his juices and fuck, it tasted good! The combination of his tangy hole and sweet semen was like nothing else—how many people get a chance to eat a guy's semen off of his own butt-hole? 

I may have eaten his ass like a wild animal but I didn't do it for very long. We were both in a frenzied fit of passion and Nick was soon begging me to fuck him. 

I was as hard as a redwood, and with his sloppy, drenched backside, all it took was a little more spit smeared around my shaft before I was inside of him, pushing his thick load in deep. 

It became a pure, savage ass fucking as I pounded into him ceaselessly, causing him to shout "Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck!" and the table he was leaning against to screech forward with every thrust. But, just like the rim job I had given him, it didn't last long, either—or I didn't, at least. 

I pulled Nick up and wrapped my arms around him tightly and kissing him all over his neck and shoulders. 

"I'm gonna cum," I whispered, slowing my pace while giving him deep, hard strokes up his ass. 

"I want it in my mouth..." Nick panted heavily, "I might not taste you again for a while." 

I pulled out with my cock already beginning to ooze, and Nick quickly turned around, got on his knees, and started sucking me. I came the second my head entered his mouth, and he kept going and going, guzzling my jizz until I finally had to make him stop. 

I nearly collapsed right there on the floor after he had milked my last drop and let me go. 

"Holy fuck..." we both then suddenly heard coming from near the front door, and looked up—it was Shauna standing there with her pants open and her hand down her panties. 

We were too shocked to say a word, but she pulled her hand out and immediately began to try and explain: 

"Oh, my God! I'm sooo sorry guys; please forgive me!" she pleaded. "It's just... Ah... After everything that happened back in my cab, we all kinda forgot about you paying me—I didn't realize it, myself, till you were already inside and I saw the meter was still running." 

"You're fucking kidding me?" Nick replied, bewildered and pulling up his pants. 

"Nope," she continued apprehensively. "I couldn't let such a big fair just go, so I went up to your door—which was still over halfway open—and was about to knock when I heard you moaning; I didn't know what to do: I couldn't just leave without getting paid, and I didn't want to wait outside like some stalker freak, but I also didn't want to disrupt what you were obviously doing... So I just sorta sneaked in and when I saw you—well... It was just too sexy to not watch. I'm fucking so embarrassed and completely understand if you're pissed." 

Shauna stood there wincing after explaining herself—I imagine thinking we were going to be furious—as Nick and I looked at each other. We both then started to crack up. 

"Don't worry about it," I snorted as I laughed and pulled my pants back up as well. "If anything we should be apologizing to you." 

"No doubt!" Nick joined in. "I can't believe we didn't even shut the door..." 

"Oh, thank God!" Shauna sighed with tremendous relief. "I can't tell you how glad I am you're not mad... And by the way, that was ridiculously hot! I came twice—I'm surprised you didn't hear me." 

"I guess we were a little preoccupied," I snickered, "but I'm happy you enjoyed the show—both of them." 

"That I did! And I have the soaked undies to prove it," Shauna said, finally laughing with us. 

We all giggled for a few minutes more and then Nick and her squared up on the fair and she said there was no need for a tip, but he insisted on it anyway. We end things by each giving her a big hug and saying that if we ever needed a cab in her area again, we would definitely ask for Shauna. 

"Only if it goes the same way as tonight," she said with a smile and left. 

After that, we both managed to stumble into his bedroom, and literally crashed onto his bed. We didn't even get our clothes off before passing out in each others' arms. 

I awoke the next morning next to him, both of us stark naked. Apparently we had stripped down at some point in the night. I moved closer to him holding him tightly in the spoon position and couldn't help but fondle his soft penis. He woke up shortly after and as soon as we were both completely conscious we laughed about the craziness of the night before: 

"It's a little hazy, but did we really fuck in the cab on the way home?" Nick asked with a chuckle. 

"We certainly did," I replied with a giggle of my own. "And had an audience while doing it." 

"Really—in the cab, too?" 

"Yep. She had been spying on us the whole time through the mirror." 

"I had no idea! That's pretty wild we had a woman watch us fuck." 

"Twice—and cum three times, apparently." 

"Well, at least she enjoyed it." 

"She wasn't the only one," I said and kissed his cheek. "I thought it was fucking incredible." 

"So was the ass fucking you gave me—it was so intense—and did you use my cum for lube?" 

"Yeah," I smiled. "Somebody told me it was the best kind." 

"I think they're right." 

"I completely agree." 

We continued to pillow talk in soft whispers, eventually coming to Nick's inevitable going away. He was right about one thing: we would definitely see each other again. But he was wrong about another: we had two more weeks together, and we fucked like crazy every chance we got during them. And believe me, that night wasn't the last time he tasted me. We still had his going away party yet to come, but that's a completely different story. 

To be concluded...