 It was an easy question but how to ask it. Me and Jake had been friends for more than ten years before the question was asked. We had met through a mutual friend while I was working in a local nightclub. We just seemed to hit it off straight away and so we would spend most of my nights off in the same nightclub. We chatted about almost everything and often had long discussions on the most trivial topics. These discussions would last for hours and a lot of beers. We became members of the local casino and would go there after I finished work. Eventually I got a daytime job and we were able to go out more often and could go almost anywhere as all the local nightclubs had an arrangement where staff from one could go into any of the others for free. We would sit in the VIP lounge and drink quietly with the managers or other important people. This went on for years and we must have covered every possible topic during those long nights spent in noisy bars and club.

After a while I bought a house and started to settle down in my job, although neither of us had a steady girlfriend we did know lots of girls especially Jake. He worked in an office and seemed to know most of the women we would run into on our weekly nights out. The question of if we would get married was never an issue as we were both enjoying being bachelors too much. A few times we would forego the night out for a boozy night in at my place. Here we would watch a movie or two or just chat while we drank a large amount of beer. I had a few porno videos and occasionally we would watch one for a while but it didn't really interrupt the conversation or the beer. 

One day a friend of ours asked me if I thought Jake was gay as she had never seen him with a girlfriend. I had had a few short-lived romances during the time I knew him but when I thought about it a little I realised that he hadn't had any. It got me thinking and I decided to find out one way or the other. 

The next time we spent the night boozing at my house I asked him what he thought about gay men and if he had been to any of the local gay bars. His reaction was if anything a little too emphatic "No Never!" leading me to wonder if "he doth protest too much". I now wanted to really find out how far he would go.

I had a few porno videos in which a man would fuck the arse of some woman and she would scream and shout as if she was really getting off on it. I had one that started with the woman slowly sucking the guy hard and then he would turn her round and very slowly push his cock into her waiting anus. It finished with him pulling out and spraying her backside with cum. This would be perfect as much of the time the camera concentrated solely on his cock. It was easy enough to forget the gender of the asshole being pounded. This was what I would start the entertainment with next time. 

The next time was a few weeks later and we started with a movie and a couple of beers. After an hour or so we decided the movie was a little boring so I suggested we watch a porno instead and Jake agreed. I started the video and tried to see his reaction without him noticing. He seemed to be interested but didn't really make any comments so I did.

"She seems to be enjoying sucking his cock" I said as dispassionately as I could. "He seems to be enjoying get it sucked as well". We watched as the head of his cock slowly slid inside her waiting ass. "God, that's a big cock to fit inside such a tight hole." I said as it disappeared all the way to his balls.

"Yeah" was all Jake said as he stared at the TV screen. 

"He is really banging away on that ass." I said deliberately not saying anything thing about who's ass it was. "And they're really pushing back on to it." Another "yeah" was all the reply I got again as the guy built up towards the cumshot. "Fuck, look at all that thick cum". Jake was now on the edge of his seat watching as the guy's cock spurted the white fluid all over her back. From Jake's reaction I knew he was interested but I still wasn't sure if it was because the fucking the woman's ass was getting or the sight of the guy's cock so I decided to go even further next time.

I went to the local sex shop and bought a gay video with the intention of setting it up for the next night in. This time Jake asked if we could stay in the following week as he "didn't have much money this week". I wasn't sure but I hoped it was because he wanted to watch a video instead. I normally got a shower long before Jake arrived but this time I waited until only twenty minutes before he was due to arrive. I washed all over and made sure my hair was still wet when he arrived. I let him in dressed only in a towel and said I got home late and hadn't had time to get dressed yet. He seemed to be happy enough to sit and wait but I said I wouldn't bother as we weren't going out. It was warm enough to sit in just the towel so I suggested we get a beer and start the video instead of getting dressed again. 

"No problem, it's your house." Was the reply as he sat down in front of the TV. 

"I'll get the beers you find a video to watch. I got a few new ones, they are over there near the TV." There were a couple of crappy movies on top and then a porno and then the gay video. I took my time getting the beers and glasses so that he could look through all of them and choose the one I hoped he would choose. When I got back he was reading the cover of one of the boxes but I couldn't see which. "Put one in and start the player" I said as I put his beer down. It was at this point I should have thought about what would happen if he put the gay one in or least what I would do. 

It hadn't occurred to me to think about what I might do once I had taken this game to the end. I simply planned to find out what I wanted to know and not what I was going to after that. He did the gay one in and it started with not much action. Three guys were just sitting chatting when a book salesman arrived but within two minutes they had him naked and were heading in the same direction with their clothing. One guy dropped to his knees and started to blow the salesman, the other two were working on each others cock on the couch next to them. Soon there were four big stiff cocks on the screen in front of us and mine was starting to stiffen too. 

I looked across and found that the front of Jake's pants seemed to be a little tighter than normal. I moved in my seat and the towel slid a little to one side but not enough to reveal anything of my now rock hard cock. The action continued with a serious bit of ass fucking and I could see Jake was getting hot. I finished my drink and offered to get him another. 

"Thanks I need a beer, it's so hot tonight I'm getting thirsty." I stood up and the front of the towel was pushed the full six inches from the front of my body but Jake was too engrossed in the video. I went to the kitchen and took a coupe of beers from the fridge. I suddenly got an idea about what to do next. I retied the towel so that the end was just next to the raging hard on that wiggled as I walked. Now if I turned quickly or stood at the right angle Jake would get an eyeful of my cock.

When I gave him his drink I stood just to one side so that I didn't block his view of the TV but if he turned slightly he would see the half open gap in the towel but not the cock that held the gap open. I noticed that the front of his pants had a tent nearly as big as mine. He didn't notice at first but as he took the drink from my hand his eyes caught a glimpse and his head almost whipped round. I stood up straight so that my cock was nearly at his eyelevel, the gap at the front opened a little more and now I was sure he could part of the shaft. His eyes were focused on the thick piece of meat between my legs so with a twist that was only just fast enough to make sure my cock "fell out" of my towel, I turned to look at the TV. My cock poked its head from the gap in the towel and I stayed there pretending to be interested in the video and not noticing that my cock was just inches from his face

"What do you think of his cock?" I said pointing at one of the actors, "It looks very big and fat but the other guy's is shorter and hairier. I don't like the shaved one as it doesn't look right." Jake didn't say anything at first so I pressed on with the chat. "Which one do you like best?" now it was the moment of truth, "I think mine is as good as any of theirs" I said as I turned, opening up the front of the towel and almost shoved my cock into his face. 

"I think yours is the best out of all of them." He said without taking his eyes off it. 

This was past the point I had thought up to, beyond getting him hard with the video I hadn't thought about it. I untied the towel and let it drop to the floor now I was naked and my cock was sticking out from my belly as hard as it had ever been

"What's your cock like? It seems to want to come out from those tight pants." 

As he stood up I unsnapped the waistband and lowered the zip. His pants slowly slid over his hips and finally fell round his ankles. His cock was hard and straining at the front of his shorts which I pulled down without thinking either. I pulled them down with both hands and now found myself almost squatting in front of him. His cock was hairy and thick and now just inches from my face. 

This should have been the point when I backed out but for some reason I didn't. As I stood up I stuck out my tongue and licked his cock. He reached down and started to rub his cock and I watched as he pulled the foreskin back and forth over the bulbous head of his throbbing cock. I was the one who was too fascinated to move this time. I knelt between his legs as his hand moved up and down his fat cock. It was less than an inch from my face and it only took a slight movement to bring my lips to the swollen purple head. I tentatively licked the little hole at the very top of his cock again and then again as he very slowly pulled the foreskin back and forth. 

I didn't want to rush this so I kissed my way up his stomach to his chest until I was stood in front of him. His hand was on his cock and mine hand was on my cock as we gently wanked ourselves. I'm not sure who moved but gradually our cocks got closer and closer. The back of his hand would touch the skin just below the head of my cock. Every time it did my cock would jump and get even harder. I didn't want this to stop but then it get even better as he stopped wanking his and started to wank my cock instead. I reached out and took hold of his cock and for the first time, I felt someone else's throbbing cock in my hand. We slowly wanked each other until I couldn't take it any more, I wanted to taste it properly and not just a quick lick. I knelt down again and gently licked the head of his cock again. As I licked he pushed his hips forward just a little and instead of licking, I started to suck. Only the head of his cock was in my mouth and neither of us moved very much. We were waiting for the other to do more but we stayed in this position for several seconds before suddenly he thrust the whole of his hot cock into my waiting mouth. 

I almost gagged on the rock hard piece of meat but I did my best to keep sucking. So far, I hadn't touched him with anything except my lips and my tongue and he hadn't touched me with anything except his cock but now I slid one of my hands up his legs and cupped those big hairy balls in my hand. The other hand was on my own cock and was starting to build up a rhythm as I matched his thrusts. He put his hands on the back of my head and pushed his cock even further into my willing mouth.

"You seem to like sucking cock but would you go further?" he said as he looked down on me as I moaned with pleasure in between thrusts. I looked up at him then his cock and simply nodded.