 "A Guild Navigator is a fictional humanoid in the Dune universe created by Frank Herbert. In this series, starships called heighliners employ a scientific phenomenon known as the Holtzman effect to "fold space" and thereby travel great distances across the universe instantaneously. Navigators are able to use a limited form of prescience to safely navigate interstellar space. To enable their prescience, Guild Navigators consume large quantities of the spice known as Melange which is found only on the planet Dune. The Navigators are continuously immersed in large tanks of highly concentrated amounts of orange spice gas. This level of extreme and extended exposure causes their bodies to mutate over time, their heads and extremities elongating, and causing them to become vaguely aquatic in appearance. The first external sign of melange-induced metabolic change is visible in the eyes, as the drug tints the sclera and iris to a dark shade of blue, called "blue-in-blue" or "the Eyes of Ibad." "A total blue so dark as to be almost black." This is a common side effect in all spice addicts."

I have always been fascinated with the Navigators from the Dune universe created by Frank Herbert. I have been using poppers for years and have often compared it to the spice Melange from the Dune universe. I have experimented with many delivery vehicles to enhance my popper experience as I masturbate. Many of us call this "popperbating." You want to maintain that "high" by inhaling the poppers and not disturbing your popperbating session. The other problem is how to inhale while actually sucking on a large cock or taking a huge cock deep into your bowels without ruining the mood. I have been on popperbating sessions that have lasted for hours while I was turned into a "popper Goon." I have also sniffed poppers to relax my asshole while some older, hairy bear was fucking me hard. I have actually passed out on several occasions sitting in a chair in front of my computer masturbating and came to find myself on the floor.

I tried using gas masks but came up with the idea of an immersion tank in which I would lay on a bed with a computer for porn and jack away my cares. The construction of the tank took about 6 months with much experimentation. I had created about 20 gallons of amyl nitrate based on recipes I found on the web. The day came in which I was going to go all the way with it. I turned on the pump motor and heard the whoosh of the compressor as it pushed the air through the popper bath and into my tank. I began stroking my cock and the fumes carried me away...

I was in a psychedelic haze when I saw before me a huge cock. The large head lay covered in thick foreskin that was covered in bulging veins that looked filled to their absolute limit. Pearly white flow ran from the deep slit in the center down to the border of velvety skin reaching past the flaring crown of the brute in front of me. From there, the pearly path stretched downward nine or ten inches in a wide line of drooling precum that ended in curved clear droplet that left my mouth watering over my tongue.

I leaned forward as easily and naturally as if taking my next breath. Twisting my neck, I angled my mouth to capture that drop and move upward along that thick stream of precum sliding into my mouth until I reached and moved my wide stretched lips over the bulky head from which it leaked so freely. The huge cock flexed and spat more precum into my mouth just before it broke free from the hungry grip of my lips to bob and slather my nose, cheek, forehead, and one eyebrow in more salty cock-drool.

I grabbed for it with my mouth once again and slid up on as much of it as I could. My lips were stretched thin and tight, and my tongue was pressed down against the bottom of my mouth by the tremendous oversized girth of the man. I sat on the bed of my popper immersion tank amazed and thrilled that this huge monster of a cock could fit inside my mouth...or, anywhere else for that matter.

On and off I sucked, lapping my tongue across the amazing bulk of the hulking head and cumbersome shaft when possible...soaring in the salty sweet precum that would spit across my tongue whenever that big animal cock would flex and jerk inside my mouth. I reached up to grab, stoke, and pet those big furry balls in their long slack sack, weighing their ponderous size in my shaking popper-crazed hands.

The huge cock began flexing faster, spitting more and more precum into my waiting mouth. Cum blasted into and flooded every corner of my mouth. I felt his legs and body begin to shake as rapid fire ropes of thick hot cum jetted into and filled my mouth faster than I could swallow I gulped and lapped at his huge heavy cock with wild abandon, desperate for every drop that incredible slab of meat and its massive hairy balls would give me. Still, the excess spilled from the corners of my mouth to stream down my chin, jaw, and neck.

I was disappointed when the heavy, salty, sweet eruptions began to lessen and slow. I to savor every bit of the wonderful thick load dumped into my mouth, bathing my own tongue and the big strange cock in the warm salty milkshake spewing up from deep within his balls.

The cock pulled back from my nursing mouth and huge hands pushed me back onto the bad. My legs were lifted from my position on my back. Thick rough fingers plunged into my ass. I flinched and tightened protectively against the wide prodding fingers. They left and I felt his thick calloused digits return to my hole with cool wet lubrication.

The stranger moved up against me, my legs slid across his muscular hairy stomach and chest until they eased to the side and down into the crook of his elbows on either side of his strong broad torso. The thick blunt cock-head nudged into the small opening of my body. I inhaled sharply at the contact and anticipation of what was to come next. He let the tension ease from my body and my rapid breathing slow before that broad cock-head was back and stuffing its broad bulk inside. The massive head was now inside me and my tight hole clamped down in a steel grip on the huge meaty shaft behind it.

I attempted to look out from my immersion tank. I could not tell if this stranger was real or part of my popper haze. I wondered if I had left my basement door open and someone had wondered in. I didn't care. All I cared about was his cock in my ass. A picture formed inside my head of what that mammoth cock must look like forcing its way into my body...my tiny asshole stretched impossibly wide and tight around the almost beer-can thickness of the man's humongous bull meat...the even broader cumbersome head shoving my insides open for the heavy vein-rippled shaft behind...its slow prolonged progression up into me as it shoved past my hips, waist, bellybutton, and then deep into my stomach. I felt like a small vulnerable animal thrust on a huge spit of hard male flesh and roasting in a fire that came from inside rather than outside of my sexually intoxicated body.

My groans, cries, and gasps strained into one long combined wailing sob of piercing pleasure instantly as my body reacted by jerking, twisting, and heaving on the huge behemoth cock forcing its possessive way back up into me. Fire flamed at my tight hole stretched thin around the raging and plunging massive length and girth of the strange cock. Electricity shot up from my balls through my spine and down the backs of my outstretched legs. My whole body began to shake in the hard immovable embrace of the big powerfully muscled man. My hole-itself seized up in a desperate iron grip around his increasingly ferocious thrusts almost as if to halt his punishing assault of my ragged writhing body.

It was like having a speeding locomotive powering in and out my vulnerably splayed hole while the prickling of a million hot needles spread outward from my once tiny and now stretched thin and wide ass-ring out to the top of my head and the tips of my toes. I could hear the rhythmic smacking of my prick as if it were flopping into a wet puddle. I could hear the liquid sloshing sound from my ass and feel a thick steady stream of precum now leaking profusely as the huge uncut cock pummeled my sloppy hole. Every brutal thrust seemed to dislocate everything inside my body and my mind spiraled into a swirl of bright lights as something thick and wet splattered across my face.

Cum shot up from my prick and splashed across my face again...to the side of one eye, down along my nose, into my mouth, and then down my chin. The stranger ground that massive monster cock to the hilt while my back jerked into an arch and my head snapped back with another jet of cum splattering up across my chin and neck.

I watched as the stranger leaned down towards me. His face obscured from the popper fog in the immersion tank. He forced my lips apart and thrust a long wide tongue inside.

"Mmmmmm mmmmmmmm MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!

He rumbled into my open receiving mouth...his tongue dueling, rampaging, and dominating my own. I felt his thick hard cock expand further inside me, and then white liquid heat blasted against the walls of my body hugging his vulgarly throbbing girth. Thick hot cum flooded up into my belly while the huge cock flexed and swelled, widening my accepting tight hole with every throbbing pulse and belching spew of heavy male seed.

Rope after rope of cum jetted up from my own prick as if the hot flood of cum was more than my body could handle and my load continuing to spew outward across my body was now the overload of the big man's cum gushing from my own erupting cock. More thick hot cum poured into my stomach. The heavy fat girth pulsed and throbbed my ravaged hole wide in frantic flexing rhythm. More of my cum spat up from my own contracting flesh.

The tongue in my mouth slowed. The frenzied flexing of the massive cock embedded deep within chest slowed. The cum exploding into my belly and up from my prick slowed. Our breathing slowed. The stranger's lips left mine. He began to ease away from me, raising up and pulling back, that thick boa constrictor of a cock began snaking out from its snug home deep inside my ass.

I turned my body around to see another man's cock dripping of precum right by my mouth. I quickly engulfed its head and slowly pushed my face over its shaft until my nose was buried in his pubes. He instinctively started to deepthroat me until he unloaded a huge load into my hungry mouth. One by one, more cocks came forward out of the popper fog. I sucked off ten more throbbing, pulsating cocks. I felt the blasts from all those cocks spew their man juice into my mouth. I delighted in swallowing every drop I could. Two men pulled out of my mouth at the last moment and sprayed their treasure all over my face. As I knelt in front of all these naked men I realized that I had found that world I had dreamt of. I had sucked off ninety-seven cocks. So many men. So much semen. I felt completely fulfilled. My being was floating in a sea of cum with popper fumes for air. When I climbed out of my tank, it was like being in a time capsule. It was late afternoon of the next day!