 I was watching TV and having a beer, when someone knocked on the door, I quickly put something on, you see usual when I'm alone in my house I don't wear anything. After putting some athletic shorts on I opened my door, it was Will my best friend. He look like he had been crying, I invited him in. 

"You ok bro?" I asked

"No dude, I'm really messed up, I don't know what to think."

He was really upset about something, and being upset for him was something that did not happen.

"Calm down, Sit down, relax." I guided him to the couch, he was tense and scared.

"You want a a beer?" 

"Yeah bro, I need a lot of beer."

I sighed knowing it was going to be along night, I brought the whole case out to the living room. I handed him one.

"Thanks bro." He gulped up the entire can.

"So what sup?"

He looked at me with his sad boyish face. He was still handsome.

"Well promise me something ok?" he said

"Promise me that you will never tell what I am going to tell you."

"Ok?" he said

"Ok I promise Will," I said

"Well I was at this party enjoying myself, had a few beers feeling a little lose, I was flirting with one of the girls, I was getting some where too, she is hot too, anyway I had to take a pee, since the bathroom had a long line, I decided to go outside."



Well I walked a while till no one was around. Then I was doing my business, when something from behind hit me in the head hard. I don't remember what happened after that, I remember waking up on the ground, and that I was tied up, and I was naked. It was cold, but the cold didn't bother me, it was the fact that I was scared and vulnerable. Anyway I looked around wild-eyed and I couldn't find anyone. I was getting ready to call for help when someone spoke.

"I wouldn't if I were you." An unfamiliar voice said

"It will be very embarrassing if the whole party came out here and found you naked and bound, wouldn't?"

He came out of the shadows, I didn't really recognize him, he was familiar, but there were a lot of people at the party.

He was about my height 5' 11", nice athletic build like my self. He had blonde hair that was cut short.

As he approached me he was undressing. First his shirt revealing a nice built chest, with no body hair. Second he pulled of his pants, he wasn't wearing any underwear. His manhood swung between his legs. His balls were big and hairless. He looked at me then. He smiled.

"Do you know whom that girl is that you were talking to at the party?" he asked

"No I don't know, please let me go," I begged

He only smiled

"She is hot isn't she?" he said

"Please let me go." I replied

"Did you think that she was hot?" he asked

"What?" I asked

What does that have to do with anything?" I asked

He took a step forward. He placed his foot on my nuts and start to apply pressure.

It hurt. I looked him the in the eye. He asked again, this time louder and with anger.

"DID YOU THINK SHE WAS HOT?"

He pushed harder on my nuts. I grunted in pain. 

"Yes." I answered

He applied more pressure. I screamed in pain.

"Would you fuck her?" he asked

"Wh… What?" I stammered as the pain shot through my body.

"WOULD YOU FUCK HER!!" he yelled

"YES!" I screamed in pain

He took his foot off my nuts. I looked up at him. He was stroking it. He smiled at me.

I knew what he wanted. I tried to fight the ropes off. He laughed at me. He came over and kicked me in the stomach. The air was knocked out of me. I felt his hand on my body. He knelt over me. He grasped my cock. He started stroking me. I tried to fight it. I gritted my teeth. I grunted. I screamed. He gave me a look and then took his underwear and stuffed them in my mouth. The smell was gross. Like the gym shower room, I gagged. He laughed at me. He stroked me again. I fought it, but I grew hard. It started to feel good.

He stroked me hard. I grimaced from the humiliation and pleasure I was getting. I was almost there. He stopped just when I was almost there. I groaned. He flipped me on my belly. I panicked. I fought against my restraints. He slapped my ass hard. I felt something cold on my hole. He was spitting on his finger then rubbing on my hole. It felt slimy and yet it felt good. He pushed on my rosebud. I felt one of his finger enter me. His finger was painful. He fingered me hard. I squirmed. He slapped me on my ass. He then pushed another finger into me. I tried to scream from the pain but his sweaty underwear gagged me again. He laughed again. He fingered me with two fingers hard. The pain died away. Pleasure took the place of pain. I moaned. He then took his fingers out of me. He then positioned him self behind me. I felt his cock at my whole. He pushed. I closed my hole, trying to fight the inevitable. He entered me hard. He pushed all the way into me. I moaned. He began to hump me hard. I groaned. I begged him to give me a hand job while he took advantage of me. He laughed. He then slapped me hard on the ass. He took his right hand off my hip and then placed it around my hard and waiting cock. He pumped my cock hard. Pleasure coursed through me. I cam the hardest I have ever cam. He humped me hard. He tensed up and pumped me hard. He groaned and dumped his load in my ass. He pulled out of me and slapped me hard on the ass.

"That's what you wanted to do to my ex girlfriend." He spoke he was out of breathe.

I groaned. I felt humiliated and used. He looked at me and laughed again. He took out a knife and cut my bonds. He then through my clothes at me, and then left. I got dressed and left. I came directly here.

"I don't know what to think, I got raped." Will said

"Hey Will its ok." I said

I hugged him. Will cried hard. He hugged me back. I felt horrible for him. He cried harder than I have ever seen anyone cry.

" And the worse thing that it felt good." Will said

Will hugged me harder. I was taken back. I mean I've thought about being with guys, but I've never really acted on it. I was always intrigued with what it would be like to be with guys. I've chatted with guys online, I've looked at porn. You know the works. Will was still hugging me. I moved to get him another beer, but he wouldn't let got of me.

"Don't go, stay here with me." He said

I hugged him longer and harder I've hugged a guy before. I ran my hand through his hair. I always thought his hair good looking. He pulled away from me slightly.

"You don't think less of me, do you?' Will asked

"No way bro. "I replied

He looked into my eyes, he laughed a little. 

"Well I guess next time I'll be a little more careful what girls I hit on. "Will laughed a little. I laughed as well. 

He looked me in the eyes. He moved closer to me, like he was going to hug me, but moved and then he kissed me. Our lips meet. He moved his hands to my head, holding me as we kissed. He opened his mouth, my tongue found its way into his mouth. Our French kissed. We held each other as we made out. We must have made out for an hour or so. He stopped kissing me. He looked me deep in the eyes. 

"You know I've wanted to be with a guy, but not like what happened." Will said

"I've always wanted to be with you. "He looked down as if ashamed. 

"Will don't be ashamed, I've always thought you were hot and I wanted for so long to be with you, but I was afraid of how you would react." I said.

He looked at me Then he kissed me. He stood up and took my hand and led me to my bedroom.

TO BE CONTINUED