 "Bruce said you guys had a good time at the game yesterday," said Lori.

"Yeah, uh, it was fun...you know those guys, they're always making jokes..." I replied.

My girlfriend then giggled and said, "You know, Johnny, I think my brother has a crush on you!"

I was glad we were talking on the phone so she couldn't see me turn three shades of red.

"No-no, we just get along well, that's all..." I said defensively.

"I have some advice for you, sweetie," she said, her voice suddenly serious, "don't ever bend over to pick something up when he's standing behind you, okay?"

Her laughter was so loud I had to pull the phone away from my ear.

Before I could say anything she added, "Are we still on for dinner tonight?"

"Absolutely," I said. "I just put the roast in the crock pot."

"Can Bruce come too? It's so awkward around here...the tension between him and my dad is terrible," she said. "My goodness, it's the 21st century and my dad still cannot accept the fact that his son is gay. Can you imagine that?"

"Well, uh, some people aren't as open-minded as most of us," I said.

"Your dad is nice, I'm sure if you told him you're gay he'd still love you," she said.

Huh? What does she mean by that? Relax, John, she doesn't mean anything by that!

"Uh, yeah, he probably would," I answered.

"Okay, sweetie, we'll see you what time? Around five?" she asked.

"Yeah, five will be good," I said.

We said our "Good byes" and I went to the kitchen for one more cup of coffee then sat at my computer and read the latest news.

I heard Mike's bedroom door open and turned and saw his girlfriend, Cheryl, emerge.

"Hi Johnny," she said with a big smile on her pretty face. "Did you sleep well last night?"

"Yes," I said. "I slept all the way thru without waking up once."

She giggled and said, "Isn't that nice -- me too," then disappeared into the bathroom.

When she finished, she went directly from the bathroom back into Mike's bedroom. Soon, Mike came out of the room and walked up to me.

"What the hell, man! Close your door when you go to bed, alright?" he said with a frown on his face.

"What are you talking about?" I asked him.

"Jesus Christ, did you know when the hallway light is on we can clearly see you in bed?" he said.

"Oh, yeah, I forgot to close the door," I said.

"Yes you did! And you know what?" he asked.

"What?" I responded.

"We both saw you with your underwear down to your knees, and Jesus Christ, you still had your dick in your hand!" he said. "At least have the decency to shut your door when you beat off, okay?"

My face turned red and I stammered, "Oh, uh, sorry about that!"

His face softened then he chuckled.

"What's so funny?" I asked him.

"Cheryl said your dick reminded her of the neighbor boy she babysits!" he said laughing again before he went back into his bedroom leaving me with my mouth open and face beet red.

Oh my goodness, life has been awfully embarrassing lately!

Okay, so they saw my dick, so what? Five-inches is right around average, isn't it? At least they'll never know what fantasies I think of when I'm stroking it.

I suddenly thought of Lori's words, "I think my brother has a crush on you!" and I blushed again even though no one else was in the room.

Bruce wouldn't tell her what we did last night, would he? I would rather die than have Lori know I had masturbated her older brother...that I actually had had a man's hard penis in my hand.

Worse yet, when I went to bed I had jerked-off remembering the feel of his hard cock; the heat; every little bump and pulsating vein; most of all, the rush of adrenaline I experienced when my hand caused Bruce to spurt four-five-six thick ropes of jizz.

What the hell is wrong with me? My fantasies have gotten progressively more and more gay.

Why do I get so excited when I go online and look at handsome men and their hard dicks? Am I queer, or something?

Settle down, John. You're perfectly normal. I mean, you look at porn where girls are sucking off guys, right?

Well, uh, yes...but I usually end up fantasizing that I'm the girl who's doing the sucking!

Oh my goodness, this is all so confusing!

Give yourself a break, John. You've had plenty of sex with Lori, right?

Well, yes, but she only let me fuck her that one time. After that, she taught me how to masturbate her with my hand, and well, quite frankly, the few times I went down on her turned into disasters...it's not your fault you have a strong gag reflex, John.

Our love is more spiritual than it is physical. Sure I wish I had a bigger dick to please her, but we love each other for what we have inside us...our inner beauty.

I really wish life was less confusing with more clear-cut questions and answers.

**

My days off are about the only times I see my roommate.

I work days -- he works nights. We have different days off, and he spends a lot of time at Cheryl's apartment.

In other words, the perfect roommate!

"We're going out to lunch then over to Cheryl's place," announced Mike when they finally came out from his bedroom.

He was carrying his overnight bag which meant peace and quiet for me the rest of the day.

Once they left, I went about cleaning the apartment...even scrubbed the kitchen and bathroom floors.

I wanted to stay busy. No, I NEEDED to stay busy. My mind was working in overdrive, and every time I completed one project, I had to start another so I wouldn't think about what Bruce and I had done the night before.

I had an hour to kill before they'd be here. I saved my shower for last.

I undressed in my bedroom, and just before I went to the bathroom, I stopped, blurted out "What the hell" and laid on my back on the bed.

My hands caressed my belly and inner thighs as I pictured Lori naked. My dick was being stubborn and wouldn't rise.

I sighed then closed my eyes and allowed myself to remember the feel of Bruce's hard cock in one hand, and the heaviness of his balls in the other. My prick instantly came to life.

I fantasized we were kissing and fondling each other. My hand moved faster on my erection. I could feel his hot breath in my ear.

I gazed into his beautiful blue eyes and heard him say "I love you, John."

"I love you, too" I said and to show him how much I cared for him, I lowered my head and kissed the purple head of his magnificent cock. I licked at the pre-cum leaking from his slit.

When I wet my lips and slid them over his glans my balls exploded and my body shook and flopped about the bed.

"YES-YES-YES-YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS...."

Oh my, that was a good one...but, seriously, what the hell is wrong with me?

**

While I showered, my emotions and intellect played tug-of-war over my sexuality.

Just because you shoot your load dreaming of taking a hard cock in your mouth doesn't mean you are gay, John, I heard my intellect say.

Bullshit, John, replied my emotions. Who are you trying to fool?

It's a harmless fantasy - that's all it is!

What a crock, John! You're as queer as a three-dollar bill!

No...the mind is the most powerful erogenous zone a person has. You can fantasize about anything. That doesn't mean you would commit that act in real life. That's why it's called a "Fantasy."

Admit it, John, you'd love it if he said to you "Suck my cock!" You'd go down on him in a New York second!

No, it's only a fantasy - pure and simple!

**

I greeted them at the door. Bruce was carrying two bottles of wine. I looked at the bottles quizzically and he read my mind, "Fake id...I've had it a couple years now."

"Oh, can you get me one, too?" I innocently asked.

They both laughed and Lori said, "Nobody would believe it, sweetie!"

I took the bottles from Bruce and placed them on the kitchen counter. One was 'Pinot Noir' and the other 'Cabernet Sauvignon'. I wasn't well-versed in wines. I rarely drank anything stronger than lemonade.

"I wasn't sure if you had a corkscrew or not," said Bruce as he pulled one from his pocket.

"No we don't," I replied. "We DO have wine glasses though -- the people who lived here before us left them behind."

"Let's start with the Pinot, okay?" he asked.

"Fine with me," I said, not knowing the difference anyway.

"I'll wait and have a Cabernet with dinner," said Lori.

I checked the crock pot while Bruce worked on the bottle of wine. The roast, potatoes and veggies were done so I set the heat to low.

Suddenly loud music filled the air. Lori had changed the ring-tone on her phone. I recognized the old Eagles song:

"You can't hide your lyin' eyes / And your smile is a thin disguise / I thought by now you'd realize / There ain't no way to hide your lyin eyes..."

She went into the living room to answer the call. Bruce handed me a full glass of wine. I sniffed at it causing my nose to wrinkle. Bruce raised his glass for a toast.

"To good friends," he said staring at me.

I clinked his glass then had to look away. The intensity of his gaze was unsettling.

"FUCK-SHIT-PISS!!" Lori shouted.

Yes, my girlfriend can curse like a drunken frat boy.

"I should have checked the caller id before I answered!" she said.

"Who was it?" I asked her.

"Mrs. Hanson at work...both Mary and Dianne called off -- she's there by herself and wants me to come in!" she said with obvious frustration.

"That's not fair," said Bruce. "Those two always screw-up and you have to cover for them!"

"I know...well, I can't let her down and leave her there alone...I'm going to have to go in!" she said.

She came to me and kissed my cheek and said, "Sorry, sweetie," then quickly added: "Will you give Bruce a ride home after dinner? No sense letting your food go to waste!"

"Oh, sure, uh, of course," I stammered.

Before I knew it, she was out the door leaving Bruce and I standing awkwardly in the kitchen.

After a brief silence, I said, "Well, uh, everything is done, we can eat at any time."

"Why don't we go sit in the living room and enjoy the wine first?" he said.

"Oh, okay," I agreed and nervously followed him to the sofa.

I made sure there was plenty of room between us when we sat down.

We drank in silence. I was getting used to the bitter taste of the wine. It began to go down much easier.

"Johnny, I don't want you to be uncomfortable with what we did last night," he said.

I cringed. I was hoping he wouldn't mention it.

"Uh, well, I uh...." I mumbled.

"I have to be totally honest with you, John, I loved every minute of it!" he said. "I loved sitting next to you at the game; I loved having you on my lap in the car; and I really loved it when we made each other feel good last night...to me, it was a perfect day!"

I averted my eyes from his. My hand trembled when I brought the wine glass to my lips.

He added in a strange, far-off voice, "Johnny, I really need you to be my friend."

There was a catch in his throat. I quickly glanced at him to see if he was crying. He wasn't, but it sure sounded that way.

"I don't know what I'd do if you weren't in my life...." he said, almost as an afterthought.

"Bruce, what about school? You're a great guy, I bet you made a lot of friends at school!" I said.

"It was the worst year of my life!" he said choking up.

He suddenly stood and asked, "More wine?"

Without waiting for my answer he went to the kitchen and brought back the bottle and re-filled our glasses.

"What happened up there? I mean, you won the championship, you had to have impressed all the guys on the team!" I said.

"Johnny, think about it: a queer boy going to a strict Lutheran school? I was so afraid the guys would find out about me I stayed away from everyone...I never made a single friend there...."

"I'm sorry," I softly said.

"I did such a good job of keeping my distance from everyone -- it made them suspicious! In the last month the rumors about me began: 'He hasn't been with a girl all year!' - 'What is he hiding?' - 'Maybe Brucey is a little light in the loafers' - "Don't drop the soap in the shower when Brucey is around!'"

I could hear the anguish in his voice and my heart went out to him. I couldn't imagine the hell he had gone through.

"That part of the state is sooo different from here...just about everyone here knows I am gay and it doesn't matter to most of them...up there, they act like it's the worst crime a human being can commit!" he said.

"Bruce, I'm sorry, I can't imagine what you went through," I said.

"You know the worst part though?" he asked.

"What's that?" I said.

"The loneliness...not having a single person I could talk with..."

Oh my goodness, now I thought I would cry.

"You can always talk with me, I hope you know that," I said to him.

"Johnny, this is why I really need you to be my friend..." he said then poured the remainder of the wine into our glasses. "I feel so close to you, sometimes I forget you're not gay...if you ever feel uncomfortable with me, or you think I'm making improper advances, please let me know, okay? I'll understand!"

"Oh, uh, sure, Bruce," I answered.

**

During dinner we talked and talked and talked...we solved all the world's problems in forty-minutes.

It was a good thing we ate food because we were both light-headed and giddy from the wine.

I was rinsing the dishes and placing them in the dishwasher when Bruce came up behind me and put his arms around me. His hands stroked my belly and chest.

He kissed the back of my neck and said, "I feel so close to you, Johnny."

I replied, "I know, I can feel your hard-on against my butt!"

We laughed and laughed.

When the kitchen was clean, he poured the last of the Cabernet into our glasses and we went back to the sofa. I lost my balance but he caught me before I fell. We plopped down next to each other.

"I better take you home when we finish the wine," I said.

"I don't think so, cutie, you're in no shape to drive...I'll take an Uber," he said.

"Uber? Really?" I asked in surprise.

"Oh, yes, it's great! You know, dad bought the car for both of us, but my sister is always using it so I signed up for Uber last week," he explained.

I don't know why, but I snuck a quick peek at the crotch of his shorts and was strangely disappointed when I noticed his erection had subsided.

I turned sideways facing him and placed a hand just above his knee, and suddenly blurted out a question that had been on my mind for some time.

"Remember last summer when you and Andy were together most nights swimming in your pool -- was Andy your, uh, 'boyfriend'?"

I studied Bruce's face for his reaction. I thought he would laugh and brush off my question. Instead, he paused, made a thoughtful expression, then slumped back against the sofa.

"He and I were very close...we had made plans to go to the same college in California," he said softly.

"Yes, I remember that," I said.

"My dad caught us together once and everything changed...Andy wasn't allowed at the house anymore...I was forbidden to see him at all...dad arranged with an old friend of his for me to go to the Lutheran school up north...."

"Have you stayed in contact with Andy?" I asked.

"No...my dad contacted his parents and told them what had been going on between Andy and me...his dad is a bigger homophobe than mine...he sent Andy to some kind of religious retreat in Tennessee that 'cures' homosexuals...I haven't spoken with him since last year."

How sad, I thought.

"Yes, I guess you can say he was my first boyfriend...at least my first male sexual partner..." he said wistfully.

"I don't want to get too personal, but how did it start -- how did you guys know you were into each other?" I asked.

"Andy didn't hide his interest in me very well...in school, I always caught him staring at me...then he began to make sure after swim practice, that he showered when I did..."

"Did that bother you?"

"Well, you know...no it didn't...in fact I liked the attention -- it was flattering...one day when he and I were the only ones left in the shower room I somehow knew he was looking at me, and it kind of, well, aroused me."

"Oh my, what did you do?"

"Ha-ha, I wasn't very subtle...I closed my eyes and turned around and faced him and began washing my hair...I snuck a peek at him and saw his eyes glued to my hard-on...his dick was hard, too."

"After the shower I invited him to go swimming at the house...that was the first time I had sex with another guy...in the pool his hands were all over me...afterwards, he wanted to dry me off so I led him to the gazebo where he pushed down my trunks and gave me a wonderful handjob...from that moment on he would do whatever I told him to do."

"So he was the, uh, 'bottom' huh?"

Bruce's eyes opened wide with surprise. "So how do you know about 'bottoms'?"

I couldn't bring myself to admit to him the fantasies I have when I masturbate so I simply said, "I do have the internet, you know!"

He laughed and after a few seconds I was laughing, too.

Our eyes suddenly locked together and for some unknown reason I began to slowly run my hand further up his thigh then back again. I massaged his thigh and gazed into his beautiful blue eyes.

He reached over for my leg but I pushed his hand away. He had a curious expression on his face that I read to mean "What are you doing, John?"

My hand soon coaxed an erection from him that strained against the fabric of his shorts.

I took a deep gulp of air to give me courage then boldly grasped the bulge in his shorts and squeezed.

"Johnny, I think you're really buzzed from the wine - you don't have to do this for me," he sighed.

Who knows, maybe it was the wine, but he didn't understand that, yes, I do have to do this for him. I could feel the heartbreaking loneliness he'd suffered the past year and wanted desperately to help alleviate his pain.

I took another deep breath and began working on his belt. I was mildly surprised when I'd opened his shorts so easily. I lowered the zipper, hooked my fingers in the waistband and tugged downward.

He lifted his hips and I pushed his shorts and boxers to his knees.

My breath caught in my throat when his long and slender hard penis came into my view.

I had never seen it in the light. Oh my goodness, it's beautiful! My own prick instantly stiffened.

It was a perfect fit for my smallish hand. I moved my hand slowly up and down. I decided to wait for his body to react before I jacked him off in earnest.

I remembered the night before when he'd had me hold his balls for him. When I moved my other hand between his closed thighs he understood my intent and opened his legs wider to allow me access to his heavy scrotum.

The incredible heat I felt in both hands caused pre-cum to leak from my slit. My breathing became as labored as his as I moved my hand faster up and down his rigid pole of flesh.

My gaze shifted from his beautiful, manly cock to see the expression on his face. I figured his eyes would be closed, but no, he was staring directly at me with a slight grin playing across his parted lips.

I blushed a deep red and my eyes darted back to his fully engorged penis.

His lower body began moving in rhythm with my hand. I became fascinated with the clear fluids oozing from his slit. Strangely, I began wondering what his semen tasted like.

He rested his head on the back of the sofa and when I looked again his eyes were shut, and I heard soft murmurs of pleasure escaping his open mouth.

I worked my hand up and down his cock as fast as possible. His groans grew louder.

He suddenly began to moan my name: "Oh Johnny -- oh Johnny -- oh Johnny...."

His body momentarily stiffened; his balls swelled in my hand; then his cries of pleasure reverberated off the walls of the apartment.

"OH-JOHNNY-YES-YES-OH-GOD-YES-YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS...."

I couldn't take my eyes off his slit as four-five spurts of sperm and semen shot in the air and splashed on the back of my wildly stroking hand, and his thighs and belly.
