 I became lost in the sucking. Every time I went faster, he would slow down the pace. I gently stroked his shaft and caressed his balls. 

My own balls were so painful I knew I wouldn't last much longer. This time when I furiously bobbed my head faster-and-faster he didn't slow me down. 

I was so consumed with the rigid pole of flesh inside my mouth I thought I was dreaming when I heard the voice of my roommate shouting. 

"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING?" 

I tried to pull my head from Bruce's erection but he held me in place and rammed his cock deeper in my mouth. 

I heard Cheryl break-out in a loud fit of laughter. Then she too shouted: 

"SEE MIKE - I TOLD YOU SO!! HAHAHAHA - LOOK - THE LITTLE BITCH IS EVEN WEARING PINK PANTIES!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA..." 

Amazingly, Bruce not only remained hard during this catastrophic interruption, but his balls erupted spewing thick spurts of sperm and semen inside my mouth. 

I was not only shocked and humiliated at being caught sucking his cock, but his climax took me by total surprise so instead of swallowing his spunk, the first two salvos of cum began leaking from the corners of my mouth onto my cheeks and chin. 

I was horrified Bruce continued to hold my head to his cock. I was forced to make a snap decision thinking it better to swallow the rest of his load instead of the grotesque spectacle of it smeared all over my face. 

Mike and Cheryl suddenly became so calm and nonchalant I couldn't believe my ears. 

He said to his girlfriend, "At least he TRIES to swallow!" 

To which Cheryl replied, "I told you before, if you eat my pussy, I'll swallow your load!" 

Bruce pulled his flaccid penis from my mouth and said to them, "I'm sorry guys, we didn't mean for you to see this!" 

To which Mike replied, "Hey, no problem Bruce...we know that you're gay...and to be honest about it, no one in our class would be surprised if they saw John doing what he was doing!" 

HUH? WHAT DOES HE MEAN BY THAT? 

Cheryl spoke up: "Yeah, everyone in our class has always figured it wasn't a matter of 'if he is' but 'when he'd come out'...you know, all the girls have always thought Johnny is way too pretty to be straight!" 

I wanted to shout to all of them 'I'M RIGHT HERE IN FRONT OF YOU - STOP SAYING THESE THINGS ABOUT ME!' 

Bruce said, "Excuse me" and suddenly disappeared into the bathroom and shut the door. 

I was left there on my knees; face covered with jizz; my boner still tenting out the panties; and my head hung in shame and abject humiliation. 

I covered my crotch with my hands but otherwise remained still...and silent. As I stared at the floor I wondered if I'd ever be able to look my best friend in the eyes again. 

Mike finally broke the unbearable silence by saying: "John, we came here because Cheryl and I decided tonight that I would move in with her...we wanted to give you a heads-up, you know, so you could start looking for another roommate." 

When I didn't respond, he added: "I'll be moving my stuff tomorrow..." 

I remained as quiet and unmoving as a statue. 

Mike said, "I guess we'll be leaving now..." 

I heard the door open then Mike stopped and said one final thing to me. 

"John, I know you're embarrassed, but try and get over it...this isn't the end of the world - maybe you can even look at this moment as a 'new beginning'!" 

Cheryl added: "Johnny, you have more friends than you'll ever know and we're all pulling for you...the only thing everyone wants is for you to finally be happy!" 

WHAT THE HELL DID THEY MEAN BY THAT? 

** 

Bruce emerged from the bathroom, found his boxers and slipped into them. I pulled the gym shorts up to cover the panties. 

My brain suddenly screamed: MY BEST FRIEND SAW ME WEARING WOMEN'S PANTIES!! 

Bruce sat on the sofa, patted the seat next to him, and said,"Sit next to me, sweetie - let's talk." 

The moment I sat next to him I couldn't help myself and blurted out, "You and Lori planned all this, didn't you?" 

"Sweetie..." he said. 

Before he could continue I glared at him and angrily said, "Don't call me that anymore - I'm not your 'sweetie'!" 

My curtness surprised him. His body flinched; his voice began wavering. 

"Johnny, no, uh, let me explain...it's not what you think-" 

"Oh really?" I interrupted him. "Go ahead, Bruce, tell me this hasn't been some elaborate scheme to turn me queer! You've known how much I've admired and respected you over the years - and yes, I have always 'liked' you as a friend, but that wasn't enough for you, was it? No, you took advantage of our friendship to make me a submissive faggot!" 

He cringed at my words then stared at me thru narrowed eyes while he slowly shook his head. 

"You have it all wrong..." he softly said. 

"OH REALLY?" I almost shouted. My blood began to boil. An anger totally foreign to me seized control of my brain. "You and Lori did everything you could to try and convince me I don't like girls - that I am not a man...when all the time what you were really trying to do was turn me into some submissive faggot who would do whatever perverted thing you wanted me to do!" 

"John, I never forced you into anything, and c'mon, at least be honest with yourself for once in your lifetime - you LOVED everything we did together...you're right though, there was a plan...you have been so miserable for such a long time it broke our hearts...Lori and I knew why - hell, didn't you listen to what your best friend Mike just said to you? EVERYONE knows why you have been so unhappy!" 

"GET OUT OF HERE!!" 

He tried to put his arm around me but I pushed it away and moved further away from him. 

"Johnny, listen to me - you've come a long way - you finally found some happiness-" 

"Please, Bruce...PLEASE...just leave me alone, will you?" 

He sighed then stood and slowly walked to the door. 

"Johnny," he said, "I am very, very sorry for deceiving you..." 

I stared straight ahead into a vast nothingness. 

"But my feelings for you are real and I know your feelings for me are real, too..." 

I told myself, 'He's lying - to him you're nothing more than a piece of ass'! 

"Johnny, please don't shut me out of your life..." he said then was out the door. 

The tone of his voice was desperate with a palpable sense of longing and pain. 

I leaned forward, elbows on knees then buried my face in my hands and choked back an anguished sob. 

** 

The next two days I received a half-dozen texts and voicemails each from Lori and Bruce; and a couple from Mike. I made the mistake of reading and listening to their excuse-filled pleas and promises. 

At one point my heart ached so much I was about to break down and call Bruce when the little voice in my head told me to stand my ground; that they had betrayed and humiliated me; their so-called friendship had been a ruse to seduce me into Bruce's gay lifestyle. 

I decided to block their numbers on my phone. 

The next day I was home when Lori pounded on my door. 

"Johnny, open the door...there has been a huge misunderstanding...let me in - we need to talk...please open the door!" 

I remained as quiet as a church mouse. Tears in my eyes as I listened to her pleas for mercy. I remained true to myself though and never left the sofa until I knew she was gone. 

The day after, Bruce knocked on the door. 

"John, I am so sorry if I hurt you...my only intention was to help...please open the door...let me explain...please..." 

I heard a catch in his voice that caused my misty eyes to spill over. It took every ounce of willpower I could summon to not answer the door as the tear drops rolled down my cheeks. 

He stood outside the door a good ten-minutes, pleading with me to talk with him. 

He finally said, "I am going to leave now, Johnny...I want you to know one thing before I go - my love for you is real - just as I know your love for me is real, too...I am sorry we tricked you but it was the only way we could think of to help you understand who you really are..." 

I had to strain my ears to hear his departing words: "I already miss not talking with you...I miss your embrace and kisses...I am so-so sorry...I hope some day you will be able to forgive me." 

I sat trembling for several minutes after he had left me alone. 

** 

I never had a broken heart before, but I soon figured out that if you let it consume you, it will eat away at your soul until you can't think of anything else. 

I re-directed all my thoughts and energy into giving my best effort at work; making sure the apartment was spotless; and using the internet only for gathering news and information. 

I was bound and determined to stay away from all those porn sites that I had wasted so much time browsing. It was rather easy to do. Seems my shattered heart was more powerful than my sex drive. 

It wasn't until the fourth night when I was in bed that I broke down and masturbated. 

John, I told myself, it's not healthy to store up so much semen. It's perfectly normal for a guy your age to jerk-off - there's nothing wrong with it. In fact, it's kind of abnormal for a guy your age NOT to jerk-off! 

I lowered my briefs and began caressing myself. I automatically pictured naked women I'd seen on the internet. It didn't work - I couldn't get hard. 

Since Lori was the only girl I'd ever been naked with, I tried to remember some of our nights together...the kisses...the feel of her soft and sensuous flesh...her hands working on my prick to give me an erection...DAMMIT - that didn't work either. 

I sighed in frustration, hesitated, then told myself, Okay, go ahead, you can do it this one time. 

I allowed myself to fantasize about the men's cocks I'd seen on peniscocksand pricks.com. 

The different shapes and sizes; long ones - short ones - skinny ones - fat ones...big purple cockheads oozing pre-cum from their slits... 

"Ohhhh," I groaned as my penis began rising. 

I focused on one particular erection. Long and slender; soft to the touch yet so firm and hard. 

I took it in my hand and gently stroked it up and down. I saw it so clearly in my minds-eye that my own prick began throbbing. I stared at the leaking slit and fantasized I smeared the pre-cum on the glans with my thumb. 

Suddenly, I reached beneath my mattress and found the sheer panties then wrapped them around my hard-on. 

"Ohhh, yessssss..." I moaned. 

It had been awhile since I had last climaxed so I knew I wouldn't last very long. 

My fantasy shifted into high gear: I began kissing the beautiful, hard penis. I snaked out my tongue and licked the entire length and girth. I moved the panties faster up and down my throbbing prick. 

I could smell the manly aroma from the gorgeous cock and heavy scrotum. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhh..." I moaned. 

I began licking the pre-cum from the glans. 

"Mmmmmmm..." I could actually taste the delicious juices. 

A voice in my head softly said, "Sweetie, wet your lips and slide them over my cockhead." 

I did as I was told. 

"Ohhhhhhhh-yessssssssss..." I groaned out loud. 

I ran my tongue over the velvety flesh of the cockhead inside my mouth. 

My hand became a blur on my prick. The panties felt soooo wonderful... 

The voice said, "Johnny, suck my cock - make me cum in your mouth!" 

"OH-GOD!!" I cried out and my back arched off the bed quickly followed by a series of powerful explosions. 

"YES-YES-YES-YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS..." I shouted as my body lurched and bucked while my hand vigorously milked my prick hoping to completely empty my aching balls. 

I filled the panties to overflowing with squirt after squirt of my pent-up lust and desire. 

When my body finally came to rest, it was only then I recognized the voice in my fantasy. 

I balled-up the cum-drenched panties and threw them in the darkness at the direction of the open closet doors. 

I flipped over on my belly and clenched my eyes shut trying desperately to rid myself of the haunting image of his handsome face. 

** 

How do you mend a broken heart? I guess like alcoholics, you take it one day at a time. 

First things first. I couldn't afford the apartment on my own and there were only two weeks until rent was due...two weeks to find another roommate. 

There was a bulletin board in the break room at work where employees were allowed to post notices for anything they wanted to sell or buy. I posted a 'Roommate Wanted' notice. 

"What happened to your buddy, Mike?" asked Kevin. 

Kevin and I worked closely together and he and I had become friends. On our breaks we always talked sports and he would entertain me with his adventures with women. 

Each day when we saw each other, he would wink at me and ask, "Did you get any last night?" 

"Oh, Mike moved in with his girlfriend," I answered his question. 

His eyes widened and he said, "OH, that's great for you then, huh? You and Lori can do it all over the apartment without getting caught...heh-heh-heh." 

Yes, he and I had gotten close enough to share details of our private lives. 

"We kinda had a fight...I haven't seen her in awhile," I told him. 

"Too bad," he said, "...she's a beautiful girl...helluva body too!" 

I simply nodded in agreement. 

A week went by and there hadn't been any interest in the apartment and I began to get nervous. 

I went over my finances and sure, I could pay the entire rent myself for a month, but that would pretty much leave me broke. 

Later that day though, some good fortune finally came my way. 

Our boss, Earl, approached me at the end of the shift and asked, "Are you still looking for a roommate?" 

"Oh," I replied, "...yes I am!" 

"My son moved back to town - he's living with me right now, but he's looking for his own place," he said. 

"OH, that would be great!" I answered enthusiastically. 

He lowered his eyes and frowned. 

"Well, there's one thing you should know about him," he said very softly. 

"What's that?" I asked suddenly feeling as though something good was about to take a turn for the worse. 

The longer he hesitated I figured the worse it was going to be. I began to wonder: What? Is his son some sort of killer or something? 

"Well Marty - his name is Marty...well, anyway, my son is gay," he said suddenly staring me straight in the eyes...probably to gauge my reaction. 

I don't know why, but I blushed, and to distract his attention from my red face I blurted out, "I don't care about that - a couple friends of mine are gay, too!" 

His mood lightened considerably. I gave him my address and he asked what a good time would be for his son to look at the apartment. 

"Oh, I'm not going out tonight, anytime after six would be fine," I said. 

"Alright, good," said my boss and walked away. 

Kevin had overheard our conversation and said to me, "Are you nuts, John? You want to live with a queer?" 

"He'll have his own bedroom," I said. Then added: "Who knows? Maybe he's a good cook and likes to clean!" 

Kevin laughed, slapped me on the back and said with a wink, "And if you don't get back together with Lori, you know...any warm mouth is better than none at all!" 

I was glad he turned and left so he wouldn't see my beet-red face. 

** 

At two-minutes after six I heard a light rapping on the door. 

I admit I was nervous. I had only recently begun to accept the fact I had been involved in a homosexual relationship, and now, a gay guy might be moving in with me. 

Would you relax, John. A lot of guys experiment at your age. Okay, you might be bisexual, but that doesn't mean you have to jump into bed with every guy you meet! 

Standing before me was a gorgeous man who was almost thirty. I wondered what he wanted. 

He must have seen the quizzical expression on my face because he quickly said, "HI, I'm Marty - you know, to look at the apartment!!" 

"OH...sorry about that," I said. "C'mon inside." 

Not only did he look nothing like his father, but he was a good ten-years older than me. For some reason, I'd assumed he would be close to my age. 

He gave me an odd look, smiled, then shoved his hand at me and I shook it. 

As he brushed by me I took note he was my height and his hand was as small as mine when I shook it, but the rest of his body was in pretty good shape from what I could tell. 

I pointed to the sofa and said, "Have a seat, Marty - you want a bottle of water or some juice?" 

"No, I'm fine, thanks," he said. 

I brought water with me into the living room and sat in the recliner close to the sofa and stared at him. His father is a big and to be honest, a rather homely man. Marty didn't look anything like him. 

"Is there something wrong?" he asked me. 

I blushed and stammered, "Well, uh, excuse me, I don't mean to be nosy, but, well, you don't look anything like your dad." 

When he opened his mouth and laughed he showed me the most perfect, whitest teeth I'd ever seen. 

"He's my step-father...he married my mother when I was still a baby," he said. "He's been a great father. I love him with all my heart. My mother and I are very lucky he came along when he did!" 

Oh my, I thought, this guy is full of self-confidence. The way he speaks...even how he sits with his back straight, one arm casually resting in his lap, the other draped on the back of the sofa. 

I found myself tongue-tied for some reason. 

After a short silence, he said, "You probably want to know a little about me..." 

I simply nodded and he continued talking. 

"I grew up here and after high school I enlisted in the Marines. I spent four-years in the service...saw a lot of the world - too much of the Middle East..." 

He flashed me that beautiful smile. It was so infectious, I smiled back at him. 

"After the Corps, I settled in San Diego. I'd done my training at Pendleton and fell in love with the area. I went to San Diego State and after graduation, a friend and I moved to San Francisco where I lived and worked until I recently moved back here...did my father mention to you that I am gay?" 

For some reason I still couldn't speak. I acknowledged his question by nodding. 

"How about you?" he suddenly asked me. 

I blushed a furious red and stuttered, "Oh, no-no, uh, I'm not gay!" 

He smiled and flashed his teeth at me again and said, "No, I mean what is your history - what have you been doing with yourself?" 

When I sufficiently recovered from my faux pas, I said, "Oh, uh, I just graduated from high school...found a job with your dad...moved in here with a friend - he moved out a couple weeks ago to live with his girlfriend...there really isn't much to say - I haven't been around like you!" 

"My dad said you have a very pretty girlfriend!" 

"Well, uh, we just broke up..." 

"Oh, sorry to hear that...what do you like to do when you're not working? Do you go out much?" 

"No, not too much...I like staying at home...I like to read and go online." 

"I am a bit of a neat freak," he said. "Looking around here I can tell you are too, right?" 

"Yeah, I guess I am...my mother always said 'A clean home is a happy home'...she also taught me how to cook..." 

"Oh great! I love to cook too - mainly meat and potato dishes...if you want me as a roommate it looks like we won't starve to death!" he said and laughed one more time. 

I laughed along with him. I liked him. 

"I do enjoy an occasional cocktail," he said. "In San Francisco, my boyfriend and I went out quite often. I know there aren't nearly the number of gay bars here as there, but I'll be checking them out. What is your policy about drinking in the apartment?" 

That question caught me by surprise. 

"Well, uh, I don't mind..." I said. Then trying to be funny added: "As long as you don't mind supplying a minor with alcohol!" 

Oh my goodness, there's that wonderful smile again! 
