 The second and last chapter about a coach seducing a student. In a College Shower is the beginning. This should have been one story but to start out I did not intend to include the oral sex! But readers encouraged me...so! 

*

Henry lathered his hair and pits and washed his groin. Moments before he had masturbated Coach Arnie. What had gotten into him? As for Arnie, he knew when to stop talking. Henry was confused, he liked girls. He loved girls! But there was something about stroking another man's cock. It was so wrong. It felt so good! It would be three am before Henry would finally fall asleep.

The next day Henry vacillated between going back to the gym and dropping out of PE altogether. In the end Henry found himself in the locker room at about six thirty; He wanted to feel Arnie's cock again. After all he rationalized "It was just masturbation and Coach Arnie had been so helpful to him, he could help Coach Arnie.

Arnie's office had a view down the entire isle between the lockers and the showers. He smiled when he saw Henry enter the showers. It was Wednesday; Henry didn't have soccer class. That could only mean one thing. Arnie waited. He waited ten minutes. Let him stew; think about yesterday. He'll be ready; I can wait.

Truth be told Arnie was as anxious as Henry. His girl, Kelly, really was in Chicago. His balls really did miss her and he enjoyed seducing young men. Giving a guy like Henry his first taste of cock was something Arnie really enjoyed; especially when they did it in the showers! Fucking a guy's face in the showers was a real turn-on for Arnie. The thrill of having a young man wrap his lips around his cock in a place where at any moment someone, anyone could discover them made Arnie's heart race. Even more than the physical pleasure of having warm, attentive lips caressing his cock the prospect of being discovered displaying his dominance over another man was exhilarating.

"Hey, Henry my man, rough day?" Arnie greeted Henry as he entered the student shower room. "Here, let me get your back for you." Arnie lathered and scrubbed Henry's back. His hands kneeded Henry's flesh and roamed a crossed Henry's back and under his arms. He scrubbed Henry's lower back and crazed the top of Henry's buttocks. Henry's cock was at "half staff" giving Arnie permission to proceed. "About last night..."

"What, Coach?" Henry answered meekly.

"It was great, Henry! I slept like a baby. Really, you have no idea how much I appreciated your help." Arnie dropped the wash cloth, turned and started shampooing his hair. As Henry stooped to pick up the wash cloth his face was just inches away from Arnies cock. It wasn't erect yet but it was full and Arnies balls hung loosely between his legs. Henry stood up quickly, embarrassed that he was so interested in Arnie's manhood.

Henry scrubbed Arnie's back as the coach continued, "I wish I had never promised Kelly I wouldn't jack-off. Every time she goes away my balls ache so much I can hardly stand it!"

"S.should I..I h.help y.y.you again, C.couch?" Henry could not believe his ears; he had just asked permission to give another man a hand-job!

"Would you, Henry?" Arnie tried to act surprised that Henry would volunteer.

Arnie made a quarter turn. "Scrub my chest too."

Henry followed Arnie's directions. He really wanted to stroke Arnie's cock again but he was afraid the coach would think he was too eager. How wrong he was!

Arnie was delighted at how quickly Henry was progressing. "Henry, my balls really ache. Would you rub them for a little bit before you jack me off?"

"What's wrong with me?" Henry thought as he caressed Arnie's balls. "Yesterday was an accident but this is so wrong. I want to be here! I want more. I want to kiss this cock1 What's wrong with me? How can I feel like this? 

Arnie saw the confused look on Henry's face. "What are you thinking, Henry? Is something bothering you?"

N.n.no.coach, it's nothing." Henry's hand wrapped around Arnie's cock and pulled gently. The soapy cock slipped easily back and forth.

"Henry, don't clam up like that. I can tell something is bothering you. Talk to me!" Arnie wanted Henry to confess his desires on his own but he would drag them out in the open if he had to.

"You can tell me anything, Henry. We're pretty close friends don't you think? I mean...you're giving me a hand job for Pete's sake! How much closer can we get?"

Henry closed his eyes; his tongue involuntarily licked his lips. "I don't know, Coach.

Arnie was afraid it was too soon but Henry showed all the signs of being ready; he decided to plunge ahead. "I think I know what's bothering you, Henry. You're afraid you're queer, right? Don't be. You're a normal, healthy, virile young man. You've got a long life ahead of you, take advantage of your opportunities. Enjoy the moment!"

"I suppose so, Coach."

"Henry? Can I ask you a question, man to man?

"Sure, Coach."

"Have you ever wished you could kiss your own cock?"

Henry's cock was more than just half hard; it bounced with every heart beat. "What?" Henry exclaimed, astonished that Arnie was so blunt.

"You know, Henry, when you jack-off have you ever tried to kiss or suck your own cock...everybody does...it's nothing to be ashamed of. Most men aren't limber enough or their cock isn't long enough but tell the truth....haven't you ever thought about it?"

"Well...."

"I thought so, Henry. And, I'll bet you've been tempted to taste your own cum, haven't you?" I can tell you from experience, Henry, it's sweet and salty and a little tart."

Henry just looked at Arnie. He didn't know what to say.

"Henry?"

"What, Coach?"

"You know that spot just behind the balls? Would you massage that too?"

With Arnies balls in the palm of his hand Henry rubbed Arnie's "taint."

Arnie put his hand on Henry's shoulder. "It's all right, Henry. It's ok to be curious. And it's ok to find out! You could go through life always wondering or you could find out and know and have something to remember when you've been married thirty years and your wife thinks you're abnormal because you want sex more than she does."

Henry's expression betrayed his desires but he was frozen; afraid to act.

"You want to know what your cock feels like in your mouth, don't you? You want to know what your shaft feels like sliding over your lips. You want to feel the soft velvety head on your tongue and the roof of your mouth. You want to feel your hardness just before you explode. You want to taste the essence of your manhood, don't you Henry?"

Henry's mind was whirling, the coach was right! "What was he going to do?" He thought.

Arnie turned towards the streaming water. "Rinse me off, Henry. It's all nice and clean. Rinse all the soap off and find out everything you want to know." Arnie's hand pushed gently on the younger man's shoulder. "You'll never forget this moment, Henry, never!"

Henry dropped to his knees and looking up into Arnie's eyes slowly savored his first taste of cock.