 I first saw him as we boarded the plane. He was about my height, about my age. There was that eye contact that men make. Yeah, I see you, I don't think you are a threat, I'm not being antagonistic, I know who I am. They were the things men do with their eyes. He was one row ahead of me and in the aisle seat on the other side. 

During the flight, I had to piss a couple of times. The first time, I was coming out of the john when he was going in. We were face to face and I noticed him looking at my eyes more than he needed to, like he knew me from somewhere. The second time, he was coming out and again he looked right into my eyes. I think I nodded a little in recognition then.

When the plane landed, I stood up and he did too, and we were right next to each other in the aisle. We made eye contact and I said "How you doing?" He said that he was okay, but wanted to get to the hotel. I agreed.

I went down to catch the hotel shuttle and he was on it. There was more eye contact, a little small talk, more 'get to know you' that men do. I didn't think anything about it. I was thinking about the trade show the next day.

I ate in the bar of the hotel that night and he came in. I nodded to him. The place was nearly empty and there was an NBA game on. I'm not a fan, but I like a good game. This one wasn't a good game. He asked if he could join me. I said sure. He ordered a chef's salad and a beer and we exchanged names and particulars. He was Todd, from Dayton. I was Mark from Grand Rapids. He was divorced, I was divorced. We had kids, him three, me two.

We watched the game and chatted, had another beer. He asked me what I was doing that night and I said not much. He asked me if I wanted to get out and see some of Las Vegas. I said sure. I'm not really a Las Vegas person, but the cable TV at the hotel was not that hot. That's the way it is in Vegas, get you out of the room and into the casino. I'm not a casino type person.

We went to the ESPN bar and had a beer but it was kind of loud. I asked him if he had any other recommendations. He said that he had been to a couple of places around town before and he would try to remember where they were. He asked me how long I wanted to stay out. I said not that long.

We grabbed a cab and Todd gave the driver the name of the club. I didn't really hear him and if I did, I wouldn't have recognized it. We pulled up in front of the club a few minutes later and went in. There was no cover charge, I liked that, and I looked around to take it in. Todd motioned me up to the bar and we ordered a beer.

I had just taken my first sip of beer when I noticed something. At the end of the bar, there were two young men in white t-shirts, kissing. I took a quick look around and knew that this was a gay bar. I looked at Todd and he didn't look gay. I wondered what was up. I took another sip of beer.

Todd looked at me and made long eye contact. "Do you like this place?" he asked? I told him that I didn't know that it was a gay bar when we went in. He said that if I was uncomfortable, we could leave. I looked around and I thought, "What the hell? Why not?" so I told him we could stay.

There was a short pause and he said that he wasn't trying to pick me up, but that he liked going to gay bars when he was in Las Vegas, but that he didn't like to go alone.  There weren't that many gay bars in Dayton and he wasn't gay, but he liked being around men. I said that there weren't that many gay bars in Grand Rapids, and that I wasn't gay either, and I didn't mind the company of men, but that I was straight.

We looked at each other, a long look into the eyes and started to laugh. Todd said that he was afraid that he had blown it with me. He said that I was a good guy and that he just wanted some company that night. He told me some things about himself, how he was divorced and liked women, but that it gave him a chance to have sex with men again. He had sex with men in college and it wasn't a big deal, that he was very careful about who he had sex with and that trying to figure out who he was that was hard. I think he wanted me to jump in and say the same sorts of things about myself, but I didn't.  There was this eye thing going on, like how much do I tell and how much did he tell. Some things were said straight into the eyes, others with the eyes looking over the shoulder.

I didn't tell him about the times I sucked off my best friend in high school, how I had some jack off sessions in college and how I just about let a guy fuck me once and how I always wondered what would have happened if I did. I did tell him that I understood what he meant about trying to figure out who I was. I said that if he wanted to find some company with someone at the bar, I would be his wing man. 

We were finishing out beers and he looked around. He said that he wasn't really attracted to any of the guys there. It was nice to look though. We caught a cab back to the hotel and made a little small talk. We had reached that point where we had talked all of the talk we were going to talk without spending more time together.

As we went to our rooms, I stopped at my door and he went down the hall to his. We said good night. I watched him walk away and felt desire in my cock for him. I could feel it. I stepped inside and into the bathroom. I brushed my teeth.

I went to his door and knocked. My heart was at 110 beats and I tried to get my breathing under control. He answered. We looked into each other's eyes. We both knew why I was there. He opened the door further and I stepped inside. He pushed the door closed and we never broke contact. We kissed.

It had been a long time since I had kissed a man. I love the strong way they kiss. I could feel him against me. We had our arms around each other and trying to pull each other in without being uncomfortable. I broke the kiss. "I was wondering if you still wanted some company," I said. He kissed me again. "Yes."

He led me over to the bed and we sat down, started kissing and fell over onto the bed. I slid my hand down to his crotch and felt his cock. Goddam it felt good! He was wearing slacks, and the material was thin and I could feel the heat from his cock. He pulled my shirt out and slid a hand under my shirt.

We lay there, half on the bed, half off, feeling each other's bodies, kissing and laughing. He broke it by standing up and peeling his clothes off quickly. He was still wearing boxers. He stood me up and I started to do the same, but he stopped me and said that he wanted to do it.

He started kissing me and unbuttoning my shirt, slowly. He kissed my chest and my nipples when they were bared. He stroked my skin, kissing my lips, kissing my flesh. I felt so adored. He opened my pants and slid his hands in, cupping my ass from outside my bikini briefs. I slid my shoes off and he pushed my pants off. They slid down and I stepped out of them.

We were standing, bare chest to bare chest, and he reached into my underwear and cupped my ass. It had been a long time since I had felt a man's hands on my ass that way. The last time, I had been a scared college kid, picked up in a bar by and older man and he wanted to fuck me. I wasn't ready then, too scared, but I wasn't scared now.

Todd reached around to my front where my cock was leaking precum into my shorts. He slid my undies down over my cock and it waved free. He pushed my underwear all the way off and I was naked with him. The last time I had been naked with a man, at the last minute, I had grabbed my clothes and ran. This time, Todd sat on the bed, looked me in the eyes and held my cock in front of him. I could see the desire in his eyes and it felt good.

He took my cock in his mouth and swirled his tongue around the helmet head. I loved that. He had one hand between my legs, and a finger trailed across my anus. I shifted my legs open wider. I wanted him to do what ever he wanted. He stood up and pulled his boxers off and my cock banged up against his. He stepped between my legs and his hands rested on my ass, kneading my ass easily. One hand slipped between the cheeks of my ass and he pressed a finger against my anus.

I pressed against him, my hands on his waist. We were kissing and looking into each other's eyes and I wanted him to want me. He did. I could see it in his eyes. I sat down on the bed and took his cock in my mouth. It had been a long time since I had done that. When I was married, I tried to tell my wife about my previous cock sucking, but she was really uptight. Or so I thought. It turns out that she was fucking some guy from work and he was topping her, and they had threesomes together where she would suck off a stranger. I just didn't get her; she just didn't get me.

But I had Todd's cock in my mouth and if he wanted to top me tonight, I was okay with that. Right now I wanted him to fuck my mouth. I cupped his balls in my hand and played with his ass. He responded by holding my shoulders and rocking in and out of my mouth in an easy motion. I had one hand around his cock, the other sliding back and forth between his balls and his ass. I pushed lightly on his anus. I was rewarded when he grabbed my head and held me in place as his cock pushed into my mouth and he came in spurts. A guttural cough seemed to well up from inside him as he came. I tried to catch it all, but was not successful

"Goddam, baby, how did you learn to suck cock like that?" He was giddy with laughter. I shrugged and told him about the barn where I grew up and sucking off my best friend. We were lying on the bed and he said that he wanted to return the favor. He got down between my legs and started getting me hard. I have a hard time cumming the first time I am with someone. I told him that and he said that it was okay. I slid around so we were in a 69 and took him into my mouth again.

I loved the way that he was sucking me, but I knew that I was not going to cum that way. He had gotten hard again, so I asked him to fuck me. Actually it was more like "Hey Todd, I don't think that I can cum that way."  "It's okay, let me try some more." "There are other ways." He leaned up on an elbow and looked at me. Right in the eyes. I spread my legs as wide as I could. "There are other ways."

He came up and was next to me on the bed, looking me in the eyes. "Are you sure?" I took his hand and put it down between my legs, down to my anus and scrunched against him. "Yes." He rolled over between my legs, was on top of me looking into my eyes. "Okay." He took my head in his hands and kissed me tenderly on the lips. His weight was on his elbows and his cock was pressed against my taint. It had been a long time since I had been on my back with a man between my legs, his hard hot cock pressing against the tender skin of my taint.

I wrapped my legs around him the best I could and our cocks ground together. He broke the embrace to get something from his shaving kit. He brought lube and condoms over to the bed. He took some of the lube and started massaging my ass with it, pressing it into my anus. I hadn't felt another man's fingers in my ass for so long, it felt really good. The last time, as the man's fingers pressed into me, I almost threw up. I was afraid of becoming a cock loving man. I was so afraid. I jumped up and ran. This was much better. I knew who I was, and I wasn't afraid of it.

He had two fingers in me and I knew that it more fingers would not be better. I wanted to get to the fucking. He was hard and I asked him if I could put the condom on. I had never done that before. I rolled it down his dick, this dick that was going to fuck me.

He put a pillow under my ass and positioned himself between my legs. I told him to just take it slow and I would be okay. He didn't get his cock into the right place at first and I had to reach down and position it. He pressed slightly and I felt what I had been expecting for a long time. I had a dildo that I used on myself every few months when I was very randy. I liked the feel of it. He pressed and eased up, pressed and eased up. Then the head of his cock slipped in. I knew that there would be some stretching involved and I told him to wait just a minute. When I gave him the okay, he pulled out, put on some more lube and pushed in again.

He went in easier this time and again he waited. After a minute, he started pushing in and out slowly and easily. Just a little gentle rocking motion. And it felt great. I loved how warm and hard and soft his cock felt. Soon I felt his pubic hair against me. I opened my eyes after realizing that they had been closed. He kissed me and it was all I could do to keep from sucking his face off. I felt soooo good!

He pulled all the way out and put a little more lube on and then pushed all the way in with one push. I almost came right then and there. I sucked my breath in but not out of pain. It was just a very intense sensation, to be taken with a cock that way.


He rocked in and out of me and I realized that my eyes were closed again. I opened them and there he was looking right into them. I kissed him and had my hands on his hips. My legs were around his back and he was fucking me.

I loved the slow rocking motion he was doing. He started making longer strokes and when he hit bottom, I would almost cum. I wanted to so badly. I started to play with my cock, but he wouldn't let me. "Let me make you cum" he said, between nibbles on my neck. He knew what he was doing, so I decided to let him.

Long slow strokes, short fast ones, I was getting a royal fucking. But I was getting near my limit. He was sweating and I was sweating and I needed to cum. His breath was getting ragged and he pulled back so that he had my ass in his hands as he was fucking me. He took my cock in his hand and started stoking it in time to his fucking. I started trying to cum, but he clamped down hard on me. My ass continued trying to milk him and he pushed in long, hard and fast, grinding his pubic hair into my ass. I couldn't help it.

I wanted to cum so badly, but he wouldn't let me. He started to loose his pace and my ass grabbed his cock and he started stroking mine. I tried to say "I'm cumming", but it was choked off in my throat and all that came out was a guttural scrape. I felt his cock as it pushed deep into me and spurted, deep and spurt, deep and spurt. My orgasm seemed to never end, coming from somewhere deep inside where I had never been before.

He collapsed on top of me and I wrapped my arms around him. His eyes were closed and I stroked his back. After I bit, I let my legs down and his cock slipped out of me. I felt strangely empty.

"Goddam" was the first thing he said. He slid off me, my cum matting the hair on both our chests. "I have never a ..." and his voice trailed off. I had never been fucked like that before, but then I had never been fucked before. Had I known that it could be this good, I would have done it earlier. "I don't know what to say, Mark. Thank you." We were side by side on the bed. I looked deep into his eyes and said "I thank you, too."

There was a moment there when I feel I had really connected with him on some other plane. I had shared the most intimate part of me with him and he appreciated it. He understood what I had done.

After a few minutes, he asked me if I would like to shower. I did and we got soapy together. I stayed the night with him, sleeping lightly, waking often when I bumped into him. In the morning, we made out for a while, but didn't have sex. That night, we went out on the town, but that's a different story. But I always remember what I saw in his eyes.