 "I'm so nervous, my students are gonna hate me, I just know it! They're not gonna take me seriously!" I exclaim frantically as I slip on my shoes to head out the door.

"I highly doubt that, 'Hot Teacher!" My roommate Jess says as she pushes me the rest of the way out.

"I would literally kill to have a teacher even half as hot as you, gay or not. I doubt you'll have any issues!"

I take a deep breath and smile half-heartedly as she closes the door in my face. It's my first year teaching at Horizons University in my hometown, and to say that I'm a little nervous would be an understatement. I remember college thoroughly and I know how some kids treated the professors. Though, my roommate, Jess doesn't seem to think that I'll have any issues. 

I will admit, I'm not bad looking. I'm 6'2 with a full head of dark brown hair that I style perfectly every day, my hazel eyes have been described as dreamy and must say, my jawline does not quit. But, that's the issue. I feel like they'll think of me as just another kid in the classroom, and won't take me seriously, and if that were to happen I don't know what I'd do.

No need to freak out now though, Dax, you've already accepted the position and you have to fulfill your duty to the university.

I walk into the already half full classroom and immediately I hear whispers, giggles, and snickers behind my back. But, I proudly walk up to the board and write my name.

"Professor Donaldson...more like HOTerson!" a girl says from the back of the room.

"Stop, you're going to get him in trouble if you keep hitting on him!" I hear her friend tell her as they both giggle and shoosh each other.

I choose to ignore them and continue to stack the syllabi on the edge of the desk for them to grab once class began. As I'm stapling and stacking with my head down, really working diligently, I hear a roar of laughter and commotion come from the back of the room. 

I look up and see an extremely tall Asian kid who seems to have dropped all of his papers out of his binder while coming down the steps. Of course, those catty girls are laughing and he's frantically trying to pick up everything, I rush to the top of the stairs to try and help him out and he looks up at me with the purest and innocent eyes, and I actually lose my own footing for a moment and begin to fall over.

Before I could hit the ground he reaches over and catches me in his arms, which shocks me to my core, because although he seems so scrawny he's actually really strong. 

"Ah, thanks for that," I say as I regain my footing and stand to shake his hand in the most nonevasive way I possibly could.

"It is alright, Sensei." The young man says with an earnest smile, a little too earnest, his purity is really trying to melt my icy heart. 

"No need to call me Sensei, over here you can just call me Professor Donaldson. Where are you from?" 

"I'm from Hokkaido, Japan. And I'm sorry, but I feel like it'd be disrespectful to you to call you anything other than Sensei, Sensei!"

This kid is really not good for my heart because his genuine smile and cheerful disposition just makes me want to take him home and show him how dirty the world can be.

I clear my throat and straighten my tie and go back to my desk to actually do what I came for which was to teach the seminar. As I compose myself and begin to speak, I can feel the heat on the back of my neck every time I turn around. Following every swooping trace of my chalk on the chalkboard and every flick of my fingers on the computer keyboard. I begin to nervously sweat while trying to teach about stocks and bonds!

"What am I even doing here? Why am I teaching an economics class? I don't know what I'm doing! They're all looking at me and laughing at me, I can't take this!"

I hear a student cough at the back of the room and I'm broken from my depressing spell, and though I keep having these nervous and insecure thoughts every time I looked up at my students they seemed to be taking notes diligently, not having a care in the world whether or not it was me or Beyonce standing here. Though, I'm sure they'd prefer the latter.

I wrap up my lesson and am making sure everyone has a syllabus when I feel that heat on the side of my neck again, I turn in the direction I'm feeling the sensation and it's that same student that I'd helped with his belongings. All of the other students were gone and it was just he and I.

I turn to him and say, "I didn't catch your name, what was it again?"

He smiles eagerly and says, "Mitsuki Takeo, sensei! Oh, I forgot in America they say the surname last! Then, I'm Takeo Mitsuki, but you can call me Ta-chan!"

All of the words he's saying sort of just spill out of his mouth in a big nervous jumble. I stop to think over everything he's just said and how to properly reply.

"First off, I don't think I'm much older than you so please, just Professor Donaldson is fine. Second, It's nice to meet you Takeo and I hope you're enjoying your time he..." I was stopped mid-sentence by his lips...on mine!

Before I could even think or blink or push him away he had wrapped me up in his arms and was kissing me passionately. I let my mind go blank for a second, and I feel his arms and back that were extremely built, and he's very tall, at least 5 inches taller than me, and the way he kissed me felt like we'd done it a million times before.

After several minutes of heavy petting, I pull away from him trying to gain my composure and control of the situation. 

"Takeo, what's gotten into you? Why are you doing this all of a sudden?" I say with a confused look on my face!

"It's because I love you!" Takeo says with his eyes filled with tears.

I'm shocked at this point, how could he love me when this is the first time we've ever met. I put my hand on my forehead as if I've got a fever while trying to understand what he's saying. He takes my hand again and says, "You really don't remember me?"

My eyes widen when he says this and I look him up and down trying to figure out where we would have met. He stands up straight with a shy expression on his face which quickly changes into an angry expression. 

"When I was in my first year of high school I was studying abroad in this town, staying with a nice family who treated me well. But the kids at school never seemed to want to include me in anything. Sensei was just starting University and was mentoring at the school."

I think back to my time at Horizon High and no matter how hard I think, I still can't seem to remember him, I had mentored after school for students who didn't know what career they were going to choose after high school, kind of like a big brother program.

"One day after school I was asked to deliver some papers to the office, and as I was walking I was tripped by another student. I fell and dropped the papers everywhere while they laughed and ran away. The only person who stopped to help was you, Sensei. You were so cool and calm I thought that when I was older I wanted to be just like you."

Takeo was being so honest and sincere I began to blush, I had helped so many students he must not have stood out to me. To think that he could look up to a fuck up adult like me, it's almost laughable.

"So you took my class on purpose?" I say still a little confused.

"No, I honestly was taking it because I wanted to. I didn't even realize it was you until I made that mess earlier and you helped me. I recognized your warm smile."

He takes his hand and brushes my cheek, and it becomes hot in the place he touched. He withdraws his hand as he notices me flinch, and a sort of gloomy aura comes over him.

"I admired you so much, when I got back to Japan I would always talk about the cool guy I had met in America, until one night when I was home alone and began to masturbate, your face appeared in my head and I came almost immediately, that's when I began to realize that the feelings I had for you maybe weren't as pure as just admiration."

Takeo gets really frustrated for a second and the words seem to not be coming out the way he wants them to. He squats on the ground with both hands over his face trying to cover up his embarrassment. Then stands and grabs both of my hands.

"After that, I really hated you! I had never thought about another guy that way, why was I thinking this way? It didn't make any sense to me until I saw you again today! Sensei, I've loved you all this time." 

He grabs my face again and kisses me. This time I can taste salt on his lips from his tears, he's really loved me all this time. I start to push him away but he grabs my waist and pulls me closer in the kiss, and I'm overwhelmed at this point, with emotions and lust, and whatever else. 

We slowly make our way to the ground behind the desk in the room and I'm completely giving myself over to him, I lift my waist so he can remove my pants and underwear to reveal my already hard and dripping cock. It's covered in pre-cum and he takes his finger and wipes some off, then slipping his finger into his mouth and licking my juices off. 

I blush profusely and he just gives me a smile before lowering his lips to my cock, he takes it all into his mouth and I let out a silent whimper. I can't believe I'm letting him do this to me, but it's too late to stop him. I begin to move in his mouth, rubbing my cock against the room of his mouth and his throat. He gags lightly and his mouth becomes even moister and hot. I almost cum right then and there, but he takes things a step farther.

At that moment when he knows I'm almost at my limits, he slips his fingers into my mouth and I begin to suck them as if I had him inside my mouth getting them nice and wet with my saliva. He takes his fingers and begins to massage my hole with them.

"It's already so soft and wet in the back." He says with a satisfied smile.

I turn my head because this is just too damn embarrassing for me to handle, why does my body have to be so lewd. He begins moving his fingers inside me, and I feel the sensation all the way up my spine. 

"Ah! Fuck!" I let out a soft cry before I cum in his mouth. To my surprise, he swallows it all, and I know there was a lot because I haven't even masturbated for weeks. 

"Do you always play with the back when you masturbate, it seems used to my fingers somehow." He says while wiping his lips with his sleeve." 

"Ah, sometimes," I say still panting from my orgasm.

"Well, now that you've had some release it's time for you to take responsibility." He says while pulling his pants down."

Thank God there's not another class in here today, I think to myself as I see his huge cock fly out of his underwear. I gulp in anticipation, and before I can do anything he grabs me for a kiss again, this time it feels even deeper than before and I can feel my head and heart filling with nothing but him. 

Before I know it, I'm hard again and he begins to rub his cock against mine while laying on top of me. He hasn't even put it in yet, but I'm already over the moon and filled with pleasure. He continues this for a while as we both pant and moan with pleasure until he can't take it anymore.

"I can't hold back any longer!" He says and brings out a condom from his pocket. He slides it on and gently lifts my lower half so he can easily slide his cock inside. When he puts it in I flinch because it hurts a little, but in the way, you want it to.

His body is over mine at this point and he's sliding in and out of me slowly, I can't help but moan in pleasure because he's making me feel electricity all through my body like never before. He begins to pick up the pace ramming inside harder and harder with each stroke. 

When we are both almost at the point of climax he pulls me on top of him while he takes my cock in his hand, and begins jacking it while I ride him.

"Ah, don't! I'm gonna..." I try and get out but end up cumming all over his chest!

He cums together with me at that moment, and I just collapse on his chest into my own mess. He wraps his arms around me and I begin to cry in his arms. He tries to wipe my tears, but they begin to flow faster and faster. 

I find his lips and kiss him slowly.

"I've never been so happy." I say as he wraps his arms around me and whispers, "Me too."

To be continued...