 Jeff and Bruce were pretty content with their latest adventures, between the amusement park, the restaurant, Bruce's work... there had just been a lot going on that made them very excited and happy. Their love life had really picked up ever since they'd started trying out more risky sex and it was thrilling for both of them. However, there was still one thing that they'd always wanted to try...

Jeff was a regular addict to "Sex in the City" and he'd particularly fallen in love with Charlotte's character. Lately he especially loved the episode where she was getting back together with her husband Trent, who had gone from not being able to get it up, to wanting sex all over the city! They had sex in lots of public places too... and then eventually snuck off at a party to have sex in the coatroom - which of course had a bed. He was dying to follow in Charlotte's footsteps and try something like that. 

Not that his and Bruce's relationship was suffering anything like Charlotte's and Trey's had been - they were still seperated at that party, but it was a fantastic idea. Probably not quite as easy to avoid getting caught as it had been on TV, but still, he'd heard of other people doing stuff like that before too. Why not? Could the risk really be any worse than an amusement park or restaurant? 

So it was that the first party that they were invited too, after he broached the idea to Bruce, was completely inconvenient for conducting a risque affair. There were children running all over the place, often enough playing hide-and-seek, tag, or some other game that took them into every room of the house. It was enough that Jeff didn't even feel tempted, at first his dick had been a little hard, just trying to think of a way to conduct themselves anyway, but as he watched the innocent play of the children he realized that he just couldn't do it. How would they explain to the child's parents? Or their gracious hosts?

Although disappointed, it did give Jeff and Bruce even more fuel, planning the possibilities. And they had learned to be patient while waiting to get an empty movie theater, they could be patient with the parties. The second party was just as inappropriate, mostly because it was a bridal shower for one of their good friends and there just weren't enough people there for them to sneak off for an amount of time and not be noticed. Especially surrounded by a bunch of nosy, gossipy women who were all excited. Besides, it was Clara's day and her happiness and it would have been incredibly selfish to ignore that. So they waited again.

The third party was perfect.

"Third time's the charm," Jeff joked as he and Bruce smiled, working their way back to the upstairs. Of course there were people upstairs as well, but it wasn't as crowded and most of them were standing along the stairway and balcony, chatting and watching the band which was playing. Phoebe, their host for the night, was a very rich and very generous woman who loved to host elaborate parties for lots of people. She hadn't been very popular when she was younger and so seemed to be making up for lost time with a vengeance; but it wasn't just her fabulous parties that kept people around, she was genuinely one of the sweetest and most wonderful people. And she would also be one of the most sympathetic if they DID happen to get caught, having several wild sex-capades herself before. 

With their arms around each other they sauntered off, Jeff moving into the bathroom and going through there into the bedroom. Bruce took the more direct route straight into the bedroom, and they locked the doors. The sounds of the party were muffled as the two men smiled at each other, setting down their drinks and moving forwards for a kiss. People talking outside and the band playing just fueled the intensity of their excitement and passion, they could hear so many people so close and yet no one knew what was going on.

Clothes slowly fell to the floor, one piece after another as they kissed and moved towards the bed, hands running up and down each other's bodies, caressing and softly touching. Once on the bed, Jeff on the bottom, Bruce moved around on top of his lover's body until his mouth was positioned just above Jeff's dick. Lowering his head, he wrapped his lips around his partner's dick, his own dick moving downwards with his body, Jeff's hands wrapping around Bruce's waist and pulling Bruce's dick into his waiting mouth. Both of them sighed and shuddered as they began to mutually pleasure each other. 

Although Jeff's mouth felt wonderful on Bruce's dick, especially when he pressed all the way in and could actually push his entire dick into Jeff's throat, he had to make sure that he moved up often enough for Jeff to breathe. It took a lot of strength and energy to be constantly pulling back, especially when he was so involved in pleasuring Jeff down on his end. 

When Bruce's arms finally started to give out from the exertion, he gave Jeff's dick one extra hard suck and pulled off, sighing with disappointment as the wet warmth was gone from his sensitive member. Jeff blinked up at him beatifically, with such a sweet smile that he looked like a total innocent. It made blood pulse madly through Bruce's dick, to see his partner looking so angelic, so pure, when he knew very well that Jeff was nothing of the sort... he wanted to ravish him. Yes, 'ravish' was the perfect word.

With a low growl he pounced forward, sliding Jeff's legs over his shoulders and positioning his dick at the tight entrance of Jeff's ass. Jeff's own dick bounced against his stomach as he leaned forward and began to push in, using the spit covering his dick as lubrication. It was tighter and harder to get in that usual, but it felt better for both of them too; even though it was hardest on Jeff, he found that he liked the way his ass felt as it was stretched, the process of Bruce's dick slightly hindered. There was something more erotic about it, nothing artificial in it. And it wasn't as if his ass hadn't been stretched often enough that there should have been any real problem anyway.

Bruce worked his dick back and forth, digging deeper and deeper into Jeff's ass, savoring the tightness, the way the inside of Jeff's ass rippled around his dick. Moaning, Jeff arched his hips and came down, slamming himself completely onto Bruce's dick and they both moaned as Bruce's hips pressed up against the sweet curve of Jeff's ass. 

Both of them froze, locking down on their vocal cords as the door in the bathroom opened...

"Damn..." whispered Bruce under his breath, his dick twitching in Jeff's ass... he was longing to plunge in and out but it would make too much noise. 

A girl giggled high pitched, and they almost died when whoever was in there tried the door leading to the bedroom. Silently Jeff blessed their forethought in locking the doors to the bedroom. 

"It's locked," said a very deep male voice. Both Jeff's and Bruce's eyebrows went up... someone else with their interesting idea? How very... interesting. 

"Oh who cares," said the woman's voice, "Do me here, now darling."

The man chuckled, "Who knew I was getting such a delicious slut when I married you."

Jeff wanted to burst out in hysterical giggles when the couple in the bathroom began moaning and their was a strange knocking noise on the door, he realized that they must be fucking each other right up against the door. He grinned up at Bruce.

"That's effing hot." and wiggled his ass, the tight hole closing down on Bruce's invading dick. Bruce moaned and began to push in and out of Jeff's ass, not really caring if the couple in the bathroom heard them anymore. As if they would, the amount of noise they were making; they obviously didn't care too much about getting caught. It turned both Jeff and Bruce on to have such a randy couple indulging in the same fetish just a thin plank of wood away.

Wrapping his hand around Jeff's dick, Bruce started pumping hard in and out of his ass, leaning forward to get a steep angle of penetration into the tight hole. Jeff moaned and lifted his arms up around Bruce, pulling his lover into him as his hips moved up and down, accepting the steady onslaught of cock in his ass. His dick throbbed in Bruce's hand, pulsing with pleasure as he listened to the moans of the woman in the bathroom, getting thoroughly fucked up against the door by her husband. 

The woman in the bathroom started to cum, her husband's lower grunts and gasps underneath her high pitched squealing. Sudden eruption of sound in the bathroom as the husband and wife were caught by other party guests, probably still linked at the crotch. Apparently they hadn't bothered to lock the bathroom door, or keep it quite. 

With the sounds of shock and horror in the ears as their neighbors were caught, Bruce and Jeff were so turned on by it that things were moving much faster for them than they'd wanted it to. Bruce gasped and plunged into Jeff's ass, his hand pulling tightly on Jeff's dick, and as Jeff began to cum his ass clenched down, sucking the cum out of Bruce. Both of them kept their moans of passion very quiet as the commotion in the bathroom still hadn't died down. 

Gasping with completion, they both grinned and giggled as they hurried around the room, finding tissues to wipe off the mess Jeff had made on their stomachs, getting hurriedly dressed while exchanging quick kisses. Peeking out the doorway of the bedroom, they walked around the corner to find a large crowd at the door of the bathroom, everyone talking at once.

Bruce poked someone on the shoulder, "What's going on?"

The man barely glanced at him, "Some couple in there was fucking and got caught, and now everyone wants to watch..."

"Watch?!" asked Jeff, rather shocked.

"Oh yeah, seems they get off on it... I would too if I was closer, the wife is supposed to be effin hot."

As the wife's voice hit another high pitch there was a cheer from the surrounding crowd that was lucky enough to be in view of the bathroom. Jeff and Bruce just shook their heads and walked on. Having people watch while they had sex... how strange.

------------------------

author's note: And this is the conclusion for now... I hope you enjoyed reading!