 INTRODUCTION

Andy Jones had just turned 18 years old in his senior year at the Academy of Fine Arts. He would be graduating in two months and he was thrilled that he would be joining a dance company. Andy's two roommates both 18 year old students, Jimmy and Cory would also be graduating. Andy was still a virgin and somewhat naïve about sex. He knew that many of the boys at the school were gay and he suspected that Jimmy and Cory were too. Although Andy had never witnessed any sex between his roommates he sensed that they were getting it on. He secretly wished he would catch them someday just so he could see what they did. 

It was a Saturday morning and Andy was on his way to Dr. Carl Martin's office for his annual physical. Dr. Martin was the school physician and he always conducted physicals on Saturday morning so as not to interfere with the student's classes. Andy did not know it at the time but that morning would change his life forever. Dr. Martin waited anxiously for Andy to arrive. He knew that Andy had recently turned 18 years old and he looked forward to examining the boy.

JIMMY AND CORY

"Good he's gone, now let's go back to bed and suck each other," Cory whispered.

They both got in Cory's bed into a 69 position as they lay on their sides. Cory took Jimmy's cock into his mouth and Jimmy followed Cory's lead. The two of them sucked cock and they relished the feeling of the soft mushroom heads in their mouths. They took the cocks as deep in their mouths as they were comfortable with doing as they made love to each other. Cory grabbed Jimmy's ass cheeks and held them as he sucked Jimmy's cock. Jimmy copied every move that Cory made and soon they were both sucking cock and fondling each other's ass. 

Cory moved a finger between Jimmy's ass cheeks and tickled his anus and again Jimmy did the same thing to his roommate. Jimmy felt a surge pass through his loins and his testicles tightened signaling that he was about to cum. Then he felt his cum travel from his scrotum through his cock and blast into his lover's mouth. Cory just held on to Jimmy's ass and swallowed Jimmy's load as it shot into his mouth. Cory then rubbed his roommate's balls as he drank down every drop of Jimmy's cum. Jimmy was in ecstasy as he always enjoyed ejaculating into Cory's mouth. 

Jimmy had stopped sucking Cory's cock briefly as he savored the moment of cumming in his lover's mouth but then at Cory's urging he resumed sucking Cory's cock. Cory shot his load shortly thereafter and flooded Jimmy's mouth with cum. Jimmy did just as his roommate had done and swallowed as fast as he tried to capture every drop of Cory's cum. However, Jimmy had never gotten used to the volume and force of Cory's ejaculation. He pulled Cory's cock from his mouth and closed his eyes as Cory's cum shot all over his face. When Cory had ceased shooting, Jimmy took Cory's cock back in his mouth. They continued to hold to each other and suck each other in the 69 position. They were both so turned on that they remained hard. They could have cum again in each other's mouth but Cory wanted to fuck.

"I'm going to fuck you Jimmy," Cory whispered, "And then I want you to fuck me."

The two beautiful boys separated from their 69 position and Cory told Jimmy to get on all fours. Jimmy did as he was told and positioned himself on all fours. Jimmy was always leery of the anal penetration and he looked back over his shoulder with trepidation at his roommate.

"Don't worry Jimmy, I will grease you up good before I fuck you," Cory said trying to sound reassuring.

Cory played with Jimmy's ass a long time as he loved fingering his lover's bung-hole and caressing his shapely ass. Jimmy stayed hard throughout the ass fucking foreplay and at one time he thought that he might cum again. It was just then that Cory told him to turn over. Jimmy lifted his legs and placed them on Cory's shoulders as Cory directed.

"I love to watch the expression on your face when I fuck you," Cory said in a raspy voice.

Cory placed the head of his cock at Jimmy's ass and pressed forward testing the asshole. Jimmy could feel the pressure and although it wasn't yet unpleasant, he feared the discomfort to come. Jimmy's relaxed orgasmic state and his horniness took over and he let Cory have his way. Cory added more lubricant to his cock as he pulled back and rubbed the head of his cock around Jimmy's asshole. Every few seconds Cory would push inside Jimmy and then pull back out stretching him a little wider each time. It was quite a turn-on for Cory watching his beautiful cock between Jimmy's raised and spread legs. Cory's next thrust was with a purpose and Jimmy felt the surge as his roommate's cock pushed passed his sphincter.

"Ugh!" Jimmy grunted. 

Cory remained inside him and did not move allowing Jimmy to adjust to his girth. Jimmy wrapped his ankles around Cory's ass and pulled him deeper. Cory stopped once again and remained still for a moment and waited for Jimmy's reaction. The feeling of pressure was replaced by desire and Jimmy rotated his hips and arched his back to get Cory further inside him.

Jimmy's body opened up to his roommate and he felt Cory's cock stretch him open. Cory's cock slid in and out of Jimmy slowly until he had finally buried all eight inches in Jimmy's ass. Jimmy could feel his lover's balls resting on his ass. Jimmy couldn't believe what a wonderful feeling it always was to have Cory completely inside him. Cory pulled out a little and then he stopped and pushed back inside. The feeling was fantastic and Jimmy began to rotate his hips again. Then Cory pulled almost all of the way out and then plunged inside fucking his roommate senseless. Jimmy moaned in response to Cory's pounding and they began to make love. Cory leaned over him and Jimmy wrapped his legs around him, hooking his ankles together and they began rocking and moving beautifully together. Jimmy was being fucked again and he loved it.

Cory was fucking Jimmy hard and he reveled in each thrust. Jimmy looked down and watched his balls and erect cock bounce around as Cory fucked him. Jimmy soon felt another buildup in his balls. Cory began to moan louder and louder, and fucked harder and faster. Jimmy felt Cory's cock swell in his rectum as Cory rose up on his knees. Jimmy knew that he was close and he began to pump his own cock with his hand. Cory grunted and Jimmy felt hot cum fill his ass. Jimmy pumped his cock harder in search of his own release. When he came, he shot his own cum all over his chest, abs and pubes. Cory had filled Jimmy up with his seed but he remained hard and continued to fuck Jimmy's ass. Cory pushed his cum around in Jimmy's ass and some of it escaped and wet the bed. Due to Cory's horniness and his youthful recuperative powers he continued to fuck Jimmy until he came again. Jimmy's asshole was overflowing with cum.

Cory collapsed on top of his roommate and then they kissed. Cory lay on top of Jimmy with all of his weight resting on him. Jimmy wrapped his legs around Cory and he reveled in the feeling of the big cock growing soft inside him. They stayed in each other's arms for a long time and no words were spoken. They just held each other, kissed and ran their hands over each other. Cory's cock softened and slipped from Jimmy's ass and it felt like a plug had just been pulled from Jimmy's asshole. Cum ran out of Jimmy's ass onto the bed and he felt the cool air caress his dilated asshole. 

"Jimmy I want you to fuck me now. Are you ready to fuck me?" Cory asked.

"Oh my God, yes!" Jimmy gasped.

Cory got on all fours and handed his roommate the lube. "Put plenty of that stuff on your cock and in my ass."

Jimmy knelt behind Cory and he began to caress his lover's beautiful ass. Jimmy loved it that Cory's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. Jimmy couldn't believe how much Cory looked like a girl from behind with his shapely curvy ass in the air and then Jimmy knew that he looked the same way. Jimmy put an ample amount of lotion in his hands and rubbed it all around Cory's bung hole. Then Jimmy inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Cory for his cock. As he sawed his fingers in and out of Cory's anus Jimmy was getting turned on by the thought of burying his cock in the shapely ass. He moved closer to Cory and lined up the head of his cock with Cory's anal opening and began to ease it into to him. 

Jimmy spat on his hand and rubbed his saliva all over his cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. Jimmy's cock head cleared Cory's sphincter and it slid right in without resistance. Cory's ass chute was warm and tight as Jimmy went deep into him. Jimmy was all the way in Cory's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Jimmy continued to pump Cory's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as he caressed his lover's smooth round ass. 

Cory asked Jimmy to fuck him harder and quicker. So Jimmy picked up the pace and he started pounding Cory's ass faster and faster. Jimmy's balls started bouncing off of his roommate's balls and Cory was moaning with each thrust of cock. Jimmy could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed into Cory's ass. Jimmy tried to make it last as long as possible but once Cory started to contract his anal muscles Jimmy lost it.

Jimmy fired a barrage of cum in his lover's ass filling it to overflowing. As he continued to fuck Cory, Jimmy's seed backed up in Cory's rectum and began to ooze out flowing over their balls. Cory used his talented anal muscles to milk Jimmy's cock and drain it of all his seed. Jimmy didn't think that his cock would ever be soft again as he remained hard in Cory's tight sheath. Cory's milking action weakened him and Jimmy collapsed on top of Cory's body. Cory flattened out on the bed with Jimmy on top and his cock still in Cory's ass. Jimmy rolled off of him and his hard cock slipped from Cory's ass. Cory rolled to his back and spread his legs lifting his knees to his chest.

"Fuck me again," he commanded.

Jimmy moved between Cory's legs in the missionary and lined up his still erect cock with his lover's asshole. Cory was also as hard as a rock and his beautiful cock pointed toward his head. Jimmy pressed slightly forward and his cock moved into the hot ass. Cory's ass actually pulled Jimmy inside and his cock went all the way in Cory's asshole as Jimmy's balls rested on the shapely ass.

"God, that feels so good, love me, fuck me," Cory cried out.

His ass was in the air and Jimmy's cock was fully embedded in it. Jimmy pulled back a little and pushed forward. Cory groaned as Jimmy began to slowly fuck him. Each time Jimmy would start taking longer strokes. Jimmy's cock head was soon at the edge of his lover's asshole before he pushed it back into him. Their fucking was making a sucking sound. Jimmy was so fucking hot that he crammed his cock fully into Cory. Cory held Jimmy's cock and massaged it with his anal muscles; Jimmy knew he was not going to last very long. Cory humped up against Jimmy fucking him back as Jimmy fucked him. Their room smelled of sex and sweat. Jimmy reached down to stroke his lover's cock.

"Yeah that's it. Jerk me off as you fuck me. Make me cum again," Cory cried out.

Jimmy took slow long strokes in and out of the curvy ass as Cory pushed up into him more and more. Soon Cory took control and just fucked Jimmy's cock. Jimmy let Cory fuck him with his ass muscles. Jimmy's actions became more erratic and his thrusts shorter and more powerful. Cory was grunting as Jimmy's cock slid in and out of his hot ass. Soon Jimmy's cock was barely staying in his lover's ass. Then Cory slowed down and let the cock just press against his prostate. Cory announced that he was cumming and he pulled Jimmy down and kissed him deeply plunging his tongue into Jimmy's mouth. Jimmy felt his roommate's cum shoot between their bodies covering their chests and abs and then oozing out around their pubes. That set Jimmy off and he began to pound his cock in and out of his roommate's hole. Jimmy slammed his cock into the loose wet hole and he felt his balls tighten again. Jimmy pressed deep into Cory and his seed filled his lover's ass for a second time.

"Yes cum in my ass again. Oh I feel it I feel your hot spunk," Cory groaned.

Jimmy pulled, pushed and cum spurted into Cory making his hole wetter and warmer as Jimmy's cock easily slid in. Jimmy continued fucking Cory until his legs were weak and cum had stopped flowing. Jimmy's cock slipped from his lover's ass as they cuddled and Cory stroked Jimmy's exhausted body.

"I love fucking you. I love your ass," Jimmy whispered into Cory's ear.

"I know. Let's rest awhile and then we can shower and get dressed before Andy returns," Cory said.

Jimmy and Cory showered, dried off, dressed and then went downstairs to the cafeteria for breakfast. Jimmy and Cory had been roommates and lovers for several months and they had managed to keep it a secret. Jimmy was 18 years of age had light brown hair, blue eyes and stood at about 5'6". Jimmy had a slender figure that seemed very effeminate. Jimmy had no hair on his legs and he had a tight shapely ass. He also had an average size cock of about 6" long and under 5" around. Cory was 5'7" tall, weighed 150 pounds and his body was virtually hairless and his skin was flawless. He had blonde hair with blue eyes and he was a very fit young man. His cock when hard measured almost eight inches long and just over five inches around. Cory liked his cock. He liked playing with it and jerking off but most of all he liked fucking Jimmy and having Jimmy suck it.

THE PHYSICAL

As Andy walked over to the doctor's office he wondered what Jimmy and Cory were up to that morning. He was convinced that his two roommates were having sex in the room. Andy had never caught them in the act but there were times when he returned to their room and it smelled of sex. Andy observed that his roommates also washed the bed sheets quite often and he was convinced that it was because of their semen. 

Andy was a cute young man with a well toned dancer's body. He was 5'6" tall and weighed just 145 pounds. He had a slender figure with shapely legs and an incredible curvy ass. He had hazel eyes and light brown hair that he wore over his neck and ears. Andy's skin was virtually hairless and flawless. 

Andy arrived at Dr. Martin's office and he was shown into the exam room by Bruce, the doctor's assistant. "Take off all your clothes and put that gown on. The doctor will be right in," Bruce told him. 

Andy stripped down and he was a little embarrassed because his cock was semi- hard from thinking about Cory and Jimmy. He quickly put the gown on and struggled to tie it in the back. Just then Dr. Martin walked in and smiled at Andy. "Don't worry about tying it. Those things are annoying," he said.

"Well Andy let's go over some medical history and then we'll get started, okay."

"Okay," Andy replied

Dr. Martin went over Andy's medical history and then he had Andy provide a urine sample. Bruce came back in and drew blood from Andy's arm. Andy felt strange being naked under the gown and he was actually a little turned on. Andy always got excited when he was naked and he always got an erection. Today was no exception as he felt his cock harden beneath the gown. Andy was embarrassed that his cock was still hard when Dr. Martin spotted Andy's erection as it pushed out the gown and he smiled. Dr. Martin checked all of Andy's vital signs, breathing and reflexes. He touched Andy lightly as he checked him out and Andy was incredibly turned on. Andy had never have anyone touch him so often and so tenderly before. Dr. Martin checked Andy's mouth, ears, eyes, and throat.

"Everything is looking good Andy. Now I need to check you for a hernia and I need to check your testicles and prostate. Stand up please."

Andy stood up in front of the exam table and his erect cock pushed the gown straight out. Andy blushed and turned beet red at his predicament. Dr. Martin acted as if it was perfectly normal for Andy to have an erection. When he touched Andy's genitals, Andy thought that he would cum on the spot. Dr. Martin felt the young man's testicles and took his time handling Andy's sac. Andy's sac tightened like a drum and he let out a soft moan.

"It's quite all right Andy. It is very natural for a young man to get frequent erections."

Andy had his eyes closed as Dr. Martin handled him and he tried to think of other things in hope that his erection would subside. Dr. Martin, however intentionally kept Andy aroused. 

"Okay it's time to check your prostate," Dr. Martin announced. 

He told Andy to turn and face the exam table. Andy did as he was told and then he watched as Dr. Martin put on a rubber glove and squirted some lubricant on his finger. Dr. Martin then told Andy to lean forward over the table and to relax. Andy felt a slippery finger probe his anus and then enter his asshole. Andy gasped at the penetration. Andy really didn't need a prostate exam but Dr. Martin just couldn't resist fingering the young man's tight shapely ass. Dr. Martin wormed his finger around in Andy's ass and Andy's cock became harder than ever.

"It seems to me that you like having something in your ass Andy," Dr. Martin said as he massaged the teen's prostate.

"It feels strange but good too," Andy groaned

With his other hand he took a hold of Andy's cock. "I think that you could use some help with this," Dr. Martin said as he slowly stroked Andy's throbbing cock.

No one had ever touched Andy's cock before that day. Dr. Martin then pushed Andy's gown off and let it fall to the floor in front of him. Andy was standing naked over the exam table as Dr. Martin stroked Andy's cock. Andy had never felt so turned on in his life and he thought that at any minute he would shoot cum all over the exam room. Dr. Martin sensed that Andy was close and he put his finger back in Andy's asshole and took a hold of Andy's cock again. Andy flinched and then tensed as the finger explored his anus and rectum again. Dr. Martin continued to jerk off the teenager and finger his asshole.

"Oh, I'm going to cum!" Andy screamed and then semen flew out of his cock. 

Dr. Martin watched as Andy's cum shot out and landed on the exam table. The first three spurts must have traveled three to four feet. The next two streams landed midway on the table and then two more gobs landed on the edge of the exam table. Dr. Martin loved the feeling of cum traveling through Andy's cock as the shaft throbbed and pulsed in Dr. Martin's hand. Dr. Martin looked at the exam table and the paper sheet covering the table was drenched with semen. 

Andy stood there as Dr. Martin still held on to the teen's impressive cock. Andy remained hard and Dr. Martin smiled as he thought about the recuperative powers of teenagers. Dr. Martin released Andy's cock but he kept his finger buried in the teen's shapely ass. Then Dr, Martin removed his finger from Andy's ass.

"Stay right there Andy, I'm going to get my assistant," Dr. Martin told him.

Bruce then came into the exam room and smiled when he saw Andy's erection. Andy blushed at his predicament when he saw Bruce look at him. Bruce walked in front of Andy and knelt down between him and the exam table. When Bruce took Andy's cock in his mouth Andy thought he would faint.

"Bruce will help with your condition Andy. Now I'm going to check your prostate again but I am going to use something a little bigger this time," Dr. Martin stated. 

Carl Martin dropped his pants and underwear and lubricated his stiff cock. He moved in behind Andy and eased his cock into the teen's virgin asshole. Carl Martin had the perfect cock for butt fucking particularly for virgin asses. His cock was uncut and tapered so the cock head entered the anus easily. Then as the ass loosened up he could go deeper and stretch it wider. As Carl fucked the pretty young boy in his fabulous ass, Andy adjusted as the tapered cock went deeper and deeper.
