 I stood there in the library's bathroom literally shaking with anticipation. I'd never in my wildest dreams imagine that I'd be standing in a public bathroom waiting for a complete stranger to come in so that I could suck his cock. Well, okay, definitely had thought about it in my wildest imagination, but I never would have believed that I would be actually living out a fantasy. So at twenty years old I was about to adventure into the shallow seas of my first erotic encounter with another man.

A knock came at the stall door and I unlatched it. My heart was beating a hundred times faster than it had ever beaten before. He was taller than me, skinnier than me too. His white hair was long, and it looked like he hadn't shaved in a few weeks. He had told me on the internet that he was in his forties, but I would have ventured a guess somewhere into his fifties. Regardless I was interested in what his face looked like. I was far more interested in what exactly he was keeping in his blue jeans. I tried to introduce myself but he simply lifted a finger to his lips in order to shush me. 

I dropped to my knees almost gleefully and waited for him to undo the button on his jeans. I don't think I could have gotten his pants down fast enough, but once I did I was in for a pleasant sight. His cock was soft, but looked like it was about six inches long. I couldn't help myself but to dive right in. My mouth wrapped around the head of his soft cock, I sucked gently. I enjoyed feeling his cock growing larger. I took as much of his growing cock into my mouth as I could at a time. 

His hands grasped the back of my head and he began to thrust in and out of my mouth. He was quite, but the way his body reacted I knew he was enjoying the work my mouth was putting in. I reached up and rubbed his balls. I knew that I liked it and I'm sure I read somewhere that most guys do. So I was rubbing his balls and having his cock thrust in and out of my mouth. I was in heaven. My cock was hard, but I didn't dare try to touch it lest I lose my balance and fall over. But I kept sucking jus the same enjoying every moment of this strangers cock in my mouth. 

"You ready." He panted in a whisper. I tried to answer but my mouth still had his cock in it. He got the message though and began to speed his thrusting even more. I felt his balls tighten up and prepared for a moment that I had fantasized about for years. A burst of warm jizz filled my mouth. I stopped sucking, the flavor overwhelming my taste buds. I was in love. In love with the taste of thick cum. Loved the way it filled my mouth. Loved the way it tasted. I wanted more. I wanted more of the whole experience. I stood up and looked at him. 

"Did you like that?" I asked with a nervous smile. He nodded and pulled up his long underwear. "Did I do okay?" I was so buzzed with sexual energy that I practically felt like begging him to fuck me right there in the handicap stall.

"Quiet." He whispered. I nodded, feeling only a little downtrodden. He finished buckling his belt and then looked at me. "We can chat online later." He said and I nodded again. He opened the stall and walked out leaving me there alone, wishing for more cock. More time to feel it my mouth. I think at that moment I was hooked. Hooked on the incredible drug known as a man's hot penis.

I undid my jeans. My boxers were wet with pre-cum. I smiled and pulled them down too. Sitting on the toilet I began to play with my four inch cock. It was rock hard and practically begging for attention. I stroked it slowly, building up the anticipation of orgasm to the breaking point. I think I was moaning softly to myself in that bathroom, wishing beyond imagination that another guy was fucking my mouth, using me as his fat slut. 

Finally I sped up my jerking. I wanted to cum so bad that it almost literally hurt. I needed sweet release. I allowed myself the pleasure of cumming. A thick string of cum filled my open hand and I immediately brought it to my mouth. I licked my hand clean, still wanting more. I wasn't satisfied with what I had gotten, and I was almost positive that it would take more cum than I could imagine feed my new found hunger.

I pulled up my pants. Leaving the restroom I tasted my own cum mixed with this strangers. I smiled, knowing that it wouldn't be long until I tasted more.