 "Shhhh." He hushed me as he pushed in the key. He slowly turned the knob and opened the door. We entered the dorm, I could hear muffled snoring from the top bunk.

"We have to be quiet, my roommate is asleep."

"I'm not sure If I can promise that." I said brining my lips to his. His mouth was so delicious, I could taste the sweet flavor of the ice cream we just shared in town. I probed his mouth, and rested my hands on his jaw holding him to me. Eager to explore his whole mouth.

His roommate flopped an arm over the bed and Sam jumped. I let go of him and laughed quietly.

"Relax baby. You are so tense." I said as I pushed him onto the couch.

"He doesn't know." He said.

"Of course he doesn't, he's asleep." I said simply, eager to change the subject.

"No, he doesn't know I'm gay." He said nervously.

I stopped advancing, my heart sunk a little and I myself became a little nervous.

"Oh."

I looked at him glumly through the dim light; observed his beautiful brown eyes, strong nose and jaw. I tired to keep my thoughts clean and focused, he was worried here. Coming out is a big event, I wouldn't want to mess it up for him. I would know, my coming out experience was terrible. I had sat down my parents, and simply told them. Big mistake; I got thrown out. Luckily I found a job at a hardware shop and made a way for myself. Plus, Sam lived with this guy, I don't want to make things uncomfortable or difficult for either of them. Pondering these thoughts I moved my eyes to his and realized that he was staring at me. My eyes were used to the dark by now and I could see that he was aroused. Not only were his eyes focused on me, but his cock was pressing hard and tight at the seam of his pants. I looked back up into his eyes.

"Damn it, I don't care if he hears us, or if he finds out." He whispered a little more loudly then before.

Then he lunged at me, I felt myself now begin to harden in excitement. He smiled as he undid my pants, pulling them down; as I did the same to him. He began to slowly rub my length. The feel of his heavy tight grip on me was unbearable. I fought the desire to moan out loud, the need for silence making it even more kinky. He moved his hands slowly, wiggling his fingers a little as he slid his hand up and down. I could feel the tightness slowly move from my shaft to the head, each area being massaged. My body went tense and numbed as he began to fuck my cock with his talented hands. 

"Oh fuck." I breathed, trying to remain quiet, my breathing was quick now. Right when I was about to come, he stopped. He slowly loosened his grip and eased away so that I couldn't lose it.

I groaned in agony.

"Relax, I will take care of you" he whispered as he grabbed a condom from the dresser. I could only whimper, upset that he didn't let me finish, my erection begging for him.

"I have a kinky idea. So, I'm in the closet right? Well then, lets get IN the closet."

I smiled and nodded my head. Lust filled me again as he placed his rough hands on my waist, gliding them past my erect cock. I all but threw him into the closet, stumbling in after him.

I heard him rolling the condom onto his shaft from behind me. The tiny room was very dark, but I could still feel him. The head of his hardness was pressing eagerly against my ass, I could feel the lubricated tip of the condom. He grabbed onto my shoulders with one hand and slowly pushed himself into me with the other.

I felt his dick fill me up, so full that I buckled and shook a little. I bent over to give him better access. He was so large, the feeling of his thick cock in me was amazing. I let out an almost silent but long moan as he pushed all the way into me. I thought about how this must feel for him. I knew my ass must be clamping down on him so fucking tight. He started to press into me even more, as if he wanted to fill me even further. Crushing his pelvis into my ass, my own erection was rock hard now. It was pressing against my stomach as I bent over for him. I began to stroke it roughly, pulling at it and mimicking his thrusts. 

He clicked his tongue at me.

"You-bad-boy." He grunted in between thrusts.

"Did I tell you that you could play with that? No, this is mine to play with, not yours." He hissed.

With that he reached both of his hands around my waist and began to jack me again while still fucking my ass. My body was on fire, He was filling my ass, and jacking my cock at the same time. I was his plaything now, his toy. I moaned as his cock hit a spot, pleasure steaming through me as my orgasm built. His hands expertly gripped at me timing his hands perfectly to his own movements. It was almost like I was fucking my own ass. A strange but erotic feeling. I groaned aloud as my orgasm built faster now.

"Don't stop!" I whispered desperately, bucking my hips into the pleasure from both angles.

"Faster!" I called still trying to keep quiet. My orgasm dangerously close now.

"You're filthy!" He said with an dirty little stammer of breath.

His voice rang in my ears as I was pushed over the edge. Cum exploded out of my cock as he continued milking it. Seconds later I felt my ass contract around his shuttering dick. My body jerked in pleasure and he moaned and grunted in his own orgasm. He both slowly gyrated our hips against each other as we felt the orgasm ease over us, relaxing and weakening our weary body's. He pulled out and we toppled to the floor.

Unable to say anything we just sat and panted, sweat gleaming on our faces. I had just had two orgasms at the same time! I took a deep breath and wrapped my tired arm around his shoulders. There was cum everywhere.

Then I heard a loud knock on the door. He took a quick breath.

"Dude, what the fuck is going on in there?" His roommate called out his voice groggy from sleep and confusion.

"Come out of the closet man." He said louder as he knocked on the door again.

Sam winked at me, and pulled me close and we both laid against the wall and rested our heads and drifted off to sleep.