 I settled down in a quiet part of the dunes, disappointed in myself. I had come to the beach wanting to suck cock, maybe even get fucked in the ass, but I had completely lost my nerve. I had wandered past several lone guys stroking hard-ons and giving passersby, including me, come hither looks. But none of them were my type. Not that I knew what my type was. I'd never done this before. I just fantasized. 

I walked down the beach and wandered through the dunes naked like everybody else. But the bodybuilders and teddy bears didn't turn me on. And while the young, clean shaven, lean guys in the circle jerk I passed looked enticing — they were closer to my fantasy — they looked, well, too young, and I was, frankly, too inexperienced, and too old. 

My courage, rather wispy to begin with, truth be told, quickly evaporated entirely. I trudged on, past a couple who looked like they were having fun rolling on a blanket and laughing. 

I found an empty swale on the edge of the beach, between low-lying waves of dune, and stretched out my towel, laid down, closed my eyes, and felt sorry for myself. Still, the sun felt good on my naked body. It wasn't too hot. There were broken clouds providing intermittent shade, and a nice breeze blowing offshore. It tickled the hairs on my balls. And I felt my cock start to swell. I played with it a little, running my fingers up the shaft, and around the ridge. I imagined someone lying next to me was doing it. 

"Can I help you with that?" I heard a voice nearby say. I was startled out of my reverie. How long had I been playing with myself? 

A lanky naked guy stood silhouetted against the sun at the top of the nearest dune crest. I could he was smiling. He had a light beard and short hair. 

"Cat got your tongue?" he asked, as he walked toward me. I couldn't decide what to say. I was paralyzed. He looked friendly, fit but not overly buffed out. He carried a water bottle in one hand, a towel over his arm. And he was well hung, but not huge. Circumcised, I could see. His cock looked great, in fact, I thought as I stared at it, not so different from mine, which I had secretly admired so many times masturbating in front of a mirror. 

I realized I hadn't said a thing, yet, though I was clinically analyzing him in my head. And he was now standing over me. And it looked like his cock was swelling a bit, too. 

I looked at my cock. It was rising up. 

"Nice," he said. "Can I touch it?"

I look at his cock again. I still couldn't bring myself to speak. I had a lump of nerve in my chest. But my mouth was watering, too. So I nodded. 

He squatted beside my blanket, put down his bottle and towel, and reached out a hand. I closed my eyes as he gently caressed my balls, which had quickly gone taught. He circled them, just touching the hairs at first, and then lightly the skin near the bottom, then still lightly over the balls, and up the length of the shaft. I groaned. He just said, "Mmmmm." 

His hand went back down and up the shaft again, and then again, each time circling the ridge at the top. I felt a spurt of precum travel from below my balls, up the shaft of my cock. As it oozed out the tip of my cock, I felt his thumb spread the lubrication as his hand circled the head of my cock. It was not so different from a handjob I would give myself, only someone else was doing it, just as I had fantasized. My girlfriend was good at a lot of things, but handjobs was not one. I had daydreamed about this many times. 

I moaned and opened my eyes just as this man leaned down, backlit by the sunshine, and took the tip of my hard-on in his mouth. His tongue swirled around the head of my cock and his lips put pressure around the ridge. This seemed too good to be true. Jenny gives a pretty good blowjob. I like it and she likes it, though I rarely can finish that way, which disappoints her. And here I felt like I was going to blow my load any second now. Then he took me all the way into his mouth, the beard on his chin tickling my balls, and I nearly passed out. 

Letting my cock slowly slide out between his lips, keeping pressure on the whole way, he squeezed my balls to keep me from coming. At the top, he swirled the head again and then back down he went. I felt harder than I had ever felt in my life. And I raised myself up on my elbows to watch him work on my cock. He looked up with a lustful smile. 

With one hand he held my cock as he worked it with his lips and tongue, he ran his tongue down and around my balls and then back up the underside of my cock, pausing to flick the underside of the head several times before going back down. I moaned, loudly now, as he went back down and took first one ball then other into his mouth. "Mmmmmm," he moaned. 

By now my cock and balls were slick with his saliva and my precum, and with one hand he began circling the area between my balls and asshole. I arched my back, and he put both hands under my ass then and began licking me there, and then flicking his tongue at my asshole. He circled it lightly. Jenny did that sometimes and it drove me crazy. I felt him push his tongue into my asshole. "Oh, my god," I said, as he did it again and again. Then I felt him push a finger in, a little at first, and then all the way. With his middle finger up my ass, he palpated my prostate and took my cock deep into his throat again. I nearly fainted, but his finger up my ass electrified my whole body. 

I had girlfriends, including Jenny, who had tentatively played with my asshole, but no one had ever gone all the way in like this or taken me deep throat, let alone at the same time. I had played with prostate stimulators, and dildos up my ass from time to time. I liked it. Lately I had taken to putting one dildo in my ass and slurping on another at the same time. But I had never been able to get myself off without wanking off too. That was what had brought me out to the dunes. I thought that I ought to see what it really feels like to be in another man's hands. 

My new friend sure seemed to know what I wanted even though I was tongue-tied. He plunged his tongue into my ass a few more times and then rolled me over. I went willingly. 

He lifted my hips so I was in the down dog position and went to work on my asshole again, tonguing it lavishly while he stroked my wet cock. I was sure I was going to blow, when he suddenly stopped stroking my cock, and I felt something bigger than his tongue or finger pressing on my asshole. 

I took a deep breath and let it out slowly and consciously tried to relax my rectum. I had done this before with a dildo, so I thought I knew what to do. And he hadn't looked bigger than the dildos I had used, which were about the size of my own dick. But he felt softer, and harder, and bigger, all at the same time, as he pushed in. And hotter. Way hotter. His head pushed in through my sphincter and I gasped then tried to relax again. I felt so full and warm. It was quite different from a dildo. He pushed in farther, pressing on my prostate, then rocked back and forth. 

I had never felt anything like this before. I abandoned myself to him as he held my hips and plunged in, over and over again, his balls slapping against mine from behind. Varying his rhythm, he massaged my most sensitive organs from the inside. I cried out. He stopped moving. His hands left my hips.

"No," I grunted as I pushed back against him. He stayed still and let me do the work. I was in control now. I searched for the right angle with each plunge and moaned loudly again and again. 

I was so close to that elusive holy grail I had been wanting for so long. I just wanted to know what it was like. I had seen guys come from being fucked, or fucking themselves in the ass on porn sites. But I'd never been able to do it alone with a toy. Sometimes I thought it was about to happen, but it never did. It was going to happen for real now though. I was sure. I could feel it coming. 

I pushed myself up, arching my back down. Pushing my ass back against him, I raised my head. 

It was then I realized we had an audience. Three other guys stood in a semicircle about a yard away from my head stroking themselves. 

The guy fucking me put his hands around my biceps and raised my torso up. This made his angle even more intense and I sank down on his cock with a new fervor. My eyes rolled back in my head.

When I looked again, the guy in front of me stepped closer. I looked at his cock and opened my mouth. He took one more step, put a hand on the back of my head, and guided his cock to my lips. I watched with eyes wide open until I felt his fleshy head pass between my lips. And then I closed my eyes. 

The sweet taste of precum on the soft flesh filling my mouth...the warm fleshy bulb moving back and forth across my tongue...another surge of precum, sweet, but salty too...`my insides filled with the hard soft rod pressing deep into my body. 

I grabbed the cock in front of me and started sucking as if my life depended on it, because I was sure it did now. Going back and forth over the bulb, stroking it with my hand, tonguing the tip, especially underneath, I could feel it getting harder and bigger, while the cock in my ass was doing the same, as I slammed up and down on it, bottoming out hard, lingering for a second, or two or three, pressing down, rocking my ass, feeling the electricity shoot through my core each time. 

I felt the cock in my hand and mouth stiffen as a surge come up the shaft. I felt the cock in my ass grow huge and press harder than ever at the most sensitive part of me. A blast of sweet, salty cum filled my mouth and throat, as I felt the cock in my ass swell suddenly, and my whole body spasm wildly again and again, and a warm surge filled me up. 

It was then I passed out.

When I came to, the sun was only a little lower in the sky. I wondered if it had all been a dream. But I was covered with a towel that wasn't mine. And the salty ocean air mixed with the ripe smell of semen and sweat, and my ass felt different, sore, but tingling in a good way. And I had a boner again.