 It was the summer of 1986 that I turned 18. I had just graduated from high school and had the whole world in front of me. State college was just a few short months away and I was looking forward to enjoying my last summer at home. Little did I know what those few months would entail. It would become a summer I would never forget.

In June of that year it was as hot as Texas could be. My father had a business trip in California and had taken my mother with him. I had no brother or sisters and was looking forward to spending a little time alone. My father owns his own business and we lived in an affluent neighborhood. The house was big and most importantly, especially in the summertime, had a pool to be enjoyed.

I had just gotten home from my part-time job when I decided to take a dip into the pool. The water felt fantastic against my tired muscles and I lazily floated on the water, enjoying the breeze that danced its way across the water.

"Hello?" I heard a voice call from within the house. "James, are you home?"

"Over here!" I responded, recognizing the voice. "I'm in the pool."

Through the screen covering the back door came Lance, a business associate and family friend of my parents. He was a handsome man, in his mid-50s, salt and pepper hair and nice build. He smiled at me as he came through the door.

"Sorry, didn't mean to disturb you but your Dad had asked me to drop by and see how you were doing."

"Fine," I said. "Just enjoying the pool."

"It is a scorcher today, isn't it," he replied. "You look like you're enjoying yourself."

"Well, do you have to get back home or anything? Dad has a spare pair of trunks in the pool house. Why not come on in?"

"Sure, if you don't mind," he said almost sheepishly.

"Nah," I said, I would enjoy the company for a while."

Little did I know that an hour from now what we would be doing together.

Lance dove into the pool, back stroking across the pool to me. He smiled as he got closer to me. 

"Can't believe Dad told you to check on me," I said. "It's not like I'm a kid anymore."

"I know James, but you know how your mother is. She just wanted to make sure you were okay," Lance replied.

By now I had made my way to the steps of the pool, my head laid back, soaking in the sun. I thought I had caught Lance glancing at my crotch, but wasn't sure. And much to my own surprise, I felt my cock stir at the thought of it.

'Feel like a race?" Lance asked. "Why not?" I replied and took off ahead of him.

Much to my surprise he caught up with me, his powerful arms slicing through the water like a knife. When we finally got back to the shallow side of the pool, I was quite out of breath.

"Where did you learn to swim like that?" I panted, trying to breathe normal.

"I swim about a mile a day or so in the lake, helps keep me in shape. The problem is not your stamina, but your form. Here let me show you."

Lance came up from behind me, grasping my arms and straightening them out to show me what was wrong with my technique. I felt his hot breath on my neck as he talked to me, and his hands running up and down the length of my arms and shoulders. It wasn't long before my cock was at full attention.

"And then you twist your torso like this..." I heard him talking to me, though I could barely hear him from the blood rushing through my ears. 

He pressed against me to show me how to do the stroke, and that is when I felt him against me. 

We both froze, his cock straining through his trunks, pressing at my ass through my trunks. I think he was waiting for me to jump or scream, but I didn't and time seemed to stand still for us.

His hand slowly trailed down my stomach, sliding under the waistband, and slowly stroking my throbbing cock.

"Does this feel good?" he said in a hoarse whisper, pressing his cock harder against my ass.

"Yes," I managed to say. "Please don't stop."

He slowly kneaded and massaged my dick, pressing his body ever closer to mine. I was in a world of pleasure and confusion. Nothing would have made me stop him, but there was a little part of me that couldn't believe that this was happening.

With his other hand he slowly worked my swim trunks down, then untied and let his trunks down. There we were, naked in my pool, the water feeling almost intoxicating against our bodies. I could feel the veins of his dick against me. It was not very long, but VERY thick.

His cock felt so good pressed hard against the cheeks of my ass. He slowly started sliding it up and down, while he reached under and gently scraped my balls with his nails.

"Would you like to do more?" he asked. "Would you like me to lick your cock, make you cum?"

I shuddered at what he was saying to me. I wanted him very badly, and I wanted to feel his mouth around my cock.

I turned to him and looked into his eyes. He grabbed my ass hard and pulled me to him, thrusting with great lust his tongue deep into my mouth. I hungrily accepted this invasion, thinking of what was coming, his mouth on me. It took my breath away.

I felt his cock against mine, and it took all my power not to cum right there, but he slowly and gently pushed me to the edge of the pool, never stopping the kiss for a sec, his large strong hands kneading the cheeks of my ass.

I climbed on the steps, and looking back and remembering the lust in his eyes made me realize that I wasn't going to make it out of the pool. On the second step, he plunged his mouth on me. He licked the shaft up and down, his tongue lapping at the head. He lowered his head further, lapping at my balls. 

Lance took a finger and slowly slid it into my asshole while he continued his assault on my dick. It was an incredible feeling and I could feel my balls starting to tighten in anticipation. 

"I'm going to cum soon," I managed to gasp out. Lance just smiled at me but never for a second stopped sucking my cock.

"OH GOD, HERE IT CUUUUUMMMMMSSSSS!" I cried out, my cock erupting like it was on fire, load after load pouring into his hungry mouth.

I lay there, my head back on the cement of the top stop while Lance continued to suck me. I was in such heaven I didn't know what to do.

He crawled up to me, his still hard cock rubbing against my semi-hard one. He kissed my chest, lovingly licking my nipples and nibbling on my neck. 

"That was incredible," I said. "Can I do the same to you??" I asked, eager to try my first experience at sucking a cock.

"No," Lance said, taking my hand and leading me towards the house. "Let's do something else..."

(To Be Continued)