 Late into the night, we were drinking Vodka, the buzz was feeling good. We were battling at Mortal Combat on Nintendo.

"Sonya Wins" the machine shouted out. I laughed and mimicked the line. 

It drove him crazy that I would play the female character in the game since I was 5"11, 210 lbs and not feminine at all. He was 6'2", 225lbs. We both were male male male but we had a certain soft spot, if you will, about us as we soon found out.

He offered to turn on the spa so we could have a few more drinks and relax in the cool night air amidst warm bubbling water. I agreed that would be fun since my thumbs were starting to go numb from holding the controller so hard. A good soak would help he offered.

We stopped playing and sat on the couch flipping through channels to see what was on as it was already 1:00 a.m. We found an old movie and sat watching it waiting for the spa to get hot enough. After about 10 minutes he got up to, what I thought was, check the spa but returned in about 10 minutes with a robe on and the belt to it loosely tightened causing the robe to slightly open as he walked back into the room. I must say I was intrigued by this. 

I thought he might say it was time to hit the spa but instead he said, "I want to ask you something but I don't want you to get mad or stop being my friend it is kind of a strange question or maybe a request would be the better word . . .." and as he went on I was just looking at him wondering what he wanted to ask that needed this kind of lead in since we had been friends for quite awhile.

I told him that it wouldn't matter what he asked we would still be friends and I think underneath it all I knew what he wanted to ask and I wanted him to ask it. He finally bluntly said "Can I suck your cock." I didn't waste a minute and as quick as he asked I responded "Only if I can suck yours." He smiled. I smiled. He opened his robe and although we had gone to the gym together I had never seen him hard, he was now. 

No matter how much fantasizing, watching gay porn or web pornsites I was in awe of his cock as he opened his robe. I know he wanted to take me first but our positions, me sitting on the couch, him standing above me, didn't allow it so I took full advantage, taking his cock in my hand giving it a little stroke up and down getting a feel for it, it's girth, length, softness. As I rubbed him he seemed to grow a little more he put his hands on my shoulders and slowly moved my face towards his cock. He didn't have to do much pulling as my face went directly to his 7 ½" cock which was standing straight up not out. I kissed the very tip which caused his knees to buckle a little and I knew I had him in my grasp. I continued kissing and licking his slit tasting the precum slowly oozing out. 

He then grabbed my shoulders and pulled me up to his lips where I kissed a man as sensually as I had ever kissed a woman, my knees began to get weak, this was an incredible sensation. We finally broke the kiss and he went down on his knees and all the way down kissing my chest, nipples, tugging them lightly with his teeth, an incredible sensation shot through me and if I wasn't hard enough I became harder or at least it felt that way. He made a little moaning sound causing me to moan also. He continued his descent down my stomach, through my bushy hair around my cock until I felt his breath on my cock his breathing becoming faster, mine faster and his lips touched my cock, a man's lips for the first time touching my cock and it was good. He wrapped his lips around my cock slowly moving his mouth and tongue down my cock all the way to the back of his throat he moaned the whole way, a good moan. I was in heaven and I told him I had better sit down or I would fall. He said "We had the rest of the night and all day tomorrow why don't we take it slow and do it right." I agreed.

I hated for him to move his lips off my cock but as he rose he kissed every bit of me and took his hands and rubbed my ass cheeks and slipped them in between them rubbing up until we were face to face starting another long sensual kiss. When we broke he slipped out of his robe and I slipped completely out of my clothes. Naked we walked to the spa which was now nice and hot. The bubbles, cool night air and a couple more drinks made us feel great as we slowly lowered our bodies into the water. The jets felt good. The kissing felt better as I reached over to feel his cock which was even better. It was an experience like no other.

As we sat in the hot water with the jets shooting their relaxing spray neither one of us speaking. I assumed he didn't know what to really say and neither did I so I took a drink and moved over towards his body taking my hands and tracing them along his body. He laid his head back and let his lower body rise up making his cock rise out of the water. I moved towards him taking it in my mouth this time making sure I was not going to let go till I had his cum down my throat, I was determined. I started kissing and licking his slit again but now I was ready to take his manhood deep inside my mouth and all the way down to its end. I moved my head slowly down getting used to his size and my throat reflexes. I moved up and down a few times moving lower and lower with each downward motion. He was now moaning loudly and trying to keep his whole body above water I moved my hands underneath him to help him stay afloat and to also touch his ass. To make it easier, I moved between his legs kissing the length of his cock and taking each of his balls separately into my mouth. My hands were exploring his body under the water as he lay sprawled with his arms spread, head tilted back and eyes closed mumbling my name, soft, sensual and sexy. As I took him in my mouth this time I took him down his shaft, gagging only a little before being able to lower myself faster and faster over his stiff cock. His body began to jerk a little and his cock was starting to throb I knew this was the time of truth. I was ready for it. He murmured that it would be okay if I didn't swallow, I just mumbled not letting his cock out of my mouth that I was doing this ready or not and with a couple more slow moves up and down and then moving faster then slowing down driving him crazy he was in such ecstasy that when he blew his load I took most of it with only a little dripping out of the sides of my mouth. The taste wasn't at all what I thought, it was good and a little salty. I didn't let his cock fall out my mouth until he softened a bit and then I lowered him under the water to let him rest I was so amazed that I did it and that it was so good I was a little mad I hadn't tried it earlier in my life. 

He laid back and smiled his big smile taking me in his arms kissing me and touching me. The water was warm and relaxing. We broke our kissing and he got out of the water his cock still semi hard pulling me by the hand leading me to the spare bedroom I was staying in. He laid me on the bed and began kissing me then taking his tongue and dragging it down my chest, tugging lightly on my nipples which responded quickly becoming hard. As he traced down my body with his tongue his body was rubbing my cock which was as hard as it had ever been. He would just look up at me with a smile. He finally arrived at my cock which was ready with precum almost gushing out of my slit. He took a long lick the length of my cock, then putting his mouth over my cock taking me in as I did him moving up and down. It was such a great feeling I came so quickly I was a little mad at myself because I wanted it to last forever. He swallowed all of me. We lay there spent, kissing until I finally fell asleep.

When I woke up it was dawning outside. I was laying there alone in the spare bedroom Could I have been dreaming? Was last night just some fantasy dream? I got up to find him. I put on a robe and started to search the house, the television was off, the jacuzzi water was cold, but no it couldn't be a dream, I felt him, I tasted him. I walked into his bedroom where I could hear his breathing and following the sound I found him laying on his back, with no clothes on, and the sheets partially covering him. I was astonished that his cock was semi-hard splitting the sheets open. My cock began to harden immediately upon seeing his gorgeous erect cock. I walked over to the bed slipping the robe off of me as I climbed onto the bed. A window above the bed allowed a little sunlight in as the daybreak began. I kissed his cock and he woke slowly with a big grin and I started to suck his cock and like last night which wasn't a dream it tasted and felt wonderful. I took my mouth off of his cock and moved up his body to straddle his cock with my legs.

He grabbed some lotion which he put on his fingers moving his hands toward my ass to rub on my hole. He slipped a finger in and I arched my back to take it in further, I knew I was ready. Was he? His cock standing hard against his stomach, he laid back down. My ass sitting a little above his cock, I moved back towards him grabbing his cock with my hand to guide it in. I slowly moved his cock to my hole and rubbed it at the opening a little bit to get it nice and lubed. I arched my back moving forward and then slowly lowered myself on him, easing his cock inside me. I took a little bit at a time moving up and down his groans and my moans were making me hot and hard. As I took him about as deep as I could, I felt his cock inside me touching every part of me, my cock was so hard and dripping precum I was in heaven. I moved a few times up and down, I couldn't do it too fast because I didn't want too much pain in such a sensual activity I felt him become harder, and my ass receiving him easier. 

His cock was starting to throb just like in my mouth. I finally raised up almost releasing his cock from ass but then moved myself back down as far as I could and I couldn't believe it his cock touched a part inside me that made me scream out loud with ecstasy. It felt so good as he reached his hand up to my face and said he was cumming I stayed on him moving a little bit to ease out his cum inside me and then he shot a big load inside me. The orgasm felt harder than when I had him in my mouth, his body started jerking and I knew I had him in ecstasy. He shot so much it was dripping out of my ass when I finally lifted from him I was dripping. He laid back and suggest we take a shower so after a little kissing and him telling me what a great feeling it was to take my ass and that it was the hardest that he had ever cum. We got up and went to his shower which was big enough for two.

We turned on the warm water and let it hit our bodies soaping each other up and feeling and exploring each others bodies. He turned his back to me so I could scrub his back. I soaped him up reaching around to make sure his cock was nice and soapy, he was getting hard again. My cock was still hard and he leaned forward a little in the shower as my cock was in between his cheeks. He leaned forward enough for me to guide my cock into his waiting ass which I soaped up really good giving him a finger in and out to make sure he was ready, he groaned and pushed his ass further back, he was ready. 

I entered into him slowly with just the head of my cock, the tightness, the feel of entering him was incredible I was so horny I wanted to just fill him with my cock but I showed restraint as I slowly entered him he would push back into me allowing more of my cock in until my balls were against his ass cheeks. I grabbed the sides of his ass and started moving my cock in and out of his ass which was taking me in easily. I was so charged up it didn't take long and one final push back from him and my cock started shooting inside him he was moaning so loudly I was also moaning.

When I became soft and came out of his ass he turned around and we kissed some more, washing each other all over. He said let's sleep together now. We dried each other off and he led me back to his bed. We laid there kissing until he turned around and I put my arm around him and we fell asleep.