 This is my Centennial story, dedicated with thanks to my partner who came up with the first pairing I ever posted and who set the challenge of the occupations of the characters in this.



"You are behaving like a spoilt brat, Gareth."

"Am I really? Perhaps I have good grounds," Gareth retaliated as he continued to pace.

"Getting a new Anaesthetist is hardly the end of the world. You managed before Ed and you manage when on shift with the others."

"Managing and working well are two different things entirely, Shirley."

"I wonder if it's not more the fact that Vivyan was already selected before you even knew Ed was leaving. He hardly spoke to you the last couple of months. I had no idea he had so much leave banked up. No wonder you didn't know he had resigned until too late. It's a shame," Shirley sighed. " I thought you two made a good couple."

"Shirley, please," Gareth hissed. "I don't advertise my preferences. You know that."

The Nurse Manager narrowed her eyes as the man she considered to be a talented Surgeon and a good friend continued to pace. One of Gareth's undeniable flaws was his determination no one should know he was gay. For almost a year she had known about Gareth and Ed, the effervescent Anaesthetist and the taciturn Surgeon never openly a couple.

Not that it was her place to tell Gareth, but Ed had become tired of being Gareth's secret lover; only spending nights together in hotels, only ever being known as 'My friend and work colleague Dr Barker'. Two months previously Ed had called in all of the leave he was owed and gone away after breaking off whatever his relationship with Gareth could be called. Gareth had reacted characteristically by storming around like a bear with a sore head. He had waited a couple of weeks without hearing from the younger man and then called in leave of his own.

Before beginning his leave, Ed had secretly submitted a resignation, allowing the hospital to advertise for his replacement immediately. Several applications had been received and a new Anaesthetist interviewed and given a start date. Everything all done and dusted while Gareth had been away. Shirley knew the older man disliked change. She also knew he missed his younger...She sighed. She had no idea what Ed had really been to Gareth. 

For that matter neither had the younger man as Shirley was well aware. Finally tired by the secrecy and lack of commitment, Ed had done the only thing he felt able to do. Cut his losses and moved on. He had made an appearance at a leaving party she had thrown for him. Shirley remembered the stunned look on Gareth's face. He had seen the blond with his arm around the waist of an older man, clearly happy, as he had gazed adoringly into eyes that held a mix of love and awe. She was as happy for Ed finding his Mr. Right as she was sorry for Gareth that he was still alone.

She could appreciate Gareth wanting to keep his private life private, but to have kept Ed such a secret she felt had been unfair to the younger man. There was no need to have been blatant about their relationship. It was no one else's business, but Gareth was cautious to the point of paranoiac that his sexuality would become public knowledge and his hard-earned reputation as a Surgeon ruined. Shirley was certain nothing would happen, but her assurances fell on deaf ears. There was little more she could do. Gareth had to accept he was going to have a new work colleague to deal with...and a lonely life ahead of him.

****

Gareth had purposely avoided anything to do with the imminent arrival of the newest addition to the hospital's team. However, he would not be so churlish as to decline an invitation from the Head of Surgery to attend a welcoming party for Vivyan so that everyone could meet in a relaxed social setting.

He meandered around the guests, nodding at some, stopping to exchange a few words with others, before easing himself into the extensive gardens. He took a deep breath, running his hands through his sandy-brown locks. He was no real catch and he knew it. In a way he was surprised that Ed had ever been attracted to him. He was tall, but rangy, never having filled out to any great breadth. His hair was always unruly and his eyes a blue-green that really seemed completely none-descript. He hated small talk and found it hard to mix socially.

It was his pride that he had been so successful in obtaining a place in Medical School. His parents, and he, had scrimped, saved and worked long, hard hours, to ensure his fees could be paid. He had ensured that once he was earning good money, his parents' mortgage had been paid off and they could enjoy their life. However, it seemed he was not destined to share the same happiness that a close relationship would bring.

Gareth had seen one promising young man's career almost derailed when allegations of his being gay had surfaced. He had no desire to fall prey to the same scenario. His private life was almost in a closed vault. He was reluctant to make close friends, he rarely went to social gatherings and his relationship with Ed had been the one shining light in an otherwise cold and drab existence. He had no idea how to change or even if it was what he wanted any more.

Then his maudlin thoughts instantly evaporated at the sight coming towards him. Chocolate-hued tresses meandered down to frame a face of exquisite beauty. Lush dark eyes, holding a hint of amusement, regarded him with equal interest...or so it seemed. He watched enthralled as the full, pink lips curled into a smile.

"Do you always take refuge in the garden?" The question was asked in soft tones, as if speaking to a co-conspirator.

"Quite often," Gareth replied, returning the smile. 

"I'm glad. Although I know I have to go in there soon."

"Not too soon?" Gareth was amazed that the question fell so easily from his lips.

"No, not too soon," came the laughing reply.

For the next couple of minutes, the couple conversed easily, Gareth forgetting his normal shyness that always made him appear so taciturn to those who did not know him. Then the camaraderie was shattered by a single word.

"Vivyan!"

Starting at the shout of the name, Gareth stared as the handsome male responded with a roll of his eyes.

"You found me. I was just psyching myself up for the great round of introductions. I found that when I saw Gareth I recognised him immediately. Ed described you perfectly. He told me a lot about you and him."

Blinking, Gareth stood and watched as Vivyan was swept from his side by his Departmental Director. 'He told me a lot about you and him'. The words echoed in Gareth's mind. Was that why Vivyan had approached him? Had Ed spoken about their relationship? Part of him feared to find out, but another, deeper, hungrier part wanted to find that it was true. More, it hoped to find that the dark-haired, alluringly attractive, young man wanted something more than friendship.

He needed to think.

****

As the first couple of weeks went by, Gareth became increasingly convinced that Vivyan and Ed had indeed discussed him at length. Vivyan seemed to be able to anticipate his every need in the operating room and the lush eyes seemed to hold unspoken promise and desire whenever they locked gazes unseen by others. 

He had planned this evening meticulously. He had selected a five star hotel. It was not one he had taken Ed to. In deference to the fact that he had never openly acknowledged his relationship with Ed, he had always chosen a four or five star hotel in which to spend the night. At first Ed had been thrilled by the experience, but if Gareth was honest with himself, he had known the novelty had worn off within a few months. Particularly when the younger man had come to realise that this was the only way he would spend a night with Gareth.

He picked a suite, rather than just a room. He could afford it. He had booked a table for two in the hotel restaurant, ensuring it was discreetly situated. Vivyan had accepted his invitation for dinner and drinks. They would have the meal in the restaurant and then retire to his suite. He glanced around the comfortable lounge. A bottle of Bollinger and two champagne flutes were encased in an ice bucket. There was a second bottle in ice in the bedroom. Since Ed and Vivyan had discussed him, the beautiful brunette would know exactly what Gareth would expect from their relationship. He felt his shaft thicken at the thought of the slender man spreading his legs in invitation. 

Perhaps one day he could be open about his sexuality, but not for a few more years. Not yet.

****

As they sat and chatted, Gareth could feel his erection strain against his zipper. The sight, sound and scent of the younger man was feeding his arousal and desire even more sumptuously than the food and wine fed his physical appetite. Fleeting caresses of fingers made his sex throb and Gareth knew he had never felt this level of connection with another before, not even Ed. 

"Would you like to come to my room for a nightcap?" he smiled at Vivyan.

"Love to," the brunette replied.

As the champagne was consumed, the intimacy grew. Firstly, fleeting caresses of fingertips as if testing the waters. Then stroking of face, shoulders...then kissing. Chaste brushes of lips becoming deeper, wetter, more demanding. Shirt buttons mysteriously opened and hands found bare skin and begging nipples.

There was nothing hesitant about the next kiss. Gareth knew what he wanted and took it. His tongue snaked its way into Vivyan's mouth and his arms went around the other man's slender waist, pulling their bodies flush together. He gave a mental grin as the brunette moaned into the kiss, winding his arms around Gareth's neck. Their tongues found a perfect rhythm and their bodies fit together seamlessly. 

"Bedroom?" Gareth rasped as he panted in the aftermath of the searing kiss.

"Yes," Vivyan husked.

The bare skin of their upper bodies pressed together as they meandered to the bedroom. Vivyan was lost in the eroticism of Gareth's furred chest rubbing against his already highly-sensitised nipples. As they reached the doorway, he was pressed against the wall with Gareth's thigh between his legs and he could not help but rub his aching length against its solidity. As Gareth kissed him again, Vivyan moaned and pushed his hips restlessly against Gareth's leg. 

As they entered the room, Gareth's hands went to his waistband. He flipped open the button and then slowly pulled the zipper down, deliberately teasing his soon-to-be lover. He watched as Vivyan whimpered, reaching down to rub at the bulge tenting the grey slacks he wore. Gareth's eyes were riveted to Vivyan's hand, following its every move as he pushed his pants and briefs down in one move. His eager flesh sprang free, curling towards his stomach, long, thick and already glistening with pre-come.

Vivyan began to undress with shaky hands as Gareth stroked himself slowly. Unintentionally he partially tuned away from the older man as he bent forward to remove his pants. He grinned as he heard Gareth moan. He straightened slowly, caressing himself. He laughed as Gareth pounced, steering both of them onto the bed in a tangled heap with the taller man on top. Vivyan found himself with a pillow under his head and Gareth between his spread legs. The brunette groaned, arching his back to rub against the older man. 

Bending down, Gareth kissed Vivyan again, moaning into the brunette's mouth as arms and legs came to wrap around him. He broke the kiss only to start kissing a trail down Vivyan's body, stopping to nip at an erect nipple. He heard the choked sound from the brunette's throat.

"Gareth," Vivyan gasped. "I'm so close."

Lifting his head, Gareth licked a finger and teased Vivyan's defenceless nipple. He used just the barest of touches and then pinched both peaked nubs. He grinned as Vivyan came, a soft cry on his kiss-swollen lips as his seed splashed hotly against both men's bodies.

"You're beautiful when you come," Gareth said, his voice tinged with awe. He reached to where he had left condoms and lube. 

Vivyan frowned. He was not sure how he felt that the supplies were so handy. It was something to discuss later, but for now he could hardly complain when he wanted to make love with the attractive, older man and had no such supplies himself.

Gareth put a condom beside Vivyan on the bed and poured some lube onto his fingers, getting them slick. He reached down between lithe legs and the brunette spread them further to give him better access. He heard a soft moan when his fingers found Vivyan's tight entrance and circled it predatorily. He teased across the tightly-furled entrance, pressing gently and withdrawing, giving a feral smile as slender hips arched upwards as Vivyan sought to take the tantalising digits inside. A soft sigh accompanied the finger pressing inside tight heat. Taking the brunette's lips in another breath-stealing kiss, Gareth replaced one finger with two. 

Groaning, Vivyan felt his shaft slowly resurrect. He rubbed against Gareth as they kissed. He watched as Gareth added more lube to his fingers and then delved inside him with three. He felt the initial, uncomfortable fullness, then Gareth crooked his fingers and he forgot all else. White-hot pleasure surged through his body and he arched off the bed with a cry. 

"You like that?" Gareth queried, knowing full well his lover had. The reaction had been electric. He could only imagine how hitting Vivyan's sweet spot when inside him would feel. The brunette was incredibly responsive.

"Yes," Vivyan panted. 

The older man was diligent in his preparations, ensuring the brunette was adequately stretched and slick. He occasionally brushed over his prostate to keep Vivyan's arousal at an almost fevered pitch. Once satisfied he could do no more to prepare the slender male, he pulled on a condom and lubed it, spreading Vivyan's legs wider to accommodate his body. He positioned himself at the portal that glistened so enticingly. He claimed his lover's lips in a searing kiss as he slowly pushed in until fully sheathed. 

"Are you okay?" he asked, waiting for the younger man to let him know he could move. 

Vivyan nodded, shifted his hips and groaned when pleasure surged through him. 

"You can move," he assured, smiling. 

As Gareth began a gentle rocking motion, Vivyan pulled him into another kiss. Their tongues danced while he relaxed around the desired intrusion. When the older man started to thrust in deep, even strokes, hitting the brunette's sweet spot repeatedly, it made Vivyan man moan deliriously. He ran his hands over Gareth's body, learning the texture of unknown skin and the strong muscle beneath. He relished the groan as he found and tugged Gareth's helpless nipples.

The older man sped up the force of his thrusts when Vivyan found his nipples and pinched them. He reached between their heated bodies and grasped Vivyan's neglected shaft, pumping it with firm, sure strokes. He bent down to kiss the brunette, pulling on his lover's hard, hot rod in time with his thrusts. Vivyan's head began to thrash from side to side. 

"Close, close," Vivyan chanted. It was all his pleasure-fogged brain could manage.

In response Gareth gave a couple of hard, deep thrusts before he buried himself to the hilt inside Vivyan groaning loudly as his orgasm crashed through him. His seed jettisoned freely, filling the latex sheath that separated them. 

It was all Vivyan needed. As he felt Gareth coming inside him he gave an inarticulate cry. His back arched as his over-stimulated shaft spilt wetly over Gareth's hand.

For long moments the men lay simply recovering from their intense releases. Gareth moved first, easing himself from the brunette and quickly disposing of the condom. He ambled into the bathroom and washed himself thoroughly. He came back to stand in the bedroom door, a towel wrapped casually around his waist.

"Bathroom's yours," he said conversationally. "In the morning I'll order Room Service and then you can leave before me." Even as he finished speaking, Gareth felt the temperature in the room drop several degrees.

"Excuse me?" came the chill voice. "Am I to understand you don't want to be seen leaving with me?"

"You know you can't," Gareth blurted. "You said Ed had talked you about me. Surely he explained..." A choked sound from Vivyan's lips stopped Gareth's words and he stared as the younger man drew up the covers as if trying to shield himself.

"Ed and I discussed you, yes. He told me what you would expect of his Anaesthetist."

Gareth stared as Vivyan's already pale face turned several shades paler. 

"It was you. I don't believe it. You were the one who broke his heart. To think I was so excited at the prospect of working with you." 

The laugh was a sharp, brittle sound, with almost an edge of hysteria, and it seemed to pierce Gareth's heart. He watched, unable to move, as Vivyan abandoned the bed.

"I don't know what you mean," he said desperately. "Ed left me."

"He left because it was breaking his heart, being treated like some kind of dark secret you were ashamed to be seen with in the light of day. He told me he was leaving and why and I immediately put in for the post. He never said you were the man who had treated him so badly." Vivyan was now almost fully dressed and heading to collect his shirt and jacket. He stopped to look back at Gareth, clearly trying to keep his emotions under control. "I can't leave for at least six months. In the meantime I will do my job and be completely professional. I expect nothing less from you. I don't want to talk to you or see you other than in regard to cases and patients."

The front door closed behind the departing brunette. There was no dramatic slamming, despite Vivyan being clearly distraught. It was the quietness, the deliberateness, the finality of the action that seemed to send the icy tendrils throughout Gareth's frame. He was suddenly so chilled he began to shiver. Ignoring the iced champagne, he hurried to the mini bar and pulled out the whisky he found. Not caring of its make or vintage, he poured it into a glass and tossed back half of its contents in one swallow. 

Tears sprang to his eyes and he coughed, the burn not really affording him the warmth he sought. He sipped at the amber liquid again. Was that really how Ed had felt? That Gareth had been ashamed to be seen with him. He finished the drink and headed towards his bedroom. He stopped at the doorway and stared inside. The sight of the rumpled bed instantly brought back the memory of Vivyan writhing beneath him and the pleasure they had shared. He grabbed a pillow and the top cover and turned back into the living room. 

He settled himself on the oversized settee. As upset as he had been when Ed had refused to see him again, it had no comparison to the pain or the emptiness he currently felt. How did Vivyan get in so deep so fast? The question spun around in his brain, but there were no answers. He would have to wait and see what happened when they next met.

****

"What do you mean Vivyan won't be my Anaesthetist?" growled Gareth angrily. He could not believe that he would not see the younger man. He had carefully rehearsed a speech for their meeting.

"Exactly that, Gareth," Shirley growled back. "He came in and swapped his next two rosters where he was due to work with you. It will be another three weeks before he's scheduled to partner you again. You're just going to have to work with Mike. What's the problem? You've worked with him before."

"Nothing," Gareth snapped. A part of him was trying to believe Vivyan was being petty by changing his shifts, but another reminded him that the brunette had been genuinely upset when...last time he saw him. Gareth firmly shoved aside the vision of Vivyan in his bed. It was not something that would ever be repeated and that thought gave him a dull ache in his chest. "It's nothing," he repeated as Shirley stood, eyebrow quirked as if disbelieving him. "Personal," he added.
