 Its taken several years of reading some very hot stories on here to start submitting some of my tales. This, like most will be, is 100% true.

I had grown up like many people in a small town. Believing that porn was bad, and that you should wait until marriage to have sex. But somehow that never really satisfies the curiosity of a teenage boy. I had a few girlfriends, but hadn't had sex or even a BJ from any of them. One of them had given me a hand job, but never completed the deed. Needless to say I was looking forward to my first BJ with some great anticipation.

When I headed to college, things with my girlfriend went south. I took to porn like a fish taking to water. This was right when some great porn was getting out there, thanks to high speed internet. Now I was a sophomore in college and started reading more and more literotica stories. Some were pretty hot, and then I stumbled across one that had a mistaken identity leading to a guy getting blown by another guy. Now I'm not attracted to men, but the thought of having someone suck my dick was pretty appealing.

One night, my roommate was out of town, so I hopped on the computer and discovered this adult chat network site. It had over a dozen channels you could go in, anything from girls4girls to daddy's room and some weird kink stuff in there as well. This was a pretty great discovery, if only for the fact that I could pretend the person on the other end was a woman masturbating just as much as I was to the idea of fucking around.

As anyone who has tried to go into a chat room and find a woman to cyber with can attest, the pickings were very slim. So I moved to the next logical step, which was just letting anyone talk to me about sucking my cock.

This led me to another website that only had gay chats. After only one night of chatting on this site and being turned on by the thought of getting my cock sucked I found a guy "mattieact" who not only lived in the same city, but was in the same dorm as I was, just two stories down. He wanted to meet up, but I was so nervous I said no.

This went on for several weeks, until finally I had a day where I didn't have class for a few hours and agreed to meet him in the showers for a BJ. 

The shower area had 8 stalls, all with their own private curtains and concrete cubicle areas. The only way to really get caught would have been for someone to open the shower up on us.

I agreed to meet him at noon, telling him I'd be wearing blue jeans and have a blue towel. I waited until 5 minutes after I was supposed to be there, my nerves definitely getting the best of me. Then I decided I just wanted to see what he looked like. So I wandered down, just to have a look and take a piss.

I walked in and saw a towel hanging up in there and a guy just walking up and down the shower isle. He looked right at me and asked if I was "9long" and I nervously said yes.

My next move surprised myself, as I walked down and into the last shower stall. We turned on the shower in the stall opposite us to keep people away from our end (people were usually good about not showering next to/across from you if they didn't have to and we were the only ones in there)

When we were both in there, I unzipped my pants and he dropped to his knees. I will never forget that feeling of him taking my cock into his mouth for the first time. His tongue licked my shaft, his warm hands caressed my balls. I couldn't help but let out a little moan. Then he went to town, it was clear that he had been incredibly horny. His head was bobbing up and down faster and faster.

As I leaned back and enjoyed this sensation, I tried to think of things that would keep me from cumming. He started running his hand on my chest and I looked down at him and knew I wouldn't last another 10 seconds. I couldn't help but be cliche' and announced that I was cumming. He squeezed my balls and kept going, never taking his mouth off my cock, merely looking up at me. I looked to the ceiling and dumped more cum into his mouth than I knew I had in me. He kept swallowing as I needlessly reached down to keep his head on my cock. 

He wanted to keep sucking, but my cock was so sensitive already, and my knees were weak. I thanked him and then hurried back to my dorm room.

Sadly, I never had the chance to hookup with him again before he left college and moved to Florida. It did, however, open me up to a lot more fun experiences that I'm sure I'll be sharing later.