 Please note that a condom was used during the penetration involving myself and the stranger, something I have omitted in this version of the story. Safe sex guys, always.

***************

The back of our house isn't overlooked, only if the guy next door who rents some of our land is working there do we see anybody. If it's a warm day, we can sunbathe without rushing to or from the beach. Dave, my boyfriend always keeps his trunks on, and if he's there I can go naked as he can keep an eye out for the old man. And him next door. He's pleasant enough and probably wouldn't bat an eyelid but I'd rather he never saw me in the buff.

We knew the old guy and his wife were definitely not at home as they'd asked us to look after a few chores, feeding their chickens mainly, which took us about half an hour and as the sun came out, we lay in the back garden with a bottle of cheap sparkling wine, well chilled, and both of us stripped naked to get some sun on our bare arses. It was a great feeling, lying their nude and feeling the warmth beating down, bronzing our butts. And truth be told, our cocks too as we were so sure of our privacy we could lie on our backs too, getting some sun on our smooth torsos and, after the cold winter, try to brown the whiter areas of our skin that we'd only managed to expose on holiday 2 months previous and were starting to fade. Dave's cut cock, freshly shaved, even unexcited, looked tempting and my own grew a little with the warmth, the relaxing buzz from the wine and maybe from some of the naughtier thoughts of where the afternoon might lead.

I too had shaved my balls and cock only the day before so knew the lack of pubes and body hair would offer no protection from the sun but wasn't concerned as it wasn't that strong and we were turning over regularly. Neither of us burns easily.

I was dozing and thinking about a whole mixture of how nice the weather was, how fortunate we didn't need to work this day and so could enjoy it... and how we would enjoy it later having horny sex. The last time, in fact the only previous time we'd done this as our neighbours weren't away very often, I had to hose down the patio afterwards as it was the first time Dave had pissed on me. It was something I'd pestered him to do many times at the beach, without success so when he stood over me unannounced and showered me in his pee, it took me too long to register what was going on and I only managed to get my mouth round the end of his dick for the last tasty drop.

He stood up and went to get the rest of the cheap champagne from the fridge, deciding as we had drunk more than half that he might as well just come back with the bottle and top up our glasses. As he stepped out of the back door, I had rolled back on my stomach and could see him walking towards me with his cute little cock hanging and swinging loose and was torn whether to enjoy the sun or ride it. However, we hadn't seen much sun for a while so I decided I'd soak up some more, finish the wine and ride his cock in an hour or so when the warmth of the afternoon had faded.

I looked up as he was stood almost at my head and he spoke but I didn't catch what he said. However, it wasn't me he was in fact speaking to and so, with the bottle in front of his modesty, he was in fact having a conversation with somebody on our land that we rent to the neighbour and adjoins his. It turned out it was a plumber who had called to give them a quote for a water pump from their outbuilding to the chicken shed to replace the hosepipe the old man got out and rewound on an almost daily basis. 

I remained face down so we must have been quite a sight, me laid on the ground with my arse towards the plumber and Dave stood facing him, clearly starkers too but with a half full bottle of cheap fizz obscuring the view of his cock. I turned my head a little but had to almost lie on my side to say hello and catch a glimpse of the guy.

"We're just making the most of the sun as the neighbours aren't in, if you fancy a drink with us you are more than welcome," I said. The reason I said it was because he was reasonably attractive and I wanted to see his reaction. And Dave's. He hesitated, as I would have expected, before saying how kind of us to offer him a drink and that as he'd finished for the day having worked for the last 3 just a couple of streets away, he was passing and called to measure for the quote before heading home and that he wasn't in a rush. 

I studied him a little more, he was wearing pretty standard black and grey workmen's trousers, a tight white t shirt, he was slim with dark hair on his head and possibly chest judging by his hairy arms, clean shaven but with a day's growth, brown eyes and a fairly big nose. I would say his family was from a Mediterranean/ Latin origin. 

"Chair or towel?" I asked him and he said a towel would be fine so I stood up to get another as well as another glass, leaving my cock-shy boyfriend stood there naked, still holding the bloody wine. I returned quickly with another towel and a glass, this time my cock swinging freely as I stepped out of the house. I handed him the empty glass and then spread the towel out so the three formed a great big covering of the slabs on our paved area, all quite warm from the sun above. I looked straight into his deep brown eyes and he smiled and I couldn't help but smell his sweat, something I love. Not stale and dirty but from that day's labour.

I sat back down on the new towel at one end and Dave filled his glass before sitting at the other end, leaving just the one between us free. It's a strategy we've used before and does mean even if our company doesn't undress or doesn't play, they know the (unspoken) offer is there and we can compare notes about what we've both equally seen afterwards.

So he told us his name was Gerard, he'd been self employed for 13 years almost since he left school, he was single and lived about 10 kilometres inland from us. As he was telling the story, he removed his shoes and socks, then his trousers before sitting on the towel in his briefs (black and tight) and his tshirt. I lay down again, on my back so he could- or had to- see my cock and Dave remained sat up. He sipped his drink as he spoke before also getting ready to lie down. He raised his arms to put behind his rough labourer's hands behind his head, causing his tshirt to rise and I took a peek at the size of his bulge and the amount of hair he had between the bottom of his tshirt and the waistband of his briefs. I also took advantage of getting a good deep breath of his masculinity from the damp underarm and could see the hair protruding from the short sleeve of his tee. I guessed he didn't use a deodorant, something else I like in a guy who showers regularly. 

After 10 minutes or so, Dave poured the last of the bottle in to our glasses, only giving us about an inch each and Gerard would have protested as he was driving but for the fact there was so little. The small amount in the sun and shelter of our garden caused his face to redden a little and I guessed he was hot as he removed his tshirt too, leaving him there just in his sexy but unbranded underwear. He smiled coyly as I looked at his chest, firm and his body hair was trimmed. Nice nipples too, medium sized and dark coloured, something I thought as my cock stirred a little, that I could suck on for a while...

He turned over and his back was smooth, his butt looked quite muscular too in the briefs, and he took a last gulp of his drink. Our glasses were all empty and I rose to put them all out of the way, forgetting I had a semi. Dave noticed and I think Gerard did too, he just smiled at me sexily.

"You guys never worry about burning?" Gerard asked.

"Not this time of year," I said but he had a point, we have both once burnt at the beach in high season before now, with work and one thing and another, sometimes sunscreen gets forgotten. I told him he probably wouldn't burn much being olive skinned but he corrected me and said it happens if he isn't careful.

"And black absorbs the heat so you won't burn, just cook in those," I said, tugging at the leg of his underwear just where the base of his butt cheek met the top of his leg. He looked me straight in the eye, didn't say a thing, remained face down too and then removed his pants. He then placed his hands under his face and I caught another sniff of his armpits, so when he turned away from me and faced Dave, I raised my head to check out his arse (slightly hairy and very shapely) and take a deep inhale of those natural masculine scents. Wow, with the total nudity of the 3 of us, his testosterone aromas drifting my way and the buzz of the drink, I couldn't help but grab one of those cute hard little ass cheeks.

"You'll be fine," I said "but we've cream if you want it." I then thought better of it and wondered if I'd overstepped the mark so took my hand away but he rolled over on to his back, I wanted to check out his cock straight away but decided I'd check out Dave, predictably checking him out.

Gerard had returned his hands to behind his head and was buck naked in between the two of us and his cock was... hard. Almost flat against his stomach, a solid six inches, cut too like Dave. Beneath, his shaven pink nuts almost shone in the sun. I pointed to Dave to go tend to his cock as I leaned over and licked his armpit, tasting and then sucking those hairs so he was wet with my saliva. I was loving it and my own cock was rock hard, throbbing with each beat of my pulse. I looked down and Dave was sucking his cock and playing with his own which was glistening as the first of his many drops of precum arrived.

I moved from his armpit to nipple, sucking it gently, and back again and then kneeled and moved so my knees were at the back of his head, leant forward and started to drink in the sweat from the other side, again alternating once I had cleaned the day's sweat from there to his nipple. I never saw him open his eyes yet but he had a great beaming grin on his face.

Dave stopped and lifted his head, Gerard's cock thwacked against his stomach as it popped out of Dave's mouth and I moved down and took over. Dave disappeared but we know each other too well, he'd gone for the poppers and lube. He returned and stood over me so I stopped now and looked up at him. He had a look in his eye I'd only seen once before and his hard on had subsided just a little, so I took his cock in my mouth whilst slowly stroking Gerard's and was almost immediately rewarded with a mouthful of second hand sparkling wine; flat, warm, slightly salty and no fizz that I could taste as I swallowed like the piss slut I am. Not a drop was spilled fortunately as some guys hate the stuff and I didn't want Gerard to be put off- but equally such an opportunity was quite rare so I drank as much and as fast as I could.

When Dave had stopped pissing, I straddled Gerard with my arse over his stomach, Dave was behind me kneeling between his legs and back to sucking his cock. As he did so, I opened the lube and applied some to my arsehole before Dave stopped sucking and knelt upright. He placed his hands on my waist either side and lowered me slowly on to the end of Gerard's cock which he had to move into position as it had been solid, parallel with the floor and his stomach. 

I took a sniff of the poppers that I had opened but as we were outdoors in daylight, I didn't keep hold of them but loosely placed the top back on and put them next to me on the towel. I lowered myself a little and the tip of his knob slipped inside me. I stopped a moment, but Gerard raised his hips and entered me further, pushing just beyond my prostrate and I felt the fattest part of his knob head glide over it, causing me to quiver. I took another sniff of the poppers, and offered them to Gerard who was looking straight up at me. He raised his head from the floor and I held them in position so he could take a hit, then passed them to Dave. 

As they kicked in, I clamped my ringpiece round Gerard's shaft and he swelled in girth as his heart pounded his circulation. Dave came round and stood in front of me again as I started to bob and rock on Gerard's dick. I licked the tip of Dave's cock, teasing the precum from his piss slit before taking his entire length in my mouth and throat, in rhythm with what my mancunt was doing to Gerard. 

My own cock was standing to attention all on its own, pulsating with almost every hit of my man spot by Gerard's bell end and as we rocked, I sucked and every few rocks saw an additional lift of the floor by Gerard as he squeezed his butt cheeks together to raise his body by an inch or so, an inch that he ploughed into me.

I really thought Dave or Gerard would shoot first but as he raised himself one more time, without any warning or assistance, my cock shot a string of jizz all over Gerard's stomach as I shouted some muffled vulgarity. This was followed quickly by another and yet another before I had time to feel guilty about coming all over his hairy body, dried spunk can be a pig to remove, it's easy for us smoothies, we practically wipe clean.

Dave saw what was happening and decided he could or would hold back no longer and I did the decent thing and let him fill my mouth with his juices before I swallowed them so none would drip on Gerard. He began to thrust quicker too and his breathing deepened and speeded up so I clamped my sphincter down good and hard, holding him within whilst I bobbed and he thrust simultaneously. I then quickly relaxed so he was gliding in deeper and then almost out before ploughing deeper again, primed and ready to fire. And boy, did he fire. I felt every volumous spurt of his jizz hitting and filling my guts from below. The noise he made was confirmation, if Dave needed any, of the deed being done.

And then we just froze for a few moments, post climax. His deflating cock slid out of my pounded slippy arse and Dave reached over to get some kitchen roll for Gerard's stomach. We cleaned him and offered him the use of the shower but he declined and dressed quickly. We remained naked until he said goodbye, leaving through the garden as he'd arrived, and then, as the sun hadn't yet faded, opened another bottle of champagne. Only this time it was the real thing, a celebration of the afternoon's unexpected twist.