 It was a sure thing.

Almost.

The Cowboys and the Eagles. At Dallas. On a Monday night.

There was no way the Eagles were going to pull this off. The Eagles were about to get crushed. Yet there we were, two Cowboys fans sitting in Eagles territory on a couch watching the game.

And while we watching the pre-game show, a playful bet arose with our girlfriends, both Eagles fans. If the Eagles lost, they would have to eat each other's pussies out. All the way. Screaming orgasms and all. While we sat on the couch drinking beer and watching the action unfold before us.

But if the Cowboys lost, Zach and I would have to go down on each other. In front of them. 

But the Cowboys were not going to lose. It just wasn't possible. Zach and I were lifelong Cowboys fans and they would never let us down. The girls loved the Eagles simply because they grew up here, a suburb of Philadelphia. We were transplants, coming here for college after graduating high school together in Texas.

At half-time we high-fived each other, nearly getting hard for the show we anticipated would follow the game.

But it all fell apart in the fourth quarter. A turnover. Then a long pass. A touchdown. Then a second. Things looked grim.

When the final seconds of the clock counted down without the miracle we both hoped for, the girls stood and cheered.

We tried to talk it away. We weren't serious. We didn't mean in front of you. Maybe we'll kiss it. Put it in each other's mouths. We're not going to cum. But it was no use. They wouldn't budge.

Zach's girlfriend Amy taunted us. They were an odd pair. While he was black, she was a blonde with pale skin and multiple tattoos. He studied finance and she tended a bar. And there was no getting out of this bet gone bad.

We looked at each other. I took a long swig of my beer. "OK, OK, OK. I'll go first."

There was a pause in the air. The girls cheered. My girlfriend Samantha sat on a bar stool near the TV. She had said little as the game came to a close. She was looking right at me with a smile. "Now you'll know what we go through, honey."

Let me help you Amy said, as she pulled unbuttoned Zach's pants and pulled them to his ankles. His cock was big, but not as big as I feared. And it was swelling. He looked at me from the couch.

"Here you go," Amy said with a smile and a Vanna White wave of her hand, "Enjoy."

Zach looked down at me. "I don't want to see this"

He smiled and put his arm over his face. I knelt down between his legs as he spread his knees.

"This is going to hurt me more than it hurts you," I said.

The girls giggled behind me. I couldn't see them. 

Grabbing his cock gently with one hand, it continued to get hard. At least I wasn't going to have to work that part. I stroked it up and down. It felt so unusual. I had never really felt another cock before. They never seemed all that interesting, yet now this one was fascinating. I could hear Amy taunting from behind me, but my concentration was on this beast before me. Having never done this before, how do I make it come as quickly as possible?

I stroked harder, and could feel his legs flex. A good sign. I licked my lips, and like a kid jumping into a cold pool, I went for it. I shoved my head down and slid it until it hit the back of my throat. I heard a moan. The girls behind me cheered. I was sucking a cock.

I pulled it all the way out and did it again, holding firmly the base in the manner I prefer when getting head. Down and up. Again. This wasn't so hard. I felt him squirm. I closed my eyes and pretended to be elsewhere, fucking an enormous woman who had nipples the size of a black man's cock. I felt a bulge in my pants and I bobbed up and down.

The hair on my arm brushed the hair of his leg. It gave us both a shock as it set firmly the reality of the situation and how much we were enjoying it. His arm moved away from his face and he looked down at me as a glanced upwards. Not quite a smile, but an acknowledgment.

"That's right," he said.

He pushed upwards as I increased my bobbing. Saliva covered my hand, still holding the base of his penis. I felt the firmness of his cock and tasted what must have been precum. I pulled it out just as he came, splattering my Eagles jersey with fresh spunk. The girls went crazy. I fell backwards to the floor.

I looked up to see Amy leaning over we with an open beer bottle. She began to pour. "Here you go, my little bitch! You deserve this."

Beer splattered over my face and mouth. I drank what I could catch. My girlfriend, still sitting in the barstool, clapped loudly.

After a long pause I got up, still excited by the energy in the room and knowing that the hard part was done.

"OK, my turn."

I got up from the floor and sat on the couch next to Zach.

"Dude?" I asked.

"Dude," he replied.

"Let me get you started, too," Amy said as she unbuckled my pants. This action got me instantly hard, and she knew it would.

Zach took his place between my knees without hesitation and looked up at me. "This never happened," he said.

I closed my eyes as he took it in his mouth, almost like a snack. It was different than I imagined. You could tell it was a man sucking. The breath was heavier. The tongue so course. He began groaning, like he enjoyed this. I wondered if this was the only cock he had ever sucked. 

Amy cheered him on. "Suck it! Suck it dry!"

He licked the shaft and resumed sucking. His fingers spread across my abdomen, holding it down.

"Come on, bitch," Amy yelled at him.

She moved behind him and straddled  his back with her legs. She ran both hands through his short cropped hair then forced his head down on my cock. It thrust to the back of his mouth. It felt great. She held it down, allowed him to come up for air, and did it again. Wow, she's one tough bitch, I though.

I had avoided looking at my girlfriend, fearful I would lose my boner, but as Amy bucked up and down on Zack, I could see her in the back, still sitting on the barstool, with her cell phone out. I wasn't sure if it was pictures she was taking or video, but it caught me by surprise. 

Amy pushed Zach's head down again. I looked up to see my girl staring at me through her phone. She was smiling and waving slowly. It was video. No one else could see.

My hips began the thrust faster and the tightness in my sphincter let me know that I was about to cum and it was going to be big. I looked up, wordless, in an attempt to tell him I was about to cum. Amy, instantly recognizing my reaction, leaned in on top of Zack's head and forced him down.

I came deep down inside him. His entire body bucked as she rode him. A burst of air came out his nostrils. She yelled into the air like a rodeo cowboy, "Yeahaa!"

She lifted her body with just her legs and Zach fell backwards, grasping for air.

Samantha closed her phone and slipped it into her pocket.