 Author's note: This is erotic fantasy and completely fictional. The main character, Jack, is a fictional, generic social media star / influencer, and is not a real person. As always, would love to get feedback in comments and messages.

*****

"Hey everyone out there on the interwebs. It's Jack here, back with another video!"

Jack is sitting in the Airbnb in LA in front of his camera on the tripod, completely naked except a black jockstrap. It was only last night that Jack got drunk for the first time, brought a man home, and decided to broadcast it on Snapchat for all to see. Now his career is dead, he's cut off from his family, and he has no hope of paying his mortgage. 

So when, the morning after, the man offered him an allowance to do as he says, what choice does he have? And the man's first instructions were this video.

"Welcome to my new life! That guy from my Snapchat story you all saw is my master now, and he has some new ideas for what I'm going to be posting from now on. No more Youtube, no more ads, just me posting here, serving my true fans as I explore a bunch of new, kinky things!"

His "true fans" used to be mostly teenage girls, but he has the feeling now that all his viewers were going to be of the creepy-older-men variety. In the last twelve hours he's already gotten thousands of messages from guys around the world, sending winky faces, calling him a slut, and demanding he post more sexy Snaps.

Jack stares into the camera. While this should bother him, he's found himself constantly turned on by everything. Even now, he's nervous and embarrassed, filming a video in a jockstrap to post online for free, and he's rock hard. He's bringing his usual positive energy and big smile to the video.

"Today we're going to start simple! I got a present from my master just for the occasion... surprise!" He whips a medium-sized dildo into frame and it bounces back and forth, "I've never had anything in my ass before, but we're gonna give this bad boy a go today together."

That's the end of the intro. "How was that, sir?"

His master was standing out of frame, watching the whole thing with a smirk.

"Doing great you slut. I knew you were hardwired for this, look at how hard your cock is twitching," and he laughed condescendingly. Jack couldn't argue though - it was true, this felt natural and right to him.

"Okay let's get your money-shot set up. If people loved that grainy clip from last night wait until they see you in HD sprawled on the bed."

They move to the bedroom, and Jack sits cross-legged on the bed while the man sets up the tripod at the tail-end of the bed. He clicks it on.

"Hey! Okay so I'm kind of nervous about this, but I've actually been really... turned on all day," Jack finds it really difficult to talk about sex. He's had twenty-one years as a wholesome boy, trying to be proper and stay on the right path. But now his path forward is to tap into whatever part of his brain is pumping blood to his dick, and he's doing his best.

"Get on all-fours and show the world your ass, boy!" yells the man abruptly. For a second Jack is annoyed his video is getting interrupted, but then his brain just kind of switches off and he obeys. He flips over on his elbows and knees, sticking his ass up into the camera. He's wearing a jockstrap, so there is nothing to cover his boyhole from the blinking red light. The man had went to shave it before they started recording, only to discover it was naturally smooth. 

"Twerk your ass for us!"

Jack is a decent dancer and knows how to move his hips. He does his best to twerk while he's on all-fours, even though there is no music. Recording videos always feels a bit awkward and silent, but in editing he can add music and effects to spice it up.

"I can't believe I'm really going to edit and post this..." he mumbles into the pillow as he thrusts his ass up and down.

"Okay, let's get on to the show you bitch!"

Jack flips over on his back and pulls his legs up in the air. Now the camera has a clear shot of his smooth asshole, his bulging cock in the jockstrap, and his sweet, innocent, smiling face looking at the camera.

His master climbs onto the bed next to him and runs his hands all over Jack's body. Jack's cock pumps out pre-cum at the man's touch, which is drenching the pouch of his jock strap. In his other hand is the dildo slathered in lube, which Jack eyes with nervousness, although when watching the video later he'd notice how his hole twitched in anticipation at that very moment.

"So you're just a whore who wants something up his ass?"

Jack's brain is in a haze of horniness, and he parrots back, "Yes sir, I'm a whore and I need something up my ass."

Jack, still holding his legs up above his head with his ass towards the camera, feels the wet, cold dildo sliding over his asshole. Then, the man abruptly puts pressure on it and he feels it sliding inside him. He clenches up and yells out.

"Ow! Wait, wait!" he yells out, as he scrunches up his eyes and bites his lip. But then he's distracted from the discomfort in his ass by a sharp slap across his face.

"Boy, you are never to tell me to wait, do you hear me?"

Jack opens his eyes and stares straight into his master's harsh gaze.

"Y-yes..." he says. Another slap across the other cheek.

"What did you forget to say, slut?"

"Y-yes sir."

And with that the man pushes on the dildo again and it slips all the way up inside him. It still hurts, but now it's paired with a rush a pleasure, and his body is tingling all over. On the video everyone will be able to see how he's squirming all over the place, and he actually pushes his hips forward into the dildo more.

"We're going to pause and shoot some close-ups now," the man commands, "I want people to see you from every angle."

Jack carefully gets up from the bed. With every motion he makes he gets a bursts of tingling throughout his body too, but he's careful to clench his ass so it doesn't slip out. The dildo feels huge inside him, but it also feels somehow... right. 

But tasked with the camel angle change, his mind switches back into internet-influencer mode. 

"Sir, I suggest we leave the tripod setup going so we can still switch to that angle periodically, but I get you my handheld camera to shoot from wherever you like."

"Good boy. Go get it," the man says, giving Jack a hard slap on the ass as he waddles out of the room.

Jack finds his bags still on the living room couch from when he got in last night. Since waking up naked this morning, he hasn't needed any of the clothes he brought. He's gone from naked to the jock strap, provided by this master, for filming. He wonders when the next time he'll even wear clothes is.

On the way back to the bedroom with the camera, he pauses at a full length mirror in the hallway. He's barely eaten all day, so his abs are really popping, he showered before they started filming, yet somehow his hair was already a mess and standing up (bed head), and his tight jockstrap was still absolutely strained by his hard cock, which has the pouch absolutely drenched in precum. He wants this badly, and goes backs into the bedroom.

His master is standing up besides the bed, looking as tall, menacing, and sexy as when Jack first drunkenly approached him last night. He's waiting for his boy.

Jack gets him set up with the camera, checking the lighting, and then plops back onto the bed. 

"Let's give everyone a closeup of every inch of your slutty body. Sound good boy?" his master asks.

He then slowly pans the camera around Jack laying on the bed, occasionally ordering him to move ("Put your arms behind your head! Let us see your pits! Good boy.") and then he moves down to his pulsating cock. With a quick move, his master whips off his jock strap, exposing his cock for all its glory. He's five inches and average thickness, and his ball sag nicely, and look really full. Before the shoot the man did some trimming of his pubic hair, which nicely shows off the "V" he has from working out every day. This is the first of many high-def shots of Jack's cock the world will get to see.

After working the jock strap off both his legs, the man orders, "Legs above your head."

Jack instantly obeys. Now his ass is getting a closeup. His hole has successfully swallowed up all of the dildo so that only the base was showing. The man pulls it all the way out, and Jack lets out a loud moan. He'd gotten so used to it that now his hole feels empty, and he's desperate to have it filled back up. His hole stays wide open for a few seconds before adjusting back closed. 

"Look at that hungry hole. What does it want?" the man asks him. The camera is back now to show his face. 

Jack stares right into it and says, "Please fuck me, sir. I'm begging you."

He stands up and quickly strips off his pants and underwear in one motion. His cock springs to attention, and Jack sees it sober and in-person for the first time, thinking to himself, "I don't remember it being quite so huge when I sucked it last night..."

The man hops onto the bed, grabs Jack's ankles forcefully, and lifts his ass into the air. He gets between his legs and puts his cockhead against to Jack's smooth hole. Unlike the dildo that had to be forced, this time Jack instinctively opens up his hole, and pushes his hips forward to start swallowing the cock.

There isn't any fresh lube, but his hole is lined with it already, and the man finds himself sliding in. Jack is in complete ecstasy, as every pleasure sensor in his body seems to be firing off. He's putting on a great show for the camera, twisting his body, driving his hips deeper onto the cock, and yelling out in pleasure. 

The man gets into a rhythm of thrusting and Jack can't believe how good it feels to be used like this. He's never felt this horny in his life, and his mind is blank.

"Time for some new rules, slave. Say 'yes sir' after each one." He's still pounding Jack's ass hard while talking, and Jack is having trouble even paying attention. 

"You to do everything your master says, or else you will be punished."

"Yes sir!" Jack yells out, at the same time his prostate is hit and tingles shoots all over his body.

"Your body is no longer yours. You are a sex toy to serve real men like me, online and offline."

"Yes sir!"

"Everything else you own is now mine, and you will come live with me twenty-four seven."

"Yes sir!"

"I will get access to all your digital accounts, so I can manage all your communications, and get you fan requests to do."

"Yes sir!"

"Wearing clothes beyond underwear is a privilege for you, and you're not to do it unless I give you permission because you're going out."

"Yes sir!"

"Every single orgasm you have needs to be with permission, and filmed for the world to see." 

"Yes sir!"

The man pauses to look down at Jack's smooth, squirming body underneath him. His eyes are closed in ecstasy, and his cock is still hard despite not being touched. "Fuck, you are really hardwired to be a slut already..."

"Yes sir!"

With one more thrust and a moan, the man shoves his cock deep into Jack's ass and starts pumping out cum. He has one of the longest orgasms in his life, and he can barely hold himself and the camera up to film it.

Panting heavily, he slowly pulls his sensitive cock out of Jack's tight hole. He keeps Jack's legs up in the air, and gets a good shot of the cum starting to drizzle out of his ass.

Jack is just laying there, biting his lip and breathing heavily, with his cock still hard. The man slaps him across the face.

"What do you say when I give you my cum, boy?" he yells.

"Uh - yes sir! I mean, thank you sir!" Jack says, seeming unsure.

"Good boy. You're welcome, bitch," and he gets up off the bed to go shower off. As he's walking away, Jack asks, "Um... sir, may I please cum?"

"Yes you may. You've served me well today. But you know the rule, make sure it's shot well on camera, because it's going on the internet too."

"Oh and, remember to record an outro too!" he adds as he enters the bathroom.

Jack slowly lowers his legs. His whole body feels sore. He sits up on the bed some and stares straight into the camera, thinking about the kind of views this video will get. He strokes himself for all of ten seconds before he's exploding, shoots of ropes of cum on the pillow, his moaning face, and finally his chest. He has never cum so much in his life, and it takes him a few minutes to recover.

As he's staring up at the ceiling, with the camera's blinking red light in the corner of his eye, listening to his master showering next door, he's not sure how he feels. 

A part of him thinks this is insane and he should run away now. He can take the cameras with him, and then the only footage of him out there will be the drunken Snaps. He can try and find old friends in LA to crash with, giving him time to beg his parents and girlfriend to forgive him.

But another part of him remembers all the promises he just made, and how amazing it felt to make them, and serve a sexy man. Maybe this was what he was hardwired to be.

He sits up in bed, which makes the pools of cum all over his body start running down back towards his soft cock. 

He takes a deep breath, puts on his classic Jack smile, and says, "Thanks very much for watching! If you liked this video remember to give it a like and subscribe. Jack, out!"