 Author's note: This is erotic fantasy and completely fictional. The main character, Jack, is a fictional, generic social media star / influencer, and is not a real person. As always, would love to get feedback in comments and messages. What should Jack be made to do next?

"Hey everyone out there on the interwebs. It's Jack here, back with another video! Just a few minutes ago I hesitated when my master gave me an order, and so as you know from my new life rules, that means I need to be punished. I'm not sure what is in store, let's find out!"

Jack is watching his second ever pornography video. Just a few hours ago he hesitated when answering an order from his master, and his punishment was to be paddled over and over on his bare ass and then roughly fucked. He was sitting at his laptop now doing the editing, ass still red and raw, his stomach growling from not eating all day, and his cock still hard from not being able allowed to cum. 

But he had orders to get out this video before dinner, and it was already five o'clock. After this full watch-through, it seemed to flow well and be error-free, so he started uploading to XVIDEOS again. His video from last night has surpassed millions of views and is being written about all over the internet. "Famous internet influencer Jack has been fully corrupted, being naked and fucked in his latest video," reads one article he saw. Now the internet is about to get something more depraved.

He hasn't heard from anyone from his past life since they yelled at him yesterday morning. He thinks about his girlfriend, well actually - ex-girlfriend - hearing about his video and then looking it up. Would she watch it? They had never even had sex before because they were saving themselves for marriage. She must be so pissed his virginity is now gone in a day, and to a man.

But his cock can't lie, and it's absolutely rock hard and dripping as he watches the upload progress bar go across the screen. He wonders if he'll ever become desensitized to the exposure, but for now the nervous heart-racing translates directly to excitement, and he's edging it on.

"Hey slave, how's it going?" his master says, walking out of his bedroom. He's wearing nice clothes - a button-up and pressed slacks. It makes Jack feel extra naked.

"Good sir, the video is done and the upload is almost complete."

"Great to hear it boy! You had a lot of messages requesting you getting your ass punished, so I'm sure it will have a lot of views."

"Yes, sir, I hope so."

"Looks like you're still horny after everything," he says, noticing Jack's pulsing cock tucked under the table. He reaches out with his palm and gives it a few slaps. It hurts, but Jack is so desperate for touch and release that he lets out a few moans anyway. His master smirks and then goes and starts shuffling around in the kitchen.

"I'm really hungry sir," Jack calls out from the table, "When are we eating?" 

"Sunday nights I usually get dinner with some regular friends of mine. But tonight they want to meet you and have some fun, so I invited them over here in an hour. You'll be cooking for and serving us."

"Shit..." Jack thought. He was a horrible cook. He usually just ate out. But he was afraid of disobeying twice in one day, so he just said, "Yes sir, can you help me get started?"

They spent the thirty minutes in the kitchen. Thankfully, his master was helping out and giving direction while Jack did most of the actual labor. The entire time, Jack was nude, his face still covered in cum and cum still up his ass from earlier in the day. He was getting good at taking orders. He chopped up all the vegetables, was shown how to debone a chicken, and then together they prepared it for the oven. Once it was in, he got some new directions. 

"Go take a shower boy and clean up really well. But bring your tripod and record yourself the whole time in there. I don't want you getting any ideas about jacking off behind my back. Then your outfit is laid out on the bed. Be out before six thirty or else."

Jack follows orders of course, setting up the tripod and camera in the bathroom, pointed at the glass shower door, and hitting record. The hot water feels soothing against his skin, and it feels so great to finally get the cum off his face after eight hours. He notices the doucher attached to the shower head and cleans out like he was taught to do last night by his master. 

As he pushes the nozzle up his ass, he feels his cock getting hard again. If it weren't for the flashing red light of the camera, he definitely may start jacking off. He can't believe he's never tried stimulating his ass before, but then again, he had only ever jacked off shamefully in moments of extreme horny desperation in his past life, because masturbation is dirty.

A couple minutes later he dries off and decides to take the camera in with him to get dressed. Maybe he'll use all this footage as a montage intro for whatever his next video is. In the bedroom he finds the tiniest piece of black fabric on the bed, along with a clip-bow tie. He lifts up the fabric to find it's a lacy thong.

He carefully pulls it on in front of the camera. His cock is only half-hard and already it's barely contained inside. He clips on the bow-tie and looks in the full length mirror.

Wow, he's never seen himself like this before. He never had much body hair, and despite constant working out, he never attained more than a toned figure, but he still thought of himself as very masculine in his hobbies, the way he talked, and how he carried himself. 

But now, facing himself in the mirror wearing a lacy thong, he just saw a very feminine, slutty boy. He was suddenly hit with a wave of embarrassment, glancing over at the red blinking light on the camera, instively covering up his bulge. He turned around to see his behind, and was shocked at how girly his ass looked with the thong strap in it. From behind, he looked exactly like the slutty chicks he watched in porn.

His master calls from the other room, "Boy, get your ass out here! They'll be here soon!"

He scurries his ass out the door, camera in-hand.

------

Over the next ten minutes five men come over and Jack greets each of them at the door. "You just even sexier than in your videos," one of the men says. Another grabs his ass, hard, as he walks in the door. Jack smiles at everyone and offers them beers like he was told to, so eventually they were all seated in the living room, kicking back and drinking.

Jack checks on the oven, just a couple minutes to go... when he's called in from the other room.

"Why don't you sit with us," one of the men says, patting the space between two guys on the couch. There isn't much room, but Jack squeezes his bubbly ass in. He has to put both his legs over the men's legs on either side of him, which spreads apart his own legs and pushes out his bulge. Aware they're all staring at him, he feels himself start to get hard.

"Do you like beer, bitch?" someone asks.

"I've never had one sir. I've only ever drank wine. First with my mom on my 21st birthday, and then the other night."

The other night, when he got blackout wasted, approached his master at a club, and first got himself into this mess.

"Here, take a sip," and Jack tries the beer offered by the man next to him.

"Ugh," his face flinches up, "That's kind of gross, sorry sir."

His master starts laughing, "Figures a pathetic boy like you wouldn't like beer. Go to the kitchen and fetch the handle of vodka at the bar cart. Shots are easier because they go down all at once."

Jack comes back with the vodka in hand. Everyone is silent and eating him up with their eyes as he stands there in the thong.

"Take a swig," his master says.

Jack looks at the liquid inside, kind of intimidated. It's clear though and looks like water, how bad can it be? He opens it up and takes a gulp.

"Ah it burns!" he yells out, as he starts coughing. The men all laugh again.

"Yeah well it's an acquired taste. You barely got any though, take a seat back down and take another gulp."

They spend the next ten minutes with Jack being made to drink straight from the bottle. The vodka is really turning around in his stomach, and he's starting to feel lightheaded, kind of like from the wine. But he says, "Yes sir," each time and follows orders.

He's saved by the oven dinging from the other room. He gets up to go tend to dinner, as the men move to the table.

Jack carries the chicken to the table, wearing just oven mitts, his lacy thong, and his bowtie. The men are all sitting at the table and someone has set up the camera tripod to record the whole dining room. Jack counts the seats realizing there isn't one set for him. His stomach is growling at the smell of dinner in his hands, but not wanting to question anything, he sets it down on the table and offers to serve the men.

Once everyone's plate is full they start digging in. Jack, feeling kind of drunk again, works up the courage to ask, "Um - sir, where should I eat dinner?"

With his mouth stuffed with food, his master just grunts and points with his eyes over in the corner of the room. Jack looks over to see a dog bowl on the ground, filled with some kind of tan liquid.

Getting the idea of what they want him to do, and so desperate to not mess up his chance to eat, he goes to the corner and gets on all fours. He hears some snickering from the men at the table.

Completely humiliated, he pushes his face into the bowl and laps up the liquid with his tongue. It's kind of like a protein shake, but more tasteless. It reminds me of liquified commune wafers from church. At this point though he's starving. It's been over twenty-four hours since he last ate! So he laps up the liquid with his tongue.

"Do you like it, dog?" one of the men calls out.

"Yes sir, what is it sir?" he says, then gets back to lapping it up.

"It's Soylent," his master says, "And I hope you like it. It's a cheap way to feed you and monitor your calorie intake. And I don't want anything you eat to be more flavorful than cum."

Jack hears the men all laughing around the table behind him. He smells the chicken wafting off the table and wishes that were in his bowl instead, but he tries to push that thought out of his head. He's finding it hard to concentrate.

He struggles to lap up the last bit because his tongue barely touched the bottom, but he gets as much as he can, and then turns around (still on all fours) to face the table. He spots the blinking red light on the camera pointed at him and remembers this will all be saved forever.

"Good boy," his master turns around and ruffles his hair from the table, "Did you finish all your dinner, boy?"

"Yes sir!" Jack says, slurring his speech a bit from the alcohol.

"Here," his master says, tossing a bit of chicken onto the floor under the table, by his feet. Jack knows what to do. Desperate for more to eat, he crawls under the table and careful licks the chicken off the ground. It's a tiny piece - barely the taste of it.

"Okay fucker get off your lazy ass and get me another beer!" one of the other men calls out. Jack quickly scampers out of the table, stands up, and goes to the kitchen. He's still pretty hungry, but at least he's eaten something now.

For the remainder of the dinner, Jack is ordered to stand in the corner with the bottle of vodka at his feet, hands behind his head, awaiting orders. Mostly the men ignore him and just enjoy their meal, talking about their weekends and their jobs. At some point his master recounts the whole story of how he "got" Jack, something he's sure the men were filled in on, but they loved hearing all the details of in-person. Hearing himself be talked about in a derogatory way, while he's standing right there in the corner almost naked, makes him feel really humiliated, which somehow made his cock start to get hard. 

Occasionally his master will turn around and order him to take a shot, so by the time they finish eating he's wasted and finding it hard to balance standing up.

"Poor guy, toppling over," one of the men comments. Other give a little laugh. "Yeah," another says, "Maybe we should take him to bed."

His master gives a nod, and the guys all stand up at once and surround Jack. One of the bigger men reaches around him, and then lifts him so he's dangling over his shoulder. 

"Oh boy, he's a dainty one, isn't he!" the man comments, and then he starts carrying Jack into the bedroom. Another man grabs the tripod to bring with them.

Jack is tossed on his back on the bed. It feels good to be laying down, although the ceiling, and circle of men around the bed, are spinning. He's feeling really dazed, and barely registers how the men are starting to unbuckle their belts.

"Do you like serving a bunch of real men?" a guy asks. Jack lifts his head up some to see the man. He's pointing the camera at him with a smirk.

"Yes sir, I've been loving it," he answers.

"Tell us more," his master says.

Being so drunk, Jack just starts talking unfiltered. He rambles for a bit about the first time he caught himself watching a man when he looked at porn, and how he constantly pushed thoughts out of his head about wanting to suck cock. He describes some things he's been surprised by over the last few days, including the constant erections he gets whenever he remembers he has a nude video online for all to see.

"I'm not surprised you like the attention," a man says, "considering you were always such an attention whore online. It's good you finally gave into it all you bitch."

Jack lifts his head again to see all the men have their cocks out and are stroking them. A few days ago, he had never seen another man's cock in person, then it was just his master's, which he's already serviced four times, but here were a bunch more, all hard for him. 

He imagines sucking them and being fucked by them, and feels his own cock getting hard. He reaches down and grabs his bulge in the thong. His master slaps his hand away.

"Pay attention to the men you're servicing, boy."

A man gets closer to Jack and slaps him across the face with his cock. He then hops up on the bed and mounts himself over Jack's chest, so that his cock is consuming Jack's view.

"Open up," he says. And Jack happily obeys.

Once the cock thrusts hard into his throat, the rest of the men seem to pounce. Jack feels his thong yanked off as a bunch of people climb onto the bed. There are hands all over his smooth body and cock. Some of them are running their fingers along him gently, while others are twisting his nipples, scratching at his soft skin, or slapping around his cock.

He's too drunk and dazed to do anything except sit there and take it. In some part deep down the videographer in him wonders if the men are handling the camera correctly and if the lighting is good in the room, but he's too drunk to really care.

He's never been this stimulated in his life. He was having no trouble staying hard, but an orgasm felt a long way off, probably because of all the liquor. He was feeling like a total slut though and not wanting it to end. 

Everything steps up a gear as he feels his legs lifting up in the air. Even though it'd be the third time in a day and his asshole was sore, he finds himself immediately craving a cock filling him up. 

"Please can someone fuck me," he says pathetically, taking the cock out of his mouth for a second. The man mounting him looks angry about this and grabs his hair, forcing his mouth back on the cock. 

A bunch of the men laugh. "You really found the perfect slut here," one says. "His boy pussy is begging for it," says another, stroking Jack's smooth hole.

"Can we give him poppers?" 

Jack hears his master reply, "You can give him anything you want. He's you guys's fuck toy for the night."

Jack has never heard of poppers before, so he didn't expect a small, glass bottle to be pushed under his nose. "Breathe in," the man commands, and Jack obeys, even though it smells weird.

After a few seconds he feels his entire body relax even more. "Your body is no longer yours. You are a sex toy to serve real men like me, online and offline," echos in his now-fuzzy head. Right at that moment, he feels a huge cock push inside him in one go. He's feeling pure ecstasy, and is moaning like crazy while he sucks off the cock.

The man face-fucking him picks up speed along with the cock up his ass. With a deep grunt, the man starts to orgasm, and Jack tastes the cum pushed down his throat. A bit of it dribbles out down his chin. But Jack barely has a second to look around before a new cock is shoved in his mouth.

"Oh yeah you bitch," the next man moans. Just then the cock pulls out of Jack's ass, leaving him feeling empty, and he feels hot, gooey cum spraying all over his abs and cock.

"Ya, get a close-up of his body covered in it. Wow..." the second man to orgasm says, panting. Jack's cock twitches as he imagines the camera getting in close. He can't see anything though except a man's hairy groin as the cock pounds his throat.

The poppers go under his nose again and a new cock has found its way to his asshole. As his mind gets hazy again, he actually starts to blackout from all the liquor.

He goes in and out for a bit, as the men continue to make use of his asshole and throat. 

The next thing Jack remembers, he's awake again and feels confused. He manages to lift his head up and see that he's still sprawled on the bed and alone in the bedroom.

"What happened again, was that real?" he thinks, but then he sees his body, which looks so tiny after seeing these real men naked, drenched in cum and the memories come back to him some. He feels sore and used, but still horny...

Then he passes out again.