 Okay so last time he had just stuck the stogie in my mouth. I was tasting my first puffs of premium cigar smoke and it was good! I took lots of quick little puffs, as if concerned about it being all the way lit, the cigar moved up and down in my mouth. I saw it jutting way out in the middle of my peripheral vision, and thought, hey, wow, I'm smoking a cigar. And I LOVE IT! Joe smiled at me and chuckled a little, this action angling his cigar up and jiggling it, and after a long, contemplative draw pulled the cigar out of his mouth and said through a cloud of fragrant smoke, touching my shoulder "c'mon, let's go." 

We drove around town and saw the sights of the beach and the rest of the town, which took about an hour (since it's kind of a small town and we weren't stopping anywhere ). I felt excitement at finally meeting and smoking with him simultaneous with feeling... just so comfortable with him. We enjoyed each other's company, he gave me pointers on how to smoke my cigar, told stories of his experiences that I was all ears for, and encouraged me in my college studies and career goals that I talked about. In a strange way, it was almost... fatherly, as twisted as that may sound, or like a big brother. At the same time we were on the same level, buddies. 

Sometimes Joe held his cigar in his hand along with the steering wheel, but more often, due to needing his hands free for driving, he had it clenched in his teeth. Though I found cigars attractive overall, I especially found it hot when a guy had it in his mouth with no hands. Though the car's windows were down- it was a nice July afternoon with some clouds in the sky, so it wasn't sweltering- it was getting pretty smoky in the car. But it was an environment I liked. Throw in us wearing suits and drinking beers (or maybe, I thought, later Joe will introduce me to a "man's drink" like Scotch) and it would be perfect. 20 minutes into the ride I finally got a long enough ash and he counseled me to tap it off into his car's ashtray. I was happy to follow my big bro's instructions and absentmindedly wondered if he would have any instructions of a... different nature for me later. 

Finally we got back to the hotel- as Joe had reassured me, it was smoking-friendly, apparently more and more a rarity in this day and age- "can't a man kick back and puff on a good cigar in his hotel?" he complained, although somewhat jokingly.

I made a suggestion: from the car to the hotel room, the cigars never left our mouths, we puffed all down the hallway, leaving a trail of smoke. Smoking cigars kicks ASS!, I thought. A few people gave us dirty looks, but I didn't give a fuck, we were badasses! I felt like my cigar was carrying me along in a cloud of confidence and manliness! Me and my buddy Joe were invincible with cigars in mouth!

In the hotel room (fortunately, a smoking room, of-fuckin-course) Joe indicated an ashtray I could put my cigar down in- my long-ass cigar had only been half-smoked! No sooner had I put it down and blown out an epic cloud of smoke from my most recent puff than suddenly Joe pulled me to him, cigar in hand, and kissed me passionately. I was surprised, but very pleasantly. Neither of us had specifically talked about romantic overtones of our friendship before, but it was clearly boiling under the surface- as evidenced by all the compliments back-and-forth online and in person on our ride. 

He chomped his stogie back in his mouth and opened a suitcase (he had checked in before meeting me) and handed me a pair of swim. "Here Doug, why dontcha' put these on?" he said around the stogie chomped in the center of his mouth, which jiggled with every word. 

I swallowed. Today's surprises just kept coming. It was one of those barely boxer-brief-sized swim trunks that were navy blue with a white edge and a few white stripes down each outer side along my thighs. I went to change in the bathroom, looked at myself in the mirror and felt sexy in it, except a little embarrassed about my slight gut. 

I came back out into the main room and Joe had changed, and I feasted my eyes on his uncovered torso for the first time. He had a six-pack and well-developed pecs, but more importantly to me, a V-shaped torso, with big wide shoulders going down to a comparatively thin waist. Not to mention his thick neck that evoked stereotypes of football players or musclemen. And, to top off his body which was like a tower of manly beauty, his black high-and-tight with gray temples, dark brown eyes you could get lost in with just a few barely noticeable crow's feet, and, jutting out of his mouth, right above his strong square chin, his smoldering stogie, still jutting about 6 inches upward and outward from his mouth, and its round shape seemed to fill it just right. He smiled as I walked back in, his cigar angling further up as he did. I shyly put my hands over my stomach.

He reassured me that he had his pick of guys back north, but he was here to see me, and I was good-looking just the way I was, but if I was interested he said he could help me work out and get the body I wanted. 

I said maybe so, not thinking how he would do that if he didn't live here. 

He saw my boner- couldn't help it- and said in a low, growling tone, "I wanna touch you, buddy". 

I nervously whispered, squeaked more like, "ok" and he put his meaty hand at the small of my back, and slid it into the top of my trunks, reaching down until he was holding onto my left ass cheek. He squeezed it a little. His face was about an inch from mine, the cigar clenched in his mouth held out to the side, nearby my ear. In my peripheral vision I could see the ash glow orange as he puffed it in the somewhat dark room. I could feel his fingers under my trunks slither toward my ass crack. I was so excited, I could barely move. 

He said, "ok what, kid?" 

I ventured to guess..."okay, sir?". This was really exciting. Smoke from his cigar was curling in the small gap between our faces and I coughed a little. I tensed up briefly, then relaxed as I felt one of his fingers touch my asshole, then slowly enter. 

"Yes sir. You say 'yes, sir', to me, kid." 

"Yes sir". The first knuckle of his finger had passed into my asshole and then the second. 

"You've got a nice ass, kid. Nice and round. A bubble-butt." 

"Thank you sir." I opened my mouth a little and he puffed cigar smoke into it. I savored it a moment and puffed it back out. 

He started to put the tip of his middle finger in me! I didn't protest or anything, I loved it and wanted more! The cigar was way over in the corner of his mouth; with the rest of his mouth he carefully kissed me. With his free hand, he took the cigar out of his mouth and put it in the nearby ashtray. A third finger entered me. Then he slowly shoved all three fingers in deeper, until he was almost at the bases of the fingers. 

"Nice, tight but flexible, hole" he mused, grinning. He took a beer from the table next to him, the same table with the ashtray. He must have got it out of the hotel room fridge and opened it while I was in the bathroom changing. He took a swig of it. I was still standing right up to him with his fingers in my ass. "Want some, boy?" He held the top of the bottle up to my face and sort of caressed my lips with it. 

"Yes please, sir." He poured some into my mouth and I eagerly swallowed. I had never cared much for beer but now that it was being offered by this man it was like nectar of the gods. He wiggled the fingers in my ass. He took another drink and as he swallowed, contemplated me. He laughed a little. He grabbed my cigar from the ashtray and put it in one corner of my mouth, then poured more beer in the other corner. "Let's see if you can handle both at the same time, little buddy." I could, but almost dropped the cigar out of my mouth. I clenched it tight and took a puff. He said, "if you don't mind my saying so, you look good, so hot, better than your pictures even."

I said, "thanks but you're the hot one. Your body is in such good shape." 

"You like my body, kid?" 

"Yes sir." 

"Well wanna see more of it?" 

"It would be an honor, sir."

"Are you sure you want to see the rest of me?"

"Hell yeah, sir!" He rewarded my eagerness by moving his fingers suddenly in my ass, which felt awesome. I gasped. Then he took them out, which was disappointing. 

He said "on your knees, buddy." I obeyed, even though I was a little nervous about what I expected next. I'd only sucked dick a few times and wasn't really into it, thought it was gross, though I did like receiving it! However, at this moment, I felt I wanted to do whatever would please this hot, authoritative man! He pulled down his own trunks and put his hand on the back of my head. I contemplated his 9 inch cock, thick around as a beer can, it was a little hard already. He said, cigar back in his mouth, "suck it.". 

I sucked and sucked, loving how his dick felt in my mouth, how it tasted, the heights of ecstasy I was bringing Joe to as indicated by his gasps and moans of pleasure and the ever-increasing hardness of his dick. I bobbed my head up and down on it, careful to always cover my teeth with my lips. This was amazing! I was so absorbed with giving Joe the best damn blow job ever nothing else mattered. 

In this moment the most important thing in the world was just to suck, and suck, and suck.... His meaty hand on the back of my head guiding me, his groans got louder and louder and closer together. After about 10 minutes he pulled it out and I felt warm liquid squirting all over my face. Joe sat down on the edge of the bed, grunting, "good job, buddy. Good fuckin' job" No one had ever facialed me before! Usually they pulled out and jizzed on their stomach. However, if any man was going to do this to me, I wanted it to be him. I had always thought of facials as kind of degrading, but as he walked me over to the bathroom mirror and I saw myself, I felt a satisfaction deep inside like I had never known before. 

All the jizz covering my face in spurts across my cheekbones and across my forehead, some dripping down my nose and out of the corners of my mouth, some even dripping down the back of my head or down my neck- it was like he had marked me as his territory, and I was proud to wear this man's cum! It felt like the ultimate reward for the great job I had done and all the pleasure I had given him. As we looked at ourselves in the mirror, he put his left arm around my shoulder and pointed at my jizz-soaked reflection with his right hand while simultaneously holding his cigar. "Y'know, buddy, I always thought you were cute, but now- (put the cigar back in his mouth)- you're beautiful." 

I came spontaneously all over the mirror and counter. I had never felt so good in my entire life.