 It's Nick again. I recently found out I'm Bisexual. I discovered it by having two guys, Butch and Steve, catching me watch them have sex in the gym shower after hours one night. Since then I've been their little fuck toy every Wednesday night after our work out.

I'm 5'11", tan, and in good shape. Steve is 6'6", blonde, slender and athletic and Butch is also 6'6" with red hair and the body of a professional body-builder (which he was).

One night after our Wednesday work out, we all headed to the showers to clean up and get to business fucking me. 

Butch said to me with a kid's grin, "Are you ready for a surprise, Nick?"

"What kind of surprise?," I replied, somewhat puzzled.

"I won't say until you're sure you want it", Butch said, his boyish grin getting bigger.

"I'm curious now", I said, "I want to see this surprise."

Steve led me over to one of the shower stations. They were the kind of showers the stood on metal columns in the shower room, each had four heads. He wrapped my hands around the column and Butch slapped handcuffs on my wrists so quickly that I didn't even see it coming. I ended up on my hands and knees just to stay comfortable.

"What the fuck is this?!" I demanded to know.

"Get ready for your surprise, Bitch!", Steve and Butch said in unison, with a glee in their voices that told they knew what was coming.

I was nervous, I'd never been trapped like this before. I looked over sand saw Butch sit down on the floor and spread his legs. Steve knelt down and proceeded to suck Butch's monster cock. Despite my predicament, I couldn't help getting a hard on watching those two studs going at it.

That's when I noticed someone walking into the shower room. He was about 6'3", his skin was as black as night and had a slight glistening quality to it. He had a smooth, bald head with hazel eyes. He was muscular, like a football player and completely naked. His cock was even more massive than Butch's oversized tool. I had a feeling that this was my surprise. 

"Adrian my man, what's up?" Butch shouted.

"I'm here for my birthday present, and it looks like ya'll didn't even bother wrapping him up!" he yelled back. 

"We're just saving you some time," Butch replied.

"I'm gonna love working this bitch over," Adrian said gleefully.

He knelt down behind me and pushed the head of his cock against my anus. I was scared now, there was no way that was going into my ass without any lube. He pressed a little harder and I could feel my asshole give a little, painfully.

"I'm gonna fuck the shit out of you boy," Adrian told me.

"Go ahead and fuck him now!" Butch cried with an evil joy.

"Yeah, fuck him he likes it rough," Steve added, in between stroking Butch's cock with his mouth.

Adrian pushed a little harder. I gasped at the thought of taking this black god fucking me dry. My asshole gave a little more and it hurt a little more.

That's when he pulled away. He stood up next to me and presented his cock to me. He started slapping my face with that thick, uncut monster. It felt heavy as it pounded against my face.

"I can't fuck you until you suck my cock Bitch!" Adrian demanded.

I opened my mouth and Adrian shoved his cock in to the hilt. I gagged as he held it at the back of my throat for a few seconds (that felt like minutes). He pulled out a little and then started slowly pumping my mouth as he grabbed my hair and used it as a handle to force my head back and forth to meet his strokes. The head of his cock always rested for a second deep in the back of my throat at the end of his stroke. 

I had trouble breathing, it hurt when he pulled my hair, and I loved it! Butch and Steve had never fucked me like this. 

Adrian started slapping my ass. It stung as he made contact repeatedly.

"Suck it Bitch!" he yelled.

I groaned as he pushed his cock deeper into my mouth.

Adrian started talking, I didn't catch everything, but it was usually him telling me to suck his cock and telling me how much of bitch I was. He also continued spanking me with increasing force.

Adrian picked up the pace while he was fucking my mouth. He grabbed both sides of my head and pounded my face harder as his breathing picked up. I knew what was coming, he was going to shoot a load from that massive cock deep into my mouth. I couldn't wait.

He started groaning and I could feel his dick twitch as he approached his climax. Finally, with one last groan, he pushed his cock deep in my throat as it started to shoot jets of cum down my throat. I loved the feel of that hot liquid forcing its way down my throat. There was so much that it gushed out of the side of my mouth and he finished pumping my mouth. I could hear Adrians groans and wails echo eerily in the ceramic shower room.

"Did you like that?" Adrian asked.

"Yes," I said in a low meek tone.

"Are you sure motherfucker?!" Adrian screamed, "I can't fucking here you!"

I nodded yes.

"If you liked it, I would have heard you scared, white ass!" Adrian continued as he slapped me.

"You had better pipe up," Butch said, "He doesn't like to feel unappreciated."

"It was great! I love your cock and I want more," I finally piped up with force.

"That's more like it," Adrian said as he knelt behind me.

I could see him lubing his cock up, then he reached a finger down to my ass to apply some grease. He rubbed my anus with his big index finger and finally pushed it all the way in. My ass gave way easily as he started finger-fucking my ass.

"I'm gonna like this tight ass boys!" Adrian said to our audience.

Butch had Steve flat on his back with his legs high in the air and was fucking him now. Steve was moaning while Butch pounded him hard. I knew how good Butch was and could tell Steve loved what Butch was giving him. I watched Butch's cock slide in and out.

Adrian finally pulled his finger out and pressed his cock against my anus. It felt huge as he pushed his head in. I wiggled my ass around his cock-head and hear Adrian moan with pleasure. He pushed in more, inch by inch, slowly until he had the entire thing in my ass. It felt like it was going to shoot into my abdomen it was so big.

"Yeah, boy!" Adrian howled, "That is a tight ass!"

He started pumping my ass and went into a quick pace within seconds. He made sure to his entire length moved through my ass as he sped up. My shoulder was being beat into the shower column as he started fucking me hard, fast, and wild. He switched between moaning and making sure to tell me I was his bitch. 

I looked over and Butch was still working Steve over. Pumping him fast and hard. Adrian grabbed my neck and held me in place as his ferocious fuck job continued. I was groaning and wiggling my ass around that huge, wonderful shaft. It seemed like his pace continued to pick up, even though it didn't seem possible. He was a beast driving into my ass with a wild abandon. It was pain and ecstasy at the same time. 

I glanced over and saw Butch and Steve stand up and walk to either side of my face and starting jerking off. Butch came first, exploding with white hot bullets of cum that splattered on my face and even hit Steve's cock and belly. I reached over with my mouth and licked his head as the last jets of cum spurted slowly out of his cock and onto my chin. That's when I felt Steve's load hit my ear as I turned to face him. Ropes of thick cum splattered onto my face like a joyous milky shower. I licked up as much as I could as he slapped my mouth and chin with his depleted dick.

Adrian started fucking me harder at the sight of this and I was moaning loudly as I could feel my cock approaching it's climax. Adrian's cock was like a trigger as it pressed deep into my ass. I moaned and yelled as Adrian continued to assault my ass. My cock finally let go and dribbled cum right out onto the floor. I wanted to let go completely, but I had no control until Adrian drove his cock into me with so much force that it pushed me down off of my knees and my head hit the shower column. My cock let go and shot its whole load in about two or three spurts. I couldn't believe he was able to do that as I fell chest first onto the floor.

Adrian didn't stop fucking me either. He pressed his chest against my back and kept fucking. He started getting faster and shallower with his strokes. I knew he was ready to cum he finally let go with one last push deep into my ass and let go another massive load. It felt like he shot a hot stream through my body as his cock twitched and spurted in my ass. 

Adrian rolled off of me. He was covered in sweat and his cock still looked hard.

"Damn, he's the best fuck I've ever had," he said.

"We told you so," Butch added, "I take it we'll see you next week?"