 It was a hot summer's evening in South Kensington and I was sitting in my room in our Catholic student hostel. I'd just broken up with my girlfriend and was feeling alone and depressed. The thumping heartbeat of a disco came from the basement. There was one every week. The music got on my nerves at times like this. There are two things I can do, I thought. I can sit here and be miserable, or I can go down there, get pissed and maybe hit it off with a chick. I chose the latter.

Down in the basement it was dark and stuffy. The air was thick with the smells of beer, cigarette smoke, sweat and human passion. Beneath the flash of disco lights a mass of heads bobbed up and down in rhythm with the crashing beat. I was too shy and depressed just to plunge into the middle of them so I stood by the bar and downed several beers, one after the other, eyeing up the girls. This was the age of the miniskirt. There were more girls than boys, and many were dancing barefoot with each other, their feet intersecting, their toes twisting on the floor, their long, graceful legs bending and thrusting forward, sometimes between the legs of their partners. My cock swelled. Some were dancing alone. I caught the eye of one of them, a cool, slender leggy blonde wearing a tight, silvery miniskirt. I went over to her and asked her to dance with me.

So there we were, bobbing away to the tune of The Police's 'Message in a Bottle'. We moved closer to each other. I placed my hands on her hips then began running them back over her buttocks.

"Don't do that," she said. 

"Why not?" I asked.

"I'm a nun," she replied, smiling sweetly. 

"A WHAT?"

"A nun." She drew out a cross from between her tits to prove it.

So there you have it, I thought. This was the Seventies, of course, the age of the 'liberated' Church. The dance ended. I thanked her and went to get another pint. I downed it in one. I just had to get out of there; I'd never had any luck picking up girls at discos anyway. There was always some silly answer as to 'why not?', although I'll never forget this last one.

Outside on the street it was cooler - at least in comparison with the basement. A few people stood around, taking a break. I lit a cigarette. There was a guy there, a dark-skinned Asian type with close-cropped black hair, dressed in tight blue jeans and a brown leather jacket. I knew him by sight. I'd often seen him around the hostel, though I guessed he didn't live there. He was about my height, slim and very good-looking. I caught his eye and went over to him.

"So how's the disco?" he asked. 

"Boring."

"Let's go round to my place and have a beer."

"Sure."

Anything to fill the vacuum.

He lived just round the corner, in a small bedsit at the very top of one of those large typical terraced houses in South Ken. The room was hot, darkly-lit and smelt faintly of incense. There was a futon on the floor, and beside it, an old, battered leather sofa. He went to a small kitchen alcove and pulled a six-pack out of the fridge. 

"Want some dope?" he asked.

"OK."

We sat on the sofa and guzzled away, sharing a joint and talking. Our studies, religion, Life, the Universe and Everything. His name was Chad. He was an engineering student at IC. I was studying music at the RCM.

We got more excited and giggly, and our talk inevitably drifted to girls. It seemed he wasn't having any more luck in this area than I was. We edged closer to each other.

"Do you have a girlfriend?" I asked.

"There was this girl. She shagged me once, then disappeared."

He'd been very upset. He'd built a small altar to Krishna, but had smashed it in a rage. It was hardly the Krishna's fault, I suggested. It was just that the girls were so snooty. 

"Never run after a girl, or a bus," I told him. "There's always another one coming round the corner." 

He laughed when I told him the story of the swinging nun. Girls were a bad lot, we decided. Male friendship was so much better. Men understood one other better. Men knew how to love each other better. We were perched on the edge of our chairs now, our faces so close we could feel each others' breath.

There was an awkward silence, a sudden tension in the air. Chad looked away and stared at the floor. Then he glanced up at me shyly.

"Do you want to try this homosexual thing?" he blurted out.

My heart thumped. I felt a hot flush at the back of my neck and a quite unexpected surge of lust. I'd had crushes on a couple of boys at my single-sex school, but I never thought I'd go so far as actually doing anything with another guy. I'm not gay! But then why not try it? Man-to-man body contact? My cock began to uncurl and thicken at the thought.

"All right," I croaked.

"Let's take our clothes off then."

My heart pounded away as we stood up and stripped, casually tossing our clothes together in a heap onto the sofa. First jackets, then shirts, revealing hairy chests and stomachs. Off came shoes, then jeans. We peeled off our socks and threw them on top of our shoes. Clad only in our briefs, we paused and glanced at each other, grinning nervously. My eyes ran over his broad shoulders, his chest and stomach, his slender waist, his almost feminine hips, his thighs and legs, then on down to the floor, where two pairs of long, bony bare male feet stood planted apart facing each other, toes digging into the carpet. Would those feet soon be touching during homosexual contact? I was almost shocked at how aroused I was, and I could see he was excited too. There was a telltale bulge beneath each pair of briefs. 

This was the moment. At this point we were still just two friends relaxing together in a hot room, wearing just our briefs, right? But once they came off - well, that was something else. We'd have crossed the Rubicon. Who was going to get naked first?

"Both together on the count of three." I suggested. " Ready? One - two - three!"

Whoosh! Down and off they came. We tossed them on top of the heap of clothes and stood with our legs apart, two men face to face, naked together. 

Our eyes ran over each others' bodies. I'd been naked with other boys in the showers at school of course, but never alone and in private like this. I'd never felt so totally nude, so exposed, with my bare, white body facing the bare, brown, hairy body of another man; a man with whom I was about to exchange body fluids. Two thick, uncircumcised cocks, brown and white, jutted out like flagpoles from bushes of pubic hair, their moist tips just inches apart. I caught odours of pheromones and sweat, plus a faint whiff of freshly-bared feet.

"Our feet smell." I sniggered.

"Oh you're so romantic!" he sighed mockingly. We burst into giggles. Our shyness evaporated.

Hands on hips, we thrust our stomachs out and swayed from side to side, grinning lasciviously like a pair of tarts. We twitched our cocks at each other.

"Oh man, what a pair of whoppers!" I ventured. We spluttered with laugher again.

"Is this your first time with another guy?" he asked

"Yes," I admitted.

"Mine too."

We closed in on each other.

Words cannot describe the electric thrill I felt as we ran our hands over each other, feeling the light brush of body hair on each other's skin. A man's body has a totally different feel to that of a girl's, harder, firmer, but warm and brotherly. Our cocks touched. We drew back our foreskins and rubbed our glistening purple helmets together. This was something I'd often fantasised about doing with boys I'd had a crush on - and here I was, really doing it! 

I felt his toes brush mine. In a thrill of lust I hugged him tightly and kissed him, sucking on his tongue. I ran my hands over his smooth back, reaching down to the cleft between his curving buttocks, and rubbed his feet with mine. Two naked guys snogging! But it felt so natural. It was an extension of friendship - a mutual giving of comfort. Somehow this was the real me, secure, masculine, able to share affection and passion with my friend without any of the mind games we're forced to play with girls.

We were both breathing heavily now and sweating. I felt a huge climax swelling up. I clasped him tighter and began thrusting my body against his. We staggered about, feet between feet, almost losing balance.

"Not yet Paul, not yet," he gasped. "Take it easy - let's do it nice and slow. Here - let's lie down for a moment."

I held myself back and we lay down together on the futon, side by side. I was getting desperate - I wanted to have it off with him as quickly as possible, fearing he might back out at the last moment. But he calmed me down, making me lie quietly beside me while he caressed my chest and thighs.

"You have a beautiful body, Paul," he whispered. "So milky-white. So creamy. Like Christ."

"Your body is beautiful too, Chad," I replied. "Strong and sweet, like brown sugar. You're Krishna and we're two brothers, brown and white together." I glanced down at our feet, sticking up like cacti at the bottom of the futon, the inside pair touching. Our pricks were stiff as cucumbers.

"Let's love each other," I whispered, and moved to roll on top of him. He gently pushed me back.

"Shhh, soon! For now, let's just be Christ and Krishna in love," he said. "Let's lie here and feel eternity flow around us." He rubbed the tip of my cock with his forefinger.

But I wanted something else to flow. I grasped his cock and gently pumped my hand up and down. He arched his back and gasped, then slumped back.

"Oh all right then," he sighed. "Look, you can do whatever you want with me. You can use me like a woman if you like..."

"I'd like you to use me like one." I replied. "I want to know what it feels like to be a girl. Come here..."

"All right then."

I opened my legs, reached over and gently drew him over on top of me. I thrust my cock between his thighs, just under his balls. He grinned. Laying his cock between our stomachs, he gripped mine between his thighs, clasped my buttocks and began thrusting back and forth, grunting theatrically. I clutched his sweating back and panted in rhythm with him, trying not to giggle. Was this what it was like to be a girl? I felt the weight of his warm, hard body pressing down on my chest and stomach, his thighs pushing my legs apart, the jerky power of his thrusts as we rocked back and forth together.

"How does it feel, babe?" he breathed into me.

"Oh man, this is fantastic. Give it to me, Chad! I'm coming! I'm coming!"

He began pumping faster and his grunts grew louder, rising in pitch. I stretched my legs down and felt the touch of his feet between mine, then reached down with one hand to finger the cleft between his buttocks. Oh God! Here it comes! I squeezed his feet between mine and teased my climax up, up, up, up - then... MMMMMMMMMMMM! - we thrust our tongues into each others' mouths, hugged each other tightly and groaned into each others' throats. I caught a glimpse of my spunk squirting high and splattering over his thighs and buttocks and felt the warm gush of his between our stomachs. My heart thumped like a piston and the blood pounded in my head as our cocks throbbed together and our flesh melted, fusing into a single mass - the beast with two butts! 

We rocked back and forth, gently now, kissing each others' faces, sighing and moaning, rubbing our feet together. I'd done it. I'd just had my first orgasm with another man.

"Did you get yours OK?" He asked.

"You're kidding. Couldn't you feel me?"

"Mine was pretty intense!"

"Mine too. Hey, so guess what?"

"What?"

"Christ and Krishna just 'came' together. Now that's ecumenism!". We burst into a fit of the giggles.

A pair of filthy rascals. That's what my ex-girlfriend would call us.

"Terrific fun, isn't it?".

He eased himself off me and we lay together side by side, hands clasped, our chests rising and falling. Before we knew it, we'd drifted off to sleep, cocooned within each other's flesh and shielded, for now, from the world's dark strategies.

I woke up. It was dawn, and the ceiling was unfamiliar. Where was I? I raised my head. To my shock I saw two bare male bodies, brown and white, lying side by side and two pairs of male bare feet sticking up at the bottom of the futon! Oh God! What had I done? I remembered. I'd done IT, that's what! I'd joined that 30% of heterosexual men who'd had 'homosexual contact to the point of orgasm' as the Kinsey Report says.

My first feeling was shame. How could this happen? I'm not gay! I glanced over the raunchy male body beside me, the muscular hairy chest, delicate hips, the large flaccid cock draped over one thigh and pointing towards me, the thick pubic hair. I glanced at our feet again and my cock began to stiffen. I was getting horny, despite myself. Oh come on, I thought, let's plunge right in and 'make sure'. There were certain things I'd fantasised about doing with boys, apart from cock-rubbing. Maybe I could do them now.

I grasped his cock and began to massage it gently. It stiffened and I heard him groan. He awoke, then grasped my cock in turn. I raised myself up, bent over him and for the first time in my life took a male penis between my lips. I began sucking on it. He groaned again and arched his back.

"You going to suck me?" he gasped.

"You want me to?"

"Oh man, I want."

"Would you stand up please?" I said.

He stood up on the futon and braced his legs apart. I knelt in front of him and caressed his heavy balls. I took his cock, gently drew the foreskin back and closed my lips around his thick purple mushroom. I only just managed it. I have a small mouth and his glans filled it totally. He took hold of my head and began thrusting gently back and forth. I clasped his smooth brown buttocks with both hands and sucked steadily and rhythmically, tickling the tip of the glans with my tongue. With one hand I caressed his scrotum and the area between balls and rectum. With the other I reached between his buttocks and gently fingered his butthole. I could taste the salty tang of pre-cum. His thrusts became faster, shorter, he began grunting - louder and louder - then suddenly pulled my head onto his stomach, bent over me and gasped. His cock started throbbing. Dollops of warm cum burst into my mouth. It had the consistency of cream and tasted slightly salty. I sucked hungrily, gulping it down my throat as fast as possible, desperate not to miss a drop. He gave a long groan. My hands flowed down his legs and stroked his feet. Now I'd really done it! Another man's spunk had become part of my body.

I continued sucking away until I felt his cock grow softer, then I pulled back with my lips and released it with a slight 'pop'. We giggled. I looked up at him, then stood up. My cock was painfully stiff. 

"Lie down please, Chad," I pleaded.

"Don't you want me to do the same for you?" he asked. 

"Not yet. Lie down..."

He lay down on the futon. I bent down and lifted his feet in both hands. I buried my face in them, nuzzling, licking and kissing the dark yellow soles, running my tongue between his bulbous toes. The bare feet of a man whose cum I'd just swallowed! I clamped them around my quivering cock and looked imploringly into his eyes.

"Jerk me off like this. Please!" I begged.

Grinning back at me, he gripped my glans firmly between his toes and began moving his feet up and down. Bracing my legs apart, I supported his heels in both hands and thrust my hips back and forth in rhythm with the movement of his feet. I glanced down and saw my moist glans popping in and out between his big toes. A great balloon began swelling up inside me. I teased it up as far as I could till I felt I was going to burst. I popped it. Gripping his feet tightly, I threw my head back and gave an almighty groan, then burst into hysterical giggles as streaks of spunk squirted out in a wide arc between his toes, splattering his belly, cock and thighs. My heart thudded as Chad's raw male nakedness washed through my entire being; hairy chest, belly and thighs, cock, balls, butthole, big male bare feet clamped around my throbbing cock. I never knew an orgasm could be so devastating, so mind-blowing. It seemed to go on forever. The throbbing slowly subsided, my sperm trickled over his toes, dribbled down the soles and dripped from his heels to the sheet. The grip of his feet on my cock became slightly painful. I disengaged them, lowered them gently onto the futon, then collapsed forward on top of him, clasping him tightly and kissing him passionately.

We squirmed and twisted into each other for several moments, kissing, gasping, groaning and rolling about, our bodies slick with sweat. The room was heavy with our shared smell. Before long our cocks had stiffened again. We gradually maneuvered ourselves into the sixty-nine position, clasped each others' buttocks and began voraciously sucking on each others' cocks. Chad was on top. The warm tight suction of his mouth brought me swelling up to the point of detonation and for the second time that morning, wave upon wave of delicious orgasmic fire began crashing through me. Above me I saw a double crescent of hairy buttocks heaving gently up and down, a puckered brown butthole and two thick, hairy balls, pulsing now as warm, salty cream pumped into my mouth and throat. Moaning and sucking sounds filled the room. 

I released his cock, nuzzled his balls, then lifted my face and buried it between his buttocks. I clasped them tightly and kissed his butthole like it was the mouth of a girl, rimming it with my tongue and gently thrusting the tip inside. Oh man, I've really done it now, I thought.

We eventually got up and took a shower together. As we were soaping each other's balls, Chad squeezed our cocks together and began pumping his hand up and down. Uh-oh, here we go again. 

"God, we're fuckin' hopeless!" I laughed.

Chad said nothing, but grinned and kept on pumping. I pushed him back against the shower wall. We hugged each other tightly and kissed. On our toes, feet quivering, we slid up and down against the wall, pushing into each other and panting faster and faster till, with a combined groan, we ejaculated together beneath a splash of bright wet jewels. Jets of spunk spurted out between our stomachs, mingled and dribbled over Chad's hand, then dripped down onto our thighs and feet. The faucet hissed. Shimmering curtains of water cascaded over our heaving bodies.

We washed and dried each other, then made coffee. Still naked, we flopped back onto the sofa and lay there side by side, legs stretched out, feet crossed. We lit cigarettes and began idly fingering each others' cocks. 

"How do you feel?" he asked.

"Fuckin' shagged out man, but just great."

"Me too," he grinned. "Hey, guess what?"

"What?"

"We didn't use any protection."

"Yeah, right," I grinned back. I extended my inner leg and gently stroked his feet with my toes. "So who's gotten who pregnant then, darling?"

He giggled. 

Our cocks had stiffened yet again. We moved closer to each other.

"Let's see who shoots higher," I proposed. "Bet I can hit the ceiling."

"Oh yeah?"

We tangled our legs together and jerked each other off, drawing each others' foreskins back and squeezing each others' cocks for maximum discharge. Amid gasps and sighs, a few final gobbets of spunk shot into the air. About a six inch spurt each, I guessed. The sight of our interlocked feet thumped through my brain as I came. 

We wiped ourselves clean with tissues and dressed, exchanging our briefs and socks as souvenirs of our encounter. Then we went to the hostel for breakfast. As we walked along the street, I felt conscious of the secret bond between us. A pair of filthy rascals. Right. 

"Where have you two been?" one of the guys asked as we sat down..

"Oh, we were up at cock-crow," I replied. "We met up, had a milk-shake and came here together on the 69 bus."
