 18yrs old, tall, slim, fair haired, good looking, and curious, standing at the urinals and reading the sexually explicit grafitti on the wall in front whilst slowly stroking himself to hardness.

This was me many years ago, having given and received hand jobs, the thought of oral and anal was a little scary, and at that time illegal, and seeking a safe way to experiment further was becoming a persistent thought, not realising that today was to be the day.

Into the cottage strolled an old gent, smart, and quite distinguished looking, he took his place a few feet away and whipped out a nice looking cock, but did not pee, just stroked, and looked across at mine. 

This for some reason excited me, and when he moved closer and took me in hand it was electric. Returning the favour he felt nice in my hand, when he said, it is not safe to stay here long, but I live just around the corner so would you like to follow me.

Did I.

Just 100 yards and we were into his home, very clean and smart if a little dated, he asked if I wanted a drink, or if I would like to go to the bedroom, I chose the later and followed him.

He sat on the bed taking off his shoes and socks, then stood and stripped completely, he was slim and trim and walked to me as I realized that I was still fully dressed. He stripped me slowly leaving my pants till last then hugged me rubbing our cock together and feeling all over me, then slowly stooping to lick at my nipples, then all the way down, pulling my pants down as he went.

His hand felt electric on me again, closely followed by that unbelievable first time a mouth took in my cock, I was still standing and my legs went weak and shaky so he pushed me back to lay on the bed. He got on the bed between my legs, and while kneading my arse he sucked me to oblivion, I had never imagined that sex could be so intense, and as i came back to earth I realised that he was still sucking on me, and I was getting hard again.

At that age I could repeat numerous times in short time (oh, the joys of youth) and he asked if I would fuck him. What a question to a rampant youth. He could have done anything without asking at that moment.

He lubed himself and bent over a chair, at the side of the room, I lined up behind him and slid slowly into him, this was much tighter than any of the girls I had fucked (or was ever to fuck) I grabbed his hips and went to town on him as he squeeled and begged for more, telling me it was the best fucking he'd had since he was twenty.

Having so recently come, I was able to fuck that lovely tight hole for 15 minutes.

If I had gone in there first I dont think I would have lasted much more than 3 strokes.

When I came I thought I would never stop, then as he came and he clamped down on my cock I started shooting again as I collapsed onto his back.

As we got our breath back I slipped out of him and we went back to the bed and just laid there, I fell asleep for awhile and was wakened by him sucking me and playing with my nipples.

He had been and made a cup of tea for each of us, so we sat and chatted as we drank it.

He told me he had seen me around and lusted after me but never thought it would happen, and that this was one of the happiest days of his life, and was it possible for me to stay longer.

We had been there over 3 hours, and as it was only 2pm I was happy to stay a few more hours.

After our drink he went straight back to my cock, then straddled me in the 69 possition and I felt a cock in my mouth for the first time.

He was slightly larger than me in that department but was also circumcised like me and I found I was realy enjoying the experience, it did not take long despite my inexperience before he started to grow and twitch, and with a loud moan started to shoot his load into my mouth, the first couple of spurts hitting the back of my throat quite unexpectedly (this was a first for me) and the amount amazed me and with him still pumping I was choking to swallow it fast enough, I kept him in my mouth till he went soft, although I had still not come, he rolled off me and begged me to fuck him again, which sounded like a good idea to me so I did.

He asked me to lay on my back, then lowered himself onto me,

and he rode me like a pro.

That was my intro. and was repeated numerous times until work took me to a different town, but I never lost my liking for older men.