 I was all but recovered from yesterday's hard ass fucking. I had relaxed the rest of the day, spent some time in the pool, Jacuzzi, and steam room...just enjoying the facilities. The next morning I awoke to find a new set of clothes set out for me on the dresser: a leather jockstrap, metal cock ring, leather collar, and a set of nipple clamps, along with a note instructing me to put on my new uniform, and join my second initiator in his private room.

I did as I was told and followed the directions to the room. I knocked on the door and heard a male voice telling me to come on in. I did and shut the door behind me. He was sitting in a chair facing me with his back to the window. He was wearing a pair of tight black leather pants and black leather biker boots. His pants didn't have a zipper in front, but actually had a removable cod piece held in place by metal snaps. Apparently I stared at his crotch for too long. Because he suddenly grabbed his crotch and asked if I wanted his cock. I then looked up at his face and said yes. 

He told me to come to the center of the room, and show myself to him. He told me to turn around, and then bend over. He sat there admiring my ass. He said that he had heard about my romp with the two guys and how they had introduced me to the idea of joining the club, and about my first initiation yesterday. He told me that he was going to have to find out just how much I wanted to join. He told me to come over to him and to get on my knees in front of him. I did. He then told me to lick and worship his boots.

I did and began licking all of the surfaces of his leather boots. I licked them like they were huge cocks. I actually was getting turned on by all of the smells of the leather. He asked me if I wanted his cock in my mouth, and I of course said yes. "Yes, What?" he said. I said, "Yes I want your cock in my mouth." He then leaned closer to me, and said "Listen you little cock whore, from now on you will answer me by calling me "sir." Is that understood?"

"Yes Sir" I said without hesitating.

"Now, let's try this again. Do you want my cock in your mouth, you bitch?"

"Yes Sir, I want you cock in my mouth."

"Very good." he said. "But you haven't earned it yet. And I think you should pay for not calling me sir." With that he stood up and turned around, so I could tell that he was actually wearing ass-less leather pants. "Now" he said, "Eat my ass!"

I immediately shoved my face between his ass cheeks and plunged my tongue into his waiting hole. He was shaved smooth. I licked all over the surface and then dove right in as far as my tongue would reach. I could hear his moans and groans. his ass was quivering on my tongue, so he was definitely enjoying my rimming session. I used all the knowledge I had from having my ass eaten, and the few asses I had eaten to show him a good time. I was really enjoying the degradation of being told what to do. He seemed to enjoy calling me all sorts of names and I was rock hard at the abuse. 

I poured all my attention into his asshole and really drove my tongue in deep. I didn't realize it, but I started moaning into his asshole as I tongue fucked him. He allowed me to keep eating him for a few minutes more, and then turned around so his crotch was right in my face. "Okay you little, leather slut, come get your master's cock." He smashed my face into his crotch and ground his leather clad bulge into me. I licked and sucked him through his leather pants. It was not easy. Those pants were actually pretty thick, but I gave it a lot. Plus all the smell of leather had me really horny. 

He then started unsnapping his cod piece. I was still sucking him through the leather. He pulled the cod piece away and whipped out his cock. My mouth was wide open and I brought my head to take his cock. He grabbed my chin and stopped me. "Did I tell you that you could suck my cock, bitch?" "No sir," I said. "That's right, bitch. You better learn really fast that I tell you what happens in this room. What you want doesn't matter. Just because you are a little horny cock whore, don't think that I won't just kick your ass out of here if you disobey me." He scolded me. "Yes sir. I'm sorry sir." I said with my head down and abashed. He lifted his cock and said, "Now, bitch, lick and suck my balls." 

I leaned in and began to lick his ball sack. He must have recently come from the shower, because I couldn't taste any sweat. I then took one ball at a time in my mouth and sucked them nicely. He had a hand on my head and was stroking my hair. I took both balls in my mouth at once and sucked them while I worked them both with my tongue. He started moaning again. 

Then he pulled his balls out of my mouth and smacked me in the face with his hard cock. He said, "You want this cock, don't you boy." "Yes sir," I said. He had a hold of my chin as he continued to smack my lips and face with his cock. I could feel precum being flung onto my face. He then said, "If you want to suck my cock, you have to ask for the privilege." I looked up at him and begged, "Please sir, let me suck your cock. I want to suck your cock, sir." He then started rubbing his cock head against my lips, smearing precum on my lips. I had to force myself not to lick it off. 

He looked down at me and ordered me to open my mouth. I did as he ordered. He smirked and plunged it into my throat. He ordered me, "If you really want my cock, then you better do a good job." I began sucking for all I was worth. I played with his balls all along the way. I would bring my head up so that just his cock head was in my mouth, and suck it as hard as I could while I licked his piss slit with my tongue. I took him all the way into my throat and swallowed, using my throat to massage his cock head...I was getting good at that. He actually threw his head back and screamed, "Holy fuck." I smiled around his cock and took that as a good sign.

He was really enjoying my attention and I was enjoying his cock. He started to fuck my face and really go deep into my throat. He would go all the way back and I could feel him in my throat. He kept this up for a while and then with a pop, he pulled out. He told me that now he was going to have some of that ass that he has heard so much about. He pulled me to my feet and then pushed me onto the chair, so that I was leaning over it. He then ran his fingers all over my ass cheeks and hole. He pushed a few fingers into my ass and felt around massaging my prostate. He then pulled out and squirted some kind of lube onto my hole. He then popped his cock head into my ass. God, I so enjoy that first penetration. He then pulled out.

He did that a few times until I was squirming to keep him inside me. He would push his cock head into my ashole, then remove it. He made me beg him to fuck me, asking "What do you want boy? What do you need?" My head was spinning when I said, "Please fuck my ass sir. I want you to make me your cock bitch sir. I need your cock in my asshole sir." I wiggled my ass and clinched my asshole needing him to fill me up. He smacked my asshole with his cock and with that he plunged all the way into my ass. He hit my prostate on the first try and made me yelp with delight. I was in total exstacy. He didn't start out slow, but instead fucked me even harder than the guy yesterday. He would remove his cock completely from my hole, and then plunge back in again.

The chair I was leaned against was rocking back and forth. I was moaning like a whore. I kept saying, "Fuck my ass sir," over and over again. I kept clinching my ass muscles around his cock and pushing my ass back into him, anything I could think of to work his cock more. I was on the verge of cumming, and could feel him begin to pick up real speed. He grabbed my ass cheeks with both hands and really started fucking me hard. I could hear the slapping sounds as his hips and balls slapped up against my ass, every time he would plunge in. He started to really degrade me by saying what a cock slut I was, and how he was going to use this hole as much as he could. He would call me his personal leather slut, and asked me how I liked that.

I said, "I like that great, sir." He asked me how does it feel to have my ass used by a real man. I gasped out, "It feels great sir." He slapped my ass and kept fucking me. The whole time he has his hands on my hips and is really driving his cock deep inside me. He then picks up his speed and depth even more. He was drilling and slamming my asshole with his hard cock. Then he turns me around so my back is in the chair and I am facing him. He slams his cock back into my ass. I start moaning again loudly. I can't help it. I start saying, "Fuck my asshole, sir. Fuck me good and deep. Oh god, you feel good in my ass."

The chair legs are rocking back and forth. We are in danger of falling to the floor. I vaguely am aware of this. I wonder briefly if we do knock the chair over, if I can keep his cock buried in my ass as we fall down. I wonder if when we hit the floor, will that impact drive his cock deeper into me? But we don't fall down. He grabs the chairs arms and uses them to steady us. He is really fucking me. I have a hold of his biceps and my legs are on his shoulders. His balls keep smacking my ass as his cock plunges in and out of my needy asshole. He starts to breathe hard and his eyes shut. I know that he is about to cum inside me.

I pull him deep into me and really tighten my ass muscles. I want to feel him cum. He doesn't disappoint. He slams his cock in really deep and shouts, "Fuck!" I feel his cock explode with cum. I feel jet after jet of hot cum hit the insides of my asshole. I moan at the feeling of his seed inside me. He slowly keeps pumping his cock in and out of my hole. I am breathing hard and covered in sweat. I still have a hold of his biceps. He is still fucking me, but now lowly. His cock is semi hard. He keeps the pace slow and steady.

I realize I have not touch me cock during all of this. I look down and see that it is painfully erect. "Oh well." I think and mentally shrug, "He never did tell me to touch myself." I then smirk and wonder if I can get him hard again. I start to grind my ass into him and tighten and then relax my ass muscles. This has the desired effect on him. He groans loudly and says, "Shit boy. You really can't get enough cock, can you." I smirk and say, "I'll take whatever sir chooses to give me." With that I clinch my asshole as tight as I can and again grind into him. I can feel him growing hard again.

He now goes at a steady rhythm and speed. He is fucking me excruciatingly slow. I am pulling him into me as he fucks me. He stays steady but goes deep into me. He is really working me over. It feels like his cock is pushing his hot cum deeper into me. I smile at the thought of that. His eyes are closed and his mouth is open. I can hear a moan building in him. He then jams hard into me. I gasp and moan loudly and the suddenness of his thrust. I really should have seen that coming. He then starts fucking me as hard and fast as he can. I am pulling him deep into me and just enjoying the deep anal drilling I am receiving. 

His face screws up into a scowl. I know I am about to receive another load of cum in my ass. I clinch my asshole, ready to receive his seed. But he then pulls out of my ass, and shoved me down onto my knees and forced my mouth back onto his cock. I can taste my own cum on his hard tool. He tells me that he was going to shoot his load all the way into my throat. He tells me to start sucking his head, just his head. He says I better not stop. I suck him as hard as I can. I want to please him and I am so turned on by being used and abused, that he could do just about anything to me now. I began sucking his cock head hard and licking his piss slit. I felt his cock head swell and knew he was close. He withdrew his cock from my mouth, and told me to open my mouth as wide as I could. I did as commanded and he aimed his cock into my mouth and jerked it once or twice before he erupted all of his juices into my mouth.

I caught all of it in my mouth and had to swallow as fast as I could to keep from spilling any. He then placed it back in my mouth and ordered me to finish him off. "I want you to suck all of the cum out of my cock, you little slut."

I did and got a few more drops of his cum, and swallowed it all. He shuddered and again withdrew his cock. He walked over to the door and opened it, and said, "That's enough, for now. Now go back to your room and wait for further instructions. And you had better not so much as touch your cock. I want you to build up a good load because we have lots more in store for you."

I left and walked back to my room, I could feel his cum inside my asshole sloshing around as I walked. I had to walk weird trying to get my balls to stop hurting from all of the cum built up. I got back to my room and took a nice long shower and waited for my next round of initiation...