 I decided on the couple who had brought me into this club. I walked up to them, smiled and asked, "How about it guys, care for some fun?" They both smiled and the one who originally found me, Alex his name turned out to be, said, "I knew you needed another round with us." With that we were off to their private room, and what a room it was. More like a suite. I was still naked and Alex enjoyed another long look at my body.

His partner, Ken, had at this point begun stripping for our next session. Alex looks me over again and asks, "So, it's your gift. What shall we do?" "I was thinking another round of you two fucking my two holes. But this time I want to stop before we all cum, I have something else in mind for the blowing of our loads." With that they both smiled and Ken said that since I had already had some anal action tonight, it doesn't seem necessary to go slow. With that Ken walks in front of me and says, "Okay then, let's see if you have learned any new tricks with that mouth of yours."

And with that he lowered my head to his crotch and pulled my mouth over his already hard cock. I go all the way onto his cock and go for broke. I take it all in. I feel Alex position himself behind me and grab my hips. He rubs his cock head all around my already used ass, taunting and teasing me all at once. Then he slams it in all the way to his balls. The force of which sends my mouth all the way down Ken's cock to his balls. They then begin the same piston action of the last time, fucking in turns, as one goes in the other is going out. Then they switch up and work up a rhythm where they both are entering me and pulling out at the same time. God I am so turned on by this. They fuck me like this for so long I almost blow right there. 

I know that when I cum, it's going to really be a hard one. I think it may wear me out, considering how long I have been holding it and the stimulation I have received last night and tonight. But for now I just enjoy the deliciousness of this threesome. I may have to make this a regular thing with these two. I doubt they will mind. I smile around the cock in my mouth at the thought of all the sex I have had recently, and what I have in store. I also wonder exactly how many guys are members of this group and what kind of events they host here at the lodge. But those are questions for later, right now I have a hard cock in my ass and another in my throat. I can tell they are getting to their threshold as well.

Then Alex stops, and says to me, "Well if we keep this up much longer, I will cum. What did you have in mind when we cum?" I take my mouth off of Ken's cock, although I do lick the cock head and piss slit again, as a teaser to him. I say, "I want to do a dp. I want you both in my ass. I want to ride one of you while the other takes me from behind." They are both turned on by this, and Ken immediately lays down on the bed and says, "Come on then. Let's get this show started."

I didn't need any more convincing and jumped right onto his hard cock, with all my energy. I mount him and take his hard cock deep inside my ass. We both moan at this. I ride him slow at first and work his cock nice and deep into my asshole. Alex just stepped back and watched as his lover has a younger guy riding his hard cock. I look over my shoulder and smirk at Alex. I ask, "Are you ready for this?" I then lean over so he can see my asshole as it takes all of Ken's cock. Alex then climbs up and positions his hard cock at my asshole. I feel him begin to push inside me.

I feel like I am being stretched to my breaking point. But the pain feels so good. I feel Alex's cock head as it pushes past my ass muscles and enters my ass. He lets me get used to the feeling of the two cocks. Ken is lying still, but lets out a moan when he feels how tight my asshole is now and feels Alex's cock pressed against his own hard cock. We were all in ecstasy. Then Alex starts to slowly fuck me. Ken starts thrusting up too. I have two cocks inside my ass and they are working me to pure pleasure. I have not even touched my cock yet. I realize this when Ken suddenly starts jerking me off. I start to moan loudly. I then start to rock up and down, increasing the thrusts of the two hard cocks inside me. I was amazed at how it felt to have the two cocks stimulating me in different ways. One was hitting my prostate and the other was massaging my insides. 

The tightness of my double stuffed asshole and the fact that their cocks were moving against each other and stimulating each other, started to build Alex's and Ken's speed and depth as they fucked their way to cumming. I just took this pleasure and enjoyed what they gave me. I had abandoned trying to ride them with any movement of my own. I was sandwiched between them, and they controlled what happened. This thought made me really smile.

I could feel them start to pick up more speed and go deep and hard into my asshole. I knew they were getting closer to cumming. Ken then really started to stroke my cock. Alex started to egg him on, telling him to jerk my cock and make me cum. Ken kept telling Alex to fuck my ass harder. He said how good it feels that they are both inside me. That he could feel both their cocks working each other. I just rode it out and enjoyed it. Then Ken finally sent me over the edge. I stiffened and screamed as I shot my big load. Both Ken and I were covered in my hot cum. I shot hard. My cum practically sprayed out of my cock. Ken even caught some in his mouth. 

When I came so hard my asshole clinched around their cocks. I could feel them start jerking inside me. Their speed increased until they both drove deep inside my asshole. They both went still and came deep inside my ass. I felt load after load of their two loads of cum bathe my insides at the same time. I felt their cocks milking each other and I clinched my asshole to help work all their cum into me. I smiled at the thought of what we just did. And ground my hips to work their cocks a bit more.

We finally all stopped moving. I was collapsed onto Ken, feeling my cum still warm and sticky on both of us. Alex was leaning against my back. We all just stayed there, catching out breaths. I realized their cocks were still inside me and that they were slowly going limp. I just stayed still enjoying the feeling of my freshly double fucked ass and my finally softening cock. I moaned a bit in a pleasurable way. Ken laughed and said, "I can't feel my legs." At this we all laughed. I asked if we needed to move. Ken said no, it's from the hard fucking we just did, not lose of circulation. I nodded into his chest and said, "You know I am really beginning to like this club."