 I had been offered membership into an all-male gay sex group. After my rounds with the two studs that fucked me from both ends, I was definitely interested in more. I was told about the requirements, which I already met the physical and sexual parts, but I would have to be initiated by the senior members. Upon hearing this I asked what "senior" meant. I was assured that it was not "senior citizen," but just a member of the group that had helped in first starting the group. I was all for it...if only I knew.

I arrived at a resort getaway, apparently owned by one of the members-where all of the big get-togethers were held. I unpacked my things...hardly anything: jockstrap, personal hygiene supplies, and one change of clothes. I heard a knock at my door, and when I opened it the man introduced himself to be Brian, which was the person who would be showing me around. He was tall, short hair, clean shaven, and had a definite gym built body. 

Through the tight pants I could not see any body fat. And his arms were huge. He told me that he would be showing me around the grounds. I said sure. I gotta say, I had to stop myself from staring at his crotch while he talked. He told me that since I was there to be initiated, that I was required to always have on my jockstrap...and nothing else. I was a little taken-a-back, and he told me not to worry that we were the only ones there. So I complied.

I stripped completely, and put on the jockstrap. I could see him looking me up and down as I changed. And from the bulge in his pants he liked what he saw. He looked at me as I stood there in just a jock strap like it was the most natural thing in the world, and said, "Okay, time for the tour."

He showed me the kitchen, dining room, TV room, gym, steam room (oh the fun to be had in there), Jacuzzi (more fun), the outside pool, and the outside patio walk-way. We had walked all over the outside and I was beginning to get really comfortable in my new attire, or lack-there-of. We got to the end of the walkway, and were standing beneath a gazebo. He said that that was all of the grounds and I asked, actually innocently, if that was all there was. He looked at me with a smirk and grabbed the bulge in his pants and said, "No not everything; time for the initiation." The way he said it, made the hair on my neck stand on end, and also my cock swell. He told me to get on my knees and suck him. I did, and was about to unzip his pants when he grabbed my hands and said, "No bitch, you haven't earned it yet. So suck my cock through my jeans."

I began sucking as hard as I could on his now fully hard cock, right through his jeans. I licked all the way up and down it. He moaned a few timed and pulled my face closer to his crotch. I took this as a good sign, and started sucking harder. He finally looked down at me and said, "Okay you seem to really want this cock, so come and get it."

At that he unzipped his pants and out sprang his hard cock. It hit me right in the face, it was so hard. I immediately swallowed the entire shaft. I took his cock head into my throat and swallowed. My throat muscles were working his cock head as I used my tongue to lick his shaft. He let out a deep moan. I took him all the way back into my throat, and out again. I would run my tongue all over his cock head and piss slit, when I would back off from deep-throating him-and he was going crazy. He was calling me all kinds of kinky, degrading, and humiliating names. And I went even harder and faster.

He began to fuck my face and grabbed my head. He would go out all the way until just his head was in my mouth (so I could suck and lick his cock head) and then plunge it all the way down my throat, again. He kept this up for I don't know how long, but finally he shoved his cock all the way back into my throat again. And with a giant explosion, blew his load directly down my throat. I swallowed as fast as I could and milked his cum out of his cock with my tongue. He held me there, not even letting me take a breath, until he had spent his last drops into my throat. Then he pulled back and told me to suck everything out. I did, after a quick deep breath, and sucked every last drop, that hadn't shot directly down my throat.

At the point he pulled me to my feet and said, "Boy, you are a find. Where did they find you?" I relayed the story of my encounter at the gym steam room, and the "after workout get-together" at the two guys' house, (which he seemed to enjoy hearing about in detail). He then said, "Okay, I've had that mouth of yours, now let's see that ass, I've heard so much about."

He had me get up onto the wooden table in the middle of the gazebo, on to all fours, with my ass facing him. He slapped my ass cheeks once or twice, and then spread them apart. First he bit both of my ass cheeks, then I felt his hot breath on my asshole. He started to tease my puckered hole with his wet tongue. I was moaning and whimpering slightly. Needing his tongue inside me. He then went to town eating my hole. He would dart his tongue in and out, lick the entire hole and then shove his tongue as deep as he could get it. I was in my own little world at this point. I was moaning and my cock was leaking pre-cum. He still had a hold of both of my ass cheeks and he was gripping them tightly. He would alternate between massaging my cheeks, then he would smack them. Every time he would smack my ass, I would jump a little. He stopped and stood up and I heard him taking his pants all the way off and kicking them aside. My asshole was quivering at this point, from the recent attention and from the attention that I knew it was about to get.

I felt his cock head press up against my hole; he was already hard again. Then without warning he plunged his entire shaft deep into my asshole. I was shocked by the suddenness of his attack. But at that point, I wasn't going to say anything. He then began to fuck my ass hard, deep, and fast. I don't know how he didn't cum quickly from the tightness of my ass, but he kept going for at least 20 minutes of the hardest, raunchiest, and best ass fucking I had ever had. He fucked my ass like his life depended on it. And he kept up the verbal humiliation all the way. He made me tell him that I was a cock whore, that I loved him fucking my ass, and that I wasn't happy unless I had a cock in one of my holes, and anything else he could think of. He called me everything from cock slut to cum guzzler. And he kept up his hard fucking all the way.

My hands and knees were red with the friction of supporting my weight, as his thrusts drove me forward. He had a death grip on my hips. He would pull my hips back into him just as he would push his cock deeper into my asshole. I was now passed speech. I was reduced to loud guttural moans and groans. I doubt I could have spoken if I had tried. He was really working my asshole. The feeling of his entire cock filling me and pounding my prostate had me in heaven. I never knew this hard of an ass fuck could feel so good. I wish I could have pushed back into him, but all my attention was spent on keep myself in this position. 

He then started going even faster. He was just using my asshole to work his cock. He was fucking my ass with such speed that my cock was swaying up and smacking my stomach. He started to breathe louder. He started to shout, "Yeah. Yeah. Take it all. Take my cock. Take my cum."

Finally after all of the pounding of my prostate, I started to cum and that caused my ass to twitch and tighten around his cock. And with a deep, hard thrust, and a very loud moan, he plunged his cock all the way into my ass and came in an explosion of cum, that eclipsed the orgasm that he had earlier in my throat. He coated my insides with his cum. I couldn't believe how good it felt. I milked his cock with my ass muscles and fucked his cock a little more, while it was still hard. I could feel some of his cum sliding down my leg, as it escaped my now well-used hole.

He laughed and said, "Yeah kid, you are definitely a keeper. Welcome to the club."