 The morning sun filtered through sheer curtains that shimmered with a dazzling cool shade of an almost lemonade color. Soft tendrils of light stretched over the room, spreading its passionate warmth in the crisp November early morning sunrise. Quiet filled the peaceful setting as if taking a contented breath of relief.

The door of the room opened softly and in stepped a somber young man of twenty-four. His long sandy brown hair was pulled back in a single braid at the base of his head to just below the small of his back where it was tied. The ends danced over his slim rounded buttocks, as if to tease. Crisp emerald eyes moved over the sleeping figure of his lover in a caressing manner.

He carried a small tray in his dainty hands that on it was placed a tall glass of ice water and a Goody Powder. With care and graceful movements, he placed the tray on the night table beside the bed, then sat on the edge and leaned across the bed to his sweetheart. With only minute hesitation, he peeled the covers from the lovely face to reveal it.

The hand was gentle that brushed the unruly raven waves of hair from his sleeping face—always hoping for another opportunity to touch those waves, to comb the fingers through its moderate lengths. It was like brushing ones palm over satin or loose strands of silk that might slip through one's fingers. He loved the feel of his lover's hair and as often as was allowed, he caressed it.

"Gabe," he whispered softly, the sound of the name on his breath brought a shiver to him, knowing his love might be somewhat difficult that day.

Gabriel was a lost soul searching for something he had yet to find. It troubled him that Gabriel all too often would look in the wrong places. More often that not, he would come home in the wee hours of the morning drunk or high or both and could never tell his long time lover where he had been or with whom.

But, Bri loved Gabriel, desperately, and refused to leave or abandon him. They had grown up together in the same neighborhood, gone to school together, had most of their classes together. They were inseparable—the two of them, constantly together. If anyone ever saw one of them, the other was very close by.

Then one night Gabe rushed into Brighton's room, his face showed terror and a depth of hurt that Bri had never seen before. The once carefree spirit of Gabriel had been struck and broken and Bri had never known it was going on consistently.

"You have to let me stay here with you tonight. I can't go home, Bri. Please, let me stay," he had begged.

"It's not really up to me, Gabe. But I don't see why my parents wouldn't agree. Just let me ask."

Of course, Bri's parents did consent to it and Gabriel finally calmed down after a long 'family discussion' with them. They had always been there for Gabe at anytime he needed council or just wanted to have some type of parental attention. Gabriel loved Bri's parents deeply, more so than his own father whom he feared and despised with bitterness.

It was on that very night that the news had come via two uniformed officers who came calling to bear the sad tidings that Gabriel's father had been shot in the head in an empty lot that he proposed to sell. The police asked hundreds of questions of Gabriel, Bri and Bri's parents whose stories all collaborated. And there had been witnesses that had seen Gabe running from his father's house being chased by him that was screaming and yelling at Gabriel. They had seen Gabe run down the street and into Bri's parent's yard where the frightful boy was received.

And though the killer had never been found Gabe secretly had been relieved that he had never to go back to that house or his father again. Bri's parents took him in, supported him and loved him as their own all through high school and into college where his closest friend followed. It was there that they had discovered their secret desires, quickly becoming lovers.

"Gabe," he spoke only a little louder, then smiled as his lover stirred gently.

"Please, Bri," Gabe muttered and the stench of stale alcohol wafted up, causing Bri to coil a bit.

"Come on, baby, you promised," he almost whispered.

"I know, sweetie," Gabriel sighed heavily. "I'm sorry, baby. I'll get up," he mumbled, the heaviness of his weakened and hung over state almost overwhelming to him. But he turned and smiled faintly at Bri, even though it hurt to do it. He loved his sweetheart's touch and his gentleness.

"I brought you a glass of water and a goody powder," Bri whispered.

Gabriel moaned and smiled broader then, so pleased that Bri had once again been so thoughtful.

"I love you, Gabe," Bri rested his head on his lover's belly.

Slowly, lethargically, Gabriel lifted his hand, stroking Bri's head and face lightly. "I know, baby. I love you too."

And he did love Bri as much as he knew how. Bri had always been his one and only lover. But something was missing; something he longed to give Bri yet could not ever seem to find it. There was something so dark within him, so void—empty and faceless. He could never express what it was to his lover and had often tried. Still, it existed and gripped him so tight that it was just before crippling to Gabriel.

"Happy birthday, baby," he muttered to Bri with a tender smile and actually opened his aching blue eyes to look down at his lover.

"Thanks, Gabe," Bri returned his lover's sweetness with a giddy brightening that always made Gabriel laugh.

It seemed the laugh woke him more, though it was painful, he refused to withhold it. He pushed himself up against the headboard—hating that Bri would move, but he knew if he didn't sit up, he'd fall right back to sleep. As he leaned back against the smooth heavy wood, Bri sat up and reached for the pack of power and glass. 

He first gave the pack to Gabriel and watched him fumble at opening it. But Gabe finally managed, turning the spread paper up between his lips and tapped the paper lightly to ensure all of the powder slid into his mouth. With a violent shudder and grimace, he took the glass from Bri's hand and sucked down the water until it all was gone. 

Then with a sigh, he leaned his head back against the headboard and wished he could stop his self-destructive ways. He knew he was hurting Bri by making him watch everytime he'd return home stumbling drunk. And his lover was so patient and kind every morning when he would slip into bed beside Bri. Most times he could manage a good enough erection for a little roll with Bri, but not that morning. He wasn't able to begin to get it up, being as drunk as he was.

Gabe's face darkened, as he rested against the headboard, then let out a very displeased groan.

"What's the matter, babe?" Bri scooted closer.

Gabriel lifted his head and looked to Bri. "It's nothing, babe. I just hate that I couldn't satisfy you this morning."

"Oh, it's all right, Gabe. I still got to hold you."

"No, Bri," Gabriel snapped. "It's not all right!"

"Would you stop, please? I told you it was all right. So, just drop it," Bri became firm.

Gabriel stared long at him for a minute or two, a little shocked by Bri's sudden definitive attitude. He had always been restrained and submissive to Gabe, until then. 

He decided that he felt well enough to shower.

"I'll go get my shower, babe," he moved slowly, as Bri stood.

"Okay," he watched Gabriel's finely sculpted body rippled, as it moved. "I'll make breakfast."

After Gabriel had showered and dressed, they ate and he drove the Hummer and Bri to Universal Studios. They spent all day at the park, going on rides and other attractions. Gabe drank a beer with his lunch and it was only then that he really began to have fun. It seemed to help him feel better right away.

When they left the park Gabe took Bri to the White Castle for a really nice dinner and show. Then he took his birthday beauty to a nocturnal club. He had never been there before, but had heard it was one outrageous place to party. The stories he'd heard were intriguing and exciting. He thought it would be nice for Bri on his birthday.

Bri was exuberant when they were allowed to go in ahead of the long line outside the door. Gabe had thought far ahead and reserved a table, from eleven o'clock until they decided to leave. They stepped past the curtain of beads that clicked and clattered into a large smoke filled room. A theater sized screen on the far wall was playing one of the club's favorite vampire movies, while patrons sat at the bar, tables, lounge chairs, and cushions spread around the floor beside short tables.

Gabe's attention went to one of the lounge chairs where a couple, were making out in plain view of everyone. The music that was playing felt so intoxicating and sounded quite strange at first. It appeared to have set the rhythm of the two lovers. There was something odd about one of them that he couldn't put his finger on, as he watched. He couldn't tear his stare away from them until Bri caught his attention.

A host was standing before them with a large grin on his face. Gabe took in a long breath as the man's sensual lips suddenly mesmerized him.

"Will you be together, this evening?" he spoke in a rich masculine tenor and accent that sent a ripple through Gabe that he couldn't disguise.

"Um, yes please," he answered, then hauled his gaze to Bri who was gleaming with obvious excitement.

"Then follow me, please," the tall muscular man with long dark hair turned rather slowly in a deliberate sort of way. His long black tailored robes shimmered in the vague romantic lighting of the room—swishing the floor as the man moved with grace and poise. 

Gabe clutched Bri's arm and hand, bringing them up close behind the man.

"Your personal host will join you shortly after you are seated. If you require anything at all, you only need let him know."

"Personal host?" Bri queried with a surprised grin.

"Yes, Bri. Everyone who enters this establishment is provided with a personal host. Being the two of you are together there is no need to provide more than one." The man was slow in his speech, Gabriel deducing it was due to his accent.

"Oh, I understand that, just didn't realize we would get a host. Is that for all night, while we're here?" Bri was just before bubbling over, when they stopped walking and the house host turned to face them.

His smile was easy, sensual and possessed a wicked allure to both young men. The colorless eyes flickered with a certain amusement that was undetermined, yet radiant with the excitement that was exuding from Bri's body. It was as if they absorbed it, reflecting it back to them both. 

"Yes, Bri," the man nodded, as if in respect. "We are aware that this is your first experience. It is customary that your personal host remains with you until just before dawn. However, if you do require an additional host, it will cost extra and could also be a bit of a wait..."

"Oh, no," Bri lifted a hand, interrupting the man. "Please, one is more than enough for the both of us," he added with a nervous chuckle.

"Very well, Bri," the man graciously bent slightly towards Bri. "Would you care for a drink or refreshment?"

Gabe's eyebrows went up instantly, but allowed Bri to make his choice first before placing his order. He was glad that he had accepted the cover package and paid one price for the whole nine yards. The way he figured it in his head, as the representative explained it, the cover package included everything and was actually less expensive.

"Please make yourselves comfortable," the man grasped the bell sleeve of his black tailored robe motioning to the cushions and short table on the floor.

"Thank you so very much," Bri couldn't stand it anymore and had to taste those lips of the host's. He grasped the man's face in both hands, laying one on him.

They were warm, pliant—glided over Bri's with what he supposed was arousal. The man took hold of Bri's wrists, slowly pushing him away, inoffensively.

"I'm honored, Bri, but you would be more gratified with your personal host."

Bri flamed a deep red suddenly. "Oh, I hope I didn't offend."

"Not at all, love. I'm quite flattered, thank you," he blinked a couple times and appeared as if to decide if he enjoyed the kiss or not. "If you'll excuse me, I have another to seat," he motioned to the lone man standing at the top of the steps just before the cage door.

"Sure," Bri nodded, watching the man amble back to the gate with so much sensuous grace.

Gabe grinned, as he went down on all fours and crawled across the satin covered cushions. When he settled on his back, Bri maneuvered half atop his lover.

"This is the best birthday present you've ever given me, Gabe," he stared down at those lovely blue eyes, taking in the contentment of Gabriel's satisfied expression.

"I thought you would love this experience. And I've heard that the 'personal host' does favors, if you want him too," Gabe flashed Bri a wry grin.

"Favors? What sort of favors?"

Gabe raised up until his lips met Bri's ear. "Sexual favors," he whispered seductively.

"Oh—my—gawd," Bri barely said.

"Yes," Gabe hissed erotically into his ear.

"You're being so bad, Gabe," he giggled boyishly.

"C'me 'ere," Gabe pulled his sweetheart down with him and engaged Bri in a long passionate kiss. His hands glided over Bri's body slowly.

He was exceptionally warm that evening as Bri's body molded to Gabe's. Pressing firmly to him, Bri began those subtle movements that would always drive Gabe to sexual frenzy. Gabe inhaled long and fervidly as soon as it began, becoming instantly hard between them. His hands eagerly traveled over familiar territory, unabashed. 

Then Bri pulled back staring down into his lover's eyes. "Thank you, Gabe. This is wonderful, what you've done for me. I've enjoyed every minute of the day with you."

Gabe could see his reflective thoughts as they passed over his lover's face. He smiled tenderly up at him as Bri spoke softly.

"You're welcome, Bri. And I think we needed this little diversion, too."

"You know we did. College is such a damn bore, Gabe. I hate it with a passion!" he expressed a little stronger than he had meant to.

"I'm sorry, baby. And it's only because you're not being challenged. Did you talk to your counselor?"

"Yes," he started to roll away, but Gabe held him fast for the moment. Bri didn't argue, but went on with what he had to say. "And he told me that I had to get through this semester before he could do anything to help me, so I'm stuck with it."

"Well, do us both a favor, babe. Just hang in there. You'll do fine." He smiled and furrowed his brow, as he thought for a minute. "Hey, tell ya what," Gabe slipped a peck on Bri's cheek. "We'll go out more often from now on. But, you have to help me study, ok?"

"Sure!" Bri perked then. At least he would have something to look forward to besides sitting at the apartment, waiting for Gabe to get home from the clubs. "And if you wouldn't mind, I think I'd like to come here—a lot."

Gabe laughed outright. "Okay, baby." He gave Bri another peck, but this one on his lips.

Then, as if he felt it, he looked past Bri toward the cage door where the bar on the right side ended. From behind it a tall gorgeous creature ambled between the two bars on either side to the top of the step. As he cleared the counter, Gabe took him in with the greatest of interest. 

His hair was very long and a light brown, appearing thick as it swayed with his gentle movements. The top layer was braided in small locks all around his head, then tied back in clip that sparked with gems attached to short links, or strips of something gold. His face was pretty, and Gabe caught himself thinking it was good that the hair at the top was pulled back. Why cover such a beautiful face, he thought. 

The lips parted noticeably, yet only slightly. Maybe he knows I'm staring at him. Gawd, he's so fucking pretty. He stargazed at the full lips that twitched, as if the man struggled to keep from smiling. Yes, smile for me, baby. Let me see it. And as if it had been a command, the man's lips slowly curled up. Oh, my gawd, you are just too fine, babe. 

What you got underneath all those robes? He looked down over the man's body, as he slowly came towards them with a small platter on the flat of his hand, on which two drinks were placed. The man's robes were much like those of the house host. The top covering was scarlet, with a tapered pleated breast that from a distance appeared to be one piece. But as he approached steadily, Gabe realized it opened down the front with buckles every two inches apart. 

The robes hugged the man's waist showing off his figure a little. Around his midsection was a golden chain that hung almost to the floor with the skirts of the robes. The sides were as black as night, shimmering in the light as if they were silk or satin. The edge of the robe at the floor was trimmed in a lighter shade of black. The bell sleeves were as long as the robes themselves. 

Bri couldn't get Gabe's attention, if he had screamed. He watched as his lover stared off beyond him, much longer than he normally would and could feel his breathing alter dramatically. Finally, he looked in the direction of Gabe's stare the instant his lover began sitting up.

Gabe propped himself on an elbow, still facing Bri, as the man crouched in an almost lady-like way and set their drinks on the short table beside them.

"My name is Iason. I am your personal host. Can I get you anything from the kitchen?" he asked his voice deep and masculine. A ripple washed over both men and drew shudder, almost simultaneously.

Bri swallowed hard, as he stared at the most beautiful of men he had ever seen in his life. Of course, Gabriel was a fine man, lovely, pretty, but dayum, this man was...inexplicably gorgeous.

"I don't need anything to eat right now," he finally said.

"You can join us, if you would," Gabe felt timid in asking, but it was obviously what they both wanted.

"Very well," the man set the tray on the table and pulled up the skirts of his robes a bit, then crawled in behind Bri, molding himself to the young man's body. He propped himself on an elbow and placed a hand on Bri's arm. Resting his cheek on the side of Bri's head, he gently caressed the naked arm.

Bri shuddered again, hearing the man's gentle breath in his ear and felt his expertly light touch on his arm. Bri couldn't help but press his bottom against the man's pelvis. And as he did, the man returned the action, grinding subtly against Bri's bottom.

"Oh damn, Gabe," Bri whispered. "This is better than anything. I swear, I'm gonna come," he grinned sheepishly.

"Relax and enjoy it, babe. You've always said you'd like to try a threesome, so here's your chance," Gabe grinned at him wickedly.

"You dawg!" Bri giggled nervously, then.

All the while they talked, Gabe watched the man behind Bri unsnap the hidden snaps beneath the buckles and push the top part of his robes down off his shoulders and arms. He took in the strongly cut definition of the man with devouring eyes. Instantly, he thought that he couldn't wait to bathe the man's body with his tongue, which drew a seductive grin from the guy.

"Relax, Bri," Iason whispered into the young man's ear, trailing a finger down the length of Bri's right arm. "Close your eyes and relax," he added softly.

Bri let his lids drift down over his eyes, anticipating what would happen next. He felt lips touch his own and when the kiss began, knew it was Gabe. But it was more fervid than Gabe had ever kissed him before. He could feel the longing, desire and urgent need all through it. The touch of his lover's hand to his chest was light and gentle, unfastening his shirt slowly.

With a moan, he rested his head on the arm of the man behind him and took in the attention they both were giving him simultaneously. It wasn't very long at all before he was trembling and Gabriel had opened his shirt, then proceeded to lick his way over Bri's body. Iason was busying himself with removing Bri's shirt and slid his gentle hands over the newly exposed chest.
