 I'm a gas engineer by trade and spent this particular Friday afternoon servicing the boilers at my local leisure centre.

The door to the small boiler room I was working in was almost opposite the men's changing room door, I saw a couple of middle aged guys go in to get changed.

Both men reappeared in squash kit and headed for the courts, the second guy gave me a bit of a lingering smile as he passed but I thought nothing of it. 

I could hear the squeaking and grunting of the squash match as I worked and shortly heard one of the guys say his goodbyes and leave to change, the other guy must have been practicing alone.

Five minutes later the other guy passed me on his way to the changing room.

Now I'm a straight married guy but I have always been a bit curious and watched a fair share of bi porn but when this guy walked past, with his shirt off dripping in sweat, I found my cock had become immediately rock hard.

Something he hadn't failed to notice as I saw him glance at my crotch and give me a knowing smile as he headed into the changing room. 

I was a bit embarrassed by my reaction and carried on with my work but the thought of him stripping off to shower 10 yards from me set my cock throbbing.

I decided to poke my head out of the door and take a look around.

He had obviously suspected I would, as he had positioned himself so I had a direct view of him naked from the door of the boiler room. 

He had his back to me and was toweling himself down, he then lifted the towel to dry his hair and I got a view of his naked ass. 

This guy knew what he was doing and he slowly turned to show me his semi hard and huge cock, it must have been 6" and it wasn't even hard. 

He looked me directly in the eye and put his hand on his length and started to stroke. Well that was it I couldn't control myself, I walked straight into the changing room as he offered his cock to me.

I took it in my hand, the first time I'd held another man's cock, it was so smooth and warm and I could feel it growing in my palm. 

"Suck it" he said and gently pushed me down to my knees, how was this happening? I was sucking the hard cock of a middle aged stranger in a public changing room. 

The thing is it felt so good, the smooth skin of his head and the sweet taste of precum on my tongue made me want take as much of it as I could but just as I was preparing to swallow the last two inches he pulled out of my mouth reached in his bag and said "let's shower."

I quickly undressed and joined him in the showers, he kissed me passionately which took me by surprise and before I knew he had turned me around put my hands against the cold tiles and rubbed his hard cock against my ass. 

I was terrified he was going to stick it straight in me.

My ass has only ever had my wife's strap on in it, but he slid down to his knees and began to lick my ass, oh what a feeling as he started to slide his tongue into my tight hole as he reached round to stroke my now rock hard cock.

He spun me round and took my whole 7" right down the back of his throat until my balls were banging on his chin.

I thought I was going to shoot there and then but he stopped and reached in his sponge bag took out a rubber and a bottle of lube.

He slid the rubber on my cock, rubbed on some lube spreading the rest on his own ass, he then turned and pushed his beautiful ass onto my straining cock.

He looked over his shoulder at me and said "Fuck it and fuck it hard."

I grabbed him by the hips and fucked his ass hard and deep, I could not believe how horny this was, he was moaning and telling to "fuck it harder."

I was about to cum when he slid off and pulled off the rubber in one swift move, just in time to jack me all over his face.

I had never cum so hard, he swallowed as much as he could and the rest dribbled down his chin, he then stood up and kissed me hard, tonguing my own cum into my mouth.

I have never felt so horny and out of control, I turned and spread my ass cheeks.

"Now fuck me," I said "you're my first, so be gentle." 

He took some lube and massaged my ass hole slowly slipping one finger, then two in to loosen me up. He must have had a few virgins before as he knew exactly when to slide his head in.

I thought it was going to really hurt but there was just a sharp pain as his head slipped in, then he eased into me inch by inch, until he was fucking me with his whole length, the water trickling down between our hot bodies.

"Fuck me", I moaned, "shoot your cum in my ass." 

I felt his cock grow and his body jerk as she shot his load and pushed his cock in me so far, I thought he was going to split me in two. He bit me on the back of the neck then slid slowly out of me, I had goose bumps all over my body, he turned me round and kissed me hard.

We both dried off and exchanged numbers and I am waiting in anticipation for our next meet.