 We just got to bed, and Eric was running his lips, up and down, over my dick...he gently stroked and swirled his tongue around the head, till he couldn't resist enveloping it and going deeper. Once it started tapping his throat, I rolled my hips to fuck through his lips. Fucking and moaning, "Fuck...ahhhh...ahhhh...ahhhh...ahhhh...Eric...ahhhh. Fuck yeah...suck it...suck it, dude...mmmmmm...that's it, suck me...suck me...take it all!"

All was good till we heard a knock and hushed voices...it was Jay and Karen and things got even better. "Can we come in?"

Jay spoke awkwardly, "Guys, we need a little...or umm...a big favor. Yeah a big favor!"

When the door opened further, we were surprised to see Karen wearing a strap-on...it looked a little menacing, with a big, ruddy, flesh-colored dildo. I didn't know where things were going when Karen added, "Guys, can we play? My sweetie needs a man...a real man...not this thing."

Eric looked at me, as if to get input, "Real men? We got that here. Sure, were kind of...in the middle of things, but you could come help. I mean...there's enough to share. But Karen, keep that fucking thing away from my ass."

I added, "Same here...fuck...you got a big dick, Karen!"

She giggled, "I promise...this's Jay's."

I grinned, "Well then...get your ass in here."

"Jay, that's a beast...she's wearing. You're gonna be sore with something that big, but I gotta see you take it, dude."

She looked at Jay, "See baby...this's way better...you got twins to play with and I can watch (after the voyeur encounters, she started calling us "the twins" for obvious reasons...I guess)!"

Eric leaned back to let Jay take over. He immediately climbed onto the bed, ran his tongue over the shaft and popped the head through his lips. He wasted no time in going deeper, increasing the pace and fucking his face on my dick.

After a few minutes, Eric nudged him to move so they could share.

Sandwiched by Eric and Jay, I savored the pleasure as they went to work. Going back and forth, they took turns...sucking...licking... and exploring. When Eric took over, I felt the head drag the roof of his mouth, as his tongue pressed against the shaft. His head bobbed, and my hips rolled up to meet his lips. One at a time was incredible, but whenever I got attention from both, I nearly lost it. 

I gripped them and pushed them together, pressing two eager mouths, tight against my hard, thrusting shaft. With one on each side, I fucked my dick over their lips, simultaneously. 

After some very heated rounds of cock-sucking, I watched Jay's eyes roll back when his girlfriend came up behind and pushed into his ass. 

He moaned, as she started to pump, "Fuckkkkk...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...that's good...sweetie, fuck me...ahhhh...yeah...fuck me!"

She had her hands gripping his hips tight and she was ramming the big dildo into his ass. As he pushed back, into her strokes, I could clearly see ecstasy in his face. Watching his hot, girlfriend fuck him, captured all my attention; I laid there for several long minutes, taking it all in. 

Karen teased him, "You like my dick, baby?" 

He answered, "Yes...yes...I love that dick;" but then he looked up and smiled, "Rob, I love yers, too."

He moaned as she pumped harder, "I love dick...uhhhh...uhhhh...yesssssss...feels good...ahhhh...ahhhh...fuck me...yeah, fuck me!" 

Smiling with a big grin, he moaned, "Yessss...fuck me...yessssss...yessssss!" The moaning stopped abruptly, when he went down on me, again. He licked and sucked his way down the shaft, expertly taking it as deep as he possibly could, almost burying his nose in pubes. 

Karen pumped into him, while Eric fisted his big erection and watched things go down...literally. 

Eric grinned, "Fuck! This's hot! Here, Jay...buddy, take this bad boy! I need some love, too...suck it, dude"

Now, Eric and Karen pumped him, while I watched. I slapped my dick over my belly, "Shit dude...this is hot! This's sweet, Karen! I see why you like watching...I could get used to this!" 

"Honey, you got that!" 

I wanted back in the game and squirmed out from under the spit roast, to take her spot. "I think it's time you got the real thing but let me lube up."

"Yeah, sweetie! Show me what you can do with the real thing...that big dick!"

Replacing the big dildo, I lined myself up with a very well-fucked hole and rammed forward. He moaned as I put the entire length deep into his core. Once I started pumping, I felt his muscle clench tighter, "Fuck! Dude! That's tight...some tight ass...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...mmmmmm...fuck!"

I grabbed hold of his muscled hips and ramped up the pace, slamming my dick as deep as possible. Fucking always felt incredible, but taking a man's ass, always makes me feel stronger...manlier...more powerful...you know.

As I continued to ram dick deep into her boyfriend's ass, "Oh yeah Rob! Fuck him good! Fuck his ass good...fuck my hot man...fuck'm...fuck'm hard! Mmmmm...I wish you could see his dick. My sweetie's dick...its rock hard. He loves getting dick at both ends...he loves it!"

Because she was dying to do the voyeur-thing and finger herself, Karen was all about getting the strap-on off. She pulled the chair up to the bed, spread her legs wide and went at it.

I pumped his ass and looked over at her, "Dude, ride us for your girlfriend...give her a show...give'r the show she needs."

She returned a big grin, "Yeah baby...gimme a show...ride some cock for me...ride that big cock!"

"Eric, why don't we lay back and let him ride?"

His response was quick, "Mmmm...cowboy...I love cowboys!"

"Well, then that's it...Jay...ready to ride?"

Eric and I sat, side by side, leaning back into the pillows.

Casting a hungering gaze over our twin dicks, glistening in candlelight, then back to Karen, Jay was crazy with lust. They exchanged smiles, while he straddled me, stroked his fingers over the solid flesh and carefully lowered himself to rest in my lap.

He took the entire thing, up his ass and found himself, face to face again, with insatiable needs. "Fuck yeah! Ahhhh...ahhhh...ahhhh...fuuuuuck! That dick...give it to me...give it all to me...mmmmm...can't fuckin' believe how good it feels...love cock...love that cock! Oooohhhh fuck!"

"Yeah give me that ass...yeah fuck...mmmmm! Fuck yeah! Dude, ride that dick...ride it...ride it hard...yeah...yeah...yeah...fuck!"

After some serious moaning and riding, I seriously thought he was going to shoot, but pulled off to give Eric a spin. I looked over, "Ready to give him a good ride?" 

He grabbed the lube and laughed, "This horse's ready...almost!"

While I helped him straddle my boyfriend, Eric humped up to plant his dick.

Jay moaned, "Ahhhhhhhhh...fuck yeah! Yeah...fuck me...ahhhh...ahhhh...ahhhh...fuck me...yeah...yeah, fuck me...gimme that dick...yeah...yeah!"

Watching him ride and lusting for the satisfaction Eric could give, my head wandered. I knew how good that dick felt...it was big, and he could put it deep in your ass. He had size and knew how to use it...it felt amazing when it was rock-hard cock like that. The beautiful, purple head, when swollen, was defined with a prominent rim...that edge could feel so good. The shaft was smooth, with subtle veining...and it got rock-hard. Always...it always felt good. 

I laughed, "Remember, dude...I want my boyfriend back, when you're done. I know how that dick feels and you can't keep him."

Karen giggled, "Well, I want my boyfriend back, too...you only get to borrow him."

My cock, hard, thick and pulsing with need, arched over my belly; I stroked it through my fist, pushing myself closer. My strokes became more urgent, as my thoughts bounced between Eric's dick, fucking Jay and Karen's hot masturbation show. 

Finally, Eric came hard; his head rolled back, and his hips humped up to meet Jay. "Fuck...fuck...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...close...so close! Ready, Jay...ready for it...cumming...yes...yes...yes...fuckkkkkkkkk!"

While I stroked a hand over my shaft, Eric fucked himself dry and said, "Dude, it's me or you. We need finish Robbie. You up for that?"

"Fuck yeah!"

"Well, get on it and finish him off."

Jay swung around to sit on my legs and scooted up, till he was over top and stroking me with crack. I fucked through the heat of my boyfriend's seed, "Mmmmm...fuck that's good, Jay. Ride me...that's it, ride it...fuck...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...ride me, hard...yeah...yeah...that's it!"

"Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck...fuck me!"

I teased him, "Mmmmmm...you love it!" You love this dick, don't you?"

"Yessssss...I love it! Love yer cock!"

"You're a bottom that can't get enough dick...can't get enough dick...can you?" 

"Fuck...fuck no...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...ahhhh...ahhhh...fuck me!"

"Say it louder...tell us what you need!" 

"I need dick...your dick...I love yer big fucking dick! I need to be fucked...hard! Fuck me, hard...fuck me...don't stop...fuck me...fuck me!"

With his dick rock-hard and bobbing wildly, it didn't take long before he was jerking himself closer. Ready to embrace another orgasm from a merciless ass-pounding, he groaned, "Yeah...yeah...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck Rob! That's good...like that...just like that...mmmmm...that dick's good...uhhhh...uhhhh...yessssss!"

His eyes locked with mine and his body shuddered, as he stroked an explosive release over my chest. Cum flew everywhere, as he peppered my skin; it felt steamy hot.

She was manically rubbing her clit and there were glistening remnants of sex and spit all over her puffy lips. "Ohhhh...fuck! You boys are...so...hot...ahhhh...ahhhh...ahhhh...yer gonna make me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...cummmmmmmm!" Her eyes rolled back, "Yessssss...cummmming...cummmmmming...yessssssss...yessssssss...yesssssss!"

After watching all that little display, my balls were ready...so ready. I was on the edge...we'd been at it for a while and I ached for relief. Coated with his seed, my dick pumped through Jay's tight hole. He rode my dick and, crazed with a need, I humped up to meet his ass. 

"Put it in me, dude...put it all in me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh. Yes, like that...fuck me...want all that cock...all that cock juice...fuck me...uhhhh...uhhhhh...uhhhh!

Karen watched her boyfriend ride my dick; she was clearly embracing every second. He was solely focused on servicing my dick...but I knew (we all knew) he was loving it, too. His need to satisfy me...and his craving for dick...it all fed his intense hunger. 

Once I felt my balls roil with heat , I threw my head back and moaned, "Jay...ride it...ride that fucking dick...ride it! Gimme that ass...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuckin' gimme that ass!"

Karen groaned, "Jesus...so fucking hot...baby, ride him...it's so fucking hot!"

My abs tighten and the shaft twitches, "Jay! So hard...uhhhh...uhhhh...so fucking hard...gonna cum...gonna fucking cum!"

He moaned, "Cum for me...cum for me...gimme that load!"

Eric smiled, "Cum for us...cum hard...I know yer close! Cum for us! Give us that hot seed...give it up, dude!"

Hips slamming hard into Jay's ass, my dick finally let loose and I pulsed a load deep in his ass. Jay got a double creampie, as my balls finally got some relief. Adding my seed to Eric's, "Fuck! Uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck!" 

We were both catching our breath, when Jay raised himself up and cum trickled out over the head. It stayed upright and solid for the moment, at least; the sex left it proud and glistening. I gazed over the room and quickly noticed Eric and Jay were still pretty hard, too.

Eric grinned and stroked his hand over me, "Nice job, dude...and nice dick."

Karen squealed, "Whew! That was fucking hot!" 

I voiced my observation, "Buddy, there's seems to be a lot of nice dick, here."

She was just taking it all in. "God! I love it! All the men in this place...it's a sausage-fest...it's like Christmas...you know!"

I started to get up, "Well, I'm gonna clean-up and get a beer."

I looked over at Eric, "Hydration? You need a beer?"

"Yeah, I'll take one...if yer serving."

"Jay? You?"

"Sure...I think I need to hydrate." He held his hand tight over his ass, "But I think I need to clean up, too."

Karen smiled, "And...I think I'm up for Cranberry Vodka."

"Well, come on and help."

"Sounds perfect, sweetie...let me wipe off first."

I slipped on Eric's pajama pants. Once we left the room, she apologized for the intrusion, "Look I'm really sorry the way we barged in, but Jay needed it bad...and that strap-on doesn't come close to what you and Eric have."

I gripped my crotch and laughed, "Fuck! You got that right."

I got a little more serious, "Karen, I'm not saying it wasn't amazing, but in the future, let's be less spontaneous and let one of us know. I mean...I think you know Eric and I are open to things and...umm...I really enjoy watching you as much as you seem to enjoy watching us. Just give us a heads-up...you now."

"You got it sweetie."

It was about one in the morning, when were all sitting on Eric's bed and talking. We all had beers and Karen had her cocktail. I was talking politics with Karen and Eric grins over his beer, "You know we never got to finish...Jay got all the dick...I think you...need to give me some attention. His grin got bigger, "I'm a hungry bottom that needs fucked by my man."

"Jay, sweetie, Eric's right." She laid back into the pillows and spread her legs, "I think we need to do the same...she needs attention."

Jay asked, "Guys, this okay? You know...if we stay here."

Eric and I grinned at each other before I replied, "Wouldn't have any other way, dude."

With, both, Karen and Eric spreading their legs and ready, I laughed, "And I really don't think we have a choice." Ready to satisfy, they were smokin' hot...a sight to behold.

Jay was rubbing lube over his dick while I noticed Karen. Ready for Jay to take her, she had spread her legs and pulled them way back. Her pussy was a tiny pink slit, gapped and glistening with sex. She was tight and athletic, with amazing breasts; they were full, and firm and her nips looked in need of attention. They were deep-pink and centered in small areolas of the same dusky pink. I thought, I really...really wanna taste those girls. When she noticed me checking her out (hardly the first time), her face broke into a sexy smile.

Her labia had become swollen and coated with sex. Once he wedged the swollen tip into the juicy slit, I watched it part around his girth, as he pushed through. Her eyes widened, and she began to tremble as it penetrated deeper. "Ahhhh...ahhhh...fuck! Fuck, that's it, baby...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck me...fuck me!" 

I quickly shifted my attention to my gorgeous man and shoved my tongue through his lips. Before pressing into his ass, I laid him back and spanked it with hardon. I love that initial sensory explosion from penetration, feeling it stretching him and pushing deeper. When I started pumping, he embraced his hunger, pulling his legs back and moaning. The pale skin of his ass contrasted the rock-hard, almost purple, cock plunging into him, again and again. I thrust deep and his muscled ass clung tight; it moulded around the thick shaft.

I glanced over at Karen and then Eric. Their faces were overwhelmed with ecstasy, as we pumped dick into their yearning bodies. Their legs were splayed wide with an intense hunger. 

Despite a fondness for Karen's tits, now bouncing from the fucking, I easily focused on the beautiful cock, bouncing between my boyfriend's legs. Fuck, it was hot...it lurched with each pounding stroke I delivered. It was amazing to watch; it was rock-hard, flopping wildly, and shiny drops flecked our skin. "Ahhhh...ahhhh...fill me up...fuck me with it...yessssss...fuck me full'a cock...hard cock...fuck...fuck me...fuck...fuck...mmmm...yeah...yeah...yeah! Mmmmm...yer cock feels...good, Rob...fuck me...fuck me...fuck me with that fucking big...man cock!"

I wanted to run my tongue over the swollen head...and collect the drops of sugar. I wanted to savor it on my tongue, but I couldn't pull myself from his tight, little ass.

Digging my fingers into his muscled frame, I held his hips and humped into his body. His skin felt warm in my hands and his ass felt steamy hot, stroking over my dick. Grabbing his bouncing dick at the very base, I held it in my hand and slowly pumped his ass.

When we locked eyes, his dick was rock-hard, and his ass gripped my cock, tight. He groaned, "I need to cum...fuck, I need to cum," and pumped his hips to thrust through my fist. 

I knew he was ready...I knew he was on the edge; I humped, deep into his belly and jerked his dick. He was crazy wild with need, writhing in ecstasy; when my fucking finally brought release, he screamed and spilled seed over his belly and down over my fist.

Eric pleaded, "I need your thick cock. Please...fuck me, keep fucking me! Ahhhh...ahhhh...ahhhh...fuck me! Fuck me! Yeah, fuck me! Fuck me, please fuck me!" 

I was close, too...and just kept at it, slamming his hungry ass with dick. His beautiful cock still bounced wildly, as I fucked myself to another orgasm. I was groaning and trying to push his legs back further, when I felt the heat in my balls; they tightened, and I began shooting deep into his belly.

As our orgasms subsided, he moaned while I pulled from his ass and collapsed on the bed. We both inhaled deep to catch our breath, and laid together in a tangle of sweat and cum.

Jay and Karen were still at it. Pushing her legs way back to rest on her shoulders, he was pounding hard, into her pussy.

"Yes, Jay...Jay...yes...uhhhh...uhhhh yeah, fuck me!" 

"Mmmmm...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...gonna fuck my baby girl now...fuck yeah!"

She worked her fingers over her clit, "Oh gawd...yeah! Fuck yer little girl. Yes...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...fuck your baby girl! Make me cum...fuck me...fuck me!"

"Okay baby...gonna keep fucking...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...gonna fuck hard!"

I watched her ride the waves of pleasure. She was fingering herself and moaning. Wrapping her legs tight, she gripped his body and pulled him deeper into her pussy. "Fuck me! I'm cumming again! I'm cumming on yer dick...ahhhh...ahhhh...ahhhh...yeah...cumming on yer dick!" 

Her eyes rolled back, and her little feet curled, "Fuck me...fuck me! Cum in me...cum in me...cum in your little girl! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" 

He continued ramming his dick, balls deep, until finally he shuddered and felt his balls tighten. "I'm cumming, sweetie! Here comes hot cum...hot cum!"

"Yes...yessssss! Do it! Cum in me...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...cum in me...cum in your little girl's pussy!"

He moaned as her pussy swallowed every drop, "Fuck! Yeah...yeah...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...uhhhh...yeah...uhhhh...uhhhh!"

Once he caught his breath, "Sweetie, can I eat that or you wanna do me?"

She smiled, "Sweetie, let me lick you off...this time."

She opened her mouth wide, and he pushed it through her lips. He groaned, "Mmmmm...yeah...that's good...clean it up...get all that juice...yeah...fuck yeah!" 

He moaned as she licked sex from the shaft; and when she'd gotten every last drop from the tip, she raised up and smiled.