 PRELUDE

Wally returned to his dorm room after his workout. He turned the key in the door lock but the dead bolt was on so he assumed that his roommates Roberto and Michael were having sex again. He knocked lightly on the door and Michael opened it a crack to see who was there. When he saw it was Wally he let him in and then quickly closed and locked the door with the dead bolt again. Wally saw that Michael and another student Benjamin, who preferred to be called Benji, were only wearing their BVD briefs. Both of them were sporting boners which were prominently outlined in the underwear.

"It looks like I interrupted something," Wally said with a grin and then asked, "Where's Roberto?"

"He went to the library to get some work done so I invited Benji over," Michael replied.

"Well go right ahead and continue with what you were doing. I'll just kick back on my bunk." 

Benji looked nervous but Michael, who preferred the French pronunciation Michelle, told him, "Its okay, Wally's cool with us having sex in the room."

Michael then approached Benji and kissed him on the neck and trailed kisses down his body to his abs. Benji's 6" cock was rock hard in his underwear and when Michael pulled them down Benji's cock leaped out and bobbed in front of Michael's face. Michael took the cock in his mouth and sucked on it briefly before he stood up and led Benji over to his bed. Wally watched as the two 19 year old students moved into a 69 position and sucked each other off. Benji was now focused on Michael's cock and he was oblivious to Wally presence in the room. 

The two smooth body beauties looked adorable in bed sucking each other's cock and fondling each other's ass. Wally admired their flawless skin and virtually hairless bodies. He could have just as easily been watching two girls eating each other. Wally's cock got hard as he watched so he freed it from his pants and stroked the 8" shaft. Benji was the first to cum and Michael pulled the cock from his mouth and stroked it until Benji ejaculated and shot gobs of cum onto Michael's body and the bed sheets. Michael then took the cock back in his mouth and sucked Benji dry keeping him hard.

The act was repeated when Michael came and the two of them sucked each other and remained hard. Next Michael moved into position to be fucked and Benji got the lube and prepared Michael's ass. As Benji was fingering Michael's shapely ass Wally decided that he would fuck Benji. He took off his clothes and joined the other two on Michael's bed. Wally took the lube and fingered Benji's ass. Benji saw the imposing shaft and he was leery of Wally's big cock and he hoped that Wally wouldn't hurt him. Benji slipped his cock into Michael's ass and began fucking him while Wally continued to finger fuck Benji. Benji actually liked the anal penetration as he fucked Benji and he wished that Wally had a cock Michael's size so that Wally wouldn't hurt him.

Wally satisfied that Benji's ass was well lubed, applied a generous amount of lube to his own cock. Wally moved in behind Benji and pushed his cock into Benji's asshole. Benji panicked and pleaded with Wally to go slow and not too deep.

"Fuck him Wally, fuck his ass just like he's fucking mine," Michael urged.

Benji's fate was sealed and Wally eased more of his cock into Benji's ass. Wally was gentle though relentless in his quest to fuck Benji. Wally would push in a little and stop allowing Benji to adjust along the way. Finally Wally began a rocking motion and began fucking Benji slowly. Benji's ass had stretched enough now that he was comfortable with Wally's cock in him and he resumed fucking Michael. As Benji picked up the pace fucking Michael in the ass he was pushing his own ass back onto Wally's cock. Wally stopped moving as he didn't need to while Benji was fucking Michael. Benji would bury his cock in Michael and in the process his ass would slide along Wally's cock. When Benji withdrew slightly from Michael's ass he impaled his ass on Wally's cock. Wally inched closer and closer as Benji seemed to be able to take more and more of his cock. Then Benji felt Wally's pubic hair brush against his buttocks and he realized that Wally was all the way in his ass. Benji couldn't believe that he had taken all of Wally's big thick cock. Benji was proud of himself now and he picked up the pace fucking Michael and impaling himself on Wally's cock.

Wally came before Benji did but when Benji felt cum shoot into his ass he lost it. Benji's buttocks tightened as he plunged his cock all the way into Michael's ass and unleashed his first load of the day. Benji flooded Michael's rectum with an enormous load, one of the largest he could remember. As Benji's buttocks clenched and unclenched as he came in Michael's ass, he milked every drop of cum from Wally's cock. Wally caressed Benji's shapely ass as he let his cock be milked dry. Wally liked looking at the tanned classmates with their lily white asses. The fact that they had tan lines really emphasized the shape of their curvy bottoms and from this position they were look-a-likes.

Michael was erect again after the fuck session, so he had Benji suck his cock. Wally watched Benji suck Michael's cock and then Wally got hard again. Benji was also hard again after sucking Michael and swallowing his load. This time Michael took Wally's cock in his ass as he sucked Benji's cock. The three of them fucked and sucked until they were drained and exhausted. Wally was not interested in cock but he didn't mind giving them a reach around while he was fucking them in the ass. Wally actually enjoyed playing with their balls and jerking them off as he fucked them.

Wally was done for awhile and he checked the time. He got out of bed, dressed and left the room. Wally passed Roberto in the hallway as Roberto was making his way back to the room. "Hey Roberto, Benji and Michael are fucking in our room. I got them warmed up for you. Their asses are waiting for your cock," Wally said with a laugh.

Roberto blushed and then walked away from Wally. Roberto entered his dorm room and he was pleased to see both Benji and Michael naked in bed lying side by side on their stomachs. Roberto saw that both assholes had cum oozing from them and he recalled Wally's words. Roberto simply took off his clothes and got in bed with the other two boys. Roberto decided to fuck Benji first since he had never fucked him before. Roberto came quickly and ejaculated a huge load in Benji's ass. Roberto remained hard and as soon as he withdrew from Benji's ass he slipped his cock into his roommate's ass. Roberto fucked Michael hard and fast until he came again. 

INTRODUCTION

Wally, Michael and Roberto arrived at college and were assigned the same dorm room. They did not know each other before college but they quick learned about each other's sexual orientation. Within the first month of school they were comfortable having sex with each other and also maintaining their independent life styles.

Michael was of French descent and he was clearly gay. He had a lovely body that was well tanned except for his curvy ass. Michael was 5'7" and weighed around 150 pounds. He had wavy brown hair and beautiful brown eyes. It could be said that he was pretty rather than handsome. Michael had been caught spying on two gays having sex in the woods when a man approached him. Learning that Michael was 18 years old the man sucked Michael's cock and then had Michael suck his. The man also fucked Michael taking his virginity and since that day Michael had had several gay encounters. He loved sucking cock and getting fucked. Of course he also like getting his cock sucked and fucking other cute guys.

Roberto was and handsome well hung Italian boy who was raised by his aunt and uncle. He was 5'9" and weighed about 165 pounds. Roberto was had a dark complexion with long brown hair and brown eyes. Like Michael he was well tanned except for his ass. When he was 18 years of age his aunt and uncle educated him sexually. Roberto's favorite sexual coupling had been with his aunt sucking his cock as his uncle fucked his ass. He had also learned that he could cum in a gay's mouth just as easy. Roberto never felt that his manhood was ever challenged as he just liked the feel of a cock in his ass as he shot his load into a welcome mouth. He also liked the feel of a cock pulsating in his rectum and shooting its seed deep into his bowels. Roberto came in buckets with his volcanic like ejaculations and he relished filling a pretty mouth to overflowing.  

Wally had never been with a gay guy until the summer after he graduated from high school. He had dated several girls in school and had sex with them when they were of legal age. However his sex education was at the hands of his stepmother who had patiently waited until he was 18 years old. Wally was 6'2" tall and weighed a trim 185 pounds. He had been a high school athlete and he was very fit. Wally had blonde hair and blue eyes and he was a handsome young man. His stepmother Gladys could not get enough of Wally's 8" cock and she taught him about oral, anal and vaginal sex and how to please a woman. Wally's first gay sex encounter was with a cute guy he met a movie theater. It was then that he learned that getting his cock sucked and fucking a shapely ass was nearly the same as with a girl.

The first time that the three of them had sex in their dorm room it was totally unplanned and unexpected. They were all in their own beds reading books but Roberto noticed that Michael was shielding a magazine with his book. Roberto moved over toward Michael's bed and surprised Michael when he yanked the magazine from his hand. 

"What have we here?" Roberto blurted out when he saw the pictures of men having sex.

"Give me that," Michael said in a panic but he was careful not to get out of bed since he had a woody.

"I think not. So you like cock do you. Would you like to suck mine?" Roberto said as he dropped his shorts.

Michael looked at the impressive cock and instinctively licked his lips. Wally had now jumped out of his bed and walked over toward Michael and Roberto. "Go ahead Michael, suck Roberto's cock. I'm cool with that," Wally added.

Shyly Michael reached for Roberto's cock and held it in his hand. He gently stroked the shaft and fondled Roberto's balls. The cock grew and stiffened in his hand and then he just had to have it in his mouth. Michael began sucking Roberto's cock. Wally got hard and he dropped his shorts and freed his cock. He wondered if Michael liked to get fucked and he hoped so as Michael had a nice curvy butt.

"Michael, do you like it in the ass?" Wally asked. 

Taking his mouth off Roberto's cock he answered, "Yes but please use plenty of lube. It's in my desk drawer."

Wally got the lube as Michael shed his shorts and got on all fours as he continued to suck Roberto's dick. Wally moved to get behind Michael but Roberto then said, "Fuck my ass first. I love having a cock in my ass when I get sucked."

Wally and Michael could hardly believe what they heard. "It's okay my uncle used to fuck me while my aunt sucked my cock. I love cumming when a cock cums in my ass," Roberto urged.

Wally liked Roberto's ass as it was just as shapely as Michael's. He moved behind Roberto and lubed his roommate's butt hole. Wally also applied a liberal amount to his cock and then used his saliva to make it very slick, something he learned from his step mother. Stooping down behind Roberto, Wally eased his thick dick into the Italian's ass little by little. Wally fucked Roberto slowly as Michael sucked on Roberto's cock. Roberto hoped that Wally would cum before he did because it would intensify his own ejaculation.

Roberto got his wish and Wally shot an enormous load into Roberto's bowels. Wally remained hard and kept fucking Roberto until Roberto came and flooded Michael's mouth. Michael tried to swallow the load but he couldn't keep up and he pulled Roberto's cock from his mouth and jerked him off. Once Roberto stopped shooting, Michael took the cock back in his mouth and sucked it dry. As Michael resumed sucking Roberto's cock, Wally pulled out of Roberto's ass and knelt behind Michael on the bed. Wally used the lube to grease Michael's anus and then he eased his cock into the pretty French boy.

Wally and Roberto stayed in Michael's mouth and ass until they both came again. Michael had in the meantime stroked his cock and ejaculated onto his bed. Wally had left a big load in Roberto's ass and his rectum still felt full which is why he was able to cum again in Michael's ass. The three of them separated and looked at each other with somewhat disbelief. It had all happened so fast and once they got started they couldn't stop.

"I think that it is time that we learned more about each other," Wally said as he sat down on the bed next to Michael.

"Yes, I agree. I'm sure that we all have something to share," Roberto agreed.

"Who wants to go first," Michael asked shyly.

"I will if you want," Wally offered and Roberto and Michael nodded in agreement.

WALLY'S STORY

Wally told his two roommates about his sexual experience before college. "I didn't have sex with any high schools until I was 18 and they were too. In the beginning it was mostly fingering and eating pussy, hand jobs and blow jobs. Later I fucked a couple of girls who were known to put out. It wasn't until my stepmother seduced that I really learned all about sex."

"Your stepmother seduced you!" Roberto exclaimed.

"Yeah she did, one day when she was sunbathing in our yard. The yard is very private and she liked to sunbathe in the nude. I spied on her a few times and even jerked off thinking about having sex with her. Gladys is only 12 years older than me and she is a beautiful blonde with a great body. One day when she was lying on her belly I walked into the back yard and I was mesmerized by her beautiful ass. I had never seen one so shapely and so inviting."

"Gladys spotted me and said, 'Oh good you're here. Do me a favor and massage my shoulders.' I did what she asked and I hard a raging hard-on the entire time. When she asked me to massage her legs and her bottom I nearly came in my shorts. I loved massaging her ass and I would have done it for hours but she turned over on her back. I stared at her lovely breasts and beautiful pussy. She has this cute little tuft of blonde pubic hair near her pussy."

"She next asked me to massage her breasts and I did. Eventually I played with her pussy and fingered her as I played with her gorgeous body. Gladys told me to undress and my clothes flew off. She was pleased with my cock and she told me that I was much bigger than my dad. She knew I was turned on so she jerked me off first and I came within seconds. Gladys sucked my cock to keep me hard and then had me fuck her."

"From that day on we had sex every day that my dad was at work. She taught me everything about pleasing a woman. She loved my massive cum loads and that I could cum 3 or 4 times a day. She taught me about eating pussy, rimming her asshole, 69, anal sex, oral sex and every imaginable position. I never got tired of having sex with her and she loved it too."

Wally noticed that Roberto was intrigued but that Michael seemed distant. "Sorry Michael if this is not what you wanted to hear."

"It's okay but I want to hear about your gay experience."

"Okay, it started in a movie theater. My dad and stepmom went on vacation for two weeks and I stayed home watching the house. One evening I decided to go to the local theater which is only a mile away so I walked there. As the movie started this guy sat in the seat next to me and he was very vocal about how hot the actress was. He had me cracking up and seemed like a nice person. After the movie he introduced himself. His name was Barry and he was home from school in England. He attended Oxford University."

"When I left the theater, Barry surprised me by walking with me and asked me lots of questions about school, where I lived, etc. Then he asked me about girls, dating and my sexual experiences. He asked me about jerking off and I started to get embarrassed. He told me that in England the students were jerking off and playing with each other all the time. Barry guided me into this secluded area and as we stood there, he told me about his sexual encounters with the other boys in school. He explained how they played with each other's cock, how they went down on each other and how some buggered one another. I was getting hard and it was obvious. Barry began to rub my crotch as he kept telling me stories. I went to push his hand away but he told me to relax that he wasn't going to hurt me."

"I wasn't afraid because even given the difference in age I was bigger and stronger than Barry. My erection was in full mast behind my pants zipper and Barry kept rubbing it. All of a sudden I realized that he had lowered my pants zipper and was rubbing my cock through my jockey underwear. I felt this tremendous pressure in my cock as I was definitely horny as I missed Gladys desperately. Barry unbuckled the belt to my trousers and opened them up. He then reached inside my briefs and handled my cock."

"As Barry stroked my cock he kept asking how it felt. Then he told me how lucky I was to have such an impressive cock. I knew that my cock was bigger then average at 8" long and 5" around. Barry spit on his hands and continued to jerk me off. My trousers and briefs were down to my knees and Barry fondled my balls as he stroked my dick. Then he really surprised me by kneeling down in front of me with his face right in front of my cock and he kissed my thighs and licked my balls. I trembled slightly and he sensed that I may cum soon. Barry sucked my cock into his mouth taking me deeper and deeper until my pubic hair was brushing his face. He had a way of opening his throat to accommodate my size and he did things with his mouth and throat that brought me over the edge. His blowing me was just the way Gladys sucked my cock."

"I came in Barry's mouth. He kept swallowing and sucking my cock until I couldn't take it anymore and I was trembling and felt chills running through me. He told me that I shot a quart of cum down his throat. Barry went back to sucking my cock and got me to cum in his mouth a second time. He stayed on his knees swallowing and sucking and within minutes I was hard again. Barry stood up and lowered his trousers and underwear. I had no intention of reciprocating but that was not what was on his mind. Barry reached in his pocket and took out a tube of something; he then reached between his legs and rubbed the substance all over his anus and in his asshole. He smiled at me, got on all fours and told me that he had to have my cock in his ass." 

"Barry had me kneel behind him as he reached between his legs and grabbed my cock. He lined my dick up with his asshole and told me to press forward. I felt his asshole give way and stretch to accommodate my cock. He told me to fuck him slow at first until he adjusted to my size. I looked down and was amazed to see my cock slide in and out of his asshole with all 8" disappearing and then appearing. I was getting into this ass fucking and Barry's ass was gripping me tightly. Barry lowered his head to the ground and arched his ass as I started to pick up the pace and began to pound his ass. It was just like fucking Gladys in the ass."

"I could feel another orgasm building and when I came I felt cum travel from my balls through my cock into his ass. I leaned over Barry to rest as I recovered. Barry had cum just from my fucking him and his semen was on the ground in front of him. That's when I noticed his cock, which paled compared to mine; he was about 5" long and probably 3" around. Barry and I cleaned up the best we could and got dressed. He and I agreed to meet again. I had three ball draining orgasms and I felt as sated as ever."
