 I had never thought of being with another man before. I guess you could say the idea of it repulsed me, but all of that changed in the spring four years ago. I was in a local chat room, when chat rooms were all the rage, and I wasn't finding much in the way of conversation when someone asked if anyone was from my hometown. Although I had not lived there in years, I felt a strange kinship, and answered quickly that I was. After I answered I checked the profile and realized I had answered a man much older than me. I was 23 at the time, and he was 48. I honestly didn't expect him to respond, but then he did.

"Hello," he said.

"Hi," I replied, following the usual chat protocol. He asked me what part of town I was from. I figured he was probably really bored too as the conversation continued on to favorite sport teams, best bars and restaurants, and what movies we had seen in the theatre. All in all it was a surprisingly entertaining chat, and I didn't find any awkwardness in it. And then he finally asked me a question.

"So do you want to get your cock sucked?" 

"What?" I responded. I stared at my computer monitor in total shock. 

"Do you want to get your cock sucked? You have to do nothing in return," he answered.

I sat there trying to think of how I would respond to this. I felt some strange obligation to act polite and turn him down without screaming at him or acting insulted. I liked to pretend I was open minded about those things when it came to other people, and now I was going to have to show that sort of liberal thinking here.

"No thanks. I'm not into guys like that. But it was a good conversation, and nice to meet you. Good luck in meeting up with someone," I finally replied.

"Sure, no problem," he responded. "Maybe we will talk again soon." 

"Maybe. Take it easy." I said before signing off. 

Over the next month anytime I was online he was online, and he would say hi and start up a conversation. For that first month he never again brought up doing anything sexual, it was just regular conversations. At first I balanced talking to a couple of girls while talking to him, and then I was only chatting with him. I never even noticed the transition, but I found myself getting completely caught up in our conversations, meanwhile a friendship was being built. And by the next month we were using our first names. And finally he broached the subject again.

"So Jay, why won't you try anything with guys?" he asked.

"I don't know Nick; I guess I've never been attracted to guys. It's just not my thing." I responded.

"It's a lot different than you think. Men can really suck cock better than women," he replied. 

I found myself pondering this, and had to shake my mind free of it. What was I thinking? Had I just been considering doing things with Nick? He did seem like a great guy, but he was old, then again he did have a lot of experience. All of these thoughts were swirling around in my head and I finally blurted out.

"I'm not gay Nick."

"Neither am I. I enjoy both men and women. And I think you want to as well."

He had set me up. He had been gaining my confidence this whole time to try and seduce me. And the thought that he was trying to seduce me got me hard right away. I panicked and just signed off so I could think about things. 

I didn't go in the chat rooms for quite awhile. I was questioning everything about myself and had started to feel uncomfortable with the fact that I had been talking to an older man and he had tried to seduce me. Everything was going pretty well when it came to women anyway, I was having sex with a limber girl named Emily, and the two of us seemed to be enjoying each other very much. And then one day she abruptly broke it off. And I did what every guy does when they lose a great sex partner, I got piss drunk. Lonely and horny I went on the chat rooms to find a girl that might want to hook up, but instead Nick was on. 

I told him everything, and he just let me vent it all out, he never brought up sex with men once. And finally in an uninhibited moment I asked him.

"What's it like being with a man? I mean what's it like actually fucking one?"

"It depends. Are you asking what's it like to fuck a man, or to get fucked?"

I hadn't thought about this, but the whole time I already knew what I was thinking. He had always been the dominant one in the friendship, and I knew how it would go in the bedroom.

"How does it feel to get fucked?" I responded.

"It feels good. I've done it quite a few times when I was younger. Now that I'm older I'm the one that does the fucking. It's like feeling your body filled up with your lover, and every thrust in is pure pleasure. It does hurtt the first time for a bit. I'd have to be gentle with you." 

"Yes you would," I said before I could catch myself. 

"Should I drive up there tonight?" he asked.

"No. I have to work tomorrow. I should get to bed. Good night." I said quickly before signing off. 

The next morning I realized what I had admitted to him. And what it meant for me as well. I tried to push all thoughts of being with a man out of my mind, but I couldn't. I was curious now. I wanted to know. But I wasn't ready just yet.

Two more months of Nick pursuing me followed. And this time I didn't shut him out when he brought it up. I would ask questions and flirt back sometimes. I was letting him control the conversations, being more submissive than I normally am, and he was taking the lead. The one thing I had power over still was telling him yes. Every conversation online would leave me hard, and with an ample amount of butterflies in my stomach, but I had yet to say yes. It was the day after he told me how good it felt to be clean shaven down by my cock that it finally happened. I realized that right after I had rushed into the bathroom and shaved completely for him, that I had now just done what he wanted me to without him even directly telling me to. I had done it because I wanted to please him. That next day started like a typical chat.

"Hello," Nick said.

"Hi," I replied.

"How are you?" He responded.

"I am completely shaved," I said. I knew that he would see it as a go ahead.

"You want me to come up there," he asked.

"Yes," I responded my stomach in knots.

"I'll be there shortly." And with that he signed off and headed right for me. It would take him at least thirty minutes and in that time I had a lot to think about. I ran into the bathroom and looked at myself in the mirror. I have auburn hair and pale skin, I have a track runner's body, but I am not all skin and bones. As I inspected myself I thought maybe he would find me attractive. I went into the bedroom and picked a pair of soft black raver pants, and a polo shirt. No underwear. As I looked myself over again I realized I never knew what Nick looked like. Just as the thought crossed my mind the buzzer rang. My heart dropped into my stomach, and I was suddenly filled with fear, but there was no going back now as I buzzed him in. I stood out in the hallway and watched him come upstairs with a little bag he was carrying with him. He was bigger than I thought, tall and bulky, but in a well proportioned way. His skin was an olive color and I guessed him to be part Greek. His face was good looking, and he had a full head of salt and pepper hair. I walked back into the apartment without saying a word and he followed me in placing a big hand on my lower back.

Before I could say anything, or even get the apartment door completely closed, his hand was massaging my cock through my pants. I managed to close it while gasping and get it locked. 

"Do you want to go into the bedroom?" I tried to ask.

"Don't talk, just go with it," he replied. He led me to the couch and quickly pulled my pants down and threw them aside. As he stood back up he kissed my cock and licked the shaved area around it. He continued rising and removed my shirt, kissing my chest and licking my nipples. 

I couldn't believe any of it was happening, or that my body was responding so readily to every touch of his hands, or his mouth, I was completely his to do with as he pleased. He was kissing and biting my neck and shoulders when he sat me down on the couch. He spread my legs and pushed them back towards me so I was holding my knees, keeping my legs open for him. His mouth was on me then, licking and sucking my cock and balls, tasting every part of my clean shaven body. And then he pulled me closer and flicked his tongue over my hole. 

I nearly came then as he rimmed, and tongue fucked me. I let out a loud moan, the first I had ever let out, and more moans followed as he went back to sucking me. As he went down the shaft of my cock with his mouth I felt his finger slide into my ass. I was about to cum and didn't want to.

"Stop Nick," I whispered. He stopped and looked up at me.

"I want to suck you," I said. He slowly pulled his finger out, and took his mouth off my cock and stood up. I sat forward on the couch, his cock at face level, and I undid his jeans, and pulled them down to find he had been wearing no underwear either. I stared at a cock up close for the first time. He was already semi hard, about 6" long, but his cock was a little on the thick side. Not a wide monster you see in the porno's, but thick enough to fill me up. As I inspected his cock, he took his shirt off and waited looking down at me over his belly.

I picked it up gingerly and began to suck. And as I felt it grow the faster and more passionate I became. I was doing what he had done to me, and what I thought would feel good to him. As he became rock hard I attempted to deep throat him, and succeeded without a gag.

"Fuck. You're a fast learner, or a natural cock sucker," he said his voice husky. And then he said, "Stop. It's time we go into the bedroom."

He led me into my own bedroom. He noticed the full length closet mirrors and smiled approvingly. He had me drop to my knees so both of us could watch me suck him in the full length mirror, and then stopped me again and lay down on the bed. He pulled me up onto him so I could suck his cock in a 69. It was another first for me. He would alternate between sucking my cock and tonguing my ass, leaving me to stop sucking him and moan loudly. Finally I couldn't take it anymore.

"Fuck me Nick," I said between moans. And he wasted no time. He lifted me off of him and positioned me by the edge of the bed on all fours. He put on his condom and lubed it up. But his thick cock would just slide out. 

"It won't work with the condom on. I am going to fuck you without it." He stated. I waited on all fours for him to do it. Never responding, I was his after all, and I wanted it so badly. And then I felt the pressure, and pain as he entered my ass, slowing pushing to the hilt. 

"Oh fuck," I moaned. The pain made me feel sick to my stomach at first, but as he pulled out and pushed back in I felt the first wave of pleasure. He picked up pace as I adjusted to him inside me, and as he slammed to the hilt, my moans grew louder.

"Oh fuck, yes, fuck me, fuck me fuck me, fuck me harder, ohhhhhh fuck," I screamed.

"God yes, your ass is so tight. You like moaning like you're my bitch don't you?" He asked.

"Fuck yeahhhh...." 

He was fucking me harder and faster now and my moans mingled with his grunts. He grabbed my ass, and gave a slap that made me moan even louder. Then held onto my hips and pounded deep into me. I felt his cock tense inside me, and all of his hot cum came rushing into me. I moaned in one last long moment of ecstasy. He pulled his cock out and I collapsed on the bed. I hadn't cum, but I was damn close when he had. And I marveled at the fact he hadn't even touched my cock to get me that close. I wanted to say something, but I felt his big hands turn me over so I was lying on my back. 

His mouth was on me then, and it didn't take long for me to cum. He continued sucking, drinking every last ounce of me he could, until it started to hurt. I was laying there covered in sweat, with cum dripping out of my ass, and leaking out of my cock, unable to move from the experience. He rose to stand up next to me and noticed my alarm clock.

"Shit. I'm going to be late for work. Next time your tight ass comes to my house," he said. And then he turned and left. I smiled thinking, "I will come wherever you want."