 David and I have been friends, best friends, since our military days when we were in our 20s. We shared many things, including women, in those days and our friendship stayed strong after we were discharged. I moved to California, he to Texas. But once a year we got together on some acreage in Colorado that belonged to my family. It was our male bonding week and we always went alone, even though I was married and he had a long-term girlfriend.

Our trip was always in the same week in January. We would hunt a little sometimes, cross country ski on the 100+ acre property, complete with a couple of ponds and several streams, and hang out in the cabin drinking and swapping stories. It was always fun, even if we were just hanging out.

We'd talk shit about any subject but particularly about women and sex. Nothing was off limits and we often talked about swapping partners, me fucking his girlfriend Lori and he fucking my wife, Dee. We even talked about the two women getting together for sex while we watched. Both women were attractive and we both had great sex lives. 

In those days David and I were in great shape. He stands 5'10" tall and weighed about 200 pounds at the time. He worked out when he could and had very little fat on him. I (my name is Steve) was 6'1" and at the time weighed a lean, muscular 190. I worked out nearly every day and ran 25 miles a week.

The cabin had two bedrooms, that were identical, on opposite sides of the living room. Many a night following a good drunk and some great stories I'd gone to my room, stripped off my clothes, and jerked off. We never talked about it but I always knew he did the same.

We always stayed a week, arriving on Saturday and departing on the following Saturday. We always took two weeks of supplies - ever since that one winter when we nearly got snowed in. Better to be safe than sorry.

Anyway, on one particular trip when we were in our 30s, something happened that changed our January vacations forever. 

We had gone out on a beautiful sunny morning to do some cross country skiing. The sun was bright but the temperature in that Colorado mountain area was down around zero. The exercise kept us warm and we skied to a corner of the property with which we were unfamiliar. We stopped to rest and I took off my skis for a few minutes. I had to pee. 

I walked a few feet from my skis to empty my bladder. I laughed and told David to watch because I was going to write my name. We weren't shy around each other about nudity. As I said, in the service we had shared a few women and we'd done some skinny dipping and naked hot tubbing as well. Seeing each other's cocks, both soft and hard, was no big deal.

When I finished and zipped up I noticed something a little further away that caught my interest although, for the life of me I can't remember now what it was. I waded through the 6 inch deep snow toward whatever it was and heard a crack under my feet. I stopped in my tracks, knowing it was ice.

"I could be in trouble," I said to David. "I'm on ice and it's cracking under me."

"Try to back up," he said.

I tried but the next thing I knew I was sitting on my ass in freezing water that was about 8 inches deep and moving. I'd found one of the streams quite by accident.

David snickered at my predicament initially but I made him understand the seriousness of it.

"Not funny. I'm soaked to the bone, it's zero degrees and we're three miles from the cabin. I could have some real hypothermia issues if we don't get back soon."

He stopped laughing. "Of course, you're right. Sorry. Let's get you out of there."

I was wet from my upper back all the way to my feet. Because I was sitting, the front of me was wet from about my waist down. Needless to say it wasn't comfortable and my skin felt like pins and needles were poking me all over. David came over and offered me a hand, pulling me up and out of the water.

I strapped on my skis and we headed toward the cabin. The exercise helped a little but by the time we were back to the cabin I was shivering uncontrollably and my lips were blue. David got me in the cabin and said "Get out of those wet clothes and get into bed. I'll get the fire going, light the camp stove in the bedroom and get you an extra blanket. You're going to be OK."

I did as I was told, tossing my wet clothes on the floor, and crawled naked under the covers. The shivers seemed to get worse and my teeth were chattering. David, true to his word, had a fire going in minutes, brought the camp stove to the bedroom and lit it on the nightstand, and covered me with another blanket. He stood there looking at me for a minute then apparently made a decision.

The next thing I knew David had removed his clothing and was crawling under the covers with me.

"I saw this on TV once. The best way to warm someone is to share body heat," he said. I turned on my left side away from him and he spooned up against me, chest to back, groin to ass, legs to legs.

"Fuck! You're cold!," he exclaimed. As bad as I felt at the moment I still had the wherewithal to feel sympathy for him. That had to be awful. But I was grateful for the warmth and for his lack of pride in doing it.

David put his left arm under my neck and encircled my chest with it. His right hand began rubbing the skin on my abdomen, pelvic region, and right thigh. He would rub from just above my belly button down to my pubic hair, then up to my hip and down my outer thigh as far as he could reach. He'd then go to the inner thigh and rub upward to my crotch, then around my groin area and back up my abdomen.

Occasionally his hand would touch my cock before he moved it to my hip and sometimes on the way back up he'd accidentally touch my balls. I didn't really think much of it until, after about 10 minutes I began feeling warmer and realized my cock was getting hard. I hoped he didn't notice. That would be awkward.

David's hand began its trip down my abdomen once again and this time it bumped head on into the head of my now erect cock. He paused ever so slightly before resuming the pattern - rubbing up over my hip and down my leg. The return trip this time connected with my balls again and again he paused for a split second before moving upward. The back of his hand rubbed along the length of my cock on the way back up.

I felt David shift his hips slightly and, much to my surprise, I realized his cock was hard as well and was now pressing between my ass cheeks. Could this be happening? We weren't gay. We'd never had any experiences or even conversation about gay sex except for the usual macho teasing now and then. Yet here I was, naked in bed, wrapped in the arms of my best friend (to get me warm) and both of us were sporting hard-ons. 

David pushed his hips slightly forward as he began rubbing down my body again. I could feel the heat radiating from his very hard cock between my cheeks. This time, when his hand brushed my erection, rather than go around he went over it, rubbing it from head to balls before going down my leg. On the way back up he cupped my balls briefly, then rubbed up the length of my shaft. But instead of moving on to my abdomen this time he wrapped his fingers around my cock and gave it a gently squeeze.

I felt his hips push forward into me again. What were we doing? Technically, I wasn't really doing anything but I wasn't stopping him from holding my cock and humping my ass. In fact, I was rather enjoying it.

He moved his hips back an inch or so and I found myself pushing my own back into him. His right hand began slowing stroking my now throbbing erection. He pushed forward again and moaned slightly as he felt the pressure of my ass against his hard dick.

When he moved his hips back again I reached back behind me and found his cock with my hand. I wrapped my fingers around it and pumped it a couple times. He was a little bigger than me - longer at least. I have about 6.5 inches and his felt more like 7.5. It felt surprisingly good in my hand just as mine felt surprisingly good in his hand.

David began pumping my cock up and down. I was leaking pre-cum and he found it with his thumb, rubbing it around my head and then using it to lubricate my shaft for easier stroking. I was doing the same to him behind me. My cock was aching for release so I concentrated on may own orgasm for a few minutes. I kept my hand on David's cock but pretty much stopped moving as I anticipated my orgasm.

I wasn't disappointed. I moaned deeply and David picked up the pace. He was stroking my now the way I figured he did himself; quick, short strokes with just the right amount of pressure. I was ready.

"Cumming..." I said, as the first shot of love juice shot out of my cock. David's strokes became a bit longer, moving his hand up over the head of my cock to catch my cum as he finished jerking me off. My hot, wet cum made my cock slick and I fired off three more ropes of cum. David caught two of them. One hit the sheets.

When he could tell I was spent he stopped stroking me but didn't let go of my cock. I realized I still had his in my hand and began jerking him with long, slow strokes. Then I had an idea.

I wasn't ready to take this any further (as in giving him my ass) so I did what I though was the next best thing. I pushed his cock down below my ass and put it between my legs. He immediately got the idea and began thrusting his cock in and out of the "substitute fuck hole" I had offered. I reached down between my legs from the front and could feel the head of his cock every time he thrust forward. I cupped my hand in position so with every thrust the head of his cock would have a place to rest and my fingers would stroke him on each thrust.

I could feel and hear his orgasm approaching. He started thrusting faster and his breathing became quick and erratic. He was going to explode any minute.

"I'm... going... to... cum," he grunted out. Suddenly he pulled his cock from between my legs, put the head of his shaft against my asshole and unloaded his hot seed between my ass cheeks. I could feel it hit my rectum, hot and wet. He began stroking his cock to help milk his cum out and rope after rope of hot cum coated my ass. It felt incredibly and surprisingly good to have David cumming on and around my asshole.

I reached back and found his cock, pushing his hand aside. I jerked him a few more times before he pushed my hand away and pushed his still-hard cock into the crack of my ass again. He put my hand on his right ass cheek and I pulled him against me. He was still gently stroking my semi-hard cock as we laid there. No words were spoken.

After a minute or two David released my cock and I felt his hand on my ass. He moved slowly and deliberately toward my rectum. I could feel him wetting his fingers in the large amount of his cum that was dripping off my ass. Then I felt his finger rubbing my sphincter.

To be continued...