 Chapter 2 - has more of my fantasies built in. Read chapter 1 first for background. If you don't like gay male, bisexual male, incest, fetish, or other topics, then don't read on. I appreciate both positive and negative feedback. The only thing I don't want to hear about are typo's and poor grammar. I am a novice writer. This is for my masturbatory habits. It's all fiction and all the characters are 18 and older.



I woke up and immediately went to my computer looking for responses to the personal ad I put on the internet last night.

There were 2 emails. One was clearly spam as it told me to go to a website. The other read:

Hello LLMV (Looking to Lose My Virginity)

My name is Sarah and I am 39 years old. I'm divorced and have a son just a little older than you. I live in Laguna Hills and have not had sex since I got divorced almost 2 years ago. I often fantasize about younger men while I pleasure myself. I attached 2 pictures for you, I hope you like them. 

I really don't know what else to write except that your pictures turned me on a lot and I will be picturing your big hard cock as I play with myself tonight in bed.

Below is my instant messenger contact information in case you would like to chat that way. I will be online tomorrow morning after my son leaves for college. I hope we can chat and get to know each other better. I have been looking on here for months but have never found the right person to respond to. I hope you're the one.

Sexy Thoughts,

Sarah

~~~

There were two photos attached and I opened the first one. It was a picture of a set of tits, very nice tits in deed. Not huge but not small either. Her skin was a little on the pale side, but her pink areolas were big and centered on them were what looked like half inch erasers that were very hard. Immediately I began to drool thinking about suckling on them. The breasts on my computer screen were very much like the ones I picture my mom having. Oh yes, I'd love to bury my face in there, or better yet, my cock.

The second picture was a body shot clearly taken by a webcam. It showed her from the tops of her tits to just below her shaved pussy. The picture was a little grainy and a bit out of focus, but my eyes were immediately drawn to the slit between her legs. I had seen thousands of pussies on the internet, but this was the first one that I could potentially fuck. I studied it. There wasn't a hair on her, but there was a small tattoo that said "Mommy" in a fancy way that was surrounded by a flower. God that tattoo was hot and the fact that it said Mommy just made it even sexier.

I've fantasized about my own mom and my sister so much that the taboo of it really turned me on. Yesterday when my best friend asked me to picture a woman I fantasized about most. The picture in my head was of my own mother. That's why I couldn't tell him who I was thinking about. How can you admit to your best friend that you want to fuck your own mother?

I resized both pictures so that they fit on the left side on my computer screen and called up the messenger program. Within minutes, I had logged onto my private messenger name that no one knew about. It was the name I used when I went looking for cyber sex in the adult chat rooms and would jerk off. I punched in a friend request to the screen name Sarah gave me and saw she was not on line.

Knowing she wasn't there, I went and took care of my morning routine. Shit. Check. Shower. Check. Shave. Check. In between every task I walked back to the computer with high hopes she would be online. She wasn't. I dressed and headed down to the kitchen for breakfast where I found my whole family eating at the table. 

My beautiful mother and sister were enjoying bowls of cereal and chatting about their day. Dad just had his nose in the newspaper and didn't even notice my entrance until I said; "Morning Family"

"Good Morning" My mom and sister said almost in unison. Dad just nudged the paper down and tipped his head. I poured coffee for myself and fixed it up with cream and sugar. By the time I was taking my first sip, Dad and my sister were leaving the room.

"Hey baby, would you be a doll and clean up? We're all in a rush this morning, I'd really appreciate it." 

"Sure mom, oh, uh, hey mom, can I stay home from school today?"

"You sick baby?"

"No, I just don't feel like going and there's only a month left of school. Not to mention I don't have any tests or anything important going on today." I smiled at her and gave her my best puppy dog eyes. "Plus its Friday, I can really use a long weekend. Please?" I almost whined I was begging.

"Sure baby, as long as you clean up and stay out of trouble."

"Thanks mom!"

Everyone left and I was home alone. It wasn't even 7 AM yet and I had plans for today. I rushed through cleaning up the kitchen, basically just throwing all the dishes into the dishwasher and took my cup of coffee up to my room.

I got in front of the computer when my email alert sound buzzed. It was from Brad; it said:

I'm very sorry about yesterday and we need to talk, please keep my secret. I talked my mom into letting me stay home from school today because I honestly was scared to face you. I'm hoping that having the day off from school will give me time to build up my courage so we can talk when you get home from school today. I'm sorry again. Text me when you get home and I'll come over.

I broke open my cell phone immediately and text Brad. "IM NOT GOING 2 SCHOOL, COME OVER NOW" I really hadn't put that much thought into what happened with brad yesterday, I mean he's my best friend. I don't care if he's bisexual and I certainly wasn't going to spill his secret. I guess I just didn't know what the right thing to say was.

My phone buzzed, Brad texted back. "B THERE N 20"

I texted him one last time: "DOOR IS UNLOCKED"

I turned my focus back to the computer and deleted his email. Then I stared at the pictures, my cock was getting stiff looking at them and I started rubbing myself threw my uniform slacks. 20 minutes passed by quicker than I thought, I was stroking myself gently and picturing fucking that bald little cunt. My cock was fully erect.

"Am I interrupting?" Brad said from my bedroom door. I was caught playing with myself. Granted I wasn't naked, but the view was clear enough for Brad to see what I was doing.

"Dude, not like you didn't see it yesterday" I tried to play it off, Brad's face was clearly uncomfortable with my statement.

"Should I come back later?" he asked.

"Come in, sit down" I had the first jolt of awkwardness hit me and Brad sat on my bed as I swiveled my desk chair to face him.

"About yesterday..." He aimed to get right into it. I guess he built up enough courage or he just figured it was better to get this talk done.

"Yeah" I responded.

"You um, didn't know, um, that I, um..."

I cut him off mid sentence; "Dude, don't worry about it. I don't care and I'm not going to tell anyone, I swear." And I smiled at him to do my best to help us get past this.

"Really?" his faced looked relieved.

"Brad. I'm only going to say this once because I don't want you to get a bigger head then you already have. Look, I love you man, you're my best friend and well..." I was thinking I should choose my words carefully; "We all have our kinks"

He clearly picked up my meaning, he knew I had something to hide from my statement and I think that put him over the top. I could see in his face that the tension he had built up was going away.

"Cool, I'm cool with that. I was really worried, I mean..." 

"Worried about what?"

"I don't want to lose you as a friend, you know?"

"You're not going to lose me as a friend, just let it go."

"Okay, I will on one condition"

"What's that?"

"Well you said we all have our kinks, dude, tell me yours so I don't feel so out there."

There it was. Just yesterday Brad was pushing me to tell him who I was fantasizing about and today he wants to know my kinks to even the playing field a little or a lot for that matter. His secret is downright small compared to mine. I just wasn't sure if I could tell him.

"I don't know man" I was the one with tension on his face now. "I um... I don't think I..." Shit I had thought I chose my words well and they were coming back to bite me on my ass.

My computer pinged letting me know my friend request was accepted and it gave me an out of the conversation I was just stuck in.

That's when Brad took notice of the two pictures on my computer screen and came up next to me. A pop up box came on my screen, it was an IM from Sarah, and it just said Hello. 

Brad chimed in his two cents worth; "Shit, hot pictures, are they pics of this Sarah girl?"

I typed back; "Hi Sarah" and sent the message then replied to Brad; "Yeah she responded to the ad and the pictures, this is our first conversation."

"Cool, man you see the tattoo, that's fucking hot"

The IM came back; "How are you this morning?" to which I replied; "I'm great, how are you?"

Brad wanted all the details and since this took his mind off grilling me about my kinks, I thought it was a good time to get him up to speed.

"I'm doing very well this morning"

"I'm Mike by the way, can you hang on for a couple minutes. I promise I'll be right back"

"Sure"

For the next couple minutes, I showed Brad the personal ad, although he helped write it, he didn't know what pictures I put up with it. He said I chose good pics to put up. I showed him Sarah's email response and he was up to speed. He sat on the edge of my desk quietly awaiting the exchange.

"I'm back, sorry"

"No problem"

"I loved your pictures"

"Thank you, I really enjoyed yours too"

"I'm glad to hear that"

"I've never done anything like this before"

"Me neither"

"How do we proceed?"

"I don't know, but I do know after seeing your pictures I really want to get to know you better"

"Now I'm glad to hear that because your pictures turned me on so much"

"Really?"

"God Yes! ;)"

"Well maybe we should meet somewhere safe for coffee of something? Somewhere where we could back out if you don't like what you see"

"That sounds perfect, but I can tell you right now that I won't back out"

"How can you be so sure?"

"I'm looking at the picture of your cock right now and I'm dripping wet"

"But you haven't seen my face yet"

"And you haven't seen mine"

"When do you want to meet?"

"How about 10 o'clock at the coffee place on 12th and Mill Ave?"

"Perfect, I'll be there"

"How will I recognize you?"

"I'll where a blue hat"

"Okay and I'll wear a red sweater"

"Okay"

"Okay, see you soon"

"Bye"

~~~

Brad finally spoke up after watching the exchange; "Shit that's fucking hot, good job man!"

Caution told me to not get too excited, but my cock was telling me something entirely different. I was as hard as I ever was and only realized after Sarah logged off. It wasn't even 8 AM yet and I had more than two hours to kill before meeting her.

"Dude you should go, I need to get ready"

"Why can't I hang out with you until you leave?"

"Well I need to get ready and I need to, you know, take care of business" I was trying to be polite, but I wanted the message to get through that I needed to jerk off.

"Ah you need to jerk off"

"Yeah" I said sheepishly.

"Well um, you um, well" He was suddenly nervous again.

"Come on dude, just say whatever it is your thinking, you know I won't judge you"

"Alright um..." Brad was still struggling to say what he wanted. "I..."

"Just say it"

I pushed him enough finally.

"Can I watch?"

"Seriously?"

"Well yeah, I mean, yesterday you, I mean, yesterday we..."

I couldn't believe what I heard. He wanted to watch me jerk off, again.

"Yesterday was..." Now I didn't know what to say.

"Okay, look, I'll just come out and say it. Yesterday was fucking awesome. I mean, watching you, you know what I mean, it was hot and I um, really enjoyed it." Brad's face was scrunched up, he really was putting himself out there and I must have done a good enough job of convincing him it was okay to tell me anything.

"I don't know dude, yesterday just kind of happened and..."

"Yeah I know" He sighed heavily; "Alright if I can't watch then at least tell me your kink, I mean it's one or the other at least"

Fuck, he remembered our conversation that got cut off earlier. I was in a jam now. Do I tell him I want to fuck my mother and my sister and let him find out how much of a freak I am, or do I let my best friend in the world whose bisexual watch me jack off. I don't want to lose my best friend, that's the only thing I am sure of.

"Dude I don't know man, I just don't know"

"Mike, let me put it to you this way. You are my best friend and you know my biggest and darkest secret now. Nothing you ever do or say will ever change that as long as you don't go and tell everyone. I watched you jerk off yesterday, I mean hell. You came on me yesterday. I get it if your uncomfortable doing what we did yesterday, I get that, but whatever your secret kink is, I'll keep it a secret. Besides I think I know what it is anyway, I just need to hear you say it."

"You think you know?"

"Yes I think I do?"

"What do you think it is?" I asked figuring if he said something that wasn't that bad, I'd admit to it whether it was true or not and we could be done with all this and move on.

"Really, you want to know what I think."

"Yeah, let's hear it."

"Okay" He said; "I think..." He paused as if he was crossing a line he knew he shouldn't. "Come on man, I don't want to say it, what if I'm wrong and piss you off."

"Just say it, whatever it is you think. If you're wrong, I promise I won't get mad no matter how bad it is or how far off you are." I gave him free reign to say whatever it was he was thinking. Of course it also solved my other dilemma; I wouldn't have to say it. 

"Okay" He huffed; "I think you want to fuck your mother and your sister!"

My face must have gone white. He hit the nail on the head on the first try. My best friend obviously knew me better than I thought.

"I'm right, I knew it"

I still couldn't speak.

"Relax Mikey, you think that's the worst thing in the world? So what, at least you're not thinking about other guy's dicks like me." He blurted this out almost like it he said it before he thought about.

"Please don't tell anyone" I humbly asked. "Please"

"Dude, I don't think your secret is that secret anyway. I won't tell a soul, but I think your mother and your sister already know"

"What? How?"

"You think I'm the only one that notices you practically drooling over your mother's tits or your sister's ass. Hell I think even your father probably knows."

When he put it like that, I must seem like a giant pervert. Does everyone see me looking?

"So you don't think I'm a freak?"

"No dude, you're not a freak"

"Do I really come off as a giant pervert, can everybody tell?"

"Relax, seriously, I think every guy thinks about his mom like that at some point, at least your only looking at the girls in the house, I mean it could be worse." I certainly didn't understand what he meant.

"What do you mean?"

"Okay, I'll spell this out for you, but then you'll know two of my secrets to your one, so you'll still owe me."

"Okay, fine, tell me" I didn't realize the implication.

"You're only looking at your mom and your sister as sexual playthings. What I'm saying is this; I look at my mom and my sister too but, I also think about my dad and my brother. You just want to fuck the women in the house; I want a piece of everyone in my house."

"Oh" I exclaimed like I understood; "Oh" then it really sank into me.

"I think he gets it now"

"Wow, so incest turns you on too?"

"Yes" He was almost smiling at me; it was more of a grin; "Now you know 2 of my biggest secrets"

"Are there more?"

"Yes but I think that's enough for now"

"Damn! I thought for sure you'd think I was a freak"

"Nope, if you're a freak, then your best friend is a bisexual freak, I still think that's worse"

"Holy shit"

"Yeah I know, right"

"Dude, alright, now that's out in the open, seriously, I need to get ready, and it's already 8:30"

"Oh no you don't, you still owe me one. You know 2 of my secrets and I only know one of yours." Brad had the upper hand on me now and it was clear he was going to try and strong arm me a little. "Come on dude, let me watch, it was so hot yesterday"

All the sex talk and secrets had delayed me enough, fighting this wasn't something I was up to anymore. Not to mention the fact that I'd already done this just yesterday. "Okay, you can watch but that makes us even, alright?"

"Hell no" He fired back.

"What do you mean NO?"

"You'll have to do more than let me watch to make us even"

I didn't know where he was going with this and I wasn't sure I liked it, but I had to ask. "What will make us even then?"

He made a serious face while he looked at me. "No judgment on what I say?"

"None"

He paused some more for serious thought. "Okay I know"

"Okay, what then?"

"Cum in my mouth?" He asked very nervously.

"That will make us even then?"

He nodded and I remembered cumming on him yesterday. It was hot. I mean fuck, I've never done anything sexual with anyone until yesterday, now today I was going to meet a hot MILF for coffee, hopefully leading up to some wicked sex and I really did need to clean the pipes in case they get used later today.

"Okay" I answered, "But that puts us back on even ground, agreed?" I really didn't know how it evened things out, but fuck it; I didn't have time to squabble about it. Not to mention the fact that Brad wasn't the only one who had bisexual fantasies. Every now and again when I watch internet porn, I come across some threesome of two dudes and a chick. I just couldn't help but wonder. I just never really put as much thought into it like he did.

"Sweet" He shot me his patented "I got what I wanted smile"

Before I realized it, Brad was stripping down and his shirt was off.

"What are you doing?"

"Getting naked, why aren't you?"

It just occurred to the full extent of what was happening. He was getting naked too. I was going to jerk off and cum in my best friends mouth. I didn't think about him getting naked and I didn't think about the logistics of making this happen.

By the time the full picture made into my brain, Brad was buck naked with his 6 inch erection jutting out in front of him. There, right in front of me was a naked man sporting a hard on he was waiting on me. I felt a shiver run down my spine and stood up. 

As I lifted myself off the desk chair, Brad kneeled in front of me. It seemed clear that he had thought this through, unlike me. I was fully dressed and he was waiting for my cock. Looking down at my best friend, he was looking up at me. Oh this was a classic porn shot, except normally it was a woman on her knees not a guy.

I didn't move; I was too scared too. Just like yesterday, I needed him to be the aggressor; which is our normal roles. When he realized I wasn't moving, he slowly raised his hands to my belt buckle. Our eyes never broke the connection.

My face must have told him what he needed to know, I couldn't move, I just didn't have it in me to do what had to be done. My buckle was undone, my button was unhooked and he had his hand on my zipper.

The moment of truth, ZZZZZIIIIPPPP; my pants were open. I wasn't wearing underwear and as Brad moved his hands to my hips, a simple motion from him wiggled them far enough for them to drop to my knees exposing my semi hard prick to his face. He broke eye contact to lower his view to what he wanted.

After my pants were down, he didn't move. It was my turn to do what I agreed to do, yet I still wasn't moving, I just looked down at him in awe.
