 Author's note: First of all, thank you for the positive comments on Part 1. I appreciate them all. Secondly - I have never been with a man sexually. It has always been just a latent, occasional fantasy. But I must admit that writing the first story made me hard. If you haven't read it you should start there.

*****

David and I were still laying naked in my bed in the cabin, having just cum together in a very surprising, first-time sexual encounter that neither of us expected. He had been warming my body with skin to skin contact after I fell into an icy stream when both of us realized we we hard and horny. He jerked me off and then "fucked" the space between my legs until he shot his load. Now he was exploring my anal sphincter with his cum covered fingers.

I still wasn't sure how we had gotten to this point. Neither of us had ever experimented with men before. We were open and honest with each other about all things sexual and had even talked about swapping wives sometime. But here we were in bed together and it seemed I was getting ready to lose my anal virginity.

We were on our left sides with David behind me. His cum was all over my ass and his finger was gently rubbing the outside of my asshole. He pushed into me a bit with his index finger and I felt it slide through my ring. It didn't hurt (yet) and I relaxed as much as I could so he could continue. 

He pulled his finger out of me and I felt him collect some more of his cum on the entire finger. Then he slid it back into me slowly, this time pushing it all the way in. He stopped and let it rest there. It was surprising how good it felt at this point. I wondered if I could relax enough to take his hard cock in there. I wasn't sure one way or the other but at this point I knew I was going to try. 

David slowly began pumping his finger in and out of me, helping my sphincter loosen up. After several minutes I felt him insert a second finger into me. I felt a twinge of pain initially but it eased as he slowly continued fucking me with his fingers. My cock was beginning to stir and I reached back to see what condition David's was in. I found his cock rock hard and wrapped my fingers around it as he continued stretching me. My only thought was "Am I going to be able to take this whole thing in my ass without it tearing me in half?"

My cock continued to grow and I was enjoying the feeling of David's fingers inside me. He added a third and once again there was pain. But it didn't last long. After the second or third stroke my ass was open and wanting. It was time for the real thing.

"I think I might be ready for this now," I said, tugging on his hard shaft.

"Are you sure? I don't want it to hurt," he replied. "I think I'll stretch you for a few more minutes."

"If that's what you want, it's OK with me. What you're doing feels great. But whenever you're ready you can fuck me. I never thought I'd say that to another man and particularly not you, but I want you to fuck me. I want you to take my ass."

I couldn't believe the words coming out of my mouth but then - I couldn't believe my best friend had three of his fingers in my ass and I was horny and wanting more!

David pumped his fingers in and out of me for another couple of minutes then slowly withdrew. I let go of his cock as he wrapped his hand around it, lining it up with my well-stretched asshole. I felt the head touch my sphincter then felt him push slowly, deliberately and deeply into me. There was no pain, only the new and interesting pleasure I felt from having his cock inside me. My own cock swelled and jumped as he pushed into me. I could tell that I was going to cum from being fucked in the ass. There was no doubt about it. And I didn't think I was going to last very long.

He started moving slowly, pulling his cock almost out then pushing it back into me in an even rhythm. After several minutes his strokes got a little faster. His right hand rested on my right hip and his left was under my neck and across my chest, just as it had been earlier. My cock was rock hard and leaking pre-cum like a faucet. I wanted to stroke myself but at the same time I wanted to cum just from being fucked. 

"I'm going to cum soon. Your ass feels incredible," David told me. 

"I'm going to cum too," I responded. "Your cock in my ass is making me crazy. I'm going to cum like I never have before!"

Hearing my words must have inspired David because he stopped and pulled out, telling me to roll on my back.

"Pull your legs up," he said as he got between them. I did as I was told, grasping my knees and lifting my ass off the bed. My hard cock lay on my stomach oozing pre-cum and getting me wet. David put a pillow under my ass then lined his cock up again and pushed it into me all the way.

"Now I'm going to fuck you and fill your ass with my cum. And you're going to shoot your's all over both of us," he said. He lowered his body down and propped himself on his elbows. I could feel his abdomen on my cock and knew that when I did explode it was indeed going to cover us both. David began pumping into me again, hard and fast. His breathing became ragged and I could tell he was going to unload soon. 

My own orgasm was building deep inside me. I could feel it growing and the anticipation of it was churning in my stomach. I let go of my knees and grabbed David's hips, pulling him into me over and over.

"Oh God," I said. "I'm going to cum. Fuck me, David! Fuck me hard! This is going to be big! Oh, God. Here it comes! Aaaagggghhhhhh!"

My cock erupted and my cum shot out between us. It was hot and wet and exciting as hell. David felt it on his abs and it sent him over the edge. With a final deep thrust he pushed into me and stopped. I felt his body shudder and his cock spasm as his man-juice filled my ass. His eyes were closed and he shook as his orgasm tore through his body. It must have lasted 30 seconds before he relaxed and opened his eyes. His hard cock was still inside me and he laid there for a minute or two, recovering. 

He slowly slid his softening cock out of me and moved to the side, laying down next to me on his back. His cock was shrinking as I watched, as was mine. Both of our bellies were wet with my cum. 

"I can't believe we just did that," I said. "I never once thought about having sex with a man and never would have thought it would happen with you. But I'm not complaining. That was pretty awesome."

"It was pretty awesome. I have a confession to make," David replied. "I've had anal sex before."

"Who hasn't," I asked. "But not in my own ass."

"No, you don't understand," he said. "I've been fucked in the ass before."

"You let some guy fuck you in the ass?" I asked incredulously.

"No. Lori fucks me with a strap-on," David replied. "I let her play with my ass once and I liked it. She ended up using her vibrator on me then upgraded to a strap on. She loves to fuck me in the ass now and then and I always enjoy it."

"Wow. That's pretty hot. Now I really want to fuck Lori. We need to arrange a swap one of these days. Or a group session with the four of us. Do you think we can work that out?"

David looked at me and smiled. "Lori is working on that this week. You know she was going to spend time with Dee this week, right?"

"Yeah, I know," I said. "So?"

"So she told me she was going to try to seduce Dee and open her up to sharing. Lori says Dee has always seemed to be interested in her and she's going to find out this week if it's true. If I know Lori she has already taken Dee to bed," David told me.

"God, I hope so," I replied. "It would be incredible just to watch the two of them go at it. Do you think we should tell them about us - about what we just did?"

"I think we'll play that by ear depending on what happens with the girls," David said. "I think Lori will be OK with it. She doesn't have a problem with guys fucking. She says it's kind of hot. But what about Dee? Do you think she'll be OK with it?"

"I don't know. But if she's having sex with Lori then I'm sure we can persuade her to go along with other things. We'll have to work it in gradually, I suppose."

"I think our relationship is going to get even stronger now," David said. "If the four of us start having sex together things are going to be even better than they already are. I see a great future in our foursome."

"I agree," I said. "Having sex with one or all of you will be pretty incredible. Hell, I'm ready to go home now and start working on it!"

"We'll go tomorrow," David replied. "You've still got to take my ass. I'm ready to see what the real thing feels like and how it feels to have cum shot in my ass."

"Well, it won't be anytime soon," I said, glancing down at my satiated and resting cock. "I'm going to need some rest before I'm ready to fuck anything."

"Yeah, I'm pretty tired too. In the morning when you're fresh, I'll let you take my ass. I might even suck your cock if you play your cards right," he said. "I've never done it before but the thought of sucking yours somehow became appealing recently."

"I'll let you," I said. "But only to get me ready. The first time I cum in you will be in your ass. Turnabout is fair play."

"True. Does that mean that turnaround is foreplay?" David asked with a smile.

"I think it would depend on which direction you're facing," I said. We both laughed.

"I guess I'll take a shower and hit the bed. I'll see you in the morning," David said.

"I think I'm going to just sleep with the mess," I said. "I'm spent. Besides, we're leaving tomorrow so I won't be needing these sheets again."

"Very true. Tomorrow we'll use my bed for our fun. Good-night."

"Good-night," I replied.

David left the room only to return to the doorway. "By the way..." he said. "Are you still cold?"

We looked at each other for several seconds then both of us laughed hysterically. Cold? Not even a little bit now!

To be continued...