 I left work early because I wasn't feeling well. My husband, Jim, stayed home because he said he wanted time to recover from our weekend getaway to the lake. The front door was unlocked. It was unusual because he knew how much I cared about security. He was not in the living room or the kitchen. 

Our master bedroom door was shut. I assumed he was just resting. I wanted to see how he was doing so I walked towards our room. And then I heard the moans. Throughout my 27 years of existence, I learned not to jump to conclusions. It's probably just porn, I thought. I opened the door. I wished I didn't as soon as I saw what was happening. 

My husband of five years is fucking someone else. Both of them just started their orgasms as I walked in. I know this because when Jim turned his head and saw me, I saw his dilated pupils and slightly curled lips. His face was a mixture of pleasure and shock. He was cumming so hard on the other guy's chest he couldn't stop to cover himself. He was so deep into pleasure. He tried to talk to me, but all that came out were moans. We haven't had that much pleasure in months. 

The guy he was fucking had blonde hair, toned body, and tanned skin. He was definitely attractive. He looked like he's on his early 20s. His face was filled with pleasure. His cum mixing with Jim's. I understood the look. Jim's dick has filled me numerous times. 

"Wanna join round two?" The guy said. 

It was a hot scene. It was tempting. I thought that if I can do this, maybe Jim and I will regain the intimacy that we lost about a year ago. I tried to make it work. I tried a romantic setup, public sex, and some bondage. He would have sex with me, but it was not the same. 

"Mark, I'm - I'm sorry," Jim said, recovering from his orgasm. 

"Oh stop it, he wants to join in." said the guy now wiping the cum off of his belly and chest. 

I realize that his offer might help my marriage. But I value honesty more. I value loyalty more. I entered this marriage believing that we were meant for each other and each other only. 

"Fuck you," I yelled and slammed the door. I walked towards the main door. 

Jim ran after me. He caught my wrist just as I reached out for the main door handle. 

"Mark, I'm sorry. I'm - I'm not attracted to you anymore. You're not the same man I ... I married. Danny just - He just makes me feel young again. He makes me feel attractive. I'm sorry." 

"How long?" I asked. 

He looked down and mumbled, "One year." 

"We're done," I said as I left. 

I drove around town for a couple of hours, not sure where to go. I was not sure about anything anymore. I was hurt by the person who promised to be with me forever. How didn't I see this? I thought. It's all my fault. If I paid more attention. If I stayed passionate, maybe he would have stayed. If I - 

My phone lit up. I glanced to check. Jim has tried to call me ten times. He left five voicemails. However, the most recent one is a missed call from Sam. 

Sam and I met in college. We both studied psychology. He was smart and easy to talk to. His charisma helped him tremendously with the ladies. His built body helped too. He always had one after the other right after his divorce a couple of years ago. I was surprised that he wasn't busy with some chick on a Friday night. 

Maybe he'd know how Jim could do this, I thought. He has slept with a lot of women. Sam knows everything about passion. But he never cheated. All of those women knew what they were getting into. And he never dated two women at the same time. 

I need to be with a friend right now. I called him back. 

"Heeey Mark, what's up?" 

"Hey, Sam. Are you busy? Can we meet?" I asked. 

"Naah. I'm just sitting at home. Come over. What's up?" 

"I'll tell you when I get there. Thanks, man: 

I drove to his house. I was about ten minutes away. I knocked on his door. 

"Hey Mark," he said as he opened the door. He was wearing his old blue shirt and his favorite pajamas. 

"Sam, Jim cheated on me," I said. 

Sam immediately pulled me into his arms. The tears started rolling down my cheeks. It was the first time I admitted and said Jim's cheating out loud. Seeing it was painful. Hearing Jim say it was dreadful. Admitting it to myself was destructive. 

Sam and I moved to the couch. I was still laying on his arms. My crying and heavy breathing have died down some at this point. My breathing was just evening out. He kissed my forehead. He's never done that. 

"Sam? That was -" I was interrupted by him pulling my face up and his lips touching mine. It tasted like cherry. 

He looked into my eyes. I saw lust and interest in his. 

"Sam, I need a friend. This is not a good idea." I said, still staring into his eyes. 

"I want to make you feel better." 

"This is not how. I just - I'm gonna go." I said as I stood up. 

He pulled me back down to the couch. He then pushed my face and kissed me hard. 

"Sam -" I said. 

"Just let me." He said. 

Sam's eye had interest that I haven't seen in Jim's for a while. I didn't want to hurt Sam. I didn't want to get back with Jim for what he did to me. Sam is my closest friend. He's always been there whenever I needed him. 

Maybe it was the pain. Perhaps I needed intimacy that night. Maybe I've been blind the whole time. 

I kissed him. Once. Why am I doing this? I asked. 

I kissed him again. Oh my, God, his lips are addictive. 

I must have been too slow for him. He pulled my head and slammed his lips against mine. I parted my lips to let his tongue in. He pulled his mouth away from mine for a second and licked his fingers. He inserted his hand under my shirt and reached for my chest as our tongues battled against each other. I moaned as his damp fingers, and soft hands reached my nipple. It was amazing. It was great. And then I thought - I don't deserve great. 

I pushed him away. He looked at me. 

"Mark, please," he whispered. 

"Sam. I -" I turned around and walked out.