 Hey guys, 1ForAll here. This is my first story, so please, leave feedback. I apologize about the story starting off slow sexually, but I promise it will come (And no, not in a punny sort of way...)

Anyways, Enjoy!

~~~~~~~

"You good for fucking nothing asshole! Get out of here! NOW!" I heard as I slowly walked up to my room. You'd imagine after 6 years of this shit you'd be used to it, but it still bugged me every time. Like the kind of bugged where you want to go punch his face in, but I know my step-father would kick my ass. He worked out daily, and he lifted more than I weighed as a warm up.

"I SAID GET THE FUCK OUT!" He screamed at me. Apparently I wasn't moving fast enough for his liking. I picked up the pace a little bit before finally getting to my bedroom, and laying down on my bed, stretching out. I hated living at home, but it would be a little while before I could finally get out and head off to college.

Despite being on another level and behind a closed door, I could still hear the shouting as my mother and step-father broke into another heated debate, quickly escalating into physical violence. I hated it, my mother didn't deserve to go through this, and my step-father was an asshole. They married a year after my father's death. I miss him greatly, and I am still upset at the circumstances at how he died. I still remember seeing the twisted remains of the car accident. The drunk collided into my father's side of the car, traveling at about 70 miles per hour in a residential area, with cops closely behind him. He killed himself and my father, and I still miss him. He would always be there to help me, pick me up when I was down, and get me back in the game. Cliché, I know, but it's the truth. I miss his warm embraces when he hugged me... I miss the way his short brown hair always seemed unruly, and yet still seemed nice, I miss the way he would always resolve problems without flinching, talking through them smoothly...

The sound of something breaking dragged me back to reality, and with the sound of a scream that had to be my mother's, I quickly realized that this isn't a normal fight. I stood from my bed, and rushed the stairs, looking to see the situation downstairs. I looked at the blood on the floor, and the man who stood there with the blood on his hands and shirt. I couldn't see my mother, but I knew who's blood that was immediately. I grabbed my cell phone off of my nightstand along with my wallet, and I heard movement going towards the stairs. I was in panic and shock at what just possibly happened. I did grab my laptop bag, with my laptop that I purchased after years of saving nestled inside.

It didn't take a creative imagination to see what he would do. I luckily still had my shoes on; I must have forgotten to take them off when I came into the house to a warm welcome from my step-father. I also grabbed the keys on my dresser before opening my window. I heard the knob turning, and I could almost feel the fury of the demon that somehow passed as a human being on the other side of the door. I climbed out of the window, snagging my favorite hoodie from the pile of dirty clothes I had sitting by the window. I darted to the edge of the room, and I realized that a fall would hurt, and give my step-father a chance to catch up to me. I looked over quickly considering my options. There was a lower overhand that I could use to jump down, lowering the risk of injury and increasing my chances for escape. I sprinted over to it, jumping down without hesitating. I looked over at my window and saw the head of my step-father sticking out. I could see the fury in his eyes from over here. I jumped down and ran for the car parked on the street. I knew he was following me, though I knew that once I got out of there and driving away, I would be temporarily safe. I started up my old Saturn car. It wasn't much of a car, but it ran and that's all I really needed at the time. I shifted into drive, and stomped on the accelerator, feeling the jerk as the car started moving. I looked in the rearview mirror, and saw a figure in the road. He seemingly gave up and reentered the house.

I was safe... for now.

I slowed the car down as my heart stopped racing in my chest. I felt bad for leaving the mess, and possible death scene of my mother like this, but I didn't have much of a choice.

I drove a ways, not knowing where to go. I pulled into the McDonald's parking lot that I frequented. I pulled out my cell phone, not really knowing what to do.

Finally pulling myself together, I called the police. I recounted the tale of what just happened to the woman who answered. She said it would all be fine, trying to be reassuring. She also recommended that I leave the premise if I hadn't already, and go find somewhere else to stay, for safety's sake. I thanked her, and put my cell phone away. I put my head against the steering wheel as I ran through the events of that night in my head.

Well, my mother is either dead or severely injured. My step-father wanted to hurt me. I had no home to live in. 

Things could be worse though. If I hadn't escaped, I'd probably be the second victim. I saved my phone and wallet, my laptop, and my car. 

I then realized that I still had the bag draped around my neck. I set it down on the passenger seat, and leaned back.

I was so caught up in my thoughts that I didn't even notice the figure walking towards the car from the store. When he approached the car, I still didn't even notice him. It wasn't until that he pounded on the window did I jolt from my thoughts, probably jumping through the roof if it wasn't for the seatbelt on me that I didn't even realize I had on. I heard laughing from the outside and I turned my head to see the face of my best friend, Marcus.

"Dude! I got you so hard!" He said while almost laughing himself to tears. I glared at him and rolled down the window, feeling the cool afternoon Minnesota air blow in. I noticed that my friend Marcus's usually tidy black hair was all over the place in an unruly fashion. He also wore a full black sweatshirt over his McDonald's uniform. I completely forgot he worked here when I drove over, probably why I frequented the place. It was fun ordering my friend around. His face was clean shaven, as usual, and his blue eyes shown from the joy that was exerting from him. He was handsome, that was for sure. I never really thought of him in a romantic way, but I knew many that did.

Oh, yea, I forgot to mention that I'm gay 

Now, I shouldn't complain about unruly hair with hair like mine. I had medium blonde hair that hung all over. It always just fell into place and I never really cared how I looked. I have dull blue green eyes that don't draw much attention. I know I'm not handsome, but I also know that I am not ugly. I really don't care though. I was yanked back to reality by Marcus trying to talk while he still laughed, sounding much like a drunk. He quickly realized that I wasn't just grumpy at him, but something was legitimately wrong, and he contained his laughter.

"Hey Daniel, something wrong?"

"Well, my step-father just tried to kill me after probably killing my mother so yea, something is wrong."

He gave me a quizzical expression, probably thinking I was trying to pull over some kind of sick joke. His expression darkened when he realized I wasn't kidding.

"I'll be right back." He said, then he walked back into the store. He reemerged with a bag in his hand and came to the passenger side of the car, opening the door and getting in without even asking for permission. He handed me the bag, and I opened it to a quarter pounder with cheese and fries. I sighed deeply, looking over at my friend. He had a concerned look on his face. 

God damnit, he knew me too well. I reached down into the bag, and grabbed the burger. I opened the box it was in, and started devouring the burger. He laughed a little, probably in relief that he guessed correctly. When I finished the meal, I turned to him, and thanked him for the meal.

"No problem bro. Do you wanna talk about what happened?" He said. I knew he meant well, but I wasn't ready to talk about it.

"Not really" was all I could muster. I forced back tears at the thought of both of my parents being dead now.

"Come on, you can stay at my place." He said. He leaned in to hug me, something that I knew he hated. He didn't like being touched, for reasons he never did tell me. I leaned my head against his shoulder, and started crying. Yea, I probably was acting like a complete baby, but I didn't care. I needed to let it out sometime.

"Shh, it'll be fine bro." He said, slowly rubbing my hair. He was being more intimate than I have ever seen him, but I didn't think twice about it, placing it as him just being a good friend.

"Come on, you can ride with me. We can get your car in the morning." He said. I didn't argue about it, not even thinking twice about the possible consequences. He grabbed my bag, and I grabbed the keys, locking the doors after stepping out into the cool darkness. My pocket buzzed, and I reached into my pocket, pulling out my iPhone. I grimaced, realizing it was midnight. I had a text from Jacob, a guy that I used to play soccer with until I dropped out, though we still talked often. He was asking me about the police cars in front of my house, and I realized that it would be visible from his house not too far down the street. I didn't reply, not wanting to talk to anybody about what happened.

I walked over to Marcus's minivan. Not a stylin' car, but he liked it. Plus it held all the crap he never took out. I sat in the passenger's seat, fastening my seat belt before resting my head on the window, not realizing that tears were still streaking down my face. Marcus didn't care, and drove the short distance to his apartment. He moved out as soon as he could from his parents' house, since he hated being confined to what they wanted of him. He found the place, and it was within his budget, mostly because it was pretty rundown. He never complained though, happy to be away from his parents.

When we arrived, he came over to the passenger side, and opened the door. I started to get out, but he did the most unexpected thing: He picked me up, his right arm under my knees and his left arm supporting my back. I knew he was strong, but damn, didn't think he could carry me so effortlessly. I don't know why he was even carrying me though, but I didn't really care, resting my head on his chest as he walked. I never thought of Marcus as being a sensitive kind of guy, but he obviously knew shit just hit the fan, and he wanted to prove himself as the friend I already knew he was. He lay me down on his bed, and I fell asleep quickly, not even changing out of my clothes.