 Comments, critiques and tips are welcome!

Hello everyone and welcome to the first Chapter of "Iron Rose" sequel to "Wild Flower." I have decided to change the title due to the length of "Wild Flower" and also a change in the plot of the story. I just hope you understand and also like the changes.

By the way, I just had a quick read through the story so you might expect a few grammatical errors but I promise it won't ruin the story for you. This is due to the fact that I am back in school.

*

Miguel, a powerful and sexy titan is all out for revenge on his former husband and his wrongdoers in order to fight for justice. Can his quest for revenge finally bring him the justice he deserves? Watch as the all new "Iron Rose" hits you with the most intriguing story of love and revenge.

Iron rose, one look and you're hooked...

***

Carter was standing in the middle of the big mansion, staring at his mother with eyes wide open. His breaths had seized... his body was completely motionless... his heart was almost jumping out of his chest. He couldn't believe what he had just said.

"What?" He gasped, feeling as if his entire breaths had just left him. "What did you say?"

"This is our new house." She whispered, not losing that smile on her face. "Do you like it?"

"Like it?" Carter frowned, still staring at his mother. "I don't even believe this is our house or how you got it. Do you know how expensive such a house is?"

Yvette was worried her son was gonna ask a lot of questions. It was inevitable and honestly she had no idea if she had answers to his questions. Miguel was already making life so difficult for her. She couldn't understand why he couldn't just come out and tell his brother the truth. She was tired of keeping secrets from her son.

"Of course," Yvette smiled. "I know how expensive it was because I was the one that bought it. It was actually a surprise and it looks like I succeeded too, right?"

Carter looked at his mother, realizing that she was serious. "Mom?" Carter's voice sounded different, shocked. "Are you being serious? Where did you get the money to buy this house?"

Yvette lost the smile on her face and sighed, sitting on the couch. "It doesn't matter son. What matters is..."

"No!" Carter shook his head. "It does. This..." He moved his finger in the air. "...is a very big deal. We've been poor my entire life and now you want me to believe this house is ours. This is impossible."

"I was saving."

"Bullshit, mom!" He angrily stumped his foot on the floor. "Do you think I am stupid? I know you and I know you haven't been saving anything so that won't work on me. Even if you have been saving your entire life, we wouldn't have bought such a big house with everything in here. It is impossible."

The house was truly big. It was a two floor modern white and grey house with a huge surrounding. It had about 6 bedrooms, a kitchen with everything and a beautiful living room. The house had a small pool too so there was no way she was gonna lie to him.

First she had made him explore it all only to tell him it was theirs.

"Okay." She rubbed her now sweaty face. "I... I have been betting." She sighed, making her face look really serious. "I didn't want to tell you because you... you probably wouldn't have approved. Someone helped me. I have been doing it since we arrived and finally..." She laughed, her eyes becoming glassy with tears. "...I finally won 1 million dollars, son. I won and I wanted to surprise you. I know that..."

Before Yvette could even finish her sentence, Carter pulled her into his arms and gave her a really tight hug. The joy he felt at that moment was nothing like he had ever felt before. He couldn't believe they were finally gonna be out of poverty. They were now really rich. He was happy.

"Thank you so much, mom." He said, hugging her tighter. He couldn't mask the happiness in his voice. "You've made so happy and I will forever be grateful to you."

Yvette was really surprised. That was easier than she had thought. She had thought he was gonna be mad and leave for a while but he actually accepted it.

"This is like a dream come true. I love you."

"I love you too." Yvette kissed his hair, hugging him tightly.

'I am so sorry, Carter' She thought, rubbing in his hair. 'I hope you'll forgive me one day when you find out what I had done long ago. I couldn't even tell you that this house was bought by your brother's money including everything. He is the same brother you're trying to steal a man from, your younger brother and fresh and blood. I just wish that... that you two will start getting along soon like it should always have been. I am sorry.'

Carter and his mother hugged for a long time, being emotional with each other.

***

Miguel was busy in his office, checking out some emails that had been sent to his company. He was seated on his lovely comfy chair in a tight blue striped shirt that was tucked in a sexy black trouser with black shoes. His chest was exposed on which a beautiful gold chain was placed. He was looking delicious with his red hair. He was also wearing beautiful spectacles that made him fancier.

He was trying to occupy himself with something to do to avoid thinking about either Christian or Carter and even Brian. He just wanted to forget he had even met them in his life and continue with his big mission.

As he was checking out his emails, the policeman he had hired to frame Carter came inside and stood in front of him. He didn't dare sit because he knew he had to respect don whether he liked it or not.

"You called me, sir?" The policeman said with his head bowed. "I am here."

"Good, Mendoza." He closed the laptop and rested his chin on his hands. "I want you to leave Carter all alone. I don't want you laying your dirty fingers on him. Do I make myself clear?"

To say Mendoza was surprised would be a total understatement. He couldn't believe the man that had wanted Carter hurt was the one now telling him to leave him alone. What was going on?

He knew better than to question him but...

"I don't get it." He frowned, shrugging. "Just the other day, you wanted me to deal with Carter and now..."

"What I wanted the other day doesn't matter." He was raising his voice because he didn't like Mendoza's behavior. "Are you questioning my orders?"

"No, but..."

"I said don't lay your fingers on him." He snapped, hitting his hands angrily on the table. Mendoza's heart gave a sharp pound in his chest. He had never seen Miguel so angry. "Follow my orders or you might just find yourself in a very serious accident involving one of my construction vehicles. You know the kind I am talking about so I don't have to explain myself."

Mendoza gulped as shivers ran down his spine, making him feel cold. He couldn't understand why Miguel was threatening him like that. He was usually a very brutal cop but he too knew when to be submissive. He slowly shook his head as he took a sigh.

"And that goes for your obsession too." Miguel sounded with warning in his voice, pointing at the surprised man. His look was priceless. "I don't want you lusting after him."

"B-but I..."

"I had you watch over Carter but right now..." He chuckled sinisterly, putting his legs on the table. "...I am having some men watching your every move and I tell you, one wrong move and you're..." he gestured to his neck, watching Mendoza's eyes widen beyond their limit. "...you will be done for."

"But..."

"You are either very bold or very stupid, Mendoza." Miguel snarled, shaking his head as if he was about to snap at Mendoza's neck. "You dare question my orders? You think I look like this that I am very weak? Do you think a weak man would own the most important construction business in the entire country?" And to think that in the last three years, the company was unknown. 

"I know you are not a weak man."

"Then do what I asked." He glowered, pointing at him. "And get your ass out of my office."

Mendoza had no choice. He quickly left the office as if the hounds of hell were after him. He had never been so scared in his entire life like he did. Just as he was leaving, he just met with Brandon who was entering the office looking sexy and hot in a red suit.

"What's up with him?"

Miguel sighed, dropping his legs. "Nothing! Forget about that stupid man. What's up?"

Brandon sat on the chair and smiled brightly. "Mark and I were able to put a microphone in Daniel's office."

"Interesting!" Miguel beamed, biting his top lip. "And?"

"He was talking to some Alex guy and he seemed really angry." Brandon said, getting out a recording. "Why don't you just hear for yourself?"

Brandon played the recording and Miguel heard it. But it was just a dead end. Although from the way Daniel had sounded and talked, it was clear he was mad at the Alex guy for something. He even told him never to call again.

"Hmm..." Miguel was disappointed. "I don't think this even proves anything. I can't say for sure he was talking to another dragon." He rubbed on his face, taking a sigh of pain. He was going crazy inside. Why was the last dragon so hard to find.

"I am sorry." Brandon understood how Miguel felt. "But maybe we should just get Daniel and..."

"No!" Miguel shook his head. "We can't do that."

"Then what are you planning on to do with him?"

Miguel remained quiet for a while, thinking about what he was gonna do. He had observed that Daniel was a very good man unlike the bastards he had killed. The guy didn't rape him like the others and he was also helping victims of abuse.

"Let's leave him alone for now." He said. "I guess I just have to focus on my other mission. It is almost time and..."

Before he could even finish his sentence, his phone started ringing. He quickly picked it up and the moment he looked at the screen, he found Yvette's number. He took a look at Brandon and smiled softly at him.

"I need to take this call. It's really important."

Brandon got a little irritated that Miguel didn't trust him. "What should I do Miguel?" He said harshly, clenching his fists. "Haven't I proved myself again for you to trust me again? I am your partner Miguel and you should trust me. I have done enough to prove I can be trusted."

Miguel took a sigh and answered the call. "Yes!"

"I have already done what you had asked me to do." Yvette sounded on the other side of the line. "I have managed to convince him that..."

"I don't care what you do, Yvette," He warned, sounding a little angry. "Just make sure Carter doesn't find out about this otherwise, I don't even need to tell you what will happen to you."

"You don't have to threaten me." She sighed. "I just..."

"I don't want to hear your excuses." He rolled his eyes. "And while you are at it, maybe you can try to keep him out of my way if you don't want brothers to fight over a man."

Now Brandon was looking like a lost dog, looking at Miguel as if he had just been caught doing something awful. He remembered Miguel's words when he had killed the idiot Colonel and it got him really worried.

"How do I do that?"

"You can figure something out." He chuckled. "After all, you are an expert at that."

He hang up and gave Brandon a furious look. "Yes, you heard right in case you are wondering. Carter is my brother." He slowly moved his head, looking straight in the man's eyes. "Now tell me, how come you never found that out when I told you to investigate him."

"W-what?" Brandon stammered feeling busted. "I didn't know that. How was..."

"You are a goddamn lawyer." He scolded. "You were supposed to know and reveal the truth to me sooner. I sent my own brother to jail and was almost about to destroy his life and it was your entire fault."

"What?"

"Brandon, I can't understand what you were doing." He rubbed his face. "Anyway, just forget about it. Now tell me, what are the plans?"

Brandon looked at Miguel for some time and sighed. "Well, everything is set. In a few days, there will be a grand party that will..."

He continued telling Miguel the story and Miguel was just so happy. An evil grin appeared on both their faces as their plans were now gonna be in action.

***

"Mom, no, please..." Carter yelled, getting out of the room into the living room. "You should be able to understand my love for Christian. Why are you against my relationship with Christian when you very well know that I have waited for so long to have him, mom?"

Yvette completely understood Carter but he too was wrong. She was scared of what was gonna happen because although they were in a relationship like Carter always said, she knew that Christian was still not over Miguel. It was visible on his face.

"Why don't you understand me, my son?" Yvette complained, gripping her own hair. "I have been through these kinds of things. It is impossible for a man who was crazy head over heels in love with another just a few weeks back to fall out of love with him and fall into the arms of another. Why don't you get it? Christian was crazy about Miguel until just a few weeks ago."

Carter was really hurt by his mother's words. He couldn't believe she was saying that to him. It was so painful that his heart bled.

"You're being unfair to me, mom." He said with tears building up in his eyes. "You are supposed to be my mother but you're the one who wants to separate Christian and I by all means. "

"You don't get it." Yvette almost shouted, surprising Carter even more. "I don't care about Miguel. He can go to hell for all I care." She lied, stretching her hands to caress his cheek. "But I do care about you and I won't let Christian break your heart because he is still in love with Miguel."

"How would you know?" Carter took a step back, shaking his head. "You don't know that stupid boy." He yelled. "You've never even seen him before. Christian is in love with me. Besides, it makes no sense! Christian can't be in love with him. That boy killed his father."

"How would you know?" Yvette asked, observing Carter's weakness take over. "You were also defending him and besides, Alicia said that she also thought he didn't because she interacted with him before at their house. What if all these things that have been going around are all lies. What if that boy is innocent and all of you are wrong? What if everything he said was the truth?"

Now Carter was shocked. There was something different about his mother ever since she came home that day after he was released. She had started hating Christian for no reason when she never interfered into his issues. Could Miguel have reached to her and warned her?

"Why would you say that? We all know what the truth is and..."

"No!" Yvette shook her head in disagreement. "None of us know because we were not there. Besides, have you even thought of where your supposed boyfriend goes? He goes to search the real killer because up to now, he still believes Miguel is innocent."

"No!" Carter still refused to hear it. "I don't think Christian can go back to that boy because I am sure in the love he has for me."

Yvette got closer to her son and simply smiled. "There is nothing wrong with Miguel and Christian reconciling." 

"What?" Now he was sure that Miguel had probably gotten to his mother. "Did Miguel come here and threaten you to separate Christian and I. He probably traced you and threatened you because he promised to hurt you and..."

"No!" Yvette said with calmness in her voice. "You shouldn't be so worried about it if you're so sure that Christian loves you."

A tear went down on Carter's cheeks, hurting him terribly. He had never heard such harsh words from his mother before. It was too painful for him to bear. Now he was sure Miguel had gotten to her and threatened her. He wasn't gonna let it go just like that.

"You're just trying to break Christian and I, mom." He said, rubbing his tears. "You're being hard on me."

He furiously turned and stormed out of the house. He knew where he had to go because he had had enough of Miguel meddling in his business, his life and even between him and Christian. He was gonna confront him and make him pay for everything.

***

Brandon was busy in his office, studying some files that had been brought to him urgently. However, before he even had time to finish them, he got a surprise visit from the annoying detective, Darren who told he was the prime suspect of Pablo's murder.

Brandon simply laughed and followed Darren to the office. The interrogation started and Brandon answered every question without any fear. Christian was around, trying to cause a commotion because the idiot was the reason he had broken up with Miguel in the first place. He was so mad.

Darren stopped him from committing any mistakes that could ruin everything for them.

"That man killed my father." Christian shouted, pointing angrily at Brandon. "He will pay."

"I know that." Darren sighed, holding Christian's arm tightly. "But don't ruin this before it even starts."

At the station, Brandon was cool and collected and he made his case look like it was just an accident. He knew how to act. After all, he was a fucking lawyer and there was no way they were gonna pin that death on him as a murder even though he had committed it.

Outside, Christian told the Auden that Miguel didn't kill Pablo and there was a witness. His name was Peter and he had confessed to everything. He needed to withdraw all complaints against Miguel. He was happy that Brandon had been arrested.

However, his happiness was short lived when Darren came and told him that Brandon's case was strong.

***

"I know that Miguel had sent you here to frame me but it won't work." Felix shouted in the video. "Go back to him and tell him that his plans won't work this time. I am coming for him."

Miguel stopped the video and chuckled, rubbing sexily on his temple. He was looking gorgeous in a sexy black transparent tank and yellow skinny trouser with his red hair on. He had sandals on his feet and his face was gorgeous.

"So the idiot didn't accept the money." He chuckled bitterly. "I don't think our plan will work against Felix."

"That's where you're wrong, Miguel." Alejandro said with an evil grin. "You see, I didn't just go through computer science in college for nothing. I am gonna fabricate the video and make it look like he accepted the money. The idiot won't even know what hit him."

Miguel loved Alejandro's evil plan. Both of them chuckled evilly but before they could further, Mark came and told him that someone wanted to see him. But before Miguel could even answer, Carter stormed into the house and boy was he angry.

"You!" Carter angrily pointed at Miguel. "I wanna talk to you and end your madness."

Miguel was caught off guard when he saw Carter standing there angrily. He had been the last person he had expected to see in his house. Carter seemed angry and Miguel didn't know the reason why. Seeing Carter, Miguel's heart started beating rhythmically. He felt sensations that he had never felt before. His body got tingly and his hands started itching to hold his hands and hug him tightly. He had been wishing for a brother and now that he was here, he couldn't even come near him.

Mark quickly moved to Carter and blocked him. Miguel wanted to stop him but he refrained from it. Meanwhile, Carter was so angry that he was ready to kill Miguel and bury him if he was gonna leave him alone. With Mark's huge body blocking him and holding his arm so tight, Carter wasn't gonna go away.

"You're always meddling in my life, trying to kill me always." He yelled, his face glowering. Miguel was surprised. "Why don't leave us alone? Stay away from me, my family and my mother. I don't want to do anything with you anymore. If you don't stop, I swear I will kill you and I don't care what happens."

"Hey, brat..." Alejandro snapped, angry that the peasant was accusing Miguel. "Know what you say here, okay? Stop insulting him otherwise you'll get it from me. You're a criminal and if you don't wanna go back to jail, know how to behave."
