 WARNING: In my stories, I tend to use the "n-word" quite a bit. If you can't handle reading that...then please leave.

==========================

My name is Steve, and as a new freshman in college it was hard to make friends. Actually, most of the difficulty in friendships probably came from me being really nerdy. I'm not a very outgoing or social person. In fact, the only thing I socialize about is football. I love football! Most of my free time was spent watching or reading up on my college's football team. 

The star of the football team was Butch, the quarterback. The only problem was...he was black. I know it's not right, but my father always told me that blacks were nothing but trouble. I didn't really care, to be honest. This man was a GOD! There was nothing I loved more than to watch him completely dominate on the field. Sometimes I would see him walk down the hallway, and my heart would start to race, knowing that I had just walked past the best quarterback in current college football. And my life's dream became complete one day when I found out who my new roommate was going to be.

One day I got a message from the university telling me who my new roommate was going to be. I almost couldn't believe my eyes. His name was right there in the email...Butch! Memories went racing through my head of all the incredible games I had watched him play. I couldn't wait until he finally got settled in. I knew him and I were about to have a blast. I waited by the door all day, sitting patiently for him to walk through. 

Suddenly, the door flung open. It was him...and he seemed even bigger than he was in my dreams. I nearly had to rub my eyes; I couldn't believe what I was seeing. He was HUGE! He must have been nearly 7 feet tall. Even with his shirt on, I could still make out the rippling muscles on his chest. He reminded me of one of those Greek statues that I kept seeing in art class. Standing before me was a towering black man made of pure muscle and strength. I was so excited I couldn't even think of what to say.

"You my new roommate, boy?" His voice boomed through the house like a roar.

"Ugh...Yeah! That's me." I could barely get words out through all this excitement. Suddenly, he picked up a suitcase from behind him and threw it into my arms.

"Be a good little boy and unpack that in my room." He barely even looked at me once. Instead, he was just checking the apartment out.

"Of course, Butch. I'd be more than happy to set your room up for you." I ran to his room as quickly as I could and started to unpack his suitcase into the empty dresser. I could hear his thunderous footsteps as he made his way to the room. He walked over to the bed and pressed down on the mattress. His incredible strength nearly made the bedframe snap in half.

"Hmmm...I don't think this flimsy thing is gonna last long." I assumed he meant that it wouldn't support his weight for long. By the time I finished unpacking it was nearly midnight. I walked out into the living room, where Butch was sitting and watching TV.

"B-Butch...I...I finished unpacking." Something about Butch made it hard for me to speak to him. I guess I just admired this man so much that even casually talking to him made me incredibly nervous.

"It's about time. I've got a girl coming over soon." He got up, pushed his way past me, and went into his room. Within a couple minutes, I heard a knock on the door. I figured it was the girl Butch was talking about. I opened the door and was greeted with some of the biggest tits I had ever seen. They must have been at least double D's. She took one look at me and said,

"Don't get any ideas, little boy. I'm here for Butch." Without taking my eyes off of her tits, I pointed back to Butch's room.

"He's just back there." She pushed her way past me and into Butch's room. Once she closed the door, I could hear her turn the lock. I couldn't waste any more time standing around. It was late, and I needed to get to bed. As I lay in bed, trying to fall asleep...suddenly I started to hear loud thumping noises. 

I knew right away what was going on...but this wasn't normal sex. My entire room was shacking from the force of them going at it. Loud grunts and screams echoed through the entire apartment. This was not normal sex, this was extreme sex. Even in porn, I had never heard it get so rough. Suddenly, I heard the girl's voice muffled through the wall.

"That's it, Butch. Don't take it easy on me. Rip this white cunt apart." I sprung up in my bed, my eyes wide open. As an 18 year old boy...hearing that got my dick rock hard. "God damn! You niggers really know how to fuck!" I couldn't believe what I heard. I remembered hearing words like that from my dad when I was growing up, but he was an ignorant racist. I thought for sure Butch was going to yell at her or something. Instead, I heard his muffled voice say,

"Typical honky whore. You'd do anything for this big ol' nigga horse cock, huh?" Moans of agreement and pleasure came from her. Even with all of the racist terms, I still couldn't help but be turned on. Something about a huge, strong man taking control of a woman really got my blood flowing. This must have gone on for hours. It was 'nigger' this and 'honky' that for the entire night. I just assumed that this girl was into dirty talk like that. I don't think I got any sleep that night. I couldn't stop thinking about Butch. I always heard girls talk about how huge black guys were...but I had never seen for myself.

The next day, I tried my best to get Butch out of my head and head to class. As much as I tried, I was unsuccessful. I just couldn't stop thinking about everything I had heard last night. As the day finally came to a close, I felt better knowing that I could just go to bed and forget about this whole thing. As I finally made it home, I could hear sounds of moaning and groaning coming from inside. The voices weren't from anyone that I was familiar with. I walked through the door and looked over to the living room. Butch was sitting at the TV, watching porn. I couldn't believe it. He didn't hear me come in, so I walked over to the couch.

"H-Hey...Butch" I could barely get any words out, my heart was beating so fast. "What are you watching?" He glanced up at me for a second and then continued to stare that the TV.

"Just some good old fashioned porn, boy." I looked over at the TV. There was a huge black guy fucking some really hot girl. I first noticed the massive tits on the woman. They were flopping back and forth as the black guy plowed her doggy style.

"Damn...that girl is just perfect." Butch still didn't look at me.

"Yeah, well...my people deserve the best." I was going to ask Butch what he meant by that...until I finally saw the guy pull his dick out of the girl. As far back as he pulled it just kept coming out, until finally the head come out and the entire monster dick flopped downward, slapping against his thighs. 

I couldn't take my eyes away from it. I had watched porn before, but never anything interracial. Not only was this dick at least a foot long, but it had giant veins running through it that seemed to pulse and throb endlessly. I wasn't gay...but I couldn't help but admire something so incredible. Suddenly, without any thought, I just blurted out what was in my head.

"Holy shit! That thing is huge!"

"It's a decent size, I guess. I've seen a lot bigger before." I just brushed off what Butch said. Clearly he was joking; I doubt that there are dicks out there that are bigger than that horse cock. I finally broke the trance that cock had put me in, and looked over at Butch.

"Well...I guess I should give you some privacy. I'm gonna head to bed." Butch didn't even acknowledge me as I stood up and walked over to my room. I made it about halfway to my room before I had to stop. I knew what Butch was going to do now that he was alone with some porn. I just couldn't stop thinking about all those things that girl had said to Butch the other night. 

Apparently, he's hung like a horse...and if he can pound a girl like how I heard that night, than he's one hell of a man. I just couldn't help but wonder if he really was as big as she kept saying. Curiosity got the best of me, and I quietly walked back to the end of the hallway. I peeked around the corner, ensuring not to hang far enough out that he could see me. Suddenly, Butch reached into his pants...really far into his pants. 

He shoved his hand down all the way to his kneecaps. As he withdrew his hand, he pulled out this monstrously huge dick. I couldn't believe my eyes. As the head finally came out past the shorts, the entire shaft flung up and nearly slapped Butch in the face. I nearly let out an audible yell when I noticed that his dick practically rose to his eye level. I finally realized why he said that the guy in the porno had a 'decent' sized dick. 

Butch's cock was unbelievably huge. It made the foot long dick on the TV look tiny. He grabbed onto it with both hands and started jerking it off. Watching that thing flop back and forth as he ran his hands up and down the shaft was amazing to see. I'm not gay...but something about that dick was mesmerizing. Butch glanced over at me.

"I thought you were going to bed, boy." He just kept stroking his giant dick as he stared at me.

"Well...I...ugh." My brain couldn't think of anything other than that massive dick that was wobbling in front of Butch's face.

"I guess you like what you see, huh boy?" He looked down at my crotch. It was only then that I noticed that my dick was rock hard. "Why don't you sit down, boy?" I didn't even give it any thought; I just did exactly what Butch told me to do. He kept stroking his massive dick as he stared right at me. I finally mustered up the courage to speak.

"Jesus Christ, that thing is gigantic. I...I didn't even know dicks could get this big."

"Of course you didn't, boy. You're probably used to seeing tiny white dicks, huh?" I just sat there, dumbfounded. I didn't know what to say. "Why don't you show me yours, boy?" Even though this all felt really weird, I knew if I didn't do something about my rock hard dick, I was gonna lose my mind. I slowly unzipped my pants and went to pull out my dick from pants. 

I stopped, realizing just how embarrassed I'd be if he saw how tiny my dick was. "Don't be embarrassed, boy. I already know you can't even compare to this monster here." He slapped his dick onto his open palm with such force that the sound echoed through the house. I reached into my boxers and pulled out what little dick I could. I tried the best I could to lighten the mood.

"I guess not all guys are same down there, huh?" Butch just let out a chuckle.

"Yeah, especially not you white boys. You boys are basically worthless in bed with a woman."

"Well...we try our best. We're not all bad, Butch."

"Of course you are, boy. You're all the same." He pointed over at the TV. "See that nigga there? He's been plowing this bitch for a couple hours now, and he ain't even close to cumming! You'd never see that with some dumb white boy. You boys always blow your load in a couple minutes." I didn't know what to think. Everything Butch said seemed to ring true. 

I looked over at the TV screen. The black man had now lifted the girl up by the waist, and was fucking her midair. Butch was right. I watched enough porn to know that this never happened with white guys. But just because this black man was incredibly strong and powerful didn't mean that all black men were, right? "What's your favorite part of this movie, boy?" he asked in a demanding tone. I felt as though I didn't have time to think. I looked over a Butch and quickly said the first thing that came to my mind.

"That guy's...ugh...that girl's tits are nice." Even though it wasn't my intention, my brain wanted to say that his dick was the best part. Butch looked over at me and smiled.

"You were gonna say his dick, weren't you boy?" Butch gave me a cheeky grin. Somehow he knew of the struggle going on in my head. As much as I wanted to focus on something else, all I could think about were the two gigantic black cocks I had just seen. I tried to cover up my feelings as best I could.

"No! No, of course not. I was just surprised, that's all."

"What, you don't like nigga dick?"

"Well...I, ugh..."

"You're not some kind of racist, are you boy?" The lighthearted grin left Butch's face and was replaced by a stern and serious look.

"NO! Of course I'm not. I love black people."

"Then just fucking say that you love nigga dick, boy."

"FINE! I love black dick! There, are you happy now?"

"Black dick!? Say the real word, before I knock every tooth out of that mouth." Butch stood up and formed a fist with his hands. Normally I would have been scared, but I just couldn't take my eyes off his cock. As he stood up, his fat dick plopped downward against his thighs, producing that wet sound of flesh slapping against flesh. It rocked back and forth for what seemed like an eternity, until I realized that Butch was about to beat me up. I thought back to what we were talking about, and I knew that if I didn't just say what he wanted to hear, he'd beat me senseless.

"Ugh...I...I love nigger dick." I'd say anything Butch wanted me to, so long as he didn't beat me up.

"There...doesn't that feel better to say the right word, boy?" Butch was right. There was something about that word that just felt...right. Just saying the word sent shivers down my spine. "Say it again, boy."

"I love nigger dick!" The louder I said it, the more my skin tingled. Just looking at Butch's gigantic horse cock made me feel weak...and yet happy at the same time. I had no idea what this feeling was, but it was an incredible sensation that resonated through my whole body.

"Go on and touch it, boy." I think my jaw must have dropped hearing him say that. Truth is, even though I'm not gay...I kind of wanted to see how it felt. I was most curious about how heavy it was. A big, throbbing dick like that must weigh a ton. "I know what you're feeling. All whites feel like this when in the presence of a horse hung nigga like myself. There's nothing you can do to fight this feeling, but I can make you feel better than you ever have before...just touch it, boy." 

As weird as this felt, I just couldn't help myself. I had to see how this thing felt. The second I reached out and touched the throbbing veiny meat stick in front of me, I felt this incredible rush of pleasure through my entire body. My vision faded for a second and I nearly came in my pants. I could not understand what just happened. It felt better than any drug or source of pleasure that I have ever felt. 

"Go on and stroke it, little boy." As I ran my hand up and down the massive shaft, I could feel the bumps of every pulsating vein. That shiver of pleasure kept getting stronger and stronger the more I stroked it. "I can tell you're loving this, boy. Just look at that mindless smile on that stupid honky face." Even the words he said made me feel hotter. The feeling inside of me kept getting stronger and stronger. I could feel my mind starting to think of horrible things. I couldn't help but think of putting that thing in my mouth. 

I just had to find out what that massive dick tasted like. I remembered back to the girl Butch fucked that one night. She went on and on about how incredible nigger dicks taste. I knew that if I wanted this feeling of ecstasy to keep going...I was going to have to do more than just stroke it. I must have licked my lips without knowing it, because Butch said, "You wanna taste it, don't you boy? Go ahead. Most white boys actually cum just from having a phat nigga dick in their mouths." Hearing Butch say that made me even more confident that I was going to have to suck that dick. 

My dick was still rock hard, and if I didn't cum soon I was going to go crazy. The second that I lightly touched the head of his dick to my mouth, Butch grabbed me by the head and rammed his entire dick into my mouth. Instantly, I began to gag and choke even on just the first few inches. I tried my best to pull away, but Butch just kept pulling my head closer and closer. With every inch I took in my mouth, I felt more and more faint. I was seconds away from cumming, and I would do anything to get to that point. Butch finally let my head go, and my body flew back down on the ground. Strings of spit and saliva flew out of my mouth and ran down my chest. Butch's foot long dick was dripping with spit as it flung back and forth in front of my face.

"Ugh...m-more...I'm so close to cumming...please, Butch." Butch grabbed me by my hair and lifted my head up to his eye level.

"I'm the one calling the shots now, faggot. And if you cum I'm gonna beat you senseless, got it?" He threw me back down on the ground.

"But...Butch I don't think I can keep sucking on that monster without cumming."

"You got your orders, faggot. Now keep sucking, you worthless honky." Butch grabbed his dick at the base and waggled it back and forth until my spit starting flinging off of it. I grabbed his dick and plunged it into my mouth. The harder I sucked on it, the closer I kept getting to cumming. I knew that I couldn't cum, and I couldn't stop sucking this delicious nigger cock. 

I had to find a way to suppress my urge to cum. To my surprise, the longer I held back from cumming, the more pleasure I felt. I kept sucking harder and harder as Butch let out a few manly moans and groans. Butch grabbed his dick at the base and slid it out of my mouth. "You hungry, faggot? If you thought you felt great sucking on this nigga cock, just wait until you taste my thick load right in your stomach." He shoved both of his hands into my mouth and pulled it open as wide as it could go. 

"Now just relax, bitch. This load is gonna go straight into your stomach, and you're gonna love it. You've never tasted anything as good as this, trust me." Butch placed his horse cock into my mouth and pushed it further and further down my throat. I could feel the head pass into my stomach. I felt weird at first, but soon I felt the most incredible feeling I've ever felt. Suddenly, Butch erupted in the most manly sounding moans and groans I have ever heard. I could feel a torrent of cum filling my stomach up. Butch was right...it was the most delicious taste I had ever experienced; better than any food or emotion a person could feel. 

After what seemed like forever, his dick finally stopped spewing out cum. I had no idea just how full he made me, until he pulled out his cock and piles of cum flew out of my throat along with it. Butch picked me up by the throat with one hand and tossed me onto the couch. I could feel how full my stomach was as his cum jostled back and forth inside of me. "Lift that ass up, fag boy." I couldn't even think about what was happening. The incredible pleasure of withholding my orgasm and the delicious taste of nigger cum in my stomach had officially driven me mad. 

All reasonable thought had left my brain. My vision was clouded and all I could think about was more...more pleasure. I lifted my ass up in the air and started to drool unintentionally; there was nothing I could do about it. I knew what Butch was about to do and deep down I wanted it more than I've ever wanted anything else. He pulled apart my ass cheeks and placed a finger against my butthole. As he pressed harder, I could feel his tip of his finger sliding into my virgin asshole. Just feeling this giant black man's finger inside of my asshole was getting me even closer to cumming.

"Just do it, Butch. I've admired you since the first day I met you. I'd do anything for you, sir." I could barely even make out what words I was saying in my head. All I could focus on was the pleasure that was about to come. I felt the head of his monster pressing against my tight butthole. As he pressed harder, I could feel myself stretching out to unimaginable lengths. I thought that head was massive before when it barely fit in my wide open mouth. My poor asshole was being ripped apart just from the tip. "Holy fuck, Butch...I don't think I can take anymore." I felt like my entire ass was going to split in two.
