 My closest friend Travis was standing in front of me, fists clenched by his side as tears started to well up in his eyes. He had just opened up to me about something big, and obviously it was too much for him to take. I opened my arms, stepped up to him and wrapped my arms around his body. I hugged him close, his head resting my shoulder. Then his arms were around me and we were hugging tightly. His body felt so good pressing into mine. He smelled of soap, deodorant and a light fresh cologne. We both stood about the same height, 5'9"-ish, so Travis's head rested on my shoulder with ease. He turned his head and whispered "I've wanted to tell you for so long Sai." 

We hugged for a little longer then I moved my head back and as I did, he lifted his head from my shoulder. Our faces were so close. I smiled, leant forward and kissed Travis lightly on the lips. Then again, this time licking his lips with my tongue. He opened his mouth and we started deep passionate kisses, our tongues intertwining with each other. Our hard cocks inside our pants were pressing against each other as we hugged and kissed. Travis's cock felt massive inside his pants. Then he pulled his head back and looked at me questioningly. 

"What?" I said.

"I'm confused Sai. Do you feel the same way?" Travis asked.

*****

So let me take you back a bit and tell you how we got to this point. My name is Isaiah, I'm currently 18, live at home with my parents and brother in North West London and have been madly in love with Travis for ages. I'm 5'9" tall, slim bodied, a mop of dark wavy hair on my head, reasonably attractive but am no Brad Pitt. I have a small patch of dark hair in the middle of my chest, and a trail of hair leading down from my navel to my pubes. My cut cock is about 7", thin with a slight upward curve when hard and a big bellend head, and my balls are tight. My ass is firm and tight, my legs are solid muscle, though not overdeveloped, as I cycle everywhere. I'm gay - I think. I've had no desire in my teenage years to sleep or have sex with women though I can appreciate a woman's beauty. I mean c'mon... Julia Roberts, Jennifer Aniston... stunning right? 

I met Travis when we moved to this house about 5 years ago, and I was placed in a new school. I was a geeky lad back then, not really interested in sports, but very knowledgeable about tech - computers, tablets, phones, anything. I could pick up some new gadget and be using it like a pro within minutes much to my older brothers disgust, or envy - never worked out which. 

I sat next to Travis in my first class (Maths) in my new school. He was about my height and build, dark blond hair, blue eyes, with a few spots on his cute face. We didn't talk much at first but as the day wore on, I found we were tending to sit together in a couple of classes. By the end of the first week we were always sitting together, both in class and at lunch. We chatted so easily it was like we had known each other for years. He was also a techie lad and we were often comparing our respective possessions. I was into Apple stuff, whereas Travis was into other PC and phone brands. He had started calling me Sai by the end of our first week together. I liked that - no one else called me Sai and that felt good. 

As our school years progressed, we grew to be great friends. Even after school or on weekends we'd hang out, ride our bikes, go to the movies, or visit the local PC or phone shops and try to convince each other that our personal preferences for tech was the best. 

*****

So that was how Travis and I met. And now here we are a few years later, both 18 and about to finish high school. Travis called me this morning and said he needed to see me because he had something to say. I told him to come over as my folks were out all day visiting my grandmother and my brother was over at his girlfriends place. When he arrived I could see straight away he was tense and upset. His blond hair hung down into his eyes which was very unlike him, but I always liked him like that. Made him look so sexy. He wore tight jeans and a white shirt that was open at the neck and a couple of buttons down. I could see the top of his hairless chest. I was wearing a loose t-shirt and going commando in a pair of thin sweatpants. 

"So what is so important Trav?" I asked. I watched as he paced around the kitchen nervously and then he blurted out "I got into Uni in Manchester. I can't go until I let you know what and how I feel. But I don't know how you will take it. I don't want to lose your friendship but I have to be honest with you." He stopped pacing and looked at me. I stood up and stood in front of him, put my hands on his shoulders and said "Nothing you can say will stop us being friends as far as I'm concerned. Go on - say what you need to."

He stepped back from me and said "I'm gay Sai. I like men. And I like you. In fact I like you a lot."

I just stood looking at him, my mouth slightly open. Fuck, I thought, why didn't I say something beforehand. He's just told me he is gay, he fancies me, and he is going to fucking Manchester in a couple of months!!

"Say something Sai, please," Trav said as his eyes started to water. 

So ... that's where you joined us.

"i've wanted to get you into bed for ages Trav," I said as I kissed him again and pulled his body tighter against me. I grabbed hold of his hard cock in his pants and started rubbing it. I pulled his zipper down and his cock fell out - he wasn't wearing underwear too. Dangerous I thought with the zipper, but luckily we didn't have an accident. Travis's cock was beautiful. About 8" long, as thick as a beer can and uncut. The term 'grower not a show-er' came to mind as I had no idea his cock would be that big and thick. I took hold of it and felt the heat emanating from his huge hard shaft. I pulled the foreskin down then back up and as I did so, a bead of pre-cum gathered at the piss slit on his huge knob head. I rubbed the pre-cum over his knob head and sank to my knees. "I've also wanted to taste your cock for ages." 

I pulled on his cock and another bead of pre-cum came out of his slit which I immediately lapped up with my tongue. Then I ran my tongue around the knob head. Fuck this is big, I thought. I'm not gonna get much of this in my mouth. I licked the shaft and around the head again, then opened my mouth wide and started to push down on his cock. I wanted this beautiful cock in my mouth. I pushed Travis's jeans down so his balls were free. They were hairless and hung low with the rest of his pubes being neatly trimmed. I really wanted as much of his cock in my mouth so I opened my mouth as wide as I could and pushed down. Trav was moaning with his head tilted back.

"Fuck that feels so good Sai. Suck my big cock buddy."

I was bobbing up and down on his hard cock and running my hands under his shirt over his abs, then I moved my hands around to his ass and felt his firm ass cheeks. I was in heaven sucking on my best friends big cock. I pulled his ass and cock towards me so he went as deep as I could take him. I wanted to gag but he pulled back so I got a bit of relief but then he started thrusting forward again fucking my mouth. I started rolling his balls around in one hand while playing with his ass with my other hand. Then the hand on his ass moved into his crack and I could feel his hole with my fingers. I had my fingers playing with my friends ass hole and his cock in my mouth!! Suddenly he said "I'm gonna cum Sai." This was it - not only my first cock, but my first taste of cum that wasn't my own. 

Travis's balls pulled up, his cock got harder and twitched and then he shot his hot cum into my mouth. Three, four then a fifth spurt of his jizz went into my mouth. It was so sweet and thick - totally different to mine. I loved it!! I wanted to keep drinking his cum forever! As he stopped spurting Travis's cock got very sensitive and he shuddered when I kept him in my mouth and played with my tongue on his cock so I pulled off him and pulled up on his still hard shaft. Another big bead of white cum gathered at his slit, which I tenderly licked off onto my tongue, then swallowed. I stood up, my hard cock tenting my sweatpants and leaving a big wet patch. I was so close that when Travis started rubbing my cock I gasped and blew my load into my pants. 

We kissed passionately so Trav could taste his own seed from my mouth while we ground our cocks against each other. "Sorry Sai. I wanted to suck your cock and fuck you" 

My cock was still raging hard. Having the object of my lust in my hands with his cock taste still in my mouth, my cock wasn't going to go down that easy. "We my cock is still hard Trav, Let's go upstairs." Travis's cock was still hard as well. He pulled up his jeans, took my hand and I led him upstaIrs to my bedroom. 

When we got to my bedroom, Travis spun me around, held my head in his hands and kissed me. I grabbed hold of his hard cock that was poking out the top of his jeans still wet from my spit and his cum. He ran his hands down my body and gripped the bottom of my shirt and pulled it off over my head. He pulled my body in closer and ran his hands down my back and into my sweat pants, grabbing hold of my ass cheeks. HIs fingers started playing with my hole, stroking and probing, trying to get his finger inside me.

"Fuck your hole is tight Sai" he said. "I'd love to put my cock inside you and fuck you."

"Mmmm that sounds good Trav, but I've never been fucked and your cock is so big."

"Do you have anything to lube up your hole? I will be gentle. Please let me try."

"I have some hand lotion I use when wanking. It's very slippery so could work" I said.

He pushed my sweat pants down, turned me around and starting breathing on, kissing and licking my hole. It felt so hot to have his tongue licking and soaking my pussy with his spit. I bent forward and pulled my ass cheeks apart to give him better access. He was making me seriously horny and I knew I was going to have to try and get his cock inside me. I wanted him to fuck me and cum in my ass. I wanted to feel full and owned by my best buddy.

I stepped forward, grabbed the hand lotion from my dresser and handed it to him. He squirted a big dollop on my hole and started working it around and inside my pussy with first one finger then two. My hole was loosening up but I still wasn't sure his cock would fit. Trav covered his cock in lotion and told me to get on my hands and knees on the corner of the bed with my legs spread and ass as low as possible. He still had his jeans around his ankles when he stepped up to me and positioned his huge knob head against my hole. 

"Try to relax and push out your hole a bit as if you're going to shit" he said. When I did he put his hands on my shoulders and started gently pushing his cock against my opening. Fuck it was hurting already but I really wanted him inside me. He pushed some more and the head of his cock popped into my eager pussy. I instinctively clenched my ass.

"Oh fuck that hurts" I said. He stopped pushing and waited so my ass could get used to the invasion. After a few minutes my ass was OK - it felt like I was pushing out a big log but not sore. "OK try and get deeper Trav" I said.

He started slowly pushing his cock in, then pulling back. Each time he pushed forward he was going further. My ass hole was stretching to take his big cock. It felt both uncomfortable and exciting to have part of his hard cock inside me. "I'm about halfway buddy. Are you OK?" he said.

"Just hold for a minute." Travis stopped and bent forward so his chest was laying on my back, his hands moving to my front and wrapping around my body. After a couple of minutes of just feeling his cock stretching my hole I said "I want all your cock Trav. I'm ready. Push it all the way in, don't stop."

Slowly he pushed forward and I felt his whole 8 inches gain entry into my pussy, till his pubes were pressing against my ass cheeks. "Oh fuck Sai, that feels so fucking hot. I'm all the way inside your ass. Your hole is so tight."

My ass felt fucking amazing - stuffed full of my best friends hard cock. Trav was letting out little moans and sighs when his cock was deep inside me. He was pressing against my prostrate making my own hard cock drip precum all over the bed. It was coming out of my piss slit in a steady stream. "Fuck me Trav. Fuck me hard."

He started to pull out till almost completely out of my ass then rammed his cock balls deep inside me over and over again. My pussy started to relax, I couldn't get enough of Travis's cock inside me. I started thrusting my hips backwards to get his cock as deep as possible. He was fucking me! My best friend was fucking me! He pounded my ass for ages, all the while I was begging for his cock and for him to cum in me. I hadn't touched my cock but suddenly I felt that tingling feeling in my balls and said "Fuck Trav, I'm gonna cum. You're fucking the cum out of my balls. Fuck me Trav, shoot your cum into my guts. Oh fuck, oh fuck OH FUCK!" i cried as my cock started spurting jets of my hot cum across the bed. Jet after jet of cum shot from my cock. My ass had clenched as I came, pushing Trav over the edge. 

"Fuck Sai, I'm gonna cum, I gonna cum. I'm fucking CUMMING" he yelled as he pushed deep in my pussy. My ass chute started to get warm as I felt his hot cum unload from his cock inside me. He must have shot about 6 ropes of jizz in me. He was breathing heavy and dropped his body down on my back as he kept slowly thrusting his cock in and out of me. I slowly fell forward onto the bed soaked in my cum, carrying Trav with me, his cock still buried inside me. He kissed me on my neck and held me tightly. "Oh fuck Sai. That was amazing. I've wanted to fuck you for so long" he said between kisses. 

I loved feeling his cock and cum in my ass as he wrapped his arms around me and just held me. He was still hard too. Fuck my friend has stamina I thought. I wonder if he can fuck me again soon?