 It all started innocently enough, I guess. Henry went to the same gym I did, and he was the kind of guy you couldn't help but notice. Tall, probably 6'4" or so, around 220lbs, incredibly muscular body without being "too cut", if you know what I mean, and skin the color of a Hershey bar. He was just gorgeous.

I had flirted with the idea, when I was in college, of trying sex with another guy. I'd even gone so far as to go to several adult video arcades with every intention of sucking off or being fucked by another guy. But every time a hard cock would come through the glory hole to me, I'd get scared and leave. But I'd always go back to my room and beat off until I exploded all over my stomach and chest, imagining I'd sucked the cocks like a whore, even letting them come into my booth and bend me over and pound my virgin ass.

When I met Rita, who later became my wife, I forgot all about those fantasies. She's this wonderful, sexy, auburn-haired beauty who I fell in love with as soon as I met her. She's a few inches shorter than my 5'10", says she's fat (though she only weighs about 150 pounds), and has just fucking amazing curves -- 40DD-28-36; my kind of woman. Sex with her, which started the first night we met and continued regularly until this day, was incredible. We never got bored with each other, and our "sex personalities" were in perfect sync. We were, and are, so happy together.

Anyway, back to Henry. As I said, it all started innocently enough. We evidently had the same work schedule, as he and I would both arrive at the gym at about the same time, both of us in slacks and button-down shirts. Occasionally, we'd change at the same time, giving each other the "head nod and hey man" that guys give each other in locker rooms when they're undressing.

After a while, though, after a workout, it timed right so that he and I left the gym and went back into the locker room at about the same time. As we were undressing, I caught a foreign motion out of the corner of my eye that made me look, and I tried hard not to stare. The motion was his cock springing free from his shorts, and god it was HUGE, even soft. Easily 6" long flaccid and it looked as thick as a soda can, the head just a shade lighter than the shaft.

I quickly turned away, not only so he wouldn't think I was staring, but also so he wouldn't see how wet my lips were or the bulge that started to press at the front of my shorts. I wrapped a towel around my waist and headed for the shower, but as I passed by him I could've sworn he had this playful smirk on his face as we nodded to each other.

That was when my life started to change. I changed the lengths of my workouts so that most days we'd have to change and shower at the same time, just to get a glimpse of that cock. I thought of his cock and his body all the time, wondering how it would feel and taste, how much he came, whether he liked to fuck slow and easy or hard and fast. When I was in bed with my wife, I'd sometimes think as I was fucking her that it was Henry fucking me, and just the thought of that would make me lose it and flood her mouth or pussy or ass with my cum. When I went down to eat her sweet pussy, I started using her favorite vibe on her as I licked and sucked her clit -- the long, thick black gel vibe she loves so much, occasionally letting it "accidentally" slip out of her cunt so I could sneak a quick suck on it.

About a month after I first noticed him, we were dressing after a shower when he finally introduced himself. We shook hands, made some small talk about lifting weights and sports, that sort of thing. We reached a lull in the conversation, and he just blurted it out as he dropped his towel and reached to pull his trousers out of his locker, "you like what you see, don't you?"

My head jerked around toward him, and he was standing there, trousers in one hand and the base of his cock in the other, slowly lifting it up and down. I tried not to, but I couldn't help but stare as I watched it rise and fall, those full, heavy balls swaying under it, looking so delicious. I couldn't answer verbally, just nodded my head "yes" as I salivated thinking about his cock.

"How about you get a taste of it then?" His words snapped me out of my trance and I looked up to his eyes, then glancing around quickly to make sure no one could see or here before whispering "Here?"

He laughed as he dropped his cock and started stepping into his trousers, saying "no man, somewhere a little more private." I thought quickly, remembering it was Tuesday and it was my wife's scheduled day to work late. "How about my place then?" I asked, and he just smiled and said "Okay" as he continued dressing. I quickly threw on my clothes, barely able to concentrate, and ended up having to tie my shoes three times, I was so nervous.

He followed me back to my house, and I had to keep restraining myself from touching my cock through my pants as I drove, wanting to save it for later. All the while, crazy thoughts kept running through my head: What the hell am I doing? I'm not gay, am I? God I hope he fucks me hard. Just a jumble of nerves.

In almost no time, it seemed, we pulled up in my driveway and he followed me through the door and into the living room. I turned to say something, but before I could I noticed he'd unzipped his pants and had placed his hands on my shoulders, pushing me to my knees.

He grasped my head lightly, guiding my mouth to his cock. I loved the scent of it, just slightly musky mixed with the scent of soap. I loved the rubbery feel of the head as I licked and kissed it before sucking it gently, trying to do to him everything I'd loved done to me in every good blowjob I'd ever received.

He must've liked it, as I felt his grip increase just slightly and he groaned "Oh yeah baby that's it, suck that cock." His words, as much as his actions, turned me on in ways I'd never been before. I felt his cock grow between my lips and press against my tongue as he told me how good I was, how hot my white slut mouth looked on his cock, what a great cocksucker he'd found. He guided my head slowly up and down, my lips tight and wet around the shaft, pushing his cock in just until he felt me start to gag and then pulling back, developing a slow and easy rhythm.

I was lost in his cock, varying the suction so sometimes it was hot and tight, sometimes loose and sloppy so it made those slurping sounds. I lifted my hands from my thighs so as to keep myself from touching where my cock strained at my trousers, one hand sliding around his hard, taut asscheek, the other lifting to cup and gently roll his balls. The flavor of his pre-cum was like nothing I'd ever tasted -- salty but still slightly sweet, and flowing like crazy over my tongue.

I moaned hungrily when I felt his fingers grip my head tighter and he pushed me away gently as he pulled his hips back, his now rock-hard cock popping free from my mouth and dancing invitingly just out of reach. I tried to get it back in my mouth, tongue darting out to get just a taste that he wouldn't allow me to have. He turned and walked toward the back hall, shedding his clothes as he went, pausing to look back over his shoulder and say "Come with me" before disappearing down the corridor.

I sprang to my feet, so eager to get his cock back that I'd do anything he asked of me. I practically sprinted down the hall and into the bedroom that, until then, only my wife and I had ever had sex in. He was standing beside the bed, slowly stroking his cock, still wet with my saliva, and said simply "Strip".

I was naked in seconds, my own 6" cock standing straight out and so hot and throbbing it actually hurt a little. He gestured toward the bed, and I knew just what he wanted -- I practically jumped on it, I was so hungry. Not saying a word, he reached out to me, and I let him move me to where he wanted. I ended up with my feet up by the pillows, on my back with my head hanging over the foot of the bed.

He stepped to me, almost but not quite straddling my face so that his balls rested on my forehead and his thick, fat black cock rested on my lips and nose. "Now I'm going to fuck that mouth good" he whispered and, lifting his hips a little, guided the head to my mouth. I moaned and my nostrils flared as his cock filled me, feeling him ease forward slowly and gently, pushing on even when I gagged a little, but I noticed in this position the sensation soon passed and he was able to keep going until I felt his balls on my nose.

He leaned forward over me, his hands on the bed on either side of my hips, and my hands rose instinctively to his chest, finding his nipples and toying with them. "Oh yeah, that's a good slut" he moaned, started rocking his hips slowly. I was so turned on I thought I'd pass out, this black god using my mouth the way I'd used my wife countless times. Fucking my face slow at first, but every 4th or 5th stroke letting the pace quicken a little. The only discomfort I felt was in my jaws and lips stretching around the thickness of his cock, but I barely noticed as he just kept fucking and fucking and fucking.

My fingers clamped lightly on his nipples, at first anyway. I soon noticed that the harder I pinched the faster he fucked, and god I loved it. When I started twisting them, he pounded my slut mouth like a jackhammer, his balls slapping and bouncing off my eyes and nose as he used me for his pleasure. My thoughts were broken only momentarily when he growled "You ready for my cum, slut?" I did my best to nod, but I think he got the message as I felt and saw his balls draw up tight, his thrusts became shorter and harder, his spit-slicked cock seeming to grow and throb even more.

He cried out as he came, pulling back so that only the head was past my lips, me sucking like a greedy bitch as his thick, hot seed erupted into my mouth. So much hotter, so much thicker, so much sweeter than his pre-cum -- so delicious. I tried and tried to swallow it all, but inevitably some of it leaked out around the sides of my lips and trickled over my cheeks. With a final shiver he finished, pulling back, leaving me laying there with my jaws slightly sore, my stomach full of his cum, and me scooping up the trickles with my fingers and licking them clean hungrily.

He chuckled a little as he watched me, glancing down at my cock and seeing it still standing rock-hard. He asked me if I was married, and I nodded yes, and then he asked "Does she know?" I shook my head no, and he chuckled again. "What time's she due home?", and I answered "Not for some time yet." His eyes narrowed a little and he smiled wickedly, growling "Good, then I'm gonna break that ass in too, but first let's take care of you."

He moved onto the bed with me, positioning himself on his hands and knees between my legs. I braced myself for his mouth on my cock, and was surprised when I felt him lift my legs over his shoulders, spreading them wide. "Go ahead and stroke it, slut" he whispered, just before I felt one of his fingers pressing at my tight, virgin asshole. My hand dropped between my legs and I started stroking just as his finger slipped inside. "Don't cum until I say so," he whispered again, and I made myself slow down, not wanting to do anything to stop the incredible feeling his finger in my ass was giving me.

His hand was rocking slowly, in and out and in and out, occasionally feeling a dollop of his spit added to his finger. "Oh god please" I moaned, feeling so ready to erupt. He ignored me, continuing his finger-fuck of my mancunt with two fingers now instead of just one. I started rocking with him, pushing my slutty ass back against his hand each time he pushed in. "Pleasepleaseplease" I whimpered, "please let your slut cum for you."

It amazed me, in some small part of my mind, that I wasn't the least bit embarrassed or humiliated by my words. Because that's what I'd become -- his slut to do with as he pleased, how and when and as long as he pleased. "What are you?" he said, just barely loud enough to hear. "Oh god I'm your slut and please I need to cummmmmmmm" I wailed, wanting and needing it so bad.

He murmured a soft "Now slut", and I let go, finally given his permission. My whole body jerked and spasmed, almost to the point of cramping, as I erupted. My cum splashing against my stomach, my chest, a little even reaching my neck as he let me have that pleasure. He just kept his fingers pressed into me fully, wiggling and rotating them, sending my orgasm on and on and on until I thought I'd pass out.

Finally, as it started to subside, he pulled his fingers from me slowly and with a soft "Good slut", he patted my balls and lifted to his knees. I looked down my cum-soaked body at him there between my legs, his sweet ebony cock again hard and standing proud, almost double the size of mine.

"Roll over, slut," he commanded, and I did it without the slightest hesitation, onto my stomach with my legs spread wide and my hips lifted, offering him my manpussy to use as he wished. Again, for a fleeting moment, it passed through my mind how completely and utterly I'd given myself to him... his slut, his cum receptacle, just his. "Where's the lube" he asked, and I told him we kept it in the top drawer of the nightstand. I heard and felt him move to retrieve it, and was a little surprised when I felt something thump onto the bed next to my head. I turned my head and gasped, not only at seeing the picture of my wife that I kept on my nightstand laying there, but also because of the cool glob of lube he'd squirted onto my hole.

As I felt his finger work the lube past the pucker, he asked if that was my wife. I moaned, pushing back against his finger like a wanton whore, just nodding my head. "I wonder if she had any idea the kind of cockslut you are," he said, and I couldn't respond, biting my lower lip as he let a second finger join the first, sliding in and out and twisting side to side. I just let him do as he wished; barely caring that I was being unfaithful to the woman I loved for the first time in our marriage.

I almost cried out when a third finger was inserted, feeling him really pushing and finger-fucking my ass harder and faster, my cock trapped painfully under me. "Oh god please," I was able to moan, to which he responded "Please what, slut?"

"Please quit teasing and fuck me" I practically screamed, and I heard him chuckle as his fingers slipped out of me, feeling him move and his weight covering me. His log of a cock flopped between my asscheeks, and he commanded me to reach back and spread wide for him. I did it without thinking, just wanting and needing his cock in me.

What started as a moan when I felt the mushroom head start to stretch my pucker quickly grew to a panting scream as it pushed me wide open, feeling him pause when the ridge at the base of the head popped past the ring. He just rested there, letting me get used to him, feeling his hot, moist breath on the back of my neck. "Is my slut ready?" he whispered, and again I couldn't respond verbally, just pushing back against him, wanting all of that sweet, thick, black meat in me. Feeling him move behind me, pushing with agonizing slowness, feeling every ridge and bump and vein on his shaft as he took me completely.

I thought for a moment that if he kept pushing his cock would get caught in my throat if he didn't stop soon, when I felt his fat, heavy balls against mine. Again he paused, fully inside me, making his cock jerk and twitch against my prostrate, making me moan even more. "Pleasepleasepleasepleasefuckme" I gasped like a slut, and he did.

His hands resting on the bed next to my shoulders, I felt him start rocking above and behind me, pulling back until the head threatened to pop out, then sliding back in, each motion sending a wave of pleasure through me. His heavy gasps and breaths so hot and hard on the back of my neck as he used his slut for our mutual pleasure.

"Oh yeah, you like that don't you?" I heard him gasp, letting the force and tempo of his thrusts grow faster and harder a little at a time. "Oh fuck yes I love it" I almost yelled. "Tell me what you like," he commanded; "I love the feel of your sweet black cock in my manpussy," I yelled again, "Please don't stop - give it to me harder."

He did as I begged him, pounding me harder and harder into the mattress, almost grunting with exertion, his balls slapping wetly against mine. "I think he truly does love being a slut for my thick, black cock." Not thinking, I answered the only way I knew how, by begging him to do me harder and faster and simultaneously pushing back to meet his thrusts. The pain/pleasure combination sent shockwaves through my body, the friction of my cock being ground into the bed had me so close to cumming I could hardly breathe.

"Pleasepleaseletmecum" I whimpered, the need so bad in me. "What do you think, should I let my slut cum yet?" he asked, his fingers digging into my hips now as he pounded me harder and faster. Just as I opened my mouth to answer, I heard a familiar, husky voice respond, "Not yet, let him feel you cum first."

My head jerked around toward the sound of the voice, and I was shocked to see Rita sitting in the chair by the dresser, her nipples stretching the fabric of her white silk blouse taut, her hand between her legs and rubbing her cunt through her panties. I had no idea what to do, but the pleasure Henry was giving me had me too far gone to stop, I was slamming my ass back every time he thrust forward, his cock impaling me mercilessly and I loved it, even though my wife was sitting right there across the room, watching what until that day she thought was her heterosexual husband being fucked by a thick-cocked black man like a whore, and loving it!!!

I could feel him swelling in me, his thrusts growing more urgent and his breathing more rapid and raspy, I knew he was close. My wife stood and walked to the bedside, bending down to whisper in my ear, "Let me hear you beg for that thick black cock to cum in your ass, slut." Her words, the tone, the atmosphere almost made me explode, but I was able to hold back for fear he'd stop.

"Oh god please give it to me, fuck your slut like a whore and fill my manpussy with your cum" I wailed. My wife's fingers snaked under my body to my nipple and she twisted hard, whispering "Good slut," just as I felt his open palm come crashing down on my asscheek. I was screaming, lost in lust, almost unable to stop myself from cumming. "You ready, slut?" he growled, and the only thing I could do was whimper and scream, unable to form words.

With an almost violent shove he lurched fully into me, his cock throbbing and swelling, pulsing mightily as he exploded deep in my bowels, the pressure on my prostate finally too much, feeling my own cock jerk and erupt in time with his, his cum seeding my slut ass as mine flooded the sheet underneath me.

My heart was hammering in my chest; my head was throbbing from the force of my orgasm as I felt him start to come down, his thick meat softening gradually inside me. I felt the flood of his juices flow out of me and over my balls as he slowly, almost gently pulled out of me. I jerked and almost screamed as I felt my wife reach back and slip two fingers easily into my abused ass and use them as a scoop to gather some of his cum. I sucked and licked them clean like a greedy whore as she offered them to me again and again until I could feel no more of him in me.

I lay there, gasping for breath and covered in a thin sheen of sweat as my wife sat on the bed next to me. "How long have you been home?" I asked, now somewhat relieved that she was okay with what she saw. "The first thing I heard was slut begging 'Please quit teasing and fuck me'," she said, and I rolled over slowly, not even bothered that she was calling me a slut the same as Henry had.

I reached out for her, pulling her to me with one arm as the other reached the other way, my hand grasping the sweet, thick, black cock that now owned a part of me. Her hand reached out to join mine on him, her lips pressed softly to my cheek, and my ass clenched and my cock twitched as she whispered, "Maybe Henry would like to make me his slut, too."
