 My best friend lived in London. He moved down there around two years ago, with his girlfriend.

We have been friends since we were kids. We knew everything about each other, including my being gay.

I was sat at home when he called me out of the blue.

"Hello." I said.

"Hi mate." Steve replied.

"What do you want?" I ask, laughing.

"I was thinking of coming up there this weekend." He announced.

"Both of you?" I asked.

"No, Tammy is going to some spar with her sister." He said.

I can't say that I was disappointed. His girlfriend and I have never managed to get along. She always hated how much time Steve and I spent together.

"Can I stay in your guest room." He asked.

"Sure." I answered.

"Thanks mate." He said.

"No problem." I replied.

"I'd better get off the phone before I get into trouble." He said.

"Ok mate." I said, laughing.

"See you on Friday." He said.

"Bye mate." I said, before ending the call.

On the Thursday, I got the guest room ready and made sure that the fridge was well stocked with beer. Knowing that it was going to be a messy weekend, I made sure to have an early night.

I got out of bed Friday morning and took a long shower, to wake myself up.

After showering and drying myself off, I got dressed. I wasn't planning on going anywhere, so I wore some sweatpants and a tank top. I never wear underwear under my sweats, especially when I'm staying home.

Steve arrived at my house, around four o'clock. He let him self in, as he always has done.

"Hey." He said, closing the front door.

"Hi mate." I replied, standing up to greet him.

"Take your bag upstairs, while a make a coffee." I said.

Steve started to head up the staircase and I went into the kitchen.

I turned on the coffee machine and went back to the living area. Steve was already back downstairs. He was now standing in the middle of the room.

"I brought that with me." He said, pointing at a PlayStation game that was sitting on the coffee table.

"What is it?" I asked, reaching for it.

"Look at it." He said, sarcastically.

Scanning the front of the case, I saw that it was Mortal Kombat. It's a fighting style game that we used to play together. We played a much older version of it, this was the newest one.

"I thought we could play, like old times." He announced.

"Yeah, that's cool." I said, putting the box back onto the table.

I went back to the kitchen, to get the coffee.

"You got a boyfriend yet?" Steve asked, following behind me.

"No, I'm still single." I answered.

"You're better off that way." He said, smiling.

I didn't comment because I knew that I would end up just bitching about Tammy. Instead, I filled two cups with the coffee and handed one to Steve.

"Thanks mate." He said, taking the cup from me.

We went back into the living room. I sat on one end of the sofa and Steve sat in a chair at the other side of the room.

"I don't want this." Steve announced, putting his coffee on the table.

"Why not?" I asked.

"Because I want a beer." He answered.

"Go and get one then." I said.

Steve stood up and went into the kitchen. He came back into the room, holding two bottles of beer.

"I'm not drinking alone." He said, passing me one of the beers.

"I should of known." I said, smiling.

We continued chatting while we drank the beers. Before long we had pounded six beers each.

I hadn't eaten all day, so I was starting to feel the beer take effect. Steve seemed to be in the same state as me.

"Shall we play that game then?" He slurred.

"Sure mate." I answered.

After putting the game into the console, Steve picked up the two controllers and sat on the sofa next to me.

"I bet that I win the first match." He said, confidently.

"No chance." I said.

"Alright, the loser has to down a beer." He announced.

"Ok, it's a bet." I said, regretting it straight away.

Steve and I have this thing with bets. We make bets on the silliest of things. When a bet was in place, it was more of a promise.

We started playing the game. Steve well and truly kicked my ass. The match was over in no time, with Steve being victorious.

"You are shit." Steve said, being his usual cocky self.

"Fuck off." I said, jokingly. 

"Down it then." He said, passing me a full beer.

"No way." I said.

"A bet is a bet." He said, smirking.

I'd never backed out of one of our bets and I wasn't going to start now. I took the beer from him and downed it, with difficulty.

"Good lad" Steve said, as I finished the beer.

We had a few more matches and Steve had won them all. I was ashamed of myself, I used to dominate that game.

"Ready for another match." He asked, already choosing his character.

"I'm ready and I'm gonna win this one." I slurred.

"You will not." He said.

"I will." I argued.

"I bet you that I will win." Steve said, confidently.

"Winner gets a blow job." I said, jokingly.

"It's a bet." He replied.

"Seriously?" I asked, regretting what I'd said.

"The bets in place, no going back on it." He slurred.

"I had better win then." I said, a little worried.

I tried to focus as the match started. Steve's character launched a volley of attacks, quickly winning the first round. I started to sweat, thinking that I was going to lose the whole match.

The second round began. My worry must have motivated me, I won the round in very little time.

"Fucker!" Steve shouted, playfully punching my arm.

Looking at his face, I saw that Steve wasn't as worried as me. He seemed be more pissed at losing the round.

The third and final round started. Steve started off strong, attacking me with everything he had. I was about to lose when I saw my chance.

After bombarding his character with special moves, he fell to the floor. After a quick finisher the match was over.

"You wanker." Steve said, once again hitting my arm.

"That was close." I said, pleased with myself.

"I almost had you." He said.

"Yeah, almost." I agreed.

Steve started to choose another character, getting ready for the next match.

"Oi, get it done then." I said, placing my control pad on the table.

"What?" He asked.

"You owe me a blow job." I said, smirking.

"That isn't gonna happen?" He slurred.

"A bet is a bet." I said.

"Fucker." He said, hating that I used his own line against him.

"Come on." I said, smirking.

"Ok." He said, sliding off the sofa.

Taking hold of the waistband, Steve started to tug at my sweatpants. I lifted up my butt, allowing him to pull them down.

We have seen each other naked before, so he had very little reaction to seeing my flaccid cock.

He took hold of my dick and started to tease my helmet with the tip of his tongue. He was giggling, clearly finding the situation funny.

I gasped as his lips wrapped around my shaft. His warm mouth moved up and down my cock. My dick began to harden in his mouth.

"Fuck, that feels good." I moaned.

His fingers wrapped around the base of my cock, gripping hard. He wasn't giggling anymore, he was getting into it.

"Oh yeah, suck it." I said, placing one hand on the back of his head.

I pushed down on his head, forcing his mouth further down my cock. Steve gagged a little, taking all seven inches into his mouth.

After making him choke on my meat a couple more times, I released his head. He took my cock out of his mouth and started to stroke it slowly.

"You like it?" He asked, looking up at me.

"Fuck yes." I answered.

"Good." He said.

"You seem to be enjoying sucking me." I said.

He just smiled at me then looked down at me cock.

He once again wrapped his lips around my helmet. He started to stroke my cock harder and faster.

"Oh fuck." I moaned, closing my eyes.

I could feel myself pumping pre into his mouth. I knew that if he carried on like this, it wouldn't take me long to cum. I let him take me to the edge before grabbing his hand, making him stop.

"What's wrong?" He asked.

"I was getting close." I said, opening my eyes to look at him.

"You don't want to cum?" He asked, with a confused look.

"I do, but I thought you wouldn't want it in your mouth." I slurred." 

"I want it." He said, taking hold of my cock.

He held my throbbing cock with one hand. His other hand connected with my balls. He gently teased my sack with his fingers. Enjoying his touch, I closed my eyes.

"Oh fuck." I moaned, feeling his warm tounge slide across my balls.

He continued to lick my sack for a couple of minutes. He then put his mouth around both of my balls and started to suck.

"Oh yeah." I moaned.

His tongue massaged my balls, making me more sensitive with each movement.

"Was that good?" He ask, after taking his mouth from around my sack.

"God yes." I replied, with my eyes still closed.

I gasped as he once again took my cock into his mouth. With his lips around my helmet, he started to quickly stroke my shaft.

"Fuck." I moaned, felling myself getting close again.

Hearing my moans, he picked up the pace and started to wank me off like his life depended on it.

"I'm gonna cum!" I said, as my whole body clenched.

His mouth started to work up and down my cock, following his hand.

"Oh fuck." I moaned, as I started to cum.

I opened my eyes and looked down at him. Shot after shot filled his mouth. I hadn't cum that much in a long time. Before long, I was finished and his mouth was full of my cum.

He took my cock out of his mouth and smiled at me. I had expected him to spit my load out of his mouth. Instead, he swallowed it all with a big gulp.

"Yummy." He said, licking his lips.

"That's hot." I said, struggling for breath.

Steve let go of my cock, got off the floor and sat back on the sofa. Sitting right beside me, he unbuttoned his jeans.

"I need to cum." He said, pulling his cock out.

He started to stroke his solid rod.

"I'll do it." I said, knocking his hand away from his cock.

I started to slowly stroke his dick. He pulled his shirt off, over his head.

"That feels good mate." He said, throwing his shirt on the floor.

He put one arm around me and the other rested beside him.

I couldn't help myself, I leaned in and planted a kiss on his lips. It was meant to be just a peck but he kissed me back.

I began to stroke him faster, feeling him throb in my hand. He moaned while we made out. I knew he was near shooting.

"Oh shit." He gasped, pulling out of the kiss.

With no more warning, he started to cum. He shot a huge load, most of which landed on his hairy chest. He came even more then I had.

I let go of his satisfied cock and gave him another kiss.

"Wow." He said.

"You liked that then." I asked, smiling.

"That was amazing." He answered, trying to catch his breath.

"Good." I said.

"Even I can't wank myself off as good as that." He slurred.

The comment made me feel good about myself. I just sat there with a smile on my face.

Steve went upstairs and had a shower. He came back down, totally naked. He sat right next to me again, throwing me a beautiful smile.

"Shall we play the game some more?" I asked.

"Sure." I replied, taking my tank top off.

We spent the rest of the evening naked and playing the game. Steve slept in my bed with me that night. Nothing else happened, he just spooned me all night.