 Things were awkward the next morning. I was sat at the breakfast bar, drinking a coffee. Almost every emotion ran through me when I saw Steve and Tammy come downstairs together.

If you have ever truly been in love, you will know how I was feeling. If you haven't, then you may not understand.

I didn't know that I had fallen for Steve, until that gaming night when he sucked my cock. Since that night, my feelings have grown massively.

Steve didn't even look my way when the two of them joined me in the kitchen.

"Morning." Tammy said.

"Morning..." I hopped off my stool. "Do you want a coffee?"

"Yeah." She said.

Her not saying please annoyed me so much, but my mind was focused on Steve.

"Can I have a coffee." Steve said.

I didn't respond, I just took two cups from the cupboard and made the coffee. I passed one coffee to Tammy, who was now sat on spare stool at the breakfast bar.

"Thank you." She said.

A little stunned at her thanking me, I sat on my stool and sipped at my coffee.

"Your coffee is on the counter." I said, to Steve.

"Thanks mate" he said.

"Ok." I said.

I know now that my anger was misdirected, I should of been angry with myself. At the time, my head was too much of mess to see it.

The three of us pretty much sat in silence until we had finished our coffees. 

"Can I jumped in the shower?" Tammy said.

"Sure." I said.

"Cool..." She jumped off the stool. "I'll not be long."

"Take as long as you need." I said.

She smiled, before walking through the house and going upstairs.

"Are you ok?" Steve said.

From behind me, he wrapped his arms around me and planted a kiss on my cheek.

"I am now." I said.

In his arms, all the negative emotions disappeared. I reached up and held onto his arms, locking them over my shoulders.

With the house being quite, we could hear the shower being turned on and the cubicle open and close above us.

Steve's hand slowly ran over my chest and down my stomach. His hand didn't stop moving until he reached my crotch. He cupped my cock and balls through my sweatpants and began to massage them.

"Stop it." I said.

"No..." He gripped my junk. "Just shut up and enjoy it."

I wanted to fool around as much as Steve did, so thought it would be worth the risk.

"Ok." I said.

He continued to grope my crotch, while kissing my neck. In no time, my cock was hard and throbbing.

Steve released my cock and pulled at the front of my sweats. My cock bounced free, standing proud. Steve let go of my pants, making sure that my balls were also free from them.

Both of his hands connected with my junk, one stroking my rod while the other teased my balls. He started to wank me, hard and fast.

With him beating me off like his life depended on it, I was getting close to cumming in no time. 

"I'm gonna cum." I said.

"Good..." He kissed my ear. "Cum for me."

My whole body began to shake, causing the stool to rock beneath me. Feeling the pressure build up, I closed my eyes and dug my fingers into Steve's arms. I began to erupt, spraying my load. 

Opening my eyes, I saw how much of a mess I had made. My cum was all down the side of the breakfast bar, over my sweats and on Steve's hand.

I turned to look at Steve, to see him smiling. He brought his hand to his face, put one cum covered finger into his mouth and sucked it.

"Did you enjoy that?" He said.

"Yeah." I said.

After quickly catching my breath, I hopped off the stool. I took a roll of kitchen towel from the counter and tore off a few squares.

Using the towel, I wiped the breakfast bar. Once the crime scene was cleaned of my cum, I threw the soggy towel into the trash can.

"That was naughty." I said.

I turned on the hot water and washed my hands.

"It was..." Steve placed his hands under the running water. "But it was so much fun."

"I can't disagree with that." I said.

While drying his hands, Steve was staring at my crotch.

"What?" I said.

"You had better change those pants." He said.

I looked down, to see that my sweatpants were still covered with my cum.

"Oh fuck." I said.

I walked out of the kitchen and went upstairs. I managed to get into my bedroom, just as Tammy opened the bathroom door. I closed the bedroom door before she had chance to see me.

I removed the cum covered sweats and threw them into the wash basket.I reached into the wardrobe and pulled out a pair of jeans. I pulled the jeans on and walked back out of the bedroom.

Stood at the top of the stairs, I heard raised voices. Tammy and Steve were clearly arguing about something.

"Don't fucking lie to me!" Tammy said.

Of course, my first thoughts were that she knows what just happened. I was nervous about going down the staircase, but knew that I should.

Everything went quiet as I walked into the kitchen. I looked at them both, they were obviously pissed off about something.

"Wow..." I switched on the coffee machine. "It feels nice and awkward in here."

As soon as I said it, I knew it was a mistake. My cocky sense of humour has always kicked in when I feel uncomfortable. 

"You're not coming with me tonight." Tammy said.

She quickly turned and walked out of the room.

"I didn't want to go with her." I said.

Once again losing control of my words.

"Dude..." Steve rolled his eyes. "You know she was talking to me."

"What have you done." I said.

"She thinks I'm cheating on her." He said. 

"What?..." I picked up my coffee cup. "Why would she think that?" 

"She has seen my cock pics on my phone."

My jaw dropped, shocked that he would be daft enough to leave pics like that on his phone. With Tammy sat just in the living area, I began to whisper.

"Do you mean the pics that you sent to me?" I said.

"Yes..." He leaned against the counter " I don't send them to anyone else."

I couldn't help but feel some joy about Steve's situation. If Steve wasn't allowed to go out for dinner with Tammy, he would have to stay in with me.

As much as I loved the idea of us being alone for the night, I knew that I should pretend that I cared about Tammy's feelings.

"Are you not going to talk to her?" I said.

"I guess I should." He said.

Steve walked into the living room, to find Tammy. I sat at the breakfast bar, thinking of what might happen if he was to stay in.

I couldn't hear anything of Steve or Tammy. So I thought the chat must of been going well. That was until Tammy exploded and started to raise her voice.

"I don't care!" She said.

"I know you don't." Steve said.

"I know that you are fucking some slut." Tammy screamed.

Hearing every word from the kitchen, I was stunned that she was calling me a slut. It took me a minute to remember that she didn't know that it was me that Steve was sleeping with.

"We are done." Tammy said.

"What?" Steve said.

"You and I are finished, I can't cope with this." She said.

"Fine!" Steve snapped.

With that, Tammy stomped upstairs and Steve came storming back into the kitchen. Steve opened the fridge and took out two beers.

"It's only ten o'clock in the morning." I said.

"Who cares..." He offered me one of the bottles. "I'm pissed off."

"Fine." I took the beer from him. "It's five o'clock somewhere."

"That's more like it." Steve said.

"Are you ok?" I said.

"Yes..." He reached into a drawer. "I'll be better after a few beers."

He pulled the bottle opener from the drawer. He took the cap off his beer and opened my bottle for me. I could see how angry he was, when he downed the whole bottle in one.

"Slow down." I said.

"I don't need anyone else telling me what to do."

"Ok..." I sipped at my beer. "I'm just looking out for you."

"I'm sorry, baby." He said.

Leaning toward me, he placed a soft kiss on my cheek.

"I'm fucking you tonight." He said.

"You are?" I said.

"Yeah..." He took another beer from the fridge. "I'm gonna fuck you til you hurt."

"Can't wait." I said.

If Steve hadn't made me cum earlier, I would of started to cum right then, the thought of him taking control really got me going.

Judging by the bangs and stomps coming from upstairs, Tammy was still pissed off. I didn't mind her banging around, it was a clear reminder that I couldn't pounce on Steve yet.

"Come into the other room." I said.

I walked into the living area, followed by Steve. We both took a seat on the sofa, making sure to leave plenty of space between us. 

Just as I had turned the tv on, Tammy charged down the staircase. She had brought her bags down with her.

"I'm going to stay with a friend." She said. 

"You don't have to." I said.

"Thanks for having me, Mark." She said.

"No problem..." I stood up and moved toward her. "Are you ok?"

"Yes..." She opened the door. "Take care."

"Bye." I said.

She left the house and closed the door behind her. I turned to look at Steve, he wasn't reacting at all. He didn't even look bothered that she had left him.

"Are you alright?" I said.

"Yeah." He said.

I thought it was best not to probe any further. I sat back on the sofa and started to flip through the tv channels.

"There is nothing on." I said.

"There never is." Steve said.

"What do you want to do?" I said.

"Have another beer..." He jumped up from the sofa. "Then fuck you raw."

I had no idea what to say to that. I just looked at him, while he smiled at me and walked out of the room.

Steve came back into the living area, already swigging from another beer. I had never seen him drink like that, I was still sipping my first beer.

Before making it back to the sofa, Steve slammed his bottle onto the coffee table. Stood by the table, he was just staring at me.

"Come here." He said.

"Why?" I said.

"Get here..." He pointed to the empty space in front of him. "Now!"

I placed my beer on the floor, before slowly standing up. When I reached Steve, he grabbed my head and planted a hard kiss on my lips.

"Get on your knees." He said.

I didn't hesitate, I quickly went to my knees in front of him. Wasting no time, Steve started to open his fly. He pulled his semi hard cock free from his jeans.

"Suck it." He said.

I took hold of is already thick shaft and brought his cock to my mouth. Teasing his helmet with my tongue, I slowly stroked his shaft. He was fully hard in no time.

After taking my hand off his cock, I wrapped my lips around him. I worked my mouth down his throbbing meat, making sure to reach the base.

The smell of his bush filled my nose, the scent of sweat just egged me on. I started to work his cock harder and faster. His helmet slammed against the back of my throat over and over again.

"Fuck yeah..." He grabbed the back of my head. "Suck it, you slut."

I continue to pump on his cock, until my mouth began to fill with his pre. I slowed down, hoping to enjoy the taste of his juice.

Steve clearly didn't want me to slow down, he took control. Gripping my hair, he held my head in place and started to fuck my mouth. His thrusts were hard and deep.

He growled, while pounding my throat again and again. I gagged with every violent thrust. My mouth was soon full of his pre.

"Oh fuck..." He stopped thrusting. "What an amazing mouth."

He pulled his rod out of my mouth and slapped it against my cheek. I gulped hard, making sure to swallow all of Steve's pre.

"Come upstairs." Steve said.

He forced his solid cock back into his jeans and fastened his fly. He turned away and started to head up the stairs. I quickly got to my feet and and followed him like an obedient pet. 

He lead me into my bedroom. 

"Strip." He said. 

I quickly took my clothes off and tossed them onto the floor. After looking me up and down, Steve got undressed. I scanned his beautiful body, his perfect abs and muscular chest.

Without warning Steve grabbed my hair and used it to drag me towards him. He pushed me forward, bending me over the side of the bed. 

With his hands on my waist, he kicked at my ankles to force my legs open. 

"Don't move." He said. 

His hands left my waist and slid down my legs, as he went to his knees. With a hand on each of my butt cheeks, he forced them to spread. 

I gasped, feeling his wet tongue press on my opening. His tongue began to vibrate against my ring. 

"Oh fuck." I moaned. 

His wet muscle forced its way into my opening, diving deep inside me. His tongue lapped at my insides, causing pleasure that I'd never felt before.

After eating my ass for another few minutes, he pulled his tongue out of my ass. 

"Fuck, your ass tastes good." He said. 

Steve stood up and opened the drawer in the nightstand. He pulled out a bottle of lube and squeezed a little of the liquid onto his cock. 

With one hand on my waist, he used his other to guide his cock to my ass. His wet helmet pushed against me and quickly forced itself inside me. 

Steve was wasting no time, he pushed inside me, until he was balls deep. His thick shaft stretched my hole, more then it had been in a long time. 

Gripping me at the waist, he began to grind. He movements were slow and gentle at first, but that didn't last long. 

His grip on me tightened, as he picked up speed. His cock slammed against my insides, with each hard thrust. 

"Pound my ass." I gasped. 

He continued to fuck me harder and fast. The feeling of him inside me, had my cock throbbing. I began to pre more then ever before. 

Steve stopped thrusting and pulled his cock all the way out of me. He left my ass feeling like it was gaping. I wasn't empty for too long, he slammed his cock back inside me again. 

He repeated the motion again and again. Each time he slammed inside me, I leaked more and more pre. 

He pushed inside me once again and started to thrust. He was pounding my ass so hard and fast, it was difficult to catch my breath. 

With his cock hitting the right spot, the unexpected happened. I couldn't hold it back, I started to cum.

"Oh Fuck!" I moaned. 

Stream after stream erupted from my throbbing cock. My ass clamped around Steve's rod. 

"Wow, you got tight." He said. 

He continued to fuck me hard. 

"I'm gonna cum." He moaned. 

"Give it to me." I gasped. 

He quickly pulled his cock out of me. As soon as he had, he started to cum up my back. I moaned as each shot hit my skin. It felt like he was never going to stop. 

"That was amazing." He gasped.

"It was better then amazing, baby." I said. 

"Do you want me to make you cum?" He said.

"No..." I looked at the puddle beneath me. "I already came." 

"Really?..." He looked around me. "Wow, I am good." 

"You're incredible." I said. 

Steve kept his promise, he really did fuck me til I was hurting. He left my ass, throbbing. 

Steve walked out of the room. When he came back in, he was holding a towel. He gently wiped at my back, cleaning his juice off my skin. 

"That was a waste." I said. 

"What?" He said. 

"That cum should of been inside me." I said. 

"Don't worry..." He dropped the towel on the floor. "The next load will be." 

My back ached, when I stood up straight.

I turned to face Steve and planted a gentle kiss on his plump lips. 

"That really was amazing." I said. 

"It was amazing for me too." He said. 

I grabbed the towel from the floor and wiped up the puddle of my cum. I threw the cum covered towel into the wash basket. 

From behind me, Steve grabbed hold of me. His arm locked around me, and squeezed me gently. 

"I love you." He said. 

I was stunned, I had no idea that he felt so much for me. I thought he only wanted me for fun. 

"I love you too, baby." I said. 

He squeezed me again, before releasing me. 

"Shall we have a shower?" He said. 

"Yeah." I said. 

After letting the shower warm up for a couple of minutes, we both stepped into it. It wasn't the biggest shower cubicle, so we were pretty much pressed against each other the whole time. 

We washed and quickly got out of the cubicle. After drying off, we went back to the bedroom and got dressed again. 

We went downstairs and sat on the sofa together. I leaned into Steve, resting my head on his chest. He draped his arm over me, making sure I couldn't get away. 

"Can I ask you something?" He said. 

"Sure." I said. 

"Me and Tammy are over..." He brushed the back of my head. "Would I be able to move in with you?" 

"Yes..." I looked up at him. "As if you need to ask." 

"Thank you." He said. 

We spent the rest of the day, cuddle up on the sofa. We both slept in my bed that night. 

We have been living together since that night. Things have been amazing between us and we have had a lot of fun. I look forward to telling you about our "play time."