 It was a great day at the beach. The temp was in the high eighties with little or no wind and the surf was high enough there were tons of people body surfing. I was up on the boardwalk looking at all of this when I noticed a young guy about nineteen near me looking at the same thing I was. Guys and gals in very seductive bathing suits frolicking in the sand below us. There was a beach volley ball game in progress and the bodies on the participants were to die for.

I moved a few feet closer to the young guy and said something to the effect of,

"Some of the bodies down there are unbelievable."

He was almost drooling looking at them and replied,

"You said it. Look at that one in the pale green suit. Her tits are the size of cantaloupes."

He was dead right. Big tits and small tight ass and from where we were she looked very pretty. At least we could see a smile on her that would light up a room.

The game was getting fierce with elbows flying in every direction. One of the gals' dove to get the ball and the top of her suit was dragged down by the sand and when she stood both of her breasts was uncovered. She casually rearranged her suit but not before every guy on the beach near the game had a good look. The guy alongside of me almost jumped off the boardwalk to be down among them.

"Holy shit, did you see that?" he asked.

"I sure did. Those tits would fill a pail. By the way, I'm Bob." 

"Oh, nice to meet you. I'm Gerry but you can call me Ger. "

I wanted to be damn sure he was legal and casually asked how old he was. He had celebrated his twenty-first birthday two days earlier but looked a few years younger. I told him my age of thirty and he said he wished he were a few years older since most of his friends were older than him.

For the next thirty minutes or so we both were ga ga over what we were seeing below.

I casually asked him if he had seen any good porn flicks lately and he answered that he never gets a chance to look at any. He still lived at home and his folks pretty much control the TV.

I mentioned that I had just picked up a couple of new ones and only lived a block or two from the beach and asked if he would like to come over and watch them with me. I said I had heard they were pretty hot when I got them.

That was about all he needed to hear and he quickly accepted.

"It's only a short walk. Let's head over."

I stretched it a bit when I said a block or two. It was more like six but it still didn't take us long. He was so excited about seeing the flicks I had the feeling he would have walked a mile to see them.

I have a decent size apartment with a bedroom and combination living/dining room with the kitchen off it. I had attached the VCR to the big TV in my bedroom and told him to plop his butt on the bed while I got us something to drink. He wanted a beer and I had a glass of Merlot. The first pic was two guys having an orgy with three gals. There were tits, pussies, a cock and asses all over the screen. Gerry was going nuts and stuttering about each new scene on the tube. One guy had a huge cock and was having a great time trying to get one gal to deep throat him. The gal, or any other gal as far as I could see, wasn't able to get much of him in her mouth. She had played with the head of it for a while before taking it in and then could only get a few inches more in her mouth before she was gagging. The action changed over to the other guy who was on his back with one gal riding his cock while he was eating the pussy of the other. I looked over and Gerry was starting to get some swelling in his crotch.

That film ended and I quickly stuck in the next one. It was three guys with one gal and I was hoping it would lead to some action right there in my apartment. Sure enough a few minutes into it and one guy had his cock in the gals pussy while she was sucking off the next guy. The third was sort of left out of the action so he was standing there stroking himself. He needed more than that so he walked over to the guy getting laid and put his cock up to the guy's face. The guy leaned over and started to slowly lick the guys cock. He then opened his mouth and took most of it deep. Gerry's crotch was fully expanded by then and so was mine. I said,

"Whew, this one is as hot as I was told. I'm going to have let my cock out for some air." As I opened my fly and fished it out from my shorts. I only have about six inches but it is thick. As soon as it was free I began to stroke it lightly. Gerry looked over at me and then dropped his hand to his own crotch.

"Gerry, don't be bashful. Let it out so you can get your hand around it." I suggested.

He moved his hand and soon had his cock out and standing proud. Holy shit, it was beautiful. I'd bet it was a solid seven inches and not too thick. The purplish head on it was huge with some pre cum oozing from the tip.

I was stroking mine at full speed by then when he started to do the same with his monster. 

"Gerry, that is one lovely cock you have there. The gals must love it."

"I really don't go out with any gals Bob. I'm too bashful"

"That's a shame for I am certain some would do anything to get that cock inside of them. Can I touch it for just a minute? I have never seen one as big."

Without waiting for an answer I slid my hand over on his lap and up on the shaft of his cock. He seemed startled when I touched it but I just gave it a squeeze and kept my hand there. The guy in the flick getting a blowjob had put his hand behind the other guy's head and was pulling him forward on his dick and was fucking his face. The action on the screen had Gerry going a little wild. He was breathing harder than I had ever heard a guy do and was moving his hand up and down his shaft.

"Hold on Gerry. I can do that for you. It always feels better when someone else does the stroking for you." I said as I moved my hand all the way up on his shaft pushing his hand aside and then I started to stroke it full time. I released the hold on my own cock and had my other hand just lightly caressing the head of him while my hand was stroking him from cock ridge down to his crotch. 

"Gerry, did you mean it when you said you had never had a woman?"

He shook his head up and down but never took his eyes off the screen. 

"Did you know that a guy's mouth can feel a lot like a gal's pussy?"

"No, I never heard that before." As his breaths were coming faster.

I lowered my face down to his cock and took the head of it in my mouth and then slid a few inches in and let my tongue roll around the underside of it. I started a slow bobbing up and down but kept my tongue busy and then let one hand slide under him and just caressed the lips of his asshole. That was all it took. He was squirting one huge stream deep in my mouth. It hit the back of my throat as if it was a projectile and he was soon throwing his hips around as if he wanted to get away from my mouth. That wasn't going to happen as I licked up every drop coming out of him. All I head him say was,

"Wow, that was something else."

His cock slowly deflated and I licked it all the way down.

My cock was even harder than it was before and I raised my head and looked at the screen. The three guys were in a big sex circle with each of them sucking and getting sucked. I started to stroke myself a little faster than I had before but reached over and put one hand behind Gerry's head and pulled him down to my cock ever so slightly.

It wasn't long before his mouth was only a few inches away from the head of my cock when he pulled himself up saying, "I'm not gay. I never did anything like this before."

"Hush, Gerry. Just let it happen. You almost had me in your mouth. Get back to that and give me the pleasure I just gave you." 

I put my hand back on his head and pulled him back to where he was. When his mouth was only an inch away I raised my crotch up to let the tip of my cock touch his lips. "Gerry, open your mouth and let me in."

I then felt the warmth and moisture of his mouth around the head of my cock. Gerry was giving his first blowjob! It only took him a few minutes before he was bobbing as if he was in the old child's game of bobbing for apples. The fact that it was a virgin mouth turned me on more than normal and it wasn't long before I was filling his hot little mouth with stream after stream of my come.

"Swallow it down Gerry. It will taste great."

I could hear and feel him gulping as stream after stream hit the back of his throat. He gagged a little but I pulled back and let him catch his breath a little before pushing back into his mouth. He let his face rest against my stomach as my cock went down and it was slipping out of his mouth.

"That was fantastic Gerry. Whew, I feel great."

He was sitting there in sort of a daze. It was obvious he couldn't believe what he had just done but it was also apparent he wasn't that upset about it. 

"Ger, I'm going to get another glass of wine. How about another beer for you?"

"OK Bob." 

The flick had ended but I had a few more tucked away that I would get out as soon as I served the drinks.

We just sat on the sofa sipping our drinks and chatting about a little of everything.

The action on the screen was even wilder than on the previous one. It was of two guys and one gal and it was obvious that the guys had as much interest in each other as they did in the gal. One guy had the gal deep throat him and then he took his cock out of her mouth and used her saliva as the lube he needed to fuck the other guys asshole. It had some great camera work for the photographer was able to get a close up of the head of his cock pressing against the asshole. The asshole retreated from the pressure of the intruder but it soon opened up a little and let the head in. He soon had most of it buried and was thrusting slow and easy. The gal was lying right there and she leaned over and took the cock of the guy getting fucked in her mouth and was sucking him off big time.

I was getting hot again and said I was going to strip my pants off. They were cutting into my cock as it got hard. I stripped my jeans and shorts off and sat in the middle of the bed with my hand just lightly stroking myself. I was hard in a minute both from my stroking and watching the scene on the TV.

Gerry was sitting there watching the same thing and not able to take his eyes off it. His cock was getting hard once again and I reached over and just put my hand on it ever so softly.

"Ger, I have always wanted to have a guy do to me what those guys are doing on the TV. Would you help me out?" Saying all of that with as straight a face as I could muster. 

He stuttered a little and asked, "Bob, you mean you want me to fuck your ass?"

"Yes, wouldn't you like to. It looks as if your cock would." As I pointed down to his steel hard throbbing shaft.

"Won't it hurt you?" He asked. "Ger, I am sure it is going to hurt a little but if you took it nice and easy I am sure I could handle it. That guy on the flick seems to be able to do it OK."

"Bob, I never even had a girl. I wouldn't know what to do with you."

"That's OK Ger. I've watched this film before and know just what that one guy did. Get your pants off and I'll get some lubrication to make it go easier on my butt."

I grabbed a jar of Vaseline out of the medicine cabinet in the bathroom and brought it back out to the bedroom.

"Ger, I am going to lie on my back and let you go in me that way. I'll be able to see your face and maybe I'll be able to jack myself off if I get horny enough. When I get back up on the bed I want you to kneel between my legs."

As I lay down I got a gob of the lube out and smeared it on the head of his cock and smeared a bit around the entrance to my ass.

"Ger, come closer and put the head of your cock right against the lips of my asshole."

"OK Bob but I don't want to hurt you. Tell me what to do next."

There wasn't any way he was going to hurt me but I sure wanted his rock hard cock tickling my prostrate as fast as I could get it inside of me.

"Ger, push against my ass. Slow and easy now."

"OK" and he gave a very tentative push. "No, Ger, you are going to have to push harder."

He gave a much harder thrust and the head of him went in me a few inches.

"Oh hell Bob, did that hurt? I am in you a long ways."

"Not too much Ger. Keep pushing."

We went on like that for a few minutes until his balls were finally slapping against my ass.

"Oh Ger, it feels terrific. Start fucking me the way the guy did on the flick to his partner."

He started to thrust in and out and I was stroking my cock as he was doing it. It didn't take me long to get hard and I kept right on stroking. As he was pushing in to me I started to throw my ass back at his steel hard cock. It wasn't long before he was breathing hard and fast and was moaning that he could feel himself getting ready to explode. 

"Let it happen Ger. Shoot way up inside of me."

I could feel his cock pulsing and he had his eyes closed and was now thrusting faster and faster. It wasn't going to be long now.

"Bob, I'm going to cum. Nowww."

With that I could feel his cock pulsing inside of me and his cum was hitting deep and it felt like a stream of bullets hitting. I never felt or saw another guy have as fierce an orgasm. He kept on thrusting but a lot slower as his cock got softer. I reached up and pulled him down so we were face to face and I gave him a huge kiss. He got all flustered but stayed right with me as his cock softened and finally slipped out.

We got up and I poured us another drink. 

"Bob did that hurt you?" he asked and it was almost as if he wanted to know for himself. Hmmm. Maybe this isn't going to be as difficult as I thought it might.

"Not really Ger. The first inch or so when your head first went in caused a little pain but after that I had you so well lubed up you slipped right in all the way. I'll bet it felt great for you. Didn't it?"

"I can't tell you how good it felt. Your asshole is much tighter than a fist and it grabbed my dick in every direction. I loved it and I am sure glad it didn't hurt you too much." 

"Great. Let's just lay back and watch the next flick."

We watched another couple of flicks and the last one was two guys going at each other from every direction. They were both hung rather well and one guy appeared to be able to take the other guy all the way in his throat. I hadn't seen anyone do that before. I was sitting on the middle of the bed again and my cock was getting as hard as a baseball bat. I turned to look at Ger and saw his cock was ready for more action. But, this time it was going to be my cock getting the action. Or so I hoped.

I lay back until my head was resting against his shoulder and looked him in the face and asked ever so innocently, "Ger, will you let me do to your ass what I let you do to mine?"

"Geez, Bob." Looking down at my hard cock. "You will split me apart with that."

"Ger, don't be silly. You are a lot bigger than me and you didn't split me apart." 

He was still looking doubtful and I put on a long sad face and just turned my back on him.

"Never mind. I just found out the kind of guy you are. Maybe you ought to get ready to leave."

"Oh hell Bob. Don't be like that. I want to please you but I'm scared."

"Ger, I promise to go very slow and if you say it hurts too much I'll stop. OK?"

I lubed up my cock and put a gob on a couple of fingers and slipped them up his ass. We went at the same way as he had done with me with him on his back and me kneeling between his legs. I put the head of my cock against the rim of his ass and gave a little push but I had reached down and was holding his hips to prevent them from floating away with the pressure. I slipped in an inch or so immediately and he gasped. "Holy Cow Bob. That hurts." He moaned.

"Yeah, I told you how you hurt me for the first few minutes but I then got used to it and the pain went away as I started to enjoy it." As I was saying this I had been pushing a lot harder. It really wasn't very long before I was buried and he was gasping harder. I let myself fall forward and brought my face to his and once again kissed him long and hard. This time I let my tongue probe his mouth and he seemed to enjoy it.

I started my thrusting and wasn't going to stop for anything. He could have been screaming to high heaven but I was going to unload up his sweet virgin ass if it was the last thing I ever did. Scream...hell he was moaning with pleasure. A few more thrusts on my part and he was throwing his ass back at me as hard or even harder than I was fucking him. It didn't take long and I was filling that tight little ass with a few long streams of my juice. This time he was the one to reach up and pull me down for a kiss. He had loved what I had just done to him.

"Ger, I'm glad you enjoyed that. You live so close you can drop over a lot and I'll really open your sweet ass up."

"Oh hell Bob, I loved that so much I'll want you to do that instead of sucking me off. I'll still suck you off and fuck your ass if you want but I would be happier than hell if you fucked my ass every time we were together."

"That'll be fine Ger but there are going to be some times I'll take you places in my car and am going to expect you to be leaning over and sucking me off whenever I ask for it."

"Bob, I'll do whatever you ask me for."

It would appear as if I had found a virgin sex slave and I was certain to make good use of him.

The next few months went just about as I hoped. I would occasionally let him fuck my ass with that lovely wand of his but I fucked his ass so often and so hard we were finally doing it almost dry. He loved it. There was one time I invited him on a trip to a big city an hour and a half away and the drive was freeway almost all of the way. I was talking about sex stuff when I got harder and pulled over in a rest area. "OK Ger, get that lovely mouth of yours busy on this as I released my cock from my pants. He almost fell straight down in my lap and by then had learned to take almost all of me in his mouth. He had learned to breathe around it when I was almost all the way down his throat and it felt wonderful. He was pumping away when I unloaded. Oh shit, there were a couple of gals walking up to my car just as I was unloading in his mouth. I knew I could never finish up before they got to the car so I grabbed a jacket lying in the back seat and threw it over his head and shoulders. The gals were really walking to a car parked behind mine but as they walked between mine and the one alongside of me could see what was happening in mine. One gave a little knock on my window and just smiled and gave me a thumbs up. I laughed and pushed Ger's head further down. The gals were gone by the time I had finished unloading and he had finished lapping up my drops. It was good for a laugh for the next few miles or so. 

It was about six months after we first met that I received a promotion at work and the new job was going to cause me to have to move. Ger didn't take kindly to this bit of news but to tell the truth I was getting a little tire of him and was looking forward to new opportunities. We promised to stay in touch and make trips back and forth to see one another but I knew that was just so much bullshit on my part. It was nice while it lasted but what's the old saying...."All good things must...