 I left Bob's house hurriedly dazed and confused. I had just given my first handjob and my arousal was so intense that I shot my load without touching my cock. Am I gay? I replayed the evening in my head while driving around not wanting to go home as I knew the phone would be ringing. Leaving Bob's house without talking to him after I stroked his cock dry probably wasn't the best play, but I was embarrassed and couldn't face him. Now after thinking about it, I started getting aroused again. No, this can't be happening. I like women. But Bob's cock felt so natural in my hand. I loved feeling its heat and the smooth texture of the shaft contrasted by the subtle contours of his cockhead. Why didn't I touch the head? It needed attention too. Why is my cock hard? My head is spinning. What am I going to do? How am I going to face Bob?

It's been an hour since I left and I was tired of driving around so I decide to go home and face the ringing phone. I walked up to my apartment door without noticing Bob sitting outside. 

"John", startling me back to reality. 

"We need to talk." 

I was on auto pilot so I opened the door and we went in. 

"Look John, our friendship means a lot to me and I don't want to jeopardize it."

"We were both drunk so let's chalk it up as a mistake and leave it at that."

"It's something between us and that's as far as it goes." 

I got relaxed a bit but still stammered. 

"Bob, I.. I.. don't want to lose you as a friend either."

"I am so confused and I don't know what to do." 

We made eye contact for a moment both still embarrassed but agreed that we would talk in the morning when we were completely sober. 

The phone rang early the next morning, it was Bob. 

"Hey John, how you doing?"

I tried to act as if nothing happened between us and made small talk we agreed to get together at his place at noon. That left me three hours, plenty of time to think about what was going to happen. I got in the shower and started thinking about yesterday. I began to get hard thinking about the feel of Bob's hard cock in my hand. My hand was on automatic, matching the pace of the handjob I gave Bob yesterday it took me a few minutes before I had another intense orgasm. The water felt nice on my naked body. I turned up the hot a bit and sighed. I no longer felt confused about the situation. I really liked touching a guy's cock. Besides, it was my best friends and he wanted me too, so what's the problem?

I brought some beer with me and handed one to Bob when I walked up. He was under the hood of his wife's car.

"Thanks" he said, "Time for a break." 

"You look good this morning; do you want to talk about yesterday?"

I told him everything was okay. I told him I liked touching and stroking his cock and if he was cool with it then I was too. 

"Great, I'm done working on the car; I need another beer and a shower." 

"Let's go inside." 

He started peeling off clothes, took a long swig of his beer kicked off his cut-offs and walked naked down the hallway heading for the shower. I sat down on the couch taking a long pull on my beer comfortable with the decision I made this morning. 

I was zoned out a little thinking about what was going to happen today when Bob yelled out that he needed another beer and could I bring it to him. I finished my beer, grabbed two more and went to find Bob. Bob had the shower curtain partially open when I walked through the door. I could see his ass. 

"Here's you beer."

He turned towards me and there it was, his erect cock. I couldn't take my eyes off it. 

"Why don't you join me?"

My cock was already at half mast when I got naked. It was a little awkward at first, but Bob gave me a hug and said thanks for being his friend. Our cocks touched and it felt awesome. Bob got some soap and soaped up his cock and then mine, gently stroking the shaft and head. 

I grabbed his cock and stroked him too. I found the head of his cock and used my thumb and index finger to make a circle. With the soap as lube, I moved the circle back and forth over the flare on the head of his cock. He was really sensitive there and after four or five strokes his knees buckled as his cum painted my stomach. After seeing that, I took control of my cock and staring at his chest stroked myself until I came all over his cock and balls. We rinsed off and got out of the shower and dried off. Bob spoke first. 

"That was awesome, I'm glad your alright with this because I really enjoyed it."

I nodded and gave him a wink.

"Anything you want big boy."

"You mean that" he said. 

I smiled damn, I'm becoming a tease.

We got more beer and sat out on his back porch. He brought up what I said in the bathroom.

"John, I need to tell you that Linda no longer has any interest in sex. After having our third kid, she's just not into it anymore." 

"I tried forcing the issue but it's no fun without a willing participant." 

"I asked her to go to counseling with me but she doesn't want to do that. So I took a chance and confronted you yesterday to see if you wanted to touch my cock."

"I'm glad you did as I don't know what I would have done if I misread you." 

"I want you to know that I masturbated thinking of you sucking my cock and I see the way you look at my cock that you'd really enjoy blowing me."

"What do you think buddy?" 

I wasn't surprised and to be honest I was wondering what his cock in my mouth would feel like. He needed my help, and that's what buddies are for. 

"Bob, I'll suck your cock on one condition. You can't tell anybody about this ever, promise."

"Sure John, I promise. I have more to lose than you."

"When do you want to do this."

Bob thought a bit and rubbed his crotch. The bulge in his shorts was more visible. 

"What about now." 

"Ok Bob, Let's go inside." 

We went inside and Bob said he had the perfect spot for me to suck his cock. 

"John, I want you to get on your knees right here."

It was next to the mirrored wall in the dining room. I obeyed and got on my knees. Bob walked up to me and said "undo my shorts." I unbutton his shorts and lower the zipper. The shorts fell to the floor and since Bob was commando, his semi-erect cock was staring me in the face.

Instinctually, I reached up and lightly grasped his cock giving it light strokes as it grew to its full hardness. This new experience, seeing a hard cock up close and the anticipation of having a cock in my mouth, had my cock hard. 

"Kiss it John."

I did as I was told. Licking my lips, I gave the head of his cock a wet kiss, then another and then opening my mouth a little wider, I used my tongue and lips to kiss and tongue the head. The feel of his cock on my lips and tongue was intoxicating. The warmth and softness made it very easy to take the next step and take the head of his cock into my mouth. 

"That's it John, take my cock, ooh, that feels good."

His cock was the right size for my mouth. It was comfortable moving it in and out, just taking the head past the flare and then back out, tightening my lips around the head. This is wonderful. I'm really getting into it. Bob's moaning was a steady rhythm now. I was so engrossed in my actions that I was only concentrating on the feeling of Bob's cock, that I realized that I had my eyes shut. Opening them added to my pleasure. Besides the visual of the close-up of Bob's cock, out of the corner of my eye, I watched in the mirror as the head of Bob's cock disappear into my mouth. I was indeed sucking a cock, enjoying it immensely and could see that Bob was in bliss by the expression on his face. I pulled my mouth off his cock and replaced it with my hand stroking it lightly. 

"Am I good cocksucker?"

He looked at me stroking his cock and said, 

"You're doing great and you're a natural. I won't last much longer if you keep sucking that way."

With that I replaced my hand with my mouth. What a wonderful feeling having a hard cock in your mouth. I continued to work the head of Bob's cock a little more aggressively. I picked up the pace and started to take more of his cock into my mouth. There was plenty of saliva and I had half of Bob's cock in my mouth when I decided to take his entire length. With one push all of his cock disappeared and I held him in that position until I started gagging. Backing off and catching my breath, I worked the pace up to where I was taking his entire length with a quick thrust. Bob was saying yes, yes, yes and then I felt the spasm. The spasm caught me perfectly as his cock was buried in my throat so his first volley went down my throat. The second was in the back of my mouth and the third caught me when his cock was back in my throat. Bob pulled his cock out of my mouth and I sucked on the head. I didn't mind the taste but I was glad he shot most of his load down my throat. Bob composed himself after taking a couple of deep breaths and said, 

"John that was the best blowjob I ever had. Linda never sucked my cock anywhere near that. You're a great cocksucker."

I was pleased with my endeavors and was happy that my buddy was happy. I got off my knees, got two more beers, handed him one and asked 

"Ok, that was fun. What do you want to do now?"

To be continued...