 It started with my first job after leaving school, as an assistant gardener-cum-handyman at a local stately house. I was interviewed by a rather handsome man in his fifties called Clive, and we seemed to hit it off right away, and I figured that must have helped me get the job. It seemed the ideal way to get a foothold into the whole gardening/landscaping industry, and after my first couple of days I knew I'd really landed on my feet. 

The ground's staff was split up into three or four man teams and I was taken on to replace someone who had recently left. So I found myself partnered up with the team leader, a bloke in his thirties called Donald, or just Don, and his younger associate James, a fit young guy in his early to mid-twenties. I got on with both of them right away, the three of us having so many things in common, including a love of hard graft - it turns out we were the team that did most of the heavy manual labour, which suited me just fine.

It was the summer, it was hot, and we were out on a forgotten edge of the estate clearing out and improving an old drainage ditch. All three of us had stripped off our tops and were working in shorts and boots, and I was enjoying the sight of both Don and James firm muscled chests and backs as we cleared the weeds and undergrowth and dug out the ditch.

I was three months shy of my nineteenth birthday and I had already had experience with members of both sexes, and enjoyed it all, so I felt no shame in admiring my co-workers; indeed, I knew that they were enjoying looking at me, they made no attempt to hide it, and there had already been some mild flirtation between all three of us.

"So Ben, you look like you enjoy a good work-out?" Don said when we stopped for a break, swigging our drinks as the sweat glistened on us, "you looked pretty ripped."

"Cheers Don," I replied, striking a pose and showing my muscles off, "I do like to work up a good sweat. You look like you like to exercise your muscles too."

"Yeah, I do, along with James here," he smiled, "we like to work out together, if you know what I mean."

"I hope so," I smiled at him as we all moved closer together in the bottom of the ditch, "because all this talk of working out, and the present company, is making me horny!"

"Horny enough to want to whip it out and beat off with us?" Don grinned at me.

"Like this?" I asked him as I undid my belt, unbuttoned and unzipped my shorts and reached in, hauling out my stiffening dick.

"Yeah, just like that!" Don chuckled, him and James quickly following suit in exposing themselves and taking themselves in hand. They checked me out as I checked them, comparing our cocks as we slowly tugged on them. 

I'm quite proud of my manhood; he's just over seven inches long, not too thick, uncut of course and with a big ridge running up the underside. James was about the same length as me, a little thinner, uncut and with some impressive veins, but Don topped us all. His cock was magnificent, a sturdy and thick nine inches of prime manhood, uncut like us, rearing up and standing proud as he showed it off to me.

"That's a nice cock you've got there Ben," Don said as we all started to work our erections, hands sliding up and down.

"Thanks Don, yours is pretty good too!" I chuckled as I watched his fist tugging his foreskin back and forth, "and your too James, makes me even hornier!"

"I told you so," Don smiled at James as we all stood close together jacking off, "I knew the moment I set eyes on Ben here that he would fit in here."

"What do you mean?" I asked him, really getting off on wanking out in the sun with my new co-workers, "You're all gay?"

"Gay or bisexual," Don agreed with me, showing me his wedding ring, "all of the gardening section is, that's why your predecessor left, he didn't fit in."

"Well, I don't have any plans on leaving just yet," I chuckled as we inched even closer together, with just enough room for our hands to work our erections without hitting each other, "I mean, this is just our first date!"

"I like you Ben, I like you a lot!" Don chuckled, and with his free hand he pulled my face to his, bringing our mouths together for a hot kiss. I closed my eyes and moaned into his mouth, feeling so fucking horny standing there kissing him as the three of us jerked off.

"Hey, I want a go too!" James protested with a grin on his face, and Don released me so that I could turn to James and kiss him too, our tongues mashing together slickly.

"Closer, let's cum on each other's cock," Don suggested, and we moved in closer so that out swollen cock heads were touching, our hands still sliding up and down our shafts. It was very erotic and exciting, three horny guys whacking off, all trying hard to cum first.

"Oh fuck!" James cried out as he blew his load first, his hand making rapid little short tugs on his cock, splurging his cum out onto mine and Don's knobs. We used his spunk to lube our cocks, making everything slick and slippery.

"Yesss!" I gasped as I felt my seed burn its way up my cock and spurt out, followed a fraction of a second later by Don, and the two of us milked ourselves, our hands slipping and sliding against each other as we came. We all smiled at each other as we played with each other's slippery cocks until we had spread our jizz over all three cocks.

"Oh man, that was hot!" Don said as he raised his hand to his mouth and licked it clean, James and I doing the same, "I can see we're going to have a lot of fun working together!"

"My predecessor doesn't know what he's missing," I chuckled as I licked the last of the creamy remains from my hand, "even a straight guy would have enjoyed that"

"Well, let's get as much done as we can before lunch," Don said as we started zipping ourselves back up, "I think it might have to be an extra-long one."

"Extra long? Count me in!" I laughed as we got back to work.

We laboured hard for another couple of hours or so, flirting and generally having a laugh together as we chopped, hacked, dug and shovelled, enjoying working up a sweat in the sun and showing off our muscles to each other. 

Then it was lunchtime and after setting our tools down we grabbed our lunch bags and a blanket from Don's truck and headed off to a nearby stand of trees, settling down in amongst them to enjoy the shade they offered to rest and eat. It didn't take us very long to eat our lunch as we all had something else on our minds - each other.

"We should be pretty safe in here," Don said as he stood up and undid his shorts, "what say we get undressed and fool around?"

"I'm up for that!" I agreed with him, standing up along with James and undoing my shorts too. 

We all managed to get out shorts and briefs off and over our boots so that we all stood there wearing nothing but work boots and grins. We came together so that we could share hot kisses and feel each other up, stroking firm bodies, soft buns and stiffening dicks.

"Mmm, you know what?" Don said as our mouths parted, "why don't you two suck each other off, I want to take photos of you and send them to the boss!"

"Yeah, that sounds hot," I groaned, "you wanna show off the newbie."

"You got it Ben; we had a bet," he smiled at me as he retrieved his phone from the pocket of his shorts, "I won that bet, and I him to see his newest employee at his best."

I was very horny as James and I got into a 69 with me on top, so I could show my ass off. I'd never done anything quite like this before but I up for it, literally, and I eagerly got down on top of James, taking a hold of his cock and lifting it up as I closed my lips around it.

"Yeah, that's it," Don said as we sucked each other, "look over here Ben."

I turned my head to look at him, my mouth full of James' cock, as Don snapped away with his phone, looking so hot standing there with his cock hard. After taking a few photos he moved around behind me and I heard him tell James to pull my ass cheeks wide apart, to show my fuck hole off.

"Right, they're on their way to him," Don said, putting his phone down, "now let's see how tasty your ass is Ben."

As the two of us continued to lick and suck each other's throbbing erections Don knelt down behind me, and I moaned around my mouthful of man meat when his tongue started exploring my puckered hole. I love feeling a guy's tongue in my ass and Don was obviously a pro, working my opening with an insistent tongue and plenty of saliva.

I was having the time of my life, sharing myself with these two hung and horny men, my mouth full of hard cock as a wet mouth suckled my aching erection, and my boss was swapping his tongue for two spit-soaked fingers, thrusting and twisting them in my ass. He clearly wanted to fuck me and I had no problem with that - I knew from previous experiences I could take a cock as big as Don's, which is how I also knew that I liked it.

"You know what I want don't you Ben?" he asked me as he pulled his fingers out of me and reached for his shorts, producing a tube of lube.

"My ass is yours boss," I chuckled, looking up from James' groin, "I'm always up for a good fucking!"

"Good lad, you're my kind of guy!" Don smiled as he smeared a generous coating of lubricant over his oh-so-hard cock, "you'll soon be employee of the month."

Keeping one hand working on James' cock I propped myself up and looked behind, eager to watch Don enter me. James was teasing the tip of my cock with his tongue as he held my butt cheeks wide apart and Don squirted a big blob of lube onto his fingers before working it into me. God but that felt good!

"Do it!" I groaned as I wriggled on his slick fingers, "fuck me!"

"He he, OK lad, here it comes," he chuckled, pulling his fingers out and pressing the glistening bulbous head of his cock against my opening.

I was still watching as he pushed that fat cock head into my greased ring, stretching it wide as he kept on pushing. I love the feel of a thick cock opening me up and I groaned with delight as he popped through, the first couple of inches of his manhood sliding inside me.

"Ooh, nice ass," Don groaned contentedly as he worked more of his length inside me.

"Nice cock!" I gasped as he opened my insides up and rubbed against my secret spot, "oh fuck yes!"

I returned my attention to James' cock, sliding my wet lips down it as I played with his balls. I moaned around it as Don hit bottom, his balls smacking against mine before he slowly pulled out and started to fuck me. I'd never been in a three-way before and I was loving it, loving how both my holes were full of hard cock, loving the warm wet mouth looking after my boner.

Don's cock was doing amazing things to my ass and my insides, and with the sublime treatment of my cock from James I didn't last very long; I groaned that I was going to cum and then I was, Don buried nuts-deep in my backside as my cock jerked and squirted load after load of my ball juice into James' warm mouth. As soon as I had shot my load Don carried on fucking me, making me tremble and my ass to quiver.

"Aargh, Ben, your ass is so good!" Don hissed as he rammed his cock into harder and faster, "Such a tight and juicy fuck hole, I'm gonna pump so much cum into you!"

"Yeah, do it!" I cried out, pushing back at him, riding his thrusting prick, loving the way it felt inside me, "fill me full of cum!"

"Oh yeah, so much cum," he muttered, really slamming his hot length into me, giving me the best fucking I'd ever had in my admittedly short sexual history, "suck James off Ben, you deserve cum at both ends!"

I renewed my oral assault on my co-workers cock, sucking and licking the top while I gripped the base with my hand and jerked him off. He was groaning and gasping, both with my treatment of his throbbing prick and the view he had of his boss's cock reaming my ass out.

"I'm getting close!" Don growled as he held my hips and fucked me hard.

"Me too!" James cried out, "Christ he can suck cock!" I kept on working the cock in my mouth and riding the one in my ass, and it was James who rewarded me first, thrusting his hips up and filling my mouth with strong blasts of cum.

"Oh fuck yes!" he cried out as he fired his spunk, "take it all!"

There seemed of be a lot of it but I didn't lose any, milking him and working his shaft until he had shot his bolt, leaving me with a mouthful of slimy creamy cum.

"Fuck yes!" Don grunted as he buried his mighty tool all the way in my bowels and started to cum. I could feel his dick jerking as his spunk rushed down his urethra and spurted out inside my canal, shot after shot of hot man seed blasting my rectum.

"Fuck!" he grunted, carrying on fucking me while he was still hard enough to do so, slicker and smoother now my insides were lubricated with his seed, "what a sweet ass."

Finally Don pulled out of me as his dick was too limp, and I rolled off James and got to my knees, giving my boss a long and passionate kiss as James got up too, joining us for a three way snog.

"That was a great fuck," Don sighed happily as we held each other and took turns trading tongues.

"I could think of worse ways of spending my lunch break!" I chuckled as James slid his fingers between my ass cheeks and teased my slippery hole, "You guys are great!"

Sitting back down on the blanket and taking a swig of our drinks, enjoying the heat of the day on our naked bodies, Don's phone chimed. Picking it up, he smiled as he read the message.

"The big boss Clive liked the photos of you Ben," he smiled, "he says he looks forward to getting to know you better, and that he'll be swinging on by this afternoon to see how we're getting on. You know what that means don't you?"

"That I'll be getting fucked again?" I smiled at him in a hopeful voice.

"That'd suit you just fine wouldn't it?" James laughed, "You're just a cum-slut cock whore aren't you?"

"Well, not exclusively, but the more I get it the more I like it!" I laughed, "I mean, I will happily fuck anyone, but I really do enjoy a hard cock in me."

After a bit we got our shorts back on, gathered up our stuff and went back to work, spending the next couple of hours making good progress on the ditch. We would stop every now and then for a breather, taking the opportunity to trade kisses and gropes with each other before getting back to work.

I had plenty of time to reflect on how lucky I was, getting this job in the first place and finding out that I was working with a collection of men who couldn't keep their hands off each other. I hadn't been joking when I told James that I was learning to love the taste of a cock in my mouth and the feel of it stretching my ass wide open, and I was so turned on at the thought of working with all these horny men.

Just when we were thinking of taking another break a truck approached, and we could see that it our boss, Clive, come to check on us as promised. I was a little nervous and very horny as he got out and walked over to us, looking very fit and handsome for a man in his fifties.

"Wow, you guys have done great!" he said as we climbed out of the ditch, "you'll have this done by the end of the week won't you?"

"Yeah, I reckon so," Don agreed, "our new team mate here is a real source of encouragement to make us work our muscles harder."

"Yes, so I saw from those wonderful photos you sent me," Clive smiled as he walked over to me, "Ben, I see you're fitting in, subscribing to our work ethic."

"I've been given a good introduction, yes," I smiled as he stepped closer, one hand going to my shoulder and the other to my hip, "you can't beat working up a sweat with your colleagues."

"You know, that's exactly what I had in mind," Clive smiled as he moved in for the kiss. I closed my eyes, opened my mouth and submitted to him as he pulled me closer, his lips working with mine and his tongue insistent in its exploration of my mouth. I liked the feel of his body and the taste of his mouth, and I was starting to stiffen in my shorts at the thought of this rugged older man working up a sweat with me.

"Mmm, nice," Clive moaned when our mouths parted, "how about we go some place where I can continue your induction into our group?"

"I like the sound of that!" I chuckled as he goosed my ass.

Clive told Don and James that he was taking me over to the old stables, and that they should pack up their gear and join us, an announcement that put big leering grins on their faces. I got into Clive's truck and we slowly headed off, apparently to the other side of the estate where the old unused stables were.

"It's been earmarked for renovation for years," he explained to me as we ambled along, "but we've taken it over as our club house, so to speak. The public don't have access to it so we never get disturbed there - except by members of staff of course!"

As he spoke he used one hand to undo his trousers and I watched him pull his erection out as he looked across and smiled at me. I took his meaning, quickly undoing my shorts so that I could pull my cock out as I slid closer to him on the seat, and we reached across to take a hold of each other's cock.

"I knew from the moment I interviewed you Ben that you would fit right in," Clive chuckled as we played with each other, "that and I liked the look of your ass in those jeans you wore!"

"Sir, my ass is yours any time you like!" I chuckled as I looked into his eyes, my hand slowly working up and down his rather splendid erection.

"Good lad!" he beamed at me, his left hand working my boner, "I hope you know how to use this too?"

"Don't worry, I can give as good as I get," I moaned as he gave me a squeeze.

We exchanged more of these rather horny pleasantries as we drove around the estate, each of us gently playing with a handful of hard cock meat, nodding to other staff as we went past. I was looking forward to getting to grips properly with Clive's cock; it was big and thick, a bit longer than Don's and had prominent veins running along it, and I knew it was going to feel so good sliding up my ass.

"Here we are," Clive said as he pulled the truck up by a rather dishevelled and run-down looking Victorian building, clearly stables at some point, "come on, let's go and get comfortable."

We didn't bother putting our dicks away - what would be the point - and I followed Clive inside, where it turned out to be in a better state of repair than the outside. There was an open area that had a pool table, a smattering of old armchairs and sofas, and a kitchen area. Past this were the old stalls, and the first few of these had been cleaned out and had more furniture in them.

"Come on, in here Ben, we need to get naked!" Clive said with a wicked gleam in his eye as he led me into a stall that had a big old leather sofa in it and some old deep pile carpet on the brick floor.

The next few minutes saw us kissing, groping and caressing each other as we undressed each other, stripping completely bare, boots and all. We were both quite taken with each other's naked bodies, Clive enjoying my muscled and lean figure while I admired his stocky build and the fuzz of greying hair on his chest and belly. 

"Sit yourself down Ben," Clive told me, and as I sat down on the sofa he stood right in front of me, holding his cock and rubbing its swollen head across my lips "suck me."

You got it boss I thought to myself, parting my lips and letting him guide himself between them. I lashed the hard smooth surface and explored his piss slit, and he made it quite clear he was enjoying it, moaning happily and using one hand to stroke my face - the other had a firm hold of his cock.

With my hands free I let them wander, running them up the back of Clive's powerful thighs to his buns, which I proceeded to squeeze and massage. As he fed more of his cock into my mouth I explored his ass crack, finding and teasing his anus with my fingertips.
