 I appreciate all the feedback and comments on part 1 and hopefully you all like part 2 just as much (or more!) 

***

I must've passed out shortly after our shared orgasm. I woke up several hours later still naked and covered in (now dry) cum, and I could also feel some still lingering in my ass.

Tim was sleeping naked beside me, his arm over my chest. I desperately wanted to slide out of the bed without him noticing so I could get my things and get out.

I managed to lift his arm and shimmy my way off the bed, and slid out into the living room to get dressed. 

As I walked I could feel residual cum oozing and sliding along my crack and no-longer-virginal hole. Something about that feeling stirred my cock a little, but I needed to get home. I'm sure my fiancee had been trying to get ahold of me for hours, and sure enough once I'd slipped on my clothes I checked my phone to find several missed calls and texts wondering where I was.

I slowly made my way up the stairs and out the door into the cool night. How was I going to explain to her why I was out until 4 am and not answering her calls? I decided I'd make up a story about drinking too much and passing out. I figured it was a safe bet.

More importantly, though, how am I going to reconcile with what REALLY happened? I had just let a man pump his seed inside of me, and not only that, I had loved it. I was begging for it, no less. And what did he say again about a test? Something about accepting my homosexuality? It was all so fuzzy.

There was no denying it, though. Last night had been the most pleasurable experience of my life. I had enjoyed sex with my fiancee before, but I'd never felt anything like that, and certainly not recently.

My head was swimming by the time I got to my place. I quietly made my way upstairs and undressed to take a shower. I needed to try to wash everything that had happened away, but I especially needed to not smell like man sex and cum when she smells me.

I vigorously washed my whole body, taking careful effort to try to clean as much residual cum that might be in my hole as I could. While I was doing that I could tell my hole was noticeably looser, and the act of trying to get as much out was starting to feel good as my fingers rubbed on and around my hole.

I started losing myself sliding a finger in and out, and eventually two. My cock was back to its raging rigidity, and I had a moment of clarity again. What was I doing? What the hell was happening to me?

I flipped the water to ice cold and tried to drown the urges away. Eventually I managed to calm down and get out. I just needed some more sleep, I told myself. 

My fiancee was indeed asleep in the bed, and as I got in next to her she stirred and looked over at me.

"Where were you all night?"

"I had a few beers and, I don't really know how, but I just fell asleep watching the game. I just woke up and came home." 

"Okay... Well... Alright, I guess. Goodnight."

I told her goodnight and rolled over, relieved she had bought it. Within a few minutes I had drifted to sleep. 

Over the next few weeks I avoided Tim like the plague. Periodically he'd wave to me as I drove by to or from work, but other than that I made sure to avoid any contact. 

I had hoped to chalk things up as a one-off and just move on with things, but that was proving much more difficult than I'd expected.

Every night I would wake up early, around 2 or 3 am with a raging erection, and having just dreamt about being servicing a man (or group of men) and being pumped with cum until I passed out. 

When I woke up, I had no choice but to relieve myself, and more and more I was only able to do so while imagining myself taking a man's cock. 

It was beginning to consume me. I found myself daydreaming about it at work, and admiring men in my office and around town. Wondering how big their cocks were, and if they had big balls capable of producing big thick loads. 

This all culminated one night when my fiancee and I were getting physical. I found myself relatively unaroused during our foreplay, and when it came time for insertion I was almost completely flaccid. It wasn't until I let my mind wander and started wondering if Tim was across the street stroking his big thick cock that I sprang up.

I managed to fake my way through my imagining I was the one lying on their back being fucked like a girl. Imagining all the ways I wanted to be fucked and filled with cum.

It was then that I decided I had to talk to Tim. 

The next day I told my fiancee a made up a story about needing to help him with something, and I made my way over.

Tim answered the door with a slight smirk on his face. 

"Well hey there, wasn't sure if I'd see you again."

He welcomed me inside and we headed down to the living room where it all began. 

I told him all about how lately I couldn't get it up for straight porn OR my fiancee, and about the thoughts I'd been having about men.

"I thought we discussed this last time? I knew you were a cockslut the moment I laid eyes on you", he said with a gut laugh. 

"I'm not a... One of those. I'm just- I just need to get my head straightened out."

"I think we both know what you really need." 

With that he slid down his shorts to reveal his already semi hard cock and big heavy balls. 

"I don't know... I feel like if I give in to this again, I might not be able to come back from it", I mumbled out. 

"If you don't want this, why did you come over tonight? Tell you what, if you can look at this cock and get up and walk out the door, then maybe I'm wrong. But we both know that's not gonna happen."

Determined to prove him wrong, I stood up and walked over to the stairs and started walking up them. I made it all the way to the door when something took over me. Like a zombie in autopilot I made my way back down the stairs and into the living room.

There, in all his glory, Tim was leaned back in his recliner, his semi-erect cock laying across his thigh. I walked over to him, and without a thought dropped to my knees and took his cock in my hand. I stared, transfixed at the tip as I squeezed a small droplet of precum out. He was right. I knew deep down when I decided to come over that this would happen, and the thought only made my heart race faster. If I didn't want this, no, NEED this, I wouldn't have come over. 

And with that, I took his cock into my eager mouth yet again. 

"Mmmm that's my good boy. I knew you couldn't resist daddy's cock." 

I moaned agreement as I worked his swollen mushroomhead with my tongue, cradling his balls with my hand. I kissed up and down his shaft before kissing and sucking each ball individually.

Tim stood me up and had me take off my clothes. My rock hard, leaking cock sprang out of my boxers. 

"Wow, you're that hard and you haven't even touched it! I told you that you were a cockslut."

I nodded in agreement, my inhibitions shattered. I was a cockslut. All I thought about was cock and cum and being filled with another man's load. And all I could think about now was Tim's cock filling me up. 

I walked over to the couch and positioned myself on my knees, ass up, presented for his taking.

"Oh, wow. You're just offering yourself up to me now. That's my good boy", he said with a smirk as he slapped my ass. 

"Yes, daddy. Please fuck me with your big cock I need you to fill me up, daddy please!"

He didn't need any more encouragement. He began working my asshole with his hands to loosen me up for my real treat. Once I was good and loose, he began rubbing his cock along my crack, smearing precum all over my hole, teasing it with his tip.

"Please put it in, daddy. I need it so bad!"

"I know you do, my boy. And I'm going to give you what you need. Consider this your confirmation."

I could feel him pressing his tip against my hole, and this time it didn't hurt nearly as bad. I could feel the ridge of his helmet pass through, followed by his shaft, and once again I was awash with feelings of wholeness and completeness.

"Ohhh yes daddy...", I moaned as I pressed back to accept his manhood into me. 

When he reached full insertion, I could feel his big heavy balls against me. I arched my back up and turned my head around and he obliged with a deep kiss before he began slowly working his cock in and out.

I loved the feeling of being a man's pleasure tool. That he was driving his big thick cock in and out of me, and that my reward for giving myself to him was his hot seed spilling deep inside me. 

I began to enthusiastically match his rhythm, pushing back to drive his cock as deep as it could go. 

"Oh fuck yeah, daddy, slam that cock into me. I need your load so bad."

"Mmm that's good, boy. You've finally accepted who you really are, haven't you?"

"Yes, daddy I'm your little slut who needs cock!"

"Who's cock, boy?" 

"Your cock, daddy, I need your cock inside me filling me with your cum!" I couldn't even believe the words I was saying, but I knew I felt them. I really did need it and I was going to milk every last drop from him. 

I could feel him picking up his pace as he firmly gripped my hips and began to grunt as he gave a few deep, hard thrusts and I felt that familiar, blissful feeling of his warmth spilling into me. 

"Ohhhh...", I said as I collplapsed onto the couch, rolling onto my side and feeling his cock slip out, a trail of cum slowly oozing out with it. I probed my hole a bit to get some on my fingers and brought it to my mouth. 

"I'm glad you finally accepted things, I was worried I might not get to have this sweet ass again", he said, giving my ass another slap. 

"It was all I could think about. I don't know what I'm going to do now, but I know I can't keep pretending I don't need this", I replied. 

"Well, have you ever enjoyed sex that much with your fiancee? Or any woman, for that matter?" 

"Definitely not. I mean like I said, I couldn't even get it up for her last time we tried..."

"Then I think it's obvious. You've been turned out. You're gay now, and probably always were, you just needed someone to show you."

I was starting to think he was right. I wanted to disagree, and argue with him, but I couldn't come up with a single point to refute him. The two best sexual experiences I'd had were with him, and I hadn't found myself attracted to women in weeks, and maybe what I had perceived previously as attraction wasn't real attraction.

"I think you're right..." 

I decided it was time to accept things. But to do that, I needed something different. 

I stood up and grabbed Tim's hand and led him back to the spare bedroom. I walked over and laid on my back while he stood watching, his cock slowly hardening. 

"You said earlier that was my confirmation, but I don't think so. You've fucked me twice, and both times I was in a haze of lustful denial. But now my mind is clear, and I am making this conscious choice. Now I need you to make love to me. That will be the confirmation of accepting my homosexuality."

He smiled at me and said "I would love to introduce you to gay love." 

He crawled onto the bed and lifted my legs up, presenting my hole to him once more. He ran his cock around my hole and slapped it a few times before leaning down and kissing me deeply, his hands running all over my chest and stomach.

Then he took his cock with one hand and began sliding it back into my hole again, this time much easier. 

Once fully inside I locked my legs around him again, as he slowly and rhythmically began thrusting while kissing all over my neck and face. 

He kept his slow pace for quite some time as our bodies began to sweat, and mixed with my precum leaking on my stomach, made our bodies very slick, sliding and rubbing against each other. 

His tongue probing and pushing into my mouth, my tongue receiving and massaging his.

He slowly began to pick up the pace, his balls rubbing against my ass with greater frequency. 

"Are you ready, baby? I'm going to fill you up again, and this time there won't be any going back." 

I looked him in the eyes and said "I don't ever want to go back." 

He began pumping his cock harder and deeper, and began stroking mine as well. He took me in a deep kiss as he went, and I couldn't help moaning into his mouth as he trusted.

Then, it happened again, but this time it was different. The clarity in my mind allowed me to really feel his seed flowing with each throb of his cock, and that feeling sent my cock into spurts as well, covering our torsos in rope after rope of my own cum.

After he finished he broke the kiss and propped himself up slightly and scooped some of my cum off my chest and fed it to me, which I eagerly accepted. 

"Welcome to your new life", he said with a smile.