 I was back at the ABS (Adult Bookstore) in New Jersey. It was a nice evening in September, and I really only wanted one thing – to get into the booth with the glory hole and suck cock. As many as possible. But it didn't turn out that way, this time. Something else entirely happened.

As usual, I parked my car so it wasn't obvious or visible from the main road. I walked in and nodded to the guy behind the counter – we were at least on speaking terms by now, given how frequently I 'shopped' there. I did my usual circuit of the materials in the store. I think I will always be attracted to the big tit magazines – I do love tits! Then from there through the rest of the skin mags, from the solo women to the couples to the groups. I found an S&M magazine that wasn't sealed and spent a very arousing few moments looking at restrained bodes, wondering what that might feel like. Then I moved into the gay porn and spent another few minutes getting hard and charged before I made change and went down to the booths. 

Now it strikes me as odd – I never seemed to meet any guys in the hallway at that particular ABS. Others used to have guys who would hang in the hallways, nodding at one another, and acting kind of weird. Not here. I would walk down stairs and find booths that were closed, some that were open, but no one just hanging out. It was actually a little bit of a relief, come to think of it. 

In any case, I pulled open the door to one of the booths that I knew had a glory hole – I'd used it about a week before – and it was still there. Closing and locking the door behind me, I put a few dollars' worth of quarters in the machine and started flipping through the videos, looking for something I hadn't seen before. I found one right away – a tiny blonde on her knees, sucking one cock in a circle of 3 more. BOING! I was immediately hard as a rock, imagining myself in her place. I watched in abject fascination as she deep throated all four of them in turn – and two of them had to be a foot long. That was talent. That was something I wanted to do.

While this was going on I heard the door open next door, and saw the change in lighting as it opened and the video screen came on. Nothing happened, so continuing to stroke my hard dick, I bent over to look. Something was odd. I saw a pair of jeans and what looked like a log running down one of the legs. I had to look again – but this was perhapd the biggest cock I had ever seen. Surely this was a guy who wanted his cock sucked – hell, he deserved to have it worshipped if it was as big as I thought it was!

I put my hand through the hole and beckoned. No response. I put my hand through the hole and repeated the gesture and again, no response. At that point, I pulled my hand out and stuck my open mouth up to the hole. I stuck my tongue out. Again, nothing. So I reached my hand into his booth and started to stroke that trouser monster through his pants. He let me do this for a little bit, but when I went to unzip his pants, he pulled my hand away and bent his head to the hole.

"Let's go back to my place" he whispered.

"I don't know" was my reply.

"We won't do anything you don't already want" he said, and I was hooked. He was magnetic and I was going to follow him anywhere.

We both stepped out of the booths as soon as our respective screens went dark. I followed him upstairs and out of the store without saying a word until we got to the parking lot.

"I don't live far away. Follow me – I'm in that BMW." 

"I'm in that Ford. I'll follow. My name is Rich."

"You can call me Dom" he said. 

When we arrived he unlocked the door. "Come in and take off your clothes."

I didn't think too much, just walked in and began to undress. When I was naked I dropped to my knees and moved over to him. I started running my hands all over his crotch, concentrating on that growing big cock still running down his leg. He started unbuttoning his shirt. 

"Use your mouth," he said. 

That was fine with me. I put my mouth over his cock and worked my way up and down it, getting his pants wet and feeling his dick grow harder. I was beginning to feel like that cock was my entire world. I reached up to unfasten his belt and unbutton his jeans. But when I started to unzip him her grabbed my hand. "I said use your mouth."

So I did. It was the first time I ever attempted it but it was hot! I was almost crazy with lust – I had to get that big cock in my mouth – so I used my tongue and my teeth and managed to get his zipper down. At that point, he pushed me back and dropped his pants and underware and what had to have been a 10", hardening, circumsized dick jumped out into my face. 

Then he grabbed my face in his hands and forced me to look up at him. "Look at me," he commanded. It was as if he was pouring electricity through his hands. I sat back on my haunches and simply looked.

God, he was an Adonis! I mean, he had to have been 6'2, and 200 and none of it was fat. It was perfect for holding an amazingly handsome face. Piercing blue eyes, a wide mouth and an expression that I couldn't quite figure out but which made me wonder just what I had gotten myself into while at the same time not giving a shit as long as he wanted me for himself. I was like a captured bird. 

"You're here because you thought you would get to suck this big cock, am I right?" he asked. 

"Yes," I said, "but I'll do whatever you want. I will be yours. Just command me." I have no idea where that came from, but it was evidently the right thing because his eyes lit up. 

"Excellent. I thought that would be your answer. Here are my rules – you do what I say. That's all. Can you live with that? No questions, no hesitation – you are mine for tonight (at least)." 

Again, I couldn't tell you why I answered like I did, but I heard myself telling him "anything to make you happy." I was anxious to find out what he wanted from me but at the same time ready for anything. 

He moved over to the couch and bent over it, offering up his well-defined ass. "Eat my ass" he commanded. When I didn't immediately jump he followed it up with "NOW."

At that point I moved over and put my hands on the cheeks of his ass and spread them. The only times I had ever eaten out anyone's ass had been with a few different girl friends after coming out of a shower. This was different – but I took a deep breath and started running my tongue up that flesh from his balls to his brown hole. I started massaging his cheeks at the same time, keeping them spread and grabbing them hard. 

I had his taint completely soaked with saliva and had worked up to his hole. The taste was a little odd, and the smell reminded me of a locker room, but at that point I wasn't about to stop and make comparisons. I kissed his hole, and then working my tongue around it and into it. Bit by bit, I was getting his hole spread and wet. 

It was being appreciated, I could tell. His monster cock was hard as steel, pointing up to his chin, dripping precum onto his couch. His hips were moving in time to my tongue and he was moaning and groaning. Then he clenched his asshole around my tongue and forced it, standing up as he did. As he turned around his cock was inches from my mouth but he put his hand on my head and held me in place. 

"That was good, little man. It tells me you are here for me. Before I let you have any of my dick I need you to go take a shit. Empty yourself. It would be great if you could wash, but that will be for next time. For now, just do it."

I was buzzing with excitement. It was obvious that he wanted my ass, and I was all for it, actually, But my cock wouldn't go down so it made it a little tough to take care of business. Eventually, I got soft and was able to concentrate on eliminating everything. Then I was and came out to find him sitting on his couch, his arms draped over the back, his legs spread and that beautiful dick standing straight up. 

"All right little man, let's see if you can do a good job on my dick. Get on your knees and take care of me." 

That was what I really wanted – the opportunity to worship his king dick – and I moved like a rocket between his knees. I figured I needed to make him really happy, so I put everything I knew, everything I had read, and everything I could imagine into treating his cock and balls as if they were sent from heaven.

First, I simply moved my mouth close enough to breathe on him, and I inhaled the smell of every inch of that beauty. From the top, along the shaft, to his balls, I just let myself breath in. Then I stuck out my tongue and began to flick at his balls. Little licks and flicks, first one, then the other. When he started groaning, I moved from his balls to the bottom of his tool and tried to repeat myself, working from the bottom to the top and back again, each time trying to touch my tongue to a different part of his cock. I went up and down time and again until I made sure that the bottom and sides were all wet, and then I moved to the tip. 

Again, I had to stop and just look. The head was about the size of a tennis ball, split down the middle with a dripping slit. My tongue had a mind of its own and I started to lick up the precum, lapping at it like a dog. I started to put my hands on his shaft but he barked out "no hands" and I stopped. 

By now the entire head was in my mouth and I had covered every delicious inch of it with my tongue, so it was time to start working my way down on that dick. I'd practiced with dildos. I'd deep throated a bunch of guys through glory holes – but never ten inches (or whatever he was). But he was to be worshipped, so anything less would be a failure. 

On the one hand, I wanted to simply drive it all the way down my throat but at the same time that wouldn't let him know how important his cock was to me. So I had to back off from my urges. Slowly, I would take in the head and move mouth my lips a little further down his dick. I was giddy with the heat of it. The feel of it. Pretty soon I had 5 inches in my mouth and the head was banging against the back of my throat. That would be the test – and I couldn't fail! I wanted to make sure I was going to get more of his cock than just tonight, so I had to impress him. 

With that cockhead as deep as it would go, I took a deep breath, stopped and began to relax my throat muscles. When I felt them expanding I press forward and two more inches of dick were in my mouth. I heard a groan, and at the same time felt his hands on the back of my head. I pressed forward some more and soon felt another 2 inches in my throat. I made like I was swallowing so the muscles would milk that cock, and then pulled back to catch my breath. I licked the head, took another deep breath and put him back in my mouth, then my throat, and then kept going until my nose was pressed into his belly. The moaning increased. His hips were starting to pump. I kept my head there and kept swallowing, wanting to drain his load down my throat until he grabbed my head and pulled me off his cock. 

"Oh, you're good, little man. You're only the second person to take it all. Seems like you wanted me to cum there – but not tonight. Tonight, I'm going to take your ass and we'll see what the future brings, okay?"

"Anything you want," I said again with my eyes full of his big, throbbing cock. And I would do anything to get more of that cock. Little did I know what that would eventually lead to, but for that night, I was ready. 

"Stand up and turn around" he said to me, "and then bend over. Put your hands on your knees and relax a bit." I heard some sound, and suddenly something wet and cold was pouring down the crack of my ass. 

"Feel that?" he asked. "Work that into your asshole. Get it good and wet." I almost had no choice but to comply. I reached back and rubbed that lube over and around my ass. I got one finger in, and then another. I was starting to fuck myself faster and faster. 

"That's good" he said, "but we're going to have to stretch you more." Then his fingers replaced mine. There was more lube, and he working two fingers in, then a third one, stretching my ass and making sure it was wet all over. Then a fourth finger and I was panting, bent over, knowing that I had to relax to get ready for that monster cock. 

He pulled his fingers out and said "move your legs outside of mine and then sit back." At least he was letting me control his entrance. I spread my legs and ass wide and grabbed his dick. I held it steady and placed the head up against my hole. He had used lube on his cock, and took a little to get it centered. Then slowly I began to sit back, trying to keep my ass relaxed as the pressure mounted. I closed my eyes and concentrated on relaxing that muscle – I mean, I had see that I could shit turds as wide as his cock, so I knew I could do it. But as it slowly gave way, it was hard to keep from clinching the muscle. Bit by bit his cock was entering my ass. With a pop the head went in and I had to stop for the pain to subside. It was excruciating, but again, I wasn't going to make him think I was anything less than his perfect toy. 

So, with tears streaming down my face, I pressed down onto his big dong. It was thick and hot and poking into my guts and going deeper and deeper. I thought it was going to come up my throat! But eventually I couldn't get any farther down and I just sat back on his lap, his balls up against mine, with the most amazing sensations going on in my body around his cock. Every time he twitched I could feel him move. The pain was going away and again I was being mesmerized by his dick. We sat for a minute more.

Then he bent forward and told me to get on my knees, and lean on the coffee table. With that, he started to pull his dick out. He got to the point where the only thing left was the head and it was like I was empty. I leaned back against him, hoping to urge him to drive into my ass. He obliged. 

"Your ass is mine, little man. I'm going to fuck you hard" he grunted.

"Do it to me. Fuck me. Fuck me hard. Empty your balls in my ass. Whatever you want" I replied. 

And he did. I don't know how long it took him, but I was seeing stars as he pounded me. I was breathing short, shallow breaths, and I came at least twice without touching my dick. Eventually his thrusts lost their rhythm and became jerky movements and then I felt him start to come. Cum worked its way up the length of him, the big tube on the bottom of it pulsing and twitching, and then it felt like a firehose was spraying my guts as he came and came and came. 

We were both wiped out after that. We each cleaned up, exchanged phone numbers, and I dressed to go. 

"I want more of your cock, Dom" I told him. "I want to worship that big dick. I want to suck your balls dry." 

"I figured that. We can meet again. I have some things in mind if you are willing to surrender. If not, then, this was a one night stand." He left that hanging in the air.

I swallowed hard and told him, "I'll be yours." 

TO BE CONTINUED