 My family moved from Ohio to California when I was in High School. I instantly fell in love with California and enjoyed the opportunity to play outdoor sports year round. I excelled in baseball and swimming. We lived close to the beach to, so I learned how to surf pretty good. As the years went by I developed many great friends and was fairly popular. I missed some of my friends in Ohio but that's about it. 

My parents were easy to deal with and I pretty much got away with a lot of crap. My little sister Chris, had it a little tougher than me but she managed to have her fun too. We watched each others backs and were very close. She was 2 years younger and had a lot of hot girlfriends. I banged a few of her friends and became very close to one Samantha. Chris was cool with this because she banged one of my best friends. Samantha was pretty wild when she got drunk, she liked to drink Margaritas and I supplied her with many. We did all kinds of things when we got drunk and naked. She let me bang her in the ass when she was on her period, which was more intense than her snatch. I always counted the days till she had to start using pads and tampons. I loved to screw her sweet ass and she didn't mind as long as she was drunk.

I went off to college and let the relationship between us fizzle out. I studied hard in college and did well. I also did good with the ladies and banged a lot of horny college chicks. In my senior year I started to get serious with one girl, Holly. She was athletic, smart and loved to suck cock. She was a very enthusiastic cock sucker, but could never take my cock all the way down her throat. 

What she did love was the taste of my cum, way too much. When I shot big loads in her mouth, she would let it pool up in her mouth, savoring my milky love juice as long as she could before she swallowed it. Then she would try to kiss me right after and I always pushed her away. I could never understand why she craved my cum so much, but one day in the future I would figure it out. 

After graduating college, I landed a good job that paid well. I soon had my own condominium and things were looking bright. Holly lived about 30 miles away and we spent almost every weekend together. 

Most of the time she came to my place for the weekend to fuck my brains out, once in a while I went to hers. She shared an old house with two hot flirty roommates. Her roommate's always tried to seduce me when she wasn't looking. Her roommates were a few years younger than Holly and super sexy. They would prance around the house half nude all the time and flash me all kinds of skin. I always loved the free shows, when Holly was doing chores or checking the mail.

Holly and I were pretty close but there was one thing she wasn't into. She wouldn't take it in the ass. She didn't even want to try and when I pressed her she got pissed off, so eventually I let it go. The relationship was falling apart, especially on one afternoon when she caught me making out with her roommate.

Her roommate Courtney, had the nicest toned ass I've ever seen and flirted with me more and more. She said she'd let me fuck her in the ass if we ever got the chance to be alone. I guess she found out from Holly that I wanted anal and Holly didn't. 

One Saturday afternoon I was watching a baseball game at her place, Holly left me alone with Courtney and went to run some errands. Immediately Courtney came on to me when Holly left. She came out of her room wearing the sexiest purple bra and thong. I got and instant hard-on when she walked in, then she came up to me and sat on my lap. We started making out like horny teenagers, it was getting very hot. She gabbed my cock and jerked me as we made out. I slid my hand down her smooth ass crack and began to massage her tight ass hole with my middle finger, that's when Holly walked in. Courtney jumped up and ran to her room and Holly started screaming at me to get the fuck out. That was the last time I saw Holly, or her roommates. 

I was bummed out and felt stupid for messing around with her roommate. I threw myself into my job and focused on work and exercise. My boss recently hired a new big guy named Brad who was given the vacant desk next to mine. Brad is 6'2", very good looking guy with a slightly muscular build. Like me he loved sports and was a star athlete in High School. Brad is 26 years old like me, and just got divorced from his High School sweetheart. We had a lot in common, more than I knew at the time.

We had a lot of fun on the job and began to hang out after work. Brad was very humble guy and always dressed sharp. After getting to know him better, I could sense he lost a little of his confidence. He really was a very kind, sincere person. I wanted to help him through his divorce and help him gain his confidence back. Although he had no kids with his X wife, he was heartbroken. He found out she was having an affair with her boss and was crushed. She dumped him for a rich older guy and moved in with the home wrecker. 

As the weeks went by, we became closer, he seemed to be getting over his divorce and began to laugh a lot more.

We went on bike rides, went swimming and generally had a great time together. He looked nice in speedos and filled out the front pretty good. He also looked great in bike tights, so I bought some just like his. We also loved watching comedy shows like Impractical Jokers and silly slapstick movies.

He was coming out of his shell and began to open up about his personal life more. 

He had the same complaint I did with my X. No anal sex, ever. We talked about it and thought it was funny we had the same problem with our X's. I told him about Samantha, my anal sex queen from High School and he wanted to hear every detail. He had a girlfriend in college that would give up the booty once in a while, which he admitted was the best sex. He also said that as long as she was fresh out of the shower, he loved licking around her bum hole. He said it made her crazy for him and it turned him on big time. He claimed it gave him a monster hard on in no time. 

"What's the big deal, as long as you take it slow at first and let them adjust to the new sensation. Some chicks are just too uptight to try. They think it's disrespectful to their pussy's or something." 

"I know, some chicks get really pissed off when you hit them up for a little backdoor action."

"You got that right, you think we were asking to shove a baseball bat up there." We both laughed. 

"Brad you are hilarious. Who writes your material?"

"It's you Mike, you inspire me to be my goofiest."

"Thanks, I appreciate that." I replied with a chuckle. 

He always cracked me up with his comments and after our anal sex talk, we soon began to talk about anything on our minds. There was no holding back on any subject anymore.

One Friday night after work at his place, we were drinking beers, sitting next to each other watching silly videos again. Then a video of guy deep throating a banana came on, it was funny but kind of awkward to watch with him. We laughed hysterically when the guy choked at the end.

"That was fucking crazy Brad, have you ever seen that one before?"

"I've seen some crazy shit online before but never seen the deep throat banana man."

"Are you sure?" I poked at him.

"Awe come on Mike, you know I've never been gay."

"I don't know that for sure." I teased at him.

"You fucker, shut up." He said jokingly and shoved my arm.

I was a little drunk and feeling silly, so I went to his kitchen and grabbed one of his banana's. I came back in with the banana hidden behind me. I whipped it out and put down to my crotch and wiggled it.

"Hey big boy, I have a surprise for you." Teasing him like this, for the first time. It was all fun and games and he knew it.

"Come on Mike, your drunk."

"I know I was just messing you bro, I know your not gay."

I've never been gay either; but if I had to, Brad would be the perfect candidate. He had a sexy ass and a great smile. I put the banana back and we resumed our silly videos. We ended up getting pretty drunk that night, so he let me sleep over for the first time. He gave me a blanket and pillow and I fell asleep on the couch. The next morning I woke up and saw him across the room coming out of the bathroom, he was completely nude. I couldn't believe how big his cock was, it was like 7 inches soft.

He must of thought I was still asleep and when he glanced at me, I pretended I was. He walked around the kitchen for a minute then went back to his room. Brad sure had a big cock, I can see why his X-wife didn't want that going up her butt. 

I got up a few minutes later to take a leak and I was stuck with a boner that wouldn't let me pee. I couldn't pee so I leaned forward and bent my hard shaft down to drain my lizard. When I came out Brad was in the kitchen wearing sweats, no shirt and making coffee. I was glad he wasn't nude anymore. It would of been hard not to stare at his big cut cock. 

"Good morning Mike, you sleep OK?" He said kindly.

"Yeah, not bad. This is very comfortable couch."

"I fall asleep all the time on that thing, hey how about some fresh coffee?"

"Why thank you my good man." He handed me a big cup of coffee.

"Cream and sugar, just the way you like it."

We joked around and talked for a while about work. He suggested a short walk and some fresh air, I agreed. He changed into some shorts and tennis shoes and offered me some shorts also. 

"Brad what size shoe do your wear? I can't wear shorts with these work shoes!"

He started cracking up and noticed my dress shoes on the floor. 

"Why not, that will look cute."

"Very funny, what size shoes you got?"

He went to his room and tossed me a pair of tennis shoes.

"I wear size 12 but these are small on me, if you like them there yours."

I tried them on and they fit great, which was a pleasant surprise.

"Dude thanks, these are sweet."

"There yours!"

We took off for a Saturday morning walk. During our walk we made fun of almost everyone we saw. Then we saw a smoking hot chick running in skin tight spandex leggings. She smiled at us as she ran past.

"Fuck she was hot. Nice camel toe."

"I bet she could suck down a big banana!" He said, and we both cracked up. 

"I got a big fucking banana for her anytime." I joked back, as we continued laughing our asses off. 

I thought of saying, 'she could suck a whole banana but she couldn't suck all of your big dick'. I resisted the temptation and let it go. We saw more hot chicks and guys running and biking. We were having a great time, joking it up and teasing each other. When we got back to his place we had some more coffee and he flipped on the TV.

"You got any plans for today Mike?" He asked.

"I got a bunch of stuff I need to take care of. I'll be busy all afternoon."

"Well if your free tonight, you wanna watch some hoops?" 

"Sure, that sounds great buddy, why don't you come over my place tonight."

"OK, how about I show up around 7:00 at tip off?"

"Perfect, I'll be ready by then. Hey Brad can I snag a banana? I'm starving."

"Dude, I dare you!" He said, with a mischievous grin on his face.

"What the fuck?" Then I realized he was teasing me about the deep throat banana man.

I went and grabbed the big banana from last night. I walked in and started to peel down the skin. I decided to poke fun at him with the banana. He was sitting on the couch and I stood off to his side with the banana in hand. It wasn't as big as his cock, but good sized.

"Is this what you want big boy?" I teased.

"I seriously dare you."

"You can't be serious Brad."

"Chicken."

He looked over and laughed as I put the big hard banana to my lips. I wasn't going to suck it for him, no way. I was just playing along with his teasing.

"Go for it."

"Now way dude."

I pulled back and was about to take a big bite out of the long banana, when he stopped me. 

"Come on, just try for a second."

He was semi serious at this point, so I decided to give it a half ass try to shut him up.

"If I get this down my throat, I will dare you to do something like this tonight. You still want me to try?"

"OK, sure. I will take that dare because you will never get that fucker down your throat without gagging." 

I gave him a look like don't mess with me, I can do this. I never tried this before but thought if I go slow I could handle this and make him do something even crazier. I began to shove it slowly down my throat, it was going down perfectly. Then I pulled it out and shoved it further down a second time, almost to the base. I pulled it out and stopped, and took a deep breath. I could see he looked mesmerized and tantalized. So I went at it again, taking the banana down even deeper. 

"OMG Dude that is awesome." He was laughing hysterically and slapping his leg. 

I did it one more time, pretty sure I could take the whole thing now. I Slowly pushed the big banana down and finally was able to take it all the way down my throat. I even surprised myself. I heard clapping from him as I pulled it completely out. I felt a little funny about what I just did, I also felt a hard-on in my shorts; which totally surprised me. 

"Man your a pro Magic Mike, we should put you on You Tube. You'll be famous!"

"I don't know how, or why I did that. If you ever tell anyone, I'll kick your ass."

"It's cool Mike, I swear to keep it between us. That is our secret, trust me OK?'

"I trust you Brad, but a dare is a dare and you owe me one buddy. That wasn't easy."

"I'm sure it wasn't. Not that I would try, but I don't think I could do that."

"Now watch this." I bit the tip off the banana and started chewing. 

He grabbed his cock and cried in pain. We laughed like kids and made light of the situation. I wanted to get going. I was feeling horny, and needed of a nice jack off session. I don't know what came over me, or why I was so horny all of a sudden.

"Ok Brad I better get out of here, I feel like a freak now."

"Dude it's no big deal, let it go." 

"Thanks Brad, I swear I never tried that before."

I grabbed my stuff and head for the door with my head down, obviously embarrassed.

He got up and grabbed me by the shoulders. 

"Dude it cool, don't get weirded out. Were just having fun. You've been a great friend and I know your not gay. I'll see you tonight."

He grabbed me and gave me a nice big hug for the first time. I felt his monster cock against my leg and my cock was still hard for some strange reason. Then I thought of his big long cock bouncing around this morning. Now is was pressed against my leg and the fucking thing was semi-hard. I held on to Brad long and hard, he must have felt my hard cock too. I moved my hand down his back and stopped right above his nice ass. I was scared to pull back and let him see me blushing, so I held on as long as I could. 

"Brad, I'm going to get going, I need some time to figure out a good dare for you tonight."

"No banana tricks OK?"

"No banana sucking I swear. I owe you for keeping this a secret. I'll see you tonight bro."

"Sounds good, have a great productive day."

I left Brads in a hurry, horny as hell. I bolted home and wacked my meat like crazy. I came real hard without the use of a video or magazine. Just nasty thoughts of sucking his gorgeous cock. Rubbing it around my face and tasting his pre-cum, then sucking it hard and devouring that monster. Giving him the best blow job of his life. 

During the afternoon as I plowed through my chores, I got to thinking about the guy sucking banana video. I took a break and fired up my laptop, I found more than one banana sucking video. Some with guys, some with girls. I had to admit, I was the best of the bunch. I wasn't proud of it at first but then thought, it was pretty cool that I could take a big long banana all the way down my throat. 

When I was at the market that afternoon shopping, I saw the banana display. I couldn't resist picking through them and finding the biggest hardest bananas in the bunch. I raced home to try it one more time. 

The bananas I selected were a little bigger and a bit green, definitely harder. I peeled back the skin and slowly started sucking down the banana like it was Brad's cock. I was totally surprised at the boner I got this time. I was able to get the whole thing down my throat and then I started pulling it in and out of my mouth. It turned me on and I began to whack my meat like crazy. I had so much pre cum seeping out, I didn't need any lotion. In no time I shot the biggest cum load into my hand and checked it out. I took a bite of the banana with a hand full of cum. Feeling crazy and horny, I put the banana in my hand and rolled it around in my cum. Then I licked the cum off the banana pretending it was Brad's cock. I loved the taste of banana and cum mixed together. I was glad I had five more hard bananas. I licked and sucked all the cum off the banana and licked my hand and fingers clean. This was completely new to me, I didn't know what to think of myself. I knew I liked it now, and it was fun, so I left it at that.

Then I began to think about sucking Brad's big cock again. Could I take it all, what would it be like, what would his cum taste like. Would Brad want me to? He's not gay either, this is nuts. I blew it off to just a lack of recent sex. I didn't think this was really going to happen with Brad, but it was a fun fantasy I couldn't get out of my head.

Then I remembered our hug, I enjoyed the sensation and he had to also. I was curious to what he was thinking at that moment. I knew he had not been laid in a long time, maybe my banana show really did turn him on. He was coming over tonight, I was getting butterflies in my stomach. 

I went about my chores and worked hard all day to pass the time. I took a nice hot shower and shaved my cock. It was easier to shave my cock with a boner. I never had a boner like this while shaving. I was one horny mother fucker. I decided to shave my entire body nice and smooth. I took my time and used a second razor to get every crevice nice and smooth. I felt real horny and very sexy after I dried off. I put body lotion all over my naked frame. I enjoyed putting lotion all over my cock and balls. I totally got into putting lotion all over my ass and bung hole. Feeling a little kinky, stuck a finger in my tight ass, then two for the first time. I tried to stretch my ass a little just in case. My cock was throbbing hard again. 'God dam, I've never been this horny before' I thought to myself.

I put on some nice clean clothes and fixed my hair. I put on some cologne, flossed and brushed my teeth and felt much better. I was ready for big Brad's arrival. I was even more ready to play truth or dare. I wanted to see his big cock come to life right before my eyes. 

He showed up on time and had a bunch of beer with him. I gave him a hug and welcomed him in. I was pretty sure his cock wasn't hard this time, so I tried to curb my horny thoughts for a while. 

"Hey Mike how was your afternoon?" He asked politely.

"Very productive, I got everything done around here." I waved my hand around my nice clean living room.

"Place looks great buddy, care for a cold one?"

"You bet, I'm ready for one, or six." 

I wanted to get him drunk as well and see if I could get him to whip out that big cock sometime tonight. He put the beers in the fridge and grabbed one for each of us. He was wearing tight red shorts that looked great and a super tight stretchy work out shirt on. His ass looked nice bending over, as he put the beers in the ice box. I was feeling flushed at this point, I was really horny for this guy! I took the beer from Brad and guzzled it. Brad smiled at me and sat down on the sofa. The TV was on and the game began.

"This is going to be a great game." He said.
