 Finally. A hotel in which I had a top level awards membership and guaranteed a room. It almost didn't matter after driving over three hundred miles in this nasty rain with near hurricane conditions that had closed roads and forced everyone inside. I had to find somewhere to stop and the last dozen hotels began to convince me that I'd be sleeping in my car.

Just getting out of the car, the wind and rain had me soaked through. The initial synthetic smile from Stephan - so the name on the badge of the young buck behind the registration desk said - didn't really warm me up, although he looked like he knew how to charm someone if that's what he wanted to do.

After finding my membership in the system, Stephen explained they were out of all normal member rooms, except the $1,000 a night Presidential Suite. He must have caught my expression or my wind-up to negotiate a different rate because he quickly added that in current circumstances, he could arrange to get me the studio suite rate of only $400, and offered me a genuinely charming smile to try to close the deal.

Realizing I had little choice and could always get creative with my expense report, I accepted Stephan's offer, and for the first time warmed up a bit and appreciated the charismatic stud who was doing his best to find me a bed for the night. Deep blue eyes, a strong jaw, well-sculpted shoulders and an upper body that broadcast he was every bit as in shape as he was eager to accommodate.

His last words struck me as as promising when he instructed me to park out of the weather in the reserved under-park and informed me about the hotel bar being open for another two hours. He then encouraged me to let him know if I needed "anything" (with a coy wink), to be sure to call down to the desk and "He'd take care of me personally."

Finding my way to the suite from the reserved parking was easy. I slid my room key into the slot and hit the button marked Presidential Suite, the only room on the top floor. Finding this hotel was amazing, but getting this room that had to have enjoyed more than one orgy was truly incredible. A jacuzzi tub big enough for six, a walk-in marble shower with four shower heads, a luxuriously appointed king bed, a full bar, a sitting room bigger than most hotel rooms and a two-sided fireplace between the bedroom and master bath. Wow.

It made me hard and horny just thinking of the possibilities in addition to the host at the front desk. I'd changed out of my wet clothing and was enjoying the fireplace warmth on my naked body. I heard a knock at the door and grabbed the hotel robe. As I opened the door, Stephen slid inside saying he wanted to personally welcome me, carrying a fruit basket and bottle of expensive wine compliments of the management (obviously referring to himself). He turned down my bed and made small talk, mentioning that it might be hard to get any "services" from outside the hotel, but that he'd be glad to check by after his shift was over in three hours, at midnight, to see if there was anything I needed.

A wicked, broad smile greeted me as I looked up at him, I thought for a moment he was standing there looking at me for a tip, but as I looked around for my wallet I realized my robe wasn't completely closed and that my erection was very prominently on display. I decided to let Stephan enjoy the view and give him a $20 tip. As he left, I encouraged him to come by after he got off to at least enjoy a glass of this fine wine with me. As he left, I noticed his slacks had a tent in them; he made it clear he'd be back later.

Realizing that I was still hungry, and hoping to get a good strong drink, I got dressed in comfortable clothing and found my way to the hotel bar.

There was a football game on accompanied by a throng of dedicated fans. I found the only unoccupied corner and took it for myself. I was again very aroused as my gaze rose up to take in the very hot body of Jonathan, the black-haired, green-eyed, six foot tall waiter who was asking for my order. I cleared my throat with an undertone of appreciation for the package I was admiring at eye level, and ordered a top-shelf Screaming Orgasm.

I knew he was young when in attempting to please me he offered to make it a double, and with a grin, I accepted. I knew full well that getting six ounces of alcohol into my drink makes it strong - but at least in this state, serving 12 ounces in one drink would be illegal. It seemed that he found the error in his way, and rather than disappoint me, he returned with not one, but two Screaming Orgasms.

He kneeled beside me and murmured that if anyone asked, I should just tell them that the guest drinking the other Screaming Orgasm would be coming back soon. I winked and whispered to him how much I appreciated him getting on his knees to give me such good service and advice. He chuckled and feigned losing his balance, reaching out to steady himself with a hand on my thigh. It was much further up than most guys would be comfortable with, but he left it there as he solicited my dinner order.

I asked what red meat he could recommend. He tried to not let on that our flirting had turned to invitation and innuendo, but I felt a soft squeeze and my cock definitely twitched. He said he'd recommend the hot and juicy bone-in rib eye, and that if I liked it a little bloody, to order it rare. He elaborated and said the chef tended to overcook, in his opinion, and that he preferred his meat just a little juicier than most men. He also recommended I try a side of oysters and a helping of spinach to keep up my strength.

There was no mistaking the brush of his hand on my hardening cock as he got up to take my order to the kitchen. He smiled back at me over his shoulder and disappeared.

It was then I saw the stunning blonde guy looking around the bar for a place to sit. I stood up and caught his attention, as the only open seat in the bar was across from me. I asked him if he'd like to join me, and he quickly agreed. He introduced himself as Bryan and settled into the comfortable chair with a sigh. When I offered him my second drink, he looked at me a bit funny (because I had two drinks stacked up), but accepted it. I explained that the young stud of a waiter hadn't realized that you can't legally serve a double Screaming Orgasm, so he ended up bringing me two. That got us both laughing.

I told him I'd just ordered dinner, but would love for him to join me if he'd like. He agreed, and when I told him my order, he waved down Jonathan and told him to "double the dinner order." Jonathan knew his secret was out, blushed a bit and gave us a tight-ass wave as he sashayed off to the kitchen.

I noticed Bryan didn't miss any of Jonathan's attractive assets as he watched him move away from the table. I was surprised at how he took in my own arousal in a long held glance as we began to talk. I found out Bryan was travelling and trapped by the weather as well. Despite his best efforts, he couldn't find a room for the night.

I told Bryan not to worry - I had a room big enough for five guys to share, and that he was welcome to stay in the sitting room of my Presidential Suite. He didn't seem too surprised, he confessed that Stephan, "the hot front host", had suggested I might be willing to share if he was willing to pitch in on the room. He gave me a knowing look as we toasted to nasty weather and new friendships.

Jonathan came with our dinners, again serving us by kneeling on one knee. This time he chose Bryan as his playmate, and actually caressed his thigh as he waited to see if our meat was cooked to our liking. I caught the chemistry that - for anyone looking - was red hot between these two. You could also see Jonathan's package visibly grow and start to twitch as he flirted with Bryan. I enjoyed the show.

We finished our dinner along with two more rounds of drinks. It was then that things got interesting, beyond the obvious heat that Bryan and Jonathan were enjoying. First Stephan, and then Jonathan came to our table and started to tell us that all the roads had been closed and that the authorities had banned all travel in the local area.

To break the tension I exclaimed, "Hurricane Party in the Presidential Suite!" They looked around to be sure no one else had heard my proclamation, and both in unison said, "No one can know we're staying in a guest's room. We could be fired!"

Bryan and I exchanged glances, and I said with a wink that I at least expected them to check in with us to be sure we were satisfied guests before they "walked home."

I had to help get Bryan's bags up to our suite, as the effects of alcohol were showing some. Only I had the only magic room key from the garage.

Once in our massive suite, after Bryan admired all the finer points - including the fireplace, Jacuzzi (which he started to fill without asking) and bar - we undressed and threw on the hotel robes. I asked Bryan how long he'd been bi, having noticed his ring as he had mine. Turned out we were nearly the same age and Bryan told me it was relatively recent that he'd become active, but that it dated back to his college years. I confided that I was new to the lifestyle, but finding it very stimulating.

It was still over an hour before the 'boys' would get off work and could join us. So, without talking, we both moved into the Jacuzzi and turned the lights down low. Electric candles blossomed to illuminate the room and our naked forms as we slipped into the warm, inviting water. Our hands devoured one another's naked form, my hand finding his rigid engorged cock and enjoying how it throbbed to my own pulse as I stroked it slowly. Leaning in and bringing my lips to his, we enjoyed our first kiss, more like old lovers than newly-found friends. The flirting and hot play of the evening created such a hot, sexual tension that we had to embrace.

My body pressed against his, I sucked on his bottom lip before I opened my mouth to his tongue. As they entwined, they began an erotic dance of lust and desire. Our cocks collided and our balls mashed together. Bryan embraced me tightly and my hand began to stroke our cocks as one. I moved my lips to suckle his erect nipple while I enjoyed his moan of pleasure as if it was my own. A tingle of electricity started where my cock head rubbed against his coursed through my body. Even my ears became more sensitive as Bryan sucked on my earlobe. I reached around to rub his lower back and fondle his ass. He was still holding me tight against him as our hips moved together. I stroked us harder, as Bryan lifted me out of the water and onto the rim of the tub.

I gasped as I watched him devour my cock in one deep swallow, taking me to my root and down his throat as if he'd done it a hundred times. One strong hand held me as the other stroked me deep into his mouth. His tongue worked my erect shaft as if it was a musical instrument and he was playing the desires of my soul. A talented lover more than even my fantasies had explored, his tongue made me gasp for breath and forget to breathe at the same time. I put my hands on the back of his head to keep some grip on reality as he took me to new heights. I couldn't help but to pump my hips into his mouth, balling his chin and face-fucking his throat, having completely lost control. I nearly fell backwards as I lost all sense of balance, and Bryan effortlessly held me in his arms as he stood up and carried me to the bed. My cock never left his powerful mouth.

When Bryan set me down, so we could 69 side-by-side, I got my first good look at his incredible cock. I gazed at and licked the full length of what had to be a 9" shaft. Swirling his purple mushroom-shaped crown, I teased his piss slit with the tip of my tongue, getting the desired moaning hum on my own cock that was buried in his mouth. My hands were on his tight, well-defined ass as I let my fingers explore his crack. Putting some of the liberal amounts of pre-cum streaming from Bryan's cock onto my finger, I slid my finger into his hot ass. His moan and the rapid thrust of his cock down my throat, along with his renewed pleasuring of my hardened man meat assured me that was something my new lover truly enjoyed.

As our tempo increased, I felt my balls start to tighten. Feeling Bryan's cock expand in my mouth - if that was even possible - wave after wave of toe-curling orgasms flooded over both of us at the same time. Swallowing and exploding simultaneously, I wasn't sure if I took a breath for well over a minute. When I did, it was barely in before another wave of hot cum filled my mouth before it splashed onto my face.

My mouth was still full of his cum when I turned around to find Bryan's lips. We French kissed deeply, our hot sweaty bodies melding together in an embrace as we shared the lingering hot satisfaction of a world-class orgasm. It was then we heard the sound of Jonathan and Stephan stroking off, sitting in the chairs opposite the bed.

But that's a story needs to wait until the next chapter...