 My thoughts on the gangbang this afternoon.

I thought I'd chosen wisely.

Jim was an experienced top, and well known on the gay, and bdsm scene.

I've been bi for years and I've met guys two or three times a year, when family commitments allow.

You know how it is on the Internet, you 'open up' to people far more readily than if it were face to face.

After many exchanged messages Jim and I met at his place in the country.

I was invited into a pleasant Victorian bungalow set in about 2 acres, surrounded by woodland. 

He offered me a tea or coffee, and as we drank our tea he gave me the grand tour, and it was his playroom that interested me most. 

It was a large rectangular room, mostly painted black, and soundproofed.

It was lit by a series of sombre red lights, and the floor was slate slabs.

There were benches, and tables, and slings, all with clasps, buckles, cuffs and chains.

Jim saw my incredulity and laughed. 

He explained that our meeting was just a 'getting to know you' session, and when he saw that I'd finished my tea he suggested I get undressed.

I knew from our messaging that he was into his bdsm, apart from being an assertive 'top.'

Once I was naked he took me to a leather topped bench, where he placed me face down, with wrist and ankle restraints, and a belt holding my waist flat against the bench. 

All of this was carried out with an air of routine. He'd done it many times before with many 'bottoms.'

With my limited ability to turn my head I heard him undressing, and eventually, he appeared in my field of vision.

He was an impressive man for 55 years of age. Muscular, toned, tattooed, and well hung.

He explained that this was not a bdsm session. There would be no pain, or implements used. He was simply going to fuck me.

As he spoke, my eyes stayed firmly on his cock, and it slowly grew. From hanging loosely between his legs, it became thick, and gradually raised itself to a 'straight out' position.

Just at that moment his mobile buzzed. I heard him tapping a reply, and chuckling, he explained that it was someone he partnered in bdsm scenarios. He was in the village and he'd invited him round. 

It was apparent I was to have two men to 'entertain.'

Jim obviously was going to start without him. I felt him smoothing some lube between the cheeks of my ass, and warning me to relax he pressed the head of his cock against my opening. He pushed, and slowly his cock slid inside, halfway at first, then all the way.

My groan broke the silence and he started to thrust. 

As he increased his rhythm, my moaning got louder. My ass was being stretched, and his thighs slapped against my buttocks.

Unknown to me, Jim's friend had arrived and was watching us out of my vision. 

Jim had got to the point of no return, and I was enjoying the 'fullness' inside me. 

When Jim started to 'cum,' I felt his cock swell, he jerked, and there was the warm sensation deep inside me. 

As he withdrew, my body relaxed onto the bench, but I was unprepared for the feeling of someone else sliding their cock inside me. I must have cried out, and it was plain that this guy was huge. 

Grunting, he gave my ass a pounding like I'd never had before, and when he came the joint combination of spunk inside me trickled down my thighs.

Jim released me, and all of us realised how much I'd enjoyed the double fuck. 

In that meeting my desire to be 'gangbanged' became rather obvious. 

He said that he would organise one, and asked me if I was sure that I wanted one, and I said that I was.

His house was an ideal venue. It was remote, he lived alone, and he had that well equipped 'playroom.'

And so with three weeks planning this afternoon arrived.

***

It started at 2pm, and it is now just after 4.30.

I'm still restrained to Jim's bench.

Im exhausted.

My body has given up responding. I have the familiar feeling of a guy cumming, yet again, inside me. He grunts, pushes himself deeper, and his cock is jerking. Thank god he's the last.

As he withdraws, more globules of semen ooze out of my ass, and fall to the floor.

My wrists and ankles are chafed by my struggle at the beginning of this afternoon, when things started to unfold in a way I hadn't expected.

My buttocks glow red from guys slapping me as they fucked my ass. 

Some guys had wanted it to be rougher than I was used to. One guy even wanted to squeeze my throat, pulling my head back by my hair.

My balls ache slightly having been 'milked' three times today. 

My mouth has that taste of spunk from being force fed from used condoms. Jim had collected the condoms squeezing them, in turn, into my mouth.

Jim had said that usually only four or five guys turn up.

I've lost count, but it certainly is more than a dozen.

I had panicked many times this afternoon. 

I panicked after a quarter of an hour, when the room seemed more full than just four or five guys, and the door kept opening for more. 

I was mentally prepared for the supposed half a dozen.

I panicked when the fourth guy seemed to have such a thick cock, it seemed he wanted to split me in half. I had screamed out until Jim shoved another used condom in my mouth.

Jim had said condoms only, and I panicked when after half an hour, I felt a guy cumming inside me without one. My blood ran cold when as he withdrew, the semen splashed onto my thighs. 

He was followed by another bareback guy, and this seemed to give far more permission for others to fuck me raw. I struggled, but my protests had been in vain, and anyway it had passed the point of no return.

One of the guys seemed nervous and came quickly, emptying into me and withdrawing quickly.

Some took their time, and lasted what seemed like ages, my buttocks shaking in rhythm to their thrusting.

Some came with a dribble.

Some came with huge loads that it was spilling from my ass, while they were still cumming.

Jim is now releasing the restraints and I'm shaking as I stand up.

Great dollops of semen are running out of my ass down the inside of my thighs.

All I want to do is to shower and get home.

My ass is raw, there is still spunk seeping out. I can't get rid of the taste in my mouth.

I know that the next few weeks will bring 'check-ups.'

I know Jim was taken by surprise, but I did ask for it!