 It's the first time.

We've known each other for a while, but not in the flesh. This is the first time. The first time we have seen each other.

We've talked for a long time, millions of words back and forth between us. Fears, likes, needs. We've talked about everything but this is the first time we will see each other. 

We've fucked a hundred times, maybe more. Fucked each other in words, in imaginings. But this is the first time we will touch each other.

It's taken a long time to get here, and maybe we should have left things the way they were. Ignored the flesh, the touch, and the sound. 

But hey, were only human. 

He comes into the restaurant and I know straight away it's him, no need for the book he's carrying as a sign. We've gone for old fashioned because in some ways that's how we are, fashioned in an older time. I have the same book sitting on the table in front of me, Gore Vidal's autobiography, 'Point to Point Navigation'. He doesn't pick me out quite so quickly, but the light is a bit dim inside after the brightness outside. 

I am immediately aware of him and nervous of him, we are both smiling and saying 'Hello is it you?', ' Hi.', 'Well.' Etc, all that, saying nothing - but everything about how we are nervous. 

I reach out wanting to shake hands, to touch him now. He reaches back and our fingers slide across each other before we grip, our palms locking, and we stay there hanging on, making an intimate connection in a public place. Fingers, palms, locked and squeezing and releasing, our eyes locked. For a while we are lost in that first touch. That first embrace. 

My body is electric, and I am sure his is even more so, he is more physical than me. More easily aroused and quicker to flame up. Quicker to burn with passion. I feel him shake a bit and then we release each other. As if by some mutual reading of each other we know that to hold each other longer will mean we have to step closer and join in a way that wouldn't be acceptable, here, in public. 

We order coffee, we have to order something, you can't sit and stare and mumble at each other without ordering something. We stare a lot or examine, though it's not necessary, its only confirmation. 

Confirmation of the truths, the slight exaggerations, the difference in perceptions. I am overcome by his long strong fingers, and I want to reach across the table and touch them, finger tip to finger tip contact, sending something running from my body through to his. 

'I've had a good trip, warm weather', 'Me too,' he says, 'yes, only 3 hours', me, ' Oh, two and a half. The freeways were clear today.' 

Neither of us has finished our coffee. But it's been long enough.

We leave the money on the table wanting to move on without interruption. We are in a private place now, just us, and we both know that the clock is ticking for us. 

My room has a nice view overlooking a park filled with thickly planted tall trees that sit below the window like a carpet of green clouds. I have walked beneath them earlier and the ground under them is mossy, or thick with leaves, cool and dim. Secret. A place of coolness.

Not like my room, where the heat between us is palpable, and I know just what he likes but have fallen into a tearing, kissing, embrace with him behind the closing door. We both pant with the heat of our lust. He's hard, I'm hardening, he's feeling, stroking me with his body, grinding it against me. Me, I'm feeling him with mine. 

Then he eases me off him, turns me and walks me into the room his hands on my hips. He's taken possession of me for the first time. 

I'm nervous. I'm far less experienced at this.

But we fall back into that contact as he begins to undress me and I realize I have to do the same and feel dumb for being so lost in my heat and the feel of him. 

I'm shirtless in a moment and he has his mouth running over my chest lapping at my nipples, making me close my eyes and stroke the rod I have released from his pants. He's thick and long. Then he is back at my mouth and I am losing concentration, caught between his tongue in my mouth and the feel of his cock in my fist. His body so close, his smell, which I have just caught a wave of as he lifts his naked arms and wraps them about my neck. I love his smell. I love the feel of his chest against mine, of his hair tangling with mine. 

His hands descend to strip off my pants and I remember to push his down, having to let go of his cock as I do. But then I'm going down to make love to it with my tongue and lips. I kiss it and run my tongue lightly along the veins and flick his cap, probing his slit and tasting him for the first time. 

Smelling him for the first time, tasting him and burying my nose in his curled hair, catching it in my teeth as I move my mouth to his balls. 

He has his hands on my head stroking it, gripping it, moving his hips to me and sighing. I swallow half his length and caress and suck it but he pulls me up, and I want what I know he want's.

I step back to the bed and lie back and lift my thighs and open them for him. That's what I want too, now, desperately; to feel him inside me. He strokes me and I arch moaning and almost coming from his touch and my heat and knowing that he's going to fuck me. He kneels and has his mouth at my rim and a hand on my cap running his thumb over it in circle and in a moment I've released my cream and cried out for him.

He moves his finger to my rim and has locked eyes with me, he's going to watch me I realise as he enters me for the first time. I stroke his arm with my hand as he pushes his finger into me and I close on it. He smiles and I say 'yes' and smile back, suddenly not nervous just wanting him inside me. 

He does all the right things, lubes me, I cover him in latex. Then he is over me dropping his mouth to mine kissing me deeply as he directs himself to my entrance, then looking down at me and him as he moves in. I watch his face now, seeing how he likes what he feels with his cock as he gets inside me. I moan and gasp as he fills me, discovering after the painful shock of him that I like his length and thickness. 

He tests where he is and does something and I am leaking and moaning and writhing on the bed gripping the bedspread and telling him, 'Yes, oh, there, oh, more, oh, yes, oh god, just right, oh yes, fuck me, oh god yes, fuck me'. 

He is leaning over me again and I reach around his neck and pull his face to mine, as I tug at myself, and he goes deeper inside me. I moan and roll my body in pleasure wanting to feel my skin caressed outside as well as I am being caressed inside. I wrap my calves about his hips and play with my nipples and his and tug my cock again. 

I am lost in the fucking I am getting now, we are both lost now. It's the first time we have lost ourselves with each other and he grunts and does two shuddering fucks into me and I know he's come. And I wish I could feel his hot cream filling me for the first time.

The clock is ticking and he reloads quickly and fucks me again, stroking me till I shoot off before pulling out and letting himself go. He comes over my belly. I wipe his cream into my hair and skin and his hand joins mine as he joins me on the bed and we cling close and for a few more moments kiss deeply, lost in each other's mouths. 

It's the first time we have lain together spent and satisfied. 

It was the first time.