 It has been some time I graduated from college. I was finally away from home after moving back for 6 months and am starting to get a feel for how things work. I was headed home a few weeks ago for a visit and figured I might as well have some fun while I was there. I thought and thought about who was around that I still knew. There was one man that popped into my mind. See, in recent years, I have explored my role as a submissive to a number of men. I had a couple of close relationships with them, but there was one in particular.

It hadn't always been this way. I used to be a good, Christian kid who went to church, loved the simple things, and of course loved women. Over time I realized I also really loved being with other guys. It was a different type of feeling, and that wasn't even until my first year in college. But, over time I experimented and became more and more attached to the BDSM aspects of the gay community. I really enjoy serving other men and pleasing them. And that brings me to my guy.

He was an older Dom. One of the first to show me the ropes and get me used to the whole idea. He is 55 years old, stands at 6'3", and weighs at least 220lbs of solid muscle. Being a 23 year old who stands at 6'2, but only weighs 170lbs makes me a perfect mat h for him. I texted him to let him know I would be down for the weekend. His only response was, "I can't wait to get to your hole again." I got butterflies. Something about him made it impossible for me to hesitate or resist. It had always been that way. 

The day came and I drove to his house. I let him know when I was down the street. I walked up the door. It was open. I walked through his house and greeted him as he brought in a load of laundry. He asked me a few questions about how life was and then told me to follow him to his bedroom.

On the bed was a pair of leg and arm restraints, a harness, collar and leash, bar to keep my feet separated, a jockstrap, and some poppers. It wasn't anything new. I knew what was expected of me. He grinned.

I walked over, put my things down and stripped. I turned towards him as I bent down to take my underwear off. I walked over to the bed and put the jockstrap on. "Sit." I immediately sat at the edge of the bed. He reached behind me and grabbed the poppers. "Are you ready for this?", he said more telling me we were going to start than anything. He opened the bottle of poppers and held them to my nose. I inhaled. Everything started to feel good. It pulsed through every part of my body. My lust grew. He could see it in my eyes. Another grin. 

As I started to slip away into a more animalistic state, he pushed me onto my back. With my legs in the air, he grabbed the leg restraints. He put on one and flashed me a slightly evil grin.

"You like that don't you?" 

"Yes, Sir."

"Of Course you do."

He put the other restraint on my leg and lay my legs on either side of him. He leaned forward and grabbed my wrist. He secured those as well. 

"You sure this is what you want."

"It's all I want, Sir. Please use me."

He reached for the collar and fastened it around my neck. He moved up and gave my face a hard slap with his huge eight inch cock. He grabbed the poppers again and told me to take another hit. I obeyed. As I slowly faded into a euphoric haze, he grabbed the first toy. He spent a minute eating my hole out before he slipped it all the way in. 

"Good boy. Are you gonna open up that hole for Daddy today? I know you will."

He flipped me onto my back and lay on top of me. He started to whisper in my ear.

"I'm gonna use your hole really good today. I want you to open up that pussy for me, okay? I'm gonna make you feel so good."

He pulled that toy out of my ass only to replace it with a much bigger toy. He started turning it which made me go crazy. I couldn't get enough of it in my. I squirmed back onto the toy. This really pleased Sir and he started to fuck me really hard. He kept asking me if I really wanted it and made me beg for it in my ass.

"Tell me you want it."

"I want it, Sir."

"Tell me what you want, slut."

"I want your load deep in me and I want you to use me for your pleasure."

He got down in my ear again.

"Of course you do. This is what you are made for. You are the perfect pussyboi and are going to do whatever I tell you. I'm so glad I found you. I'm going to make you mine."

He started to use his hands. After he used a couple of fingers to get me open, he started to add another finger. He told me to hit the poppers again. I could feel my hold stretching. He kept turning his fingers and leaving my hold wide open when he would pull out. Then, I felt another finger start to enter. The pain started to well up inside of me. I started to inch forward. He pushed down on my back and told me not to run away from him. He gave me a hard slap on the ass. I stayed as still as possible. I could feel his knuckles in my hole, trying to get inside with all his might. I felt a sudden relax and there wasn't anymore pushing. I looked back. and I could see him smiling as he began to pump slowing inside me with his whole fist. He turned his hand. It was so intense I thought I was gonna cum, but I could only begin to push slowly on his wrist. He stayed there for about five minutes, just turning my once perfect hole into a sloppy pussy for him to fuck. "Good boy. You have stretched out so much for Daddy." He pulled his hand out and put a plug in my hole. He stood right above me as I lay, still in my haze, right between his legs. I worshiped him as he jacked off from above. He started to cum and it landed right on my face and in my mouth. He sat on my chest as I cleaned him off. 

He kneeled above me for quite some time. I just looked into his eyes, still lusting to have his cock inside me, still wanted more. I was in heaven. He just kneeled and admired my used body as I stroked his cock and felt the plug in my hole. After a couple minutes, he flipped my legs up and poured some lube straight into my hole. He put his cock up to my pussy. The head popped in easily and felt amazing again. I needed him in me. I needed his seed in me. 

He began to fuck me as he put his hands around my throat. He choked me as he fucked me and reminded me what I was there for. He spit on my face and slapped me hard as he drilled my hole. "You belong to me now." I can only remember those words ringing in my head as he used my hole. "You are my pussyboi. You got it?" The rest was ecstasy. He sped up and came hard inside my willing hole. He held himself inside of me as he leaned down to kiss me. As he slipped out, he kissed my neck and ran his hands over my body. He made his way to my chest and began to suck. It felt so good, and I didn't even care what it looked like. I didn't care if people knew I belonged to him. I wanted people to know. "I couldn't let you leave without leaving my mark on you." "Thank You," is all that could escape from my mouth.

He said it was shower time, so he let me out of my restraints and he led me to the bathroom. While the shower was warming, I got to my knees and worshipped his body, every inch of it. He put his cock to my mouth and held it there for a second. He told me to get to my knees and in the shower. Once inside he made me get to my knees again. He stuck his cock straight into my mouth and went to town. I could barely breathe when he grabbed me by the throat and made me look at him. A giant wad of spit it my face followed by a hard slap. "Open your mouth." I did. He did my tongue and face with his cock a few more times and held it there as I looked up into his eyes. "You know you want it." I swallowed his cock again. 

He let me suck him off for a couple of minutes before he pulled me off his cock by my hair and pulled my head back. He started to jack off with the other hand. "You want this load." "Yes, Sir. Please cum on my face." He exploded all over my face and down my throat. I felt complete. He brought me to my feet and handed me the soap. I put it on my hands and washed his entire body. He made me kiss his feet. I didn't even think twice. I knew what I needed. He knew what I needed. I wasn't going to fool anyone, not even myself. 

We turned off the shower and got out. I dried his body and he dried mine. He fingered my hole as he passionately kissed me.

"I'm gonna miss this ass. I'm glad I made it mine. Do you have anyone to use your ass back home?" 

"No, I don't."

"Well, that' a shame. Maybe I'll have to find someone for you. You might as well serve your purpose while you are away."

He told me he needed to go to bed. I got dressed and got my things. He walked me to the door. Before he opened it, he stopped me. He kissed me and slipped his hand down my pants and rested his fingers on my holed again. 

"Thanks for coming by. I can't wait to see you next time. I'll use that hole anytime."

He opened the door and slapped my butt one last time as I walked out. It was by far the best time I had had and I felt like there was something right. Like, I was meant for him. He is going to be finding someone else to use my pussy in the meantime, so I know this won't be the last time. I think this part of me is here to stay.