 I never thought it would happen like this. I might have wished for it, maybe without even knowing. But life sometimes has a way of granting us desires we never even knew we had, and things sometimes have a tendency to work out for the best.

Things certainly didn't look too good that afternoon. I had walked into my flat finding all of Gemma's things gone, and a good-bye note on the table. She said she was sorry, but she just couldn't handle me being bisexual. She thought she was more open-minded than that, but just thinking that she could lose me to a guy as well as a girl made it too much for her.

Well I never tried to hide it from her, that was for sure. I immediately knew that I could trust her with it, and I was right. She even liked it a bit; she found it delightfully... sexy and mysterious. But it wasn't long before she realised that I was actually attracted to men as well as women, and it seemed that made her think she ran a double risk of being cheated on.

That was too bad as well. She hadn't bothered to know me better, to realise that when I was in a relationship, I was in it all the way. And that meant no cheating on my partner, male or female. And also, that I was actually trying to find my better half, a person I could be with for real, a serious relationship this time. And that she was what I considered a prime candidate for that. But she probably couldn't be arsed to look deeper into me.

Besides, it wasn't as though my experiences with blokes had been that numerous, or that I was that much of a male slag to just sleep with the first bloke that caught my fancy. A few flings at Uni, and a couple of shags afterward, was the extent of my homosexual adventures.

Oh well. Too bad.

I did feel a little resentment about the whole thing. A bit of regret as well. I said so to Siobhan when she came to visit. Siobhan was one of the first people I'd met when I moved to Glasgow, and she and her girlfriend, Janet had quickly become part best friends, part confidantes of mine. Young, funny, bubbly, exciting and considerate the both of them, they were always there for me.

"I just can't help wondering if I shouldn't have told her. I mean, maybe if I had kept mum about me being bi, we'd still be together. Maybe she was it, you know?" I told her over a glass of Chardonnay.

"Well, maybe," she retorted, "but think about it: would you really like to be in a serious relationship with someone that you couldn't be yourself around?"

That was a good point. And Siobhan was the living proof by being with Janet despite a disapproving family and a disapproving ex-husband.

To tell the truth, when I looked into myself I could almost feel relieved this had happened. Like I could be more myself than what I'd been during the last three months. Over the next two weeks I found myself actively checking out blokes in the street, something I hadn't done since Uni. I'd even stolen a couple of snogs during a few nights out in the town. But what I couldn't shake off was a feeling of being incomplete, unsatisfied. Not from the kind of satisfaction a night of good sex gives you, either. I felt that something was really missing from my life. And I knew it wasn't being with Gemma.

So when my boss told me the news that Monday morning, that distinct click echoed in my mind.

"Alex, I'd like you to meet Brian Alder. He'll be working with us at PR from now on."

Brian Alder was a man in his late twenties, probably my age exactly. He was a bit taller than me, and he had dark, short hair and blue eyes. He also was breathtaking. I tried to keep my composure and appear polite and friendly as we shook hands. He had a firm hand, and I could see that his figure was quite athletic under his dark blue suit. I hope he hadn't noticed that I was practically staring by now, but the truth was that I was dumbstruck. I hadn't been that impressed by a guy since Uni when I'd met my first boyfriend at the gym.

Fortunately, the boss broke the silence. "Well, Brian, Alex will fill you in on everything around here. I'll leave you lads to work things out, I'm sure you have a lot to talk about."

Well that was an understatement. I sincerely hoped we had a lot to talk about. I managed to steady myself and spend the rest of the day briefing Brian about the office and our department, hoping none of my fascination showed through. After all, as fit as he was, I had no guarantee where his preferences were, plus I couldn't risk being outed in the office, since I was mostly in the closet. And of course, there was that little thing about not shagging the office...

Almost a month had passed without incident, and me and Brian had barely exchanged words that did not pertain to business. That did not stop Siobhan from constantly teasing me about him, of course. Thank God she never did it during one of her visits to the office.

Then, during coffee break of a particularly boring day, Brian came up to me. "Hey, Alex. You know, we've been working together for a month now, but we've never really spoken or anything. I think that's a shame, don't you?"

Now that was a chat-up line if I'd ever heard one, but that might only be me and my wishful thinking.

"No, I guess not," I replied. "Last few weeks have been pretty hectic too," I added, rather weakly.

"Yeah," he said. "Well anyway, I was thinking maybe you could show me round a couple of pubs on Friday night? It's been a while since I enjoyed a pint."

My heart fluttered in my chest, and I was convinced it was the most obvious thing in the world at that moment.

"Um, sure," I said hastily, "there are loads of good places around town. I'm sure we can find a couple of decent spots."

"It's a date then," he said, and laughed. I added some nervous laughter of my own. Thankfully, there hadn't been anyone else in the room.

Siobhan and Janet were thrilled when they heard I had a date with Brian. 

"It's not a date," I told them a bit flustered. "I don't even know if he fancies blokes. We're just going out for a pint."

"Yeah, right," laughed Janet. "This time tomorrow night, you'll be rolling on the bed sheets with the hunk of the office! Lucky you!"

They both laughed and I tried to look apprehending. I guess I didn't do a very good job of concealing the fact that I absolutely hoped they were right.

Come Friday night, I was nervous as hell. But I did look pretty good, if I didn't say so myself. My short dark hair was always neat without me having to spend too much time on them, and I always went around clean-shaven anyway. I'd chosen a pair of tight boot-cut jeans from my favourites, which Siobhan always said highlighted my cute bum, and a cyan T-shirt that flattered my toned form and showed off my arms. As far as looks went, all my boyfriends and girlfriends placed me in the "extra cute" category anyway, so that was one worry less.

Brian looked even more stunning than that first day in the office, if that was possible. He wore a pair of khaki slacks that accentuated his slim figure, and his navy blue T-shirt showed off his chiselled pecks and wide shoulders. I ached to tell him he looked hot, but I suppressed it with some difficulty as we hit town.

The night for the most part went pretty smoothly. We hit a couple of pubs, downing pints and talking about ourselves. He told me he was from Manchester, and he had stayed there all his life; felt it was time for a change, so he headed north to start anew. Unsurprisingly, he had been in the water-polo team of his University, and he also cycled a lot. His bum and legs certainly were a testament to that, but I didn't say that out loud. He liked going to the movies, he read a lot, and he liked to have good night out as well. He was very happy to learn we had a lot in common that way. As for me, I ached to touch him, to unzip his pants and show him my appreciation for him in a different way. As I thought that, my cock started hardening, and I tried to divert attention from that by ordering another round of beers.

We exited the last pub laughing, and we walked towards his car.

"Come on, I'll give you a ride home," he said.

"Oh, you don't have to, really," I said. I thought briefly of how much I actually wanted to get in his car with him, and my cock stirred again. "I'll just walk, it's not that far."

"Come on, I insist," he replied, smiling. "Why walk when you can choose the lazy way?"

I didn't really need any more convincing, so I got in. Ten minutes of steady driving and soft blues music, we were in front of my door.

"I had a great time tonight," he said.

I started at that. Had the tone of his voice changed a little? "Me too," I replied. "We should do it again soon." 

"Mind if I walk you to the door?" he asked, looking at me. I was sure he hadn't looked at me that way all night, and my heart jumped.

"Not at all," I smiled back, hoping I didn't sound too out of breath.

Once outside my door, I offered my hand and started saying good night. As he took my hand, he came in close. Too close. He looked down on me for a moment, and then wrapping his arms around my waist, leaned in and planted a soft kiss on my lips.

I couldn't believe what was happening. My heart was beating frantically in my chest, and I could hardly breathe. Getting a grip, I made sure to kiss him back, wrapping one arm around his neck, the other softly stroking his chest muscles.

We broke off slowly, and he looked into my eyes. I was losing myself in those blue eyes of his, and my head was swimming.

"Oh my God, that was wonderful," I breathed.

"I could tell you were a good kisser," he smiled at me. "I could tell from your eyes."

I smiled back, not letting go. "Do you want to come upstairs? I can show at what other things I'm good, as well."

He kissed me again, this time more gently, but firmly. "Not tonight," he said, smiling the sweetest smile I had ever seen. My cock was throbbing in my pants, and I could feel his own hardness through his pants. "We have an early morning tomorrow, remember?"

Then he kissed me one last time, holding me tight, and I was going crazy, I wanted to drag him with me all the way to the bed, that's how hot he had got me. Then he turned away and walked to his car. He said "good night", smiling that beautiful smile of his, before driving away.

I leaned on the door as I exhaled loudly, after he had gone. What had happened? Was it true, or was the whole thing a fantasy of mine? No, it was true all right. I could still taste him, still smell his after shave. My cock was still rock hard and aching to be set free. I went upstairs, thinking.

This had never happened to me before. At least, never with a guy. Every bloke I had met and fancied, we'd gone to bed that same night. I'd had hot, steamy sex with every one of them, but none of them had been this sweet, or this... gentlemanly. My head was swimming, and I couldn't get that smile out of my mind. I was so hot, I couldn't handle it. I stripped immediately and went to bed, where I wanked myself to sleep, thinking of that smile, and that bulge in his crotch, and the taste of his kiss.

Over the next few days, it was as if nothing had happened... with the exception of one morning when Brian met me in the break room and we snogged for almost ten minutes. Outside the office, however, we were officially dating. We went everywhere: pubs, concerts, movies, the works. Brian spoiled me like there was no tomorrow, and he was sweet, gentle and caring. But we still hadn't shagged.

"Why is nothing happening?" I asked, exasperated, one evening. Siobhan and Janet were just looking at me. "We even spent two hours on my sofa making out yesterday. But he won't let me get anywhere near his zipper. It's driving me crazy!"

Siobhan shushed me with a swift move of her hand. "Listen to you, you big slapper! Here is someone so sweet, caring, and dreamy, the type we all dream of all the bloody time, and here you are, wondering why he hasn't shagged you yet! Isn't it obvious, Alex? He likes you, he really and genuinely likes you."

I guess I can't say I was shocked by that. But it was only now sinking in. Brian really liked me. Enough not to want to shag my brains out on the first night. He wanted more. He wanted a future. Could that be it? Could Brian be what I dreamed of all my life?

"And trust me," Janet added, "when you two do get together, it's probably going to be nothing like you've experienced before." Siobhan smiled at that, and planted a soft kiss on her girlfriend's lips.

That Saturday the girls suggested we all go clubbing together. After a few early drinks, we checked a pretty fashionable place in the city centre, not a gay club, but with so many people packed in there, it didn't really matter anyway.

The night was amazing. We all danced till our feet couldn't hold us anymore. Brian suddenly took my hand and yanked me to a nearby couch. I landed almost on top of him as we found ourselves next to a giggling company of girls. Almost immediately, me and Brian started making out, and I could hear the girls' surprised comments. Most of them just joked about how all the fit blokes were just doing each other (and I took great pride to hear my new boyfriend being described as a fit bloke by those girls), and one of them commented that that was the hottest thing she had ever seen. We kept on making out till Siobhan and Janet came over to pick us up.

The girls drove us to my place and dropped us off. Throughout the trip we were sitting in the back seat, Brian holding me in his arms. I was softly stroking his chest, and for a moment, I thought it didn't get better than this. Brian would prove me wrong that night, though.

As soon as we were inside the apartment, Brian grabbed me by my waist and drew me close. We just looked into each other's eyes for a moment before he gave me the longest, wettest, most passionate kiss he had ever given me. His hands softly caressed my lower back, and slowly worked their way to my ass. I felt his tremendous erection grind against mine as we became lost to our kiss.

Brian broke off for a moment and looked into my eyes again. "I want you Alex," he whispered. "I want your body, right now, right here!"

"You could've had it from the start, you dummy," I whispered back. "I'm crazy about you... you know that!"

"I wanted to make sure you really wanted me, baby... not just for sex!"

"Well, you can be sure I want you around for much more than just a shag, lover!" I smiled at him, and kissing him, drew him into my bedroom.

I couldn't even wait to unbutton his shirt. He had already stripped me of my T-shirt, and he gently picked me up and laid me on the bed. There, he went on to kiss my neck, my pecks, my chest, lingering on my hard nipples, sucking them, and biting them lightly. I clasped my hands on his head, running my fingers through his hair, moaning that I wanted him so much. He stopped briefly to remove my pants, and I relieved him of his own, and his shirt. It was the first time I saw Brian wearing so little. His body was as breathtaking as his face. He was smooth and well-toned, his abs and pecks perfectly chiselled, while his tight black boxers weren't doing a good job of hiding his massive bulge. I knew I desperately wanted to taste him, and I told him so. He lay down and I started kissing and running my tongue over his chest, taking particular care of his dark pink, hard nipples, playing them with my fingers, then kissing and sucking each one. Brian was moaning and writhing beneath me, which made me even hornier, even hotter for him. Reaching his crotch, my fingers started caressing his hard bulge, feeling his erect cock over the cloth, outlining it with my hands, before planting a series of kisses on it. I looked at Brian with mischievous eyes and he smiled down at me. 

"It's all for you, baby," he breathed. "Every inch for you, my sweet lover boy."

I didn't need any more convincing. I lowered his boxers and threw them away, and paused to marvel at my new toy: It was beautiful, as beautiful as its owner. About 8" long, thick, and straight, resting on a pair of smooth balls, with just a strip of dark fluff above its shaft. I licked my lips, and plunged, planting soft kisses along the shaft, feeling the veins, smelling the skin. Reaching the pink head, I gave it some well-timed licks that seemed to send him to heaven. I smiled. Even though I was a pretty good shag by most of my partners' standards, blowjobs were where I excelled. After all, you tend to be pretty good at things you enjoy doing immensely. And I adored eating cock.

"I'll give you the blowjob of your life, baby," I whispered to him, taking care to aim my hot breath on his hard shaft. I looked at him for a moment, rubbing my face against his pole, loving the effect of what was doing on his face. 

Without any further ado, I wrapped my lips around his hot pink head, and licked it all over. Then I proceeded to bury his length between my lips, managing most of it before I felt I could get no more in. Then I started bobbing my head up and down, slowly and softly at first, licking away as I went. Then harder, as I wrapped my hand around the base and started wanking him off as I sucked. His moans of approval and pleasure only made me suck faster and harder. Then I felt his hand gripping my hair and his waist buck harder as he began to fuck my face like mad.

"Oh yeah, baby," he moaned. "Suck that cock, yeah. You're so good, my little cocksucker. My little cocksucking bitch."

I enjoyed his words almost as much as the blowjob itself, so much that I almost came myself. I sucked away like there was no tomorrow, bent over him on the bed like a cheap hooker in a hotel room. The analogy had just come to me, but I loved it. After a while, I felt him rock harder, and as I pumped and sucked harder, I felt him tense and then the first spurt of his hot cum hit the back of my throat. I gulped it down and sucked on the rest of his massive spurts greedily as he moaned in ecstasy.

After he had finished, I climbed on top of him, planting kisses all over his body, until I reached his lips. I let him taste his cum from my mouth as caressed my body with his strong hands. After a while, he worked his way to my own hard cock, still waiting to be satisfied. He wanked me gently for a while, looking into my eyes. I was in heaven.

I reversed my position on top of him, and we came face to face with each other's cock. He sucked mine greedily and passionately, as I licked and sucked his own back to life. We 69ed like this for a while, and then I felt him massaging my ass cheeks, kneading them before slowly parting them to reveal my tight hole. Nobody had seen or played with my hole since the last time Steve had fucked me in the university gym. So when I felt him explore my nether region I moaned with pleasure, and begged him to go on.

He reached out and run a finger over my sensitive skin, circling my asshole till he centered and pushed. A finger penetrated my little hole, sending charges throughout my body. I kept on sucking on his cock, fully erect again, its tip gleaming with pre-cum.

He finger-fucked me for a while, before feeling my hole had relaxed enough to slide a second finger in. I was in ecstasy; I had even forgotten about his cock and was wanking it absently. I loved this new feeling, my lover exploring my most intimate area for the first time. Brian withdrew his fingers, and started licking around my hole, then plunging his tongue in me, fucking me like that for a few moments. I couldn't take any more of this.

"Fuck me please, baby, fuck your little bitch. I want to feel your hard cock in my pussy, please, baby, fuck me," I cried, not even conscious of what I was saying any more.

He climbed out from under me, and made me lift my ass in the air, lying on all fours. I felt wonderful, so exposed like that, I felt I belonged to him, and he had the sole right to do what he liked with me. I adored that feeling.
