 I'd just turned twenty one and was exercising my new right to drink in a bar. I met this guy there. Frazer was an average looking guy. Probably late twenties. I thought he was just being friendly at first, so I was just being friendly back. We talked about sports, then women, then oddly, sex. 

We drank for quite a while. During the course of the evening I noticed that Frazer would occasionally bump his knees against mine. I thought nothing of it, since the bar was getting crowded. 

When the noise level went up and it got harder to hear each other, Frazer would lean close to me to talk, putting his arm around me and his hand on my opposite hip when he did. 

By now I'd kinda caught on to his game, but I'd always been a little bi curious, so I let him keep doing it. 

Then Frazer got a little bolder and put his hand on my thigh and edge his hand closer to my cock, which incidentally was starting to get harder. 

I got the hint so I put my hand on his thigh.

That's when he invited me to go back to his place. I had no illusions about Frazer's intention when I said, "Ok." 

When I got to his place, I was shaking like crazy from both fear of the unknown and the anticipation of what I was about to do with another guy. 

We went into his living room and Frazer asked, "Do you want a drink?"

And I said, "Sure." 

I thought he was going to get me a beer or something, so you can imagine my surprise when instead, Frazer unzipped his jeans and took out his cock. 

I couldn't believe how big it was and it wasn't even hard, yet. 

As I stared at it, I knew I was going to go through with this hookup, so I went down on my knees in front of him, his cock hot in hands. Moving my face forward, I slipped the reddish/purple head of his flaccid cock between my lips and ran my tongue all around it in my mouth. When I heard Frazer moan, "Uuuuuuuuuum," I looked up at him. As our eyes met. I tightened my lips around the shaft and started sucking.

I'd always imagined sucking a guy's hard cock. I never thought I'd be sucking a guy's cock when it was flaccid. But I soon loved how it started to get hard. The sensation of being on my knees and feeling his soft cock inside my mouth growing and stretching my mouth to accommodate him thrills me beyond belief. And it did get big. Really big. I'd say it was probably 8 inches and pretty thick. 

I tried to deep throat it, but I couldn't take it all the way. Frazer had to grab my head and pull me in order for me to do it.

After a while, Frazer took off his clothes and had me take off mine. 

I found it distasteful when he tried to kiss me but I let him anyway. 

By now my cock was hard and pressed up against his. 

Frazer lowered his head and started to suck on my nipples and then moved on down my cock. But he didn't really suck it for that long. 

Taking his mouth off, Frazer turned me around, bent me forward a little, and started rimming my ass out. A totally new, but exciting experience for me.

After a while, Frazer took me to his bedroom where he pushed me down on his bed. .Then without any other warning, he flipped me over and propped me up into a doggy style position. I protested when he started to put it in my ass. He didn't use any lube, just used his saliva. My legs were shaking from nervousness. I was afraid it would hurt too much but I was also worried that I wouldn't be able to take it at all. When I felt him grip his hand on my hips, I took a deep breath and braced myself for what I knew was coming next. 

Then I chickened out and before Frazer realized what I was doing I turned around and started sucking his cock to buy myself some more time. After a few minutes, he flipped me back over again and told me it was time. Then he grabbed my hair and pulled it so hard that I almost screamed while he used his other hand to spread my butt cheeks. He then guided his cock into my ass. I cried out in pain, moan a little, then cried out in pain and moaned again, until he was able to get it all in. The motion that put the head in, it hurt so badly that I was gritting my teeth and had my fists clench in the sheets in pain. 

Once the head was past my sphincter, Frazer gave a hard push and drove it in all the way to his balls. It hurt so badly that I thought he was going to split me in half. 

Frazer fucked my ass quite a while, in several different positions. 

When I was lying on my back with my ankles on his shoulders, he made me cum. When I went off it was such a powerful orgasm that my cum spurting all over my face, neck, chest and stomach. 

Then, Frazer pulled his cock out of my ass and cummed all over my face. I kept my mouth open, but I don't think any went in my mouth. It went all over my hair, eyes, nose, and cheeks. 

As he was winding down Frazer put his cock in my mouth, so I did taste at least get a little taste of his cum. 

I'd never felt so great after having sex in my life. I tried to walk to the bathroom to wash off all the cum but my legs were like jelly. I just laid there with him, and rubbed all the cum on my chest while we talked and much to my sorrow, kissed some more. 

I put my head on his chest and laid one of my legs over him and we fell asleep like that. 

I woke maybe an hour later to use the bathroom. Afterwards I tried to fall asleep with him again, but I couldn't. When I laid my head on his belly his cock was only inches from my face. Suddenly I wanted...no needed it in my mouth again.

Moving my mouth closer, I took his flaccid cum crusted cock into my mouth. I softly sucked him off for about an 30 minutes until he cummed in my mouth and I swallowed. 

We hooked up together once or twice a week for the next couple of months until Frazer moved away.