 There's a local magazine store that I frequent every Sunday morning to pick up a New York Times. It's a large, double room store that's run by a Mid-Eastern family, a father and three adult sons. I'm not sure where they are originally from but they all are typically Arab in appearance, slim with olive skin and black hair, two of them tall and the youngest smaller and wider built. 

I confess, checking them all out on a weekly basis is an added bonus to frequenting the store and they've all caught me more than once scoping out their crotches or asses. It's not like I'm subtle.

Anyway, one morning I made my usual appearance. During the slack morning hours, the sons spend the time restocking while the father mans the counter. I was in the back room, perusing the magazines where the oldest son was stocking new titty magazines. 

I wasn't interested in looking at the magazines but I was interested in looking at the son! Every once in the while during his stocking, he'd stop and flip through one of the magazines and I could see from the hard mass snaking down his pant leg that he was getting turned on. He glanced up a couple of times and caught me staring at his crotch, so finally I just smiled and shrugged. He reached down and stroked the lump in his pant leg while watching me and I licked my lips.

He walked over to his brother, who was working on the other side of the room and said something in their native language and the brother looked over at me. 

"Oh shit," I thought, "I'm in trouble!" 

But the brother smiled, too, and the first brother walked over to an alcove in the corner. He opened the door, pointed at me and then pointed through the open door before disappearing inside. I glanced at the other brother, who was still grinning, thought "What the hell!?" and crossed to the doorway. Inside, there was a stairway going down with a light at the bottom. I started down the stairs.

I was only halfway down before I could see that the light was coming from another open doorway. Inside on the left was a toilet and standing in front of the toilet, I could see the Arab guy, his pants around his ankles and his big hard cock in his hand. I came all the way down and he stood facing me and bounced his dick on the palm of his hand. I went over, sat on the toilet lid and he turned to face me.

His cock hovered in front of my face, around 8 inches of hot dark meat with a big hairy ball sac and a curly black bush. I wrapped my hand around his balls and pulled down so his cock jutted straight out and I could see a tear of pre-cum in his piss slit. He poked his hips forward and I licked up the clear drop of fluid, then opened my lips and slowly sucked in his hard meat as he pulled his shirt up and ran a hand over his hairy belly. He let out a long sigh when his cock head hit the back of my throat and I rested my nose in his bush, inhaling the scent of hot cock before I slipped my tongue out and licked his hairy balls. He shivered, and I backed his cock out so that just the head was in my mouth, then swirled my tongue around it and into his piss hole. Pre-cum was running out of his slit and I savored the salty, spicy flavor. 

He pushed his cock back deep in my throat, then started fucking my mouth with slow strokes. I grabbed the base of his cock and tightened around it, making it even harder and guided it in and out of my lips. I was loving the feel of his smooth cock sliding over my lips and he reached down and grabbed my shoulders to help him thrust. I glanced up and he had his eyes closed, a look of sheer pleasure on his face. 

I stopped his hips from thrusting and slid my mouth off of his cock, then buried my face in his bush to one side and slowly ran my mouth up the side of his dick, tonguing the tight flesh while I did. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw movement and when I glanced over, I saw the second brother standing in the doorway watching us and rubbing the mound in the crotch of his jeans.

Never a shy one and turned on by the brother watching, I stuck my tongue out so he could watch me lick the tip of his brother's cock, then slammed my head down so the full length was buried in my throat. The older brother let out a grunt, then moaned as I started bobbing up and down on his hard cock, letting it hit the back of my throat each time before sliding up and sucking on the leaking head. I was holding onto his hips and I could feel his muscles tensing and his breathing speeding up as my hot mouth serviced his meat. He said something, then I felt his cock swell and buck and I sucked in the full length just as a river of hot cum shot out of his dick head. I gulped down all of his spicy cum, closing my eyes and running my tight lips up the length of his cock to wring out every drop.

When I opened my eyes, I became aware that the other brother was standing beside us, his hard cock poking out of his fly and his balls hanging free. I reached over and grasped his hard dick and gave it a few jacking strokes and he said something to his older brother who hauled his softening cock out of my mouth, pulled his pants up, tucked his cock out of sight and wedged around his brother and up the stairs.

The second brother now stood in front of me, cock standing straight up. I undid his pants and they fell to the floor and I inspected the second brother's cock. It was full as long as his older brother's, thinner but with a big plum shaped head, just as dark colored and with balls that were almost hairless. His pubes were clipped short so that a lot more dick and balls showed. Whereas his brother's big balls were in a long loose sac, his balls sac was tight and his even bigger nuts nestled right under his jutting cock. I licked his sac, then took one of his big balls in my mouth but he pulled beck, said something impatiently and grasped his cock and, using it like a club he slapped it several times against my face before shoving it into my waiting mouth. He then stood there, hands on his hips, waiting to be serviced.

Okay by me! I sucked down the length of his dick and let it rest in my throat. I knew he was watching so I slowly raised my head, letting him see my mouth ride up the length of his dick, then slammed my head down to engulf the full throbbing meat as I had done with his brother. He let out a hissing noise and bucked his hips forward, trying to lodge his dick even deeper into my throat. I reached around and grabbed a hairy ass cheek in each of my hands and started bobbing my head on his cock, using my grip on his ass to swing his hips forward each time I swallowed his meat. 

He leant back, resting his shoulders against the wall so that his fat cock pointed up and away from his body and so that I had total access to every juicy inch. He was staring down at me and I looked into his eyes while my mouth rode and sucked his cock and in only a minute or two he started looking anxious and I could feel his muscled ass cheeks flexing in time to my slurping mouth fucking his cock. He was staring into my eyes when, without warning, I felt a huge wad of cum flood my mouth. I swallowed down his man juice, never slowing down my suctioning lips and felt two more jets of cum hit the back of my throat. 

He reached down and pressed his palm against my forehead so that his cock head and an inch or two of dick remained in my mouth and I sucked and licked his piss hole to wring out every drop. His cock was softening in my mouth when I suddenly heard the door at the top of the stairs open and someone tromp loudly down the steps. When he reached the bottom, the youngest of the brothers leant forward with a hand on each side of the doorjamb and launched into an angry diatribe at his brother. His brother, with my mouth still suctioning the last few drops out of his cock head, replied just as angrily. He yanked his dick out of my mouth, bent over and pulled his pants up around his hips and stormed past and upstairs. 

The youngest brother watched while I licked my lips and used one finger to sluice some of his brother's juice off of my chin and into my mouth, then started stroking his cock through the fabric of his pants. I stroked my own cock, pulling the fabric tight so that he could see the outline of my hard on. He stepped forward and like his brothers, unfastened his pants and let them fall so that his hard cock was in front of my face. Just as he was shorter and thicker than his brothers, so was his cock. At around 6 inches long, it was so thick that I could barely get my fist around it. He had a big set of balls in a tight sac like the second brother but his crotch and what I could see of the rest of his body were almost hairless. I opened my mouth wide and swallowed his fat meat to the hilt. 

He grabbed my head and, using my ears as handles, started fucking my mouth. His cock was rock hard and I could feel the corona of the thick head graze the roof of my mouth each time he thrust into me. His cock was the perfect size for sucking, the head hitting the back of my throat when buried full length, without making me gag. Youngest brother was slamming my face hard with each thrust and in hopes of slowing him down, I slid my hand up between his legs and then between his ass cheeks till I felt his ass hole. He did slow down as I fingered him, wiggling my fingertip in the center of the tight puckered opening. He wasn't sure which felt best, poking his dick balls deep into my mouth, then thrusting his ass back against my exploring finger. 

I pulled my hand out of his ass crack and stuck my finger into my mouth beside his cock, making sure to get it nice and wet before reaching up into his crack again. This time, when my finger met his pucker, because it was slick with my spit it sank into his virgin hole. I wiggled my finger back and forth inside him and his breathing sped up as his hips pistoned his cock in and out of my mouth. I knew that he was close to cumming, so that finally when his cock was buried as deep as possible in my mouth, I slid my finger all the way into his hole and tickled his prostate. His hole clamped around my finger as his cock swelled in my mouth and fired a hard shot of jizz down my throat. His cum was sweeter than either of his brothers, with none of the spiciness in the flavor. With my other hand, I clamped my fingers around the base of his cock and cleaned off the cummy head while slowly extracting my finger from his spasming asshole . He watched while I licked up every last drop of cum from his dick and balls, then reached down to release my hand from the base of his dick.

Hoisting up his pants and tucking away his dick, he said, "You stay," and started toward the steps. At the bottom, he turned and raised his palm in the universal "stay" gesture, again said "stay" and ascended the stairs. I'd sucked off three hard cocks in less than an hour, a new record for me, so I was pretty hard myself. I stood up, undid my pants and let them drop to the floor and was playing with my hard dick when I became of TWO sets of footsteps coming down the stairs toward me. The youngest son had returned and brought with him the father. They both surveyed the little room and my hard cock jutting up from my lap and the son said something to the father and turned around and left. He waited in the doorway, apparently not sure what to do, so I beckoned to him and he came and stood before me.

The father was probably in his early sixties, slim with salt and pepper hair and a big walrus mustache. He was wearing loose khaki pants and I reached over and stroked his bulging crotch. The father reached up and began unbuttoning his shirt while I undid the waist of his pants and zipper. The pants fell as he drew back his open shirt. His chest and flat belly were covered by a mass of thick black hair from his collarbone down to his thick wiry pubes but the best part, the prize was his cock and balls. His scrotum was long and loose, hanging down almost to the middle of his thigh and his balls were as big as golf balls. His cock was equally as impressive, hanging about 5 inches soft and as thick as his youngest son's dick when he'd been hard.

I buried my face in his belly hair and inhaled his scent, a mixture of some spicy cologne, fresh man sweat and that mossy smell of hot cock and balls. He placed his hand gently against my head and held me as I ran my face back and forth across his torso. I reached up and got one hand around his ball sack, above his big nuts, and I could feel his dick starting to twitch against the back of my hand. I drew back and looked at the mass of scrotum in my hand, then turned his balls up and away from his body and lowered my mouth to kiss them. He sighed as my lips met his flesh and he stroked the back of my head. His cock was filling out and I wrapped my hand around the base and directed the fat head between my lips. 

He drew in another big sigh as my tongue dug into his piss hole and so I swirled my tongue around his cock head, feeling it fatten in my mouth. I popped the fat head out of my mouth but kept one hand grasped around the base of his cock while lowering my head to work on his big nuts. I sucked one of them into my mouth, loving how the big orb felt rolling around inside his loose sac, so I used my fingers to stuff the other ball between my stretched lips and into my cock hungry hole. He was still gently stroking me and his cock was fully hard as I pulled back so that his scrotum was stretched out from his body as far as possible. It reached almost the length of his cock and I slowly let one balls and then the other pop out if my lips and watch his big sac swing in the air.

Then I returned my attention to the burning hot cock now fully hard in my hand. It was a cocksucker's delight, at least eight inches long and fat and standing straight out from his body instead of straight up, as all of his sons' cocks did. It also had a downward bend so that as I gobbled up the length, it slid down my throat at the perfect angle and I could deep throat it without even trying. .He kept his hands on the back of my head as I grasped his big nut bag with both hands and used it as a handle to slide his stiff sausage in and out of my throat. I'd pull him forward and at the same time, he's thrust his hips so that his cock head was popping in and out of my throat and I knew it felt too good for him to last long. After only a couple more strokes, he grasped the back of my head and with his meat buried somewhere near my tonsils. I felt a gusher of cum coat my throat. 

He was gasping for breath as I gulped down his load and then backed his cock out so that only the head remained in my mouth and I savored the flavor of the last of his cum leaking out of his slit. He was stroking my head and whispering words in his own language as his cock softened in my mouth so that I could enjoy every drop as it drained from his balls.

Meanwhile, my own poor neglected cock was throbbing for release and I reached down and started to jack myself off while rubbing my face over his hairy stomach in his wiry bush. The father pulled back so he could watch me . I opened my legs wide and dropped a gob of spit on my dick where it mixed with all of the pre-cum running down my rod. He stood in front of me and played with his cock and balls while I put on a show, jacking my hard dick with one hand while pulling down on my balls with the other. My cum shot out of my cock head and arced in front of me to land at the father's feet. He stepped forward again, pressing my head against his hairy torso and caressing the back of my head with gentle strokes.

After a few minutes, when we had both calmed down, he stepped back to hoist his pants and button his shirt while I stood up and pulled up and fastened my own trousers. Halfway up, I was surprised to feel his hand caress my butt and snake his fingers into my crack. I jumped in surprise and looked back at him, grinning up at me and I suddenly had a premonition in regard to my next visit to the store.

I got my paper and went up to the counter to be rung out. The Youngest son was on the register and as he punched the keys his father said, "No charge." The son began to argue and the father said, more forcefully this time, "No charge!" As he handed me the paper, the father looked at me and smiled and said in perfect, unaccented English, "Thank you for your business. Please, come again."