 Father Jennings frowned as he looked at the young boy sitting on the other side of his desk. Eli was a skinny boy with a chiseled features in his face and hands. The pale face had hollowed-out-checks, and the huge, dark, beautiful eyes had dark rings under them. Eli looked nervously here and there, and kept biting his chewed-down fingernails. You didn't need to be Freud to tell that there was something seriously wrong with young Eli.

"I've watched you in my class," said father Jennings. "And I've seen you in the hallways and in the library. You don't look very well, Eli. What's wrong?"

"I have problem sleeping," said Eli.

"Why is that?" said father Jennings. "Are you nervous about something?"

Eli nodded.

"Won't you tell me?" the young priest asked him kindly.

Eli shook his head.

"It's too horrible," he said.

"Perhaps I can help you?" said father Jennings.

"No!" said Eli. "No-one can help me!"

His shoulders drooped miserly.

"I wish I had never been born!" he said.

"Now, now..." said father Jennings. "What is troubling you this much?"

"I've done something terrible," said Eli. "Something sinful and WRONG! I'm afraid to go to confession, because if anyone finds out, I'm sure I'll be expelled from school!"

"Eli, haven't you read your bible?" said father Jennings. "Whatever sins we commit, God forgives us. He loves us. If he can forgive you, why wouldn't the school forgive you? Now... do you want to confess your sins to me?"

Eli hesitated, then nodded rapidly.

"Bless me father, for I have sinned," he mumbled.

"Tell me about your sin," said father Jennings.

Eli took a deep breath.

"It began about 3 months ago," he began. "I... I fell in love with someone."

Father Jennings raised his eye-brows. The boys at St. Paul's school for boys didn't leave the school grounds very often, other than when they went home for holidays or went on a guided trip to some landmark, and at the latter they were heavily guarded by one or two extra priests. When had young Eli had the chance to sneak off to meet a girl to fall in love with?

"I haven't been able to eat or sleep," said Eli. "I have just been thinking about... this person. All the time. In class... at night... And then, last Thursday..."

He took another deep breath to calm himself down.

"What happened last Thursday, Eli?" said father Jennings.

"I was in my bed..." said Eli. The others had fallen asleep. I kept thinking about this person that I'm in love with, and I thought about what I'd like to do with... with this person."

Eli blushed, and couldn't get another word out.

"Did you want to... make love to this girl?" said father Jennings.

Eli nodded.

"And did you... do anything, with your hands, while you were thinking about this?" said father Jennings.

Eli nodded, and the young priest saw tears forcing themselves out of the young boy's eyes. He got to his feet and walked around the desk. He sat down on the desk, and put a hand on Eli's shoulder.

"These feelings are quite normal," he said. "You are 18, you're leaving your childhood behind you and becoming a man. There's nothing wrong about a young man developing an interest in young women!"

Eli sighed hopelessly.

"Though, the church does believe it better to save oneself for marriage," father Jennings continued. "Next time you feel... in a loving mood, perhaps you could distract yourself by reading, or...

"You don't understand, father!" Eli interrupted him, hiding his face in his hands. "It's not..."

"It's not... what, Eli?" said father Jennings.

"It's not a woman," said Eli.

He burst into tears, and father Jennings impulsively pulled the boy into his arms, and held him until he stopped crying.

"The catholic church frowns upon homosexuality," said father Jennings quietly into Eli's hair. "As does the society in large. I, on the other hand, believe that God loves us no matter what we do or whom we love. God is kind and wants us to be happy. I don't think that he would give us the ability to love someone of our own gender, if he thought it was wrong."

Eli looked up at him, with a faint hope in his face.

"You really think so?" he asked.

Father Jennings nodded.

"That's what I comforted myself with during my youth," he said.

"What... do you mean?" said Eli.

Father Jennings leaned back and smiled at him.

"I'm gay, too, Eli," he said.

The boy dropped his chin, a gesture that would make any other boy look stupid, but Eli only looked even more attractive with his mouth open.

"I've never told anyone," said father Jennings. "When I was young, I was afraid of being ridiculed... or hated. Perhaps I was a coward, but one of the reasons why I became a priest in the first place was that as a priest, no-one would ask why I hadn't married. But I also chose my profession because I really wanted to be a priest."

"I don't think I'd make a very good priest," said Eli.

"Don't worry," said father Jennings. "I wasn't suggesting a career move for you. I was just telling you my own experiences. Look. You are a young man, and you're surrounded by only men. You'll be graduating soon. then you can go to a co-ed university and meet girls, and then you'll see if you really are gay, or if it's just a phase you're going through. There's plenty of time for you to decide what to do."

Eli smiled carefully, and his body seemed to relax.

"Now, about this boy that you have a crush on..." said father Jennings. "I would suggest that you'd be very careful. Even if you would find out that he's also gay..."

"He IS gay, I know it!" said Eli. "He... told me so."

Something in the way Eli looked away and wouldn't meet his eyes, made father Jennings ask:

"Who is he?"

"You," Eli mumbled.

Father Jennings sat quiet for a moment, then he put a hand under the boy's chin, and forced him to look up at him.

"I'm very fond of you, Eli," he said. "And I must admit that I find you attractive. But I'm not IN LOVE with you. Do you understand the difference?"

Eli nodded.

"It would be very dangerous for me to have one of my pupils as my lover," said father Jennings. "If ANYONE found out about it, I'd loose my job."

"I wouldn't tell!" said Eli.

"Eli, dear boy, do you understand what you're saying?" said father Jennings. "I've told you that I don't love you the way you love me – are you sure you'd like to be in a relationship based on lust and not love?"

"Do you?" said Eli.

Father Jennings had the decency to look embarrassed.

"I know it doesn't rhyme well with my words about chastity and the sanctity of marriage," he said. "But I'm not just a priest, I'm also a man. A gay man. I can never marry. All I can have is a few moments of happiness. I haven't had a boyfriend for two years. I miss it. I miss the touching, the intimacy, the love making... And I do find you attractive. I just don't want to take advantage of you... make your first time something cheap and sleazy."

"You won't," said Eli. "It doesn't matter if it's just sex. Just as long as I get to touch you."

Father Jennings leaned over and kissed the boy. Eli put his arms around him, and the priest deepened the kiss, parted Eli's lips, and played with his tongue.

Eli pulled his hands through father Jennings blond hair, and the priest stroke the boy's skinny, bony back. He gently broke this kiss.

"This is not a very romantic place for making love," he said.

"I don't care!" said Eli. "At least we'll be alone!"

"Are you sure you want this?" said father Jennings.

"Yes!" said Eli. "I've been dreaming about this for 3 months!"

Father Jennings got up and lead Eli over to the sofa in the corner of the office. He sat the boy down and kissed him again. Eli's hands eagerly explored his lover's body. Father Jennings unbuttoned the boy's shirt and took it off him. Eli's body was thin but hard, and father Jennings caressed the smooth, hairless chest, and rubbed his fingertips over the boy's nipples, causing him to moan. Eli's hands trembled as he clumsily unbuttoned the black robe that the priest was wearing. 

Father Jennings helped him, and soon they were both sitting without their shirts on, touching and caressing each other. Eli was amazed to see that the older man had such a lean, muscular body. He buried his blushing face in the blond, curly chest hair, and inhaled the scent of another man.

He found the hard nipples and licked them, sucked on them like a baby, and felt very proud when he heard that his actions caused father Jennings' breathing to grow heavier.

"That feels good," he mumbled.

"I want to suck you," said Eli.

Father Jennings grinned wickedly, which made him look even younger than his 30-something years. 

"I can't say no to such an offer," he said, and opened his trousers. 

He lifted his ass off the sofa and pulled off both his trousers and his underwear. Eli gasped as the teacher's long, fat, hard cock jumped and smacked against the flat, hard stomach.

"It's so BIG!" he said.

"No..." said father Jennings. "It's quite normal."

"It's bigger than mine!" said Eli.

"You're young," said father Jennings. "You'll grow."

Eli bent down and took father Jennings' cock in his hand. He admired the length, the girth, the dark skin, the throbbing veins, the curls at the base, and the big, round, pink head that appeared when he carefully pulled the foreskin down. He licked the head, kissed it, put it in his mouth and sucked on it, and bobbed his head up and down the shaft. He was inexperienced, but father Jennings hadn't had a blowjob in two years, and enjoyed the boy's clumsy attempts all the same.

Eli took as much of father Jennings' cock as he could in his mouth. He tried to get it all in, but gagged after two thirds, and had to give up.

"Take it easy," said father Jennings. "You don't have to take it all."

"But I want to!" said Eli.

"In time," said father Jennings, and caressed his young lover's hair. "You'll learn how to do it, you just need a little practise. Now, come here, and let me show you!"

He unbuttoned Eli's trousers, and the boy stripped in record speed.

"Lean back," said father Jennings, and laid Eli down on the sofa.

He positioned himself between the boy's legs, bent down, and let the slim, hard dick glide into his mouth. He relaxed his throat and took it all the way in. He drowned the slim poker in his warm, wet mouth, sucked in his cheeks, and moved his head up and down in smooth, flowing movements.

"Oh!" Eli panted. "Oh! Father Jennings, I... I... Ooooh!"

His body tensed up, and he shot his load into father Jennings' mouth. The priest swallowed every stream of sperm, and sucked every last drop out of the boy's cock. He let it drop limp on Eli's stomach, and looked up at him.

"I'm sorry," said Eli. "I couldn't keep it in any longer."

"It's all right," said father Jennings calmingly. "So you liked that?"

"Oh, YES!" said Eli, with a happy smile. "It was great!"

"Well, let's see what you think about this, then," said father Jennings, and moved his mouth down to Eli's small, round balls.

He sucked them into his mouth and licked them, teased them with his tongue, and Eli arched his back violently.

"Oh!" he cried. "Oh, my! Father Jennings, that feels so gooooood! Ooooh..."

Father Jennings smiled, and moved further down. His fingers parted Eli's asscheeks, and his tongue circled around the rim of his asshole. Eli moaned in ecstasy.

"Do you like it?" said father Jennings, and felt the boy tremble when his hot breath hit the boy's balls.

"Yes!" said Eli. "I love it! Oh, please..."

Father Jennings licked his asshole, teased it with the tip of his tongue, put a finger in his mouth to wet it, and then slowly, carefully, penetrated Eli's virgin ass with it. The boy tensed up at this unfamiliar intrusion.

"Relax," said father Jennings. "It's just my hand. I've got a lot more than this to give you."

Eli took a few deep breaths, and the grip loosened around father Jennings' finger. He moved it in and out, took it out, licked on another finger, and put two wet fingers into Eli's ass, poking gently but persistently.

Eli tossed his head from side to side, moaning, and licking his lips. His chest was blushing with excitement.

"How does it feel?" asked father Jennings.

"It feels good," Eli whispered. "I want more."

"Do you want me to come inside you?" said father Jennings teasingly.

"Yes!" said Eli. "Please... I need it. I want it."

"What do you want?" said father Jennings.

"Your cock..." said Eli. I want your cock! Please... please, fuck me!"

Father Jennings parted the boy's legs and lifted them up, giving himself better access to the tiny asshole under him. He spit in his hand and lubed his cock with the saliva, before he put it against the entrance.

"This is much bigger than a finger," he said. "You have to relax and let me in, or it's gonna hurt."

"OK," said Eli. "I'll try."

He gasped for breath when his teacher pushed the big cock into him, and forced himself to relax his muscles as father Jennings kept pushing into his tight rectum. The pain put tears in his eyes, but he also felt so incredibly horny that he put his hands around his lover's firm butt, and pulled him the last inch in. Father Jennings laid still for a moment, buried to the base in his pupil's ass, keeping back the urge to slam his cock in and out of the hot, tight ass. This was Eli's first time. He wanted to let the boy get used to having a cock up his ass. 

When Eli relaxed, father Jennings fucked him slowly, and enjoyed seeing the motions in the boy's beautiful face. 

"Oh, it's so good!" Eli panted. "Gosh, you're big!"

"Your ass is nice and tight," whispered father Jennings. "It feels great fucking it. I'm not hurting you, am I?"

"Nah..." said Eli. "Just a little... but it feels good! Please, go faster! Fuck me hard!"

Eli's hands squeezed father Jennings' butt, felt the muscles move under his hands, as the man picked up the speed. Pretty soon he was ramming himself into the no longer virgin ass, just like he wanted. The boy grunted for each thrust, and moved one hand to jerk off his cock, that had grown hard again. When father Jennings hit a certain spot inside of him, Eli groaned loudly, and his cock exploded in his hand, sending waves of semen over his chest.

"I'm going to cum," whispered father Jennings. Do you want it inside your ass – or in your mouth?

"In my mouth!" said Eli.

Father Jennings pulled out, and jerked off in front of Eli's face.

"Open up, here it comes!" he ordered, and grabbed Eli's head.

Eli opened his mouth, and his teacher pushed his cock inside of it, letting a flow of sperm down his throat. Eli swallowed the first jet, but the second ran out of his mouth and dripped down on his thigh. Father Jennings held him in a tight grip, milking out every drop inside the young, rosy mouth, groaning and grunting. When he was done, he wiped Eli's mouth softly, and kissed him.

"You were wonderful," he said.

Eli wrapped his arms around father Jennings and pulled him down next to himself.

"We're gonna have to be very careful, Eli," father Jennings warned him. "No flirting in public. And you mustn't visit my private bedroom. This is the only place where we can meet, and we mustn't do that too often, either, or people will be suspicious."

"So you want to do this with me again?" said Eli, happily cuddling up against the older man.

Father Jennings kissed the sweet mouth.

"You bet," he said.