 Well, just fulfilled a secret fantasy of mine I've been carrying around for over a decade now. I'm a fiftyish married guy that was a straight as they come in my younger years and never considered anything sexual that wasn't of the hetero fashion. As I became more involved with computers and the World Wide Web I encountered another world that I had never been exposed to. As I discovered internet porn I would from time to time stumble upon both gay sites and videos or male masturbation videos. The more I found them, the more I became curious about the male genitalia and searched them out. 

I soon found myself fantasizing about doing the things I was watching on the monitor. I would always be on the giving end, not the receiving end and would masturbate while watching. I couldn't believe it but I wanted to suck a dick and have a hot sticky load of cum shot on my face after completing the task. God I'd get harder than I've been in years just thinking about it. Of course being a married, father of three, I was too afraid to actually act on it but as time passed it became almost exclusively my masturbatory fantasy of choice. I would seek out gay sex stories, photos and anything else I could find about man to man sex. 

That is how I stumbled upon a site dedicated to helping like minded senior individuals hook up in their area. Though I doubted I follow through on anything I registered and posted on my profile my status, no experience but a budding curiosity and ready to make the leap. I got several replies, but never acted on any due to what I can only describe as a lack of balls. I go to the site from time to time to see any new members registered in my area looking for a familiar face. Bingo, there was a photo of a guy I had worked with many years ago, Tony, who also was married at the time. I had lost contact with Tony but I appears he came out several years ago and now him and his partner we're looking for someone that could "be the meat" in their sandwich .Of course I hadn't used my real name when I registered and didn't dare to post a picture so I said what the hell I'm going to have some fun with him and replied to his post. I told him of my gay virginity and he replied that both he and his partner would be please to introduce me to the things that up to know had only been fantasy. They had a house with a "play room" and invited me over for drinks and to get acquainted, he was unaware of my true identity at this point. I didn't want to reveal the truth to him until I was sure I could follow through. I thought, what the hell, now is the time and what better way for my first encounter that being with someone I already know, I accepted Tony's invitation for the following Saturday night. 

It just so happened that my wife's sister was in town and they had planned on staying over at our beach condo for the weekend, good for me. I never confessed as to whom I was and you can only imagine the look on his face when he answered the door only to see I was the mystery virgin. After the initial shock we both laughed and he asked me in. I had never met his partner but he looked like he could have been his brother, about the same size and similar features. After a few drinks and small talk Tony asked if I wanted to follow through on my fantasy, I said yes. They walked me back to the "play room" and opened the door, wow. There was a large bed, massage table, sling and table with various anal toys. 

Tony's friend, Rob, took the lead as I sat on the edge of the bed. He removed his shorts and revealed a semi hard cock, it was the first time I'd seen one that was in this condition as I reached out and begin to touched and stroke it. It soon became hard and Tony encouraged me to make my wish come true and go ahead and put my lips around it, I did. It was as if a decade of pent up desire was released on Rod's poor cock as I liked and sucked his dick like a school yard whore. Over the years of masturbatory fantasies I had practiced cock sucking on kielbasa and other phallic substitutes so I was able to deal with the gag reflex when I took his cock all the way down to his sack. Tony let out a yelp and commented that I must have lied about having never sucked a dick after seeing that move. I just looked up and smiled at him. He now had his dick out and was stroking it as I continued to suck his friend Rob. Tony walked over and offered his nice 7" dick to Rob who sucked on it like he has many times before I assume. As Tony was getting sucked he asked me what I thought about anal play, to which I admitted that I had a homemade dildo that I've used on myself a few times and enjoyed the feel once it got in. He said he'd introduce me to a few of his toys before I leave which got my mind stirred up. I continued on Rob's cock until he said he was ready to dump his load. I asked if he'd shoot it in my face as this has always been one of my strong fantasies. He pulled his dick from my mouth and began shooting a large amount of warm cum in my face and mouth. After seeing this Tony pulled his cock from Rob's mouth and added his load to my already soaked face. It was an amazing feeling and all I had thought it would be, hot sticky cum running down my nose and cheeks. I thought to myself, why the hell it took you so long to move on this fantasy. Then my mind wondered to the promised anal play, but that's another story.