 INTRODUCTION

Over the years Cliff had been with many women and had wonderful sexual encounters. He had been with over 50 different girls and women from 1959 through 1990. Of those 50+ females, 10 of them gave up their ass to him. He loved anal sex with a female who had a lovely ass. He also had great sex with most of them not into anal and he experienced some wonderful oral sex sessions. During those years until the mid 80's, AIDS was not a concern and much of the sex was unprotected. 

It wasn't until recently that Cliff ever shared the stories of his bi-sexual encounters. Now that gay is so widely accepted, he has become more open about his life experiences. When Cliff now recalls those encounters he remembers that it was all about cumming. He liked to cum and he was not choosey about whether it was with a gal or a guy. Cliff had some memorable blow jobs from guys and he fucked some lovely male asses. This is the story of Cliff's bisexual encounters beginning in high school in 1959.

FIRST TIME

For Cliff his first time with a guy was in 1959 his senior year of high school. He had turned 18 years old a few months before and he had sex with a girl who was known to put out. She did it all and she took Cliff's virginity and before they were done he had experienced vaginal, oral and anal sex. It had been a full day of sex since her parents were gone all day. 

It was a Saturday evening and Cliff's date had gotten ill so he decided to take in a movie by himself. He walked to the local theater to catch the first movie showing at 5:00 PM. Cliff sat in the middle section in the middle of the row as the theater was not very crowded at that time. The movie starred Marilyn Monroe who looked very hot and gave Cliff a boner. Cliff was glued to the screen when a guy sat right next to him. Cliff was surprised as there were so many other empty seats. 

The guy whispered to Cliff, my name is Barry. Cliff nodded and whispered his name back. Barry then leaned over and whispered, "She is hot isn't she? I can see that you have a boner."

Cliff was embarrassed and put his hands in his lap. "Don't be shy. I get them all the time too when I watch a hot movie," Barry whispered.

All through the movie Barry kept making comments about the movie and how he would like to fuck Marilyn Monroe in the ass. Cliff agreed that she had a great looking ass and he thought back to his first anal encounter. It would really be something to fuck a gorgeous woman like her especially in her ass. The movie ended and the lights came on. Barry looked right into Cliff's crotch and stared at the impression in his pants. Barry rubbed his own crotch and Cliff looked around to be sure no one was watching.

Cliff and Barry got up from their seats and left the theater. Cliff was going to stop at the soda shop in town to get a drink before he walked home. Barry walked with Cliff and then asked him about his experience with sex. Cliff told him that he had some experience and then Barry told him about his experience in college. Barry told Cliff that guys did it all the time with each other and Cliff had a difficult time believing that. As they walked Barry kept raving about the sex in college with guys and how it was no different getting a blow job or fucking an ass with a girl or guy.

They passed an alley way and Barry asked Cliff to walk into it with him. Cliff was not worried as he was 6'0" and 185 pounds compared to Barry who he guessed was 5'7" and 150 pounds. Cliff was a varsity athlete in three sports and in superb shape. They walked into the alley and Barry seemed familiar with it as he steered Cliff into a corner that concealed them. Barry resumed talking about sex with guys and as he did he started rubbing Cliff's crotch. Cliff got an erection and he let Barry rub it through his pants. 

Barry was masterful as he talked and fondled Cliff. Somehow Barry had slid the zipper down and his hand was in Barry's pants rubbing Barry's cock through his briefs. When Barry reached for Cliff's belt to unbuckle it, Cliff panicked and stopped him.

"Relax I'm not going to hurt you. I'm going to make you feel good," Barry whispered in the darkness.

Cliff let Barry unbuckle his belt, unfasten his pants and pull the pants down to his knees. Barry rubbed Cliff's erection through his briefs and he was impressed with Cliff's cock. Cliff gasped when his briefs were pulled down and his cock leaped out. Barry took a hold of it and whispered, "This is quite impressive."

Cliff knew that he was larger than average but he knew that other guys were bigger than him. Barry stroked the thick sizeable cock pausing every so often to spit in his hand. Cliff was really turned on by then and he was anxious to cum and put his clothes back on. When Barry squatted down and took Cliff's cock in his mouth, Cliff let out a soft moan. He closed his eyes as Barry sucked his cock and he pictured the first time Barbara had blown him. It didn't take long for Cliff to cum and he did so without warning Barry.

Barry was caught off guard by the quick and voluminous ejaculation causing him to pull Cliff's cock from his mouth. Barry jerked Cliff off as streams of semen shot out of the teen's cock. Barry waited until the last rope left Cliff's cock and then he took it back in his mouth. Barry drained the remaining semen from Cliff's cock and continued sucking it keeping Cliff hard. He played with Cliff's testicles and rubbed the perineum and Cliff knew that he could easily cum again. Cliff decided that if Barry wanted to get him off again then Cliff was up to the task.

Barry stood up and unfastened his pants and pushed them along with his underwear to his knees. Cliff saw Barry's small erection and he immediately told Barry that he was not going to reciprocate. Barry laughed and said, "I don't expect you to but I want you to fuck me.

Cliff watched as Barry took something out of his pocket and then used it to lubricate his anus. Barry fingered his ass with one and then two fingers. He had his fingers moving in and out easily when he spoke to Cliff.

"I'm ready for you Cliff. I'm ready for you to put your big dick in me. Go slow and make this last a long time," Barry whispered sexily.

Staring the entire time at Barry's beautiful curvy ass, Cliff moved his body into Barry. Cliff held his erect cock in his hand and guided to Barry's anus. Barry held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up Barry's anus and stretched the sphincter. Cliff was thoughtful and gentle as he slowly penetrated a guy's ass for the first time in his life. Barry's ass opened up and welcomed Cliff's cock into the warm snug passage. Cliff held still and let Barry move back and forth. Once Cliff was satisfied that Barry had loosened up he began to fuck Barry with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together as if they had done this many times before. Both of them were oblivious to having sex in public as they were lost in the moment. Barry dropped to up his knees while keeping his chest and head lower. This move accentuated the round shape of his shapely ass. Cliff like the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. Barry groaned repeatedly each time Cliff buried his cock in Barry's ass.

Every time Cliff drove his cock into Barry's bottom, Barry pushed his hips back to receive the cock in his ass. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Cliff wrapped his arms around Barry's upper body. Their bodies pressed together as they fucked and Cliff felt just like he was in the ass of a girl. Cliff never expected that fucking a guy could be so enjoyable and so erotic. Cliff was so wrapped up fucking Barry's hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning Cliff shot another massive load, this time into Barry's rectum.

Barry groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Cliff moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated into Barry until he was nearly drained. Cliff pressed his body into Barry and remained still as Barry clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around Cliff's shaft. Cliff was still hard when he removed his cock from Barry's ass. Barry turned around and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. Cliff looked at the less than average size uncut cock and watched Barry jerk off. 

Barry saw that Cliff was still hard and spoke softly, "Put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum."

Cliff moved back to Barry who lifted his legs to receive Cliff's cock. Cliff eased his cock back into Barry's well lubed passage and began to fuck him again. Barry stroked his cock as Cliff fucked him and Cliff was pleased that he was still hard after cumming twice. Cliff watched as Barry closed his eyes and felt Barry's sphincter tighten around his cock as Barry ejaculated. Barry's load shot out in four or five streams and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. 

Barry smiled and said, "I think that you liked fucking me," Barry whispered.

Cliff just nodded but now he was a little embarrassed about what happened. He pulled out of Barry and stood up. "I shouldn't have done that," Cliff said, his face turning red.

"Of course you should, people have been doing this for thousands of years. You enjoyed it and so did I. You can enjoy sex with both men and women. I want you to fuck me again," Barry told him.

Cliff looked at the hot curvy ass again and within minutes he was buried balls deep again in Barry's tight asshole. Barry was flattened on the ground face down as Cliff drove his impressive cock deep into the bowels of his new found lover. Barry's ass moved under Cliff but Cliff's strength and drive kept Barry pinned under him. Cliff's powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled Barry's ass. His thick cock drove into Barry and then retreated until only the head remained in Barry's rectum. Barry felt the powerful shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing Barry to cry out.

"Oh man your cock is so big in my ass, so deep. Cum in me like the last time, I want to feel you shooting in my ass!" Barry exclaimed.

Cliff continued to fuck the shapely firm ass driving his cock into the warm recess. Cliff sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in Barry's hot ass. Cliff felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. Cliff felt Barry's sphincter muscle tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of juice out of it. Cliff stayed hard and he continued to slowly fuck Barry's ass as the semen coated his shaft.

Cliff was done and he suddenly realized where he was and what he had done. "I have to get going," he said nervously as he pulled up his clothes.

Cliff had already left the alley before Barry got dressed. Cliff walked quickly back to his home and a million thoughts passed through his mind. He had just gotten a great blowjob and fucked a guy in his curvy ass. He was confused as he had great satisfaction but with a guy. At that moment he made up his mind that it was all about cumming. He could cum with a guy just as he had with a girl. Cliff arrived home and went to bed and as he tried to sleep he wondered if he would ever have sex with a guy again.

THREE YEARS LATER

After graduating from high school Cliff enlisted in the Marines. Following boot camp and infantry training he was assigned to his first duty station at Marine Barracks in Naples, Italy. Cliff was in Italy for two years and he loved the duty station as he was able to visit different cities in Western Europe in addition to those in Italy. He was lucky at times meeting girls and then there were always the working girls when he was horny. Cliff had not had sex with a guy since that one time back home and it had long passed his mind.

Late one Friday night Cliff was sipping an espresso at a sidewalk café in Naples. The café overlooked the Bay of Naples and it was a beautiful setting. He and some other Marines had been downtown and had hit a few bars. Cliff decided to break away from the group and relax by the water. He had sat in this café in the past and watched the sun rise. It was also a good spot for people watching. He was enjoying his espresso when a very cute but more like pretty guy sat at a table near him. Cliff at first thought it was girl with short hair but upon further scrutiny he realized it was a guy.

The guy looked at Cliff and smiled and then introduced himself in Italian. Cliff had become conversational in Italian over the past year so he understood the young man. 

"I'm and American stationed here. My name is Cliff," Cliff replied in Italian.

The young man smiled again and in very good English he repeated his name Fernando. "It is nice to meet you Cliff, I am Fernando."

Then he asked "Why are you alone Cliff?"

"Oh my friends went to another bar and I decided to have some espresso here. I like this café and sometimes I stay and watch the sunrise."

"May I join you at your table?" Fernando asked politely.

"Sure," Cliff told him.

Fernando moved over to Cliff's table bringing his espresso with him. They chatted amiably and Cliff felt comfortable with the young man. They chatted about Europe and Italy and the places that Cliff had been. The conversation eventually turned toward sex and Fernando asked Cliff what he thought about the Italian women. Cliff told him that he liked the Italian girls and that he also liked the ones he met in France and Spain. Cliff told him about the one German girl he met on Capri and what a good lover she was. When Cliff asked Fernando about his love life, Fernando smiled and said that he preferred men to women.

Cliff looked at him cautiously and Fernando asked, "Have you ever been with a man?'

For some reason Cliff told him about Barry. "Did you enjoy it?"

"It was okay but I never did it again."

"I like you Cliff. Would you like to come with me to my casa?"

Cliff studied the young man again who at first he thought was a girl. Fernando was more than cute, he was pretty. He was slender with a nice ass and Cliff thought that he could probably fuck him if that's what Fernando wanted. There was no one around that he knew or who knew him so he decided to accept Fernando's offer. First Cliff made his intentions known.

"Fernando, I have to tell you that I am not interested in cock. I will not be reciprocating if we have sex together," Cliff stated.

"I understand," Fernando agreed.

They left the café and Cliff followed Fernando through some narrow streets until they reached the building where he lived. Once inside Fernando served Cliff some wine and they both relaxed before they went to Fernando's bed. In the bedroom they stripped off their clothes and Fernando was all over Cliff's cock.

Fernando was taken with Cliff's impressive cock and he spent a lot of time kissing it and licking it keeping Cliff hard. Cliff was now ready to fuck Fernando and he told Fernando to get on all fours. Cliff used lotion Fernando gave him and greased up his cock. Then he greased up Fernando's asshole and he again marveled at the shapely ass on Fernando's smaller frame. Cliff observed that Fernando's skin was tan all over except for the lighter toned ass. Fernando looked good on all fours as he waited for Cliff's cock to penetrate his ass. Cliff took his time lubricating Fernando's ass and he liked the submissive posture that Fernando presented. Fernando had his head down on his hands which were folded on the bed. Fernando's ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape of his ass. Fernando looked perfect and he presented exactly the image that Cliff liked to fuck.

Cliff moved close and slowly eased his cock into Fernando's ass. Fernando groaned slightly with the penetration and his sphincter stretched to accept the big cock. Once past the sphincter Cliff fucked Fernando slowly until Fernando's ass opened up and he was once again able to take the big thick cock. Cliff then picked up the pace and soon his hips were slamming into the lovely Fernando. Fernando's curvy ass would jiggle each time Cliff thrust into it and Cliff loved the effect. Cliff felt his orgasm building again and he knew that he would dump another load in Fernando's ass. Fernando felt Cliff's body stiffen and make one final thrust as Cliff buried his cock in Fernando's ass. Then Fernando felt cum surge into him and he felt Cliff's cock throb with each release. Cliff was glad that he had been able to cum so much.

Fernando's anal muscles involuntarily clenched and unclenched as they massaged Cliff's cock and drew every drop of cum from the shaft. Cliff kept pressed against him and let his cock be milked dry. Fernando couldn't hold his position any longer and he collapsed forward on the bed. Cliff followed Fernando down and lay on top of Fernando with his cock still buried in Fernando's ass. Cliff felt Fernando's smooth hairless skin against his own and he liked the feeling. Cliff remained on top of Fernando until Fernando begged him to get up. Cliff didn't realize it but he had been crushing Fernando's smaller body. Cliff had gotten lost in the moment as Fernando's ass muscles tightened around Cliff's cock. Cliff then rolled to the side and his softening cock slipped from Fernando's dilated asshole.

Fernando remained on his stomach face down on the bed as he recovered from being thoroughly fucked. Cliff looked over at Fernando and he wondered if Fernando had cum. Then Cliff looked at Fernando's ass and he could see cum oozing from it. Cliff was tempted to finger Fernando's asshole and push the semen back in. Cliff started by caressing Fernando's curvy smooth ass and then he played with his asshole. Cliff pushed his finger into Fernando's cum filled hole. Fernando wiggled his ass in response as Cliff played with him.

Fernando then pushed himself up on all fours giving Cliff better access. It was then that Cliff noticed that Fernando had cum on the bed. He could see the wet spots on the sheets and Cliff knew it was from Fernando's ejaculation.

"Oh Cliff, I love being fucked like that," Fernando cooed.

"I'm glad you liked it," Cliff told him.

"Can you stay here tonight?"

"Yes, I don't have to be back to the barracks until tomorrow."

Cliff fucked Fernando one more time before they went to sleep that night. Cliff slept soundly as he was sexually sated and satisfied. In the morning Cliff was awake first and he quietly got out of bed and went in the bathroom to pee and wash up. Cliff stood in the bathtub with the hand held shower head. Cliff was letting the warm water cascade over his body when Fernando joined him in the shower. Although surprised, Cliff was glad to see him.

"May I join you?" Fernando asked.

"Plenty of room," Cliff replied.

The two of them then began to wash each other. Cliff washed Fernando's body and paid particular attention to Fernando's ass. Cliff stood behind Fernando and washed Fernando's chest and abs. Then Cliff's hands made their way down to Fernando's ass. Cliff cupped the inviting buttocks in his hands as he soaped up Fernando's ass. Then he fingered Fernando's asshole and soaped up his own cock. Fernando leaned forward slightly placing his hands on the wall and arched his back so that his ass pushed back toward Cliff. Cliff eased his cock into Fernando's soapy asshole as he held onto Fernando's hips.

Fernando groaned seductively as the big dick entered his asshole. Cliff fucked him slowly and watched his cock slide in and out of Fernando's shapely ass. Cliff was so turned on that he felt his orgasm building quicker then he planned. There was no stopping him and his balls tightened as he unloaded in Fernando's ass. Cliff held onto to Fernando's hips and drove his cock deep into Fernando's asshole. Fernando felt the hot cum fill his asshole to overflowing and instinctively used his sphincter muscle to milk Cliff's cock. Fernando had wanted to feel Cliff's first load of the day in his ass and as expected Cliff flooded Fernando's rectum.
