 Cliff returned to the states after his two year tour in Italy and he was assigned to a duty station in Virginia. As a result of that duty station he would spend some weekends in Washington D.C. and at Virginia Beach. It was at Virginia Beach that he met Chris. 

A Saturday in June before school was out Cliff and some of his Marine buddies spent the day at Virginia Beach. The summer vacationers had not yet arrived so the beach was not as crowded as it would soon become. There were plenty of locals taking advantage of the sun including many bikini clad babes. 

The Marines spread out their blankets and towels and took in the sights. They had brought along a football and tossed it around trying to get some of the girl's attention. They also swim in the chilly ocean and did their share of body surfing. Two of his buddies hooked up with girls that Cliff would not even take a second look at. They moved over with the girls on the beach leaving Cliff to himself. 

One person caught Cliff's attention and it was a good looking blonde guy wearing a very tight yellow swim suit. Cliff studied him. Cliff guessed him to be about 5'6" and 140 pounds. He looked to be in good shape even though he had more of a feminine appearance. His legs were shapely like a girl's and he had an ass that most women would kill for. His blonde hair was long covering his ears and the nape of his neck. He was well tanned for early June.

Suddenly Cliff found himself wondering what the guy looked like naked and he wondered what he would look like getting fucked in the ass. Cliff then snapped out of it and mentally scolded himself for thinking such thoughts. "Christ, you're home now, this is not Italy."

Cliff took a dip in the ocean to cool his jets and the guy ended up in the water next to Cliff. "Hi, my name is Chris. I can see that you are pretty impressed with me," the blonde said.

"I think that you are imagining things," Cliff snapped back.

"I don't think so. You have been checking out my ass all day. What's your name?"

"It's Cliff but I think that you got the wrong impression," Cliff replied trying to look disinterested.

"Are you gay?" Chris asked directly.

"No, I am not gay. My buddies and I came here to score some chicks," Cliff snapped.

"Really, I bet you have been with a guy before. Am I right?" Chris pressed.

"You are wrong," Cliff said and then he returned to his blanket. 

The cold water had chilled Cliff and he had to pee. He decided to hit the public restroom and then stop for a beer on the way back. He entered the men's toilet and stood in front of the urinal and took his piss. While he was peeing Chris walked in and took the spot next to him. Chris did not disguise his interest in Cliff and he stared right at Cliff's cock. Chris then pulled his swim suit down below his buttocks and stroked his cock. 

Cliff was mesmerized. Chris was tan all over except for his lily white ass. His ass was beautiful and curvy but the tan lines emphasized the shape even more. Cliff felt his loins stir as he admired the marvelous ass next to him. Regaining his composure, Cliff finished peeing and put his cock back in his swim suit. Chris pulled up his swim suit and walked out behind Chris. Cliff made his way back to his blanket and he hoped that Chris would not bother him again. Cliff had to admit that Chris had a great looking ass and in a different situation, Cliff would have been glad to fuck him.

Tom the Marine who had driven the three of them to the beach came over to Cliff. "Hey Cliff buddy, we need a big favor from you. Mike and I are hooking up with these chicks and we need you to take the bus back to the base or find a place to stay."

Cliff half suspected that might happen so he was somewhat prepared for it. "No problem, I'll crash at one of the motels or grab the last bus back."

"Thanks buddy, we owe you one," Tom said and he returned to Mike and the girls.

Mike looked over and gave Cliff thumbs up and Cliff nodded. "So your buddies are leaving you, are they," Chris said.

Cliff had not heard or seen him approach and the voice startled him. "Yeah, they got lucky," Cliff responded.

"Well all luck can't be good," Chris said sarcastically and then added, "If you need a place to crash tonight I have a room at the Sea Breeze."

"No thanks, I'll be fine," Cliff replied.

"Okay suit your self," Chris said and walked back to his beach towel.

Later Cliff went in for another dip and he walked past Chris who was lying face down on his beach towel. His magnificent ass looked fantastic. It was as if someone added the buttocks to his slender body. Cliff was sure that Chris' cheeks stuck out at least 12" from his lower back and legs. Chris' cock and balls were not visible and he truly looked like a pretty girl sprawled topless on the towel. Cliff felt his cock surge in his swim and he continued to stare at the incredible ass and he wondered what it would be like to fuck Chris. 

Cliff imagined Chris on all fours with his head down on a bed and his curvy ass in the air. Cliff was sure that he could bring himself to fuck Chris in the doggy position. He imagined his cock sliding in and out between the glorious ass cheeks and filling the warm anal passage. It took all his will power to refrain from taking it further. Just then Chris rolled to his side and he smiled at Cliff, "Hi," he whispered and asked, "Been there long?"

Cliff blushed, walked past Chris and made his way in to the ocean. As he walked he realized that he had a boner and he was sure that Chris had seen it. Once again Cliff's eyes had been fixed on the marvelous looking ass. It was so perfect it didn't it seem real. It was like looking at one of those cartoon characters where their prowess was exaggerated. He still had a difficult time believing that a guy's ass could get him so excited. The cool ocean water calmed him and he lost his woody. Cliff returned to his blanket and lay face down and dozed off.

In his day dream, Cliff was naked and sporting a huge erection when he entered a room. There was a dim light but Cliff could make out Chris kneeling on the bed on all fours. His naked ass was perched in the air and he wiggled it at Cliff. Chris had his head down on the bed turned to one side and he whispered softly to Cliff. "I knew that you would come to me. I have my ass ready for you. It is well lubed and waiting for your big cock." 

Cliff was lost for words and without speaking he got on the bed behind Chris. Cliff seemed to be in a trance as he eased his impressive cock into the incredible ass in front of him. Something was wrong though as Cliff's cock seemed to grow to an extreme length. His cock kept getting longer and he kept feeding it to Chris' ass. Cliff didn't think it was possible for so much cock to go into a rectum. Chris kept asking for more and Cliff kept feeding it to him. Then Cliff felt his balls tighten just before he ejaculated. Cliff shot a massive load into Chris' rectum. It was so voluminous and so forceful that it backed up and shot out all over the room. Cliff seemed to keep cumming and the semen covered Chris' body obscuring him from view. Soon the entire room was white with semen and Cliff felt tremendous pressure in his scrotum. He felt like he was going to explode and then he woke up.

"Jesus, that was some dream," Cliff murmured to himself.

CLIFF TAKES THE PLUNGE

Cliff decided to take Chris up on his offer to stay over in the motel. There was no one around that he knew so he moved his blanket over to where Chris was lying on his towel. Cliff didn't know if it was his imagination but Chris's ass rose slightly looking incredibly desirable. Chris intentionally pushed up on his knees ever so slightly to further accentuate the shape of his lovely ass. He then turned and looked right at Cliff and said "I knew that you would come around," and then asked, "Cliff would you put some lotion on my back. The sun is very hot today."

"Sure, I can do that," Cliff stammered. 

Cliff stared at Chris briefly as he had never seen a guy look so feminine but of course his cock was hidden from Cliff's sight. Chris's skin was hairless and without a blemish and when Cliff began to apply the lotion, he felt the smooth texture of Chris's skin. Cliff couldn't recall anyone with skin any smoother than Chris. Cliff began at Chris's neck and shoulders and worked his way down Chris's back. As he massaged his effeminate companion, Cliff felt his cock harden in his swimsuit yet again. 

Chris had turned his head to one side resting on his hands folded on the lounge. He noticed the bulge in Cliff's swimsuit and he smiled. Chris also noticed that the outline of Cliff's cock was very impressive and Chris guessed the size to be close to eight inches and it was very thick. 

"Would you mind doing my legs too?" Chris requested.

Cliff didn't speak but moved down and began to apply lotion to Chris's calves and thighs. Cliff massaged Chris's calves up to the back of his knees and then his thighs just below his buttocks. Cliff then stared at the shapely ass before him. Now that he looked at Chris's ass it looked better than any of the women and gays that he had butt fucked. 

"Oh that feels wonderful. You have great hands and I love the way you massage me," Chris cooed.

"I think that I better stop now," Cliff stammered showing his nervousness.

"Oh would you do my shoulders again first," Chris requested.

Chris had a woody and he wasn't quite ready to turn over and besides he was going to take it to the next step with Cliff. Chris wanted to see how far he could go with Cliff. Cliff moved to the head of the towel and began to put lotion on Chris's shoulders again. As Cliff's hands massaged Chris's shoulders, Chris let his hands drift to Cliff's swimsuit. Cliff felt Chris's hands fumbling with his Speedo playing with his cock.

"Why don't we take this to my motel room," Chris suggested.

Once they were in the motel room, Cliff tossed his overnight bag on the floor. Chris removed his swim suit and turned his back to Cliff so that Cliff would see his naked ass. Chris sat on the bed and beckoned Cliff to him. Chris pulled down Cliff's swim suit and Cliff stepped out of it and his boner spring to attention. "Here I go again," Cliff thought.

Chris was an excellent cock sucker and Cliff knew that he would cum soon. Chris pulled Cliff closer to the bed and he began to fondle Chris's balls and stroke his perineum. Cliff was so turned on that he busted his nut quickly and flooded Chris's mouth. Chris handled the first discharge expertly but he pulled Cliff's cock out and jerked him off watching the remainder of the ejaculation. Chris sucked every drop out of Cliff's cock. Chris lowered Cliff's swimsuit down to his knees and pulled Cliff closer. Chris held onto Cliff's muscular buttocks as he continued to suck Cliff's cock keeping Cliff hard.

"Now I would love for you to fuck me. I want to feel that marvelous cock in my ass. Why don't you massage my ass and lubricate my anus this time," Chris directed.

As if in a trance Cliff followed Chris's instructions and began to massage Chris's ass. Cliff then worked Chris's ass just as he had any of the others he had butt fucked. He lovingly massaged Chris shapely buttocks and lubricated Chris's asshole. Cliff put one then two fingers in Chris's ass and finger fucked him for several minutes.

"I'm ready for you Cliff. I'm ready for you to put your big dick in me. Go slow and make this last a long time," Chris whispered sexily.

Staring the entire time at Chris's beautiful curvy ass, Cliff got up on the bed and lowered his body onto Chris. Cliff held his erect cock in his hand and guided to Chris's anus. Chris held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up Chris's anus and stretched the sphincter. Cliff was thoughtful and gentle as he slowly penetrated a guy's ass once again. Chris's ass opened up and welcomed Cliff's cock into the warm snug passage. Cliff held still and let Chris move under him. Once Cliff was satisfied that Chris had loosened up he began to fuck Chris with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together as if they had done this many times before. Chris rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the bed. This move accentuated the round shape of his shapely ass. Cliff like the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. Normally Cliff liked it best in a doggy style position but he found he liked the way Chris felt under him. Chris groaned repeatedly each time Cliff buried his cock in Chris's ass.

Every time Cliff drove his cock into Chris's bottom, Chris lifted his hips to receive the cock in his ass. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Cliff wrapped his arms around Chris's upper body. Their bodies pressed together as they made love and Cliff felt just like he was in the ass of a woman. Cliff was so wrapped up fucking Chris's hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning Cliff shot another massive load, this time into Chris's rectum.

Chris groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Cliff moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated into Chris until he was nearly drained. Cliff pressed his body into Chris and remained still as Chris clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around Cliff's shaft. Cliff was still hard when he removed his cock from Chris's ass and got off the bed. Chris turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. Cliff watched Chris jerk off. 

Chris saw that Cliff was still hard and spoke softly, "Put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum."

Cliff moved back to Chris who lifted his legs to receive Cliff's cock. Cliff eased his cock back into Chris's well lubed passage and began to fuck him again. Chris stroked his cock as Cliff fucked him and Cliff was pleased that he was still hard after cumming twice. Cliff watched as Chris closed his eyes and felt Chris's sphincter tighten around his cock as Chris ejaculated. Chris's load shot out in four or five streams and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. 

Chris smiled and said, "Wow that was something. I think that you like fucking me," Chris whispered.

They rested and Chris had Cliff tell him about his other gay experiences. They both were turned on by the time Cliff and recounted his bisexual encounters and within minutes Cliff was buried balls deep again in Chris's tight asshole. Chris was flattened on the bed face down as Cliff drove his impressive cock deep into the bowels of his new lover. Chris's ass moved under Cliff but Cliff's strength and drive kept Chris pinned under him. Cliff's powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled Chris's ass. His thick cock drove into Chris and then retreated until only the head remained in Chris's rectum. Chris felt the powerful shaft drive in and out of his 

Chris sensed that Cliff was up for a long fuck without pulling out of his ass and whispered, "Cliff let's roll on our sides."

Cliff rolled to his side keeping his cock in Chris's ass as he pulled Chris to the side. Cliff's hands wrapped around and caressed Chris's body. Cliff gently pinched Chris's nipples and kept fucking Chris until they both came. Chris came two times before Cliff came in Chris's ass again. The first time Chris ejaculated; his cum shot passed his face and hit the headboard of bed. The second time he came his seed hit him in the face and neck. Then Cliff lost it and dumped another load in Chris's ass. The two of them rested on their sides as Cliff's cock slowly deflated and slipped from Chris's asshole. By the time they were ready to get out of bed the semen had dried on Chris's body. They both showered but remained naked in the motel. 

It was dinner time so they grabbed a bite to eat at the nearby diner. After dinner they went back to the motel as Chris was anxious for more of Cliff's marvelous cock. Chris was taken with Cliff's impressive cock and he spent a lot of time kissing it and licking it keeping Cliff hard. Cliff was now ready to fuck Chris and he told Chris to get on all fours. Cliff got his lotion from the bathroom and greased up his cock. Then he greased up Chris's asshole and he marveled at the shapely ass on Chris's smaller frame. Cliff observed again that Chris's skin was tan all over except for his lily white ass. Chris looked good on all fours as he waited for Cliff's cock to penetrate his ass. Cliff took his time lubricating Chris's ass and he liked the submissive posture that Chris presented. Chris had his head down on his hands which were folded on the bed. Chris's ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape of his ass. Chris looked perfect and he presented exactly the image that Cliff liked to fuck.

Cliff moved close and slowly eased his cock into Chris's ass. Chris groaned slightly with the penetration and his sphincter stretched once again to accept the big cock. Once past the sphincter Cliff fucked Chris slowly until Chris's ass opened up and he was once again able to take the big thick cock. Cliff then picked up the pace and soon his hips were slamming into the lovely Chris. Chris's curvy ass would jiggle each time Cliff thrust into it and Cliff loved the effect. Cliff felt his orgasm building again and he knew that he would dump a much smaller load in Chris's ass. Chris felt Cliff's body stiffen and make one final thrust as Cliff buried his cock in Chris's ass. Then Chris felt cum ooze into him and he felt Cliff's cock throb within his rectum. Cliff was glad that he had been able to cum so much that day even though the last one was less than the others.

Chris's anal muscles involuntarily clenched and unclenched as they massaged Cliff's cock and drew every drop of cum from the shaft. Cliff kept pressed against his new lover and let his cock be milked dry. He had gotten lost in the moment as Chris's ass muscles tightened around Cliff's cock. Cliff then rolled to the side and his softening cock slipped from Chris's dilated asshole. They stayed in bed and Chris cuddled up to Cliff in a spoon position. Chris guided Cliff's arms around him and he could feel the large soft meat against his buttocks.

In the morning Cliff was awake first and he quietly got out of bed and went in the bathroom to pee and take a shower. Cliff was letting the warm water cascade over his body when Chris joined him in the shower. Cliff was glad to see him.

"Got room for me?" Chris asked.

"Plenty of room," Cliff replied.

The two of them then began to wash each other. Cliff washed Chris's body and paid particular attention to Chris's ass. Cliff stood behind Chris and washed Chris's chest and abs. Then Cliff's hands made their way down to Chris's ass. Cliff cupped the inviting buttocks in his hands as he soaped up Chris's ass. Then he fingered Chris's asshole and soaped up his own cock. Chris leaned forward slightly placing his hands on the shower wall and arched his back so that his ass pushed back toward Cliff. Cliff eased his cock into Chris's soapy asshole as he held onto Chris's hips.

Chris groaned seductively as the big dick entered his asshole. Cliff fucked him slowly and watched his cock slide in and out of Chris's shapely ass. Cliff was so turned on that he felt his orgasm building quicker then he planned. There was no stopping him and his balls tightened as he unloaded in Chris's ass. Cliff held onto to Chris's hips and drove his cock deep into Chris's asshole. Chris felt the hot cum fill his asshole to overflowing and instinctively used his sphincter muscle to milk Cliff's cock. Chris had wanted to feel Cliff's first load of the day in his ass and as expected Cliff flooded Chris's rectum.

Cliff stayed hard and kept fucking Chris. Cliff could feel his own semen surround his cock as he continued to fuck Chris's ass. Cliff sensed that he would stay hard and he was pleased that he could continue to fuck Chris's ass. Chris realized that Cliff would fuck him until he ejaculated again and Chris began to stroke his own cock. Chris that morning wished that Cliff would jerk him off while he fucked his ass. They got out of the shower and dried off before returning to bed.
