 So here I was. A few meters away from the entrance of Hump, one of the most popular nightclubs in the Village. I had already drank three shots of whiskey, and I was ready. I was ready for that experience I had wanted for so long... my first experience with a man.

As soon as I entered the club, a few things hit me: the music was loud, most people were drunk, and there were many pairs of eyes on me. Many guys were dancing in one section of the club. In another section, there were many nice tables with funky lighting, where I could see a few couples either talking, laughing, or making out. The sight of all those guys kissing or dancing made my cock twitch.

As I continued walking through the club, I felt observed. I mean, I was in good shape. I'm 5'10, about 150 pds, with dark black hair and blue eyes. I train everyday, so I'm quite fit. But to be honest, I felt like some of the guys saw me like a piece of meat. And I sort of liked it.

I sat down at one of the tables, waiting for the waiter to come and take my order. But instead of asking me what I wanted, he placed a glass of Scotch in front of me, he smiled and gave me a friendly pat on the shoulder.

"Rick sends his best regards, luv." And he pointed in the direction of a section at the far-end of the club. There, I could see a handsome and well-dressed man, sitting by himself at a table. I could tell he was important. The owner, maybe? So I looked in his direction, smiled at him, and he smiled back.

Over the next 45 minutes, the drinks kept coming. And all of them came from Rick. The last one was accompanied by a note : Come sit with me, baby. By that time, I was super tipsy. So it's with no hesitation that I walked towards Rick's table and sat besides him. He smiled at me.

"Hi baby, how are you? What's your name?"

"I'm Alexis. I want to thank you for paying for all of those drinks, Rick."

"Mmmm that's fine baby. Please call me Master Rick, luv." As soon as he said that, he put his arm around me, brought me closer to him, and pushed his tongue deep in my mouth. He surprised me. Never did I expect him to be so controlling, dominant. I kissed him back. At this time, I was so hard. And I felt his hand on my bulge. 

"You're a good little bitch, sweetie. All of those drinks weren't free sweetie. How will you pay those back sweetie? You don't need to answer. I'll answer for you sweetie. You'll pay back by being mine for the night. I'm the owner of this fine institution, and I have a plan for your tonight."

I felt like I didn't have many options. But that was ok. I wanted to be his. I wanted to be used. I was drunk, and I was finally living my dream. Master Rick unzipped his jeans, took his cock out, and pushed my head down under the table. 

"Suck this cock baby. Be a good cocksucker for Master." I couldn't believe it! I was about to suck my first cock, and it was fucking beautiful. About 8 inches. I kissed the tip, parted my lips, and was ready to take in my mouth. But then I felt his hand on the back of my head. He pushed it roughly. I was forced to take most of his cock in my virgin mouth, which made me gag.

"It's ok, boi. Sluts gag at first. You will learn to take cock. You will suck many cocks in my club baby." I was rock hard. My mind was racing. I loved having Master Rick's cock in my mouth, but I wasn't sure I was doing a good job. I wanted to be a good cocksucker for him. For some reason, I wanted him to be proud of me.

"You're doing great baby! What a good cocksucking slut you are." His words only made me more eager! I felt so fucking slutty. I sucked him good. I felt eyes on me - and yes, some guys were looking at us. There was even a guy at the table beside us who was openly stroking his cock.

"Keep going little whore. Master Rick is going to fill that slutty mouth. Are you ready for my seed sweetie?" And I was. I wanted his cum so bad. I felt him tense up. His body trembling. His hand pushing my face deep on his cock. And he came. He came so hard. It was hard for me to swallow all of it. I felt some of his precious seed leak on the sides of my mouth.

"Mmm good boi. I'm so proud of you. I'm not done with you sweetie. You're coming to the back room luv."

Master Rick helped me up, hugged me, and started kissing me with passion. This made me cum. Yes, I came so hard in my briefs - kissing him, my cum in both of our mouths, knowing I was responsible for his orgasm made me so fucking hot!

Master Rick put his cock back in his pants, took my hand, and led me to the back room. There was a bouncer guarding that area, but of course, as the owner, he had no problem getting through. What I saw when we got in was.... simply incredible. Almost every guy in here was naked. Some were kneeling, some were bent down or on all fours getting fucked, a few guys were kneeling in front of a few guys standing up, their cocks in their hands. I even saw a guy who was getting pissed on by 3 Black men. Master Rick told me to strip down, and get on all fours. He put a leather collar around my neck, and leashed me. I was so fucking hard.

Master Rick led me to one of the rooms. It was dark in there, but I could see that almost everything in the room was pink and purple. There was a pink leather couch, a pink carpet, mirrors on the ceiling, and photos of hot men on the walls. Master Rick led me to the middle of the room, and attached the leash to a post.

"You will only leave this room when I decide you are done baby. Your safe word is Amour. If you say that, I will come in and stop everything. Nod if you understand, little slut. I nodded. I couldn't believe what was happening. This was surreal. I had no idea my evening would turn into somekind of Literotica fantasy story! And then, Master Rick left. I was alone, on my knees, in the middle of the room. I could hear guys moaning all around me, in the other rooms.

I then saw two guys at the door. Both were Black (I had always fantasized of having a Black boyfriend - for real!). They both walked towards me. One of them started stroking his cock. The other looked down at me. I looked up and smiled, my body trembling.

"Open your mouth bitch." I did. And he spit in my mouth.

He then proceeded to push his cock in my mouth. And it was a huge cock (by my standards anyways!) Probably about 10 inches long, and quite wide. He started fucking my mouth hard and rough. I was gagging. Real bad. But I was still doing good. While I thought the other guy was still over me, stroking his cock, I felt hands on my ass. He was massaging my butt, parting my ass cheeks. 

"You're gonna take this Black cock deep in your tight pussy baby", he said. And he rammed it hard in my ass. No lube. He started to fuck me hard and rough, treating me like a good bitch.

I then realized that I was getting what I had read about recently... cocks in both holes. I was being spit roasted! And I fucking loved it!

I kept sucking the beautiful cock, and I realized that my gag reflex was actually going away. I was doing much better. But I had tears in my eyes. The other guy fucking my tight pussy was hurting me so much. I know it's weird, but I loved it. It hurt but I was loving every moment, every thrust. 

It was the guy fucking my mouth who came first. I was expecting him to cum in my mouth, but instead, he took his cock out and came hard all over my face. I had cum on my lips, cheeks, in my hair... even in my eyes! It smelled wonderful. I loved it. Not too long after, I heard the other moan hard. A few seconds later, he was filling my hole. I could feel his huge load of cum penetrate my bowels. He came, and came, and came. And then he pulled out. They then brought me to the corner of the room, where there was a ceramic floor (pink again!) with water drains.

They both had their hands on their beautiful Black Cocks. They pointed their dicks in my direction, told me to open my mouth, and started pissing. They pissed on my face, in my mouth, all over my body. Once they were done, they simply left the room. I was left there. Leashed. Full of cum and piss. And with mixed feelings. I was happy I had pleased them, but on the other hand, I felt used. But after all, wasn't this what I had been wanting so bad for so many years? Alone in the dark, in that pink room, I was starting to wonder what the rest of my life would be like. And then I saw three more guys at the door. I smiled. 

My night of being used was far from over, and my life as a slut was just starting.

About the author: I have a girlfriend - who lives with me. But my stories represent things that I desire, for real! As you may have guessed, important changes might be in store for this submissive male from the Great White North! ;)