 The next morning, I was really fucked up. My body was hurting and I was confused. In a way, I regretted what had happened the night before. What felt great last night seemed like a huge mistake today. It was 1 PM, and my mind was made: I was done with this. I would not go back to Hump tonight.

I took a shower, had lunch, and laid right back down on the couch. It was time to focus on something else. I turned on Netflix, and started watching Narcos. I needed to keep my mind off of what had happened last night. Time passed. This was binge-watching at its best! 

At 8:15PM, I received a text. It was Master Rick.

"You are supposed to be here already, sweetie. Guys are waiting for you. You had quite the impact last night. Word got around. Everyone wants you. Get here NOW."

I decided to ignore this message. I didn't want this life. I wasn't ready for such a commitment. Yes, last night was fun, in a way. I finally had the chance to live some of my deepest fantasies. But there's no way this could be my daily life! My body simply would not be able to take it.

At 8:30PM, I received another text. 

"Bitch. Get here now. You are costing me money. I need you here NOW!"

Again, I ignored his message. In a way, I felt bad. But I really needed to take control of my life. So I went back to binge watching my favorite series.

But at 9PM, there was a knock on the door. It took all the energy I had to get up and open the door. But as soon as I opened it, someone hit me hard on the head. A bag was put over my head. I was knocked unconscious. When I finally woke up, I was in a large SUV - a Suburban type. The hood was removed from my head, but my hands were tied. I had ducked tape on my mouth. My vision was blurry, but I could see at least four guys in the SUV. What the fuck was going on here?

The drive lasted at least 2 hours. I didn't know where we were, but the road was bumpy. I was very nervous. Having watched many criminal series, I was picturing the worst case scenarios. They were going to kill me. Maybe cut me into small pieces and feed me to the wolves? My heart was racing. Was I dreaming?

The SUV stopped. We were visibly deep in the country. The guys took me out, and brought me towards an old but very nice house. We didn't go in the main entrance. We went around the house, and headed towards what seemed like a guest house. One of the guys proceeded to unlock the door. We all went it.

Once inside, one guy started to undress me... completely. Another guy then put a collar around my neck and attached it to a leather leash. That leash was then attached to a post. And they left. I was there, in what seemed like an abandoned building, naked, collared, and attached to a post. What the hell was going on? Who were these guys? What was expected of me tonight?

It was really dark around me. But my vision was slowly adapting to the darkness. I could see that this building had at least four rooms. Two bedrooms, one bathroom and what seemed like an open room with couches, chairs and tables. From afar, I could see a pool. I could also see lights in what was probably the main building. Who lived there? Why was I here tonight? Did this have anything to do with Master Rick? Or maybe with the guys who fucked me in the alley?

I was so tired. But there's no way I could fall asleep. I waited. And waited. And waited. It had probably been 3 or 4 hours when the door finally opened. I heard footsteps. And a voice.

"Hi bitch. I hope you know why you're here." I recognized Master Rick's voice.

"Last night, you made a commitment. You were paid generously for your services. But you were also told that things were expected of you. You were supposed to be at work tonight. Clients were waiting for you. I was waiting for you. Because of you, I lost a lot of money tonight. This is simply not acceptable. Tonight, you will learn your place. You will learn that you no longer can make decisions about your destiny. I control your destiny. I decide everything. You belong to me. You have no rights. So you will stay here until that is clear, until you are not able to resist anymore."

I couldn't believe it. He was going to keep me captive? I was so confused. What this for real? I heard him get closer. He unzipped his jeans, and took his cock out.

"Suck it bitch. You will learn to be a good cocksucker. The only cock that you will suck for free is mine. I heard that you took cocks for free after you left the club last night. That is not acceptable. Cock equals money. Do you understand, you fucking whore?" And he pushed his cock deep in my mouth, making me gag real bad.

"You need to control this gag reflex, you whore. Good sluts don't gag!" He was pushing his cock deep in my mouth. He was really fucking my mouth hard and deep, just as if it was a pussy. His hands were behind my neck. He was so powerful. I felt so fucking vulnerable.

As he was still fucking my mouth, he started talking about his plans.

"Some sluts learn quickly. I thought you were one of those. I thought you were going to show up tonight and be a good whore. Others - and you are in this category - need to be broken first. They need to learn what they are. They need to be brainwashed. They need to learn their only purpose in life is to serve men. I will help you during this process baby. I will support you. I will make sure that you become the best bimbo slut in my club. Time will tell how long it takes you to learn your place, sweetie."

He kept fucking my mouth. I knew he was going to cum soon. At this point, I was wondering how long I would stay here? How long would this training last? Was he really able to brainwash me?

His body tensed up. He was going to fill me soon. I heard him moan. And he started shooting his load deep in my mouth. There was so much cum! I tried to swallow it all, and I managed to take most of it.

"Good slut! That is a step in the right direction. Swallow my sperm baby. During the next few weeks, you will learn to be an expert at being a good little slut. You will make me rich, baby. But first, you need to learn to obey. Don't forget: Master Rick makes all the decisions for you from now on. You are too weak to make those decisions by yourself. You need help from a real man. So abandon yourself to me. Let me take full control sweetie. I will let you rest for the night. But tomorrow, a few of my good friends will come over. They will use you in every way they want. Just like an open bar - for them. This will be good practice for your future, sweetheart. Sleep well, now."

My face was covered in cum. I was collard. I was leashed to a post like a dog. I was in the dark. I was now alone. I didn't know how long I would stay here. But I knew I only had one option if I wanted to get out of here soon: become the best slut Master Rick had ever seen.

About the author: I have a girlfriend - who lives with me. But my stories represent things that I desire, for real! As you may have guessed, important changes might be in store for this submissive male from the Great White North! ;)