 Author's Note: This story contains water sports, incest and unprotected sexual activity.

*****

It's Just Not Cricket 2: All Day Match

It had been a year since the last game of backyard cricket at my parents' place.

Somehow last year the friendly game between friends and neighbours had descended into an all-bloke fuckfest. Now me, the missis and the kid were back again for the Christmas holidays, and dad had promised me on the phone that he'd teed up an all-day match this year. I was pretty curious how that was gonna pan out in a house full of wives and kids, but the old man was crafty.

My folks lived at the end of a cul-de-sac backing onto a nature reserve, so the only neighbours they'd ever really interacted with were the houses to either side of them. The Coopers on the left and the Stones on the right. I'd grown up with Andy Cooper and Noel Stone my whole life, and even though we were all getting close to 30 now, every time we met up was like old times.

Andy was into bodybuilding, a lot like my old man. They even looked similar. A lot more than me and dad did, at least. I was tall and with my fair skin I was a bit more like Andy's dad, Charlie, who was a gruff bloke with silver hair (still some flecks of red in it) and a well-kept beard. The Stones on the other side were even paler than me, and both Noel and his dad Glenn had a moptop of blonde hair and a cheery disposition, even if they were a bit vague at times. Noel had started jogging since last year and he'd lost a lot of weight, going from pudgy to a bit more toned like his old man.

We arrived and settled in and then there were drinks and nibbles with the neighbours. About halfway through the champagne my old man announced that he had an early Christmas pressie for the wives and the kids- an all-expenses paid trip to a day spa with its own babysitting centre attached. It was a little out of town, but we would take them all to the train early the next morning and they could enjoy a day of being pampered. As the women all went on about it my dad caught my eye and gave me a wink.

Sure enough, the next morning we loaded up the girls and the kids and waved them off at the train station. Driving back to dad's place the excitement was palpable and the erections were pretty obvious. We pulled the cars into the driveway and gathered in the living room, where dad had set up a make-shift scoreboard.

"Right you lot, we're gonna be more organised this year. One man from each side face as batter and bowler, first one to blow his load loses, then the next pairing step up. Clear?" he said, with complete seriousness, even while he started to take his clothes off.

We all nodded and began to undress.

"Also, this year, there's five rounds, not three. We have all day, might as well use it." He remarked, dropping his shorts and letting his thick, short cock jut out proudly.

"Half an hour to get ready, then meet out the back. Go!" he concluded.

I wasn't sure what I needed the half hour for, but some of the blokes took an extra shower and there was some lube on the table out the back. I smeared some on and in my arsehole just in case.

We finally gathered, starkers, out the back in the sunshine. Dad had gone all out, he'd got us all bucket hats- three green and three yellow- to mark the teams we were on. As I was the reigning champion from last year I got to select my teammates, and I got to wear the coveted red bucket hat from the previous year.

I ended up choosing Charlie and Andy. Partly because I knew Charlie gave amazing rimjobs and Andy, with his muscles and his looks, could probably make the other side cum faster. But partly because I was eager for a couple of cracks at my old man. I'd had him last year and it had woken up a frenzy in me to plug his furry pucker again.

With the teams declared we gathered around our makeshift cricket pitch. We flipped a coin for who would bat first. It went to the Gold Team, the other guys. They'd chosen Glenn as their captain, so he had first choice of our side. He picked me.

First Innings

Glenn and I stepped into position facing each other, both hard as a rock.

"G'day Timmy." Grinned Glenn, fondling his long, pale meat.

"Ready for this?"

"I think so, Mr. Stone." I grinned back. As batsman, Glenn could stick whatever he wanted wherever he wanted, and I was up for whatever challenge he had in mind.

Turns out what he wanted was a blowjob. Sinking to my knees, I took his considerable shaft in my mouth, cupping his balls at the same time. He placed both hands on the back of my head and made long, deep passes into my mouth. This was the only man-sex I had all year but I had done a bit of research and watched a lot of porn, so I had a few tricks to try.

As Glenn kept up his steady rhythm I suddenly began to suck hard and fast. His body trembled from the intensity and I moved my hand from his nutsac to his arse. Like me, he'd pre-lubed. I gently teased his hole with one finger, pulling back my mouth so only his engorged cockhead was on my lips. Then, in one swift motion, I drove my head forwards until my nose was against his blonde pubes and shoved my finger deep into his hot arse at the same time. Glenn was no match for it, blasting his first mighty load down my throat.

I swallowed as much as I could, spitting the rest onto the grass beside me.

"Easy." I remarked, winking at Glenn. He looked defeated but not exactly unhappy. We left the pitch together to make room for the next pairing.

Next up was my dad, Ross, and Charlie. Like I said, the old man was clever, and knew he didn't have to stick his cock into Charlie, he could use anything. Turning him around, the old man bent Charlie forwards slightly and began to lick and kiss and lap at his sphincter. Charlie moaned and stroked his chest. As we took in the sight, Charlie's son Andy leaned over to me and remarked:

"It's a bit like watching you and me in twenty years time."

"Fuck, I hope so." I replied, never taking my eyes off the sight.

My old man was gentle, then intense, then pulled back, then dove in, just passionately working Charlie's arse for all it was worth. Eventually Charlie couldn't help himself, and moved his hand to his throbbing, veiny cock. Three quick strokes and he was gone. Win to my dad.

The final match was Noel and Andy. Noel was batting, and he did not fuck around. As soon as they were on the pitch he grabbed Andy's cock.

"On your back mate." He said.

Andy did as he was told and Noel, still with a firm grasp of Andy's prick, pushed his own hardened knob against Andy's back entrance. Noel was hung like his dad, that is to say he had some length on him, and when he sunk in Andy let out a yell.

"Fuck!" he exclaimed.

"Oh I intend to." Laughed Noel, who began pistoning away rapidly into Andy's slick arsehole.

It was a fast, raw, intense fuck, and the two blokes maintained eye contact the whole way through. It was hard to tell who was going to lose it first, but eventually Andy cried out again and shot rope after rope of sticky white fluid over himself. Noel pulled his cock out and displayed it to us all.

"No cum. I win." He said.

Dad had brought the scoreboard outside. He put a green piece of cardboard under the box marked "First Innings."

"Alright, quick break for morning tea and a dip in the pool, then back here in half an hour." He said.

Innings 2

Second innings kicked off with a bang. As captain of the batting side I got to step up first. I picked Noel. No banter, no cheek, I just spun him around and rammed it in him. He cried out at first, called me a prick, but eventually I got him relaxed and on the grass on his hands and knees, begging me for more. He was furiously whacking himself off with one hand and when I grabbed him by his hair and really rammed it home he starting pulling so hard his arm was a blur. I felt him suddenly stop and his ring squeezed around my rod.

"Fuck you're good mate." He panted, dropping his load onto the pitch.

Next up was Charlie and Glenn. Anyone there who wasn't hard at that point certainly boned up fast watching those two. Charlie, lying on his back, deliberately in the pool of jizz Glenn's son had just unleashed. Glenn, straddling him, rolling his hips back and forth as Charlie's thick meat disappeared and emerged from between his arse cheeks. Glenn's rocking motion was slow, almost tender, and at one point the two men entangled their fingers and Glenn leaned in for a deep, slow, kiss. As they pulled apart Glenn whispered something to Charlie the rest of us couldn't hear, but it seemed it was just the right words, because Charlie pulled him in close and tight. As he did, Glenn lifted himself forwards so that Charlie's knob popped out of his arsehole and the rest of us witnessed it spurting its giant fountain of cum up Glenn's back and down his arse. The two shared one last peck on the lips then hopped up and made way for my dad and Andy.

"That was really romantic you two." Said dad as he made his way to the pitch.

"Fuck off." Growled Charlie, but I could see he had a wry smile on him.

Andy laid my old man on the ground and at first I thought we were gonna be three for three for fucking this time. But instead he spun himself around and began to 69 with the old man. The two of them kept up a fairly steady pace. My dad ran his hands all along Andy's back and grasped his thick arse cheeks and legs, kneading the younger man's muscles. Suddenly he let go of Andy and flung his hands down either side of him on the grass. He arched his back and tried to moan while he still had a mouthful of Andy's schlong. Meanwhile, Andy's eyes suddenly went wide and he pulled himself off my dad's knob. A huge stream of cum stretched from his mouth to the old man's pecker. Andy was coughing and sputtering from the size of the load that had completely coated his mouth.

"Bloody hell, if we were giving points for volume..." remarked Glenn, watching his own flesh and blood try to spit out the huge amount of seed.

"But we're not, are we?" I said, slapping him on the arse and pointing to the scoreboard.

"Second innings goes to green."

Innings 3

By the time we got to 3rd innings the beer was flowing and the sun was high. I chose my dad, but he asked if we could go last as he needed a bit of a recuperation period, so I charitably passed off to Glenn and Andy first.

The two men pulled up some of the lawn chairs onto the pitch and sat facing each other. Glenn's goal this time was just to trade hand jobs and maybe a bit of arse fingering, see who could last longer when a hot wet hole wasn't involved. We cheered and shouted from the side-lines, trying to distract and encourage, but ultimately Andy's youth and enthusiasm was his undoing, and he shot a long stream of cum onto the grass.

The action switched to Charlie and Noel. Recreating some action from the previous year, Noel moved Charlie off the pitch to near the pool. As he reclined on the pool chair, his lengthy member pointed up to the sky, Charlie straddled him and slowly impaled himself onto the young man's penis. Last year Charlie hadn't even managed to get all of Noel in him before he blew, but he took it slow and even, eventually getting the full length of it inside himself. The two stared at each other, looking determined to make the other man blow first.

After a period of silence and almost no movement, Noel spoke up.

"I really need to piss." He said, stonefaced, then started to laugh.

"Who's stopping you?" said Charlie, raising one eyebrow and smirking.

Noel stopped laughing.

"Seriously?" he said.

"It took me five minutes to get on this thing, I'm not getting off just for that." Charlie shot back.

We gathered around, curious. Would Noel actually do that?

The two men, still locked together by Noel's cock, stared at each other. Slowly, Noel's face softened, and a look of relief passed over him.

"Haha! Fuck! I can't believe you did that!" Charlie exclaimed, rising up off Noels' knob. We could all see the stream of urine passing from Noel's still-hardened piece, splashing against Charlie's arse.

"Why'd you get off mate?" laughed Noel, still pissing.

"Ungh...because...of this..." Charlie said, yanking at his excited member as he unleashed his load all over Noel.

Once he was spent, Charlie leaned in close to the young blonde's face.

"You are a dirty fucker." He said.

Noel just laughed.

The unexpected water sports seemed to have reawakened my father's lust. We had our session on one of the chairs still on the pitch. Dad sat down and I went to sit on his cock. I was confused and surprised when instead he took me with his rough hands and bent me over his knee.

"If we're all being kinky this round..." he said.

WHAM! His open palm came down hard on my bare cheeks. I yelled out in pain and surprise.

WHAM! He did it again.

"SHIT! Come on Dad, that hurts!" I yelled. I tried to get up but he pushed me back into position.

"Then why are you hard?" he asked. He was right, my cock was still stiff, pushing against his thigh.

"I...um..." I trailed off.

"Is it because I'm so hot?" he asked.

"You wish..." I started to mouth back, when WHAM! The palm came down again.

"Is it?" he asked again.

"...yes." I replied. That seemed to be what he wanted to hear.

His palm came down again, but slowly, gentle, caressing my sore cheeks. His middle finger dipped into my arse.

"Tell everyone. Tell them how hot your dad is." He said, working his finger in and out.

"He's so hot...I just wanna fuck his arse and suck his cock..." I was rambling and bucking back and forwards on my father's finger, my cock rubbing against his thigh with each pass.

"Keep going." He said, picking up the pace of his fingering.

"I want him to fuck me hard in the arse for everyone to see...ah!" A spasm gripped me and I shot my load over his legs. I lay nestled against him for a moment, then realised the yard had gone quiet. I looked up into the stunned faces of the rest of the fellas. Every single one of them was watching us and brandishing a giant boner.

"Fuck. That was the hottest thing I've seen all day." Said Glenn admiringly.

"Forget the bloody rest period, let's bring on the 4th Innings!" he declared. Nobody argued. My dad quietly put the gold card under the 3rd innings slot on the board.

Innings 4

We got back into our pairs from the 1st innings, but with the roles reversed. I pounded Glenn's mouth for all it was worth, dumping my load in two seconds. I didn't care, I was so turned on by the previous round I just had to get a load off. Easy win for him.

Charlie, king of eating arse, lay down and let my old man squat on his face. Dad seemed to be loving it but was holding off, while Charlie was unable to keep his hands off his own cock. I thought we were gonna lose this one for sure until dad and I locked eyes. He looked at me with a heavy lust, which I returned with a cheeky wink. He wrapped his hand around his cock and wanked himself to completion, keeping his eyes locked on mine. Win for Charlie.

Finally, Andy got his revenge on Noel, giving him a swift and hard fuck. The muscle man had the young blonde on his back on the grass, beads of sweat forming on his forehead as he drove himself deep inside, over and over again.

"Yeah mate, give it to me, give it to me." Noel kept chanting. We could all tell from the display that Andy had forgotten he wasn't supposed to come. The bloke erupted into Noel's guts with a mighty roar. Looking up at us, still inside his mate's hole, he shrugged.

"Sorry lads, the dude's got a tight arse." He said.

"The score sits at two all!" said dad, updating the score board.

"Beers and lunch, then the tie breaker." He grinned.

Break

Me and Charlie sat on the lawn chairs having a beer and watching the rest of the blokes as they got the barbecue going. We talked about nothing in particular until I asked what was on my mind.

"So you, my dad and Glenn have been doing this for a few years yeah?" I asked.

"Well not this "cricket competition" stuff, but the sex? Yeah, we've been rooting." He replied casually.

"Right. So when you guys root...is it always this intense? Like, the stuff with you and Glenn in the 2nd innings, and me and my dad just then..." I ventured.

Charlie looked thoughtful, then sighed and gave a little half-smile.

"Mate, I've known these blokes your whole life. We're close. Nobody's getting gay romantic feelings or anything, but we're friends, we're family. There's gonna be some intensity." He replied.

I thought about his words and sipped my beer.

"We all like a bit of cock, clearly, but nobody's about to declare undying love here. Just relax and trust your mates, we've got your back." He said, giving me a friendly pat on the leg as he stood up. 

Dad had called for the fifth innings, time to go trust my mates.

Innings 5 

Like last year, the tie-breaker was a last man standing scenario with everyone starting at the same time. We were each paired up with our dads to start, but as soon as someone blew they were out and the dad or lad was free to move on to another person.

As my dad and I squared off he looked at me appraisingly.

"You ok buddy?" he asked.

"Yeah dad, I'm fine. Last round was a bit intense but, uh, I meant what I said." I replied.

Dad grinned.

"Well alright then, let's get to it."

My dad took me in his arms and laid me on the grass. I felt him pushing against my opening and readily took him in, spreading my legs to give him access. As he filled me up we started to passionately kiss. His thrusting picked up intensity and I started to masturbate furiously.

"Yes dad, yes, fill me up..." I moaned.

"You're so tight son, you feel so good..." he moaned back.

Suddenly his fucking was urgent, frantic, he pounded me like a man possessed.

"I'm close...I'm close..." he whispered.

"Me too. I'm cumming!" I cried as I blasted off. As I came back down to earth, I realised my dad hadn't blown his load.

"Dammit." I grinned.

"Pretty sneaky, old man, making me think you were almost there."

"Oh I was son, I was real close. But you got there first." He grinned back.

I moved up to the chair and watched the rest of the innings unfold.

Noel and his dad were on the ground, with Glenn riding his son cowboy-style. He'd learned a thing or two, as the older man was freely pissing on his progeny, who was laughing as the piss splashed on his chest.

My father passed them and went on to Charlie and his son. Charlie and Andy were in a similar pose to Noel and Glenn, with Andy riding his father's cock while Charlie lay on the grass. My dad came up behind Andy and started rubbing his fingers around the young man's hole, manipulating Charlie's dong at the same time. I watched as he moved his own member towards Andy's ring. Surely not, I thought, he couldn't...

But he was. Slowly, my old man worked half his length into Andy's already-occupied arse, so that the young bodybuilder had not only his own father's cock in him, but also my father's. Charlie didn't last long in this configuration, quickly blowing his load into his son, who in turn came hands-free all over his old man. The pair both came and sat next to me on the lawn chairs, a little stunned.

I had been so caught up in the action I was surprised when Noel came over and sat down too.

"Fuck, I missed it, what happened to you mate?" Andy asked.

"I saw you getting double-done by the old guys and I lost it!" Noel replied.

"So then there's only two left..." I said, turning back to see my dad and Glenn.

The two men walked towards each other. My larger, muscular father turned Glenn to face us. The pair were inches away for the rest of us, assembled around them like they were a sex show. Glenn, still standing and partially supported by my dad's large arm around his chest, received my old man's cock.
