 As he pressed his cock into me, I wondered what had happened to me. I had never had the urge to take a cock up my ass, yet for the third time in as many weeks, I was bent over getting dicked by my brother-in-law, Jeff, and enjoying it. And this followed months of sucking each other off. I consider myself straight and happily married. From talking to friends and reading stories, I had never understood how supposedly straight guys suddenly got the urge for cock; I always believed you either wanted it or you didn't. Though I can remember the events that brought us to this point, I can't say what changed in me. No part of me wants to be with other men and I would be offended if anyone asked if I were even slightly bi-curious. . I don't plan to seek out glory holes or have clandestine encounters with nameless men, however now I do enjoy having sex with Jeff. Not because there's anything wrong with being bi or gay, it's just not who I am.

Jeff and I grew up in the same rural small town and have known each other since middle school. We weren't close friends in the early years, barely acquaintances, but we knew each other. Sometimes our separate circles of friends would converge and we'd end up hanging out together. After we graduated, I moved away for college before returning home to start my career. During my absence, he had begun seeing my younger sister, Amy, and eventually they got married. He worked in his family's roofing business that was destined to be his and, more importantly, was a great guy, so our family was excited by the marriage.

Once I was back home, I got to know Jeff better and we became close friends. While I was dating, he and Amy would double with me a number of times, offering their advice on my potential mates. When I finally met Kate, I was surprised by how quickly she and Amy became friends. When I told Amy and Jeff I wanted to marry Kate, they had no reservations. Though I had other close friends, Jeff was my first choice to be best man at the ceremony. Kate and I moved into a house that was around the corner from Jeff and Amy and the four of us often found ourselves having dinner together or otherwise at each other's house. As the children came, we have basically raised them together. Kate and I now have a daughter that is 12, a son who just turned 10 and another son who is 8; Jeff and Amy have a single son who is 9. We take turns babysitting or hosting sleepovers to give each other couple's time and more often than not, we end up planning vacations together.

The first time Jeff and I were together was on a weekend trip. We had a group of friends who threw a bachelor party for another friend out in the big city and Jeff and I shared a hotel room. Needless to say there was a lot of drinking involved. The first night we each crashed into our separate beds and passed out after a long night of gambling and bar hopping. The next evening we spent going between a number of strip clubs. There were lots of lap dances and drinks flowed freely. In one of the clubs, we got a private room where some of the guys got more than a dance.

"Man, I am so fucking horny right now," Jeff said as we sat on the couch back in our room. We were both beyond drunk and it was a good thing we didn't have far to walk from our last club.

"Me, too. I can't believe James got that one girl to give him head. I haven't had that in months."

"I know. Amy refuses to do it. I haven't had a blowjob since I met her. Hey, don't get all big brother on me," he said in response to my glare. "I'm not saying anything bad about her. You know I love her more than anything and would never cheat on her but that looked like water to a man in the desert."

I laughed. "I agree. I'd do almost anything for a mouth on my dick."

"Aw, fuck this." Jeff fumbled with his fly and it took me moment to catch on to the fact that he wasn't stripping for bed but to free his dick. "I gotta bust a nut or I'm not getting any sleep tonight."

"That sounds good." I struggled with my own pants for a moment before I was able to free my own erection. Finally bottomless, I sat back down and thought it would be less awkward if we had some porn to watch. I glanced at the end table next to me as I said, "You seen the remote? I want to find - Damn, man," I broke off looking to Jeff's side of the couch and catching sight of his cock. "No wonder you can't get head. There can't be a mouth big enough to take that."

Rising from his untrimmed bush was a cock larger than anything I had ever seen. It looked like it would easily dwarf even the most well-hung porn stars. With an upward banana shaped curve, it widened gradually from the already massive uncut tip to a thicker base. I watched as he wrapped a hand near the root and pulled down, fully exposing the moist helmet. "Ain't that big," he said.

I looked down at my own six-incher then back at his. "The fuck it's not. What is that...11 or 12 inches?"

"Eleven and three-quarters." His voice was laid back as he slowly stroked himself.

"Unfuckingbelievable. It's a wonder you can find a pussy to take that."

He looked at me out of the corner of his eyes and smirked. "I don't think you really want to have that conversation but there's a reason why we only have one kid."

"You're right, I don't want to talk about it," I said quickly, remembering he was married to my sister. "But I have to say I don't blame her for not sucking you off."

"Not only will she not suck me off, we barely fuck. Says I'm too big."

"And you think you're not?" I asked incredulously. Without thinking I reached out and grabbed his cock. I was not surprised when my fist could not close around it and spent a moment running my hand up and down the shaft. I took in the feel of the girth holding my hand open and how long it took my hand to glide up toward the tip. As my hand moved back down, I could feel the power of it, the steely hardness beneath the velvety skin. There were three large veins running its length and I could even feel their ridges rising from the surface. "This thing is huge."

"Uh, dude. What are you doing?" Jeff asked uncomfortably.

I snatched my hand back. "Sorry. I've only ever felt one dick in my life and was just curious how it compares."

"Well?"

"What?"

"How does it compare?"

"I can say it's definitely bigger. I'll stick with mine, though. It fits my hand better." I made a show of how my fingers met around my shaft as I stroked it.

Jeff laughed at my joke.

We sat in silence for a few moments, each of us stroking our own dick. The remote forgotten, we mostly stared at the blank screen but occasionally glanced sidelong at each other.

"Not that I liked it," Jeff said quietly. "But having another hand on my cock felt good. It's been so long since I've had anything but my hand it got me even hotter. What I wouldn't give for a mouth on me."

"You'd need a snake for that," I commented.

"What the hell are you talking about?"

I explained, "Someone who can unhinge their jaw. That fucker is big."

Jeff grabbed his cock at the base and held it at an angle to examine it. "Yeah it's long but it's not that wide. Besides, I don't want anyone to try to swallow it; I'd be happy with a tongue on the head."

"Shit, even that would be a challenge," I scoffed. "I could barely close my fist around it and I'm not a small guy. I couldn't imagine trying to get that knob in my mouth."

At 36 years old, I stood 6' 2" and weighed 150 pounds. Even though Jeff was the same height, he was 180 pounds of work-toned muscle and his presence often made others believe he was taller than me. Where I was dirty blond and mostly hairless, he had dark hair covering his body. His face often sported a full beard, though occasionally he'd trim it down to a bushy moustache and goatee during the hotter months.

"I'm not that much bigger than you." He held up his hand and indicated he wanted me to raise mine to compare. "See. Our hands are about the same size."

"That might be true," I conceded, "but your cock is almost twice the size of mine."

"But you said you couldn't fist it and I'm calling you out on it."

Looking back it's easy to see this drunken argument was the beginning of the end.

"You calling me a liar?" I asked feeling irrationally angry.

"I guess I am."

I grabbed his cock again, this time with both hands. "See." I left the couch and kneeled between his legs so he could see my hand placement. "I can't close my hands around it." The crown and about two inches of his shaft were still visible and he easily closed his fist around it. I was too drunk to realize I was holding the thickest part of his dick while he held the narrowest point. "Your hand has to be bigger."

"Ok," he said grudgingly. "Maybe it is. But I bet you could fit the head in your mouth with no problem."

"Fuck that. I'm not sucking your dick."

"I'm not asking you to suck it. I just want to see if it'll fit."

"Why?"

"'Cause if you can do it, there's no reason why Amy can't."

"Oh." The drunken logic made sense to me. I raised up slightly and pulled his dick toward me. Opening my mouth to its widest, I lowered my head and felt his glans just graze my teeth. I felt spit running down my mouth and instinctually closed my lips and swallowed to prevent it from dripping out. I pulled up, keeping my mouth lightly suctioned to him to clean my spit off. In the process, I ended up getting some of his precum on my lips and licked it off. I was surprised to find that, though the slick texture was questionable, the flavor wasn't too bad.

"Damn, dude," he said after letting out a breath he had been holding. "I can't believe you did that."

"Neither can I. Guess it's not as big as I thought." I felt a slight pride at being able to mouth it.

"Not that, though it was awesome. You sucked my cock then ate my precum."

"Oh. I did, didn't I?" I devolved into a small fit of drunken giggles. "I've never done that before and, honestly, it wasn't too bad."

"Really? I can't imagine sucking a cock. What did it taste like?"

"Just salty, like sticking a finger in your mouth. The precum was a little bitter but ok. You want to try mine?"

"I don't know..."

I stood up in front of him and pointed my smaller dick at him. "Just try it. I'm not as big as you so it's not like you're going to choke or anything."

Jeff reached out to fist my dick. "Ok. But don't tell anyone."

"Who am I going to tell?"

With a shrug he hesitantly took my shaft into his mouth. I moaned openly as I felt the wetness surround me. His tongue played with my slit for a moment gathering my own fluid from the source before he pulled off. "Ok. Not as bad as I thought. Can't imagine actually craving it but I didn't hate it."

"Exactly." I sat back on the sofa next to him and we returned to our slow stroking.

"If I sucked you off, would you suck me off?" Jeff asked after a few minutes of silence.

"Um, I don't know."

"Come on. We've already had each other's dicks in our mouths and know it wasn't bad. We're both horny for a blow. Let's just do it. Just this once."

"Ok."

It took us a while to determine who was going to go first. After a bit of arguing and drunken deal making, we decided to move to a bed and lay on our sides in a 69 position. I laid my head on his hairy, lower leg and took his cock into my mouth as he did the same to me. While I was not necessarily deriving enjoyment from sucking him off, I found it hot for him to be sucking me off. I couldn't get much of him into my mouth but I worked what I could for as long as I could.

With a groan I woke up to find my head buried in his nutsack, his flaccid dick resting heavily on my chin. Apparently I had awaken him and we both rolled away from each other with pained groans. After gathering our bearings we stared at each other as the memory of the previous night came back to us. I couldn't remember, however, if either of us had reached orgasm before passing out. The biggest question for me, though, was if I had swallowed his load. In my mind, I could accept fellating him but swallowing was a boundary I didn't want to know if I had crossed. My mouth tasted like a jockstrap so there was no denying the blowjob. I took comfort in the fact that there were no other flavors or dried substances on my lips. Without a word, we started our day unwilling to discuss it.

Though we had fun with the group the rest of the weekend, the two of us were awkward when alone. This continued for a few weeks after we returned home. We tried to pretend to be normal however our wives noticed a change in us. When confronted by Kate, I could only respond that nothing bad had happened, there was no love lost. We just needed some time apart after sharing a room for the weekend. After all, what happens in Vegas...

It took a few days of our wives pushing us together for us to get over ourselves. We quickly fell back into our normal rhythms as if nothing had happened and I put the event out of my mind.

"Can you believe that play?" Jeff screamed at the end of the first quarter.

We were at his house watching a football game. Our wives had taken the children out to dinner and a movie so we would be left alone for most of it. During the break we talked about the game for a bit as we refilled an ice bucket with beer.

"I don't regret what we did," he said during a lull in conversation.

I was speechless. Following rules established in the man code, I had vowed to forget about what happened and never bring it up. Jeff, however, obviously read from a different rule book.

"In fact," he continued, "I kinda wouldn't mind doing it again."

"What?" I looked at him in surprise.

"Calm down, man," he said as we returned to our seat. "I'm not going gay or anything. What you were doing felt good to me and I'm sure you could say the same. The more I think about it, it's just a blow job. It's not even having sex. No one's going to get pregnant. It's just a way to get off, no different than jerking off if you think about it, and plenty of straight guys have circle jerks and shit. I don't get it often from Amy and while I'm ok taking care of myself, it would be awesome if we could take care of each other. It's not like we're doing it because we like dick, we just like getting blow jobs and this way we both get something out of it."

"I don't know." Though the logic was there and the idea sounded good I wasn't convinced.

"Ok. Just think about it."

In the process of turning back to the TV, I glanced down at his crotch and saw the obvious outline of his semi against the loose basketball shorts he was wearing. Apparently I lingered too long as I heard him clear his throat to get my attention. I looked back up as he said, "Your choice."

Shaking my head in disbelief, I turned back to the TV and tried to refocus on the game. Just the idea of what he had suggested had gotten my juices flowing and I could feel my own dick slowly hardening. He leaned forward to grab some chips before sitting back and sliding down slightly. In the process of adjusting his position, he raised his hips drawing attention back to his growing cock obscenely tenting the fabric in the crotch of his shorts. I moved my beer from one hand to the other, freeing up the one closest to him. As I lowered it, I placed it on his lower thigh. He responded by spreading his legs wider, touching our knees together. He then not so casually adjusted his cock to point toward the leg closest to me before placing that hand on the back of the sofa behind me.

As the game progressed, we sat in an uncomfortable silence, very aware of the sexual tension. My hand slowly made its way up the leg I was touching. Soon, it reached the opening in the leg of his shorts. Not far in, I felt the back of my hand hit the spongy head of his dick. I could feel the wetness of precum on my skin. With my hand shaking nervously, I wrapped it around the thick crown and held it for a moment. I heard him let out a sigh as he moved his hand and placed it to palm my own covered erection for a few moments before reaching into my shorts and stroking me.

"If we're going to do this, we should just do it," he said as halftime started. Pulling away for a moment, he pulled down his shorts freeing his curved cock.

I followed suit, sitting bottomless next to him.

We stared at each other uncomfortably for a few moments.

Because of my nerves, I felt that the best thing would be for me to just go for it. If I continued to sit there thinking about what I was about to do, I would never do it; if he went first, I didn't know if I could actually reciprocate. After taking a deep breath, I leaned over and took the head of his cock into my mouth.

"Oh, shit, you're doing it," he said heavily. He reached over to grab my cock and began to stroke it slowly.

As I mouthed his cock, I felt his foreskin slowly peel back as it extended to its full size. Tentatively, I tongued his piss slit and tasted the slickness of his precum. Figuring there was no way to stop now, I lowered my head slowly in an attempt to take more of him into my mouth.

"That's good, man," he said. "You're doing great. I'm gonna do the same - Shit!"

I pulled back hearing the sound of the garage door opening. Like two teenagers, we quickly replaced our shorts and tried to sit casually as if we had not been doing anything. My own cock was easy to conceal in the folds and waistband of my shorts. His, however, could not be so easily hidden. Ultimately, he pointed it back down the leg of his shorts and covered it with a magazine and the bowl of chips as it softened.

Amy walked in with their son and told us he had gotten sick at the restaurant. Kate had returned home as well.

"Unbelievable," Jeff muttered after they left the room. "The ultimate cock block."

"Sorry," I said with a shrug.

We resumed watching the game with a sense of disappointment, knowing there was no way anything else was happening.

"Maybe another time?" He asked hopefully as I was leaving.

"We'll see," I said. Though I had put his dick in my mouth twice now, I still wasn't keen on the idea of sucking him off.

That night, driven by lingering horniness, I fucked Kate needing to get off. My balls were aching from the built up load and I needed the release. As we went at it, my mind kept straying back to Jeff's huge cock and how it felt in my mouth. I could still taste him on my tongue and as I unloaded into Kate, I wondered if he would expect to shoot in my mouth and if I'd let him.

"My balls hurt like hell," Jeff said to me the next evening. He had come over for dinner because Amy had not cooked anything while she was tending to their flu-sickened child. We were on my back porch having an after meal beer.

"I'm sorry. Kate got it good last night."

"Lucky bastard," he muttered. "I tried to get Amy to give me a handjob and she flew off the handle. I didn't dare try to take care of it myself after that."

"Think you'll have better luck tonight?"

Jeff cut his eyes toward me and smirked. "I do. Feel like going for a walk."

There was no hiding his intent and though I was nervous, I felt like I owed it to him. I had started sucking him off but didn't finish and if that had happened to me with no chance for release afterward, I would be moody to say the least.

I gave him a nod before going to tell Kate we were going to go for a walk. It wasn't out of the ordinary for us to stroll the neighborhood so she didn't think anything of it. I met Jeff at the front of the house and we set off in silence. Our community had a small park and playground that we made our way toward. Unlit at night, it was the perfect place for us to go. We headed toward a bench in the center that because, even with the thin moonlight, the darkness was so deep we knew we would not be observed easily.

As we approached the bench, I could hear him opening his khaki shorts. I glanced over and could just make out him slowly stroking himself. My own cock hardened instantly seeing him walking with his cock out. It was the first time I had seen him standing with his erection and, even in the dim light, it looked larger than I remembered.
