 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

I opened my eyes to the bright morning sun filtering through the blinds of my bedroom window. Stretching, I felt my throbbing morning wood press against the sheet that was covering the lower half of my nakedness. I reached down and gave it a rub over the sheet, smiling as the dream about my neighbor Jacob hazily came back to me. He was a few years younger than my dad and was sexy as hell. Jacob was tall with dark brown, almost black, hair that was a stark contrast to my own sandy blonde mop. I imagined his strong arms taking hold of me, pulling me tight into his well-muscled, hairy chest. My tongue lapped at his nipple as his hand traveled down my back and over my ass, sliding a single finger between my cheeks until its tip rested on my hole. 

I threw the sheet off and ran my hand down through the soft hairs of my chest and stomach, rubbing my neatly trimmed but ample bush before taking hold of my cock. I spread my legs, working my right nipple, as I increased the intensity of my stroking. After a few minutes, I could feel my balls tighten and my climax building. In my mind, I was on all fours while Jacob was plowing into my hungry hole from behind, grunting with each thrust. 

I felt my cock swell, ready to explode, as Jacob pumped his load into my waiting ass but was quickly ripped from my fantasy by the sound of the bedroom door opening. I froze, opening my eyes only to meet my dad's gaze. He stood in the doorway, hand on the doorknob, with his mouth slightly agape. 

My hand was stopped mid stroke, and we stared at each other for what was only a couple of seconds, but felt much longer; him in jeans and a t-shirt, me naked and spread with my hand on my throbbing cock. My face flushed. "I, uh," he whispered, hoarsely. His words broke my paralysis and I moved just slightly, eyes still locked on his. That slight movement was enough to send me over the edge. No, no, no, I thought as I felt the building tingle of orgasm, but it was too late. I felt my cock spasm, followed by ropes of cum splattering my abs and chest, while my dad slowly backed into the hall and pulled the door closed. 

"Shit," I whispered, letting go of my deflating cock. Dad just saw me completely naked and worse, saw me shoot my load. I was so humiliated. How was I ever going to face him again? I could feel my cum starting to run down the side of my body toward the bed so I grabbed my t-shirt off the floor and mopped up the impressive load from my chest and stomach. Swinging my legs over the side of the bed, I hunched over face in my hands, elbows on knees. I'm never coming here again, I thought to myself. Since I had turned eighteen a few months ago, the visitation order was no longer in effect so that could very well be a possibility. I could just spend the rest of the summer at mom's before leaving for college.

I grabbed my phone and shot a text to my friend, Matt. 'Hey,' I typed.

'What's up?' He replied

'My dad just caught me jerking it.'

'No way!!'

'Yeah.'

'I wouldn't mind if he caught me. Your dads hot!!'

'Gross.'

I put the phone down. Matt was right. My dad was pretty good looking for his age- strong shoulders, light brown hair and a neatly trimmed beard. We had the same bright green eyes and similar builds, but he was just a bit taller. However, the fact that my dad was attractive didn't make me feel any less embarrassed. Now if it had been Jacob that walked in on me...

I managed to avoid my dad as I got myself ready for the day, but knew I would have to face him sooner or later. I took a deep breath and walked down the stairs and into the kitchen. My dad was at the table focused on his laptop, taking a sip from his coffee mug. I quietly went to the cabinet, retrieved a mug and poured myself some coffee.

"Hey, Justin," he said, brightly.

"Hey," I replied, my back still to him. I could feel heat rising under my cheeks.

"Got any plans today?" he asked, in the same tone as before.

"Not really," I muttered, taking a sip of coffee and heading toward the living room.

"Wait a minute," he said. "Come over here."

I stopped, rolling my eyes before turning around. I met dad's gaze again. He smiled as he removed his glasses, motioning toward the chair across from him. I stomped across the room and seated myself at the table.

"Look, I'm sorry I barged in on you this morning," he said, sincerity in his eyes. "I thought you were still sleeping. I should've knocked."

"Yeah. It's okay," I mumbled, even though it really wasn't. 

"No it's not okay. I mean, what I did wasn't okay. There was nothing wrong with what you were doing."

"Dad!"

"Hey, we all do it. Your grandpa caught me masturbating once."

"What?" I felt my cock begin to stir. 

"Yeah. I was about your age and was out in the shed one spring. I didn't hear him coming and got caught red handed."

I chuckled a bit. "In the shed?"

"Yeah, well I shared a bedroom with your uncle and we only had one bathroom so that was the most private place I could think of," he laughed.

"So what happened?" 

"He yelled at me, telling me what a disgusting boy I was and then it was hard manual labor for the remainder of the week."

"Geez. So is that what I have to look forward to?"

"Haha, no not at all. I just don't want things to be weird. You have nothing to be ashamed of, son."

"But you saw me naked!" I blurted out. The heat rising under my skin again.

"Yeah, so? You're not the first guy I've seen naked."

His matter-of-fact approach really wasn't helping. "I'm not just some guy. I'm your son and you're my dad."

"Yes, but at the end of the day we're both men. We have bodies and we shouldn't be ashamed of them."

"Easy for you to say. You weren't the one naked. I've hardly ever seen you without a shirt, let alone pants."

"I see. So would it help to level the playing field?" He asked, sitting back in his chair, crossing his arms.

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, would it help if you saw me naked? Then we'd be even."

What the hell? I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Was he really offering to get naked in front of me? The bulge in my pants continued to swell. "I'm not sure," was the only response I could muster.

Without saying anything, he stood up and unbuttoned his jeans, sliding them down to his ankles. Our eyes met, and my cock was now fully hard and struggling against my jeans. I shifted slightly in my seat as he grabbed the hem of his t-shirt and pulled it up over his head, revealing his well defined chest with a similar pattern of hair to my own, only a bit thicker. His pit hair was slightly damp and his small, pink nipples were erect. He tossed the shirt to the floor and my gaze immediately went to the bulge in his boxer briefs. He hooked his thumbs into the waistband and I looked back into his eyes. He paused for a second before bending over completely as his thumbs dragged his underwear to his ankles. I could feel my heartbeat accelerate, matching the throbbing of my cock.

He straightened his posture, giving me a clear look at his complete nudity. His thick, ample cock was resting against his low-hanging balls, surrounded by a thick patch of light brown hair that thinned as it traveled up his flat stomach. His breathing had accelerated and I could see a trickle of sweat running down his ribs from under his left arm. "There," he said, pulling me out of the haze. "Even?"

"I guess," I stammered, weakly, my mouth dry.

"Oh come on," he chided. "I've seen you naked and now you've seen me naked. Friends?"

"I was more than naked, dad," saliva returning to my mouth. "You saw me jerking off and cumming!"

"I see," he said. He took a breath and exhaled slowly, reaching his right hand toward his cock. He grasped it firmly and began to tug.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"Making things even," he replied with a grin. His cock was quickly filling out. "I used to jerk it with buddies when I was your age. It's no big deal." He continued stroking his cock in front of me until it was a fully erect seven inches in his hand. As I watched his rhythmic stroking, my own hand traveled to the bulge in my jeans. "Ah-ah-ah," he scolded with a grin, pausing his stroking. "It's my turn. Evening it out, remember?" I quickly moved my hand to my thigh as he resumed working his swollen cock.

After a few minutes, I saw his balls tighten and he leaned over the table, placing his left palm flat against the table top. I could feel precum wetting my underwear and thigh. His breathing grew deeper and after a few more strokes, he let out a low, deep moan as I watched cum shoot across the table from his swollen cock head. He shuddered as spasm after spasm produced thick ropes that landed with audible splatters. Once the orgasm ended, he was left hunched over the table gasping and shaking. Cock still in hand, He turned his head toward me and smiled, his pupils fully dilated in his glistening eyes. "There," he huffed. "We're even."