 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

It had been a week since my dad and I saw each other jerking off; him accidentally catching me followed by his more deliberate performance. Whenever I thought about our encounter, feelings of weird excitement pulsed under my skin. We both did our best to act normal, to act like nothing happened. Neither of us brought it up during our conversations, although I had to make a conscious effort to maintain eye contact with him when we spoke. My gaze would wander down his frame, picturing his nude body underneath his clothes. I swear there were a few times I was met with a knowing look when I would quickly snap my attention back to his face. 

I woke up early on Saturday morning, exactly one week after our "incidents" and decided to go for a run. Dad was still asleep as I pulled on my shorts and t-shirt, then quietly made my way downstairs, shoes in hand. The morning air was still cool but I still managed to work up a sweat as I jogged along the streets. I cursed myself for not wearing underwear as the sensation of cock slapping against balls and balls slapping against thighs gave me a bit of a rise. I had to slow down so as to not get a full on erection and give the neighbors a show, especially given the thin fabric of my running shorts. I glanced down and although my cock was only slightly swollen, it was easy to see the outline of it as it flopped around in my shorts. I looked around but the neighborhood was still asleep with no one in sight.

As I rounded a corner, I saw a car coming toward me that seemed to slow down as it approached. I soon recognized it as Jacob's, my hot neighbor, and gave a wave before realizing he probably was getting a nice view of my flopping manhood. My cheeks flushed and I quickly slowed to a walk in an effort to minimize my manhood's movement. Jacob must have taken this as a signal, because he rolled to a stop just as I was about to reach his car.

"Hey Justin," He said, smiling.

"Hey Mr. Kent," I replied leaning into the passenger window.

"Enough with the mister stuff. You're eighteen now, right? Call me Jacob." 

If he only knew I had been calling him Jacob for the past two years in my fantasies. "Uh, okay," I stammered. He was wearing a black hoodie that was only zipped halfway and no shirt underneath, leaving a good amount of his hairy chest on display. All I wanted to do at that moment was climb through the window and rub my face in it. 

"Didn't have you pegged as much of an early riser," he said, snapping me back to the moment.

"Yeah, I usually run in the evening but I couldn't get back to sleep this morning."

"Well, I won't keep you. Oh and Justin, it might be wise to wear underwear next time," he said with a wink. "Not that I mind, but some of the neighbors are prudes." With that we both looked at my crotch. "See ya later." And he drove off. I suddenly felt very naked and although I was blushing, my cock started to rise. 

I walked the rest of the way home, keeping an eye out for passersby. As I passed Jacob's house, I stole a quick glance but saw no sign of him. I slowed down a bit, imagining him calling to me from the door, inviting me in for a cup of coffee. We'd sit at the table making small talk until he asked me if I'd like to take a shower and rinse off my sweat. I would of course take him up on the offer, stripping out of my clothes right there in front of him. He would reach out, grabbing me by my hips, and make me straddle him as we began to makeout. But his door remained closed so I picked up my pace before my fantasy got the best of me.

As I opened the back door of my house, I could hear dad in the kitchen. "Hey, Justin," he said as I made my way to the fridge for a bottle of water.

"Hey, dad."

"Good run?"

"Yeah, it was okay."

He poured me a cup of coffee as I took a few big gulps from the water bottle. "Water first," I said between swigs.

"Of course. Looks like you worked up quite a sweat." 

I nodded. He picked up his coffee and headed to the laundry room. "Give me your clothes," he called from inside the room. I froze. Did I hear him right? "Uh, what?"

"I'm throwing in a load of laundry so give me your clothes."

I stood there, unmoving. Was he expecting me to strip down right in the kitchen? Essentially right in front of him? I put the water bottle down on the counter as I heard the washing machine start to fill. My heart began beating faster and my mouth went dry. I walked over to the laundry room door. I saw him throwing some clothes into the machine. 

"Seriously?" I asked.

He stopped and turned to me. "Your clothes are soaked with sweat and need to be washed. Take them off."

While part of me wanted to say 'no way,' another part was excited by the prospect. I looked him right in the eye, and pulled my shirt up over my head and tossed it to him. He caught it one-handed and dropped it into the machine. I did the same with my socks. All I had left between me and complete exposure was my shorts. Either one of us could've said 'that's enough,' but neither did. Holding his gaze, I pushed my shorts down my hips until they dropped to the floor, the cool air tickling my cock and balls. I kicked them up to my hands, and stood for a moment while his eyes broke contact with mine, traveling over my naked body. I watched as his mouth opened slightly while appearing to rest his gaze briefly on my swelling cock. I tossed my shorts at him but he made no effort to catch them. Instead, he stepped over them and slowly approached me.

"You really have grown into a handsome man," He said quietly. I remained silent as he tentatively reached a hand toward me. His breathing intensified, as did mine. He looked up at me and I simply looked down at his hand, watching as his fingertips gently mad contact with my chest. He ran them down through the soft, blonde hairs and over to my erect pink nipple. He circled it with his index finger and I let out a soft moan. With that, I felt my cock begin to grow. He pinched my nipple between his thumb and finger, rolling it around for a few seconds before moving his hand over to my bicep. Giving it a squeeze, he lifted my arm up and I complied by bending my elbow and placing my hand on the back of my head. He trailed his fingers down the inside of my bicep, through the damp hair of my armpit and down my ribs to my waist. My cock was now fully erect, its head touching his jeans.

With both hands now on my hips, he spun me around and pulled me against him, one arm across my chest with his hand tucked into my armpit and the other on my hip. He rested his chin on my shoulder as he moved his his hand from my hip toward the center of my waist. I could feel his warm breath on my cheek as he pushed on my lower abdomen, causing my ass to push further into the hard bulge of his jeans. I moved my hips slightly, grinding against him and moaned a little louder than last time.

His slid his hand down into my my pubic hair, rubbing just above the base of my cock. I let my head fall back and exhaled a long breath. I could feel my dad's heart beating faster against my back as he wrapped his hand around my stiff, throbbing cock. He squeezed it firmly and pulled the shaft. I could feel precum wetting the tip, imagining droplets hitting the floor, as he began to slowly stroke my cock.

"Mmmmm," dad moaned, the vibrations traveling across my shoulder. He began stroking me faster, my precum acting as lubricant. His hand felt so good on my cock as did having my naked body pressed against the fabric of his jeans and t-shirt. I was completely naked and exposed to him, and also completely at his mercy. 

"Does it feel good?' He whispered.

"Yes, dad," I exhaled.

"Good."

With every pump of my cock, I could feel myself getting closer and closer to orgasm. I didn't want it to end, but when he began rubbing and flicking my nipple with the thumb of one hand while expertly working my cock with the other, I knew I couldn't hold out much longer. Was I really going to cum in front of dad again? Embarrassment gave way to exhilaration at the thought of it. I began to buck my hips in rhythm with his strokes, my balls tightening.

"That's it, son. Let it go," he said in a deep voice. That sent me over the edge.

"Dad, I'm gonna cum."

"Yes, cum for me," he commanded, squeezing my nipple. 

We both looked at my my thick cock as he stroked out stream after stream of cum that splattered on the floor. His bulge ground into my ass as I thrust my hips, letting out a long, deep moan. I shivered intensely, my knees buckling but dad held me firm against him, keeping me from collapsing to the floor. When my cock was spent, he slowly but firmly ran his grip the length of my shaft, squeezing out the last bit of cum. We stood motionless except for our heavy panting, droplets of sweat running down my body.

"That felt great, dad," I said softly. Regaining my legs, I attempted to step forward. He held me firm and kissed my neck, sending goosebumps and a tingle I'd never felt before down my neck and shoulder.

"We're not done just yet," He whispered in my ear.