 Author's note.

There's a narrow line between being bi and gay and I am on that line. As are most of my stories so I am never sure what category they should be.

Hope I don't offend anyone.

*****

Bi, Gay or Fuck Knows What? It's the buzz that matters.

I visit a gay sauna and wow!

The building in Shoreditch in East London was a maze of different rooms set on three floors. But then I supposed it had to be for it needed to provide a wide range of facilities. Lounges, bars, showers, spas, sauna, steam room, cinema, quiet rooms, dark rooms and a pool. And, of course fairly small cell like rooms with padded benches and lockable doors.

I saw it advertised on the net when I was looking at some porn and had got into some gay stuff. I didn't think much more about it for a while. After all I'm not gay, I'm not someone who needs other men, and I don't need sex with men, do I? I just see it as sex, not bi or gay, just sex. Sex with cocks as opposed to tits and cunts.

That sort of familiar fog had come over me again. The fog that blurs my mind from time to time and has doen that more frequently of late. The sort where for no logical reason, I suddenly do want sex with men. I do want to go out on a limb, push my boundaries out and have some form of 'sex with cocks.'

That's probably why I found myself paying the fifteen quid entrance fee to the 'Gay Sauna' as it was, rather unnecessarily I thought, described one afternoon. I was given a key to a locker and two towels. The black guy on the reception explained where I should go to change and offered extra towels should I need them. I went to the locker room, undressed and wrapped one towel round my waist. I didn't know what the other was for so I left it in the locker. 

Wandering out into the first bar and lounge room and then through the rabbit warren myriad of rooms I saw men of all ages, shapes, sizes and descriptions. Nobody seemed to speak to each other and there were few smiles. It was as if everyone was busy and intent on going somewhere, but there was nowhere to go. 

I walked the corridors, went up one set of stairs then down another as I acquainted myself with the layout and facilities of the place.

I saw the surprisingly generous swimming pool and watched fascinated as some guys swam lengths naked and as others slipped out of their towels and into the water. There was no frolicking in the water; no one seemed to know anyone else.

Off to one side tucked into a corner were a couple of bubbling hot tubs, one presumably hotter than the other. Each was crowded with guys sitting round on the ledges the water well up to chest level. I saw one guy with his arm round another, they were cuddling. 'At last' I thought, not feeling excited, but intrigued 'something's happening.'

I went into the sauna and here at last was some real action. One guy with what from the back looked to have a good body was lying on his front, his head on his arms, his eyes closed. He was naked. Another older, quite chubby guy was massaging his back and another guy, about my age with a heavy moustache was stroking his legs. I watched as the first guy ran his hands down and caressed the bum and as the other guy ran his upwards and onto the balls. The guy lying flat grunted and opened his legs wider. Both hands were now on his bum and between his legs. There was a series of low grunts as the young guy slowly raised himself up onto all fours. He was hugely erect. The other two dropped their towels and rubbed each other's cock before returning to the kneeling young, well-built guy. They rubbed his arse, cupped his balls then started to wank each other with one hand and stroke and rub him with their other one. 

It really was quite an amazing and, I have to admit, pretty arousing sight to be sitting in a sauna wrapped in a towel watching a nude, youngish adonis being masturbated by two guys who were also wanking each other. I was stunningly hard, which I suppose was confirmation of my recently found bisexuality.

I heard a series of grunts and the chubby one saying.

"Fuck it I'm going to cum." 

He turned away from me a little as he obviously shot his load. The guy with the moustache kept working on the young guy's cock until he too moaned and, from the sound of it, although it was too dark to see, spurted his sperm onto the sauna floor.

It was all so matter of fact; hardly any words were exchanged, no other gestures, cuddles, caresses or kissing. It was simply sex. 

I went and had a dip in the pool and enjoyed swimming naked, something I'd never done before. I found it quite stirring to stand beside the pool with several guys standing around and a few lying on loungers, some with towels round them, some bare, as I removed my towel and got into the pool. I was semi hard and that felt good. It also felt good to catch a couple of guys looking at me.

I was getting used to the sex riddled atmosphere and sordidly wanton decadence of the place; I actually quite liked that. That said, I didn't look at the many guys of all shapes, sizes, age and colours and felt that I fancied the. It wasn't at all like being with women, where the size of a breast, the shape of a bum or a flash of shapely leg gets me going so easily. It was different and hard to explain. It was totally sexual for me, nothing else, just pure, straightforward sex. The sauna was there to deliver the facilities for it; the numerous men were the providers. Put the two together appropriately and you get to cum. Nothing more, nothing less. And to be truthful that's all I wanted.

I sat in the hot tub, naked of course. It was crowded, eight guys in a circle. No smiles, no talk just furtive glances and, mostly, avoiding others' eyes. A couple of guys got out, one of whom was erect, he didn't seem to care as nobody else did. It's what the place was all about.

The guy next me pressed his leg against mine. My first, unconscious action was to move it away. A moment or two later I looked at him. He smiled. He looked ok; he was about my age and build. His leg pressed against mine again.

Out of the corner of my eye I could see that a couple were kissing and that another guy quite obviously had his hand in the lap of the bloke next to him. They got up; both were hard as they left the hot tub together, presumably going off somewhere. Rather unnecessarily in some ways they wrapped their towels round them, their erections very obvious. Another guy, an Asian, took their place.

The leg was more insistently pressing on mine. I was hard again. I pressed back. He pressed harder, I didn't move, it was exciting. Daft really, but the thrill of the chase was arousing me. His hand rested on my leg just above my knee. I could move, I could shrug it off, I could push it away. There were lots of things I could do, but what I did do was nothing.

I slightly turned my head and caught his glance. He again smiled, but this time as he did that he slid his hand upwards. It was almost at my groin. I again did nothing. I suppose that was an invitation really, or at least an acceptance of his overt request.

His hand closing round my cock felt fantastic. He half turned so that his right side was towards the centre of the tub and his left knee slid under my leg as he stroked my cock and balls. I looked at him and he pushed himself forward so that his hard on pressed right against my leg. It seemed the most natural thing in the world was to grip it, so I did. 

I looked around. Most of the guys seemed absorbed either, in their own thoughts as they stared into space or, with their partner who they were doing similar things with as I was. No one cared, no one was bothered, there was no shame or embarrassment, no guilt or judgement, just sex, just male to male, bi or maybe gay, who knows, sex. I felt at ease and I felt at home.

We started to wank each other. I didn't want to cum, at least not in the tub!

I stood up.

"See you later, thanks," I said feeling good at the glances my erection got from a couple of guys.

I wrapped my towel round me, not at all embarrassed by the big bulge, and wandered around the club.

I strolled along a corridor up some stairs, past the hot tub and along another corridor with small rooms either side. Some had the doors closed, presumably because they were occupied and others were open. About half the rooms were empty but some had guys sitting or lying in them, most were naked, some on their backs their generally half erect cocks on show, some on their fronts. I assumed they were giving open invitations to the passers-by to join them. That didn't appeal so I kept walking, my hard on dissipating somewhat.

I came to quite a large room. It was dark with a massive screen on one wall. There was what looked to be rubber or plastic coated couches around the other three walls. Men were lying side by side on them watching a gay movie, a black guy being sucked by a young blonde kid who, in turn, was being shagged by another black guy. Needless to say, both black guys had massive cocks.

Most of the audience had let their towels fall away and many were quite openly either wanking themselves or the guy next to them. Again that didn't appeal so I kept on moving, but by now I knew that I definitely wanted some action. 

I kept getting hard and then softening as one thing would arouse me then something would, almost, disgust me. The whole scene was the two extremes; strong sexual thrills mixed with levels of sordidness that simply turned me off completely. Fortunately everywhere was scrupulously clean.

I kept going and found the 'Dark Room.' It was as good as total darkness in there. But there were sounds and after a few moments I could just about make out vague shapes and see the whiteness of towels. There were loads of guys in there, but at first I couldn't work out what it was all about, silly me. Again it suddenly hit home, gay sex clubs are totally and utterly just about sex. So much so that in the dark room you could have sex of varying degrees without even seeing, let alone talking to the guy or guys you was having sex with. As I mingled unseeingly with god knows how many men so hands would touch me, lift my towel rub my tits or ruffle my hair. I stopped in a corner with a group all round me. I had one guy pressing his cock against my arse through the towel as another put his hand up my 'skirt' of a towel and fondled my cock. Unconsciously, almost, I slipped my hand up his towel and found his stunningly hard, bloody big cock. I started rubbing it, he did the same to me, but then another guy butted in and must have knelt down for I felt him taking my cock into his mouth. I wasn't ready for that yet and broke away and I left the dark room. I think that simply was just a little too sordid for me.

I went to the bar. It was crowded. Another large screen was on the wall showing what was clearly a gay icon DVD for there was scenes with Joan Collins, Kylie and Sharon Stone all beautiful women who I would happily have shagged. 

I had a scotch and wandered round the busy bar seeing for the first time a few trannies with overdone make up, big dangly earrings and well OTT wigs; certainly no interest there I thought as equally I felt none whatsoever for the number of really camp guys cruising round the bar touching and pressing themselves against people.

In other circumstances it would have been quite laughable. A crowded, noisy, quite large bar full of men just wearing towels, well apart that is from the trannies and a few braver guys who had removed their towels and stood around naked, and flaccid I noticed.

Finishing my drink I wandered round the club again and found another smaller 'cinema' right up in the roof and at the far end of the club, well away from everything else. This had smaller plasma, which was again naturally showing a gay movie. This one was of two ordinary guys who meet, go to a gym and then get going with the action. They were supposed to be business men, possibly straight or bi and after the gym they go to a hotel. It was actually done quite well and as they both undressed and started to fondle each other I found myself hardening along with them. 

It wasn't a very big room and again round three walls were those rubber or plastic, easy to wash I guessed, covered couches. Against the fourth wall there was what looked to be a massage table; well it was that sort of height, also covered like the couches. I was leaning back against that beside a guy who was sitting on the table. Another guy came and leaned back against it on my other side. There was plenty of room so he coming there was fairly blatant. He put his arms down and out to the sides and one rubbed against the back of my arm. It was just a brief touch and then went away; for a short while that is, because it was soon back, touching me slightly more firmly and certainly more lingeringly. I didn't move. It now rubbed up and down my arm quite obviously. I was enjoying it. It was crazily exciting, almost as if I was being picked up, which of course I was. 

I felt his arm bending. The top of it stayed in contact with my upper arm, but his hand went onto my back. He ran his fingers up and down my spine, very obviously and meaningfully I thought pushing them into the folds of my towel on the downward sweeps. At the same time he moved closer so that our hips and upper legs were touching. 

I looked around and there were two other groups in the room. A couple who were naked laying in each other's arms kissing and a group of three or four who were all over each other sucking and stroking. It was then that the guy sitting on the bench on my right pressed his leg against my waist. At the same time his hand went under his towel and he started to rub himself. This was developing into very heady stuff indeed.

I had no idea whether they knew each other or not.

The one on my right put his hand on my head and started caressing my scalp just as the other guy turned to face me and ran his hand around my chest. I saw him quite clearly for the first time. He was about my age, slimmer and slightly shorter than me with long, dark hair. He smiled as he slid his fingers into the folds of the towel.

"Ok?" he said.

"Mmmm, sure," I croaked back.

Removing his fingers from the folds he ran them down the outside of the towel grazing right across my full erection. At the same time he pressed himself against me, his towel covered dick pushing hard against my outer thigh. 

His hand was now holding my cock gently wanking it as he sort of dry fucked my leg, making me think ruefully, 'Men we're just like fucking dogs.'

"Get on the bench," he whispered firmly adding "on your back."

The other guy stood up, letting his towel drop to the floor, he was fucking huge and, I found myself thinking, looks good. He did, he had a shaved head, a great body and that awesome dick. 

I lay on the table on my back, they both stood beside it. The one still in the towel ran his hand over the other one's stomach and then took the big cock in his hand.

"Mmmm lovely," he smiled at both of us.

They both then turned their attention to me lying on the bench. One started caressing my feet and legs, the other my head and chest. They rubbed and caressed stroked and massaged me. I still had no idea if they were in collusion or not and quite frankly I didn't care. I was gone. Al I wanted was the buzz, the excitement and the thrill of sex. Sex of any sort, but sex with a man or, I realised, men.

One guy's hands went up my towel and stroked my balls and that little patch between them and my anus as the other pinched my nipples. My body bucked a bit and I slightly arched my back. I couldn't stop myself reaching out for the one still wearing a towel and putting my hand inside it. His cock felt great.

"Mmmm," he grunted pushing it against me.

I then felt his hands on where my towel was tucked in round my waist. Slowly it seemed he unravelled it. I have no idea why, but the towel being pulled away and my cock gradually being exposed was one of the most exciting things that had ever happened to me. Knowing that the two guys were now looking at my stunningly hard cock for some reason was an enormous turn on.

I groaned and again arched my back as a shudder went through my entire body when the two pairs of hands found my cock and balls. I rubbed the cock I was holding faster and harder. I'd had it; I knew that, I was gone completely.

"I'm cumming," I groaned, inexplicably adding "Please make me cum."

I felt so in their hands, so defenceless, helpless really and totally subservient to them. I realised later that was my submissive side starting to emerge, I had never realised I had one until then.

They hardly had to masturbate me. Just a few strokes, a cupping of my balls and a finger pressing against my anus did the trick,

"Oh fuck yes," I sighed. Loving the feeling as my cock exploded and my spunk shot in the air to splatter over my stomach.