 I watched as bodies moved against each other across the screen, music playing to their little orgy. They exuded nothing but erotic attraction and passionate sex, but I knew this was nothing more than a scripted film to entertain the masses. I looked around my room and noticed everyone else's attention focused on the group of guys and girls in their little moment of heated lovemaking. 

Sam and Brian were curled up together, Sam sitting between his legs as he draped his arms over her shoulders. Jake, Mitch, Melissa and Tim were all next to each other on the couch, all occasionally reaching into the bowl of potato chips sitting in Mitch's lap. I almost laughed, knowing how weird watching something like this with not only my friends but my brother as well. As for me, I was flopped into the bean bag chair that sat in the corner of my room. 

As the video neared its end, I picked up the remote, pausing it as I stretched my body. 

"That was hot," Sam said.

"What I tell you, it's good, right?" I said, smirking at her. 

"Yep, I'm obsessed. What are fans of Sense 8 called?" She asked, to which I shrugged my shoulders. What? Did you think we were watching porn? C'mon, we're not that messed up. 

"How many episodes have we binged?" Mitch asked. I looked back to the screen, seeing the episode number on Netflix as I repeated it to Mitch. "Holy shit, we've sat here for almost six hours?"

I looked down at my watch and saw that it was just past 1 a.m. on a Friday night. Okay fine, it's technically Saturday morning, but as long as I haven't gone to bed, it's still the same day.

"The curse of Netflix and binge watching. It's always 'one more episode' and next thing you know it's five episodes later," Melissa said. 

"Well I think we can continue this another day," I said as I exited the app on the TV. 

"I can't be the only one who thought that scene was hot right?" Sam asked, looking back at Brian. "I know you did, 'cause I could definitely feel something poking me in the back."

"Hey, TV show or not, a guy just needs a little stimulation to get aroused," Brian defended with a laugh.

"Not just guys mind you. Girls too, especially when you throw straight actors into gay situations. I swear I turned into a fangirl immediately," she said, turning back to me. "Do you know if any of them are actually gay?"

"I have no idea."

"Well then, I'll just pretend they're all straight. Nothing hotter than a straight actor comfortable with his sexuality enough to not be put off by a gay scene."

"Well then, you're gonna like a lot of guys in school then. Plenty of guys that don't mind a blow job, even though they're straight." Jake chipped in, a smirk on his face. I couldn't help but agree with him. While the school is very accepting of gays, there's just something about some form of anonymity in the community, especially when it involves straight people.

"Really? Who?" Sam pressed. Jake responded by zipping his lips. "Oh c'mon, you know what's said in this company stays between us." There were nodding agreements from everyone else as they looked between Jake and me. 

Jake turned to me as if asking if he should. Like I said, we have a sort of LGBTQ+ community within ourselves, and we don't really betray that. Then again, our little squad was more than a community. We were family. 

I shrugged, in effect telling him 'what the hell, go ahead'. 

"Tommy Mayweather," Jake said. I smiled a little to myself. Trust Jake to choose the one guy who was pretty cool about other people knowing he occasionally sleeps with guys. Heck, the guy tells his girlfriend; they have some weird form of an open relationship. Of course, this fact wasn't known all over school to the point that this wasn't news to the other people in the room. 

"Really, Tommy?" Sam said, eyes going wide and turning to me for confirmation. I gave a small smile and a nod. "Oh, my god, that's so hot."

At this, Brian raised an eyebrow. "Wait, so a straight guy doing things with another guy instantly makes him hot?"

"Yes. Yes it does," 

Brian immediately turned to me. "Dude, kiss me." 

At first I thought maybe he was joking, but the way he said it, didn't point to Brian being kidding at all. Actually, scratch that, I knew he wasn't joking. I mean, I knew the guy since we were kids and he was using his completely serious face. 

"What?" I asked, completely shocked at his sudden and frankly, weird question.

"Kiss me," he repeated.

"I'm not gonna kiss you," I said, giving him a look that said 'what the fuck'.

"C'mon. It's gonna make Sam love me even more," he said. I gave an incredulous look to Sam, wordlessly asking her to confirm her boyfriend's insanity.

She gave me an apologetic look in return. "He's not exactly wrong."

"Woohoo, get him gurl!" Mitch called out, causing Jake, Melissa and Tim to laugh till they were clutching their stomachs.

"You're all crazy," I rolled my eyes, crossing my arms.

"C'mon it's just a kiss. It's not like you love me," Brian said. At his words, everything went silent. I looked around and saw everyone looking at me expectantly. "Wait...you're not in love with me...right?"

"Oh, my god, no!" I shouted. 

"You know, I would gladly share him if you are, right?" Sam said, a smirk on her face.

"Yeah, and I will totally try to satisfy you," Brian added.

"Shut up, both of you," I said, shuddering in my seat. 

"Okay seriously, though, just kiss me then."

"Dude, stop it. Seriously," I scolded. "I'm not gonna kiss you because firstly, it's gonna be weird. Secondly, and more importantly, I don't need Sam getting all horny and you both deciding to screw in my room tonight while I sleep a few feet from you two." What I said made sense, but even I knew it wasn't the complete truth.

"Ah, la la la," Tim screamed, closing his ears trying to not hear what I just said. I just raised an eyebrow at him.

"You're totally fine about seeing another guy kiss your brother, but you can't hear about Brian and Sam fornicating?" I asked.

"Um...yes? Sam's like a big sister and I don't want to hear about her having sex," he replied.

"But you're totally cool about your biological brother having sex," I deadpanned. "You're so weird." 

"While we're on the topic of hooking up, what's new with you and Jessie?" Melissa asked Tim.

"We're not hooking up, geez people," Tim shouted, before quickly quieting down. "But as for us, nothing much really. We've been talking more, and we text and everything, but I haven't actually made any move," Tim said, rubbing the back of his neck.

"Is there a reason you're procrastinating? You like her, right?" 

"Yeah...but...I'm just trying to take things slow."

Turning to Sam, Melissa said, "You think little Timmy will make the wall?"

"Who knows. Maybe?" Sam replied, smirking.

"The wall?" All the guys said at the same time. The girls shared a look, something I could only assume resembled the look that Jake and I shared just minutes ago. Girls apparently have their own sisterhood I guess. Hmm, if gays and girls have their own little communities, do straight guys have one too?

"There's this wall in the girl's locker room. It's basically a list of guys that girls have had sex with," Sam said.

"A circle next to the name means that they wouldn't mind having sex again, while a cross means that there probably won't be a repeat performance," Melissa added. 

"Really? Girls have things like that? I thought bed notches were a primarily guy thing," I said.

"Wait, so who's got the most circles?" Brian asked. Sam motioned with her head towards Jake who blushed a deep red.

"More like all circles," Melissa smirked, bumping shoulders with Jake. 

"Geez dude, you really are a modern-day Casanova aren't you," Brian laughed.

"The guys talented. I can vouch for that," I said, which made everyone except Tim laugh.

"Okay, I take it back. I don't like hearing about my brother doing the nasty either," Tim said.

"How did this turn into a game of truth or dare anyway?" Melissa said, still recovering from the giggles that escaped her lips.

"And with that, I'd be taking my exit," Tim said, standing up.

"What's the hurry?" Mitch asked.

"You guys' games of truth or dare are intense. I may be in the same grade as you guys, but I'm still way younger and I don't think my 14-year-old self can handle." Tim said as he ascended the stairs out of the basement that was also my bedroom.

"Are we really playing truth or dare?" I asked. I mean, it didn't seem even remotely like that until Melissa had mentioned it. 

"Why not?" Sam said.

"Wait," Mitch called out, calling everyone's attention to him. "This...wall..." he started but trailed off.

"What about it?" Sam asked.

"Is...my name...on it?" Mitch asked, his face growing red.

"I think you'd have to sleep with someone for that to happen," Brian joked. Sam and I laughed before we noticed the deepening of crimson that painted Mitch's cheeks.

"Wait, you're serious?" Sam asked astounded.

"His name's on the wall Sam," Melissa pointed out.

"It is? Oh...well, I guess I missed it."

"No, hold up," I said, shocked, turning to Mitch. "You've slept with someone? And with a girl?"

"I've said a million times that I'm not gay," he muttered.

"Oh, my god, when were you gonna tell us?" I asked. 

"It wasn't a big deal," he muttered once again. This time, however, Melissa scoffed at her brother. 

"More like he was embarrassed," she said.

"Why? I mean, what better way to prove that you're straight than bragging about how you fucked a girl? Pardon my french," Brian said.

Mitch took a deep breath before speaking. "Because the girl texted me the night she left saying...that I was pretty good...for a gay guy."

"Ooooh," Jake, Brian and I cringed. Talk about a blow to his ego.

"But he appeared on the wall, right?" Jake asked Melissa.

"Yeah...but she wrote a question mark."

"What does that mean?"

"She's unsure? I don't know. It's the only question mark on it," Melissa said.

"Probably because she still thinks I'm gay. I mean, what girl wants to have sex with a gay guy," Mitch lamented. At this Sam raised her hand, which made everyone give her a look.

"What? I would," she defended.

Shaking my head, I turned back to Mitch. "But..." I started, but trailed off, unsure if I actually wanted to say this.

"But what?" he asked.

"Don't get mad at me for asking this, because I'm being totally serious this time, but have you ever thought that maybe you'd be into something with a guy? I'm not saying you have to be gay, but maybe you're bi?" I asked. Mitch groaned as he buried his head in his hands. "I mean, you've been told your whole life that you were gay when you were clearly attracted to girls. It would make anyone not even consider that they may be attracted to guys too. A form of internalized homophobia if you will."

"Brad, I know you're in the GSA and all but please don't psychoanalyze me on this," Mitch deadpanned.

"No, no, he's right," Brian said, coming to my defense. "You hate being called gay so much that you suppress any thought about actually being gay."

"Right, I'm just secretly fawning over every hot guy in school," Mitch said, sarcasm oozing from his voice.

"I wouldn't go to the extent and say that. All I'm saying is that if you keep an open mind, maybe you'd not mind dating a guy. I know plenty of guys in school that think you're cute," I said.

"You know what you need to do?" Brian cut in, seemingly not hearing me as he spoke to Mitch. "You need to do the porn test?"

"The what?" he asked.

"Brian has this theory to confirm a person's sexuality," I said.

"And it works. You just need to watch porn and see what turns you on," Brian said.

"I know what turns me on, Brian. I watch plenty of porn," Mitch rolled his eyes.

"But I'm assuming straight porn?"

"What does that have anything to do with this?"

"The principle of the porn test," Brian said. "Watching straight porn doesn't confirm any sexual preference because both sexes are in the video. You won't know for sure if the arousal is from which gender. That being said, you need to watch a plethora of both gay and lesbian porn, and the one that gets you aroused is your sexual preference."

"You've really thought this through haven't you," Mitch said, raising an eyebrow at Brian.

"Tested and proven in fact. I swear the amount of gay porn I've watched. Twinks, bears, muscled dudes; none do it for me," Brian said. "So, I know for a fact that I'm 100% straight."

"Says the guy who wanted to kiss his gay best friend just a few minutes ago," I poked.

"Touché."

"Of course, Brian's little theory is kinda flawed," I pointed out.

"Excuse me? Flawed?" Brian exclaimed, clearly not happy that I was questioning his hypothesis.

"Yes, flawed. All your little test proves is physical attraction," I said. "While physical attraction is a big part of sexual orientation, it's not all of it. I for one, know a few straight guys who have an attraction to other guys, but in a purely physical sense."

"Oh, I think I know what you're getting at. The whole emotional and physical thing, right?" Jake asked, to which I nodded.

"Yeah. I mean there are two groups of people. Some people might say that having any form of physical attraction to the same sex would make you gay. I for one can understand the reasoning behind this because I sure as hell don't want to see a vagina. Then there is the other group that thinks you can't be gay unless you can develop feelings for the same sex, meaning love and all that jazz."

"Okay then, since you're such a professional, what do you believe?" Brian asked.

"Neither," I said, making Brian raise an eyebrow. "To me, physical or emotional attraction alone doesn't make you gay. You need to have both before you're truly a homosexual. I mean, if you're physically attracted to someone but can't love them, or if you think you love someone but can't imagine being physically intimate with them, then I don't think you're gay."

"What about questioning people then?" Brian asked, trying to poke holes in my theory.

"No, questioning people are unsure. They have yet to come to terms or they are still figuring things out. I'm talking about people who are sure in their stance."

"The human psyche is so confusing," Melissa said.

"I hear you," Sam added.

"Yeah, well I'm pretty sure I'm not gay, despite what everyone thinks," Mitch insisted. Everyone sat there for a while, somehow processing everything that I had just said. Now, I was no expert but that was really just my thoughts on the matter. 

"Brad, lend me your phone," Brian asked, finally breaking the weird silence. I raised an eyebrow at him, but fished the device from my pocket nonetheless, tossing it over to him. As he fiddled with it, I watched him, unsure what it was that he wanted. 

"Can I know what you're doing?" I asked, curiosity getting the better of me.

"Using Grindr," Brian replied. "Dude, you have so many un-replied messages. You could be getting so much ass."

I blushed. "Dude, invasion of privacy much?"

"Man, some of these guys are hot. Is there a reason you're not replying them?" Brian asked, eyes still glued to the phone as he scrolled through the app.

"Don't feel the need to hook up that much, that's all," I replied lamely. I knew it was because my infatuation with Evan had just reached a point where I literally couldn't give a shit about random hook ups anymore. Only 19 and already sick of the casual life. Go figure. "Now, other than caring about my Grindr habits, mind telling me why you're snooping through gay apps?"

He didn't answer me but got up and walked over to Mitch, plopping himself down in the seat Tim had just vacated, thrusting the phone into Mitch's hands. "See if anyone of these guys catch your eye on a purely physical level."

"Really?" Mitch asked, raising an eyebrow at Brian.

"Yes really. I'm straight and even I admit some of them are pretty bangable," Brian said.

"Which further proves how this is a stupid idea," I pointed out. "If you, certified straight guy, can find some of them hot, Mitch doing the same doesn't prove that he is interested in guys."

Brian looked thoughtful for a moment, before snatching the phone back. "I hate when you're right," he grumbled, walking over and handing me back my phone. I rolled my eyes at him, shaking my head. Sometimes, I wonder about Brian's thought process.

"Wait, we're playing truth or dare, right?" Melissa asked out of the blue. There were some nods and shrugs in reply. "So, how about we test something right now. Mitch, I dare you to kiss Jake. If anyone can turn you gay it's probably him."

"Weren't you listening to Brad just now, even if I like it, it doesn't mean I'm gay. Besides, what's with all this talk about kissing our friends?" Mitch shouted. 

"I second that," I called out in agreement. Seems like Mitch and I were the most sane of our friends.

"Oh, come on, just try it," Melissa said, Sam nodding like a maniac.

Mitch turned a wary look towards Jake who wore a calm expression. "It's your dare man, I'm fine with whatever you wanna do."

"You guys aren't gonna let up until I do this, are you," Mitch complained in resignation. The silence from the others confirmed his thought. "Fine." 

"Make it as steamy as possible," Melissa said to Jake, who shrugged and got up, walking over to Mitch on the couch.

"How do you wanna do this?" Mitch asked, a little nervousness coming through his voice. I'm sure he was scared that he would, in fact, enjoy it, which, to him, would only prove that he was bisexual, something I think he didn't want to think about.

"Just relax. Don't think that it's me or that I'm a guy," Jake said, straddling Mitch. You could see Mitch push back into the couch, subconsciously trying to put as much space between him and Jake. 

"What are you doing?" Mitch asked, voice quivering.

"Relax," Jake reiterated. "Close your eyes."

Mitch reluctantly obeyed, his eyelids fluttering close. Jake took this as a sign to continue, bringing his lips just barely against Mitch's cheeks, ghosting over the skin. Watching as Jake trail his lips down Mitch's jawline, memories of the time Jake and I had sex came back to me. While I didn't think of Jake in a romantic manner, the dude does know the nuances of the human anatomy.

I could almost feel Jake's breath against my lips as I watched him hover them just above Mitch's, memories flooding back. Catching Mitch's lower lip between his teeth, I watched Jake lightly tug before letting go. Mitch visibly relaxed, his once tense legs going limp, his clenched fists uncurling. I caught the slightest glimpse of a smirk on Jake's lips before he pressed his lips fully onto Mitch's, sucking on his lips and darting his tongue into Mitch's willing mouth.

After a good ten seconds, Jake calmly pulled away, climbing off of Mitch and crashing back into the spot next to him, a triumphant smile on his face. I turned my attention back to Mitch, who had his eyes open, though a shocked expression painted his features. We stared at him for almost half a minute before Melissa broke the silence.

"Well, how was it?" she asked.

Mitch blinked, seemingly breaking from his thoughts. A small side smile crept onto his lips before he said, "Bitch can kiss, that's for sure."

"Success," Melissa shouted, pumping her fist into the air, but her celebration was cut short by a raised finger from Mitch.

"Now, don't get ahead of yourself," he said, bringing his raised finger down and poking at his crotch. "Not in the least bit hard."

"Wait...so, not gay?" Sam asked.

"Nope," Mitch replied, smiling happily. Sam turned to me as if I could somehow offer her confirmation. I shrugged.

"Well, even I got a little excited, and I was just watching," I pointed out, blushing just slightly. I looked over at Jake, who was smirking. Yeah, he knew the power he had over people, and he relished it.
