 ---

Darren

For a couple of weeks, Tyler drove us around in my Lamborghini. It made me uncomfortable, and it wasn't only from my anxiety. It was the type of car that you only owned if you were a millionaire. Driving it around was like rubbing it in everyone's faces.

We left it parked on the curb at the edge of town for ten minutes, and came back to a group of lads circling it, taking pictures on their phones. They startled and jumped back when it flashed at Tyler unlocking it - he seemed amused enough, smirking at them as he walked around to the door. I just felt obnoxious.

Hi, I'm a rich cunt.

Do you like my car? With the scissor doors, so it can't even fit in multi-story carparks if the ceiling is too low.

Fucking hell.

I couldn't wait to go to the dealer to pick up Tyler's new Chevy.

*

That year was going fast. Before I knew it, it was November. Amelia was running about all over the place, preparing for what was coming. Marcus kept coming around on errands from my uncle. My phone never stopped ringing. Even Zack barely left his office.

The prototype impressed, and we beat competition. We were in contract with the military.

The security of my company was going to be funded by the government.

Jackson told me that he was going to do everything he could, to make sure I was kept up to date on whatever happened with the case. No more keeping me in the dark. I wanted to know, I deserved to know.

There would forever be this grey cloud hanging over my life, but I accepted it. I wasn't going to live in fear. I wasn't going to stand down from what I had created, what I wanted to do, how I wanted to live. I could say that for more than just this trouble with the 'black market'.

Jackson made sure that I would be more prepared, should something happen again. He was adamant that there would never be another slip-up, as my family was back under police protection, but he wanted to 'take precautions'. He got me in somewhere to take self-defence classes, and forced Tyler into it, too. He would be 'professionally taught how to subdue and apprehend, without excessive violence'.

"So you don't fucking kill someone again."

Tyler rolled his eyes. "All right, Ted."

I couldn't do much more than shrug apologetically when Jackson gave me a look of daggers. He was going to be Ted forever, just as much as I could be 'babe', 'sweet-cheeks', 'honey-butt', and whatever the fuck else. He might have taken a bit too much pleasure in skillfully demonstrating a take-down on Tyler at the instructor's behest.

When I was ordered to perform the same, Tyler was a giggling mess on the floor beneath me, clinging to my clothing to keep me on top of him.

"Ted. Ted, I can't do this."

"Why?"

"I'm getting a massive boner."

Even the instructor clasped a hand to his forehead. "Jesus fucking Christ."

I was also taught how to wield firearms. But I wasn't supposed to put that skillset to use. Jackson informed me that he'd never had to. Firmly. Once I was striking a series of targets, reloading, and striking them again within the time limit, he nodded at me and crossed his arms.

"Good thing you'll never be hitting a moving target, right?"

Right.

*

We spent Christmas Day around Amelia's and Zack's. I don't think anything could have been a more homely atmosphere. This was the closest family I'd ever had, and it was good to see Amelia's parents again. They'd always treated me close to their own son. They were... pleasantly surprised, to learn of my relationship with Tyler. It was a bit strange that they already knew him. It reminded me of what Amelia said, with everything coming full circle.

What was Christmas without a kid to get unfathomably excited about presents under the tree? David was what made that day so memorable.

Amelia and Tyler had been working together on a present for him. They built a remote controlled car from scratch, using spare parts from the labs. Amelia had done most of the circuiting and Tyler had burnt himself, at least three times, soldering it all together.

The paper came off in a flurry. David squealed and ran around the house before calming down enough to drive it, crashing it into everything while he learnt the controls. It was a sturdy thing, 90% metal, and Amelia was more concerned about her furniture.

I wish I'd had a Mummy Lia and Uncle Tyler when I was a boy.

He asked them why they hadn't made more, so they could race with him. They tossed each other glances before there was laughter. It had turned into a much bigger project than they had expected, filled with frustrations and swearing and something flying across the room. They weren't building another any time soon.

But Zack and Amelia were thinking about making something else.

"So we're thinking of trying for another baby," Amelia said that evening, once David was in bed and the wine had come out.

"Bit of an age gap by now," Tyler replied.

"Yeah, well. Better late than never? It's not like we've been taking measures to make sure I don't get pregnant all this time." She finished her glass and swung it slightly in her fingers. "If you must know, we've actually been trying for the past year, it just hasn't happened yet."

"Zack's not potent enough."

He snorted and tossed Tyler a scowl. Amelia tutted.

"No, I think it's probably me. I don't know why, though. Wasn't like we had any trouble conceiving David, I never had any troubles with the pregnancy."

"Body clock's a'ticking," Amelia's mother said, then gave a little clap. "Chop chop!"

"Oh God, Mum. I'm not that old! Besides, you never gave me a brother or sister. You can't talk."

"Just as well. You were enough on your own."

"Pfft. Anyways, I'll probably go to the doctor and get checked out. I really hope there's nothing wrong."

"I think you're fine, dear. Just unlucky."

A little twinge in me watched Tyler closely, worried that I might see that distant expression where he imagined having his own child, raising his own family. It didn't happen. I think he was happy being a part-time uncle to David. He looked around and raised an eyebrow at me, as if he was reading my thoughts.

"Are we trying, Darren? No? Good."

Amelia's father wheezed loudly and poured himself another glass of wine.

We spent Boxing Day with Tyler's family. He warned me multiple times how loud, crass, and working-class they all behaved, while half of them had always been middle-class and comfortable. I was prepared for it.

His mother came from a large family with many siblings, so Tyler had a monstrous amount of aunts, uncles, and cousins. The gathering was around whoever had the largest house, and it was still cramped.

There was a wide age range. His youngest cousin was 10, and the oldest nearly 40. Everybody in that family had to talk. And argue. And rip the shit out of each other while howling with laughter.

Even amongst that crowd, Tyler still managed to take centre stage as the biggest clown. I was hearing just how loud his voice could go. Maybe the most interesting things had happened to him that year to put him in the spotlight. Everybody knew about his car crash. And me, apparently. They were taking the piss out of him relentlessly, calling him a gold-digger, and asking me how I put up with him, how good did he suck my dick to be worth keeping around. Nicole squawked loudly, letting them know how rude they were.

And I had thought I was prepared.

Tyler bathed in it with the biggest grin, pulled me against him, and kissed me in front of the whole family. There was an ear splitting chorus of hoots, laughter, and cheers. His 14 year old cousin went bright red in the face.

Alcohol came out when I thought it couldn't get any worse, but Tyler was good, and didn't touch a drop. He seemed to know exactly when it was too much for me and the headache was splitting my skull - he tossed me my jacket, and dragged me into the cold dark outside for a walk, to show me a nearby park he had frequented as a kid.

Which involved me getting pulled behind a chainlink fence, shoved against a tree, and having my dick sucked.

"There you go," he said. "A full working-class experience."

I chuckled, my breath clouding in the air. "Aren't we supposed to fuck in the tunnel in the playground?"

"Oh God. If you want to, I'm up for it."

"I'll pass."

My uncle was used to rarely seeing me, outside of business and social events. Christmas time, for a long time, had been spent with Amelia, or alone. There was a gathering at New Year that he invited me to, and he told me to bring Tyler. He was really trying.

Tyler, out of pure respect of how Vincent had helped out on the trial, kept his hands off me the entire night. To an untrained eye we wouldn't have looked much more than close friends. Save for a few too many smiles and looks. I'm sure my uncle appreciated it.

I think Tyler was slowly realising he could fit into those environments. He looked good in that suit, no matter how much he denied it, and so long as he behaved himself, he was good at holding people's attention in conversation. He did like being centre of attention. And I liked watching him when he was so confident, cheerful, energetic.

*

By early February I was exhausted from work. There were so many things going on, constant hassle and upkeep, and I wanted a break. An escape, just for a little while. I wanted to take Tyler to New Zealand.

We needed permission from his probation officer, and they granted it. He had been working hard to show what a sweet, well-behaved, and functional member of society he was. Whatever he was doing worked. We had no trouble, as I'd thought. Just ticking off boxes while months ticked past.

I had booked the tickets in an instant, leaving everything up to Zack and Amelia for a couple of weeks.

I told Tyler to pack light. A single suitcase.

Amelia dropped us off at the airport and we were gone.

He buzzed with excitement over the first class treatment. We stopped in a 5-star hotel in Los Angeles for a night, to break up the flight. I didn't often get to spoil him - he wasn't the type of person to let me - but seeing his giddy, boyish grin made my heart do flips. I also enjoyed the look on the receptionist's face as I checked in for the room with this handsome, besotted man hanging from my neck. I don't know if society as a whole will ever think it's normal.

"Don't get used to it," I said, as he flopped onto the bed. "There's none of this when we arrive."

He chuckled and clasped his hands to head. "I'd never get used to this. Fucking Beverly Hills. Hollywood. This is mental."

I was a carefree, homeless backpacker in New Zealand. That was a holiday to me. No restrictions, no planning. Free to go wherever I wanted, whenever I wanted, by whatever means I could. I guess I cheated by having a generous budget to give me such freedom, cards in my wallet, but it was something I'd done multiple times, going alone each time. A character-building exercise, finding myself. Whatever you want to call it. The very idea of it had terrified me when I was younger. Which was why I had to do it.

I was excited beyond words that this time I was sharing it with Tyler.

Upon arrival in Auckland, we rented a car. I could have him drive us everywhere, anywhere. I was going to show him so many things.

"Oh my God," he said. "They drive on the left."

"You didn't know?"

"I thought, like, the whole rest of the world just drove on the right."

"Dumbass."

Some of that holiday was simply spent driving around, exploring. South Island had most of the best sights. One rainy night was spent in the backseat, other ones beneath the stars. Camping gear was easily bought. The only thing we had to worry about was petrol. And food.

There's something serene, yet powerful, about nature. It's hard to ever feel like you're in the wilderness in England. The whole land has been tamed, churned up. I didn't know how Tyler would react to being dragged out into the middle of nowhere.

Better than I ever could have hoped.

I'd never seen him be so quiet. Cheerful without his laughter. It was amazing.

"This is like some cheesy romance movie," he said, as we laid on sleeping bags staring at a clear night sky. "I love it."

I made sure to take him skydiving early, before he had time to think about it and back out. He couldn't believe we were doing it. He was trembling as we climbed higher and higher in the plane. Thousands of feet. Swearing profusely and chuckling his terrified chuckle.

"Fuck, Darren."

There were four others with us in the plane, and I was going first. It was maybe my fifth time doing it. I didn't have the same nerves. I simply grinned at Tyler as I pulled the goggles over my eyes, standing with my instructor, who had his back to the door. When I was ready I leant into him and we fell out, tumbling, somersaulting, air ripped from my lungs as I laughed, before steadying.

There's no words to describe how incredible the freefall is. The view of the world. It's always over too fast, while seeming to last forever. Tyler's distant screeching pierced through the sky above me, second to jump out the plane. They could probably hear him all the way down on the ground. I loved him so much.

He was still shaking when he landed, struggling out of the straps and barely able to stand with so much adrenaline and nerves. He rolled about on the grass a bit, laughed, gasped, and ran in a circle around me before tackling me.

He was completely alive after that. Up for anything. I almost had trouble keeping pace. Tyler would climb a mountain just because it was there.

"You like swimming?" I asked. "Want to swim with sharks?"

"What? You mean where they stick you in a cage with Great Whites?"

"Yes."

"Are you fucking serious?"

"Yes."

"Where?!"

It might have been the most amazing couple weeks of my life. I'd never had something like Tyler before. Not just a lover, but a companion. Someone who wanted to be beside me every step of the way.

We finished it up with a nature hike, in a guided group. Three more days in wilderness. The guide was hot, we both agreed on that like a pair of giggling teenagers at the back of the line. The guy realised what we were, fast, and took a lot of interest. He kept finding excuses to talk to us alone.

My gaydar was going off straight away even if it took Tyler a little longer to realise.

"Shit, you seriously think so?"

"Yes."

"You better be right or I'm about to look a total fool."

He decided to flirt, to prove it. The guy looked worried at first, head turning to find me. So I joined in.

He was a little bewildered and bashful. Not that I could blame him, the pair of us coming onto him so heavily, cornering him away from the group. Then he got more brazen. We couldn't believe it. I'm not sure what happened. Chemistry happened. At the end of the hike we were taking a madly attractive Kiwi back to a hotel for a threesome.

We'd pulled a versatile one who was willing to bottom. So we took turns fucking him, almost wrestling and laughing about it. We both wanted a piece of him. Tyler being Tyler, then offered to let the guy fuck him. So we spent the rest of the night taking turns to hold down and top Tyler. I hadn't even realised I was so adventurous, I wasn't sure how I would find it.

It was insanely hot.

"So that was amazing," Tyler said, collapsed on the bed in exhaustion after the guy had left. I chuckled from the en suite.

"Are we doing it again back in England?"

"Shit. Only if we find another sexy one like that."

I looked around through the door. "What if you wanna have some fun with women again?"

"What?"

"I'd be willing to try with women, if you really wanted. Just don't know if it'd do much for me."

"Nah, Darren. It's all good. You let me stick my dick in you sometimes. Maybe I'll miss tits, but your pecs are pretty nice."

I chuckled more, turning the shower on. I'd already showered a couple hours ago, but God, I needed another one. "You coming?"

"Carry me."

We made our way back to Auckland, pawned off the camping gear, returned the car. Took a taxi to the airport.

I was touched down three times through customs - they couldn't find what the hell was setting off the detectors. Tyler stood laughing, probably hoping they'd do a damn strip search. Each pat down got more... thorough. I don't think the steadily growing line of people behind found it so amusing.

He sat with his head against my shoulder at the gate, waiting to board, flicking through his phone. He'd taken some pictures of things, but he was nothing like Nicole. "Are we doing this again next year?"

The thought of him still being with me a year later was incredible.

---

Tyler

Life goes fast when you're enjoying yourself.

Amelia came into my office while I was typing up an important email, setting down a mug of coffee I hadn't even asked for. I tore my eyes off the screen to frown at it.

"What did I do to be treated nice?"

She chuckled. "Do you know what day it is?"

"What?"

"It's two years since you started working here."

I moved my mouse to check the date. Shit.

She gave my shoulder an affectionate squeeze. "It's been great having you here. And I have some news."

"Is it good news? If it's bad, let me finish this first."

"I think it's good."

"Think?"

"All your sleeping with the boss has finally paid off in getting you that promotion."

"... What?"

"We need you to cover my role, Ty."

"What? You're not quitting, are you?"

"No, no. I'm so busy. I'm needed for other things. We're expanding, I'm spending so much time out of the building, and I have the baby, and, well. I want you to be head of the department. You're always here and you do such a good job already."

I didn't know what to say. "Is this permanent? Or just until things settle down?"

"Permanent."

"You're not expecting me to stay locked up in this office, are you?"

She grinned. "Don't worry, I'm going to handle everything from the outside. You just focus on what's here. You belong in the labs."

She left me alone and I stared at the screen for a moment, then picked up my phone to call Darren's office. He didn't answer, so I called his mobile.

"Ty-"

"Let me guess, you're in a meeting?"

"Telepath."

"Prick. You're promoting me?"

His chuckle sounded down the phone. "How about you go to my office in, about, thirty minutes' time, and we can discuss it there."

"Shall I make sure to sprawl suggestively across your desk?"

"Keep the coat and goggles."

"Hot."

"Bye."

*

It wasn't that I didn't recognise the man who had walked into that restaurant in the black and red checkered shirt. I was still him. I was just... different.

I didn't think I would find love. It's not that I was consciously pessimistic, thinking I was going to spend a life alone, scoffing at couples and flaming Valentine's Day. I just never had an opinion on conventionally romantic things, as I didn't see them as things that would ever effect me. The traditionalist memo of how to live never got drilled into me. Get married, settle down, have kids, work 9-5, see your family a couple times a year. It meant nothing to me. I had always wanted to live life my own way, I just wasn't always very good at it.

Lots of people called me wild, adventurous. Even Darren. I wasn't really sure how true it was. I wasn't one of those people who needed the expansive space of the sky to drift wherever they pleased. I wanted direction, something to carve through, work towards. I was like a river. I'd find my own way to the sea, but I did want to get there.

People called Darren intense, stubborn, even difficult. He was all of those things. But he was also warm and squishy beneath his cold exterior. I had never met anyone who always had the best intentions behind everything that they did. When you've met a lot of selfish people, assholes, people who live in the darker end of the morality scale, you can find it hard to believe that someone as good-natured as Darren is genuine, without an ulterior motive.
