 Jack walked through the door. His desire was strong, and he was ready. On the ride there, his fantasies were vivid. He knew what he wanted, and could never be confused again.

He was tense with anticipation. It was never until now that he would get a chance like this, and never until now was he so ready for it. Never until now was he so excited. 

Today would finally be the day on which he got the chance to lose his virginity, but he didn't imagine how it would feel, but only how it would look.

He called out for his boyfriend, Ivan. Ivan was significantly smaller in frame and stature than Jack, but his small body was not indicative of his "size." Jack wanted to be penetrated, regardless of who was dominant in the relationship.

Ivan called back to him from the kitchen. He was cooking dinner for both of them. The men greeted each other, and with the tension already rising, they both knew that they were already waiting. It was just a matter of time before one of them would break the barrier.

Both of them quivered as they were eating. They could not let their date move too quickly, or else it would ruin the mood. The air was thick with eagerness and love. Ivan felt hot. Every time he took a bite, it would make him even more uncomfortable. He finally stood up.

"You know what, screw it," he exclaimed. He was too excited to let the opportunity pass. He knew deep down inside that he was tired of waiting. He threw himself upon Jack, who fell back in his chair. Jack, dropping his fork, choked out a single word. 

"Wait!"

Even though the tension was killing Jack as well as Ivan, he did not want to advance so quickly. He only wished for an opportunity for an even more romantic start to a session of avid lovemaking. Peeling himself from Ivan's fly paper like grip, he swallowed his last bite.

Ready to take Ivan to bed, he scooped him up in his arms, carrying him to Ivan's own room. He jumped onto the bed, still holding Ivan with his iron grip.

They held each other even tighter than before, pressing their lips together. Their tongues were like crossing snakes in each other's mouths, telling them that it was finally time. Their need for each other at this moment only grew. The only thing separating them from each other was the clothing.

Slowly, Jack began to slide Ivan's pants from his hips. Ivan blushed as he attempted to hide himself under a blanket.

"Not so fast," whispered Jack, just realizing Ivan's embarrassment. He pulled the blanket from over Ivan, leaving his lower half exposed. He slipped his shirt off. He descended upon Ivan, whose erection began to grow longer and thicker as it filled with blood.

Ivan pulled his own shirt from his body, fully exposed to the cool evening air. The window was left open, but the blinds were closed. Even the cold air could not cool the heat of the intimacy of their lovemaking. The tension built, and soon would snap the line.

Jack allowed his pants to fall from his hips, exposing his own growing and desireful cock. Both of them were bare, ready to let each other feel what they wanted to feel for what seemed like ages.

Their love for each other was swollen, too much too handle for any longer. With the air heating around them, their skin felt as if it would burn.

Jack slid his teeth over the skin of Ivan's neck, all the while their dicks rubbing against each other's bodies. Ivan took his turn to drag his tongue across Jack's chest while fiercely gripping his rump. They rolled around over the bed. They looked into each other's souls through their eyes.

Jack finally took his mouth down to Ivan's long rod. He let it slide down his throat. He did not gag. He slid it back from his mouth. The entire length was wet with his saliva. He leaned back.

Ivan stood up while Jack scooted toward the edge of the bed. Taking one of Jack's ankles under his arm, he positioned his still wet penis over Jack's ring.

Jack was ready. He felt as if his entire life lead up to this moment. Slowly, Ivan leaned over, spreading apart Jack's heated balloon knot. He slid deeper and deeper within him, the entire way in feeling as if he was being stroked with wet silk.

In it slid, until all 7 inches of it were buried in Jack.

Jack stammered "F-f-faster!" Ivan clearly heard him, picking up the pace. Jack's buttocks began to collide with Ivan's loins. Every time this happened, it pushed a grunting exhalation from Jack's chest. Ivan moaned quietly as he drove his length into his boyfriend.

The thrusts gradually got faster and faster. Each time Ivan hilted, it would hit Jack's prostate with stimulating force. The strikes built up an orgasm from both of them. They were soon to have their orgasms at the same time.

A release of joyful pleasure radiated from both of them. They trembled and twitched as their orgasms raced through their bodies. Ivan watched as Jack's semen sprayed all over his chest and belly, all the while filling his ass with his own. Ivan withdrew, letting the seed run from Jack's anus and to the floor. Jack was thoroughly exhausted. He fell asleep, still nude, still on the corner of the bed, and still covered in cum. Ivan crawled on top of him and fell asleep there.

They awoke simultaneously at midnight. The semen between them had long since dried up, bonding them together with its stickiness. 

"I love you," said Ivan.

Jack responded. "Be mine forever."

Peeling apart was painful. Their being stuck together told them that they would be able to stay with each other forever. It let them know that they had to stay together forever, as it would be painful to separate.