 This story is based in part on real events, though all names and places have been changed. All persons involved were 18 years old.

***

A class of twenty schoolboys landed at Reykjavik airport, and was quickly chaperoned outside to a coach by anxious teachers. In just a couple of blurry hours of icy plains and far-off glaciers, we rolled onto the drive of the hotel, a small building isolated in a snowy wilderness that stretched off to the horizon in all directions, sliced in half by a rectilinear road. Shivering against an insidious cold that seemed to squirm its way under our coats and unwrap our scarves to expose smooth throats to the elements, we bundled inside, floundering through a fog of frozen breath.

"Alright, guys, listen up," droned a teacher, the universal signal for us to switch off our brains and await freedom. "I know you're all excited to be here, but I just need a few minutes of your concentration..." When I woke up, it was over and the flock was on the move. A hand on my shoulder snapped me out of my trance. Paulo.

"Come on, we're this way," he said with a wry smile. "Got to get the best beds." Pelting down the corridor, I barged past another roommate to slip into the room in second place, securing a top bunk. Paulo and the unlucky loser entered the room panting, and reluctantly chucked their bags onto the bottom bunks. It was a small room, with just a narrow trench separating the two towering bunks, which leaned in so close to each other that you could touch the other side. Across from me was James, the winner of the race, a shrimpy boy with lanky blond hair and spots carpeting his gaunt face. Diagonally downwards and across from me was Paulo , and immediately below me Alex, a cumbersome and thoroughly disinterested boy who was now searching desperately for a plug to stick his phone into.

First contact came when I was sitting downstairs on Paulo 's bunk, chatting. He was telling me about the new earring he wanted to get: a pink triangle with, inside it, his initials. I was busy silently laughing ar how much he overplayed his homosexuality and how he was evidently grabbing at attention. But secretly, I was harbouring feelings of my own; recently other boys had started to become attractive, their slight little frames and obtrusive appendages making me salivate at the thought of touching them. I believe that this whole fetish - I wouldn't call it a sexual preference, as everything save the hard midsection and bulging organ is disgusting to me - arose purely from a physical yearning to hold something in my hand, to feel its throbbing between my fingers, to feel my mouth filed with warmth. Though the female face and body were still the objects of my desire, the cock was my new idol, totally separated from the manliness it symbolises and existing as it's own entity: a hard, thick rod that could pleasure both me and its unseen owner. 

Anyway, as we sat, Paulo talking about his earring and other gay things, me making silly jokes to detach myself from my desires through humour, I started flirting. I pointed out the odd crude innuendo with a derisive grin and playfully squeezed his shoulder or looked deep into his eyes with mock passion. He saw me as a purely straight man, set in my ways, so he reacted as if to a joke, going along with our little flirtation and even caressing my face and hovering his lips millimetres from my ear. I was going crazy just wondering what was going on inside those tight little jeans of his, but my demons held me from ever revealing my true desires. Instead, I just kept playfully flirting. 

The time came to leave. We were off for our first excursion to the blue lagoon, a vast natural pool that simmers as the earth warms it to high temperatures. It dreams and billows out huge clouds of vapour that supposedly clean the pores, and is coated in a clay-like substance that runs through the fingers like treacle and leaves the skin baby-soft. Paddling around, chatting in dark, steamy alcoves with friends, and wallowing in the silky clay, I forgot about Paulo and the flickering candle of my desire that burned in the dark recesses deep within me. But wrought in the sides of the lagoon are many little caves and notches in which candles burn, throwing fleeting orange phantoms on the granite walls. I glided through the dark water into one such cave, where Paulo and two other boys were lounging on the rocks. These two were the school's most well-known gays, the types who wore makeup on weekends and sucked dicks in school toilets. The types who set that deep-down candle flickering like mad. Paulo stopped me in my tracks and told me to sit with them, and I joined the conversation. They were talking about their usual partying antics, but soon steered onto me, and how I could possibly be the only straight boy in this cave. I shrugged and said I just wasn't interested in guys, but they weren't buying it, saying that we're all to some degree curious, and that I should definitely "gay up". Just the talk of makeup and lipstick, of getting drunk in high heels, of writhing up against men and wandering downtown in club toilets was getting me all hot and bothered as I hungered to join them in their lifestyle...

Eventually the time came to leave the lagoon, and we paced upstairs to the changing rooms. Here, all showers are open and bathing suits aren't allowed due to issues of contamination; we must all shower naked, and in the open. Walking into the shower room with a hand cupping my genitals, I quickly showered as Paulo did the same beside me, then as we walked off we talked about how awkward it was. We talked about dick sizes, and how we'd rather be semi erect just to look bigger. I made a quip about him making me semi erect and he gave a flirtatious smile. 

That night nothing happened save more laboured flirting on my behalf. We woke for breakfast and were soon wrapped up in our winter coats and boots, ready to set off for the day. Our first stop was a huge waterfall that seemed to fall out of the very sky, where Paulo and I climbed a huge flight of stairs to stand on the ridge at the top of the world, him leaning on my shoulder and I wrapping my arm gingerly around his torso. Then, we set off to the geysers, huge erupting volcanoes of water that bubble and eventually explode in huge upward eruptions of boiling water. At this, Paulo and I shared a cheeky nudge as I pointed at my dick. He laughed. I smiled as I saw him laugh.

That evening, contact finally happened. The other two boys in my dorm knew something was up, though they figured it was just my teasing, as I've always been undisputably straight. So, as we lay in our bunks, me and Paulo chatting seductively from one bunk to another while the other two laughed, Alex started to catch on. He asked if I was being serious and, avoiding the question, I said: "why doesn't Paulo come up here and find out?" He did, scaling the ladder with his agile little frame and sitting opposite me in bed. We kept talking, keeping it hushed and tasteful, until the other were fast asleep. The room was still, silent, buzzing with static. I lay down under covers and Paulo followed. I could hear just my breathing, booming, smashing the walls as my heart thudded against my ribcage in similar fashion. The details now become fuzzy in my head, distorted by the static of guilt, conflict and a bad memory. Somehow, I found myself spooning him, holding his slender frame tight to my chest, with his little as pressing against my growing penis. 

My heart raged as he turned his head to face me, and I could see the twinkle in his eyes even in the gloom. The moisture of his lips glowed with what little moonlight made it into the room as they approached me. His lips stopped as I slightly recoiled, hesitating as I hesitated. But then I let it go, quelling the voices of the demons within, leaning in to meet the lips that glided toward me with their scintillating heart shape. Lips met and electricity coursed through me from head to toe, sending my whole body into a spasm that conveniently disguised itself as an empassioned lurch. Kissing hungrily, desperately, as if time was against us and our window of sin was narrowing, my mouth worked like crazy, trying to take in every second of this alien experience. I was acutely aware of the soft breathing of our sleeping classmates just metres away, of the screaming voices deep inside me, and of the feeling of soft stubble against my chin that reminded me that the body in my arms was male... But I didn't care, and I kept making out with the boy, flinging off my T-shirt as he did too, and running my hands over his tight, toned body.

I let him mount me then, and I lay back, drinking in the universe, as he bore down on my, passionately kissing me. My hands were not my own, acting of their own accord as they felt up his body, even venturing down the small of his back to rest on his soft, round bum. My inquisitive fingers kneaded the soft buns of his ass, making him purr into his mouth as his hands, too, ran up and down my soft flanks, which coursed with electricity at his touch. Heaven. My mind coursed with images: I wanted to feel his dick, let it slide into my mouth, maybe cup his balls or even suck on them like lollypops... I wanted to part his asscheeks and perhaps explore his tight little hole, which in this moment of ecstasy seemed to me far more delicious than the sweetest of pussies. I wanted, in that moment, to even make love to him and let him do the same to me. I wanted to give up my body to his powerful strokes; let him open me up in my most intimate place and slide deep inside me; let him thrust into my warm insides and deposit his creamy seed...

We were panting now, and sitting up just looking at the outlines of each other's faces. Listening carefully for any signs that the others were awake or aware of our doings, we stayed immobile for minutes on end, hands laying sleepily on each other's bare bodies. At last we were satisfied with our secrecy.

I don't remember how it happened, but I found myself lying backwards between Paulo 's legs, my head resting on his chest as his nimble hand slipped under the waistband of my pyjama bottoms. I felt his warm fingers slowly encircle my hardening cock and give a few slow tugs. Filled with an intense fire that surged up within me as I felt for the first time the hands of another grasping my dick, I twisted in his arms and hungrily kissed him as his pumping got faster and faster. My dick was in bliss, tossing and turning in Paulo 's agitated hand, which jerked me off faster and faster. 

But nothing was happening. Five minutes of intense pumping, and I was no closer to orgasm than I was at the start. Paulo was getting tired, and his tugging got slower and slower. I turned and kissed him, apologising in hushed whispers for the bother. But he just smiled and kissed me deeply, wrapping his legs around me as he jerked me off faster than ever, furiously rubbing my dick until I could feel the first tinglings of orgasm deep in my stomach. Like an icy chill that spreads from its epicentre, the electric wave of orgasm swept from deep inside my balls, up into the base of my cock, where it amassed and radiated shockwaves throughout my entire body before surging up the length of my cock. I gasped and went limp in Paulo's arms as my cock lurched upwards, firing shot after shot of warm, white cum into the air. It splattered down around my cock, balls and thighs, making little white sticky pools of my viscous juice, and as it did so, I kissed Paulo deeply in thanks. In thanks for opening me up to this whole new, untasted world that I previously shut out in my own indignation. We lay for a while as my warm cum trickled around my groin, and new drops ran down my shaft to join the amassing pool at the base. 

However, the time eventually came to face reality. I wiped the cum from me with a tissue, and gingerly slipped down the ladder and out of the door, careful not to wake anyone. Meanwhile, Paulo crept down to his bunk, where he lay thinking. In the bathroom, I stood for a long time looking in the mirror. My face stared back at me, disgusted with my behaviour. It was as if orgasm had released me of the sexual fury that had, so far, suppressed my own indignation, and now I had to bear the full brunt of my own guilt and self-loathing. No use in just standing here, though; I mopped up the last cum from my body and returned to the room, silently tiptoeing toward my ladder. A hand caught me though: it was Paulo .

"One last kiss?" he said. I didn't want to at this point, for my desires were now a mess, the little gay man within me crushed beneath the foot of my own machismo and bravado. But I thought it was the right thing to do, so I leaned in for one last long, deep kiss, before I slept. 

***

Morning came, and the guilt, the disgust, were stronger than ever. I couldn't meet his eyes, nor could I resume my silly flirtation. We spent the day well apart, until evening came and we were getting ready to go to sleep. A hand on my shoulder announced Paulo 's coming. He asked if I wanted to hook up again. I shook my head.

"I'll suck you off," he said.

"I - I don't know," I said with a shameful shake of the head. I wanted to, and I didn't. 

"Why not?" he asked. "You were pretty into it last night."

"I know," I said. "But I don't think I can do it again."

He took a second's pause.

"Ok," he said. 

"Don't tell anyone about last night," I implored him. "Please."

"Sure," he replied with a smile.

And that part of my history withered into ash, forgotten and never spoken of again... Until one day when old sparks were rekindled, though their flame lived for just one short night. But that, perhaps, will be recounted another day, if and when I have the energy to remember it.