 Private investigator Jack Hammer smiled as he looked at the men gathered around the wrestling mat in Steel Steve's big main room. There were at least thirty of them. A couple were totally naked. The others were dressed in Speedos, jeans, or leather gear. Lots of leather gear. That was the main vibe at the converted gym on East Riverside Drive.

The jockstrap wrestling was over and it was time for the main event. A cheer went up as Jack walked onto the mat, followed by the other three men. They were all big, hairy, and ruggedly male body builders. Two had heavy mustaches and beard stubble. The third, a tall Hispanic with a receding hairline, wore a beard trimmed to the length of his buzz cut. All three wore heavy black leather boots.

Jack was as big and muscular as the others, with a tiny "Semper Fi" tattoo on his right shoulder blade, carrying himself with the tightly-coiled grace of a martial arts master. He was clean-shaven, with short black hair cut to fit anywhere-office, construction site, onstage with a country band . . .

He stopped at the center of the mat. He was naked and his cock grew thick and heavy under the admiring eyes of the men surrounding him. He'd spent the last five months driving an eighteen-wheeler from El Paso to Oklahoma City, infiltrating a gang of cargo thieves. It'd been dangerous and scary, but he'd made his final report to the insurance company and collected a giant check. Now, he was ready to cut loose, and Steel Steve's Global Health Club was the perfect place to do it.

The gay bath's owner, Steve Steele, dressed in a black leather jockstrap, chest harness, and work boots, stepped onto the mat. He was far and away the most ripped guy in the joint . . . and, in private, the biggest nelly queen Jack had ever fucked.

"Gentlemen!" His voice boomed off the hard walls and floor. "Bears and cubs! Tops and bottoms! Studs and sissies!" He patted Jack's bare bottom. "Tonight, in the ring for the very first time . . . Jack Studd!" The crowd cheered.

"And returning . . . By popular demand . . ." Steve slapped Jack's ass affectionately, then moved to the next man. He was the shortest, with close-cropped black hair, wearing a black leather biker cap, a black leather chest harness, and black leather chaps which left his crotch and buttocks bare. Steve ground his bulging jockstrap between the man's ass cheeks and reached around to stroke his hardening cock. "Dirty Doug!" The men clapped and cheered.

"In his second appearance . . ." This guy had straight blond hair, a little long on top but super-short on the sides. He wore a black leather jockstrap with red highlights, supported by thin black leather straps attached to a black leather shoulder harness. Steve briefly fondled the man's cock through the leather jockstrap, then turned him around and bent him over, showing off his hairy muscular buttocks and little brown asshole. "The butt master . . . Billy Butt!"

The cheering grew louder. One man, dressed only in blue jeans and boots, unfastened his fly, took his cock and balls out, then rebuttoned his fly, creating an impromptu cock ring. His pole was already stiff as a steel rod.

Steve struck a body-building pose and thrust his crotch forward, displaying the big bulge in his jockstrap. The crowd cheered and reached for him. He kissed one guy. "Later, dearie." He patted another man's butt and fondled a stiff cock, them moved to the tall Hispanic man with the buzz-cut and closely-trimmed beard.

"Our all-time favorite . . . The Terror from South of the Border . . . well, South Austin anyway . . . The macho man of macho men . . . The Tex-Mex Panther . . . EL GATO GRANDE!" He was dressed in crotchless and assless blue jeans and a black leather vest, with a heavy chrome chain and padlock around his neck.

The crowd went wild. EL GATO-who'd introduced himself as "Joe" in the locker room-wrapped a big hand around his stiff shaft and turned in a slow circle, showing off for the watching men.

"All right, guys." Steve faced the men on the mat. "You know the rules." He grinned. "Get out there and get down. Whoever gets the most applause at the end wins." He pinched his nipples between his thumbs and index fingers, then ran his hands down his body and rubbed his palms against his inner thighs. "So, get those bats out . . . and play ball!" He stepped off the mat and plunged into the crowd.

"Wow!" Jack's thumb and index finger circled the base of his stiff shaft and his remaining fingers cupped his shaved balls. "Three hot men."

Joe put his hands on his blue-jean-clad hips and grinned at Jack. "First time?"

Jack looked at the men surrounding them. "First time with an audience."

"That's okay." Joe kissed Jack roughly. "I like breaking in virgins." He looked at Billy and Doug. "How about you guys?" Billy nodded. Doug stuck both thumbs in the air.

"Bring it on." Jack had never been so horny. He'd dated a truck stop waitress in Amarillo as part of his cover. She was good in bed and would even let him fuck her ass after a few Jack and Cokes, but he really needed a good hard man, with a stiff cock, skilled mouth, and eager ass. Now, he was getting three.

"Jack Studd." Billy plastered his body against Jack's and kissed him fiercely, humping his black leather jockstrap against Jack's hard-on. "You really are a stud."

"So are you." Jack stroked Billy's mustache and caressed his beard stubble, then ran his fingers through the blond man's luxuriant chest hair and down to his crotch, then reached for the black leather jockstrap's zipper.

"No." Billy pushed Jack's hand away.

"Okay." Jack fondled Billy's bulging jockstrap briefly, then gripped his hairy butt and pulled their bodies together. He kissed Billy hard and dirty, savoring the feel of the man's mustache and stubble. It was so wonderfully overpoweringly male.

"My turn." Doug pushed Billy away, moved into Jack's arms, and tongue-kissed him aggressively while they rubbed bare cocks. He was just as hot and sexy as Billy. Doug wrapped his hand around Jack's rigid shaft. "Gotta have some of this." He sank to his knees and took Jack's hard pole into his mouth.

Jack closed his eyes, enjoying the sensations. The waitress had been a pretty good cocksucker, especially for a woman, but there was nothing like a hot guy who really knew what he was doing. He opened his eyes and ran his fingers through Doug's short hair. "Oh man," Jack whispered.

Beside them, Billy was sucking Joe's big stiff rod. Joe grinned at Jack. "Having fun?"

"Oh yeah." Jack looked around at the crowd. "Never realized I was such a show-off."

"Well, you are, Blanche!" Steve shouted from the sidelines. The crowd laughed.

"And a real fuckin' crowd-pleaser!" another man cried.

Jack pulled Doug to his feet and kissed him roughly. "That was great." He ran his fingers along Doug's rigid pole. "But I was getting too close."

Doug grinned. "We don't want that." He turned to the crowd. "Do we?"

"Hell no!" a giant chorus responded.

Jack turned to Joe. "Speaking of crowd-pleasing studs . . ." He wrapped his hand around the big Hispanic man's hard-on. "There's nobody like EL GATO GRANDE." Jack and Joe dirty-kissed while humping stiff cocks and fondling each others muscular asses.

"Remember." Joe put his hands on Jack's shoulders and pushed him to his knees. "I'm the big cat here."

"EL GATO . . ." Jack kissed the tip of Joe's cock. ". . . is truly GRANDE!" He gripped Joe's rigid shaft and stroked it slowly, sliding his foreskin over his cock-head. Jack hadn't been with many uncut men and the sight was fascinating.

"Come on HOMBRE," Joe said. "It's time to make the big cat ROAR."

"Oh, I'm gonna make you roar, all right." Jack kneaded Joe's balls and stroked his rod while licking and sucking his cock-head. After months of going down on the waitress, Joe's taste and feel was amazingly intensely male. He pulled Joe's foreskin up and ran his tongue between it and the stretched skin of his cock-head.

"Man!" Joe ran his fingers through Jack's short black hair. "You do that good."

"Just getting started." Jack teased Joe's cum-slit with the tip of his tongue, then stroked his shaft while licking and kissing his cock-head.

EL GATO purred with pleasure. "That's great." He grabbed Jack's head. "But it's time to get real." He fucked Jack's face roughly, pulling back and then driving deep into his throat.

Jack's world narrowed to Joe's massive sliding pole. He was in charge so much of the time that being overpowered and brutally used was liberating. The tension in his nuts built rapidly as he pushed the Big Cat toward an explosive climax.

"Yo, Kitty!" Doug pulled Jack away from Joe. "The Big Dogs are taking their share of the new meat."

Jack rose to his feet and looked at Joe. "There'll be more."

"Damn straight." Joe struck a pose for the crowd, fondling his stiff pole and playing with his balls. "Let's see what the little puppy dogs can do."

Doug fell to his knees, took Jack's stiff dick in his mouth, and sucked it aggressively.

"Bend over." Billy Butt knelt behind Jack, pulled his butt cheeks apart, and stuck his tongue deep up Jack's ass.

Jack stared at the crowd of men watching him, getting off on their lust, as well as the sensations from the tongue in his asshole and the mouth sucking his cock. He was close to coming when Joe got back in the game.

"Okay, CACHORROS." Joe pulled Dirty Doug to his feet and bent him over. "EL GATO GRANDE is back." He picked up a squeeze bottle of lube, coated his stiff pole with the slick fluid, and slid it up Doug's ass.

Jack faced Billy Butt and pointed to the gigantic bulge in the blond man's jockstrap. "You ever let that thing out?"

Billy grinned at Jack's massive erection. "When the time is right." He turned around and bent over, pulling his bare buttocks open and showing his little pink puckered hole. "But right now . . ."

"Oh yeah. I'm gonna pound the hell out of you." Jack lubricated his rock-hard cock and pressed its tip between Billy's hairy buttocks. Billy pushed back, driving Jack's pole deep into his asshole. It was intensely hot and tight.

Jack fucked Billy roughly. He'd had to be careful while fucking the waitress's ass. It felt great to just let go and ram a man who grew more excited with each violent thrust.

"Hold it." Joe stepped behind Jack, gripped his hips, and brought him to a stop. "I've got something for you." His cock-head pressed into Jack's asshole, slowly stretching it open.

"Man!" Jack held still as Joe's big stiff rod invaded his ass, pushing forward until Jack tensed up and then drawing back until his tense muscles relaxed, letting him go deeper. Joe's big knob slipped through Jack's tight anal ring and he slid home, all the way to his balls. "That's fucking great!"

"Ever been in the middle before?"

"No." Jack held still. He was dangerously close to coming and he wanted to make this last. "I've never been with two guys."

"Not two?" Joe fucked Jack slowly, pulling almost out and then pushing back into his depths. "Just three? Or thirty-seven?"

"Just one at a time." Jack surveyed the crowd. Most of the men were beating off. Some were fucking other guys from behind. They were all staring at the men in the ring.

"You like it?"

"Yeah. Feels great." The urgency to come had faded. Jack swung his hips, fucking Billy's ass in time with Joe's leisurely thrusts. He'd never felt anything like this.

Doug stepped in front of Billy with his stiff cock out. "Suck this." Billy took it in his mouth eagerly.

"Jeez! This is so good." Jack fucked Billy faster and harder. The cum built in his nuts as Joe hammered him from behind.

Joe bent forward and whispered in Jack's ear. "You getting close?"

"Yeah. His tight asshole and your big hot cock . . ."

"The guys want to see it." The crowd gathered around to get a better view. They cheered when Joe pulled out of Jack's ass and sprayed hot cum on his back and buttocks.

Jack pounded Billy, pulling almost out and slamming forward, shaking his body. "That's right," someone in the crowd said. "Ream our butt boy."

"You wanna see some cum?" Jack yanked his dick out of Billy's tight asshole. "Well, here it is." Cum fountained from his throbbing pole, splashing Billy's butt.

"Here's another load for you." Billy screamed as Doug's cum caught him full in the face.

"That's right!" Billy blinked the cum out of his eyes and lay on his back. "Come on me." He unzipped the black leather jockstrap, freeing his stiff cock. "All of you." The other men gathered around him, working their hard cocks and spewing cum on his face, chest, crotch . . . Billy moaned and jacked off frantically, coming violently as the pulses of thick male juice splashed his body.

* * *

"Come here, big boy." Joe led Jack into the equipment closet that served as the performers' "dressing room." They were still naked after the group shower, which was actually a "grope" shower. That had been fun, even though a lot of the men weren't particularly attractive. All those guys, naked and wet, touching each other . . .

Joe grinned at Jack's stiff pole. "You ready again, Stud?"

"Ready as you are." Jack fondled Joe's hard-on briefly, then plastered his body against the big man's and kissed him passionately.

Billy Butt stepped into the room, carrying his jockstrap harness. "Wow. You guys." His heavy swinging cock grew longer and thicker. "Ready to go again already."

"Well, not quite." Joe pulled away from Jack, bent Billy over, and humped his crack. Then, he stepped back and slapped Billy's bare butt. "Give us a little while alone, will you?"

"Uh . . . sure." Billy blew kisses at Joe and Jack. "You'll make it up to me." He left, closing the door behind him.

Joe kissed Jack again. "Guess I'm selfish. This group stuff is fun, but I want you to myself."

"I'm just as selfish," Jack answered. "Want to get out of here?"

"Sure."

They got dressed in the locker room. Jack turned his phone on and saw the "urgent message" indicator on the screen. "Shit!"

"Trouble?" Joe asked.

"Business." Jack looked at the phone resentfully. "Guess I should read it."

"Yeah, you should. Don't want to piss your boss off."

"I AM the boss." Jack sighed. "That makes it worse." He brought the message up and sighed. "Guess I have to do it."

"That's okay." Joe patted Jack's butt. "There'll be another time."

"Yeah. Soon as this is settled." They traded phone numbers and Jack split. He stopped at the door and looked back. Joe and Billy were kissing and fondling each other through their clothes.

* * * * * * * * * *

Copyright © 2018 by Ken James

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, organizations, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, locales, organizations, or events is entirely coincidental.

Please contact me. I love getting feedback and reply to every message.

Thanks to Wayde, my greatest fan, best friend, and husband, for all his love, enthusiasm, and support.

* * * * * * * * * *