 I was walking across campus, headed to a nearby pizza restaurant for a late lunch. Suddenly a body pressed into my back and a hand covered my eyes. Startled, I tried to get away but my unknown assailant held me tight, something cold pressed into the middle of my back. I started to struggle and then I heard his voice.

"Come on, Noah," he laughed softly. "Guess who."

His tongue licked my ear.

"Get away from me, Jackson."

He laughed and then walked beside me with an unopened can of Coke.

"Aren't you afraid all of your straight friends will see you carrying on like you're a flaming queer?" I snorted.

He pantomimed looking around us and I had to laugh at him. No students anywhere. Students were still moving into the dorms and classes hadn't started yet. Campus was still almost deserted.

"I don't see anyone, do you?" he grinned. "Anyway they'll think I'm just joking with you and you know it. Nobody's gonna think either one of us is gay."

"Gee, that's a relief," I said sarcastically. "Thanks for giving me the head's up."

"Then again, there's the fact that you're on the swim team," he chortled. "Practically every guy on that team's a card carrying fag except you."

"You're an arrogant asshole, Jackson. Like I said, get the fuck away from me."

Jackson definitely was pulling out all the stops for me because he was dressed sexy as hell, dressed to tempt me as only he knew how in his football jersey, cut off blue jeans, and leather thongs. 

"Come on, Noah," he grinned, "talk to me, move in with me."

"Get fucked!"

"I just might if you play your cards right," he laughed. "You know you want it."

"Go to hell, you son of a bitch. I won't be your cum dump again. I lived with you for a year and that's all I was, your goddamn cum dump, not even your whore, just a cum dump."

"Hey, I wasn't all at fault for that, Noah," he grinned. "I seem to recall that you never turned my dick down, not once. There's also the fact that you had a thing about licking my ass."

"That's right, and that's why I can't do it again."

"Please, pretty please, do it for me?"

I laughed.

"Get that sick puppy dog look off your face before I knock it off. You're a devil out of hell and you know it."

"But I'm your devil, baby, and you love me."

He was right and it killed me. I was hopelessly in love with him and he knew it, used it to his advantage unmercifully. I'd lived with him in the dorm for nine wonderful and torturous months during our junior year and he'd kept me wrapped around his little finger the entire time. 

Maybe the more accurate description would be that he kept me on my knees sucking his cock and rimming his ass anytime he was horny. Then he always left it up to me to deal with my own sexual needs.

All this while he fucked a constant stream of female admirers. I was in a hell of my own choosing, a complete fool in love with a straight man. Still am.

My skin tingled with him walking beside me. I could smell his cologne and I wanted his cock in my mouth. Even so, I refused to give in so easily.

"What's in it for me to move back in with you? And while we're at it, what happened to the roommate you've got? It's too damn early for you to have run off another roommate. Classes don't even start until Monday."

"My new roommate never showed up. Seems he decided to go to another university at the last minute. So now I need a roommate and I want you back."

"And the university is going to let you pick your own roommate?"

"Of course," Jackson laughed. "I'm a star, Noah. I'm the best running back they've ever had on this campus. I can do what I damn well please."

"YOU'RE a shit head, Jackson, is what YOU are. I told you I won't move back in with you. What if I decide to tell everyone that you like to have sex with gay men?"

"You're the only one, baby, only you, and how do you define sex? You sucking my dick, rimming my ass, me letting you? That doesn't mean I'm gay. Tsk, tsk, tsk."

I hit him then, hit him in the chest with my fist, and he just laughed. He leaned in to me and licked my cheek.

"You won't tell anyone, Noah. It might get back to your daddy. And how are you going to explain to the Reverend James Logan of the Bethel Baptist Church that his only son is gay?" he chuckled. "And you wouldn't want to lose that reputation as the world's straightest computer nerd. You've worked so hard to build it."

"I hate you, Jackson."

"No, you don't. You're in love with me."

Jackson took my hand and pulled me into a hedge of huge plumbago bushes. He pushed me against a brick wall and kissed me hard. He wouldn't stop kissing me until I couldn't breathe anymore and I almost collapsed in his arms. Jackson had never kissed me before, not once in all the time I'd sucked him off. He'd never touched me sexually, just let me do everything for him.

"You've been eating cherry candies again," he laughed softly. "I'm going to take your cherry. You'd like that, wouldn't you?"

His eyes were dancing with merriment and I looked at him scornfully.

"You'd have to touch my body to fuck my ass. You never have before so why now?"

"Because I want your cherry, I want your virgin ass," he whispered in my ear.

"What makes you think I'm a virgin?" I snorted angrily.

"You are," he grinned. "And that ass of yours belongs to me. YOU belong to me."

"It's a little late to decide I'm your property, Jackson. What makes you so sure I still want you, dick wad? We haven't been together since last spring and I had a busy summer."

I looked defiantly into his eyes, trying to convince him I didn't care anymore. His hand groped my crotch, grasping my erection through my shorts.

"You want me right now, don't you?"

His soft laughter infuriated me. He knew me too well. I tried to pull his hand away but I wasn't strong enough. 

"Stop, please stop. You're going to make me cum in my pants, Jackson, and I don't want to be humiliated in front of everyone."

He put his hand in my shorts and grasped my cock, rubbing the leaking head of it in his palm. I was pouring out pre-cum, near ejaculation. He took his hand out and licked his palm, grinning at me.

"Last chance, Noah," he laughed softly. "If you don't want this all you have to do is say no. You want me, don't you?"

I nodded. He kissed me and squeezed my cock.

"Say it, Noah. Tell me that you want me, that you've got to have me."

"Jackson," I moaned. "I want you, you bastard, I love you."

In an instant he'd pulled my shorts and underwear down to my knees. Before I could recover he'd snatched my tee shirt over my head. I was horrified although it would have taken a thermal imaging camera to find us in those plumbago bushes. 

"God, you're fucking beautiful, Noah," he said hoarsely.

There was burning sexual lust in his eyes, no matter how he tried to disguise it. He forced my hand over his crotch. I unzipped his jean shorts and pulled them down around his hairy thighs. He was going commando and he knew I liked him that way. He kissed me and pushed his crotch into my hand. I began to kneel so I could suck him off and he held me tight.

"Not this time, Noah. This time we do it together."

He began to masturbate me with his big rough hand and buried his face in my neck, sucking my skin and biting it. I jacked his dick with one hand and played with his balls with the other. I was almost in shock at the complete change in him, at his suddenly wanting to sexually satisfy me.

"You love my cock, Noah," he whispered in my ear, gently biting my lobe. "And we both know you love me. You're going to move back in with me because we belong together."

Suddenly he moaned and I knew he was about to cum. I tried to kneel again to suck him off and he forced my back against the wall, jacking me quickly.

"I said no, baby," he moaned.

His muscles tensed and suddenly I felt his hot cum shoot into my crotch, splashing into my pubes and all over my cock. I responded almost instantly, shooting my load on him. He held me tight in his arms until we came down from our sexual high.

Then he was grinning in my face again. He licked my cum off his hand looking like some sort of leering sexual satyr.

"You cock honey tastes good, Noah," he laughed quietly. "NOW you're moving in with me."

His arrogance was fucking appalling.

"What is this, Jackson?" I whispered sadly. "Everything's just a game to you and I can't live a life with you just using me anymore."

I rarely cry but tears of frustration slipped out and rolled down my cheeks. The change in Jackson was instant. His face was a picture of panic.

"Please don't cry, Noah. I can't stand it if you do. You know I'd do anything for you."

He began to kiss my tears off my cheeks and I fought for control. Last year I'd humiliated myself for him, lost almost all of my self-respect, and now I was crying in front of him. I felt watery cum running down my legs and it helped me to regain control. I kissed his hairy chest and held him to me.

"How are you going to get us out of this one, Jackson? We're covered in cum, it's on our shorts, and we're in plumbago bushes about a half mile from the dorm."

"Easy, don't panic, Grasshopper. Pull your shorts up and put your shirt on," he grinned.

We got dressed quickly and then he began to shake his Coke can like a mad man, dancing and causing the bushes to sway. I'd barely begun to grasp what he was doing before he pulled the pop top of the can and it began to spew fizz all over us while he laughed like crazy. We came out of the bushes drenched in Coke. He held my forearm in his hand and pulled me with him as we headed back to the dorm.

"You planned that whole thing, didn't you? Right down to the Coke."

"I prefer to think of it as spontaneous sex. Let's go get cleaned up and move you in right now. I proved you still love me," he grinned.

I sighed. What I'd always wanted from him, at least in small part, had happened this afternoon and I felt like an idiot not jumping at his offer. All that held me back was my hellish summer filled with heartache over him, being in love with it totally unrequited. I knew it was my own fault for falling in love with a straight man.

He saw my sadness and put his arm around me, two guys in soaked clothes holding each other up.

"Come on, Noah," he said gently. "I'm sorry if I've hurt you and all I want is a chance to make it all up to you. Here, let's sit down."

We sat on a bench in the cool shade of a huge oak tree. He sat close to me, our bodies pressed together with his arm on the back of the bench, wrapped around my shoulders.

"What's the matter, Noah? I know I fucked up with you and all I can say is I'm sorry I've been such a total asshole. Will you accept my apology?"

"I don't think just an apology will do it. Jackson, I'm in love with you with all that means but you don't love me. I used to sit in our room anxious to see you come in. Sometimes you didn't come in at all and other times you'd come in with some bimbo. You took my heart and broke it over and over again, Jackson, and I can't take it anymore."

"It won't happen again. I promise. No more girls."

"You're goddamn right it won't," I laughed bitterly. "After the university lost that class action sexual harassment suit this past June we're back in same sex dorms again and any student caught in the dorm of the opposite sex will get expelled instantly. Period. End of discussion. Kind of makes it easy for you to promise me, doesn't it?"

"So you see? I'm all yours," he grinned sheepishly.

"No, you're not, Jackson. There's one big problem, you don't love me and I can't stop loving you. You make my life worth living, you control me. I live just have you smile at me."

"Really?" he whispered, obviously shocked.

"Really. I'll never be anything but just your convenient roommate, your cum dump because I can't resist you. You know, I only came back because of my scholarship and it's my senior year. I came really close to just quitting over you."

"I've been a total asshole and I know it, baby. I know I don't deserve you but I'm begging you to give me a chance. Begging you."

He pulled me to him in his arms, kissing the top of my head.

"Jackson, people might come by and see us. You need to stop. No need to ruin your reputation playing this game."

"Fuck my reputation, Noah. I love you."

"What?" I managed to squeak out.

He sat back and looked me in the eyes.

"I said I love you, Noah. Do you want me to yell it out for everyone to hear?"

"NO!" I hissed. "I don't want you ruining yourself over me."

"I'd do that and a lot more for you, Noah."

We sat quietly for a few minutes, just looking at each other, and I could see in his eyes that it was true. He wasn't lying. Finally I spoke.

"It's all my fault, Jackson. I broke the first rule of the gay man's handbook, never fall in love with a straight man. And what's changed with you? Why have you suddenly decided you love me?"

"It started at the end of last year, the awful way things ended for us. You moved out that last two weeks, moved in with that pansy worm Will, and it was then that I realized how much I missed having you around. I took you for granted all year long and when you left I knew how much I needed you for me to be whole. You were angry and you said you never wanted to have anything to do with me again."

"I meant it."

"I know and I'm so sorry, Noah. Over the summer it got to where you were all I could think of and I admitted to myself what I'd denied for a long time. I love you and I don't want to be without you anymore."

"You're sure it's love you feel, not just heartburn?"

"The first week I got home for the summer I went out with a girl that I've fucked off and on for years and I couldn't even get it up with her. I haven't dated a girl since then because you've been all I can think of. I jack off thinking about you, baby, and I miss your company so bad that I'm fucking miserable without you."

He'd called me baby several times and it felt good.

"Maybe you really do love me, Jackson, but how does this fit with you being straight? Are you saying you're gay now?"

He put his head in his hands, hiding his face.

"No," he said miserably.

"No?"

"Fuck it, maybe."

"Maybe?"

"Probably. Oh my god, I don't know anymore. Yes. No. No, I'm not gay, Noah, but I love you and I want you in my life. No one else, just you."

"Why the sudden change of heart? Why not all those times I was on my knees sucking your cock?"

He looked at me, embarrassed.

"I have a confession to make, baby, and I'm sorry. About last year...uh...I started having these funny feelings about you after Christmas."

"Funny feelings?" I probed.

I wanted to hear it all.

"I started to get turned on by you, by you being naked. It's one reason why I was always wanting you to suck me off. So I could see you naked. So I could look at your ass."

Anger flashed through my eyes and he saw it. The fucking coward.

"I'm sorry," he moaned. "I should have taken you to bed, I wanted to, Noah. I was a goddamn chicken shit. I just knew I couldn't possibly be gay so I couldn't let myself love you."

"What about my naked body turns you on?" I asked, amused.

"All of it," he grinned. "But particularly your ass, Noah. You know, you've got the sexiest ass I've ever seen, sexier than any woman I've ever been with. And your cock is more beautiful than any pussy I've ever seen."

"What?" I laughed.

"Don't laugh," he smiled. "You're just so damn sexy, Noah, every inch of you, and you don't seem to know it. That smooth body of yours, your ass, all of you, and it's all just perfect in every way."

"Really, Jackson? I wish you'd told me before."

"So do I. You look so fantastic in those skimpy little swimsuits the team wears. I've wanted to pull it off with my teeth and eat your ass until you're begging me to fuck you."

"I'll have to be sure to wear my swimsuit in the room more often," I laughed. "So now you're telling me you want me back for my body."

He blushed crimson.

"No! I'm no good at this kind of thing, baby. I want you, all of you. Look, I'm a goddamn fool, Noah, but I know I love you. I guess I've known it on some level since last Christmas. My god, you're so fucking perfect. WE'RE perfect together."

"Really?"

I was still suspicious after being used by him for so long.

"Are you in love with me or have you just gone queer for my body?" I laughed softly.

"Both," he smirked. "I dream about you at night and I jack off all the time fantasizing about fucking your sweet ass."

"Why didn't you contact me this summer? What would you have done if I hadn't come back this fall? Or if I'd died of a broken heart?"

He pulled my hand to his lips and kissed it. He was trying to be cavalier but he couldn't hide his anguish.

"For God's sake, Noah, don't you think I was miserable this summer? I didn't know how to contact you and what if I had? Go to Bum Fuck, Georgia and declare my love in front of the pious Reverend Logan and all those rednecks? I really sweated it out that you'd come back this fall."

"I guess I'm lucky I came back. At least I got to hear from your lips what I've dreamed about for over a year."

"So we're okay, then? You'll move back in with me? I want to fuck you so bad, you just don't know."

"Maybe I'll let you do that," I grinned. "I'll put you on my list of boyfriends."

"I'd BETTER be the only one," he growled. "I'd hate to go to jail for killing some guy over you."

"What do you even know about gay sex, Jackson?"

"I think I can figure it out. How hard can it be? Suck your lover's dick, fuck his ass, kiss him senseless."

We burst out laughing. He was such a cocky prick.

"I hope you're not ready to march in gay parades and wear rainbow flags on your ass. I'm not ready to deal with coming out, I just don't have what it takes to deal with Daddy and losing my whole family right now."

"No," Jackson laughed. "I'd rather keep it just between the two of us right now. Being gay in sports at this university isn't an option. And I'm not ready to deal with my family either. Anyway, I told you I'm not gay."

"Hmmmm. You just keep telling yourself that, Jackson," I smirked. "So if I move back in with you will you sleep with me? Will you make love to me and respect me?"

"What do you think that was all about in the plumbago bushes? I thought I WAS making love to you. At the very least it was foreplay," he grinned. "Don't forget. I ate your cock honey off my hand."

"You did," I laughed.

"And it was good. Better than my own."

He laughed and licked his lips.

"Jackson, I'm so in love with you that it almost sucks the life out of me," I said softly. "I don't think I can take it if this is just another one of your games. Please don't hurt me."

A few stray tears slipped out again. He brushed them away gently with his hand and then traced my lips with his thumb.

"I swear to god I'll never hurt you again. Come on, let's go to our dorm room before we get stuck to this bench with Coca-Cola sugar and cum."

"OUR dorm room?"

"Yes. OUR dorm room."

His eyes were dancing with humor. He stood up and put his hand out to help me up.

"I wish I could hold your hand all the way back to the dorm, baby."

"So do I, Jackson, but you can make it up to me when we get there."

He grinned at me, obviously looking forward to it.

We walked close to each other back to the dorm and I could feel the electricity tingling between us.

"I'll let you get your shower first, baby. If I go in the shower room with you I'll have to fuck you right there, I won't have any control. Come to our dorm room in an hour."

"An hour? You usually shower in about thirty seconds," I teased. "It's a wonder you get the first layer of sweat off."

"It's not that. I want to give you time to tell that shit Will that you're moving in with me and to start packing. That and I need to return my Mom's call."
