 Sarkopheros Says:

I had to rearrange some things, but I was determined to get two stories out this month, and I did it, dammit! Only nine days after the last one, to boot.

Sure, it's the last day of July, but that's still two stories this month, despite everything that's been going on at my "real" job. Admittedly, I've been getting in my own way, but I got past that, too, and I brought you this.

If you read my stories, you know what to expect. 

If you don't read my stories, oh boy. As with everything I write, hentai physics are in full effect. Gay sex! Low-end hyper-cock (16"), huge balls, vast, inhuman amounts of jizz! Cum inflation, a bit of rimming, anal sex, cum fountaining! What is cum fountaining? That's what I call it when someone gets filled so full of jizz from one end it spews from the other. Don't worry, nothing dirty happens. The rimming and the fountaining are clean. Of poop, anyway, otherwise it's ludicrously sloppy. Oh, and it's a threesome, so there's that. And there's some cuckolding themes which are entirely voluntary on the parts of both partners. In fact, they initiate it with Jae.

Have fun!

***

Water pattered inside. They could smell bleach—exactly what they'd been waiting for. It wasn't the smell that aroused them, of course. The prospect of a clean shower room was what did that. Unfortunately, the pattering water meant someone was in there.

Kyle looked at Noam and pulled his towel tighter. He didn't need to—his generous rear was pretty good at keeping it up. "It's like two AM! Who the hell is that?!" he hissed, pausing to scan his mental list of this floor's residents.

Noam shrugged his firm shoulders. Kyle sighed and looked at his roommate. Would he be prevented from receiving his lithe, tan body? He'd memorized the shower's cleaning schedules, and he'd been looking forward to that fat ten-incher for days. Granted, fucking in their dorm room was never out of the question—but it was more fun in the shower!

"Well, I uh ... I guess we ... take another stall and be quiet?" mused Noam, his voice echoing. His dark-brown hair was delightfully disheveled.

"Indoor voices," sighed Kyle. "Ugh! I guess so. We can wait until he leaves."

The boys shrugged and walked toward the row of stalls. Kyle frowned. Not one, but two of the five stalls were occupied. One at the left end, one in the middle. That meant that they'd only have one stall between themselves and the stranger. Dammit.

They walked into an end stall together. There was a shelf attached to the wall, made of the same heavy-duty beige plastic as the partitions and doors. A metal hook was fixed to the door, and there was a towel bar under that. Kyle thought it was a stupid design. The boys put their baskets of toiletries on the little shelf. They grinned at each other. In unspoken synchrony, each slipped their towels off without ceremony.

Kyle shifted deeper into—sklorch! Something hot and slimy engulfed his foot.

Oh god, did I just step in shit?! He looked down, and was puzzled—yet pleasantly surprised. He was standing in ... jizz? "What the fuck...?" he asked, squinting. Rivers of jizz were snaking their way through the water flowing under the partition.

Noam and Kyle looked at each other. Noam looked back down and asked, "Is that ... sperm?"

Kyle shook his head. "It ... seems like it?"

They both leaned down and peered under the stalls. In the stall nearer them, they saw some guy's bare feet. Whoever he was, he had a honey-tan complexion. In the stall past him, they saw ... what was that?

It took Kyle a moment to process what he was seeing. Two legs splayed out, hands in the water, as if a boy was sitting against the rear wall of the shower. The weird part was the fact that his belly was enormously swollen and filled his lap—as if he was heavily pregnant.

Noam shook his head. They both stood up. "What ... is ... are we seeing?"

Kyle looked back at him. "We should ... have a look...?"

***

Jae hummed in satisfaction as the hot water rolled over his body. His own thick spunk clung to his cock and legs, caked and mixed with the juices of dozens of dorm residents from the floor above. It slowly sloughed off with the coursing water, splatting in heavy wads near his feet.

Before they'd even set foot in the bathroom, Jae had known that at least two boys were approaching. The acoustics in the tiled chamber enhanced his already keen senses. Jae tuned out the water, monitoring the two. He knew that they probably weren't a threat, but this monitoring instinct was one that had been integrated completely and utterly into his mind for as long as he could remember.

Jae could hear every word of their conversation once they took their stall. He knew it when they moved to the stall next to his, when they hung up their towels, and when they put what sounded like plastic containers full of bottles onto the shelf.

And the sharp breath from under the stall wall told him when they'd spotted him.

Jae rubbed his hands down over his chiseled abs, glistening in the hot water. His fat cock hung limp, but still a good ten inches in length and fatter than a soda can. The head was hooded in thick foreskin, big as a tennis ball. His heavy nuts were like bloated softballs. Nowhere on his sculpted body was there a tan line.

He spoke up, his voice deep and rumbling. "You boys wanna help me out?"

He heard a muffled voice hiss, "Shit!"

Another voice said, "Sorry! I'm sorry!"

Jae chuckled and said, "Come on, you might as well get a closer look. It's everything you fantasize."

He heard them talking to each other. They weren't very good at keeping their voices down.

"We should go look. He's inviting us."

"This is weird."

"Well I don't know about you but I think we should go get a better look at that monster."

"I feel like this is a set-up for a candid-camera show."

"What candid-camera show?! Is there a naked mega-penis candid-camera show that I should be aware of?!"

"Oh, fine, let's go."

Their stall door swung open. Jae turned toward his own and undid the latch. He was greeted by a slender—though athletic-looking—boy with long, mahogany-brown hair. His friend was shorter—a somewhat-pudgy blonde with wide hips and soft thighs.

"Uh. Hi ... I'm Kyle," said the blonde. He had a modest cock.

The brunette's eyes locked on Jae's monstrous organ. He looked pretty well-endowed, too ... by normal standards. He said, "I'm Noam ... holy shit! That thing is as big as mine hard! Is this all your cum?"

Jae could see the flush in both, and he could see that both were starting to swell. He chuckled and shrugged. "All from the love-gun." He raised his arms, letting them feast their eyes on his chiseled body. They did just that, running their eyes over him as if they were their hands.

"I'm Jae. And I'm not from this dorm. Came to visit up there." He glanced upward. "I don't have any soap or whatever ... think you boys could help?" he asked.

"Oh ... uh ... yeah, we have all our stuff!" said Noam, shuffling out. He returned a second later with two plastic baskets of shower things. He looked at Kyle, who shrugged.

"Uh. So. Should we ... wash you?" asked Kyle.

Jae chuckled. A deep, gravelly sound. He nodded down at his body.

The boys looked at each other. "Maybe we should ... familiarize ourselves first...?" mused Kyle.

Noam nodded and bit his lip. He looked back at Jae and his cock. "I just ... I can't believe someone is so big. I feel small! That's not something I feel often! Ever! Heh. Heheh...."

Jae's eyes looked down at his growing organ. "Yeah, you got a cute little cock."

"L-little? You think it's little?" asked Noam. His voice hitched as he said it. "I guess compared to yours it is!" That "little" cock was beginning to swell.

"You heard me, dude. Cute," he chuckled. Jae spread his feet apart. Light from above lit his body as if it were a sculpture. Water crashed against his back and shoulders, rolling over his muscles, trickling over his powerful chest and sinuous abs. "Now come on."

Noam sighed and moved closer, rubbing his hand over Jae's pecs. He came up to Jae's nose. "Mmh. I didn't know an Asian guy could be so tall or so ... big! I've always wanted to get with a Japanese guy," he gasped.

"Looks like you get your chance today," chuckled Jae. "I'm Korean, by the way."

Noam flushed and froze mid-grope. "Oh! Ah, wow, um.... Sorry!"

Jae laughed. "You can make it up to me by keeping on doing that."

Noam nodded. Kyle slipped behind Jae and rubbed his hands up Jae's back. "Mmph! These ... side muscles!" His soft hands rubbed over Jae's lats. Jae lifted his arms to give him more room. The fingers wrapped around the powerful, well-developed muscles. "They're so big on you! I ... I like these!"

"Those are my lats," said Jae. "And yeah, I work them a lot."

"I wanna work you," cooed Kyle, sighing and leaning in close, brushing aside the long, jet-black hair, running his tongue up Jae's spine.

Jae could feel the hands tracing the lines of his back. Noam bent down, wrapping his arms around and grabbing Jae's firm, rounded ass-cheeks. He ran his tongue up along one of the lines of Adonis, kissing his hip. Then, his eyes moved downward. He gulped as he looked at Jae's massive organ. "K-Kyle. Come here?" he asked.

The blonde came around the front. Noam grabbed his erection in one hand. Kyle must have known what he wanted, because he hefted Jae's slab of meat with both hands. Noam laid his cock along the top of Jae's and gasped. Totally soft, Jae was about the same length, but thicker!

"Oh my gaaaaws!" keened Noam. "I look so small!"

"Y-yeah," stuttered Kyle. "Can we. Uh. See it hard?"

"Come on, fire me up," replied Jae, nodding down at his heavy cock. "I'm hot, sticky-sweet."

"Totally are," said Kyle. The boys both knelt in front of him. Kyle hefted one of Jae's massive nuts, one in each palm. "I can't even fit one of your balls in my hand! They gotta weigh like three or four pounds each!" he moaned, leaning in and lapping at them. He began to knead, panting and gripping handfuls of them.

Meanwhile, Noam began to pump his cock. It was already swelling rapidly, its surface heating up. "This thing is like my arm!" he panted. "And it's so hot!" He rolled his tongue over Jae's glans, slipping the tip beneath his foreskin. "Hmmmh!" Jae's cock responded by pushing toward him, growing heavier by the second. Longer, fatter, finger-thick veins pumping.

Kyle sucked in a mouthful of nut-flesh, gently biting at it. His fingertips pressed into the thick skin of those immense nuts. His mouth moved, tongue teasing the other one.

Noam had to actually shuffle backward to keep up with Jae's monstrous erection. While most of the water hit Jae's back, some bounced off, creating a light mist that made sure the cock shined—though much of its white coating remained. With both boys working, it was soon at its massive sixteen-inch full size. "Kyle!" panted Noam.

Kyle stood up and looked down, his eyes getting enormous. Noam wrapped his hands around the organ—or tried to, anyway. "I can't get my hands around it! It's bigger than a pop can!" He made a fist and laid his forearm along the top of it. "And it's bigger than my arm!"

"Fuck," moaned Kyle. "Put yours on top of it!"

Noam stood up and laid his cock along the top of Jae's again. He found that it was more than half again as long and much fatter, shaming even his porn-worthy member. He bit his lower lip and made a needy mewling noise. "Mmnnhhh! You're so much bigger! Its ... I look puny!" he moaned. "It's like twice the size at least!" Precum rolled from his own cock onto the back of Jae's. He fell back to his knees.

"Wow. You look puny," chuckled Kyle. "Now that's a real cock."

What is this all about? wondered Jae.

Noam bit his lip and looked away, though he was clearly aroused. Then the blonde moved back behind Jae. He nuzzled the small of Jae's back. Jae heard the boy fall to his knees and felt him quite literally kiss his ass.

Jae sighed. "Mmmh." 

Noam ran his tongue up along the abs, moaning as he sucked at little mouthfuls of taut, golden skin. Jae felt his breath against his body. The boy rose until he could kiss Jae's pecs, sighing as he pushed his face into the broad muscles. "Wow. You f-feel so strong," he panted, his fingertips tracing Jae's monstrous organ.

Kyle used his thumbs to spread Jae's ass. Jae bent slightly forward and pushed his ass backward. He felt Kyle's nose and lips push in between the cheeks, and he heard a surprised mewling. Jae kept pushing, lowering his hips. Kyle pushed against his ass with his hands, but laid back as Jae wanted him to.

Together, they kept moving down until Jae was on his knees and Kyle's head was under his ass. The boy moaned and ran his tongue up along Jae's taint, nose against his hole. Jae felt his own a marble-sized bead of precum gathering on his own tip.

Noam panted as he watched. "Fuck, I just ... can't! You're so enormous!" he moaned. "I didn't know cocks came that big!"

Jae's dark-red eyes met Noam's brown. "My cock will come big later, wait'll you see that," he chuckled.

"I think we got a preview," grunted Noam, looking down at the jizz-river flowing around them. He moved to straddle Kyle's hips, in a good position to continue worshipping Jae's body.

Jae ground his ass back into Kyle's face. The boy wrapped his arms around Jae's thick, powerful thighs. The blonde's cock was peeking from under his golden bush, standing at attention in front of him. His tongue lapped between Jae's cheeks, teeth and hot breath brushing over his taint, kissing it. His thumbs rubbed against the outskirts of Jae's pucker.

Noam' s lips rolled over Jae's chest. His roving fingertips paused when they pressed against the circular scars on Jae's left shoulder. "What happened to you?" he breathed. His other hand rolled over the parallel slashes on the right side of Jae's abdomen, grievous lacerations through the golden flesh. "You look like you've been shot. And attacked by Wolverine."

"Maybe Wolverine shot me," suggested Jae.

"If he ever used a gun," said Noam, biting his lower lip. "Are you in a gang or something? Are you in the army?"

Jae shrugged his shoulders. "Got into a fight with some people who were strapped."

When it was evident that Jae wouldn't volunteer any further information, Noam put both hands on the monstrous column of flesh. "At least this never got hurt. Ooh. It's so big!"

Underneath him, Kyle's tongue slipped into Jae's ass, the hot little appendage writhing, the boy's chin against Jae's taint. Jae moaned, leaning back on his hands. Water rained upon his angular features and honey-tanned muscles, rolling through the channels of his abs toward his pulsing organ.

Precum poured from the towering erection. It was so fat that Noam needed both hands to encircle it. His cock pulsed intensely. "I never thought I'd find someone that could make me feel small!" he cooed, sounding oddly enthralled of that fact.

He lowered his mouth and put his soft lips against Jae's tip, panting as his tongue teased it. His hands pumped up and down its length. Schlork-schlork-schlork. Jae's slickness leaked down, gathering between Noam's fingers and greasing his cock . Noam moaned and pushed his tongue forward ... and right into Jae's cock. Jae let out a growl. "Mmmh. Good," he grunted, grinding his ass down into Kyle's face. He could feel that tongue exploring his ass, the hands groping at his taut cheeks, see the pulsing cock under Noam.

"Mmph. Mm-hmmm. Mmmmph!" Noam's head bobbed up and down as he wrapped his lips around as much of the feverishly-hot dome as he could. He slurped viscidly. Slick precum spilled out around his lips. Glorph-glorph-glorph. His throat bobbed as he tried to gulp all of it down. The liquid heat rolled down his gullet and chest, coursed about the base of his pulsing erection. Noam's cock dripped its syrup onto Kyle's chest, only to be rinse away by falling water.

Jae felt the tongue in his ass slipping deeper, thrashing, lashing at the walls, saliva and hot water rolling down under his balls. Noam panted, his tan belly hanging lower and lower as he gulped down pints of pre. He pulled his tongue from inside Jae's cock with a slurping-sucking, crystalline ropes stretching between.

Kyle slipped his arms up below Jae's strong thighs, reached up, and grabbed one heavy, grapefruit-sized nut in each hand. He began to knead at the heavy spheres, moaning, vibrations against Jae's ass. Noam's pumping hands became faster and faster. Kyle's fingertips pressed into the thick skin, drawing circles in it. They were so big that Kyle could squeeze then almost like water balloons. It all felt wonderful to Jae.

There was a slurping sensation as Kyle moved his lips, now lapping at his taint once more, moaning into his sack, pushing his face in between his massive nuts. Kyle pulled them toward him, burying his face deep in Jae's sack. Jae felt him inhaling and breathing heavily. He both felt and heard a low moan and purring.

Jae could feel his balls tightening. Kyle must have sensed it, because he began to tongue Jae's nuts faster. The twink's thumbs shifted to massage under their convergence with his body. Jae groaned, feeling his thick, churning spunk welling up. He held back, though. Jae thought Kyle would be happier elsewhere. He lifted his ass enough for Kyle to hear. "If you're hungry, you'd better get in front."

Kyle grunted. "Oh yeah! I need to see that thing go off," he panted. Jae lifted himself enough for Kyle to scoot out from under him. Then the blonde knelt in the water next to Noam, his smaller, paler cock likewise pulsing at attention.

By some silent signal, they both leaned down, and four soft hands began to pump up and down his massive column.

"Cum for us!" groaned Noam. "F-fucking cover me and Kyle in jizz! And my little cock!"

"Heh. Is jizz kosher?" chuckled Kyle.

"Mmph!" grunted Jae, leaning back as they pumped him faster. Schlrk-schlrk-schlrk-schlrk. Finally, with both boys ready to catch, he released. He felt the pressure, the dilation of his cock's throat, the rushing of cups of fluid.... GLOOORCH! His cock bucked like a cannon. The first dime-thick rope of jizz blasted Kyle in the face.

Kyle half-shouted, half gurgled. "GLOORKH! Auurkh!" The wad exploded on impact, splattering outward, spraying Noam with thick spunk. Kyle actually rolled backwards as if he'd been struck, catching himself on his hands and splaying out as Jae continued to hose him with obscene amounts of sperm. It rolled over his eyes, saturated his hair, coated his cock and belly, so thick that the water didn't immediately wash it away.

GLOOOOOORCH! Jae erupted again. Noam leaned in, gurgling as the hot, steaming rope of jizz painted his body white, cascading over his chest. Steaming-hot goo covered his face, causing him to sputter. It rolled down his long brown hair and over his eager cock. Noam opened his mouth to talk, but succeeded only in blowing bubbles in the spunk.

Jae's cock blasted again, again. SPLOOORT! SPLOOOORT! "Augh, yeah, mmph!" he grunted, leaning back into the falling water as his monolithic member bucked like an artillery piece. Kyle got back to his knees, and he and Noam closed in to tag-team the cock. BLOOORCH! BLOOORCH! Jizz rocketed past them, splattering onto the door to the stall, dripping into a puddle near the entrance. Some of Jae's spunk flew over the barriers and into the main part of the bathroom, the splashes audible.
