 I'm baaaaaaaaack and I'm so sooooooooooo sorry for my long ass hiatus. Lots of love to those readers that emailed and stuck with me. Its summer now and I will be updating like crazy (I hope). Just had a really busy year but I won't go into that. 

As for story updates, these are eth stories that will be continued. 

Gilded in Gold, The Dark in Your Blue Eyes, Stone Cold Steele, and a few new stories (I know I know you're going to say dammit, finish your old stories lol but you know how fickle I am). But on a happier note, I will be finishing Gilded in Gold this summer, or my editor AdriannaBelen has permission to slap me silly. It is not a light threat. 

Anyhow, just wanted to put this out as I work on the finishing touches on Gilded in Gold, this will have three mare installments of similar length so I hope you enjoy. 

Unbeta'd so all errors are my own. 

Also, anyone want to edit my mm stories since AdrianaBelen mostly does Gilded in Gold. If you want to please email me, thank you. 

(p.s. sex tags apply to later installments so don't feel duped if you came here for that and got no smut in this chapter)

*****

Percy Windham was unceremoniously shoved into the dark and dank cell, the guards laughing as he tripped and fell on his hands and knees. The finality of the cell's bars locking in place made the last of Percy's stoic façade crumble. Percy quickly blinked back the tears but couldn't help his low whimper as he slowly got back on his feet, his hands and knees smarting. Sniffling, he went over to the small sink above a toilet and flipped on the faucet. The ice cold water hit his scraped and bleeding palms like a thousand needles, making him gasp. Quickly, he brought his wet palms up to his lips and licked at his wounds. As a wolf shifter, his body rapidly healed wounds and his saliva helped to quicken that process. The pain quickly abated and the skin regenerated until they were like new. His knees took a bit longer, but after a few minutes of moving his legs up and down had them healed. 

He jumped when he heard a rustling of clothes. A large shadow at the corner of his cell began moving towards him. Percy backed away until his back was pressing up against the silver bars. He hissed and jerked forward as the metal made contact with his skin, lightly burning his exposed skin. 

"What the hell are you doing here?" the menacing shadow spit at him. 

The man stepped out from the shadows and the dim prison lights illuminated his face. He had silted green eyes, sharp cheek bones, and thin pale lips. Percy could cut himself on those cheek bones. Wrapping his arms around himself, Percy shivered under the man's gaze. Peering up from under his lashes, Percy saw a large, tall man. He was even bigger than the guards. He smelled like some kind of reptile shifter. 

"I-I killed a man," Percy whispered. The man snorted in derision. 

"A little squirt like you? You're still wet behind the ears, pup." 

Percy quickly glanced up at man, wondering what the other man was in here for. His tongue darted out in a quick swipe to his lips.

"Did you kill a man, too?" 

"No." Percy let out a relieved breath. The man couldn't be so bad then. Before the guards had thrown him in here, they'd been laughing about putting him in here with the "Killer". They had probably just been trying to make him scared. 

"I killed a bunch of men."

All of Percy's relief instantly flew out the window, or rather the cell bars at the man's confession. Gulping down a big wad of spit, Percy almost swallowed his tongue. 

"Did they deserve it?" Although he'd never condone murder, there were times when it was just inevitable with certain bad men. 

"The man you killed, did he deserve it?" the man asked, cocking his head to the side in curiosity. Percy looked up in surprise. This man was the first to ask him that question. When his Alpha had found Percy next to the bleeding body of the pack's beta, he'd been instantly condemned. They hadn't asked about the vicious bruises on Percy's own body, or the bleeding from the many bite marks on his body. The council had quickly decided his fate and before he could say anything in protest, he'd been driven here to the paranormal correctional facility. 

"I thought so at the time," Percy mumbled as he maneuvered around big man so that his back was against the cement wall instead of the bars. If the guy planned to attack him, he preferred that his skin wouldn't also be burned. He was already in enough pain for ten people and he didn't need to compound on it. 

The man followed him step for step. "And you don't think so now?"

Percy just shrugged, looking at the various stains on the floor. "I got exiled form my pack, my parents won't talk to me, and I'm stuck in here with you for foreseeable future." 

"If I was a little more sensitive, I'd think you didn't like me," the man teased with a small smile. Percy glanced up to catch a fleeting sight of the smile and he answered in return. 

"My name is Percy," he offered in a soft voice. He reached a tentative hand out to the man, wondering if he would take it. The big man stepped forward until Percy had to arch his neck up at an uncomfortable angle to look up the man. His large, calloused palm griped Percy's and he gasped as a sudden tingle went up from his fingers to spread throughout his body. He jerked up to meet the man's curious amber eyes and bit his lips to suppress yelling out that this man was his mate. 

"Name's Sabre." Sabre quickly pulled his hand away with a bemused frown, looking at his hand. "You're a wolf shifter?"

Percy savored the sound of his mate's name in his head. Sabre. It suited him. 

Percy nodded. "I'm from the Wind Heights Pack. I was the omega up until, well, you know. I smell reptile on you. Are you an alligator or a lizard or something?" He wanted so badly to know more about his mate. It didn't matter that he'd always pictured his mate as a wolf. After all these years and he finally found him in the last place he'd think to look. Percy hugged himself tighter, the urge to reach out and touch his mate overwhelming him and making his body shake. 

"Something like that. Look, I haven't had anyone stay in my cell for all the years I've been here and I like it like that. I'm sure the guards will come back in the morning and take you to another cell." 

It was like an arrow to his heart to hear that his mate didn't want him around. Hell, the man didn't even look like he knew that they were mates. Percy knew he couldn't be wrong, the man's scent, his touch-it all called to his wolf. If he'd been in his wolf form, he'd be wagging his tail with his tongue lolling out. 

Offering a trembling smile, Percy offered Sabre's own words back to him. "If I didn't know better, I'd think you didn't like me." 

Sabre cocked a brow at him and he blushed, ducking his head down. The man's wry laughter filled the cell. 

"You're a shy little thing, aren't you?" 

Percy nodded. His Alpha had always harped on his lack of social skills, always pushing him into situations that made him uncomfortable. His family had been of the same mind. Percy wondered if his shyness would be unattractive to his mate. 

"You wouldn't even make a good midnight snack for me, little wolf." 

"You don't know that," Percy retorted, absurdly insulted. 

Sabre smirked. "It sounds like you actually want to stay with me."

Percy pouted. "And if I want to?"

Sabre blinked, clearly not expecting that answer. For a moment, he looked at a loss for words. The little wolf was certainly turning out to be a surprise. 

"Trust me, pup, you don't. If you knew all the things I've done, you'd be clawing at those silver bars there trying to get out." 

Percy opened his mouth to protest, wanting the man to understand that he couldn't. He didn't understand why Sabre didn't know they were mates, but he was sure time together would make the reptile realize they were fated for each other. But before anything could come out of his mouth, a guard's yell interrupted them. 

"Lights out! Get to bed, you sick fucks." 

All the lights systematically shut off, until all Percy could see was the glowing amber of Sabre's eyes. Many of the other inmates growled and yelled obscenities as the guards banged on a few cell doors, trying to get them to go to bed. A low buzzing started and the silver bars began vibrating. 

"A witch's spell. Touch the bars and they'll slice your fingers off," Sabre answered Percy's unspoken question. 

"D-did you cut your fingers on one of them?" Percy's heart ached at even the thought of anything hurting his mate. He might have just met this man a few minutes ago but he already felt the mating pull. His skin itched with the need to be touched by his mate, his wolf clawing at his human skin to be let out. 

"I once pushed an inmate's face in them," Sabre stated, his amber eyes flashing. 

Percy nodded, not wanting to know anymore. He couldn't imagine under what circumstances Sabre would want to main a man like that, but he just couldn't imagine his man as a bad mate. He didn't think fate would pair him with a man that was a senseless killer. So far, Sabre seemed like a man who kept to himself nothing screamed out sadistic in the man's behavior. 

"Um, I'd like to go to sleep now." It had been a long day, but Percy also needed time to think. Maybe it was the mating pull that made him want to believe Sabre was a better man than what he actually was. 

"There's only one bed. Take the floor." 

Percy slowly slid to the floor, Sabre's harsh tone sapping away the rest of Percy's energy. He'd been attacked, kicked out of pack, thrown in prison, met a mate that didn't even know they were mates let alone want him and he just had enough. It was more than what one omega could take in day and now he just wanted to loose himself in the oblivion of sleep. He'd rather be snuggled up in his mate's arms taking comfort in his strength, but Percy doubted Sabre was the cuddling type. Hell, the man could be straight and Percy wouldn't be surprised. The way his day was going, he half suspected fate would try to screw him like that. Maybe that was why Sabre didn't want to acknowledge that they were mates. 

Curling up in small ball to ward off the chill, he burrowed his head in his arms. The floor was sticky and smelled distinctly of vomit and blood. Percy couldn't be bothered to care, not now. The floor was hard on his bruised body, the healing bite wounds still raw. The beta had really done a number on him after getting him alone and cornered off from the pack. When Percy had refused to do what the man demanded, the stronger wolf had attacked Percy. He could still feel the razor sharp teeth ripping through his tender flesh. The beta's jaws had bitten down on his neck, holding his down while his claws hands had raked down his back and ...

Percy whimpered at the dark memory, willing himself to forget. His heart rate had gone up and his upper lip and forehead was sweaty. He wanted to splash some water on his face, but he was too afraid to get up least he disturb his mate's sleep. The man didn't snore, but Percy could tell he was sleeping by the man's even breathing. 

He must have dozed off for a few hours but when he woke up, all he could see was an impregnable black. He could barely see his hands that were just a few inched form his face. 

Without warning, he felt rough hands grab at his body. Screaming out, Percy thrashed against the hold. He was reliving all those angry, frantic moments when he'd struggled for his life. The taste of blood filling his mouth, his own sweat mixing in with his tears, the bruising grip on his thighs...it came back rushing to him. But this time the beta wolf was too strong; he was going to finally take Percy. He was shoved onto a mattress face down, his yells muffled by the pillow. Sobbing, Percy got onto his knees but the beta's hands pulled him back and flipped him over. Vowing to make this as hard on the beta as possible, Percy clawed at his attacker's face with his shifted claws. Blood splattered down on his face but he didn't care. 

A sudden, sharp slap to his face snapped him out of his nightmare as he realized that the beta couldn't be attacking him. He was dead. Percy had killed him himself. His breathing was hard and shallow as he tried to find his bearings. 

"What the hell was that, little wolf?" Sabre's hot breath hit Percy's face. He looked up into those amber eyes and shook his head, whimpering. 

The man seemed to understand that he couldn't talk about it now, so he let it go. Percy felt the man tuck himself behind his smaller body and pull a blanket over them. A single tear slid down Percy's face as he felt his mate's body slowly warm his own. He clasped his shaking hands over his mate's wrists and locked them around his body. 

"Please don't let me go," Percy pleaded, feeling safe for the first time in years in the cage of his mate's embrace. 

Sabre cleared his throat uncomfortably, but tightened his arms around the smaller man. 

"You were thrashing around on the floor, yelling out for help. You looked cold," Sabre grumbled. Percy snuggled farther into the reptile's hold, not caring that he was probably pushing his boundaries. He needed to be held by his mate. The reptile's clean and sharp scent was intoxicating, and he inhaled deep. This might be the only opportunity to be this close to this man and Percy fully intended on taking advantage of that. 

"I'm okay now," Percy sighed, feeling the man's heartbeat thump against his back and though his body. It was slowly lulling him back to sleep. For the rest of the night, his mind was blissfully devoid of any dreams. 

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

Sabre had learned from early on to sleep with one eye open, especially if he was in prison. In his two hundred and thirty eight years, he'd been imprisoned five times now and he knew the drill. So when he woke up from a deep sleep to find he was nuzzling into chocolate brown curls, his immediate reaction was to grab the man's throat and throw him off. But just as his fingers curled into a crushing grip on the man's throat, he whimpered and tried to duck down under Sabre's armpit. Realizing he presented a greater threat to the curly haired man than the man did to him, he slowly released the skin and watched as a blood red handprint appeared on his pale throat. 

Feeling just a little bit guilty, a first for him, he rubbed a thumb over the mark, awed that he hadn't yet woken the little wolf. Sadistic bastard that he was, he liked looking at his hand print on the man's neck. He ran his tongue over his abnormally elongated fangs, longer than even a normal paranormal's should be. Being the kind of reptiles that he was, his fangs were extra sensitive. He grunted when the wolf squirmed in his arm, rubbing his face against one of his pectoral muscles. 

Sabre tried to untangle himself from the mess of limbs but the wolf was surprisingly strong, his legs and arms twined around his body like a vise. He felt a familiar bulge against his thigh, not unlike his own. The wolf's hand was dangerously close to his own hard cock, the fucking moron more than ready for Sabre to flip the clingy wolf over on his stomach and shove into his tight ass. Disregarding every warning signal from his brain, his other hand smoothed down the wolf's back to grab at the man's ass. He bit back a hiss when he felt the firm globes fit perfectly within his palm, almost begging to be slapped. 

Fuck, he was screwed. 

Having had more than his fair share of ass, both female and male, Sabre had no compunctions about indiscriminate sex; but something about this particular wolf had him on edge. The moment he'd smelled the man's scent coming down the lone corridor towards his cell, his cock had been doing a happy dance behind his pants. When's he'd been shoved into the cell, Sabre had both wanted to growl at the guards for daring to touch the man but he'd also wanted to thank them for handing him such an appealing little twink. He was in fucking prison, not a fuck service. It would be beyond moronic to get involved with some jail bait like him, who looked like he hadn't even hit fifty yet, the usual age of maturity for paranormals. 

"Wake up inmates!" 

The guard's shout was immediately followed by glare of lights from the florescent tubes on the hallway ceilings. Not wanting any of the guards to see them both entwined like lovers, Sabre quickly shoved off the bed and got up off the bed. Percy moaned in protest at the sudden lack of warmth and curled into himself. Shaking his head at the defenseless wolf, Sabre wondered how's he's make it in the world so far. As beautiful as the shifter was, had he been thrown in any other cell he'd be waking up screaming a cock already shoved in his ass. The pup needed to be taught that he couldn't just curl up against an inmate like that and fall asleep without worry. 

The cold water from the sink served to shock the last of the sleep from his eyes. Brushing his teeth in quick strokes, he did his business and shook himself off before washing his hands. When he looked back at the bed, Percy had turned on his stomach and the waistband of his pants had ridden down until Sabre had a great view of the two, adorable little dimple over the man's ass. Those tiny little indents were the perfect place for Sabre to press his thumb into as he held onto he smaller man's waist and thrust his dick into his ass. Sabre let out a growl when he felt his cock hardening again at the thought. Walking over close to the bed, he flicked his still wet fingers towards the man's face. 

Percy squeaked and his eyes popped open as the small drops of cold water hit his face. He looked up fearfully at the man scowling down at him and pulled the covers up to his chin in a futile attempt to protect himself. Percy highly doubted some scratchy wool would be sufficient protection against the hulking behemoth. 

"Get up." 

Percy nodded and scrambled from the bed, his legs getting tangled even further in the blankets. With an impatient snort, Sabre jerked the covers from Percy's body. But that sudden move made Percy fly from the bed to fall to the floor in an inelegant heap. Sabre sighed loudly in exasperation and Percy quickly clambered to feet. 

Sabre nodded towards the sink, but Percy stood mesmerized by his mate. This morning, without the confusion and heartache of being thrown from his pack to this miserable place, Percy was able to fully appreciate his handsome mate, well, he thought Sabre looked handsome. His face was all harsh angles, with a blade nose and broad, sharp cheeks. Thin lips were pressed tightly in a frown, but they were unbelievably pink and looked so very soft and pink. Percy had an almost unmanaged urge to lick at those lips for hours, until Sabre might deign to open his mouth and allow Percy entrance. 

"Percy!" Sabre snapped. Percy jerked his eyes to meet the man's gaze and flushed in guilt. "Go wash."

"Yes, sir." Percy quickly turned his back on the man and went to do his business. He heard a low groan from the man, as if he was being tortured but he was too scared to ask. This morning, Sabre was acting aloof, and seemed nothing like the man who had carried him to bed and warmed him through the night. It was a little embarrassing to go on the toilet, especially knowing his mate was watching and listening so Percy screwed his eyes shut, shoved his pants to his knees and quickly did his business. But the time he'd washed his hands, all the blood in his body had taken up permanent residence on his face. 

Taking a deep, he slowly turned around but couldn't lift his gaze above Sabre's knees. With his hands clasped in front of him, he waited. For what, he didn't know. 

"Um, what do we do now?" Percy asked when he had stood there for more than five minutes watching Sabre stretch his limbs out without either of them talking. 
