 Before, I had spent 2 weeks in the county jail and, I thought that was all done and gone, and would be forgotten. But about 4 months later, I was almost thinking how can I sign up for another 2 weeks. I felt humiliated about the experience, but so turned on too. More than once I had jerked off to the memory of that humiliation.

A 25-year-old man thinking about being used by other inmates for their pleasure... Damn what was wrong with me?

Well one Friday night, I had taken a date downtown to the movies and was walking back to my car, when going around a corner, I ran smack into Mike, my biggest tormentor from the jail. I almost shit!

It only took a second for him to think, and then recognize me.

"Well look what just dropped into my lap." he said. "I been thinking about you lately, and I think we should renew our acquaintance."

My girl friend was very puzzled, how could I possibly know this tough black guy? I stammered and sweated.

Mike grinned from ear to ear and said, "You come over here and let's us have a little conservation."

How could I refuse we stepped away about 10 feet and then he said "You want to please me, or have me to fill in the little miss about our fun times?"

"NO. NO she doesn't know anything about that." I whispered.

"Then you are going to do just what I say. You're going to bring your pretty mouth over to my place, and WE, are going to have some fun!"

I stammered and tried to talk, finally got out, "Bu, bu, but I can't, I have to take her home."

He smiled, "Yes, maybe, or maybe she should join us. She would get a lot of good education out of it as a matter of fact, I guarantee it." Mike said smiling like a Cheshire cat.

"NO NO no no please; w-w-what do you want? I'll do, I'll do, anything!" I stammered.

"You take little miss home, and, I want you back at my house -- NAKED! On your knees in 15 minutes."

"I, I, I c-c-can-n't, I have to take her hom, h home and that will be... a-at least 20 minutes" I said. I was almost crying.

"OK, I can be reasonable, you take here home, and you come right back; 40 minutes. Let's see that would be like; 10 minutes after 11." he said. "Just to be sure, you give me your wallet, then you got to come back."

What could I do I handed him my wallet. Then we borrowed a piece of paper and pen from Karen's purse and he wrote down his address.

"OK, GO!" he laughed. "GO BOY!"

I turned and grabbed Karen and got to my car and started driving her home. Realizing that I had lost a bit of my time all ready.

All the way home she wanted to know what was going on, all I could do is stammer out stupid answers, as I drove as fast as I dared. Too little time left, gotta drive just fast enough to not get pulled over. I got her home and I left right away. She was pissed! Last time she'll see me I thought. But that is another story.

As I drove, and as I thought about what would probably happen to me, my stupid little cock got hard. Why should I get a hard on when I am about to be used and humiliated? What am I some kind of sicko? I got to Mikes neighborhood and started looking for his house number, I was out of time, got to find it quick. Ha there it is, I ran to the front door and knocked.

Nothing, I knocked again, I sweated! My knees were weak my hands were sweaty.

And my stupid cock was hard.

Finally I heard Mike from inside, "Go around to the side door."

I went to the side door and knocked again, I waited. Finally Mike opened the door.

"Your late."

"I'm sorry." I stammered.

"I said 'here, and naked by 11:10." he said "So get naked, and on your knees."

I waited for him to open the door and step aside so I could get in.

But he didn't move. He just looked at me like I was stupid. Then I realized what he wanted. My shaking hands went to take off my shirt, then off with my pants and underpants. They got tangled in my shoes. I took off my shoes, socks, everything, and stood there naked. He pointed down.

I went down to my knees. We were around on a side porch but I felt like I was naked and on my knees in the middle of downtown. I knelt there for only a minute I guess, but it seemed like hours.

Then he stepped back and had me crawl in.

He said, "Heel boy."

I crawled behind him to the living room.

Louis was there, sitting in a big lounger, and to my shock, his black girlfriend was on the couch. She laughed heartily. "Look at the little white boy, a little sissy, and look at that little white sissy boy dick."

"All he would be good for is a sissy." And she laughed more.

Mike turned around and said "Watch this, come on boy crawl over here and get what you want. Come on get it out!"

What else could I do? I crawled over and loosened his belt and pants, pulling them down revealed his straining cock trapped in his underpants.

I pulled down his underpants, and freed that cock.

It bobbed in front of my mouth with a little pressure on the back of my head, he had me moving forward, opening my mouth, and taking in his COCK.

His girlfriend Jackie started laughing again. "Look and the little white sissy suck cock." Mike told her "You watch, maybe you will learn something. He is going to do it all." And then he said something that scared me big time, "Just wait till the other guys get here."

"Other guys!" I thought, "Damn how far is this going to go?"

I sucked his cock just as I had learned he liked it. I didn't want to piss him off, here, here I was the one out of his element, naked and totally vulnerable.

Jackie kept laughing at me, and making remarks about my cock sucking.

Louis had taken out his cock and was stroking it.

I knew it wouldn't be long before I had that cock in my mouth, or ass too.

More guys coming, more cock for me to take, more loads of cum shooting into me. I wanted to cry, but my cock was still straining, so hard it almost hurt, and a big black cock was filling my mouth. It rammed over my tongue, and jammed my throat over and over. He pumped that cock into my mouth. Mike pumped his cock, in my mouth, in my "hole". My face was being fucked by black cock. Hard, thick, sweet, black cock.

I was drooling gagging, being used.

Soon he was moaning, and I knew that soon, his cum would fill my mouth and throat.

Louis was now standing up next to us, and, I knew as soon as Mike pulled out, Louis would stick his cock deep into my working, sucking mouth.

My mouth just a hole to fill for their pleasure.

Just a cum pig, on my knees for them.

"Ready?"; here came Mikes cum, pump, pump, pump, his cock shot into my mouth. Loads of cum!

I tried to swallow, but I was gagging on his cock and cum. It drooled out of my mouth, onto my chest, my eyes watered, I choked, and Jackie laughed.

As soon as Mike was done, when he had used me for his first pleasure, his cum still in my mouth, he pulled out, and Louis's big black cock jammed into my mouth and throat. All of a sudden, I was turned on, I wanted that cock, I wanted to be humiliated, I wanted to be used in front of these men and Jackie.

I sucked; I moved my head up and down ramming his cock into my throat, swallowing it down, massaging it with my throat muscles.

And Jackie was laughing more, "Dam look and the white sissy go! He loves cock more than me".

"FUCK HIM, FUCK HIS FACE!"

"Feed it to him Louis!"

Then I heard a knock at the door. Mike yelled, "Come in, come in and get ready for some first class cock sucking from this little jailbird cock slut."

Then 2 more guys walked in, they both laughed when the saw me on my knees sucking Louis's cock.

And then Louis shot a load of cum into my mouth his cock was pumping out lots of cum, I gagged and swallowed as much as I could. Then I waited, waited to see what was still in store for me, their little white bitch and lots of hard black cock.

To be continued!!