 INTRODUCTION

Eric Williams was lying in bed reflecting on what had transpired that day. In spite of the fact that he had cum four times that afternoon, he was stroking his stiff nearly eight-inch cock. He still had difficulty facing the reality of his actions. At 18 years of age, he was for the most part inexperienced with sex. He had received hand jobs and blow jobs from a couple of sluts who were known to put out at school. They liked his big dick. He had not had intercourse and certainly not anal sex until earlier that day. The last thing he ever expected was that it would be with his neighbor Scotty.

Eric had just graduated from high school. He was a decent athlete lettering in both soccer and track. At 5'9" he weighed a fit 160 pounds. He was not a handsome boy and did not have any girlfriends. He had light brown hair and a chiseled physique from working out at the Y. He was blessed and well endowed with a thick cock just a smidge under 8" long. His neighbor Scotty was 21-years-old. 

Scotty was home from college that summer. Although he was sexually active at college, he didn't have gay friends in town. His parents both worked and they had a nice home with a swimming pool in the back yard. Scotty liked to swim and sunbathe at home. He was 5'7" and weighed a trim 140 pounds. His body was smooth, slender and effeminate and he had long blonde hair. His legs were shapely like a young woman and he had an ass most women wished they had.

As Eric lay in bed recalling that afternoon it was still difficult to believe that he had fucked Scotty three times. Each time he came in the sweet shapely ass. He had never thought of anal sex as being exciting but now he was hooked on it. Scotty had invited him to come over again tomorrow. Eric felt embarrassed by his behavior but yet he knew that he would return the next day.

EARLIER THAT TUESDAY

Scotty had seen Eric working in his yard Tuesday morning wearing just cut off shorts. It was a hot day and Eric's muscular body glistened with sweat. Scotty admired the build on the teenager. Even though Eric was not a handsome young man, Scotty liked his body. He approached Eric and invited him to come over after lunch to go swimming. Eric was thrilled and accepted.

Once he finished his chores that morning, Eric showered and made lunch for himself. Later he put on his swimsuit, a tee, nylon shorts and flip-flops. He walked across the street to his neighbor's house. Scotty was wearing a snug bikini style Speedo when he greeted Eric. He led him through the house out into the backyard. Eric could not help but look at Scotty as he looked so much like a girl from behind. 

Eric was anxious to take a swim as his body was still hot from that morning. He slipped off his shorts and tee and dove into the pool. Scotty joined him and they swam around for several minutes before relaxing in the shallow end. The water was cool and refreshing. When they got out, Scotty got a beer for both of them. Eric was thrilled that Scotty let him have a beer. They sat in lounge chairs and got better acquainted.

"Thanks, so much for inviting me here today. I love your pool."

"Yes, it is nice. You can come over anytime."

"Wow, thanks!"

"So, are you going to college this fall?"

"Yes, but as a commuter student to the Community College."

"I graduate this year and I'm thinking about moving to California. I have a couple of friends who live there."

"That sounds exciting."

"Yes, I'm looking forward to it. Are you dating anyone these days?"

"No not really, I mean I've gone out a couple of times but I don't have a girlfriend."

"Have you had sex yet?"

"Just hand jobs, blow jobs and I fingered a few pussies."

"Well that's better than nothing. You'll get laid soon; I wouldn't be too concerned."

"Yeah, I hope so."

"I'm guessing that you haven't had sex with a guy."

"Hell no, I'm not gay."

"I've been told that oral and anal sex with the right guy can be as enjoyable as with a woman."

"Maybe, but I don't plan to find out. I'm going to take another dip."

"Go ahead, I'll get us another beer."

After his second swim, Eric enjoyed his beer with Scotty and he was glad his neighbor changed the topic away from sex. They relaxed as if they had been longtime friends. The sky was getting overcast and then it began to rain. The unexpected storm had moved in quickly. They gathered up the towels and clothes and dashed inside. 

"Wow that came on us fast."

"Yeah, I guess I should get going."

"Hang out until the rain stops and have another beer."

"My swimsuit is wet."

"Mine is too. Use the bathroom there and put you shorts on while I change too. You can leave your swimsuit in there to dry."

Scotty went to his room and changed into a tee and gym shorts. He purposely went commando as he knew that Eric would be too. He grabbed a DVD from his collection and went to the living room. Eric was already seated with a beer in his hand. Scotty got one for himself and joined the teenager.

"Eric, have you ever watched porn?"

"No, I haven't. I heard about it."

"Well this is a gay porn video but it's very hot. It's my favorite."

Scotty put the DVD in the player and sat back in a chair. Eric sat in another chair and his mind was racing. Was Scotty gay? He must be if he watches gay porn. Eric was nervous but then the video started. Eric was surprised to see two very handsome young men in bed in just their fancy underwear briefs. Both sets were white and one pair had red trim on the waistband and the other was blue.

One of the actors had light brown hair and the one with the blue and white underwear had long blonde hair. It covered his ears and the back of his neck, very much like Scotty. The brown-haired actor was called Todd and the blonde was called Cary. They were talking and Todd was running his fingers along Cary's abs. he asked Cary if he wanted a massage. Cary agreed and rolled over.

Eric was shocked to see that the underwear was more like a jock strap than briefs. He was also shocked at the shapely ass displayed between the waistband and straps. Todd had a bottle of oil in his hands and he dribbled it on Cary's back. He rubbed the oil in but did not spend a lot of time massaging the back and shoulders. Todd pulled Cary's underwear down to his knees and then he poured oil on the curvy buttocks. Todd began to massage the shapely ass and Eric felt his cock twitch.

As the actor massaged the other's ass, Eric was glued to the screen. He never expected to get turned on watching gay guys. Todd hands were all over the lovely bottom. He pulled the cheeks apart revealing the anus and added oil to it. Eric stared as the magnificent ass was fondled, fingered and probed for a seemingly long time. He looked over at Scotty who was engrossed in the video but he had fished his cock out through the leg opening in his shorts. He was stroking his dick as he watched the anal foreplay. 

On the screen, Todd pulled Cary's underwear off and then removed his own. Eric saw that Todd was hung much like himself. Todd then lifted Cary by his hips so that he was on all fours with his face turned toward the screen. Eric watched in amazement as Todd got behind Cary and eased his big cock into the receptive ass. It was a close-up scene and Eric was excited to see the anal penetration. His cock was raging and he had to free it. He fished it out through his shorts as Scotty had done with his.

Now both Scotty and Eric were masturbating as the watched the video. Eric realized that both actors were virtually hairless with smooth unblemished skin. Todd was holding to Cary's hips as he methodically fucked the super fine ass. Eric was still masturbating and watching the video when Scotty moved over to him. He knelt down in front of Eric and spoke softly.

"Keep watching the video, I'll take care of this for you."

Eric didn't know what else to do except let Scotty have his way. He took the big cock, stroked it for a few minutes and then took it in his mouth. Scotty only took about four inches of the thick meat in his mouth but that was plenty. Eric did not look at his neighbor but kept watching the video. Todd had now moved to where he was squatting over Cary and drilling the curvy ass. The camera focused on the penetration and it was incredibly erotic.

He was so engrossed in watching the video that Eric exploded in Scotty's mouth without warning. As experienced as Scotty was, the big load did not surprise him and he swallowed every drop. Eric felt his entire body tingle with the massive ejaculation. He could not believe that Scotty had taken it all. When he looked back to the screen, he saw that Todd was fucking Cary in a missionary position.

Todd was kneeling holding the back of Cary's legs as they fucked. Cary was stroking his cock. It was the first glimpse of the smaller cock. Todd was urging Cary to cum. Cary had an intense look on his face and then he exploded shooting all over his abs and then cum oozed unto his pubes. Todd announced that he was going to cum. He pulled out and shot a huge load right at Cary's anus. 

Eric then watched as Todd pushed his cock back in the sweet ass. Some of his seed was pushed back in and then he repeated it several times. Each time he would scoop up semen with the cockhead and re-enter Cary's ass. The last time he pulled out he rocked back on his haunches with his big dick poking out. Eric was shocked to see Cary move to take Todd's cock in his mouth. That scene ended and before the next one started, Scotty stopped the video. 

"Given the size of your load, I would say that scene turned you on."

"I have never seen anything like that. It was exciting."

"I'm glad you like it. Now would you like to do that to me. Play with my ass and then fuck me."

"I don't know if I can."

"I'll bet that you can. Come to my bedroom."

As if under a spell, Eric followed Scotty to his bedroom. Scotty took off his tee and shorts and lay face down in bed. Eric looked at the shapely bottom and it was every bit as nice as the gay in the video. He felt a stirring in his loins but still wondered if he could go through with it. Scotty tool him to take his clothes off and handed him a bottle of oil.

"You don't have to do my shoulders and back. You can start with my ass."

Eric shed his tee and shorts and took the oil. He let it dribble on the smooth curvy buttocks. He found it easy without Scotty's cock and balls visible to make believe it was a girl's ass. He massaged the lovely globes and let his hand slide in the crack. Scotty had a cute aperture and Eric liked probing it with his finger. Soon he was able to push his entire finger in the sweet ass.

"Use two fingers to get me ready. I need to be stretched good before I take your big cock."

Eric added more oil and then a second finger. Soon his index and middle fingers were gliding in and out with ease. Scotty told him he was ready to be fucked but to go slow. Given Eric's inexperience, Scotty did not want him to enter with one powerful thrust. Eric followed the directions and he was overjoyed when his cockhead had disappeared in the snug chute. Little by little he eased in until his entire cock was buried in the scrumptious ass. 

Keeping his body weight off of Scotty, he moved steadily in and out. His first anal experience was like nothing he could have imagined and it was with his gay neighbor. He loved being in the warm chute and feeling the smooth curvy cheeks as he fucked the lovely Scotty. It didn't seem that he came that quickly but it was quicker than he had expected since he had already cum once. He pressed forward and shot a huge load.

He felt the sphincter grip and release his cock in timing with his ejaculation. It was an exhilarating feeling. He remained hard in the sweet ass still keeping his weight off the slender gay. Eric thought he finally got laid and it was anal sex with a pretty gay man. He heard Scotty's voice.

"Eric let me roll over. I want you to put your cock back in me until I cum."

Eric moved off the slender body and Scotty rolled over sporting a boner. He spread his legs and told Eric to re-enter him. Eric did and watched as Scotty jerked off. His cock looked to be about five inches. The hand flew over the shaft and then Scotty exploded and shot a huge load onto his chest and abs. Eric watched in amazement as he saw another man shoot for the first time, then he backed out of Scotty's ass. Scotty took a hand towel that was nearby and wiped his seed from his body.

"Eric, I'll meet you in the living room. I'm going to douche my ass first. Help yourself to another beer."

Eric had put his shorts back on and sat in the chair with a beer. He was tempted to turn the DVD player back on and watch some more of the video but thought better of it. Scotty came into the living room naked. Eric admired the bare ass as it was lily white compared to the well-tanned body. Scotty had a beautiful ass and Eric felt his loins stir and his cock harden as he remembered what it was like to fuck it. Scotty looked over at Eric and saw the outline of another boner in his shorts. 

"Eric would you like to fuck me again? Would you like to stick your big thick cock in my ass again?" Scotty asked as he wiggled his shapely ass in Eric's direction. 

Scotty's 5" erect dick wavered in the air. He knelt on an upholstered chair and raised his ass in the air. Eric looked at him and though again how he looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking bubble butt. He noticed that Scotty was already lubed and applied a generous amount to his cock. Eric stood behind Scotty and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck for a second time. 

Eric was gentle again allowing Scotty to adjust to the size of his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in the sweet ass and fucked the lovely blonde royally. Eric held on to the pretty twin cheeks of the scrumptious ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Scotty couldn't believe how full he felt with Eric's enormous dick in his ass. Scotty felt Eric tense and then fill his ass with cum for a second time. Scotty fired a blast of cum into the hand towel this time as he did not want to get semen on the furniture. Eric eased his soft cock out of the marvelous ass and Scotty used the towel to catch the semen. He then turned around took Eric's cock in his mouth and sucked him dry and clean. Scotty whispered.

"Let's grab a shower."

They showered separately. Eric agreed with Scotty that it was no different being with a guy then with a girl when it came to getting a blow job or butt fucking. Eric felt his loins stir again just thinking of Scotty's ass. After the soothing shower, he dried himself off and walked back into the Scotty's bedroom. To his surprise Scotty was in bed on all fours with his curvy ass stuck up in the air. Eric felt his cock twinge as he looked at the hot ass. Scotty's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a girl in this position.

"Eric, would like to fuck me again?"

"I'll try."

Eric's cock hardened as he approached the bed. He knelt behind Scotty and began to caress the beautiful ass. He was turned on by the thought of burying his cock in Scotty's shapely ass one more time. He moved closer and lined up the head of his cock with the anal opening. Eric eased his big dick into Scotty's ass for a third time.

Scotty's ass chute was warm and tight as Eric went deeper and deeper into him. Soon he was all the way in and he started a slow fucking motion. He continued to pump the hot ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. He caressed the smooth round cheeks as he fucked it. 

Scotty asked Eric to fuck him harder and quicker. So, he picked up the pace and pounded the curvy ass faster and faster. Eric's balls started bouncing off of Scotty's perineum and Scotty moaned with each thrust of the big cock. Eric could feel his release building and he knew that any moment he would cum in Scotty's ass. His discharge was small and oozed out of his dick into the clenching rectum. Even with the small amount of cum, Eric felt just as exhilarated as he had earlier. Scotty used his talented sphincter to milk the cock and drained it dry. Eric pulled out of Scotty and collapsed on the bed next to him.

Scotty rolled over on his back and jerked off once again. Eric watched as Scotty stroked his cock. He too oozed seed from his dick that pooled around his pubes. They were done and Eric dressed and left the house feeling better about himself than he had in months. He was exhausted and his balls were drained. Scotty had invited him over on Wednesday and he had replied that he would see. However, he was certain that he would return.

WEDNESDAY A POOL DAY

Early Wednesday morning Eric was having breakfast with his parents, Henry and Gladys, before they left for work. He had eggs instead of cereal thinking it would help his stamina later. His dad asked him to organize and clean out the garage that day.

"Sure dad, I'll get that done first thing. If you leave the SUV, I'll take all the trash and recycling to the dumpsters."

"Good thinking, I'll drop your mother off at work and pick her up later. Do you have any other plans today?"

"After I finish my chores, I'm going swimming at the neighbor's. Scotty invited me over."

"Scotty did, well be careful there. I think that young man is queer."

"Henry, you shouldn't say that. You don't know that."

"He's different Gladys. I'm just warning Eric."

"Don't worry dad, if he tries anything, I'll kick his ass."

"That's my boy!"

Eric laughed inside. What would his dad think if he knew that I was fucking Scotty's ass not kicking it? He finished eating and got started on the garage. He wanted to be done by lunch time so that he could spend the afternoon with Scotty. It was a nice day and it would be a great day to be by the pool. His parents left for work and Eric finished his chores by 11:00 AM. He showered, dressed and ate a light lunch before heading to his neighbor's house.

Scotty was glad to see him and they went right outside to the pool. They swam a few laps and then stood in the shallow end of the pool. Scotty reached under water and slipped his hand in Eric swimsuit. The cock hardened immediately in his hand and he squeezed it lovingly. Eric in response fondled Scotty's ass through the Speedo.

Within minutes their swimsuits were pulled down to their knees. Scotty was stroking the impressive cock and Eric was playing with the shapely ass. The two of them enjoyed the foreplay but Eric was anxious to shove his cock in the scrumptious ass. Scotty was just as anxious to receive it. Scotty whispered in Eric's ear.

"Let's get out and go to the lounge."

"Shouldn't we go in the house?"

"No, it's okay here. It's totally private back here."

They got out of the pool and Scotty shed his Speedo and laid face down on the lounge. Eric quickly shed his swimsuit and his big hard dock was already throbbing. He looked around and realized that the backyard was totally private.

"I want you to massage my ass and lubricate my anus." 

Eric followed Scotty's instructions and began to massage the lovely ass. Eric then worked the shapely bottom just as he had the day before. He lovingly massaged the shapely buttocks and lubricated the pucker. He put one then two fingers in Scotty's ass and finger fucked him for several minutes.

"I'm ready for you Eric. I'm ready for you to put your big dick in me. Go slow and make this last a long time."

Staring the entire time at the beautiful curvy ass, Eric got up on the lounge and lowered his body onto the slender gay. He held his erect cock in his hand and guided to the taut anus. Scotty held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up his anus and stretched the sphincter. Eric was thoughtful and gentle as he slowly penetrated the sweet ass. Scotty's ass opened up and welcomed the big cock into the warm snug passage. Eric held still and let Scotty move under him. Once he was satisfied that Scotty had loosened up, he began to fuck the pretty blonde with long steady deliberate strokes.
