 Danny was now mine! I had marked him with my cum, deep inside of his hole, now to certainly be my pussy! My DNA, my man juice, my life force, my boys, my swimmers were now doing their job, they were working frantically to find their way into his hot body, where they would meld with him and become a part of him forever!

I knew that this was a really delicate time and I needed to tread lightly, and make Danny feel really great about this...to compliment him on his hot body, his great performance, and help him realize his desire to want more!

I had kind of crossed a line, I hadn't intended to, but my/our orgasms were so strong my brain kind of fried for a minute, I didn't intend to call his ass a pussy, especially MY pussy, at least not yet! That could cause an issue with Danny's masculinity, but I knew for certain that he would want this again and want it badly! So I started working that!

Jake had definitely called my ass his pussy and that was bothering me! But he kept himself wrapped around me and his cock still deep inside of me, and he started nuzzling my neck, and telling me how hot I am, and how great it was, how amazing it was to share something like this with his best friend of all these years. For a few minutes he not only nuzzled against my neck, he was actually kissing my shoulder, neck and ear, and even after the mind and body shattering orgasm I was shivering from what he was doing. I realize how hot, sexy and comforting it was to have Jakes, amazing hairy, muscled body wrapped around me, even the fact that we were sweating like pigs was sexy. I also noticed a scent in the air, it was my scent, his scent, it smelled like cock, balls, semen, sweat and more...I guess ass.

Jake being so sweet and sexy with me started to make me lose some of my concern about the pussy comment. Then Jake told me that he was going to slowly pull out of me, and that it would feel a bit weird for a few seconds, and that I may feel an emptiness, that I wasn't used to, but it would be fine. Then he told me not to move afterward that he would go get a towel, and there was a lot of juice going to come out of my ass, but all was fine, even if some spilled or leaked, it was a leather couch and a tile floor all could be dealt with.

Well the leakage thing kind of scared me, but I decided to stay put! Before Jake started to pull out, he leaned in close to my neck and kind of nuzzled and then kissed it again. Then very sexily he whispered into my ear, "I love you brother, this was the hottest, most amazing sex of my entire life and I got to share it with you, my best friend, my best buddy in the entire world, thank you! I hope we both decide to do it again, and again!"

That statement and the fact of his comforting and massaging my body relaxed me a lot about what had just happened. But I was pretty certain we had made a total change to our near life long relationship and I hoped that was a good thing, not a bad thing!

I was so high on this, and so happy to finally have Danny, but I also knew this was a very delicate time, and I need to handle Danny gently and make him feel very good about this and its effect on our relationship, BUT, there was one thing that I felt was very important to do! Yes I had marked him with my cum, it was inside of him right now, doing its job to make him totally mine, but he had just taken it, probably not knowing it was going to happen. I knew it was symbolic for me, and I wanted it to be symbolic for him, that right now, after he had cum, after some of the high of his orgasm was wearing off, I wanted him to take my cum voluntarily I wanted to mark him again, of his own accord, and that had to be in his mouth!

Fuck, this whole thing was so wild! I had enjoyed it a lot more, hell tons more than I ever imagined I would, not that I had ever really thought about it, but it was fucking amazing! Who knew so much pleasure could come from your ass, getting it stretched open and actually pounded. I was fairly spent. Part of it was the nervousness and the unknown of what would happen and how it would feel, but part of it was the pure energy burned during the sex!

As I caressed and coddled Danny I slowly removed my still hard cock from his hole, my pussy now! "Oh fuck Danny, your hole is now even prettier since it's been fucked, it's all pink and gorgeous!" I moved behind him again, and licked some of the juice that had leaked from him. "Oh fuck Danny, this is amazing!"

Then a bit of my cum trickled out of him, just a bit at first and I immediately licked that up too! When he turned toward me, I pulled him in for a deep kiss! He had to know that it was a mixture of our juices, and he didn't resist when I started kissing him!

Fuck, Jake had just kissed me with some of whatever juices were flowing out of my butt, and I was also sure it was some of his cum and whatever juices of mine were mixed in too! The weird thing is that I didn't find it repulsive.

"Danny, just stay here, I'm going to get some things to clean us up a bit!"

First he went to the frig and grabbed a couple of beers, and opened mine and handed it to me. Then he opened his and before taking a drink held it up to me for a toast and said, "To some fucking amazing fucking with my best bud!"

We were so thirsty and spent that we both chugged about half of each of our bottles.

I couldn't help really checking out Jakes body as he strolled away, and soon he returned with a wet cloth and a couple of small towels. First he gently wiped my face, then he wiped my chest and did the same thing to himself. Then I saw him notice the cum dripping down the back of the leather couch, and the big puddle on the seat below it!

"Wow stud, that's a huge load! You usually shoot that much?"

I just shook my head no, and he got a big grin on his face. "Well buddy, glad to know I can help you have such an amazing orgasm! Hope you're up for doing it again!"

Before I could answer I watch in awe as Jake leaned in and scooped some of my load off the couch and brought his finger to his lips and slurped it in! "Awh, necture of the gods!"

And then he kissed me!

It was kind of weird kissing him now that I had cum and was no longer in a frenzy, and kind of weird to be tasting my cum from his mouth!

I saw Jake look down at his cock that was covered in his cum and my juices, and he got a big smile on his face, and said, "Come on stud, we've tasted your cum, let's taste mine!"

I really wasn't sure about this, but something told me that this was important to Jake, like some kind of bonding ceremony or something. I really didn't want to do it, but I reached out my finger to get some cum from the head of his cock, and he stopped me!

"No buddy, not like that!"

"What?"

"Well it's going to go into your mouth anyway, just get it that way, and then we can share it!"

This was something that was really beyond my desires, and I almost said no, but when I looked up at Jake, there was such a sexy look in his eyes and I almost felt as if he was pleading, but either way I could tell that this was important to him, so I took a deep breath and leaned in and licked the tip of his cock! Then I stood up and we deep kissed for about 20 seconds, and he said, "Fuck that's so hot buddy, get some more!"

Some small part of me felt that this was kind of gross, but at the same time I was doing it with my best friend Jake and that made it kind of hot! This time I took the entire leaking head of his cock into my mouth and slurped up a lot more juice. Then we kissed again, and it just got hotter and hotter!

This was my dream come true! Finally! I had taken Danny's cherry, not only had he sucked my cock, I had fucked him deep, I had made his ass cum like a pussy, which of course is the start of turning into a pussy, I had made his cock shoot hands free, and I had shot my load deep inside of his newly formed ass pussy and marked him as my bitch! Then he had willing taken a mixture of our loads actually eating my cum, making a double mark of him as my bitch, and he seemed to love it!

Suddenly I felt something kind of gurgle inside of me! I didn't know what to expect, but I had never had that type of feeling before, and I told Jake I thought I needed to go to the bathroom! He pulled me to him and kissed me deeply and massaged my ass cheeks deeply, and told me not to worry, it was just his cum and my juices, and it was best for me to try to hold them inside, that it was the perfect lube for what was coming next!

Chapter 3

I had no idea what else there could be to come next, but Jake finished his beer, fired up the bong for another big hit, grabbed the bottle of poppers, and led me to his bedroom.

Jake spun me around and what ensued next was the hottest fucking kiss I've ever experienced! It was deep and it was passionate, his strong arms where around me pulling me tighter and tighter to him, it was then that I realized I was hard again, or hell maybe still hard!

He pulled me down on the bed with him and said, "The last time was amazing, this time will be stellar, I am going to make mad, passionate love to you!"

"But Jake, I have all this juice inside of me, and..."

"That is the world's best lube, and your hole is still open from before, I should be able to just slide right into you and it will be total pleasure for the very beginning, trust me Danny!"

"But Jake..."

I didn't get to finish my sentence, Jake was a man on a mission and I knew that it was usually pretty futile to try to derail that! What the fuck I thought, I enjoyed the hell out of getting fucked a few minutes ago, why would this be any different!

Danny was giving into my desires as he usually did concerning other things, but this was exactly what I wanted! I had fucked him and we had both loved it and had amazing orgasms, my orgasm was the normal kind, Danny had an orgasm front and back and I fully intended to make his ass, now pussy cum again, and if his boy dick shot too, that was just a bonus! As for later, I really didn't care if his dick shot or not, as I wanted him as my bitch and all of his sexual satisfaction coming from his new pussy! This wasn't a punishment, this is just the way it's supposed to be between a man and his bitch!

His giving into letting me have my way on fucking him again, was similar to him eating my cum, he was submitting, and that is what I truly wanted, and even though he didn't know it, he did too!

Jake got on top of me and put my legs over his shoulders and moved in for some more intimate and powerful kissing! I realized that I was giving myself up for him. I was also giving up some of my masculinity in the process, but remembering the feelings of his cock inside of me, allowed me to push that to the side. Fuck I was submitting to him! I couldn't help it, and I told him that this position made me feel like a girl! He just reassured me that it would be much more pleasurable for both of us, then he smiled and said, "So what if you feel like a girl right now you're getting fucked! Then, his deeper more intense kissing quelled those feelings!"

His kissing was more and more intense, more and more wet, and more and more passionate. He only broke it for a minute to go back down and lick my hole, it didn't get passed me that this time he didn't even touch my cock, he was only interested in my butt!

When he came back up to start kissing again, his beard, mustache, lips and tongue were coated with the juices from my butt. It was kind of sexy to see his face messy like that knowing it had come from my butt. He saw me see it and leaned into me and I slightly opened my mouth to kiss and he let a little bit of the juice escape from his lips and followed up with a very hot kiss!

I felt his thick hard cock in my crack searching for my opening! With a fire of lust in his eyes he said, "Danny open up for me, give me that hot wet pussy, I am going to fuck you into next week!"

Fuck there he was with the pussy thing again, now I was back to feeling like a girl! Well at least it was his girl!

Danny didn't flinch when I fed him my cum and his own ass juices again, I did notice a flicker of resent in his eyes when I called his ass my pussy, but it passed quickly! I couldn't help thinking, you are the hottest fuck I've ever had, and I intend to make you mine!

His cock slowly, but steadily slid into me, and I have to admit, it kind of felt like it belonged there!

I was still kissing Danny when my big, thick, hard, hairy cock slid into his tiny boy hole, the hole that I was busy turning into my own personal pussy! I knew that I could love, care for, and fuck this boy for the rest of my life, and never want to fuck anyone else, now my mission was to make him feel the same way about me!

Jake was still kissing me passionately! I knew that every fiber of his being was in-tune with me, right now I was his entire world, and he was mine! That was a strange but comforting feeling for two straight men to have with each other!

Unless you have ever felt a large cock slide into your open and willing hole, and have enjoyed every millimeter of close to nine thick inches making its way into your welcoming bowels, I cannot describe the feeling.

The only hitch was when he got to my 2nd gate! I wasn't prepared for the fact that it would be like the first time he slid in there! I moaned loudly into his mouth, actually lungs because by this time we were trading air between each other! The other hitch was that since he didn't break the kiss for even a second, I couldn't use the poppers to get me through this! Jake sensed my discomfort and I was amazed at what he did when he finally did break the kiss! He just offered me his sweaty, fragrant, thickly haired armpit, and I took a couple of deep breaths through my nose, and soon his cock travelled past that second opening, and in under 30 seconds I was experiencing the same bliss that I had earlier.

My hole was very slick from our previous fuck, my 2nd gate yielded easily, and almost immediately there was a gush from my guts above, and the juices were leaking and the air was flowing in loud bursting fart sounds from my stretched open hole!

This seemed to make Jake very happy, and he broke our kiss and smiled at me and said, "Get used to that sound and feeling! This is the sound of a well fuck jock pussy!"

He kissed me deeply again, as we both felt and heard my ass making gurgling sounds, the juices flowing out on each stroke and the loud farting gushes of air now and then depending on how deep he stroked and whether or not he pulled all the way out!

"Danny do you love this as much as I do?"

"It's amazing Jake, you're amazing! I never expected this in a thousand years, but yes I love it!"

"Danny I want to make this so good for you that you never want any other kind of sex again, and never want to give your pussy to anyone else! I know it's selfish, but I want it all to myself, and I will do everything I can to totally please you, I want you to be mine!"

I knew I was pushing the envelope here, but I also knew that he was truly enjoying this and that his pussy was orgasming as I spoke to him! He didn't answer immediately so I started fucking faster, and deeper, going all the way out and slamming all the way in! Danny was starting to make garbled noises that I could only interpret as pure pleasure!

Soon his butt started spasming and I felt wads of hot cum squirting between my hairy abs and his, this sent me over the edge again, and I started pounding him and shooting as deep inside of him as I could! The interesting thing was that I didn't want to stop! I just kept fucking and fucking hard and fast, once in a while pulling out just to hear his pussy make loud fuck noises and so that I could slam in again full length!

Fuck! I was panting so much it almost felt as if I was going to pass out! My ass, well pussy as Jake now calls it was juicing and farting like crazy! He was fucking me so good that my cock shot again, and I felt and heard him shoot his big load inside of me again! Even though I was already wet and juicy in there, the addition of his cum just made it hotter and juicier!

Not that I wanted him to, but I was really surprised that soon after he shot, Jake didn't stop fucking, it just went on and on, and if anything he fucked harder and deeper, until he started hollering and then he shot again!

This time he did soon stop, but I don't think it was because he wanted to, he collapsed his full weight on top of me...I think he was totally exhausted!

I heard a clock chime and looked in it's direction and it was a bit after midnight! I couldn't believe it, we had been having sex for hours, and the session on his bed had started almost two hours ago, no wonder we were both exhausted.

I heard another chime and when I looked at the clock it was after 2:00 a.m.!

I couldn't believe it, we had fallen asleep in each other's arms. When I shifted just a bit, I felt his cock slither out of me, and then the rush of juice and air, again!

This kind of roused Jake, and I had to wonder what our feelings about what we had done would be like now!

He nuzzled into my neck and started kissing, I felt his cock against me, the thick goo of my cum plastering us together, and almost without movement his cock pushed back into me. He kind of mumbled, "Yes, just where it belongs..."

I'm not certain that he was fully even fully awake, when the fucking motions started again. It was a good thing that my juices and his cum were still inside of me, because some things down there were a bit sensitive!

It's been over two weeks since that first night with Danny...he was coming along great! I had now taken over all of his orgasms...he was only allowed to cum when my cock was inside of him. I know that he liked that in some ways, but had a few problems as after he and his wife split, he had become quite the masturbation expert. Time would change that!

I couldn't believe how much of my life Jake had taken charge of in a short period of time! He had all my free time, and also supervised my workouts! At least 70% of my workouts were designed around my lower body making my ass and thighs the main focus. I won't say that I had become addicted to his scent and his cock, but they were both a large part of my life. When he first told me that he wanted to control my orgasms that was strange, but he convinced me that with him in control of them, my orgasms would be much hotter and much more powerful. After the first week, he told me that I could no longer even touch my cock except for a quick washing and to piss, many times I wanted to stroke it while he was fucking me, which was now most of the time, but I had to restrain myself.

It was odd to no longer touch my cock, and he also told me that my butt (now pussy) was all I needed to cum, and cum it did, every time he fucked me it got sloppy and loud! I had cum five times this week with my cock, all while he was fucking me, but my pussy had cum probably 30 times. One time after a long, hot sweaty session, he told me things were going to change and I probably wouldn't like it at first, but again he was going to make my pussy cum more and more, and when my dick came, it would be a stellar event. I didn't really understand what he meant, but I soon found out!

Sunday morning we slept in, and soon after being awake Jake's cock was as usual inside of me, he fucked me harder and more aggressive than usual! My cock hadn't cum in three days, it was as if during our fucking he knew when I was about to cum so he would change things up so I wouldn't!
