 *Dr. Jake Thomas*

The biggest pet peeve of mine is waiting at a red light and listening to my music to have it drowned out by someone else's. I hate that. I hate most music, but I can't put a bubble around me. I was driving to work this morning; I left a little later than usual and he pulled up next to me.

He had all his windows down and there was a heavy metal song blaring, but it was at the end and I was expecting another one to start blasting away. Then the next song confused me because it sounded a lot more calm. OPERA!? He was listening to everything from metal to opera? Wow, I was taken aback. Then he started singing along with the song, again wow.

I looked at him, thank God the light was still red. Oh My God this man is gorgeous, sex on a stick or on two legs, wow. What I could see of him, the chiseled face, the sandy blonde hair, I'm sure his eyes have to be either green or blue behind his shades. What I wouldn't give to get in his bed.

The light turned green and off we went, he sped up and got in front of me and I realized I was following him. Not really following him, we just happened to be heading the same direction. I wonder where he works. I had been driving behind him for almost a half hour, listening to his music change when I could hear it. There was some alternative, and country was thrown into the mix, and then Bach. Holy shit did he have a diverse music palate!

Before I knew it he was pulling into the hospital employee parking entrance. I've never seen him around before, is he a new doctor or administer or what? I will have to find out. He was in a nice dress shirt so he has to be someone important, but he passed the level I normally park on, so I couldn't follow him. I had to get into work and start my rounds. Maybe I will see him later.

*Toby Smith*

It was my first day at this hospital; I just transferred in from across the country. I needed a change, I needed to get away from the bad memories. So when this position opened up it was perfect, it will be a new town and a new opportunity for me to get a fresh start, I pray.

Driving in this morning I pulled up next to a guy at a red light. Holy shit, he was staring at me, but I didn't want to make eye contact and be as obvious as he was. He was nice looking, wearing a nice dress shirt, a little on the short side, (at least that's what I think for how low he sat in his seat). He had dark hair, but a very fair complexion. Shit, does he ever get out into the sun? He drives a little Beemer convertible, so he is flaunting his wealth. Why does he keep following me?

I pulled into the employee entrance this morning and he followed. Maybe I will run across him in the hospital sometime, but today I have to meet with the bigwigs to discuss why we need to set up the security like we have out in LA. So I have a lot of changing to do here, plus I need to do a floor by floor survey of the hospital.

*Jake*

This day sucked, the people coming in and out of the ER this morning were an interesting bunch of idiots. Thank God, the nurse assigned to me for the day is a great one; she helps the day go by. We were standing at the nursing station talking when Mr. Sex on Two Legs walked by, even Nurse Janice stopped talking and looked at him. I couldn't get a good view of his employee badge, damn. Luckily, he was walking through with one of our long time security guards. I'm going to have to hit up Officer Ray and asked him who this guy is. Mr. Sex on Two Legs looked my direction and smiled, but then they were walking down a hallway away from me. Damn, I need to find out who that man is.

*Toby*

After the big meeting this morning (to tell the bigwigs why they are paying me to be their head of security and why they have to shell out more money to fix some security issues) I had one of the older security guys, Ray, walk me around to see the place. I like talking with the older guys because they have been around and they know what issues have come up and if they have been fixed or patched with band aides.

That is when I saw him, the guy who was following me this morning. Of course he is a doctor driving a Beemer; he is more than likely compensating for something. I smiled at him, but was quickly turned down a hallway towards a possible security problem. At least I know where he works now.

*Jake*

I stopped one of the security guards when they were walking through, Janice was nearby. "Hey Carl?"

"Yeah Doc, what's up?"

"Who was the guy Ray was walking around the hospital?"

Carl looked disgruntled, "Yeah, they brought him in from our sister hospital in LA. He's supposed to be some great security consult, but he took on this job as head of security. Guess he's going to make some changes here. Let's see who has a job in a few weeks."

"What's his name?"

"Tobias Smith."

"Thanks, Carl. I'm sure it will be okay." Carl just smiled and walked away.

Janice walked over and grabbed the chart I was holding, laughed, and walked into the next exam room. I walk in, a kid is crying with his hand wrapped in a kitchen towel with the mother white as a sheet. A dog bit him, bit him good too.

Believe it or not I like the ER. I tried to do straight doctor work but I found that to be too boring. At least with the ER, it's a different situation each time and it never becomes the same routine, day in and day out. I still can't wait until my shift is over; it will be nice to get home to relax and think about Mr. Sex on Two Legs.

*Toby*

I sat in my new office for a bit before I got ready to head home. I looked at all the security monitors, and I focused in on the ER. I was watching the doctor for a bit, he carried himself well; he was short like I thought he would be. I might have to make it a point to introduce myself. I turned off all the monitors, grabbed my bag, suit jacket and headed out.

I needed to stop at a grocery store and a few other places; I drove out here with just a few things in my car. I rented my condo sight unseen and I was glad it was actually in a nice neighborhood. I left everything with Charlie, my brother, I didn't care what he did with the stuff. I had what mattered to me.

As I was walking out to the parking structure I found myself walking behind the doctor. Wow did he have a nice ass; I wish he would turn around, but he didn't. He was walking out with the nurse that was with him most of the day, they walked over to the elevator to head up to his floor. I don't take elevators when I can walk. I walked past them and headed to the stairs.

*Jake*

"There's the new guy." Janice informed me.

"Where?" As I turned around to see him walking towards the stairs, you could tell he was in shape. Shit did he have a nice firm ass in those pants of his. His suit jacket covered his ass earlier, now it was slung over his arm. Damn I need to make it a point to meet him.

"Wow, do we have a crush at first sight?" Janice asked. "You're staring a little too hard there Jake."

"He is nice looking though, isn't he?"

"Yeah he is for a gay guy."

"How do you know? My gaydar hasn't even gone off yet."

"Honey, your gaydar never goes off. Trust me, he's gay." Janice laughed at me.

The elevator opens and we get on, go up to our parking garage floor, and head towards our cars. I wonder if she's correct on the gay part. God I hope so! It would make things more interesting for me if he really is. Well I can't think about that right now, I need to head home. The cat isn't going to feed itself, and I surely am not if I don't get to the store tonight.

*Toby*

I stopped at my condo so I could change into some jeans and a t-shirt; I'd like to be a tad bit more comfortable at the grocery store and while I'm out looking at furniture. I hate the monkey suits, but I have to look good when I'm head of security. Damn, do I look good in a suit! I will need to see how the fitness center of this complex is. Will it be suffice or do I need to join a real gym? Mr. Hot Doctor has me a little worked up, so I really need to work out or do something with myself.

I walked back out and headed to my car, and that's when I saw his car. Holy shit, he lives in the same condo complex as me! Gee, is fate trying to tell me something? I must have looked like a deer in headlights standing there because the next thing I knew he was standing and looking at me; I didn't even see where he came from.

He was walking over to me when I finally was able to snap out of it. "Hi, you're the new head of security right?"

"Yeah, sorry for the staring thing, I must have zoned out there for a minute. Yeah I'm Toby Smith, and you are?"

"Jake Thomas, it's nice to meet you." He walked the last few steps forward and stuck his hand out toward me. Wow, it was like electricity coming through his hand when I grasped it. I felt a zap and looked right into his eyes, and just like mine, his widened a little as we shook hands. "Guess we are neighbors as well, this is more than interesting."

"Yeah it seems so. Well I hate to cut this short, but I have a few errands to run tonight. I've been sleeping on the floor since last night so I need to hit a furniture store before it closes. I hope I will see you around."

"Yeah no problem, it was nice to meet you, Toby."

*Jake*

Wow, Mr. Sex on Two Legs has a nice voice; it took everything I had in me not to say, "Why buy furniture when you could come and sleep in my bed?". I watch him climb into his sedan and back out and leave. I need to get to the store; I have to stop obsessing over him and get my ass in gear.

Over the next month I didn't see Toby much, he did walk through my area of the hospital, but he seemed to be very busy trying to do whatever he does in the security department. I did notice that he had a few furniture deliveries to his condo, so he is getting settled in at least. I will have to invite him to have dinner with me. It doesn't matter if we go out or stay in, I just want to get to know him a little. Damn, it will have to be after the retreat I've been picked to go on.

*Toby*

I have been very busy this past month, I didn't get to talk with the sexy doctor at all. I'm still working on getting some of my security upgrades passed by the board; I'm hoping that they will approve them. At least the security guards have settled down, I think they thought I was going to clean house. I may still do that, but as far as I can tell, they are doing their job.

I was a little upset though, I was approached by the hospital administration and informed I was going on a retreat the following week. I told them it wasn't a good time for trust and team building exercises, but they thought it was a great time because I was a new employee. I guess it will give me a chance to get to know other employees from different areas of the hospital. I just gave in, hell maybe it will be a nice retreat, we will see. Maybe this is what I need to take my mind off Mr. Hot Doctor.

Edited 10/9/2017