 FYI -- No Sex In This Chapter.

*Toby*

It is Thursday morning, I didn't get much sleep last night, it is so weird now sleeping by myself, we returned from the retreat last night and the Doc had to drive Janice home. I was hoping that he would come over but he didn't. I did get a goodnight text from him, what are we teenagers? I would have called him, but I know he had to be in this morning too. But if I would have called I am sure we would have been like teenagers and stayed on too long.

My guards were laughing at me all day. They kept telling me it was supposed to be a relaxing retreat and that I shouldn't look like death warmed over. I just told them to do their job, that I just couldn't sleep last night. I did take a walk through the halls mid-morning but didn't run into Jake; he was in one of the ER rooms, I couldn't just hang around to talk to him.

Well, I decided what my first courting idea would be. I called a florist after I did my walk through and had flowers delivered to him, I was able to watch it on the monitors. It was cute seeing his face when he was called to the nurses' station and the delivery person had him sign for them. Janice was smiling, so I knew she knew who they were from. I had the florist sign the card, 'Can't wait for Saturday, and I hope these brighten your day. T.' He looked right at the security monitors and smiled, he must have known I would be watching.

The day went by quick and of course when I was packing up to head home, hoping to follow the Doc out, I got a phone call from administration. They wanted to make sure that I was getting my proposal together for them. The board only meets once a month and they wanted to make sure it was in in time. By time I got off the phone it was thirty minutes after the Doc left.

*******

*Jake*

When I was paged to the nurses' station this afternoon, Janice followed me, we walked up and there was a flower delivery guy standing there. He asked if I was Dr. Jake Thomas, I nodded and he pushed a small clipboard at me to sign, I did and he handed me a box. Janice was standing to my right and was smiling up a storm. I opened the box and there was a dozen of coral roses, I picked up the card and read it. I looked up at the camera in the hallway and smiled, I hope he was watching.

"Coral roses, MMMmmm, do you know what coral roses mean?" Janice said as we were walking towards the changing room so I could put them in my locker.

"No Janice, I don't know what coral roses mean."

She laughed, "You did tell him to woo you, and he is wooing you alright."

"What do they mean?"

"Ask him tonight, you should stop by his condo and thank him for them." She laughed and walked down the hall as I stopped at the changing room.

"You are evil Janice, you could just tell me." All I could hear was her laughter as she turned the corner.

I didn't get time to think about anything else because we had a multicar accident coming in, so I was busy nonstop until it was my time to leave. I went to the changing room and changed back into my slacks and button long-sleeved shirt and headed home. I was half expecting Toby to be behind Janice and I but he wasn't, don't know where he is. I still had my flowers so I will have to get them home and put them in a vase.

When I arrived home, I was pacing back and forth to the window to see if he had pulled up yet, I was hoping I would catch sight of his car before he pulled into his garage but if I don't hear from him before seven, I will walk over and thank him in person. I just happened to catch the door of his garage going down so now I know he is home. Should I wait for him to call me or just go over there? Maybe I should give him some time, I know a lot of people like to unwind a little bit when they first come home.

When seven came around I couldn't handle it any longer, he had been home for thirty minutes, why hasn't he called to ask if I liked the flowers? I left my condo and walked across the way to his door and rang, I had to ring again and then finally I hear the locks turn and he opens the door. Oh my god, he stood there smiling at me, in just a towel, I know my mouth had dropped open.

"Doc, you're staring again. Do you want to come in?"

"Yeah... yeah... I'm sorry." He stands back to let me in and closes the door. "I'm sorry, I didn't give you enough time when you came home, I can come back."

"Doc, its ok, let me just grab some clothes. I will be right back out, make yourself comfortable." Toby said as he walked up the stairs to his bedroom.

I wish I could have said he didn't need to put any clothes on but I told him that we needed to take this slow. God why was I stupid about that? I could have had him in my bed or his bed or shit at the beach any of the week. I asked him to court me, shit what was I thinking? Toby came back down in jeans and a t-shirt, he wasn't wearing shoes or socks, and he sat next to me on the couch.

"Hi." As he sat sideways on the couch so he could look at me.

"Hi, thank you for the flowers." I turned sideways so I could leaned in to kiss him. "What does the color mean?"

"You didn't look it up?" I shook my head. "Doc you will have to look it up to find out."

"What were you talking with Janice, she told me to ask you?" He laughed, so I reached in my pocket to take my phone out and he grabbed it from me. "Give me my phone back, I would like to look it up."

"Nope, tell me before you look it up, what you think coral roses mean." He smiled at me, all I wanted to do was jump on him.

"I only know red and white, red is love and white is innocence."

"Yes that is true, some colors mean, I love you or I am falling in love with you, but coral does not, it means." Toby handed my phone back to me.

I take it from him, seeing that he was keeping his mouth shut for a reason, I looked up meaning of coral roses and the webpage said desire. "Desire?"

*******

*Toby*

"Yes, Doc, desire." God if he only knew how bad I desire him. I leaned in again to kiss him, "I missed cuddling with you last night." I laughed, I sound stupid. "I couldn't sleep well, it is weird we only were in the same bed for a week and now I can't sleep well without you." Yeah I am stupid I sound like an idiot.

"I didn't sleep well either last night." Again I leaned in and kissed him, he didn't sleep well either. Now I was smiling like an idiot.

"Did you eat Doc? I could order pizza or I could see if I have something to whip up." Knowing I had to go shopping since I had been gone for a week, I just grabbed a few items from the quickie mart.

"Pizza sounds good, so does just snuggling here on the couch." Jake said.

Oh God, I wish he would let me take him to my bed, but I will be good. I walked over to the kitchen, pulled out the pizza flyer and asked if there was anything he didn't like on his pizza, he told me he likes everything. I ordered then I grabbed two bottles of beer and walked back to the couch and sat next to him. After giving him a bottle I slid my free arm around his neck and pulled him towards me, I wanted to kiss his lovely lips.

"Mmmmm, that is nice." He melted into me as we sat there, he turned and had his back pressed to my side and his feet up on the couch, I happily held him as we drank our beer.

"Doc, what you doing tomorrow evening?"

"Hoping for some more of this, I like being held by you."

Oh god, he is killing me here, he likes being held by me, I had to smile on that one because I love holding him. I truly love holding him. I never liked holding Jack this much, he was always distant and acted like he didn't want to be touched. Maybe all those years really weren't love after all. "We can do as much of this as you would like, you could stay. I promise like on the retreat I won't do anything but snuggle with you."

"Or maybe you can come and stay the night with me, my cat wasn't too happy with me for leaving for that week, even though I had someone checking in on her."

"Oh yeah I forgot you had mentioned a cat before, would love to meet her to see if she likes me."

"Have you been around cats before?"

"No, not really." I responded.

He laughed, "They are not like dogs, with dogs you are best friends, with cats you are staff and nothing more."

"I have heard that."

"You are there at their beck and call, to fill their food or water dish, when they want to be touched you are supposed to be ready for them day or night." He smiled at me. "And when they don't want to be touched, they will let you know." He laughed again.

"How?"

"Usually by biting or scratching you."

"And you let these things into your home?" I said smiling.

"Yup."

"Still would like to meet, what is her name?"

"Merlin, cause she put a spell on me when I saw her as a kitten." He smiled.

Oh god did I like that smile! I bent down to kiss him again, I could kiss him all night. I could do other things too all night with him. The doorbell rang and interrupted a wonderful kiss. I knew it was the pizza, so I grabbed my wallet off the coffee table and went to the door. When I came back with pizza in hand, the Doc was missing, so I took the pizza into the kitchen where he was getting us some plates and couple more beers.

"You are going to think I am weird, but I can't drink beer and eat pizza."

"What would you like then?"

I laugh, "Milk."

"Milk with pizza!" He exclaimed.

"I told you I am weird." I smiled at him and he walked over to me and reached up and pulled me down in a kiss.

"No not weird, interesting, but not weird. I believe I know why you do it, but I am not going to play doctor here." He smiled.

"Mmmmmmm, I would love to play doctor with you, right now." I laughed. "Maybe a prostate and oral exam, I could think of other things." He just laughed at me and opened the pizza box.

After we grabbed our pizza, milk for me and beer for him, we went back to the couch to eat. We talked a little but we looked at each other more than anything else. When we finished we sat holding hands then I pulled him up so I could lay down on the couch and pulled him to lay on top of me. We snuggled and kissed and for a while he just laid his head on my chest.

*******

*Jake*

Oh god do I love this, he is so sweet and loving, it is just nice laying here on top of him. Hearing his heart beating, when I touch him, his heart speeds up, it is nice to know I have an effect on him. "Would you like to come over to my place tonight?" I heard his heart speed up.

"I would love to; let me grab some clothes so I don't have to worry about making it back here in the morning." I refused to get off him and he looked at me. "Do you not want me to get clothes?"

"No, I do, but I want to lay here with you some more." I heard his heart again, this was really nice.

"Mmmmm Doc, you are killing me here." He held me tighter to him, while dragging his hand up and down my back.

We laid there in silence for a long while, I almost thought he drifted off to sleep but then he started caressing my back again. I looked at the time it was after ten, "Would you like to head over now?"

"Sure Doc." He waited while I got off of him and he ran upstairs to grab a suit, underclothes, and toiletries.

"Would you like to ride with me in the morning?" I asked him, he stopped and looked at me and then smiled.

"Sure."

We walked over to my condo after he locked his. Of course Merlin was nowhere to be found, she didn't like the fact that I brought someone in. We walked up to my bedroom and he hung his suit in my closet.

"Ah Doc, I forgot to bring something to sleep in, I am going commando right now."

I thought about it for a split second, "That is ok, I think I can handle you being naked." At least I hope.

He smiled and then took his t-shirt off and then unbuttoned, unzipped and pulled his jeans down. OH MY GOD, nope I can't. It took every bit of self-control in me and I think I had to borrow some from him to not pull him into bed and fuck him right then and there. I stayed frozen to where I was, he was beautiful, I know I was able to see everything of him during the retreat except that he had shorts on, but oh my was he beautiful.

He had a full head of sandy blonde hair but his body hair was black, the v that ran down to his cock, oh god, it is gods arrow saying look this way, and of course I did. His bush was trimmed and the more I looked at him the more his cock harden. WAIT, the more I looked at him the more his cock harden. I looked up and he was smiling at me. "Was wondering when you were going to look up Doc."

"Sorry." I smiled and licked my lips and he quickly stepped around the bed and kissed me. Oh god, we can't do this yet, or can we? "MMMmm Toby." I put my hand on his chest, he backed away from me and bent to kiss me once more and walked around to the other side of my bed and pulled the covers back and got in.

*******

*Toby*

Oh god is the Doc going to kill me, I did really forget my shorts, I would have gone back to get them and been fine with it but when he told me he could handle me being naked, I decided what the hell and undressed. Then I couldn't believe what I saw, his mouth dropped open and he literally looked like he was drooling. The longer he stared the harder I got, I had to smiled, then he looked up at me, and I couldn't resist walking over and kissing him. I wanted to do more but I know he wants to wait and when he put his hand on my chest I knew I should back away.

The funny thing is once I walked over on the opposite side of the bed then he sleeps on he looked sad, I wonder what is going on in his head, is he wishing I would cross his line that he drew in the sand? I don't know, but I am going to keep on wooing or courting him. After I laid down I put my hands behind my head and watched him for a few minutes he looked directionless. I had to laugh. "Doc, you were getting ready for bed."

"Jackass." He smiled, I laughed at him again.

"Doc, you are wonderful, do you know that?" He just looked at me and started undressing for bed. "Well you are, shut off the light and come to bed." I smiled at him again, he stripped down to his underwear then put his pajamas on, pulled the covers back, turned off the light and came to bed. He snuggled up to me, we kissed, he laid his head on my chest and after what seemed like hours we fell to sleep.

*******

*Jake*

What am I going to do? I like him so much. I didn't want to put pajamas on, but I know if I would have gotten in bed naked, we wouldn't be able to snuggle without something happening. As it is, it was hard enough because all I wanted to do was move my hand down to caress him. It literally took forever to fall asleep, but once I did, I had wonderful dreams and I felt safe all night long.

When I woke the next morning, just before the alarm was due to go off, I smiled, I still had my head on his chest, I could still hear his slow heartbeat and he still had his arms wrapped around me. I so wanted to run my hand that was on his chest down and caress his cock, but I will be good, he has kept up on his end of the bargain; I don't know how, but he has.

I decided not to wait for the alarm clock I eased myself out of his hold, rolled to the edge and sat up. He looked so peaceful sleeping, I wish we didn't have to get up this morning; I would love to be able to lie in bed with him all day. I shut the alarm off and went to the shower.

When I came back from the bathroom to dress and wake him, I was shocked to find my cat Merlin sitting on his chest. Toby was still asleep, she sat there purring and waiting for him to wake. I sat down on the edge next to him and caressed his face. He started to stir. "Good morning."

Without opening his eyes he grumbled, "Morning."

"You have a little surprise on your chest." Toby slowly opened his eyes and saw Merlin.

"Oh Shit." Toby jumped when he saw her, Merlin just looked at him and walked over to my pillow. I laughed my ass off. "What, I wasn't expecting to see a cat on me."

"You are so funny, that was just cute." I leaned down to kiss him and he pulled me into the bed with him, Merlin meowed and looked like she didn't want me back in the bed. He reached over to pet her and she smacked at him.

"Wow, doesn't like to be petted but will sit on my chest when I don't know it?"

"I told you cats are different, anyways, it is time to get up."

"Can't we call in sick and cuddle all day?" Toby smiled at me and kissed me. "We could play doctor?"

I laughed at him. "No, come on, we need to get up before we can't." He had me so hard already. "Anyways don't you have something to prepare for the board?"

"Yeah." He looked sad. "Let me get up Doc. Do I still have time for a quick shower?"

"Yeah you do. Come down when you are ready I will cook us some breakfast." I kissed him then got up and started getting dressed as he walked to the bathroom and jumped in the shower. Once I was dressed I went down and started some bacon in the microwave, fried us some eggs and made toast. When it was finished he came down, we ate, I fed Merlin and left out for work.

*******

*Toby*

The Doc was great this morning, but his cat scared the shit out of me. Shit I wasn't expecting it to be on my chest I didn't even feel it there it can't weigh much. I can't believe it slapped at me when I went to pet it, but I did probably scared it when I jumped.

When we got to work this morning Carl was already sitting in front of the security monitors. I rotate everyone so they're not just doing one job anymore, it seemed to help out because everyone likes doing something different every few days.

"Hey Boss, you look better today, did you get some last night?" He laughed.

"Yeah I did get lots of sleep." I smiled at him.

"That is not what I meant. You look happier this morning, did your snake find a nice hole to burrow in?"

"Just do your work Carl." I walked past him to my office and turned the security monitors on as well. I pulled out my file on the security changes that I have been working on and turned on my computer to work on everything.

I sat there for a minute while my computer was coming to life and looked at the security cameras, I could see the Doc in the halls of the ER. I have to stop obsessing about this man, I need to work on my proposal, shit I need to get some work done. "Carl?"

"Yeah Boss."

"I'm not going to be watching the monitors this morning, I have to get busy on this proposal."

"Ok Boss, I'm on the job. Don't worry."

I turned off the monitors and started in on the proposal. I didn't even realize that I had missed lunch and it was time to go home, until the Doc showed up at my office door.

*******

*Jake*

When I got into work this morning, I had beat Janice so we didn't walk from the parking structure together, which was good because Toby was now beside me. We parted ways at the ER and I walked into the changing room and changed into some scrubs. When I walked out Janice was standing there.

"Well?"

"I went over to his place and I thanked him for the flowers."

"And is that all?"

"No, we ordered pizza, kissed and snuggled for a long time then he came back to my place and we slept for the night."

"Only slept?"

"Yes Janice, we just snuggled and fell to sleep. Remember I told him that nothing can happen yet." I moaned.

"Yeah Doc, just give it up to him, you know you want to." She laughed. "With the way he looks at you, it has to be killing him to wait."

"I am not going to be easy for him, he can wait until I think it is time, even though I already want to jump his bones." She just looked at me and walked away laughing.

The day went by pretty quickly, I was expecting to see Toby sometime during the day but he was nowhere to be found, so he must be in his office. I was hoping to possible get lunch with him, I should have texted but I am sure he had other plans. I can't wait until this shift is over and we meet up at the doors, but I have a few more hours.
