 FYI - There is sex in this chapter. I have been told that people love the story, but where is the sex. Well here is it. I hope you all like. 

**********

*Toby*

When I left at two this morning, after I tried to get the Doc to have sex with me, I went to the grocery store, I couldn't sleep. I needed to get the ingredients for lasagna, antipasto salad and garlic bread. I prepared the lasagna, before I got ready for work this morning. I was waiting outside the Doc's garage for over a half an hour to make sure I didn't miss him.

After we had lunch I went back to my office to finish my proposal, I only had a little left and then just proof it, so I could turn it in on Monday. Now that I have it done, I won't have to come in Sunday, I wonder if the Doc has to come in?

Since the proposal was finished I was waiting at the ER doors for the Doc. Janice and he walked out and they both smiled at me. "Nice to see you again Janice."

"Hey Toby, are you keeping your eye on this guy?"

"Yeah, trying to keep him in line but it is hard." I smiled at her, she laughed.

We all walked out to the parking lot and rode the elevator up to the floor that they always park on. I really hate taking the elevator, maybe I can get the Doc to walk the stairs one of these days. When we finished walking Janice to her car, we walked to mine and drove home.

"Doc, remember I was making us dinner."

"Toby, I have seen your fridge and your cupboards, you don't have much to feed me." He laughed at me.

"After I left you this morning at two, I went to the grocery store. It will take a little over an hour to bake the lasagna that I made; I hope you aren't too hungry."

"Not too hungry and I can think of something to occupy us."

"Nope I have that covered as well." I told the Doc. I had an entire evening planned, I hope I can stick to it, if by some chance he changes his mind of going further, I did pick up a new bottle of lube and condoms.

When we pulled into my garage, he told me he would be right over after feeding his cat and taking a shower. I told him to not take a shower that he needs to do it at my place because of what I have planned it would be easier. He agreed but was cautious. "What do you have planned?"

"Just feed your cat and come back over, I will put the lasagna on and get prepared for you. Bring a change of clothes over along with some shorts please."

Not ten minutes later he knocked and walked in. "Toby, I'm back." The Doc said when he came in, I was upstairs.

"Hey Doc, come up here please." He came up and looked in my bedroom, but I wasn't there, I saw him as I came out of my spare bedroom. "Doc, please use my shower and then I need you to lay face down on the bed in here, naked please."

"Naked?"

"Please I won't do anything that you don't want." I smiled at him, he looked at me. "Doc, I have planned a romantic night, please just go shower come back out in a towel and lay down on my spare bed."

"Ok Toby, I will." The Doc went to take a shower, not more than ten minutes later he was standing before me in a towel, I looked him up and down. "Come on Toby, you promised."

"Yeah Doc, and I am going to keep that promise, please lay down." He did but in his towel, I gently pulled the towel from his waist. He had a very cute ass, god did I want it. I will be good, I will be good. I kept telling myself. I had changed myself, I had just a t-shirt and shorts on, I straddled his ass, my cock was hard but he will have to live with it. I reached for the oil that I had on the table next to the bed, poured some in my hand and then began to massage him, he moaned when I started working his shoulders.

"You're giving me a massage!" He exclaimed.

"Yeah Doc, you deserve one." I was smiling but he couldn't see. I worked his shoulders and upper back before I had to get off of him, oh did I not want to get off of his nice soft ass. I couldn't resist humping it a little before I moved down, he moaned, I wish he would just give in to me.

I started massaging his lower back along with his ass, couldn't miss touching that. Again I heard a few moans escape the Doc. I massaged down each of his legs and then I worked on his feet for a while, I was watching the time because I knew the lasagna only needed at tops an hour and a half. I had been working on the Doc so far a little over thirty minutes.

"Doc, I need you to roll over." He look back at me, I know he was hard, but I did needed him to roll over. "Do you want me to finish the massage? I know you are hard, I will try my hardest not to touch you Doc." He just shook his head and started to turn over. Oh god this was the first time I got to see him fully, shit I would love to get my mouth around that, his cock was so hard, thick and he was a very decent size, Mmmmm.

I massaged up his legs, kneading his thighs and avoiding his cock and balls, not that I didn't want to touch them. I knew it would be the end of me if I even darn graze them. I did do a very evil thing; I straddled his hips and let his cock wedge its way into my ass a little. I worked on his arms and chest and when I was finished I leaned down and kissed him, his arms came around me and wouldn't let me up.

I placed a hand on either side of his head and pushed up, he came with me. "Doc, I need to go and check on the dinner."

"Let it burn."

"Nope, can't Doc, I told you I was going to make a very romantic dinner for us." Now I was playing hard to get, two of us can play that game. He didn't let go of me, he pulled me back down into a kiss and I humped into him as much as he humped back. I pushed up again and he didn't hold on as tight this time and I was able to get off of him to stand, he was up on his feet faster than I thought possible, pulling me towards him. "Doc, MMmmmm, Doc, does this mean you finally want me?" He was pushing my shirt up over my head and kissing my chest.

"GET BACK ON THE BED." He ordered, I smiled, mmmmmm controlling he is.

"Doc, I need to check on the food." Still trying to pull away from him, he was stronger than I thought.

"Stay here." He ordered, left out of the room and came back a minute later. "Lube, condoms?"

"My bedroom, side table drawer." He took my hand and walked me to my bedroom, when we walked in, he immediately pushed me to the bed, and all I could do was smiled. "Mmmmm, I like this side of you, Doc." He tugged at my shorts and I rose off my ass and he pulled them off of me in one swift motion.

Before I knew it he was between my legs, my cock was in his mouth and now all I could do was moan. He started massaging my balls and pulled off me and began licking and sucking them. Oh, shit this is really happening, oh god, I can't believe he is such a Dom in the bed. I think I am going to like this.

*******

*Jake*

Oh shit, I can't believe he flipped my switch; I won't be able to control myself now. Holy shit is this fucking hot, him giving me a massage and teasing me so much I couldn't help but jump him. His cock in my mouth, oh my, he tastes delicious, his ball sac, I so wanted to suck on that for hours but I have an objective now. I turned him over on his stomach and raised him up on his knees. I opened his ass cheeks and his brown circle of fun was looking at me. I leaned in and licked it, and a shiver went through Toby and a huge moan escaped.

"Oh god Doc, please." He was begging me, I smiled and dove into his ass, licking and tongue fucking him, and he was wiggling so much. "Oh Doc, I am going to cum if you keep that up."

"Oh no you are not." I reached for the lube in the drawer along with a condom, I let him calm down just a minute before I ordered him to suck me. He jumped up immediately and started sucking me, oh god did it feel good. After a bit I pushed him away and started preparing him for me. I sucked him as I was opening his ass up, when he was loose I turned him over, this wasn't going to be a soft loving fuck, I wanted to fuck him hard and deep. I ripped open the condom, rolled it down my cock, positioned myself at his hole and pushed in. I was trying to be gentle but my monster already took control, it didn't matter because he was pushing back on me as I was pushing in. I grabbed both of his hips and ramped in hard, he gasped. "You ok?"

"Yeah, fuck me Doc." And that I did, I fucked him so hard and so fast, I was losing control over the little bit I had. I wanted to see his face when he came, so I pulled out of him and flipped him over before I pushed his legs up and entered him.

I tried to stroke him as I was fucking him, but I couldn't do that and hold on to him at the same time, I don't think he care, the look that was on his face was priceless. He started cumming and my world tilted, I didn't even make it another two strokes into him before I was cumming and I collapsed on top of him. His cum was being smashed between us.

*******

*Toby*

HOLY SHIT, the Doc is something else, I wasn't expecting it to be quick fuck, but holy shit was it an amazing fuck. He rocked my world and really I didn't need to touch myself, he tried, but he didn't need to. When he collapsed on me I just started kissing him everywhere I could reach, which was mainly his forehead, cheeks, his lovely mouth and neck. I rolled him off me and got on top of him.

I kissed down his neck to his nibbles and began sucking on each one until they were hard as rocks. I was ready for round two, I hope he was. The lube was amazingly still on the bed, I figured it would have been knocked to the floor during our previous session. I reached over for a condom, I was going to get my fucking in too. He looked at me and his mouth opened.

"You aren't going to stop me are you, Doc?" He shook his head, I went down to his cock and removed his condom, tied it and threw it into the trash. I proceeded to open him up, I lubed up a finger and his opening and started inserting just one finger first and then worked on two and finally got three into him, he was moaning and humping my fingers, I loved it. While I was doing this I was sucking him, oh my god do I like the taste of him, this is so right.

"Toby, come on you are killing me here." He said between gasps. 

I smiled, I was ready for him to say that, I grabbed the condom, tore it opened, put it on and lubed it quick. I wanted to see him so I put his ankles over my shoulder and positioned my cock at his entrance and I pushed. Oh god did it feel good to enter him, I haven't done this in almost a year. I should have known that Jack was fucking around on me again because we stopped having sex. WHAT the hell, why am I thinking about Jack. Jake, is the one that I am with, I am making love to Jake not Jack.

After inching my way into him, he was trying his hardest to get me all the way in before I wanted to be, I wanted it slow. It felt wonderful gliding in and out of him, I would come completely out of him to add more lube but other than that I was slow and I could tell it was driving him nuts. In out, in out, slow long deep strokes.

He leaned up into me and bites my nipple hard. "Fuck me Toby, please stop teasing me."

I looked at him and pulled out, I pulled him to the edge of the bed. The one thing that I love about my bed it is it tall, I have always had a tall bed, so I could stand off of it and fuck someone laying on the bed. I had his legs up straight in the air and grabbed ahold of his shoulder and waist and started fucking him hard.

"Ah, ah, ah, yes, yes, yes." Was all I was hearing from the Doc. I watched him grab his cock and start stroking it as fast as I was fucking him. I knew I was hitting his prostate with every stroke. He started to scream, which amazed me because when he fucked me he just grunted. MMMmm, I have a screamer on my hands that is nice to know. I started to cum right after his hit, he was spraying his all over his chest. Once he started to spasm, I fucked into him a few more times and started filling the condom. I had to fuck into him a few times after I came, I was still a little hard and it felt good. When I pulled out, I tied my condom and tossed it to the trash as well.

I knew he was worn out, I was, I pulled him up on the bed and cuddled with him. It was nice, we fell to sleep for a bit. I woke to him kissing me on the neck and chest. "MMMMmmm Doc, I could get use to this." I felt him smile.

"I believe that you had planned at dinner for me?" He laughed and I couldn't help but laugh as well.

I looked over at my clock it was almost eleven. "Well as long as you went down and shut it off earlier, then all I will have to do is warm it up." I pulled him towards me and kissed him again. "Did you?"

"Yeah I did."

"Do you have to work tomorrow?" I asked the Doc.

"Nope, I am all yours, which is why I mentioned the dinner, we can stay up for a bit." He smiled at me.

I kissed him again, got up and he followed me. I grabbed my shorts, t-shirt and went downstairs to start warming back up the oven, while it was doing its job, I chopped the vegetables for the salad and got the garlic bread ready to stick in.

The Doc finally came down the stairs, I think he took a quick shower. "Toby go up and shower, I will watch everything." I looked at him, walked up and kissed him again. God could I get use to this, I ran up for a quick shower.

When I came back down the Doc had the table set and pulled the lasagna out, the garlic bread in and the salad on the table with candles. "That is a nice addition, I didn't know I had candles." I smiled at him, knowing that he ran home for them.

*******

*Jake*

It was almost midnight by time we were able to sit down and eat, I decided that I was going to get some information out of Toby tonight. "Tell me about yourself Toby."

"What do you want to know Doc?"

"Family, school, college, anything that you think is important to you."

"Well I was born January 5, 1804 to a very affluent family." I shook my head and he laughed. "Really I was born January 5, 1984, my Dad is a cop and my Mom is a nurse. I have two brothers and one sister."

"Wow, so there are four of you." I laughed. "You parents still working."

"Yeah both of them are. My Dad is a detective on the LA police force, and mom actually works for the hospital that I left to come here. Before you ask, I am the only one that is gay in my immediate family."

"Where in the line do you fall amongst your siblings and what do they do?"

He laughed. "I am second born, Matt, me, Charlie and Sarah. Matt and I followed my dad, we became cops, but only a year into it I decided it was not what I wanted and went to school. Charlie is still in school, he doesn't know what he wants to be, but it is heading towards medical, but he doesn't have a plan yet. Sarah became a nurse but she planned to go back in after few years and become a doctor."

"Really?"

A look of happiness came over him when he talked about his sister, when he talked about his brothers it was plain look but when he thought about his sister he smiled. "Yeah she decided when she first entered college that she wanted to be a doctor but because we would go to the hospital to wait on Mom a lot, she would see that the nurses did a lot of the work." He looked at me before continuing, probably thinking that he said something to anger me, seeing nothing he continued. "So she vowed that she was going to be a nurse first so she knew both sides of the coin. She didn't want to be the arrogant asshole of a doctor that treats their nurses like shit, like she seen so many times. So that is what she did, she has been a nurse for five years now and she has applied to medical school and was accepted. I can't wait to call her Doc." His smiled was so wide it touched his eyes.

"Any of them married with children?"

"Matt is, they bought a house down the street from ours and her parents, so they could be close. Matt and Maggie have three kids, two boys and one girl. Charlie has been dating his girl since beginning college, but they haven't even approached the subject of marriage, I think Cindy wants to make sure Charlie will make something of himself before she commits."

We had finished our food and were just sitting there talking so I decided to pull him over to the couch so we could finish with his history, he sat down first and I cuddled into him. "Your sister is she dating or married?"

"Married, no kids. She wanted some but they found out that John can't, so they don't know what they want to do."

"How often to you call home?"

"Not as often as I should, having the three hour difference is a little of the problem, when I do remember to call, Mom or Dad are still at work and the same goes for my siblings. Mom calls me more, but she also forgets about the times difference and most time ends up waking me in the middle of the night. And speaking of." He smiles as he jumps up and sprints up the stairs than I heard it, his phone was ringing.

I could hear the one-sided conversation as he was coming back down the stairs. 'No Mom, you didn't, I swear, I had just finished eating dinner. No Mom.' Then he looked at me and blushed and smiled. 'Yes Mom, I am being careful. Mom, I am a grown man, I know how to be.... Yes Ma'am. I love you too. I hope one of these days. Yes he is. Yes he probably is.' He smiled at me again. 'Ok Mom, I will call you Monday when I first get home, I promise. Anywhere between six and seven, yes three to four your time. Ok, tell Dad I love him. Bye.'

He smiled at me and sat back down, I leaned into him and he put his arms back around me. "Sorry about that, she always seems to know when I am talking about her." He laughed. "Is there anything else you want to talk about?"

"I take it she realized you had someone here?"

"Yeah because I was eating so late." He laughed. "She told me I needed to be careful, but that it was nice that I met someone. Is there anything else that you wanted to know tonight?"

"No, I wanted to know a little about where you came from and some other things but I can ask you later, but seeing you on the phone with your Mom was beyond cute, now all I want to do is kiss and cuddle with you."

"Tomorrow is my turn for questions." He smiled and started kissing, after a bit of this we laid like we did the other day on his couch with me on him. I like being held by him, I was starting to fall asleep listening to his heart.

"Doc?"

"Hmmmm."

"Let's go to bed." I just nodded and got off of him, he took my hand and led me back up the stairs to his bedroom. Toby took the bottle of lube off the bed and pulled the covers back. He let me in first and then he laid down and I cuddled up next to him. It didn't take long to fall asleep.

I opened my eyes and the clock said nine, I was in bed alone, I was going to get up and look for Toby but I closed my eyes and that was all she wrote, I fell back to sleep. Later I felt kisses all over my face and I opened my eyes to a smiling Toby.

"I wanted to wake you up a different way Doc, but I decided that this was probably better." He kissed me one more time before he moved away and asked me to sit up against the headboard. When I did, he put a tray over my lap and it had eggs, pancakes, sausage and bacon on it, with coffee, juice and milk. "I am sorry, I really don't know what you like so I made a bunch and hope that you like something." He smiled at me as I smiled back.

"This is a lot, I hope you were planning on helping."

"Of course."

*******

*Toby*

Oh god the Doc was amazing last night, it was funny that we were talking about my family and Mom calls, I will have to remember to call her back. This morning I woke with so much energy that I didn't know what to do with myself. I looked at the Doc sleeping and he looked so peaceful, I didn't want to disturb him, I did want to make love to him again, but I knew we had all day for that. So I decided to go for a run and after that when I came back to shower he was still sleeping. I decided to get groceries so I could make him some breakfast. Before I left I did grab his keys and run over to feed his cat, she actually let me pet her, I was amazed.
