 MEETING SCOTTY'S FRIENDS

Surprisingly Eric went on a double date on Saturday night. They ended up at his friend Steven's house and had sex with their dates. Eric felt very good about having sex with Margaret and they agreed to go out again that summer. She, like Eric, was not very good looking but she had a fantastic body and she loved his big dick. It was a stout reminder that he could have sex with both sexes and enjoy it. 

On Sunday after church with his parents, Eric got a number of chores done around the house so that he could send most of Monday with Scotty and his college friends. He headed over before lunch time that Monday and was anxious to fuck Scotty before the others arrived. When he arrived, he saw another car in the driveway and knew he was too late to be alone with his neighbor. 

Scotty greeted him and led him to the kitchen. Two drop-dead gorgeous blonde hair guys were seated at the kitchen table. The three of them had been having coffee and catching up on news. Eric accepted a cup of coffee and joined them. The blondes were introduced as Leland and Cody. They could easily pass for brothers.

"Leland and Cody are roommates and lovers. We all go to the same college. They will be staying until Wednesday then my other three friends will arrive."

"Nice to meet you."

"Nice to meet you too Eric. Cody and I have heard good things about you."

"Really!"

"I told them about us having sex together and also that you are bi not gay. They are cool with that."

"Cody and I don't usually engage in group sex but with Scotty we make an exception. That's why we are leaving on Wednesday before the others arrive. Those three are into group sex big time."

Scotty put the coffee cups in the dishwasher and encouraged everyone to move outside to the pool deck. Eric was shocked and then excited when the others removed their tees and shorts. Three beautiful naked bodies were on display. Cody and Leland appeared to be about 5'6" with slender bodies. They were tan all over and had obviously done lots of nude sunbathing. Eric noticed that Leland had a spectacular ass, even more appealing than Scotty's, if that were possible. 

Cody had a nice bottom too. Both of them had average size cocks. Eric had been awe struck by Leland's ass and continued to stare at it. Scotty noticed the behavior and called out to his neighbor.

"Eric, are you going to keep your clothes on?"

Eric blushed and then quickly removed his shorts and tees. He was already sporting a boner and oozing pre-cum from the effect of the incredible ass. Leland smiled at him and walked toward him. He took Eric's cock in his hand and gripped it lightly. 

"I can see why Scotty has you over here all the time." 

Scotty took the cushions off the lounges and placed them on the pool deck. Leland knelt on one and took Eric's cock in his mouth. He could only get a little more than half in his mouth but Eric liked the way he sucked cock. The other two stood next to each other stroking the other's cock as they watched. Leland was torn between sucking Eric until he came and taking the big dick in his ass. It would be the largest cock he had ever had and he was a bit apprehensive. He finally decided to try it.

"I have got to try this in my ass. Scotty hand me the oil."

Leland continued to suck Eric's cock as Scotty got the oil and lubed his friend's ass. He poured the oil in the crack and then used his fingers to grease and stretch the anus. Leland turned around and placed his head down on the cushion with his lovely ass perched in the air. He looked so sexy and so desirable in that position. Eric moved in behind him and eased his cock into the snug passage. The mushroom head moved past the sphincter and he held still for a few seconds before resuming the penetration. Leland placed a hand on Eric's thigh as to guide and control the pace and depth.

"Oh sweet Jesus, you really know someone is in you."

The other two looked on as Eric slowly but steadily worked his cock into the magnificent ass. When he was about two thirds of the way in, he began to fuck the pretty blonde slowly. As he did, more of his cock found its way into the tight channel. Eric was thrilled with the way the rubbery sphincter and snug rectum grasped his shaft. Oohs and ahs, were the only sounds to come out of Leland's mouth. Once Eric was buried in the blonde ass, he picked up the pace. He looked down at the curvy buttocks and caressed them as he pummeled the sweet bottom. He massaged and fondled the tan cheeks as his cock moved steadily in and out.

"More oil," Leland called out.

Scotty moved closer and held the bottle over the shapely ass and squirted the oil on the shaft when it pulled out. It was a very erotic scene to watch him squirt the oil on the impressive cock which then disappeared back into the scrumptious bottom. This got the other two turned on and they got in on the action. Scotty moved in front of Leland and offered his cock to be sucked. Cody slipped under Leland and took the blonde's cock in his mouth. 

The four virile young men were coupled together and for Leland it didn't get any better. He had a large cock in his ass, another one in his mouth and his cock was being sucked. Eric watched the scene around him as he continued to fuck the shapely tight ass of the pretty blonde. He noticed that Cody had a nice ass too and he would look forward to enjoying it. All of them kept at it until they began to cum.

Eric pulled out of Leland's ass and stroked his cock shooting streams of semen up onto his back and buttocks. He then put his cock back in. Scotty then took his cock from Leland's mouth and shot his wad onto the pretty face and chest. Leland then took the cock back in his mouth and sucked it dry. Leland announced that he was cumming and although Eric couldn't see it, he felt the sphincter tighten around his cock. Cody sucked his lover's cock drinking down the discharge as he stroked his cock and shot his load onto the pool deck.

"Everybody in the pool," Scotty called out with a giggle.

They all made their way to the pool and relaxed in the shallow end. They didn't bother swimming as they just wanted to cool off. After a few minutes they exited the pool and sat by the table. Scotty announced that he had made a batch of Bloody Marys. He went inside and brought out the pitcher and plastic cups. Eric had his first ever Bloody Mary and he liked it. 

They finished the drinks and Leland was anxious to fuck Scotty. He had always liked Scotty's ass and the feelings were mutual. Scotty was looking forward to fucking Leland. Cody sat next to Eric and stroked the big dick. They watched as Leland fucked Scotty's scrumptious ass. He came quickly and shot his seed into the sweet bottom. Before Scotty could fuck Leland, Eric called out to Cody.

"Get on the cushion and get ready for a good ass fucking."

"Oh God, where's the oil?"

Leland picked it up. "Here Cody."

"Oh Leland, get me ready for that ass buster."

Leland moved behind the lovely blonde to lube and finger his curvy bottom. He was able to work two then three fingers in the anus to stretch it in preparation for the sizeable cock. The apprehensible Cody looked over his shoulder as Eric approached him from behind. As he did with Leland, Eric took his time and allowed Cody to adjust to the length and thickness. Once Eric was moving freely, Scotty fucked Leland.

It took them a little longer to cum that time since it was their second ejaculations. Cody told Eric to cum in him not on him. However, he was not prepared for the voluminous ejaculation. When he did, he held Cody firmly by his hips as he filled the rectum with the warm seed. Cody felt the massive discharge and cried out each time a jet shot into him. Eric left his cock in the blonde's ass until it had been milked dry and softened slightly. He eased his cock out and a river of semen rushed out of the anus and ran down Cody's legs. Cody gasped aloud.

"Oh my God, that was like a water cannon being shot into me." 

They headed to the jacuzzi this time so that the three of them could douche their bottoms. Then it was back to the pool to cool down and minutes later time for lunch. They still had all afternoon for more fun and sex. Scotty had prepared a tray of meats and cheeses. They all had beers with lunch and relaxed under the shade of the umbrella. 

Later, Eric was anxious to fuck Leland again. He didn't plan to neglect Scotty but he could fuck his neighbor anytime. Leland's spectacular ass was just impossible to resist. While Eric fucked Leland, Cody would get to fuck Scotty. Before Eric fucked the incredible ass a second time, he wanted to massage it and enjoy it first. He had Leland lay on the cushion as he poured oil onto the glorious buns and into the crack. 

"Scotty told me about this. Take your time and enjoy my ass. Get me turned on and ready for your cock."

Cody and Scotty watched the foreplay and then Cody wanted to do the same to Scotty. It was a very erotic scene to see the two gorgeous blonde's lying face down with their lovely asses being fondled, massaged and fingered. Both Cody and Eric had a woody the entire time and then they could not wait any longer. They lifted their lovers by the hips and eased their cocks into the receptive asses. Of course, Cody slid in very easily. Eric was again gentle and patient as he worked his big dick into the magnificent ass. 

Scotty and Leland knelt side by side on separate lounge cushions with their gorgeous asses stuffed with cock. Cody and Eric savored the lovely bottoms and they were determined to last as long as they possibly could. They caressed the shapely buttocks as they watched their dicks slid in and out. At one point, Leland and then Scotty lowered their heads and turned to look at each other. They reached across and held hands as they enjoyed being fucked at the same time. 

"I'm getting close Scotty."

"Come in me Cody, I want to feel it."

"You too Eric, cum un me."

Cody was the first to cum and he pressed his pubes tightly against the curvy bottom as he unleashed his seed. Scotty cooed as the semen rushed into his rectum. He gripped and released the spurting shaft several times using his sphincter. Cody remained still as he relished the satisfying ejaculation. Scotty then moved forward and lay face down on the cushion allowing Cody's cock to slip out.

When Eric came, he leaned over Leland and hugged the smooth skinned upper body. His hands found the erect nipples and he pinched them gently as he spewed another load into the receptive ass. Leland reached between their legs and fondled Eric's ball sac. The he too moved forward to lay face down on the cushion. Cody and Eric remained in the kneeling position with their still hard cocks pointing straight out. One by one they moved off the cushion and watched as Scotty and Leland moved into a 69 position to suck each other's cock. It didn't take before they were shooting in the other's mouth. 

The four of them headed back to the jacuzzi to cleanse their bodies and then to the pool to cool off. That had become their ritual with sex outdoors. They were done with sex for the afternoon and enjoyed the pool, beers and conversation. At dinner time, Eric headed home. Before he left, he accepted the invitation to return the next day.

FROM THE SWIMMING POOL TO THE POOL TABLE

The next morning the guys slept in at Scotty's house and decided to go out for brunch. Scotty called Eric and invited him but he had some chores to do that morning. He would see them after lunch. It was an overcast drizzly day and not one for outdoor fun. It was 1:00 PM when Eric arrived at Scotty's.

The four of them were dressed in tees and shorts commando style. Their boners were obvious as they tented the shorts. Scotty took everyone down to the lower level where they had a pool table and a large screen TV. They were all pretty charged and did not need to watch porn to get their juices flowing. Leland and Eric decided to play pool while Cody and Scotty sat on the sofa.

Cody pushed Scotty's shorts down to his knees and began stroking the stiff dick. Scotty kept looking over his shoulder toward the pool table as he was masturbated. Leland had leaned over the side of the table to take a shot. Eric seeing this pulled Leland's shorts down and they puddled around his ankles. He pulled Leland's tee up and off the tanned body and then removed his own tee and dropped his shorts.

Scotty watched the duo at the pool table and then he felt Cody's mouth cover his cock. Cody held the stiff dick at the base and he swirled his tongue around and nibbled at the spongy head. Eric moved in close and let his big cock rest in the crack of the marvelous ass. Leland spoke softly.

"That feels like a very thick pool cue. I douched and lubed my ass earlier. I'm ready for you."

Eric used his saliva to make his cock slippery and then he eased it into the lovely bottom. Leland stood up and reached back with one hand to embrace Eric, who in turn wrapped his arms around the smooth skinned body. He loved the feel of Leland's skin and he hugged him tight. He began to move his hips and fuck the sweet hot ass. 

On the sofa, Cody was now cupping Scotty's testicles and sucking the cock. He was able take most of it in his mouth and Scotty loved the sensation. The four of them continued in the same positions for a few minutes but Scotty was anxious to fuck Cody. They got off the sofa, removed their tees and shorts and walked naked over to the pool table. Cody sat on the end of the table and then lay back on the felt surface. He raised his legs and Scotty moved between them. He guided his cock into Cody's ass and held the back of his legs as he began to fuck him. 

Leland now leaned over toward his lover and kissed him on the lips. Cody returned the kiss and the two of them continued kissing each other as they were being fucked. It was a very hot scene and they were all turned on. Leland had another idea and blurted it out.

"Let's all fuck together. Scotty and Cody keep going."

Eric removed his throbbing cock and watched as Leland got behind Scotty and slipped his dick into the pretty blonde ass. Eric got the idea and moved behind Leland. He re-entered the sweet bottom and the three of them eventually established a rhythm. Leland called out.

"Is this not the hottest thing we have ever done?"

It certainly was for Eric and he was incredibly charged. As Cody was fucked, he was stroking his cock and he was close to cumming. In fact, they were all close and Eric was surprised by Cody's request.

"I want all you guys to cum on me." 

Cody was the first to cum and he fired a huge load on his chest and abs. He held his shaft tightly so as not to shoot past his head onto the pool table. Scotty then pulled out, stroked his dick and dumped another big load onto Cody. Eric and Leland moved to either side of Cody and stroked their cocks until they ejaculated onto the tanned body. It was incredible to see how much semen covered Cody's chest, abs and pubes. Scotty had gone to the downstairs' bathroom and returned with a warm wet hand towel. Cody wiped the seed from his body with the towel. 

"Thanks Scotty, if that stuff had dried on me, it would be like wearing a starched shirt."

They all laughed and then decided to go back upstairs. They would watch some porn and relax with a couple of beers. Scotty put out some snacks, served the beers and popped in a video. Leland and Cody sat on the sofa, Eric and Scotty sat in separate chairs. The video began and they watched it.

The scene was a men's clothing store that featured erotic underwear. A slender handsome brunette selected a few items to try on and headed for the fitting room. The store worker, also a handsome guy with brown hair, decided to check on the guy in the fitting room. 

"Is everything okay?"

"Yes, but maybe you good give me your opinion." 

The guy had already taken off his clothes and had his back to the worker, who stared at the shapely tan ass. The first guy slipped on a pair of jock style underwear and asked how they looked. The worker stated they needed to be adjusted and he moved the straps a bit lower under the buttocks. He caressed the sweet cheeks and said they looked good. The guy tried on a second pair and the same routine was carried out. The worker was wearing tight tan slacks and it was obvious that he had woody. 

"One more pair."

The guy put on a third pair of sexy underwear and this time he turned to face the worker. He had purposely left his cock outside the pouch and it was beginning to harden. The worker looked at the cock and then stepped closer to take it in his hand. He stroked it a few times and them dropped to his knees. He lowered and removed the underwear and took the cock in his mouth. The cock was long and slender.

For about ten minutes the worker sucked the customer's cock and he was an excellent cock sucker. He was then pulled to his feet and turned away from the customer who unfastened the slacks and pushed them and the underwear down to the worker's knees. He ran his cock in the crack of the worker's ass as he reached around and stroked the erect cock. Next they faced each other kissed as the worker stroked both cocks together in one hand.

Seconds later the customer turned the worker toward the wall, had him bend over and entered his ass with the slender long cock. They fucked in that position for several minutes before the customer ordered the worker to the floor. Then he fucked the worker missionary style. The worker came first and shot his load onto his chest, the customer pulled out and ejaculated on the anus. The worker had raised his legs so that the semen would gather around the pucker.

The customer then put his cock back in the worker's ass pushing his seed in with it. He continued doing that until he had gathered up all the semen and pushed it in the receptive ass. The scene then closed out with them in that position. A quick glance around the living room revealed that all the guys had boners.

"Wow that was hot. Do you think that they are both gay?" Cody asked.

"It's hard to tell. Some movies are made with bi-guys and many don't even touch the other guy's cock." Scotty offered. 

"I guess, I'm a bi-guy then?"

"Yes, you qualify Eric. You could easily do porn with your big cock and massive ejaculations." Leland added.

Scotty then asked, "Do you want to watch anymore?"

The guys said no as they were already horny and anxious for more action. It was still overcast but the rain had subsided and they decided to sit in the jacuzzi. Once in the warm water it wouldn't take long to feel frisky. The four of them sat together with Scotty on one end and Eric on the other. Hands reached for cocks and Scotty and Leland stroke each other's cock under the water. Leland also stroked Cody who was playing with Eric's cock.

When it was time to take it to the next level, Scotty got out and retrieved the lube. Cody wanted to fuck Scotty this time so Eric took Leland again. Both beautiful gay blondes, knelt over the edge of the jacuzzi as their bottoms were greased and prepared. It was Eric's first time fucking in the jacuzzi and it was a turn-on for him. The sounds of the jets drowned out the sounds of wet skin slapping together.

This time the guys ejaculated into the scrumptious bottoms. Cody and Eric sat back down and watched as Scotty and Leland used the jets to douche their asses. Then Scotty and Leland took turns fucking each other and repeated the douching routine. Eric reset the timer and they all relaxed in the bubbly water. It had been another exciting day and they were all sexually sated. They got out of the hot tub and dried off.

"Eric, I'm going to drain and clean the jacuzzi on Friday before my folks get home. Want to help me?"

"Sure Scotty, I'll be glad to help."

The four of them went back inside, retrieved their clothes from the lower level and got dressed. Eric took off and wished Leland and Cody safe travels as they were leaving in the morning. He had really enjoyed meeting the other blonde lovers. At one point he thought that he could only make it with Scotty but he learned differently. 
