 FYI: A past rape is mentioned but the act itself does not occur.

*****

*Jake*

The flight out to L.A. was long, I tried to sleep as much as possible, thank god my seat was in first class, I had tons of room and the seat next to me was empty. The flight attendant woke me up twenty minutes before we landed, which was nice because it took me a bit to get oriented. I was still a little out of it, when we touched down and when I walked off the plane I was still trying to clear my head of sleep. It took a bit to get to where the luggage area was, once I grabbed my luggage I saw a woman that had to be Toby's sister.

"Are you Sarah Smith-Wilkins?"

"Jake?" We both smiled at one another. "Toby still doesn't know you are coming, and our Dad is in the car circling the airport, he didn't want me coming here alone, because my husband was working."

"I don't blame him and thank you again for keeping this a secret, I almost messed up and told Toby by accident a few days ago, I am glad he doesn't always pay complete attention to me." We both laughed, we walked out of the airport and only had to wait a few minutes before Sarah's Dad came around.

When her Dad pulled up, he got out of the car and opened the trunk. "Hello, I'm William, you can call me Bill."

"Nice to meet you Bill, I'm Jake. Thank you for coming and getting me this morning."

He smiled at me. "Anything to calm my son's nerves a little. He hasn't quite been himself, I think he is missing you."

I just smiled, Toby is missing me and it hasn't been a full twenty-four hours yet. The ride to their house wasn't even an hour, when we walked in the door, Toby's Mother was in the living room. "Good morning Jake, it is so nice to finally put a face to the name and voice. I'm sure you are tired, Toby's room is up the stairs and it's the third door on the right."

"Thank you, Betty." She hugged me and I took my luggage up the stair and when I reached Toby's door I opened it quietly, went in and closed it, I sat my luggage in the corner. There was enough light coming in the window from the street lights that I could see Toby sleeping. I walked over to him and sat on the edge of the bed. "Toby, Sweetie." I stroked his hair and brushed his forehead with my thumb.

"MMMmmmm." He said in his sleep.

"Toby, Honey, can you wake up for a minute?"

Toby's eyes slowly opened and he smiled when he saw me. "Hey Doc, I missed you." He put his head on my lap and fell back to sleep. God that was too cute, he stayed like that for a bit, I just continued to stroke his hair, then he rolled over and stayed asleep, I thought about laying down with him, but I was wide awake, it was five-thirty their time, so eight-thirty in the morning ours.

I got up and went back downstairs to the kitchen and Betty and Bill were there. "Do you need something, Jake?" Betty asked.

"No, just was wide awake, and Toby is sleeping so I thought I would seek out some coffee."

"Just have a seat, it is brewing right now. Would you like some breakfast?"

"I don't want to put you out, coffee will be fine."

"Nonsense, Bill here always eats at this time. I will be making him some, it will not be that much more to make you some too." Betty moved to the stove and started preparing breakfast for the two of us, but she seemed to be making more than for the two of us.

I asked where a restroom was and she pointed to a door just off the kitchen, it was a half bath. I went in and used the bathroom and was washing my hands and face when I heard Toby in the kitchen, he sounded sad. I opened the door.

"Why do you look like you lost your best friend, Baby?" Betty asked him, I was just standing there with the bathroom door open.

"I dreamt that Jake was here." He turned around to take a seat at the table with Bill, Bill could see me and then it was funny seeing the shock roll across Toby's face when he saw me. It was like a cartoon, when the character does a double take, he looked at me than his father than back at me to make sure he was really seeing me. "Holy Shit, Doc that is really you?"

"Yeah Toby, it is me." I smiled as he came over, hugged and kissed me, right there in front of his parents.

"You are really here, I can't believe this." He was still hugging me, then he pulled me out of the kitchen to the living room and kissed me again. "What are you doing here, Doc?" I could hear his parents laughing.

"I wanted to surprise you."

"But you said you didn't want to meet my family just yet. How long have you been planning this?"

"A week after you asked me, I couldn't get on your flight, so I didn't tell you. I called your Sister and Mom to tell them I was coming and we all kept it from you." The smile was huge that crossed his face.

"Doc, this was the best surprise that you could have ever given me." He then kissed me hard that I just wanted to tear his clothes off. We heard someone clear their throat behind us, we turned to see his Father standing there.

"You can curb that for a while, Toby. You two can come into the kitchen and have breakfast, it is going to be a beautiful day today so you take Jake sightseeing later."

"Yes, Sir." Toby said as he pulled me back into the kitchen, I heard Bill chuckle.

We had a wonderful morning, Betty had made a ton of food. Sarah came down after napping for an hour, sat and ate with us. Toby after a while pulled me back upstairs to his bedroom, when we made it inside, he pushed me up against the door and kissed me. He was kissing my face, neck and was opening up my shirt. "Are you a little happy to see me?" He continued to unbutton my shirt when I stopped him. "Toby we can't have sex here."

"Wasn't sex, I was going to give you the best blowjob you will ever have."

"Toby, please don't they will know what we are doing, you know I can't keep from moaning."

Toby did stop unbuttoning my shirt but he was still covering me with kisses. "Are you afraid to have sex while my parents are in the house?"

"Yes." I laughed when he led me to the bed and laid on top of me.

*******

*Toby*

When the Doc woke me, I thought I was dreaming. I can't believe he came all the way here to surprise me, and now he is afraid to have sex in my parents' house, that is too funny. "Do you want me to rent us a hotel room for the time we are here?" I asked him, I need to find out how long he was staying.

"You aren't allowed, Toby." We heard my Mom say from the other side of the door. "You two are staying here and that is final."

I could see the Doc was embarrassed, he turned red, and I kissed him. "Later we will do something, my parents didn't take time off while I was going to be here, so we will have the house to ourselves a lot." I smiled at him and he smiled back with some relief showing.

"Your parents didn't seem the least bit uncomfortable when you kissed and hugged me downstairs."

"No, they got over being uncomfortable around me when they walked in on me and Jack too many times." The Doc looked at me with interest. "We were just kissing or holding one another, nothing too bad. See when I first came out to them, as you know my Dad wasn't too happy. He wouldn't allow me to have Jack in my room anymore. So that left us hanging out in living room and they came home a lot with Jack in my lap."

"So really they are ok with us touching?"

God he is a worry wart, I had to laugh. "Yes, really they have embraced that I am gay and I will be touching and kissing on my boyfriend, lover, partner or hopefully one day husband in front of them, a lot." I kissed him again. "I love you, Jake."

"I love you too, Toby."

"Come on and lay down with me for a bit, I am sure you are still tired from the flight."

"A little yeah."

We laid down for a bit and fell to sleep, Jake had he head on my chest as always, I love when he lays across me like that. Next thing we know we jumped because there was pounding on the door. "Hey Bro, we know you are in there, you have two seconds to be decent cause we are coming in." They didn't even give us two seconds before both of my brothers came barging in.

"Hello, so this is the guy that stole my brother's heart." My older brother laughed. "Hi, I'm Matt and this loser here is Charlie."

The Doc sat up on the edge of the bed and I followed. "Hi, I guess I did steal your brother's heart, my names Jake. Nice to meet you, Matt and Charlie." He smiled.

"I thought you two were working? Can't you ever just knock nicely and wait to barge in?" I rudely responded.

"Nope. Come downstairs, everyone is here." Matt responded.

We followed them downstairs and Matt's wife Maggie with their three kids, Sarah's husband John, looking very tired and Charlie's girlfriend Cindy were all sitting there. We all talked for a long time, until Mom walked in and said that lunch was ready. I could see that Jake was getting tired, even with getting sleep on the plane, travelling can really tire you out. I will make it a point to pull him upstairs again when everyone leaves and hopefully everyone does soon, because I do like sleeping with this man, last night I didn't sleep well, I tossed and turned most of the night.

"So Jake, how did you two meet?" Maggie asked.

"Meet or start to get to know one another?" Jake said with a smile, I squeezed his thigh under the table.

"Both." Sarah and Maggie said at the same time.

Jake laughed. "My first thought of Toby was that he was some pain in the ass person that like to blare his music while driving. He pulled up next to me on our way to work, with his loud heavy metal song blaring and I was a little annoyed." Everyone laughed, they know Toby and his love of music. "But when the song ended I was expecting another metal song and it changed to opera, which stunned me. Then I found out he was a new employee at the hospital and when he walked by we smiled at one another for close to a month, we never really spoke."

"Then what got you two to talking?" Cindy asked.

"The hospital sends people on trust and teaming building retreats and we ended up on the same team, riding in the same van and sleeping in the same room."

"Oh you have to tell us more." Sarah said.

"Oh no he doesn't." I responded.

"Come on, please. Anything embarrassing happen before you two started dating, anything at all? When did you two start dating?" Sarah asked.

"Officially we started dating after the retreat, couldn't go on a date with nineteen other people around." Jake stated.

"But with all honestly, Jake told me I had to woo him."

"Why?" Everyone asked.

Jake looked embarrassed then, so I stepped in. "Because of Jack, and I don't blame Jake at all for making me work for his affection."

"Hey man, again I am sorry about that." Charlie spoke up. "I didn't expect him to go there to try get you back."

"He what?" My mother spoke up.

"Another story for another time, Mom." I responded.

"Well Jake, how did my brother woo you over?" Matt asked.

"With flowers, dinner and a massage." Jake responded.

"Gee Bro, pulling out all the guns at once huh." Matt responded.

"Anything to convince him that I was serious, I fell for him that first time that I saw him when I pulled up next to him." All the women in the room said ahhhh at the same time. "I am glad that the hospital forced me to go on the retreat or I would still be looking at the Doc from a distance." Jake looked at me and smiled he squeezed my hand.

"How about you Jake, are you glad the retreat happened?" Sarah asked.

Jake smiled and looked at me. "Yes, because I was too shy to talk to him, we were even neighbors and we didn't talk to one another when we came home."

"You didn't tell me that Toby." My Mom spoke up.

"Yeah, our condos are right across from one another, so it is very convenient when we want to be together, which is all the time."

"Then why don't you two move in together?" My Dad asked, I just looked at my Dad, honestly I have never thought about that, but it may still be too soon to think about that.

"Honestly?" Jake spoke up. "New relationship, and how my last long-term relationship ended, it is a little hard to make that leap and Toby is stuck in a year's lease anyways, either way if he keeps his condo or not he will be paying the months out."

"Jake, you won't give your condo up?" Matt asked.

"Wait guys, we haven't asked one another to marry yet, so why does anyone have to give up their condo."

"I thought you two were serious?" Sarah asked.

"We are, but we haven't known one another for a year yet. Can you give us time to discuss this on our own before you give us the third degree about moving in with one another?" I squeezed Jakes hand again, he looked me in the eye and smiled.

"Ok, we will back off a bit. We're just wondering that is all." My Mom stated.

"Ok, let's go back to this retreat thing, you said you were in the same bedroom?" Sarah asked.

"Can you drop it Sarah, Please." I asked.

"No, what happened?"

"Nothing happened, we were sleeping in the same bed for the week long retreat."

"The same bed and you didn't know one another?" Sarah responded.

"Well I bet they did after being in the same bed for a week." Matt stated.

"Ok, everyone, stop making Jake and your brother embarrassed." My Mom finally came to our rescue.

The twenty thousand questions finally ended and so did lunch, after everyone left and even my father took my Mom out for a while, I pulled Jake upstairs to lie down. "I love you, Jake; I hope that my family's questions didn't bother you."

"No Toby they didn't. I love you too. Since the topic reared its ugly head, I think it is time I told you about Rick."

"Doc, you don't have to, I have never pushed you. I figured there was more to the story than how he moved out."

"There is."

"If you want, you can wait until we go home, but if you need to get it off your chest now, I am here to listen."

"Is there ever a good time to talk about the ex?" I shook my head and laid down. "Rick he was generally great, at least in my eyes, not so much in others people's eyes, especially Alan and Janice's." He was lying on my chest so I couldn't look at him, but I think that help him be able to talk about it. "I thought he loved me all the years we were together, but again I saw what I wanted to see. I bought my house here after med school and he moved in with me. We were together from the beginning of med school, he worked at the university."

"We did almost everything together and when I got my internship here, he actually quit his job and followed me. He didn't even think twice about it, the moment I told him where my internship was he said he would quit working at the University and seek a job there. Again, I believed it was out of love, that he wanted to be near me. It made me so happy. He was even there for me when my parents were killed, he went with me to D.C. to take care of everything and to close my father's practice and sell the house."

He tightens his hold on me. "The last time I saw him, before he came in and moved everything out of my house, was a week before hand. I had just gotten off a twenty four hour shift at the hospital, the atmosphere in the house was tense, I could just feel it when I walked in. He was sitting in the kitchen and I could tell he was mad about something, and me being me, I walked over to him and asked him what was wrong and he hit me."

I tensed up when he said that, I didn't know he was hit by his ex.

"I can't lie and say that was the first time he had, because it wasn't. But this was the first time he punched me in the face." I really tensed up and Jake held me tighter. "I don't know what cause him to go off the deep end that day, and I probably never will. But he grabbed me up and proceeded to beat the crap out of me, telling me I was cheating on him, I wasn't, I don't know what he was talking about. He said I lied to him about working the last twenty four hours, that I was with someone else, that someone had seen me. Again I told him that I didn't know what he was talking about. He kept saying I was his, and no one can have me and then he raped me."

"He left the house afterwards, and I called the police, but I would press charges, because I knew I needed to go to the hospital. When they brought me in, it was Alan and Janice that were assigned to me. Alan wouldn't let me go back to my place, so I stayed at a hotel for a few days; the cops took me in to get some clothes. When I got up the nerve to return to my home, he had moved everything, literally he left my books on the floor and my clothes were just thrown out of the dressers, I had a few other personal items, but he moved out all the furniture, appliances, dishes anything that made a house a home."

"Babe."

"Wait, let me finish, please. He left a note on the counter for me, saying he never really loved me, that I was just a person to fuck, that he has found his love of his life and I could have my fucking guy that I was seen with. I put the house on the market and moved to the condo, I have never seen him since. I will be honest with you, I wasn't going to let anyone else in, to have my heart stomped on like that, even though I knew our relationship wasn't the greatest, but I did love him. I didn't want to fall in love with you Toby, but I did, and I am glad I have. You are a wonderful person."

"Thank you Jake, I love you too and I am glad you let me in and I will make you a promise right now, I will never hurt you."

"I know you won't, Toby that is why I love you. I can see the difference between my relationship with Rick and with you. I know this is real love and if you said you wanted me to give up my condo, I would do it for you."

"I'm not saying that I don't want us to move in together, because I do, and we technically already are. But, let's at least wait until my lease is up before we make that decision. I have only four more months, then we can discuss if we want to move to yours, which would be the logical choice or mine, or get an entire new place."

"That's a deal."

"Here is a question for you, when is your lease up?" I asked.

"It doesn't matter, I am buying my condo, so we can decide anything you like, and I could sell."

"Nope I think that makes up the decision, I will move in with you, if you will have me, but."

"Oh, I think I will have you." He smirks up at me. "But?"

"You are going to have to let me pay rent or utilities or something, I am not going to leech off of my boyfriend."

"That's a deal, I love you Toby."

"Love you too, now what am I going to do with all my furniture?"

"Well we can store some of it in the basement if you want, sell some, and I can get rid of some of mine to use yours."

"I guess we have four months to decide all of that. Let's take a nap, Babe, you look tired."

"I am."

Over the next several days, I showed Jake around. One night I took the Doc to a club, I know he has never done the gay nightclub scene. The look on his face when we walked through the doors was priceless. Seeing all these young guys with tight clothing and some with very little clothing, they were out on the dance floor, humping on one another. I pulled Jake over to small booth in the back of the place, we had a good view of the dance floor, we order some drinks and kissed and touch a little while watching all the guys of the dance floor.

I so much wanted to go down on him, I did unbutton and unzip his pants, he tried to stop me. I reached in and started stroking his cock, he leaned back in the seat and closed his eyes. I was kissing on his neck while stroking him. I could tell he was getting close, I took a quick look around and quickly dove down on him as he started to cum. When I came back up off of him, or waiter was standing at the table, I just smiled and made sure I didn't have any cum in the corners of my mouth or chin, and then ordered us another round of drinks. The waiter just smiled and left to get our order. I looked at the Doc and he was so red in the face, I had to laugh.
