 There were so many emotions running through my head. I didn't know what to think any more. It's like my entire world had just been turned upside down. I felt subservient to Sean now. Something inside made me want to please him at all costs. I was mesmerized by his cock and the power it had over me. It just goes to show that no matter how big I get my body that I will always be puny next to guys like Sean. I've always been frightened that someone would find just how puny I was. You must realize how utterly small my cock looks on my body. It is pathetic. Now I want that dick up my ass. I think Sean passed out a little. I can only imagine how much it takes out of him to get that huge cock hard. That cock is impressive on a normal sized guy. On him, it looks like a third leg.

I got up and found a towel. We had a toilet and sink in our room, but the showers were communal at the end of the hall. I went in the washroom and started to clean up. I looked at myself in the mirror. Something had changed in me. I flexed my arms just to make sure I was all right. My demeanor in the mirror had changed. I seemed more relaxed now and not so uptight. It was the first time having sex for me and it was incredible. I would do absolutely anything to please Sean. I know that I will always protect him from any bully. They must go through me first. 

Where did the time go? I realized it was time for practice and I had to get across campus. I threw on my padded jock and shorts, put on my size 16 shoes and then grabbed my gear. Sean made a noise when I was getting ready to leave. I bent over and told him that I had practice and had to run. He said, "Make sure your ass is ready when you get back." I nodded and ran out the door.

I ran across campus and got to the locker room just in time. I stuffed my gear in the locker and ran out to the field. It was a brutal practice in the hot fall sun. Our first game was coming up soon and the coach was brutal on us. After practice on the field for an hour, we hit the gym for another hour of lifting. My body was aching. The hot sun and the hard practice plus the lifting afterwards drained everything out of me. As the other guys were leaving and heading to the locker room, I stayed back. I always did this back in high school too. I'd do some extra reps and then hit the gym when they were all in the shower. I'd grab my gear real fast and run out. Today was no different. I did my extra reps and headed off to the locker room. 

This time I was startled to run into a senior player. He was hanging out by his locker and taking his time. He was the quarterback and not nearly as big as me. He was probably about 6'1" and 225 or so. I still had about 75 pounds on him. I hurriedly went to my locker and grabbed my stuff. I was running out and he stopped me and said, "What's your hurry?" It threw me off guard. I looked at him and didn't know what to say. I stammered a little and said I had to meet someone. Then he said, "Without a shower? Man, you are rank. You know that, don't you?" I'm sure I smelled bad. I sweat like hell when I work out and with this hot weather, I'm sure I was particularly rank. 

I hadn't looked that closely at him until now. Obviously, he was built. He was shirtless and had very little hair on his body. Only a wisp of hair on his chest. He had a great V-shape. It was a sexy look. Then I made the mistake. I looked right down at his crotch. My eyes stayed there for a lot longer than they should. His crotch was sizable. He filled out his jock well and that's all he had on. I felt my little dick get hard again. I guess I'm the horniest guy around. He sized up my package and must have realized that I'm not packing anything in there. The only thing in there is some extra padding. Then he said, "Put your stuff down and cum with me. I know where we can have some private time." I put my bag back in my locker and followed him. He said there was an old private shower that no one ever used. 

I'm not sure what I was thinking at this point. I guess I'm just 18 and constantly horny and making up for not having sex before today. I know that I wanted to see what was filling up that jockstrap. Here I am again a huge guy like me weighing 300 pounds following the quarterback around like a puppy dog. While I was walking with him I sized up how hot he looked. You know, some guys walk cock first. It's hard to explain but their whole persona is about getting you to notice how big his cock is. Those broad shoulders to the narrow hips extenuated it.

When we got back to the remote area, there was a shower. It was nice and private. He turned around and leaned up against the wall and commanded me to suck his cock. I got on my knees and first sniffed his jock. It was sweaty and had that musky manly scent I felt my little cock get hard as a rock. I pulled the jock down and let out the meat. He had two huge fucking balls. They were trimmed nicely. His pubic hair was trimmed, but not shaved clean. His dick was thick and uncut. He wasn't as big as Sean, but he was big. He ordered me to pull down my shorts and stated, "I want to get a look at that pathetic thing you call a cock." I complied without even questioning him.

I removed my shorts and tried to hide my padded jock. He stopped me and said, "Let me sniff your jock." I hesitated but he grabbed it. At that moment, I wished I could run, but I didn't. Something held me there. He laughed, "You think having a padded jock will make you feel more like a man? You must be kidding. You are nothing more than a pathetic pussy boy." My little cock was so hard, I thought I was going to burst right there. I tried to control it, but I couldn't. I shot cum from my little pathetic cock. He started laughing at me and told me how pathetic I was. 

He commanded me again to start sucking. His cock was starting to get hard. I sucked it all the way in. I opened wide and knew that I needed to please him. In fact, I wanted to please him badly. I loved the smell and the taste. It made me feel good and warm. It made me feel whole again. As I sucked on him, I could hear him moaning. I could feel the internal moaning. He kept getting harder and harder in my mouth. His cock was big, but not nearly as big as Sean's cock. I would say it is around 8" long and very thick. He said, "You like sucking a real man's cock boy? What's it feel like sucking this big cock? You like it?" I moaned and he knew I liked it.

I got into a rhythm on his cock. I was stretching my mouth wide and taking in as much as I could. I would suck all the way to the base and hold it for a few seconds and then go back to my regular rhythm. After I was sucking for a while, I felt those big balls tighten. This was the signal that he was getting close. He started to thrust into my throat like he was fucking my face. He would thrust deep and then pull out. I felt his balls getting tighter and tighter. Then I felt his hands on the back of my head. He pushed my head all the way down on his cock and held me there. I felt the warm streams of come in the back of my throat. Wet, hot and salty as it filled me up. He held me there for what seemed like an eternity, but was probably only a minute. As he relaxed he let me go and pulled out his cock which was getting softer. I looked down and saw that I had cum again while he fucked my face. He looked down at me and laughed and said, "Pathetic pussy boy. What can you do with that little boy cock?" 

I was stunned. Now, on the first day that I've ever had sex, I've had sex with two equally hot men. He looked at me and said lets shower. We washed each other down. I know he was impressed with my muscle mass and size and I was infatuated with his big cock. We quickly dried each other off. I put my clothes on and when we got back, everyone had left. I was happy about that. We both left and went our separate ways. 

I couldn't wait to get back to Sean.

To be continued...