 As I was walking across campus back to my room, my mind was wandering. This had been one hell of a day and it was still early. My whole life just turned upside down. I now know that my place is pleasing guys with big dicks. Everything about a big dick turns me on. Just thinking about Sean's big dick right now is making my little dick hard. I have missed out all these years. I would do absolutely anything to please him. 

Strolling across campus now was different with everyone moving in. It is much more full of life. As usual my size attracts a lot of attention both from both men and women. I'm used to this and love all the attention. Even though I keep myself big and in shape for football, I like the attention. At 6'8" and 300 pounds it is hard not to notice me. After this season, I want to try for some more mass. I have this desire to be even bigger. Partly I think it's to make up for my puny cock. Anyway, I love my size. That's for sure. I know it will be easy to get some juice to help me bulk up.

I finally get back to the room and Sean is there in his gym shorts and it looks like no underwear. All I can think is damn, I want that cock again. If I'm honest, I want that cock all the time. As I walked back in he said, "I'm glad you're back, my little bitch." He is so much in charge and I just melt. He then said, "We have some man scaping to do before I fuck you. Get naked and come in here." I noticed he had a razor out and shaving cream. He goes, "I prefer my pussy boys have a shaved ass and shaved crotch. Let's get going. Bend over so I can shave your ass." I did as I was told and bent over and held on to the toilet. 

Sean slowly spread the shaving cream over my ass. Remember how big I am. My ass is huge. Then he starts shaving me. He makes sure that he spreads my cheeks and shaves deep in my crack. When done, he wipes off my ass and gives it a couple of slaps. Then he spreads my cheeks again and I feel something wet. I look around and his head is licking my hole. It's very sensitive but it feels good. He keeps at it for a long time and of course my pathetic little cock gets hard. After a few minutes of me writhing and moaning, he pulls away. Then he commands me to turn around. As I stand up and turn around, he catches sight of my hard cock. He starts laughing and says, "That has to be the puniest cock I've ever seen. You are a real pussy boy. You are MY pussy boy." 

He pulls out the beard trimmer and starts trimming my crotch and balls. The balls take no time and when he's done he gets out the shaving cream. He says he wants me smooth like a little pussy boy. He applies the shaving cream and shaves the whole crotch area. When he's done, he says, "Much better. Just like a real pussy now." I'm stunned. I'm so turned on I can't stand it. My little cock is throbbing. I've never had anyone pay so much attention to me. I like it.

Sean then says, "I have to take a piss and I want you to hold it for me. You should know what a real man's dick is like when it pisses." I nodded. He went to the toilet and raised the seat. I stood behind him and had to squat down a little and reached around to hold his dick for him. The size of that monster soft was amazing. It fit my big hands perfectly. It's the size cock that I should have instead of this puny thing. I looked over him and aimed at the water. I heard it streaming and felt it gushing. The sound it made was loud. It was a manly piss. It is the sound that tells everyone that there is a real man here pissing and you should notice. I was flooded by so many emotions I could hardly stand it. He pissed for what seemed like an hour. When he was finished, he helped me shake off the final drops and then I let go. I didn't want to let go. I wanted to hold his big dick all day long. 

We walked back into the room and he stated, "Now I'm going to fuck you. Before we do that, I'm going to try to loosen you up a little. You've never been assaulted by anything in the ass before, have you?" I shook my head no. He commanded me to get on all fours on the floor. He walked to his dresser and pulled out a couple of small dildoes. He said, "I'm going to warm you up with these." He walked around me and started to lube my ass. I looked around and could feel something in my ass. I'm not sure what it was but it felt huge. He stated, "Relax. You are very tight and I need to loosen you up a little. I'm going to work around with a couple of fingers." I thought it was not so bad. Plus, he had small hands.

He was working in deeper and deeper. My little cock was still hard as a rock. He said he was going to use two fingers. After that, I heard him greasing up the smaller dildo. I felt it go in. It felt like I was sitting on a fire hydrant. Nothing had ever been up there before. It was both uncomfortable and exciting. It was like nothing I had ever felt before. He kept telling me to relax. I tried my best. He was pushing the dildo in and out. He kept thrusting it deeper and deeper. I was starting to get into the rhythm and pushing back on him as he thrust. It was starting to feel good.

Then he pulled out the larger dildo, which was still only about half the size of his cock. He greased it up and just shoved it in all the way as fast as he could. I lost my breath and was shocked by this movement. It felt so good though. I wanted his cock so bad. I was sweating and in heaven. After I got used to this size, he said it was time for the real thing. I'm so big, we had to maneuver around so that I was in the right position for him to fuck me. He pulled off his shorts and was stroking that big cock in my face. He commanded me to suck him to get hard. He didn't have to ask twice. I was still on all fours and he was fucking my face.

I want that dick badly and I want to please him. I slurped and sucked and played with those huge fucking balls until I could feel him getting hard in my mouth. I love the size. I'm spoiled by his size. He held my head and used my mouth and throat to get hard. It takes him a lot longer to get hard that It does me. I work on it, suck on it and flex for him when he commands me to. It seems like an hour, but I finally get him hard. He goes around to my ass and spreads it with lube. I hear him lubing up his pole too. Right before he is ready to push it in he says, "Remember we are in the dorm. Don't scream." I thought to myself, I'm a big guy. I won't scream.

At that moment, he pushed that giant prick all the way up my ass. I mean he crams it all the way in. Tears flow from my eyes. I know I can't scream but I want to so badly. I do have some very low guttural moans. I don't know how far in he went, but it felt like he was ripping up my asshole. It shocked the hell out of me. I never thought it would feel like someone is ripping my guts out. He just stood still for a minute. I'm sure he was giving me time to adjust. Not only is his dick long it's so fucking thick. I couldn't speak. I think all the air drained from my lungs. He said quietly, "Make sure you breathe." I slowly started to breathe and tried to look around at him. I could only see a glimpse of him.

He then said, "I have it about half way in. I want you to get used to it. You are going to take it all. Remember, to open up for me and push back. That will make it easier as I start fucking you." I was thinking to myself, "Only half. What am I in for?" I relaxed as best I could. I felt him pulling out. I thought maybe he changed his mind. I didn't want to disappoint him. At that moment, he thrusted me again. This time all the way. I'm sure it was all the way. It hurt like a mother fucker. It had me so stretched out that I didn't know which way was up. It was such a combination of pain and pleasure that I didn't know what to do. I did know deep down that this is what I wanted and needed. Being a pussy boy is what makes me whole. That huge cock in my ass made me whole again. I wanted to please him so bad. Without saying another word, he pulled out and thrust all the way in again. He was moaning as he started thrusting in and out. I could feel those huge balls slapping my ass. 

I wanted desperately to see him fuck me. I looked around and got a glimpse of him in the closet mirror. It was a sight. This 120-pound man basically on top of my 300-pound frame and fucking the hell out of my ass. He had to maneuver in and out and contort his body to fuck me. He was fucking me hard. It was aggressive but not angry. It was like he was in control and he knew what to do to make me feel whole. That's what it did. It made me feel whole. After a while I could match his rhythm and work his dick more. I know this made him feel good as I could hear him moan some more. I was in heaven. There were so many emotions running over me that I could hardly count them.

The absolute pounding went on for a long time. My ass hurt but it felt good all at the same time. I know I came at least once without touching my little cock, but that little thing was still hard. He fucked me and fucked me some more. I know he enjoyed my ass as much as I enjoyed his cock. I was his now. I belonged to him. At that moment, he pulled out and started to cum all over my back. I could feel the thick hot streams of cum on my back. They kept coming and coming. My back was soaked. My little cock shot another load without me touching it. It was so hot. 

Everything was drained out of me. I couldn't move. He got up and said, "You better clean off, pussy boy. Now I know I own you. I just ruined you. You will never be satisfied by a cock smaller than mine. You will always server me." 

With that, I got up and went into the sink to clean up. I watched him with that huge cock. I know this sounds odd, but I wanted him again.

To be continued...