 Thursday was a needed day of rest but on Friday, Eric was back at his neighbor's house. It was a cool overcast day so they stayed inside. They were in Scotty's bedroom in his bed. Eric looked down at his neighbor and watched as his big dick slid in and out of the shapely ass. It was a sight that Eric had come to love. His impressive cock would disappear into the marvelous ass and then re-appear again. He would pull it out until just the head remained and then he would drive it back in causing the curvy buttocks to jiggle. Scotty had his head down on the mattress turned to one side so he could watch in the mirror on the wall. Scotty's back was arched further emphasizing the shape of his incredible ass. He stroked his own cock as Eric drilled him with conviction.

Eric felt his ejaculation building in his scrotum so he pulled his cock from the curvy ass and jerked off until he shot his load. Eric aimed his cock so that the first forceful stream splattered on the anus. The next two jets, almost as forceful as the first, landed in the crack and trickled down over the anus onto the blonde's ball sac. Three more ropes of semen landed on the round buttocks before Eric pushed his cock back into the receptive ass. Eric pushed his semen into Scotty's rectum and then resumed fucking him.

This had become one of their favorite ways to cum. Scotty loved feeling the warm sperm land on his buns and then feel it pushed back into his ass with the big cock. Eric also loved watching his cock spurt and shoot jets of semen onto his neighbor's buttocks and anus. Eric resumed fucking him and Scotty continued jerking off. They were both capable of four ejaculations a day, not atypical for virile young men. Eric fucked Scotty until he ejaculated a second time only that time, he remained in the sweet ass and filled the rectum with a copious load.

They took a break and had a beer before returning to the bedroom. This time they fucked with Scotty on his back, missionary style. Scotty came twice before Eric came a third time. Eric liked watching Scotty cum all over his chest and abs. When he ejaculated his sphincter would contract around the thick dick cock pushing Eric toward another release. Eric would stay in Scotty's ass and shoot more semen into him. 

After another beer break, their final time would be while they lay on their sides in a spoon position as Eric fucked Scotty slowly. In this position Eric would reach around the slender smooth skinned body and jerk his neighbor's cock until they both ejaculated again. They had had sex that afternoon for over three hours and they rested in bed for another half hour before they got up. They showered, dressed and sat in the living room.

"Eric, I received an invitation to visit a friend in San Francisco. I asked if I could bring you and he agreed."

"I don't know if I could go. I can't afford the plane fare."

"That's just it. I have a two-for-one deal. We will stay at my friend's place and it won't cost you anything."

"Wow, I still have to check with my folks and get permission. When are you going?"

"We would leave next Sunday. The airfare deal is that you have to leave Sunday, stay over a Saturday and return on a Thursday."

"That's almost two weeks."

"Right so we have to go next Sunday and be back before school starts."

"Oh wow, I hope I can go." 

CALIFORNIA HERE THEY CUM

When Eric approached his parents about the opportunity to visit San Francisco with Scotty there were two reactions. His mother thought it was a wonderful opportunity to see the city and his father cautioned him about Scotty being gay. Eric again convinced his dad that everything was cool and that he could handle himself if Scotty tried anything. Reluctantly, his father gave his approval.

They two young men left that Sunday for the city by the bay. Scotty and Eric were seated in the next to the last row on the flight. Eric shared the discussion he had with his dad about the trip. 

"He still thinks that you are gay and that you will hit on me."

"What would he think if he knew how many times you had already been in my ass?"

"He would go bonkers."

"Is this your first flight?"

"No, I've flown with my parents before."

"Do you know what the mile-high club is?"

"No, should I?"

"You will. Ill show you. Wait unto the cabin service begins."

Once the plane reached cruising altitude the flight attendants began the cabin service. As soon as the cart passed their seats, Scotty took Eric by the hand and whispered to come with him. They ducked into one of the lavatories and Scotty locked the door. He sat on the toilet seat and reached for Eric's pants. He unbuckled the belt, unfastened the pants and lowered them along with the underwear to Eric's knees. There was no doubt what was going to happen next.

Scotty was a very good cocksucker and in no time, he had Eric ready to blow his load. Scotty sat on the edge of the toilet and drew the teen in toward him. He caressed the back of Eric's legs as Scotty's warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on the big cock. Scotty massaged the head of the cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled it with his tongue and Eric felt the light scraping of teeth. Eric knew he was going to shoot soon.

Scotty took the cock out of his mouth, stroked the entire length of it and massaged Eric's bloated balls. He then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged the taut ball sac. Scotty tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased the pee slit. Scotty had Eric close to cumming a few times. He seemed to know when Eric was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer.

Scotty then took the cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked hard. He reached under the scrotum and rubbed the hardness between the balls and anus. Eric felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. Scotty grabbed Eric's ass cheeks with both hands as the cock exploded in his mouth. Eric fired round after round of cum into the succulent mouth. Scotty sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into the receptive mouth as Eric seemed to have an endless supply. Finally, the barrage subsided and Eric stopped cumming. Scotty sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from the big dick. 

"Welcome to the mile-high club. Let's go back to our seats."

They left the lavatory and returned to their seats. A few people smiled as they sensed what may have happened. Minutes later the drink cart was by them and they had drinks and snacks. They landed about an hour later and took a taxi to Scotty's friend's place. 

A SURPRISE FOR ERIC

When they arrived, Traci was there to greet them and welcome them to San Francisco. Eric was shocked to see that Traci was a beautiful young woman. He was confused as he would have expected Scotty's friend to be a young gay man. Traci was wearing a mini skirt with calf high boots. She had long light brown hair and a curvy figure. 

The apartment was a one bedroom that had a pull-out sofa. Traci got drinks for them as they unpacked. Eric leaned in close and whispered to Scotty. 

"You didn't tell me that Traci is a woman."

"She's a special kind of woman, you'll see."

Traci returned with the drinks and handed them to the guys. They toasted each other promising to have a wonderful 10 days together. Traci then spoke to Eric.

"Scotty has raved about your cock. Let me see it."

Eric hesitated but Scotty reassured him, "It's okay, show it to her."

"Very impressive Eric," Traci remarked when he took it out.

Traci stood in front of them rubbing her tits through the sweater, waiting for something to happen. Eric suspected that Traci was up for some action so he walked up behind her and put his arms around the pretty host. Traci cooed when Eric nuzzled her neck and then let his hands slip under the cotton sweater to find medium sized firm breasts. He fondled the breasts and tweaked the nipples causing Traci to groan. Eric then pulled the mini skirt up baring silk panties and when he reached into the panties to finger her pussy, he encountered an erect cock.

"What the hell?" Eric yelled and jumped backward when he felt the cock. 

Eric moved away quickly and stared in disbelief. "Traci's got a dick," he blurted out.

Scotty and Traci burst into laughter as they had completely fooled Eric. He and Scotty watched as Traci stripped and stood naked before them. She was gorgeous even with her 5" boner sticking out.

"Eric, I would love for you to fuck me just like I hear that you fuck Scotty."

"What do they call someone like you?"

Traci smiled and replied "There are lots of names for people like me. Transsexual or tranny for short, T-girls, femboys and ladyboys and of course there are a few not as flattering. I like ladyboy."

"I do too," offered Scotty.

"My name is Tracy but when I decided to look like a woman, I changed it to Traci."

"You look like a woman to me, except for your cock."

"Good, now let's get started and please refer to me as a woman."

Traci stared at the 8" cock in front of her as she knelt down and then she lowered her mouth on the shaft and began to slowly sucked Eric's dick. As she sucked Eric's cock, Traci wondered how it would feel in her ass. It would be the thickest cock that Traci ever had in the ass and the prospect of it excited her but concerned her as well. Eric was incredibly turned on and without warning he ejaculated into Traci's mouth. Traci was caught off guard by the volume and force of the ejaculation but recovered quickly and managed to swallow the entire load. It had been awhile since anyone had cum that much in her mouth.

"Didn't you blow him on the plane?"

"I did."

"Christ, and he still had that much left. We are going to have fun together.'

"Now Scotty it's your turn while we let Eric recover," Traci said as she knelt in front of Scotty and sucked his cock.

Scotty was thrilled and he came within minutes. "Scotty now I want you to suck my cock," Traci directed.

Scotty complied and took Traci's cock in his mouth and sucked on it until Traci shot her load into Scotty's mouth. Scotty swallowed the load and Traci smiled and said, "Good I liked that. You are still a very good cocksucker, just as I remember."

Eric was rock hard again and he was anxious to get his cock into Traci's hot looking ass. He stared at the beauty who was golden tan except for the tits and ass. The tan lines further emphasized the shapely figure and great looking ass.

"Now Eric, I want you to fuck me but first we have to grease up that pole of yours."

Traci took the tube of lubricant and applied it to the stiff cock. Eric stayed hard the entire time as Traci stroked the impressive young shaft. 

"I like playing with your cock. I bet I could do this all day but I do want you to fuck me. Let's go in my bedroom."

The three of them walked naked into the bedroom and Traci got on the bed on all fours and handed the lube to Eric. "Get my ass ready for your big cock."

Eric took the lube and squirted a gob right on Traci's anus and then pushed it in. Eric worked first one finger and then a second in the sweet ass. Traci put her head down on the bed and arched her back further emphasizing the shape of her curvy ass. Eric was still amazed how much she resembled a woman and it served to turn him on even more. He caressed the lovely ass as he lubricated the passage. Scotty then let his fingers drift over Traci's scrotum and tickled her perineum. Traci's cock twitched when Scotty's finger ran over the perineum and again when he caressed the tight ball sac. Satisfied that Traci's ass was ready; Eric knelt behind her and eased his cock into the fantastic looking bottom.

Traci placed his hand on Eric's thigh to guide the penetration. "Nice and slow, let me stretch out for you slowly," Traci gasped as her chute was spread wider than ever.

"Oh my, you really know you have someone in you when you're there." 

"God you are really tight," Eric echoed.

Scotty asked, "Is he your biggest?" 

"I've had some just as long but never as thick." 

Eric took his time slowly feeding his cock into Traci's ass and then withdrawing it slightly. Each time he would go a little deeper and then stop to allow her to adjust. Traci felt pubic hairs tickle her buttocks and he knew that Eric was buried to the hilt. He began a slow methodical fucking of the desirable ass and he relished every second he was in the beautiful derriere. Eric reached around the smooth body as he leaned over and his hands brushed against the firm tits. He had momentarily forgotten that Traci had tits but now he held them and caressed them teasing the nipples as well. At that moment he truly felt like he was fucking a woman in the ass. He felt that familiar twinge and he pushed his cock all the way into Traci's ass and held it there as he fired a barrage of cum into the gripping rectum. 

"Oh, I feel it, I feel it!" 

Eric placed his hands on the smooth curvy ass cheeks and caressed them as he filled the lovely ass with his seed. He stayed hard and continued to fuck Traci slowly until Traci asked to move to their sides. Keeping his cock deep in the snug ass Eric guided them on their sides and then he resumed fucking the beauty. Eric had his left arm wrapped around Traci's waist and he was holding a tit in his left hand. Traci guided Eric's right hand to Traci's stiff 5" cock and Eric jerked him off as he fucked him. 

"Oh yes, that's it, play with my clit."

Traci came twice with the cock in her ass. Eric felt Traci's cum shoot through the stiff rod and land on the bed sheets. He then placed both hands on the tits and held them firmly until Traci stopped shooting. The two of them then lay in bed perspiring and breathing hard when Scotty spoke. They had momentarily forgotten about Scotty.

"I need to fuck you now."

Eric moved off the bed and Scotty took his place behind Traci. Scotty eased his cock into the lovely ass and it went in easily. Scotty was pleased that he had someone to fuck. He fucked Traci rapidly shooting a good size load into the cum-filled rectum. They had been having sex for almost two hours. Traci suggested a shower and they all showered together.

Eric could not keep his hands off of the shapely body and he loved washing Traci's tits and ass. Eric got hard again and he slipped his soapy cock into Traci's ass. Scotty had dropped to his knees and sucked on Traci's cock. They didn't cum but finished their shower and the three of them tossed on tees and shorts. 

TRACI ENTERTAINS HER GUESTS

On Monday they went down to the Wharf and had a light breakfast at a quaint French bakery. They had pastries and relaxed with café lattes. Eric liked people watching as he saw just about everything strolling around the Wharf. Traci told them that she had to work that night at a club. She shared that she worked as a female impersonator. Eric did not even know that there was such a club.

"We'll go one night when I'm not working. You'll like it. Come on, let's walk around some and then we'll ride the cable car."

Eric enjoyed what he saw of San Francisco that Monday and looked forward to seeing more of the city. They ate lunch out and then returned to the apartment. Traci told them to sit on the sofa and she had a treat for them. Eric and Scotty waited while Traci went into the bedroom to change. When Traci came back out, she had put on a black cocktail dress with spaghetti straps that was cut about eight inches above the knees. She wore thigh high nylons with elastic tops that you could see when she sat down. She also let down her hair so that it cascaded down to her shoulders. She looked very much like a woman in fact a very pretty woman.

"This is one of my outfits that I wear when working at the club."

Traci walked sexily over to the sofa and sat between Eric and Scotty. She tugged her skirt down to try and hide the tops of her hose just as a woman would. Scotty put his arm around her and Eric slipped the spaghetti straps down off her shoulders baring the firm breasts. They were amazed how real the tits looked and how hard the nipples were. Eric leaned over and took one tit in his mouth and sucked on it emitting a moan from Traci.

"You boys shouldn't be touching me. I could get in trouble with my boss."

Scotty slid his hand over hose onto the bare skin. Traci's body was hairless and well pampered. Her skin was smooth and without blemishes. Scotty moved his hand up to the silk panties and stroked the erect cock through the fabric.

"Oh see what you have done? You got me so excited, my clit is hard now."

Scotty pulled the panties aside and let the erect cock escape along with the testicles. He stroked the cock and fondled the tight testicles as Eric sucked on one of Traci's tits. All of this activity served to turn Eric on and he felt his cock pressing against his pants as if trying to get out on its own. Scotty tested Traci's anus and found it already lubricated. 

"See how wet you made my pussy. I really need to stop before this goes too far."

Scotty went along with the seduction game, "Nonsense, we are going to make you feel good. I am going to suck your clit now while I finger your hot wet pussy."

Scotty then leaned over and took Traci's cock in his mouth and slid a finger deep into the lubed rectum. Traci's cock was shy of six inches when erect and fit easily into Scotty's mouth. Eric dropped his pants and underwear to his knees and knelt on the sofa alongside of Traci with his big erect cock waving in the air.

"Here Traci this is for you."

Traci eagerly gobbled up the big cock. Traci was so turned on that she came in Scotty's mouth sooner than she expected. Scotty sucked the cock until it was drained and then he removed the silk panties. He pushed the skirt up to the waist and raised Traci's legs exposing her sweet pucker. Scotty lowered his pants and lined up his cock with the anus. With one push Scotty was buried balls deep in Traci's ass and he began to fuck her in search of his own orgasm.

Traci was a very accomplished cock sucker and had Eric on the verge of his first release. Eric warned her that he was cumming and fired volley after volley into the warm sucking mouth. Traci sucked Eric dry and kept the cock in her mouth as Scotty continued to fuck her. Scotty then announced that he was going to shoot and he blasted his first load into the receptive bottom. Scotty continued to fuck her until his cock softened and slipped out.

"Oh look at me. You two filled my holes with your juice. I can't go to work like this. My boss will have a fit."

Traci looked sexy on the sofa with the dress gathered around her waist. Her tits and ass were on display along with her limp cock and signs of semen on her body and leaking from her ass. Traci jumped up, picked up her panties, faked trying to cover her exposed body and ran from the room as if she were truly embarrassed and ashamed. 

"I have to change clothes now after what you did to me. You should leave now." 

Scotty and Eric laughed, stripped off their clothes and waited for Traci. She came out dressed as a school girl. The uniform was complete with a white blouse, bow tie, navy blue jacket; a plaid skirt cut 10 inches above the knee, white knee-high socks and saddle shoes. Underneath she wore white cotton panties and a white bra. It was unbelievable how much he resembled a schoolgirl. Eric was hard immediately.

"Don't do bad things to me like those other boys."

"What did they do to you?" Scotty played along.

"Well the one boy held me by my hair and put his thing in my mouth. The other boy pulled my panties down to my knees, flipped up my skirt and put his thing in my pussy. They kept their things in me until they shot their hot juice in my mouth and pussy."
