 James

 Carl and I settled back into our day to day routine working and making love. We had been together over two months and never had a disagreement let alone a fight. This was just too good to be true. It was great, but I needed more. I loved being submissive but wanted to do the fucking once in a while. I knew Carl was a total top and would be upset if I pushed to take a turn as top. I was scared to bring it up, I didn't want to screw up a good thing. 

 The sex was still exciting and the love never wavered. My enthusiasm was waning and Carl started to notice. He wasn't shy. "What's wrong baby?" he asked. 

 I didn't respond. I felt fear in my gut, 'if I tell him what I'm thinking it will be over,' I thought.

 "Come on James, what is it? I know something is bothering you," He said.

 "There's nothing bothering me," I said.

 "Yes there is."

 "No there isn't," I broke down, tears forming in my eyes.

 Carl hugged me and kissed the salty tears off my cheeks. "Its OK baby you can tell me anything. I love you and no matter what it is bothering you, that isn't going to change," he consoled.

 "Promise?" I asked.

 "Yes, I promise. Nothing is ever going to come between us. I have never been in love like this before," he assured me.

 "Well, promise you won't get mad," I said.

 "I promise," he said.

 I couldn't look him in the eyes. "I want to fuck you," I mumbled.

 "Come on, speak up I couldn't hear you," he said.

 I dug deep and found the courage to look at him and said clearly "I want to fuck you." He was taken back a bit. Then he smiled at me.

 "I'd do anything for you my love," he said. "I have always been a top and I wouldn't know where to start being a bottom. Be patient with me and we'll see what happens."

 "Don't get me wrong, I love being the submissive, but we need to change things up once in a while," I said.

 Carl took me in his arms and told me never to be afraid to tell him what I wanted or needed. We kissed our tongues fighting for control, I could feel Carl submitting to me while we kissed. When the kiss ended I was on top of him. I smothered his face in kisses, I could feel his hairy body under me and I almost rolled onto my back and raised my legs, I wanted to feel him inside me so bad. Instead I trailed my kisses down to his neck, nipped at his earlobes and then his nipples. His hairy chest tickled my nose and scratched my lips before I found a nipple and sucked it into my mouth. I started to feel his big cock filling up under my belly as I captured the second nipple and gave it a good suck and just enough teeth and lips to pinch a little making his cock jump with a quick pulse. As my tongue found his belly button his cock was pulsing in rhythm with my tongue dips into his navel.

 I dragged my lips and nose down through his treasure trail toward his raging hardon lapped the drop of precum off the tip of his cock and kissed the length of it. Carl spread his legs, I slid down between them and lapped at his balls. I took them into my mouth one at a time getting his ball sac very wet. My saliva was dripping down his ass crack. I raised my head and looked at his hairy hole. I had to taste it and dove in my tongue was seeking his sphincter and when I dipped the stiff tip into it he moaned with pleasure. 

 Carl reached over to the bedside table and picked up the lube. He handed it to me and said, "please be gentle."

 I put a big dollop of lube on his puckered hole and worked it in with my index finger. He tensed as my finger penetrated him. I pulled out and put on some more lube and worked my finger back to his sphincter circling it and massaging it pushing slowly through it. He was relaxed enough to accept one finger. I fucked it in and out for a few seconds and then brought my second finger in contact with his sphincter and felt it giving way for entry. Soon I had three fingers in and he seemed to be relaxed. "Are you OK?" I asked.

 "Yeah, I think so," he said. 

 My cock was dripping wet. I pulled my fingers from his ass and rubbed my cock over it transferring the line of precum on his puckered hole. I lubed my cock and squeezed another big dollop right on his hole. I put the tip of my cock in the dollop of lube and pressed against his sphincter. I felt it start to yield.

 "Easy, love it hurts," he said.

 I backed off and started gentle nudges against his tight hole. He was gradually opening for me. After a minute or so I felt the head slip through into his channel and stopped moving.

 "Are you OK?" I asked.

 "It still hurts but it is getting better. Go slow," he said.

 "What a wuss," I said. "This is tiny compared to yours"

 "Not so tiny my love. It feels huge."

 "You're going to love it," I said.

 I moved very gently in and out gradually entering his chute. He was starting to loosen up and let me in. I could tell that he was ready when sounds of pleasure replaced those of discomfort. I buried my cock to the hilt and held it there. He moaned and I stared with short deep strokes. I could tell that he was getting into it when he started moving in time with my stroking.

 "Ohhhh fuck," he said. "It's so fucking good. I love you soooo much. I'm such a fool for thinking I was too macho to let someone do this to me. Thank you James, thank you."

 I looked into his eyes and shifted my position so that my cock was riding hard against his prostate. His eyes rolled back into his head and the moans of pleasure were music to my ears. God I loved him. This made our relationship complete. After a couple of minutes of stroking his prostate I felt his sphincter clamp down on my cock and the first rope of his cum hit him from his upper lip down to his breast. He flicked his tongue out and licked his lips off while surge after surge of his orgasm pulsed through him in time with my strokes. I couldn't hang on any longer and he milked me dry. 

 I collapsed onto his chest and lapped some of his cum from his hairy chest into my mouth. As I slid over his slippery body my softening cock slipped from his asshole just as our lips connected. We shared the remnants of his cum and swirled our tongues in a wild dance as I tried to devour him. 

 "Fuck I had no idea how good that could be. Now I know why you like it so much. WOW. Now we will fight about who gets to bottom."

 "No way," I said. "I am still the bottom. That big cock of yours was made for fucking and it is all mine. We can switch up once in a while, but even when you bottom, you're my big strong man."

 "Thank you James, I love you so much," he said. 

 We took a nice warm shower and cuddled up in our bed enjoying the afterglow. We slept soundly and were awakened by the alarm with just enough time to have a quick breakfast and head off to work. It was mid-week and I was starting to look forward to the weekend. That evening Carl suggested we have a date on Saturday maybe drive into Boston for dinner, a show and a night in a luxury hotel. I was so excited.

 Carl

 One evening last week I thought James was going to have a nervous breakdown. I knew he was upset about something. I pressed him until he blurted out that he wanted to fuck me. I had never allowed a guy to fuck me before, but James wasn't just another guy and love isn't a one way street. I gladly agreed to bottom for him. I was foolishly a bit nervous about it. I was so wrong to be nervous. It hurt a bit until I was able to relax and submit completely to him. It was the most pleasurable sex I can remember. His cock massaged my prostate until I exploded with my first ever P spot orgasm and boy was that ever powerful. My love for him was complete and that wouldn't be the last time that he was going to fuck me. I told him that now we would fight over who got to bottom. Of course my aim is to please James and be happily in love with each other. So, whatever feels right will we will do it. James isn't selfish and I won't be either.

 On Saturday we went to Boston for a night on the town. We had a lovely meal in a private dining room at a high end restaurant and took in a live musical. The evening was perfect but it wasn't over. I had booked a room at the Ritz Carleton on the Common. After we checked in and went up to our penthouse suite I ordered a bottle of champagne. In a few minutes a man from room service showed up with the champagne in a bucket of ice. I thanked him with a generous tip and finally James and I were alone. 

 I popped the top on the champagne and filled our glasses handing one to James. "To us," I said. "And may our love never die."

 James smiled as we touched our glasses and said "I will always love you."

 We sipped our champagne our eyes locked and I slowly dropped to one knee.

 James

 I couldn't believe what was happening. I watched Carl as he was kneeling in front of me, it was like he was looking into my soul. His lips started to move it seemed like there was a time delay as I heard him say "James, will you marry me?"

 "Oh my god Carl. Yes, yes, of course I will marry you. I love you sooo much"

 He slipped a thick gold ring sporting a very nice emerald on the third finger of my left hand. I was overwhelmed, tears forming in my eyes. I pulled gently on his hand, he rose took me in his arms and we kissed and kissed and kissed. Then he kissed the tears from my cheeks and slowly moved me backwards toward the bed. As my legs touched the bed I sat down. Carl loosened my tie and unbuttoned my shirt. I finally was coming to my senses again, realizing where this was headed I started helping Carl undress me. He then decided that I could finish undressing and in no time he was naked too.

 His cock was fully engorged and stood proudly out pointing right at my face. "mmmm, someone is excited!" I exclaimed. I reached out and took his cock in my hand and slowly stroked it as my lips kissed the soft purple head. I continued to stroke while sucking gently on the head. My saliva coated his cock head and dripped off my chin.

 He pulled me up and held our bodies together, his big cock pressed into my stomach up to the bottom of my breast bone and my own cock rested against his balls and the lower part of his cock. We gyrated our bodies against each other precum dripping from both our cocks, lubricating each other. He pushed me backward onto the bed and laid on top of me. As our lips met our cock heads were touching and a puddle of precum was forming on my belly.

 Carl started to thrust against my cock more urgently. I was so pent up, I could feel my orgasm building. I told Carl I was going to cum. He groaned and continued to thrust and as my cock started pulsing gobs of cum he erupted too. We were a slippery mess. We kissed our tongues twining together in a loving battle.

 When the afterglow had subsided we showered and went to bed. As I lay there in his arms, finally realizing this was really happening, I looked into his eyes and said, "This is the best moment of my life. You have made me so happy."

 We talked until the enormity of the moment subsided and I was able to breathe normally again, making plans and talking about the future. We decided we would ask Kelley and Lilly for dinner next weekend and break the news to them. Sleep crept up on me and when I woke up, light was streaming into the room. Carl was dressed and sat there looking at me. 

 "Did you know you talk in your sleep?" He asked.

 "Oh my god! What did I say?"

 "Let's just say it was enlightening," he said.

 "Come on Carl, What did I say?" 

 "I'll never tell so don't bother asking. Just remember I know at least one of your deep dark secrets. I'm going to save this bit of knowledge for some day when I need it." He said.

 I was so worried that I pressed him, but told me not to worry because even my deepest darkest secret could never lessen his love for me. I sure hoped he was telling the truth.

 "Now hurry and get dressed. We are going out for breakfast. Then we are going to walk on the Common and enjoy this beautiful morning." Carl urged.

 The Common was a treasure trove of history. It is the oldest city park in the United States. It has been a cow pasture, a camp for the British army before the Revolutionary War, a site for executions, and the site of riots about food shortages in the early part of the eighteenth century at which the Lieutenant Governor was shot.

 The Common received true park status about 1830 and was declared a US National Historic Landmark in 1987. As we strolled through the Central Burying Ground we found tombstones of famous artists, composers, authors and Revolutionary War heroes.

 Before we knew it the sun was high in the sky and we were hungry. We had lunch and headed back home. We spent the rest of Sunday afternoon relaxing and getting used to being engaged. Carl made love to me more sweetly and tenderly than ever before. We spent so much time on foreplay that I was on the verge of orgasm before any sort of intercourse started. His kisses and caresses had me riding on the highest wave, climbing Everest to the very pinnacle, riding the thin edge. 

 Sensing my fragile state Carl eased up and allowed me to come down before taking my cock in his mouth. He sucked so gently that the touch seemed feathery and my excitement was peaking again when he let my cock slip from his lips with a kiss on the head. He slipped a pillow under my hips and I opened myself to him. He put some lube on his cock and worked some into my ass. "Fuck me gently," I instructed him.

 His cock slipped through my sphincter with hardly any pain. I was totally relaxed and soon I was totally impaled by his big cock. He slow fucked me while kissing me sensually. I was like a blob of jelly just going with the flow and riding the cutting edge. Carl was able to last a long while never straying from the missionary position. When he finally came he gave me one hard thrust and cum flew from my cock between us. I felt his cum starting to leak from my ass and running down toward the pillow.

 "Fuck that was good!" I exclaimed.

 "God, I love you," he replied.

 That night I slept more soundly than I had for months. I think it was of the sense of security from knowing that we were totally committed and would be partners as long as we both lived. The next morning I remembered that Carl had heard me talking in my sleep and asked him again what I had said. "Uh, uh not telling. I'm keeping that until I can make good use of it," he said.

 This was going to drive me crazy, but better crazy with Carl than sane with anyone else. We went to work. That evening I called Kelley and asked her and Lilly to come for dinner on Saturday evening.

 The girls arrived at about 5:30. We enjoyed some wine and a nice meal that Carl and I had prepared. The conversation was light during the meal with complements on the food and the girls sharing what they were doing in preparation for their wedding. Carl asked if they had set a date yet and they hadn't. I could hardly wait to tell them our news and didn't add much to the conversation. I had decided that I wouldn't wear the ring until after we ate. 

 After we had dessert Carl, Kelley and Lilly retired to the living room. I took a bathroom break and slipped the ring on my finger. When I returned Kelley looked at me and said "James, you have been uncharacteristically quiet this evening and now I can see that you are brimming with excitement. I have a feeling you have something on your mind that you aren't telling us, come on spill. What is it?" Carl looked at me and nodded.

 I held out my hand with my ring prominently displayed and gushed "Carl proposed to me, we're engaged."

 "Congratulations you guys! No wonder you have been awkward! I know you James and I know you aren't good at keeping secrets. You wanted to tell us the minute we came through the door! Didn't you?" Kelley asked.

 "Oh god yes, it was hellish sitting through dinner. What did we have to eat?"

 "Yes, congratulations guys." Said Lilly "You are meant to be together. Your obviously love each other. What took you so long?"

 The conversation continued excitedly with all kinds of ideas being thrown out. Lilly had been the quiet one until she blurted out "why don't we make it a double ceremony?" The conversation stopped. We all looked at Lilly, then Carl looked at me as my eyes turned to him. I noticed Kelley and Lilly, their eyes locked on each other as well. Then everyone smiled at the same time. We all started nodding. And the deal was sealed. We decided that June was the month for weddings and we would make plans for the second Saturday in June.

 The girls had been planning a very simple wedding with just the four of us and that suited us fine. We would be their witnesses and they would be ours. Kelley and Lilly would be out of school at the end of April and they suggested that they would make arrangements for our wedding day to be special. We settled on 4:00pm for the ceremonies followed by a fancy meal. Carl and I were more than happy with that. Left to organize our own wedding we would just show up at the courthouse, get our blessing from the judge and sign the papers before heading out for a great honeymoon trip.

 After the girls left it was our turn to have lights out before their car was out of the driveway. It was a night to remember. The excitement of the night carried over into our lovemaking, after we were both satiated we slept soundly.

 Kelley and Lilly had both been hired by companies in Manchester and moved into an apartment not far from Carl's house. They were scheduled to start work right after their honeymoon. Even though we talked often, they were tight lipped about plans for our upcoming weddings. It was the end of May before they even mentioned the wedding. They told us that they had found a marriage officiant who had agreed marry us. We questioned them but got no more information from them.

 The big day was approaching fast. With less than a week to go Kelley dropped by one evening. Carl and I were on the patio in the back of the house. Kelley heard us talking and came around to the back yard. She looked around and said "I think the grass could use a trim but everything else is perfect. It looks like the timing is going to be perfect, that flowering crab tree will be in full bloom."

 "What are you talking about?" asked Carl.

 "That's where we are going to get married." She stated matter of factly. "Picture it, the four of us, in full sunshine, in front of that beautiful tree with bees buzzing as a backdrop, just the four of us and John."

 "Who the hell is John?" Cark asked.

 "The marriage officiant, who else?" she said.

 "Oh yeah, who else?" said Carl.

 I smiled, it was clear that Carl had met his match. Just then Lilly appeared with a man in his early fifties. She introduced him as John. Kelley and Lilly spent the next half hour discussing all the details of the ceremonies. Then John got all the information he would need from each of us. He asked if we would be writing our own vows. The girls said of course we would. We thanked them for making the decision for us, but it didn't take too much convincing for us to agree. 

 I fretted over my vows, making several false starts filling the recycle bin before I struck on something I liked. Carl seemed to be having a hard time with his as well. By Saturday we thought we were ready when Kelley showed up with a middle aged lady and started showing her around the kitchen.

 "Who is this woman?" Carl asked. 

 "This is Sandie, she's the caterer." 

 "Why do we need a caterer? I made reservations for us at a restaurant," said Carl.

 "Well cancel it. Don't forget Lilly and I are responsible for planning this affair."

 With that Carl and I were banished from the kitchen. A few minutes later Kelley popped her head back in and said "I'm leaving now, I'm getting married this afternoon and I have to get ready. It wasn't long before we heard Sandie humming a tune as she worked getting prepared for the afternoon. Soon she too left telling us she would be back to prepare the meal and expected it to be served at 5 o'clock.
