 MORE PORN

On Wednesday the three woke up one at a time and headed for the kitchen to get a cup of coffee. Eric was up first so he had made the coffee. It was a rainy chilly day so they decided to hang out at the apartment. Traci suggested watching some porn and Scotty agreed but Eric was indifferent. They looked at the TV as the movie began to play. 

"This first scene is my favorite. The others are hot too but this one is really hot," Traci described.

Scotty watched the first scene and he was surprised to see a subway car full of girls. "Traci there are only girls in this movie," he blurted out.

"Just wait. It gets really interesting," Traci advised.

Scotty and Eric watched the movie with interest but they were still surprised at the women in the movie as they would have thought that they would be watching a gay movie. There was a very pretty Asian woman dressed in a business-like black suit with a very short mini skirt. The woman was young and she had very nice legs. Her skirt was so short that it barely covered her ass. Suddenly a younger looking blonde-haired girl dressed in a school uniform reached out and ran her hand under the business woman's skirt. The student fondled the business woman's ass through the panty hose and the business woman pushed the hand away and pulled her skirt down.

The young woman dressed like a school girl was really cute. She was foot shorter than the business woman. She wore a white blouse with a red plaid tie; a solid blue pleated skirt that was cut above her knees and white knee-high socks. The school girl was then back at the business woman who looked frightened on the subway. No one was paying any attention to the two of them. The business woman then moaned as the school girl played with the business woman's ass and then she said something to the school girl.  

"I am not what you think I am."

The school girl then raised her skirt and showed the business woman that she had an erection in her blue panties. Then the school girl pressed the stiff pecker against the business woman's thigh. The business woman moaned again and this time rubbed her own crotch. Scotty and Eric now caught on and they realized that the two women had cocks and just like Traci they were pretty ladyboys.

The pretty ladyboy dressed like a business person was now rubbing her crotch and there was a slight bulge in it. The pretty school ladyboy lifted the skirt of the business person and pulled the panty hose down so that the head of the cock peeked out. The school ladyboy then began to rub the cock head and pre-cum smeared her fingers. Then the school uniform dressed ladyboy raised her skirt and lowered her panties just below her balls so that her erect cock stood out. Next the two pretty ladyboys jerked each other off on the subway. All the people seated on the subway seemed oblivious to the action that is until cum started flying.

Both of them came in buckets and their semen flew across the subway car. The other people yelled at them and they got off at the next stop. The scene then shifted to the subway station bathroom where both pretty ladyboys began kissing and feeling each other up. Soon their blouses were open and their bras were undone so that their tits were displayed. Both had nice tits but the business person had larger tits than the school ladyboy. Their skirts were removed and the school ladyboy had her pretty blue panties down around her knees with her erect 6"cock standing out. The business person had her pantyhose pulled down to her knees and she too had an erection about the same size.

The blonde ladyboy then started fucking the business person and eventually came all over her ass. The business person jerked off and ejaculated on the other's thighs. The two of them were stroking their cocks when two men dressed like police walked in the bathroom. Things moved quickly and the two pretty ladyboys were stripped naked and bent over holding onto the bathroom sinks. The two policemen dropped their pants and underwear and fucked the two pretty ladyboys. The policemen pulled out of the pretty asses before they came and they shot their loads all over the shapely buttocks. Then the policemen pulled up their pants and left the bathroom. The camera zoomed in on the curvy cum covered asses as the scene ended. Eric was rock hard and he was dying to fuck Traci. 

"So, what did you think?" Traci asked.

"You were right it was hot. I need to get off soon," Scotty said almost begging and Eric agreed.

"Okay, let's get to it."

Traci watched as Eric put a generous amount of oil on his cock and stroked it until it was covered. She knew that Eric would be the first to fuck her. Traci lay on her back on the sofa as Eric slipped his well-oiled cock into the sweet ass. Scotty knelt alongside Traci's head and fed his cock to her. Traci turned her face toward Scotty and gobbled up his cock. Scotty leaned over and took Traci's cock in his mouth. Traci sighed as her cock was sucked by Scotty and she thought that it didn't get any better than this. A cock in her ass, a cock in her mouth and her cock in a mouth; she was heaven. Scotty played with Traci's nipples as she sucked him. 

Scotty sucked Traci's cock and Traci knew she was close to cumming. Traci then felt Eric's body stiffen just before he shot his load into Traci's ass. It was Eric's first cum of the day and Traci could the feel the force of the ejaculation as streams of cum flooded her rectum. Traci tightened her sphincter around the thick cock in an effort to draw out every drop of man seed and she was rewarded for her efforts as Eric's cock throbbed, pulsed and exploded in the lovely ass.

As Eric slowly fucked Traci allowing his cock to soften in the ladyboy's ass, Scotty groaned on Traci's cock that he was cumming. Traci kept Scotty's cock in her mouth as Scotty fired rope after rope of cum down her throat. That triggered Traci's orgasm and she blasted her load into Scotty's mouth. Both Traci and Scotty sucked on each other's cocks in their mouths until they both deflated and slipped from the oral cavities. 

They decided to refresh their coffee and watch more porn. It was raining harder now and they wouldn't be going out. They might as well stay in and have sex all day. They turned their attention back to the screen and watched as the next scene appeared. 

This one had a pretty ladyboy wearing a mini skirt buying shoes. The shoe salesman kept looking up the skirt as he was fitting her with shoes. Soon the salesman had his hands under the skirt and he discovered that his customer was a pretty ladyboy. The next thing was that the salesman took the customer in the back room where he bent the pretty ladyboy over a chair. The salesman lifted the skirt over her back and pulled the pantyhose hose down to her knees. Then the salesman dropped his own pants and freed a very impressive cock that had to be nearly 8" long. The salesman fucked the customer until he ejaculated on the customer's buttocks. He actually aimed his cock at the pretty ladyboy's anus and fired several rounds hitting the target and coating the customer's ass. Then the salesman put his cock back in the customer's ass as the pretty ladyboy jerked off and shot his massive load onto the floor. The two of them got dressed and the next sequence was the customer paying for her shoes.

The third scene was in an office setting with a boss and a secretary. The secretary turned out to be a pretty ladyboy and within minutes she was bent over the desk with her skirt thrown over her back and her hose down around her knees. The boss stuck a good size cock in the pretty ass and began fucking her. While she was getting fucked, the pretty ladyboy answered the telephone and told the caller what was going on. Within minutes after hanging up the phone, another man entered the office. He walked over to the secretary and dropped his pants offering his cock to the secretary who immediately took it in her mouth. The two men worked the pretty ladyboy at both ends. The camera panned out and when the scene returned the three of them were naked. The secretary was indeed a pretty ladyboy with nice legs, nice tits and a curvy ass. The two men took turns fucking her and they both came twice before the scene was over. The pretty ladyboy had also jerked off twice and shot her load onto the desk.

The three of them were ready for more action. Traci then moved between Scotty's legs and slipped her cock into Scotty's ass as Eric offered Traci his cock to suck on. This time Traci came in Scotty's ass, and Eric came in Traci's mouth. Traci moved to all fours and then Scotty fucked Traci as Eric fucked Scotty. The three of them fucked until Scotty and Eric shot their wads in the respective anal passages. Then the three of them rested, had a light breakfast and thought about their next round of sex.

It didn't take long for the young cocks to spring back into action. Traci suggested that they take the action to the bedroom. The three of them went to the bedroom and climbed in the oversized bed. Traci got in bed and turned his beautiful shapely ass up in the air in anticipation of Eric's big cock. Eric did not disappoint him and he was soon pounding Traci's magnificent ass. 

Traci got her ass totally reamed by Eric. Traci and Scotty then got into a 69 position on their sides and Eric took turns fucking their asses. The three of them writhed and humped until they all exploded in orgasms. Traci and Scotty filled each other's mouth with the familiar taste of cum just as Eric blasted another load into Traci's ass.

The three of them stayed in the same position for about a half hour as their cocks deflated and slipped from their receptacles. Cum oozed from Traci's anus. 

The three of them were done and it was late afternoon. They had a late lunch before Traci had to get ready to go to work. Over lunch Eric thought about what Traci had said about doing porn. He loved the ladyboy scenes in the movie and he knew he could easily fuck pretty people like that. He spoke to Traci.

"I think that I would like to learn more about doing porn."

"Great, I'll call a friend of mine."

"I have to think what I will do about college."

"Go to school here. There are a lot of options. You will be making plenty of money."

"I'll have to find a place to stay."

"I'll help you and you can crash with me until we find something for you."

"It all sounds too good."

"I'm going to call Barry right now, he's a producer."

It was a quick conversation and Traci reported that Barry would see them at 11:00 AM tomorrow at the studio. Eric had mixed emotions. In one way he was thrilled but he was still concerned. Traci excused herself to shower, dress and get ready for work. Scotty and Eric listened to music after she left. Later Scotty decided to take a nap and Eric watched some more of the ladyboy porn.

THURSDAY AUDITION

On Thursday Eric woke up well rested and anxious for his big day. Traci warned against any morning sex as Eric needed to save himself for the audition. Scotty opted to do some sightseeing so the two of them headed for the studio. As they approached the studio Eric became more and more anxious. 

"Here we are," Traci announced.

Eric looked at the warehouse building and he would never have suspected that it housed a porn studio. They got out of the car, approached the building and stopped at a security gate and Traci identified herself through a speaker. The gate swung open and they walked inside. Eric was as nervous as he had ever been in his life about anything. One inside the building they took an elevator to the second floor. When Eric stepped off the elevator he felt as he had just entered a different world. They were in the lobby of the studio and there were posters everywhere advertising different movies. They walked to the door and once again Traci identified herself and a buzzer sounded. Traci pushed the door open and Eric followed her inside to reception area.

Eric looked around at the movie posters and noticed that they were much more revealing than those in the lobby. Guys were showing hard in some of the posters but Eric noticed that not too many of the actor's cocks looked any bigger than his. All of a sudden, he felt at ease. Just then a good-looking middle-aged man entered the reception area and greeted them.

"Traci, beautiful as ever, how the hell have you been? Is this the young man you told me about?" the man addressed Traci and then stuck his hand out to Eric, "Barry Jones, pleased to meet you."

"Eric," Eric said shaking the man's hand.

"It's good to see you Barry." Traci replied.

"Come on let's go to my office."

"So kid, Traci tells me that you are thinking about getting into porn?"

"Kind of, I mean we talked about it."

"Well according to Traci you have all the physical tools. Are you up for auditioning today?"

"Yes I think so."

"Good I have everything set up. You will work with one of our stars, Ben Dover. If his ass doesn't get you hard then it will be a short audition. I'll lay the deal out for you and then you can decide if you want to go through with it. Okay?" 

"Okay!"

"Good, here's the deal. We will film you today and if you sign a contract with us, you will be paid for today. If we have a deal you will be paid $100 an hour to start. The contract will have incentives in it and if you become very popular will have the opportunity to re-negotiate a new contract. I assume that you don't have a lawyer or an agent, do you want Traci to be your agent?"

"Yeah that would be great! Is that okay Traci? Would you be my agent?"

"Absolutely, I would love to be your agent and help you out."

"Okay then first I need you to sign this. It states that the film we shoot today is our property and that we have the right to use it even if you do not sign with us." 

The three of them went through another door into the studio. Barry introduced Traci and Eric to the film crew and the Director. Then Eric met Ben Dover. Ben was drop-dead gorgeous and he had a great looking ass, easily as nice as he had ever fucked. Eric couldn't wait to see it naked. Eric felt that familiar surge in his loins and he knew that he would have no trouble getting hard for Ben.

Then the Director took over, "Okay here's the scene. We are doing a series on college roommates so Ben you will be naked in bed in the dorm room when Eric returns from class and enters the room. I will coax you both through some lines but feel free to ad lib. Understood?"

Eric and Ben nodded in agreement. "Good and Eric, since this is your first shooting, I will keep the interruptions to a minimum. Okay let's get going."

Ben took off his clothes and laid down face down on the bed naked. His fabulous bubble butt stuck in the air as if it begged to be fucked. Eric watched as one of the assistants put on a rubber glove and then lubricated the scrumptious ass. Eric felt his cock harden in his pants as he watched the assistant take his time fingering Ben's anus.

"Ready action," the Director called out.

Eric walked in to the make shift dorm room and smiled as he spotted Ben naked on the bed. "You look comfortable."

"How was class today?" Ben asked.

"Oh you know boring as always. What are you up to?"

"Just laying here thinking about your big cock. Come on over here." 

Eric walked over to Ben and stood in front of him. Ben propped himself up on his elbows and reached for Eric's zipper. He unzipped the fly, unbuckled the belt, unfastened the pants and then pushed them down to Eric's knees. He was as hard as a rock in his underwear and his cock leaped out when Ben pushed the briefs down to his knees. Then Ben hummed as he placed his mouth on the big cock. 

"He does have a great cock. He's long and thick but not too big. You were right Traci."

"Yes he does I can't wait to see him stick it in Ben's ass."

"Okay Eric now move away from Ben and get rid of your clothes. Then get behind him and fuck him. Remember that we want the cum shot so when you're close to cumming, pull out and shoot on his body," the Director said coaching Eric.

Eric was so focused on the hot ass that he was not distracted by the camera crew, the lights or the number of people watching. Eric knelt behind Ben and pulled him up by his hips so that Ben's ass was on a level with the throbbing cock. Eric then eased his long thick cock into the snug ass. Ben sighed as the impressive cock wormed its way into his rectum and he dropped his head to the mattress and turned it toward the camera. Ben had a dreamy look on his face as Eric fucked him slowly. Eric caressed the perfect round ass as he watched his cock slide in and out. The camera crew moved around getting different views of the anal intercourse but Eric was undeterred and he focused on fucking the hot ass.

"Oh that's just what I needed today, a big cock in my ass."

"I love fucking your ass and I was thinking about it in class all day."

Eric felt his balls tighten and he knew he was really close. "I'm going to cum," he announced.

"Oh good cum all over me." 

Eric pulled his cock out not a moment too soon just as the first stream spewed from the big cock. The force and the volume were so intense that cum hit Ben in the back of his head and soaked his hair. The second and third streams of cum landed on the neck and shoulders. Then the fourth and fifth streams landed on the small of the back with the sixth and seventh shots landing on the curvy buttocks. Everyone except Traci was in awe of Eric's ejaculation. Eric then wiped his cock on the buttocks and ran it between the cheeks of Ben's ass. To everyone's amazement he stayed rock hard and then stuck his cock back in Ben's ass.

"I'm going to fuck you again."

"Oh good."

Ben fell forward on the mattress in a prone position with his legs spread wide. Eric followed him to the mattress keeping his cock buried in the curvy ass. Eric kept his weight off by putting his hands on either side of Ben's body just as he had seen in the porn movie. Eric drilled the marvelous ass as the camera zoomed in for a close up. Each time Eric pulled out and then thrust back in, Ben's ass cheeks jiggled. It was one hot scene and Traci could only think about getting home so that Eric could fuck her like that again. 

Eric felt his orgasm building again and this time when he pulled out, he aimed his cock right at the dilated anus. Everyone watched in amazement as Eric came with nearly as much force and volume as he did the first time. Ben felt cum shoot on his anus and land on his buttocks. It was one hot scene as cum stream after cum stream hit the pucker and covered his buns. Eric then pushed his cock back into the sweet ass pushing cum into the rectum. Ben wiggled his ass as Eric pushed his seed into him. 

"Oh God, I have to cum!" announced Ben.

Eric removed his cock to allow Ben to roll over. Ben grabbed his erect 6" cock and jerked it furiously in search of his release. Eric rubbed Ben's balls just as he had done with Traci and Scotty. Ben grunted and cum flew out of his cock and landed on his chest and abs. Ben continued to jerk his cock until the remaining cum trickled over his pubes.

"Cut," the Director screamed, "That was fucking fantastic! Barry you have got to sign this kid to a contract."

"Consider it done. Well kid, ready to sign?"

"Yeah I'm ready, this was great!" 

"What are you taking Eric to make you cum like that?" Ben asked.

"Nothing it just happens."

"Well you are truly gifted and certainly cut out for this business. I'll look forward to working with you again."

Then the Director announced, "The scenes we just shot are definite keepers for the new series College Roommates."

Then Barry spoke, "Eric that was so good that we will pay you for today. We will use you in the rest of this series. When can you start?"

"I have to go home Thursday and I guess I could be back on the weekend. I have to tell my parents that I'll be going to college out here."
