 Author's note: I have enjoyed writing this story and want to thank all readers who have voted or commented on the previous chapters. The story is pure fantasy and the characters are all fictitious. I apologize for the delay in completing the final chapter. At the end of the previous chapter James and Carl had just been married and looking forward to a honeymoon in the US Virgin Islands. Enjoy...

*****

We arrived at the resort on St. Croix Monday afternoon. It was really nice and right on the beach. The water was a crystal clear and a beautiful shade of turquoise, the sand was pure white. It was a tropical paradise. We checked in and went to our room. Carl took me in his arms, we kissed and then looked out our window. We both started to speak at the same time. It was clear that we were both thinking 'swim', so we stripped naked and got our swimming trunks from our luggage. I looked at Carl, his beautiful cock was semi erect and hung at half-mast. I could feel the blood rushing into my own cock and I said "shit Carl, we better get to the beach or we aren't going to make it today!"

So, with tented trunks, we headed out the door. We got some weird looks and glances along with several outright stares. We didn't mind, the water was wonderful with the temperature in the 80's. We swam and frolicked for nearly an hour then basked in the late afternoon sun until darkness arrived almost like the light switch was turned off. 

We were booked for six days all inclusive, and judging by the spread in the dining room, we would be working out hard and long to reverse the weight gained from our excesses. After dinner we returned to our room and relaxed. I cuddled in Carl's arms we talked about all that was happening, our whirlwind romance and marriage is less than a year, our friendship with Kelley and Lilly and how perfect life seem to be. By this time the hectic day we had had was starting to catch up with us. Carl suggested that we take a shower to wash off the salt water before we went to bed.

In the shower with warm water flowing over us and caresses from Carl's hands I leaned back into his arms and said, "this feels so good, I may fall asleep right here in your arms."

Carl reached down and turned the tap to cold, and warned, "not so fast mister, I have plans for you tonight."

"Fuck Carl, that's cruel, it's so fucking cold." I screamed.

He turned me around, pulled me into his arms and kissed me. The heat of the kiss almost made up for the cold water that still poured over me. Carl restored the water temperature back to warm and said, "I hope you are awake now." Then he shut the water off before I got too comfortable. We dried off and he scooped me into his arms and carried me to the bed. He deposited me then followed onto the bed laying on top of me. His hairy body felt so good against my smooth skin. His cock was filling and growing. He began to rub it against my groin and balls before bringing it in full contact with my cock. By this time we were both hard and I was moaning like a whore in heat (whatever that sounds like). My legs found their way around Carl's waist and his cock was now massaging my taint. Precum was soaking me from my balls to my asshole.

Carl reached for the lube and squeezed some on my hole, working it in with his finger. Then he applied some to his cock and pointed it at my hole. I was still very relaxed and he slipped into me in one long slow stroke. I sighed with pleasure and said, "Welcome to the Virgin Islands." He smiled and rode me with long, hard strokes. I showed him my appreciation with a grunt at the bottom of each stroke. Our lips met without any slowing of the pace and my grunts and moans continued as we kissed. It wasn't long before we were both on the edge of orgasm. Carl slowed keeping me on the edge for a long time our kisses were hot our tongues battling for space in the others mouth. Carl groaned and I could feel him trying to hold back his orgasm. He lost that fight and slammed into me with a few short strokes. His cock swelled and pulsed repeatedly blasting my bowels with a huge load of cum. 

Each pulse of his cock hit right against my prostrate triggering a very strong orgasm. My first shot of cum landed on my nose, mouth and chin. I licked my lips as Carl was coming down for a taste and a kiss. The next shot got him in the chest and the final few spurts coated our bellies. He laid on top of me and the urgency of our kisses became tenderness. I bathed in the wonderful knowledge he was all mine and my submissiveness held power over him.

Carl smiled at me and said, "We might be in the Virgin Islands, but, you ain't no virgin after that fucking you just got."

I chuckled and agreed with him most heartily. Our cocks softened and we were a sticky mess. I basked in that glorious just fucked feeling. As our kisses subsided I spooned my body into Carl's embrace. Still wet and sticky, we fell asleep like that with me feeling safe in my big man's arms.

The six days on St. Croix flew by, we swam, made friends, played beach volleyball, ate fabulous food, made passionate love and washed away all the stresses of our life back home. All too soon it was over and we were back on the plane heading to Boston. As we sat there while the plane was loading I closed my eyes and had a vision of Carl coming down the aisle that first day last September on our way to Vegas. I smiled and drifted off into a nap.

The flight back to Boston was uneventful. We arrived in the evening, got our car and were on our way home. We arrived exhausted but happy. We unpacked, took a shower, yawned and fell asleep almost immediately after hitting the mattress. The next day, Sunday we relaxed and tried to get our minds ready to go back to work.

In mid-afternoon we made love, enjoying each other in a familiar kind of way. Life after the honeymoon began. For the next three months life was good, we were comfortable, sometimes we argued and often we made love. We saw Kelley and Lilly around the neighborhood from time to time. Then one evening I got a call from Kelley, we exchanged greetings and talked for a few minutes before she said, "why don't you and Carl come to supper on Saturday, Lilly and I have something to talk to you about?"

I called out to Carl, "Its Kelley she is asking us to supper on Saturday."

"Sure, sounds great!" he shouted back.

"You probably heard that." I said to Kelley.

"Yes," she said. We talked for a few minutes before saying good-bye. I hadn't even got a clue from her about what they wanted to talk about. Saturday afternoon we shopped for a nice bottle of wine and headed to the girl's apartment for our supper date. Both women met us at the door. Kelley took the bottle of wine invited us to have a seat in the living room. Supper would be ready in a few minutes. Lilly joined Kelley in the kitchen and before long she was back with a tray of appetizers and Kelley followed with four wine glasses and the wine. We enjoyed the refreshments and a few minutes of conversation before the timer sounded signaling that the dinner was ready to serve.

The meal was great and a second bottle of wine was making us all a little giddy. The girls still hadn't even hinted about what they wanted to talk about. We helped stack the dirty dishes in the dishwasher and then retired to the living room. Carl and I sat on the sofa and the women cuddled up in the love seat. Silence, we sat and waited for someone to break it. I could swear that I saw Lilly's face flush but it was probably just the lighting. 

Finally Kelley broke the ice and blurted out "Lilly and I want to have a baby."

Carl smiled and said, "And just how are you planning to do that?"

"Well that's what we wanted to talk to you guys about," said Lilly.

I looked at Carl, he smiled at me then looked at the girls and exclaimed, "Well we can't wait to hear this!"

"We really like you guys and we want you to be the fathers of our children and we would love to be the mothers of your children," said Kelley.

"How do you know we want to be fathers?" I asked.

"We don't, but we still want you to be the biological fathers of our kids," said Kelley.

"We would love it if you guys would like to have children of your own, but, if you don't want to do that please help us to have one child each," Lilly pleaded.

"You mean like sperm donors?" asked Carl.

"Well sure if that's the way you want to do it, but, we were hoping to make it more fun than that," said Kelley.

"Please explain," said Carl.

"Well if you wanted to have sex with us we would be OK with that, but, if you aren't comfortable with that, then we can discuss ways to transfer your sperm to our vaginas," said Kelley.

"I have never had sex with a woman in my life and I'm not really comfortable with that idea. I think we need to think about this for a few days," said Carl.

"Sure, we weren't expecting an answer tonight. Why don't you think about it for a week and come to supper again next Saturday?"

As we were leaving Kelley whispered in my ear. "We were engaged once and I know you are able to have sex with women. Please talk to Carl and try to come up with a plan that gets us pregnant over the next few years. We want at least two children and would be willing to have two more for you guys."

"OK, I think I can persuade him," I said.

We said goodnight and headed home. 

Carl looked at me, I nodded and he said "do we think that's a good idea?"

We dropped the subject for the night, had another glass of wine and I proposed a toast to the future. 

Being men we procrastinated and it was Wednesday before either of us mentioned the idea of children. Carl began. "You know if we father children for Lilly and Kelley we are going to have to be fathers with all the responsibility that goes with it whether we want to be or not."

"I think I am OK with that," I said.

"Yeah, I guess I am too. I love kids and I'm pretty sure you do too. We will have to learn a whole new set of skills." He replied.

"OK, how are we going to do this? I think the Lilly and Kelley really want the sperm to cum directly from the source," I said.

"I don't think I could get an erection for sex with a woman or keep it long enough to get off," he said.

"Don't worry about that Carl, I have a plan."

"I've got to hear this," he said.

"Let's just agree to do it and when the time comes I will make sure you can deliver the goods."

On Saturday we again went to have dinner with Lilly and Kelley. As we had done in the past we brought a couple of bottles of Kelley's favorite wine. Kelley opened a bottle and brought three glasses to the living room passing one to Carl, one for me and she sipped from the third.

"Hey Lilly are you feeling OK?" asked Carl.

"Oh, I'm feeling fine." She replied.

Carl looked at her then at Kelley who explained "Lilly wanted to get pregnant first and we've been checking her temperature every day and Lilly is ovulating right now. She is only going to be fertile for another day or two. So have you decided if you are going to help us out?"

I looked at Carl and could see him getting nervous. Kelley could see it too. She said "Carl, Lilly wants you to be the father."

I spoke up "He'll do it!"

Carl was shaking in his boots, "I'm not ready. I thought I would have time to prepare. I need time to think this through."

"Remember what I told you Carl." I said. "I will help you and make sure you can deliver."

"But how," he said. I've never been with a woman and it scares the shit out of me!"

"Relax Carl have another glass of wine." I said.

"Then we can have dinner and get down to business," said Kelley.

Lilly sat quietly during this exchange blushing slightly. "This will be my first time with a man Carl. I am just as nervous as you."

"I don't think I can eat right now," said Carl.

"Ok the dinner will keep. Let's do it now," said Kelley.

Kelley took Lilly's hand and led her toward the bedroom. I practically had to drag Carl following them. I looked at Kelley and said, "They are both going to need some help. I will make love to Carl and you make love to Lilly and when Carl is ready to cum you will have Lilly ready for him to slip his cock into her vagina and deliver his sperm right to the egg."

"That sounds like a good plan. What do you think Lilly? Carl?" They both nodded.

Carl said, "It's better than I was expecting. I just may be able to pull this off."

"Remember what we talked about Carl. We want to be fathers and Lilly wants you to make her baby. That's an honor." Lilly smiled at Carl.

"OK guys let the lovin get started!" Kelley exclaimed.

We all got undressed, Carl and Lilly turned their backs to each other while Kelley and I looked directly at each other smiling as we disrobed.

Kelley asked Lilly to lay on the bed. She walked over to her dresser and turned to look at Carl and then chose an appropriately sized strap-on and a smaller one for warm up. She set them on the bedside table and laid down next to Lilly.

I spread my arms and Carl walked into my hug. We kissed and gradually I felt passion rising in Carl as his cock grew and slid up over my stomach. Soon our rigid cocks were rubbing together. We were frotting each other and gradually getting wet as precum drooled from our cocks.

Lilly and Kelley kissed passionately and moans soon could be heard from the bed. Kelley lips moved away from Lilly's and she was nipping away at her earlobes, her nipples. Her tongue circled each nipple in ever widening circles and when she had Lilly squirming she moved down and stuck her tongue in her navel. Lilly moaned and pushed down on Kelley's head. Kelley's tongue found Lilly's smooth wet pussy and went to work on her clit. Lilly thanked her with a groan and a flood of pussy juice.

The sounds coming from the bed and the distinct aroma of sex filling the room drove me to stimulate Carl even more. I slid my face down through the forest of hair on Carl's chest nipping his nipples, licking and sucking on them. Carl seeing Lilly push Kelley's head down did the same to me. My lips encircled his cock head and the taste of his precum pushed me to the limit. I slid his cock into my throat and engulfed over half of it before coming up for air. Carl started thrusting into my mouth. I moaned and felt his cock shudder. He was getting too close for comfort. I backed off and let him watch the Lilly and Kelley while I kept him on hold.

While I had brought Carl to a fever pitch Kelley had brought Lilly to a mind blowing orgasm. She then took a moment to put on her strap on and pulled Lilly down near the bottom of the bed and slowly pushed into her. Lilly groaned and looked Kelley in the eye and said fuck me baby. Kelley started stroking and Lilly was holding her breast to breast lips to lips we could see her shuddering as Kelley's slick dildo plundered her pussy. Kelley pulled away and asked, "Are you ready for the big bazooka?" Lilly nodded. Kelley pulled all the way out and inserted a huge dildo in the harness. Lilly screamed as Kelley slid the big cock into her. She slowed giving Lilly time to adjust to the girth of it and then pushed in to the hilt and gave her time to adjust to the length, then started thrusting.

I looked up at Carl as I licked his cock and said. "It's time to make a baby." Once again I swallowed his big cock almost to the hilt and hummed. I felt Carl's cock filling to its full size getting harder and bigger. I encouraged Carl to start thrusting again. He pumped and I was slobbering all over his cock my saliva running off his balls. Then I felt him edging. I pulled my mouth clear of his cock and shouted to Kelley, "He's ready."

Kelley pulled out of Lilly's pussy and I led Carl holding his cock to the space Kelley had just vacated. I pointed his cock to Lilly's pussy and stroked it a few times. His cock head was just being kissed by Lilly's pussy lips as I stroked him. I felt his cock start its orgasmic swell and said "push." Carl leaned forward and slid to the hilt into Lilly. She groaned and exclaimed "Oh my god! It's so fucking big!"

"That's it Carl. You're making a baby. Fuck her." I encouraged him. A few strokes and he blasted a big load directly into her womb. 

Carl's raging hardon subsided and he eased it out of her. Cum seeped from her pussy. She laid there exhausted her legs splayed. She seemed to momentarily pass out and a steady flow of cum escaped her pussy. And then something completely unexpected happened. Kelley knelt between her legs and lapped cum from her labia. She flicked her tongue over Lilly's clit and Lilly clamped her legs around Kelley's head came flooding Kelley's mouth with a tasty cocktail of male cum and female pussy juice.

"I'm pregnant!" Lilly beamed. "I can feel it, I'm pregnant!"

And she was.

Lilly then pushed Kelley back on the bed and started licking her pussy.

When Carl saw this he motioned for me to lay on the bed beside Kelley and swallowed my cock deep into his throat. 

Within two minutes Kelley and I both released our pent up arousal with mind blowing orgasms.

Mission accomplished, we got dressed and resumed conversation in the living room. Kelley asked Carl how he had overcome his aversion to having sex with a woman.

"I wasn't thinking about it as having sex with a woman. I was having sex with James and then when I pushed into Lilly I was thinking, I'm going to be a father. Strangely that thought was very stimulating and I was already on the edge. Maybe nothing was going to keep me from coming at that point. I love both of you, but I'm still gay and nothing will change that." He replied.

I asked Lilly what she had been thinking.

"Well when we started I was just thinking that I want a baby and Kelley really wanted me to do it this way. I would do anything for Kelley, but sex with a man ewww! But, the way we did it wasn't like I had pictured it and when I felt Kelley using that really big dong on me I knew I was in for something big. She had me on the edge of my third orgasm when you shouted that Carl was ready. Kelley pulled out that big dildo and then I felt Carl's cockhead at my pussy lips and it felt big. When you stroked him a few times it stimulated my clit and I nearly came. Then I felt Carl's huge invader driving into me. He isn't that much bigger that the dildo was but OMG he was hard and not nearly as flexible as the dildo. I'm sure that a few more strokes I would have had an orgasm all over his cock."

She then looked at Kelley and thanked her for helping her with that. I also thanked Carl. It was very unselfish of them to make sure we both had orgasms as well. We almost forgot that we hadn't had dinner yet. After we ate Carl and I took our leave with hugs all around. Now the waiting began. A week later Lilly called Carl on his cell phone and very excitedly told him the result of her first pregnancy test and that she would do the test again in a week. 

She did, the result was the same and nine months later Carl and Lilly were parents of a bouncing baby boy that they named John James. We were in no hurry to have number two. Lilly was breast feeding and Carl and I were over there almost every evening. 

Carl and I had asked Kelley and Lilly over for dinner with us and to help relieve some of the stress of being primary care givers for a baby we had asked them to plan to stay over. We had a nursery set up in one of our spare rooms. The ladies came prepared with a portable baby bed and were delighted when we showed them the nursery. We told them there was plenty of room here and anytime they wanted a break they could stay with us and we would help with the baby. They spent many nights at our house after that and Carl and I got a taste of parenthood helping with night time feeding and changing. Even though Lilly had to feed the baby we spent a lot of time changing diapers and rocking the baby.
