 When James had fallen asleep in Carl's arms last night he couldn't believe what was happening to him in the last few months. He had graduated from university, got a job, got engaged, moved in with his girlfriend, had kinky sex involving a dido, went to Vegas for his company, experienced pure lust for a man he saw on the plane. The man was Carl and on the first morning of the equipment show Carl had approached the NTS booth. James' reaction to him on the plane was confirmed. He was lost for words when Carl spoke to him, but he recovered and impressed Carl with more than the NTS equipment. 

As James woke up from what he thought was a nap he realized that the sun was coming up. The NTS crew meeting to prepare for day two was scheduled for 7:30 AM. Carl was still asleep. James slipped out of bed put his clothes on and kissed Carl on the cheek before he left the room. He hurried back to his own room. Thank God no one from the NTS team was in the corridor. He took the do not disturb sign from the door and hurried into the room, took a quick shower, dressed and headed for the restaurant where the rest of the team was just finishing breakfast. His boss looked at him and said "you'd better hurry, we start in 20 minutes." 

When the waiter came James ordered a double order of toast and coffee. He ate quickly and was at the booth at 7:30 on the button. By 8:30 the floor was filled with people and everyone was busy. James managed to stay alert and on topic until noon. Then he saw Carl from a distance and his body reacted. His mind was back on last night. It had been James' first time with a man. It was a night that he would never forget. Carl had been watching James, he was not thinking of last night, he was looking forward.

When the crowd started to thin out for lunch Carl approached James and asked. "Are you free for lunch? I would like to go over some of the information you gave me yesterday."

"Yes, I think so." He spoke to his boss and got a nod. He turned to Carl and said "all set let's go."

Carl led the way and James enjoyed the view. His ass was amazing. The big muscles in his legs and back were prominently on display through the tight fitting light clothing Carl had chosen for today. James hoped he would be able to think about work long enough to answer Carl's questions. 'Fuck, he is so hot' thought James. 'How will I keep my hands off him in the restaurant?'

James needn't have worried about that. Carl had booked the most private booth in the restaurant. When they were shown to the table Carl ushered James into the booth and then slid in alongside him. Carl ordered scotch on the rocks and asked James what he would like. James thought about having to go back to work and ordered a glass of white wine. When the waitress had left Carl leaned in and gave James a not so innocent kiss on the lips and said "thanks for the kiss before you left this morning."

James smiled "so much for not wanting to wake you."

"I had been awake for a while, just basking in the thoughts of what's in store for us today." Said Carl.

"Why didn't you say anything?" said James.

"Because I knew you were going to be late and I was enjoying the view." Said Carl, then he added. "I was just about to wake you when you stirred and then jumped out of bed giving me a great view of your sweet ass." 

James smiled and said "glad you enjoyed it."

"I can't wait to see it again. What time do you think you can get away tonight?" Carl asked.

"Taking me for granted already" James quipped. Then smiled and said "about 8:00 PM after our group dinner and wrap-up." 

Their drinks arrived and the conversation turned briefly to business. All the while Carl's hand was working on James' thigh, before sliding it up to his cock. Any thoughts of business were forgotten. James had been hard since the moment he had noticed Carl out on the floor. Carl's hand on him sent a jolt through him, his cock was now so hard it was painful and was drooling precum. 'Shit' he thought, 'I'm going to have to change my pants again today.' Carl was relentless and kept palming James' cock, balls and ass. If anyone was paying attention to them they could have read the situation by James' face. He was flushed, his excitement was clear from the facial expressions and the obvious heavy breathing.

"Fuck Carl you are going to make me cum!" James whispered.

"I know" said Carl

"Ooooh fuck, how am I going to get out of here?" said James. "My pants will be soaked, I will be so embarrassed" he added.

"We'll manage." said Carl

"Ooooh fuck Carl, I'm cumming ooooooh yeah it feels so fucking good!" 

James looked down at the front of his pants and moaned. "Fuck, what a mess" James giggled. "How are we going to manage this?"

"Oh, I'm so clumsy! I am so sorry!" Carl almost shouted as he grabbed a napkin to sponge up the spilled water that had conveniently soaked the front of James' pants.

Carl left enough cash to cover their lunch including a very generous tip on the table and they left the restaurant. Other patrons seeing James flushed face would think it was because of the accident with the water. Wouldn't they? But, it wasn't!

James made a quick stop at his room to change. Carl went to his room and took a nap. He needed to be rested for tonight.

For James the afternoon and evening seemed to drag on forever. Things were going well, he was pretty sure he had locked down one customer. The rest of the team were busy and prospects were being converted to customers. The dinner at the end of the day turned into a celebration and most of the NTS team drank a little too much. No one noticed when James didn't return from a bathroom break just before 8:00 PM.

James headed back to his room for a quick shower. Carl was just returning from the casino and they got on the elevator together. The car started to ascend, somewhere between floor 2 and 3 Carl pushed the stop button and pulled James into a tongue battling kiss. James went weak in the knees as Carl's massive hard on pressed against him. When the long kiss ended Carl started the elevator again and told James to hurry as he exited on floor number 5.

James took a shower and got dressed in record time. He hung the do not disturb sign and headed for room 1065. He knocked three quick taps and Carl opened the door before he finished knocking. He still had the towel from his shower around his waist. James grabbed it and tossed it on a chair followed quickly by his clothes, they wouldn't be needing those for a while.

They laid down on the bed and Carl swept James into a kiss that ended with Carl on top of James with their cocks pressed together. After kissing and pressing their cocks into each other for several minutes, Carl said "let's make this last, we have lots of time." 

James agreed and said "your wish is my command, I trust you completely." Then he thought 'I hope that wasn't a mistake.'

Carl slid down on the bed and nibbled on James' nipples. He knew this sent electric shivers through James. Slowly trailing his tongue over James chest and abdomen he licked his way down to his navel and worked the tip of his tongue into it. James was pulsing as if Carl's tongue was an electric wand. Carl followed the treasure trail and let the tip of his tongue flip over the piss slit, then down James' cock to his balls and back to the tip. 

"Oooh fuck that feels sooo good!" James said between moans. Kelley gave good blowjobs but he had never been this excited about getting one before.

Carl could feel the tension building in his young partner and moved away from the sensitive tip of his cock and concentrated on his balls for a while. When James excitement level subsided Carl slipped his lips over James' cock and slid it all the way into his throat. It was like he had no gag reflex at all. James almost busted a nut but Carl knew that he had to slow down and pulled back so that his cock was just being held in his mouth. Carl moved so that his cock was aimed at James' mouth. James didn't need any more of an invitation and swallowed the tip of Carl's cock and pulled it into his mouth until it rested near his gag reflex.

Carl started fucking James' mouth and as soon as James was more in control as he concentrated on pleasuring him. He began sucking and moving on James' cock again. They got a good rhythm going and were sucking and grunting happily. When Carl sensed that James was close again he stopped and squeezed the base of his cock hard. James cooled quickly but kept sucking on Carl's cock.

"Ooooh fuck James that feels soo good, take it deep, suck it oooh fuck, that's it deeper, fuck baby that's it, fuck you've got it all, that's it, fuck your throat with my fucking big cock!"

James was so happy, he didn't have much experience but he was pleasing Carl and if Carl was happy James was happy. Carl was getting too close so he withdrew from James' mouth and cuddled up in the spooning position letting his hands roam over James' body as his cock rested in the crack of his ass. James moaned with pleasure and wiggled his ass against Carls cock.

"You little cock teaser" said Carl. "You will pay for that. On your hands and knees."

"Yes master" assuming the position James obeyed.

Carl lubed James' ass and squeezed three fingers into his hole getting him opened and relaxed. He quickly donned a condom and lubed his cock. He mounted James and slowly slid into him in one long slow stroke. There was a little pain but James wasn't complaining because it turned to pleasure very quickly. The mere size of Carl's cock was making it hit all the right places for James. He quickly adjusted to the rhythm of the assault and was loving it.

Carl picked up the pace grunting "unh, unh, unh, Fuck babe your ass is so hot! Unh, unh oooh fuck soooo good!"

Carl could feel James squeezing his ass muscles around his cock. It was pushing him to the edge. He slapped James hard on the ass. James jumped and almost dislodged him but Carl was ready for it and slammed hard into James' ass. 

"No fair squeezing like that, we are trying to make this last" said Carl.

"Yes Master, Sorry Master" said James.

James ass was really tight and Carl expressed his appreciation "Unh, unh, unh" on each stroke. "Fuck that's good, god I love your sweet ass, I love fucking it with my big cock, unh, unh, unh."

James was over the moon "fuck you are so amazing, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, oooh god I can't get enough, fuck me hard."

Carl fucked him hard, but the pace was getting to him and he felt like he was very close. He backed off and said "I'm getting close and I want to see your face when we cum. Get on your back."

James rolled over on his back and spread he legs. Carl looked at James' ass still gaping wide open and just starting to close. Carl grabbed the lube and squeezed a stream into James' ass and slid right in looking at James' beautiful face. James was looking straight into Carl's eyes, he could see the lust or was it love in his eyes and the determination to make this good for James on his face.

Carl took up a slower pace and he was hitting James' sweet spot on every slow tantalizing stroke. James felt himself building toward a momentous orgasm. "Ooooh fuuuuck I'm going to cum" he said. "Fuck me hard! Cum with me!"

Carl was close too and started fucking him hard and fast. He felt the clench of James' ass muscles as he shot a huge load onto his chest. His ass was like a fucking vise and Carl was over the edge as James shot his third string of jism onto his stomach. Carl was cumming hard, James' ass was milking his cock as his own final spurts dripped onto his stomach. Carl kept cumming for a few more spurts and James could feel his cock pulsing in his ass.

They lay there exhausted. James was still very full of Carl's slowly softening cock.

"Holy fuck James, soooo fucking good, perfect, fucking perfect, you're fucking perfect."

James was still out of breath. As he started to come down, he covered Carl's chest with kisses sucking gently on his nipples. Carl slid down, his cock slipped from James ass. James savored the afterglow as his sphincter slowly closed his gaping asshole to somewhat normal. Carl put his lips to James' mouth and soon was inside him again, this time it was his tongue. The kiss was long and sweet, lips to lips, tongue to tongue, James had never felt this good in his life. James cuddled into Carl's big arms and they rested peacefully for little while.

Even though the room was air conditioned they had worked up a sweat. Carl suggested "come on let's go, it's time for a shower."

"Hmmmm that sounds promising." Said James.

Carl gave him a hard slap on the ass and headed for the bathroom. His upscale room had both a large multi-jet whirlpool tub and a walk in shower with two showerheads, one fixed and one that could be used as a hand held. He turned on both taps, adjusted the water temperature from each head and stepped in.

James followed him. They soaped up and rinsed the sweat off their bodies. James could hardly wait to get his hands on Carl. He asked "would you like me to wash your back?"

Carl replies "yes, I would love that."

James used lots of soap and worked up a lather on Carl's back and gave it a good scrubbing.

"That feels almost as good as sex." Carl remarked. "Almost"

James standing behind Carl, let his hands roam around to his chest and flicked his fingers over Carl's nipples sending small shivers through him. He worked some soap into the pelt of hair on Carl's chest and soon had a good lather going there too. James' front was now pressed up against Carl's back and he could sense that his cock was starting to plump up. Soon the tip of it slid up Carl's ass crack and James couldn't help but to slide it up and down the crack.

"You know that I am a total top, but that feels pretty good." Carl said. "Just don't get any ideas."

James continued to lather down from Carl's chest to his treasure trail and pubes. Then with slippery soapy hands started stroking Carl's hardening cock. It was a handful, his fingers would barely touch his thumb. James loved the feel of the soft cock-skin and the veins that lined his cock. He could even feel the cock pulse on every heartbeat as it filled up and became a raging hard on.

Carl was enjoying the whole treatment. "Ooooh fuck James that feels good! Your touch is so gentle, your cock sliding in my crack and your chest rubbing against my back, it's totally erotic. Now, let me rinse off and you can suck my cock."

"Yes Sir" said James.

Carl Backed under the fixed head and James took the handheld and sprayed down his front. He adjusted it from shower to the jet setting and aimed the stream at Carl's cock and balls. Carl hadn't been expecting the feeling to be so intense. His cock hardened even more if that was even possible. "Fuck, that was a surprise" said Carl. "Run it up and down the shaft." 

James did as he was told like a good sub.

Carl moaned and said "fuck that feels good! It's only water but it feels like electricity jolting through me. Now how about that blow job?" 

James shut off the handheld shower and Carl backed up against the wall with water from the other shower cascading down past his shoulders, through all that hair, over his pecs, across his six pack, down his treasure trail, down over James' hair and face to his lips where they were wrapped around Carl's big cock. Carl groaned with pleasure as James applied the perfect suction and tongue force on his cock.

James was over the moon. He had his dream man's big cock in his mouth. He could feel it pulse with Carl's energy and he slid it over his tongue, over the roof of his mouth and into his throat. At the bottom of each stroke James tongue was sticking out of his mouth and he could feel Carl's ball-sack hit the tip of his tongue just before the balls hit his chin. 

After a few minutes of this Carl tensed and said "fuck James I'm going to blow! Oooh god you are soo good, suck it hard, fuck here it comes."

James took him deep and let the first two spurts go straight into his esophagus and down. He then pulled back and took the rest in his mouth. There was still enough to fill his mouth and a little to drip from the corners down his chin. When the ejaculating ended he looked up at Carl opened his mouth so he could see then swallowed.

"Fuck you taste good." Said James.

Carl pulled him up and kissed him, tasting his own cum on James' lips and tongue. "Wow you are a super sucker. I love what you do with your tongue."

James was happy and although he hadn't cum it was such pleasure and a powerful feeling to know he could make his man feel so good. Power and sex are definitely related. The sub bottom can have the power over the dominant top if he has the right technique when it comes to a blow job.

It was getting late and James had to be on the floor again at 7:30 tomorrow morning. James curled up in Carl's arms feeling his flaccid cock resting against his ass and drifted into sweet dreamland. Carl remembered his comment from last night. He was now even surer that the cowboy had found a new pony and perhaps he would go for a morning ride.

James slept well until about 4:30 am when he felt Carl's erection nudging his ass. He groaned and mumbled something unintelligible. Carl was also starting to wake up when he realized he was rock hard and pressing it against James. James was not fully aware but his body was responding to the presence of Carl's hard cock so close to his ass. Still waking he pressed back and wiggled his ass a bit so that Carl's cock was now nudging directly at his ass crack.

Carl was awake now. 'It's time to ride' he thought. His nudging became stroking and his slippery cockhead going deeper between the cheeks of James' ass settling against his asshole. James pushed back and the head of Carl's cock started to enter him.

"mmmm" James moaned. "Fuck me."

Carl said "wait, the condom."

"Are you clean?" asked James.

"Yeah, tested a month ago. You're the first since then" said Carl.

"OK, stop talking and FUCK ME!" exclaimed James.

That was all Carl needed to hear. He plunged his cock into James to the hilt. James felt some pain on the quick plunge but it was very temporary and they soon achieved a smooth rhythmic in out motion. James could feel the smooth soft natural skin of Carl's big cock sliding inside his asshole. 'Who knew it could be so much better without a condom' James thought. Laying on his side with his lover's cock sliding inside him was a wonderful way to wake up.

Carl was enjoying the leisurely fuck as well but he had gone to sleep thinking about a morning ride and you can't ride laying on your side. Carl eased his cock out of James and ordered him to get on his knees. James smiled.

"Yes sir!" he replied. And quickly got on his knees. 

Carl quickly squatted behind him pressed his shoulders down and buried his cock to the hilt. 'Now this is riding' he thought.

James thoroughly enjoyed being used. He could feel the big cock pulsing and surging, his sphincter was gripping it and James was clenching his ass muscles adding to the tightness. He could feel the cock sliding inside its own skin then the skin sliding through his sphincter. 'Fuck' he was thinking 'I hadn't noticed that it's a two stage stroke before.' "Ooooh Carl, that's just so fucking good." He said. "Unh, Unh, Unh" James grunted every time Carl's balls hit his taint.

"That's it James. Take my big cock, push your ass back and take it all." Ordered Carl. "Fuck, your ass feels good, the walls of your hole are clinging to my cockhead. It is so slippery in there. So tight. I love riding my new pony."

James neighed like a horse and said "Ride me well cowboy! Ride me hard, harder, faster!" 

"Fuck" says Carl "as he slowed, if I do that I am not going to last long. I'll catch my second wind then fuck you hard."
