 Hi, I'm James. I want to tell you about what happened on the Wednesday of my week in Vegas with Carl. At the end of part 2 of the story, I had just discovered that Carl was vacationing in Vegas for the rest of the week and that my boss had figured out what Carl and I had been up to. Surprisingly, my boss wanted me to make sure Carl had a good time and would become a customer. Well, I was interested in the good time too and the possible promotion was a nice bonus. 

It was the last day of the show and it would end at noon. Many of the potential customers were either already gone or were leaving early. By 10:00 AM the traffic at the NTS booth was down to a trickle. Our training sessions were scheduled to start at 2:00 PM. It was decided that the team deserved a longer lunch break and we were given the choice of going now and coming back at noon to close the booth and pack up or be part of the skeleton crew that stayed at the booth until noon, then be at the training session for 2:00 PM. I hadn't seen Carl all morning, but was hoping he would show up, I volunteered to stay until noon. Sure enough he came to our booth around 11:30. My boss talked with him for a little while and Carl seemed excited about the possibility of working with NTS. The boss suggested that he could hold the fort at the booth and that I should take Carl to lunch. Then he said to me "you don't need to attend training this afternoon, it's all about marketing strategy, so enjoy the afternoon. Our presentations start tomorrow morning."

After the spilled water episode yesterday, Carl and I decided it would be best to go to a different restaurant and ended up at a nice steakhouse in a nearby hotel. It had been recommended by one of Carl's colleagues from Boston. It was noon hour and the restaurant was full, my name was taken for a table for two. We went into the bar found a table that we thought would give us some privacy. A waiter came and took our order. Carl ordered scotch on the rocks and I chose rum and coke. As we settled in, I felt something sliding up my leg and along my inner thigh. I jumped at the unexpected touch before I realized that Carl had slipped of his shoe and was rubbing me with his foot. My cock immediately surged into a raging hard on. 'Now what' I thought 'where can this possibly go?' 

Less than a minute later a large group of raucous men came in and slid several tables together and sat around them as one big table across the corner of the room in front of the corner table Carl and I had chosen. No one in that group was the slightest bit interested in us. All anyone would see if they looked our way would be that noisy bunch sitting in front of us. 'Now I can see some possibilities' I thought. The waiter brought our drinks and took orders from the large group. Conversation was difficult, but who needs to talk? I shifted to the chair adjacent to Carl and laid my right hand on his thigh. Above the din in the room I heard Carl moan as my hand slid over his crotch, he was hard as a rock and straining his britches. My fingers found his zipper and slid it down, his hands unbuckled his belt and unbuttoned the top of his pants. My hand came in contact with his cock and I audibly groaned as I realized he was commando. I slid my thumb over the tip of his cock and it came away wet with his precum. I brought my thumb to my mouth and sucked the tasty syrup from it.

"Fuck that's hot" said Carl.

I bolstered my courage with a sip from my rum and coke and went back for more. This time I grasped his cock about half way down. Precum was running down his cock onto my thumb and forefinger as they were wrapped around it. I slid my gripping hand up to the tip of his cock gathering that delicious nectar as it went. As my fingers closed over the tip of his cock, the V shape crack between my thumb and forefinger lay full of his precum. Careful not to lose a drop, I brought my hand to my mouth and licked his delicious juice onto my tongue, then I sucked my thumb and forefinger and licked the web section between my thumb and forefinger to make sure I got it all. "Fuck that tastes good!" I exclaimed.

"God James, you are going to make me blow my load just from watching you, never mind what your hand is doing on my cock." Said Carl.

When I had finished licking my fingers I leaned toward Carl and was rewarded with a hot tongue lashing kiss. I moaned into Carl's mouth and he sucked hard on my tongue then slid his lips over and off the tip of it. My body was on fire. My cock was straining at my zipper and I could feel my underwear getting wet. 'Fuck' I thought 'this is as good as it gets.' Not that I planned to give up real suck, grunt and grind sex, but this covert public action with the possibility of being caught was really a turn on. I reached back under the table and took his cock in my hand and started a slow deliberate stroke. His excitement built and he was groaning and cursing "Unh, Unh Fuck its good, faster, ooooh god, FUCK!"

I didn't speed up as he asked, I continued the slow stroke denying him release while enjoying an occasional feast of his precum and seeing his frustration. When Carl could hold out no longer and was about to blow, we heard my name called for our lunch table. I squeezed the base of his cock hard until the impending climax started to recede. Carl looked at me and said "you are a cruel bastard, you will pay for that."

I said "maybe later but this afternoon is a bonus and I have a treat planned for you." Then added "after dinner all bets are off and things could get wild."

I stopped at the bar and settled our tab with the bartender and a tip for the waiter then waited to be seated for lunch. We both chose the 12 oz. T-Bone with baked potato and vegetables. There was a selection of steak sauces, seasoned butter and sour cream for the vegetables on the table. The meal was delicious and I took my time and savored every bite. Carl was done before I was half finished and sat there strumming his fingers on the table. I was dying to get out of there but forced myself go slow. I don't know what was more delicious, the food or Carl's frustration. When I finished eating I smiled at Carl and asked if he would like dessert. "Just pay for the meal, we will have desert in my room!" he growled.

As we walked back to our hotel Carl asked "what do you have in mind as my treat this afternoon?"

"You'll just have to wait and see" I told him.

"You have become such a cock tease today" he said.

"It's all part of my treat, don't worry, you're are going to love it."

We got to the hotel just as my boss entered the lobby. He stopped and asked about lunch. I think he sensed that we were both hyped to get on with our afternoon. He suggested that we enjoy the amenities of Vegas and I was to expense the costs. We thanked him both of us knowing there would be no costs for the amenities we would enjoy that afternoon. We took the elevator and went to room 1065.

I asked Carl to get naked and lay on the bed and not to touch me with his hands. He obeyed 'fuck this is a switch' I thought 'I'm surprised he is being so submissive'. Carl was a picture to behold, my big very handsome masculine playground and he was all mine to play with and to please. Fully clothed I approached the bed, leaned over placed my lips on his and licked his lips with my tongue. When he tried to push his tongue into my mouth I backed off "uh, uh" I said "I'm leading this afternoon." I went back to kissing his lips. It was a relaxed sweet gentle kiss but with one glance at his cock I could see that I was having the desired effect on him. As the kiss continued I ran my fingers through the pelt of fur on his chest and enjoyed the reaction of his body when I dragged my fingernails over his skin and lightly pinched his nipples. I could tell that he wanted more, I pinched each nipple harder and a loud groan escaped him.

"Fuck, you're driving me crazy" complained Carl.

"It's my turn this afternoon" I said. "Your turn this evening." I knew I would pay, but hell this was worth it. My lips moved from his mouth down to his chin and traced his jawbone up to his right ear. Catching the lobe between my teeth I gave it a pull and then licked down and around his jaw to the other ear this time sucking hard on the lobe before letting it slowly slip from my lips. The tip of my tongue traced its way down over his neck and along his collarbone to the other side. My hands hadn't been idle they were rubbing his muscular pecs and biceps. 

Now it seemed appropriate to move my attentions south. My tongue and lips went to work on his throat, chest and nipples while my hands explored his abs and treasure trail being careful not to touch his cock. My underwear that had been damp at lunch was now soaked but this was Carl's treat not mine. My mouth made its way to his abs and bellybutton with my hands down on his thighs and hips. When he felt my tongue penetrate his bellybutton his body shook. My lips traced down through the slightly sweaty hair of his treasure trail to a pool of sweet precum that was dripping from his cock. With my left hand I lifted his cock away from his body and couldn't resist slipping the head in my mouth and cleaning all the tasty elixir from it then licked up the pooled treasure from his abs. "Yummy, yum yum" said I. Carl was gripping the sheets in both hands with his body shaking for control. 

"Please James, I fucking need to cum!" Carl groaned.

"Not yet I have more planned for you" I said. 

My cock was still dripping and it was showing up as a growing wet spot on my pants. This was so much fun. I slid down between his legs, kissed his toes, massaged his calves and thighs, teased him with my fingers up the inside of both thighs. I moved up so that my nose was in his pubes beside his cock and sniffed my way down his cock over his balls and back up the other side. "Fuck you smell good" I moaned just before my tongue ran over the tip of his cock. "Mmmmm so sweet, so delicious!" 

Carl tried to push his cock into my mouth and God knows I wanted that too but it wasn't in the game plan just yet. Carl groaned and said "shit man I need to cum sooo bad. Please let me cum!" My mouth journeyed down his cock, my lips and teeth lightly scraping his skin until I was able to suck on his balls. First on then the other into my mouth. I tried for both at once but they were just too big. "Oooooh, Fuuuck, please James." But, I wasn't finished with him yet. Moving past his balls I started rimming his asshole, flicking the tight rim with my tongue probing his hole and although he claims to be a total top his sphincter relaxed and the tip of my tongue slipped in. 

"Oh FUCK that feels gooood!" he shouted.

I kept at it for a few minutes until his ass was very wet and slippery then asked "want me to fuck you now?"

He replied "In your dreams!"

I laughed and said "you can't blame a guy for trying."

I licked my way back up to his cock and kissed it from the base to the tip and back several times then planted a very wet kiss on the tip of his cock. For a while I just opened my lips over the tip of it and pulled off in a kissing motion. I could tell that he wanted to drive it down my throat but he held back appreciating the intimacy of the act. Eventually I took the head into my mouth ran my tongue around it sucking up the tasty precum as I let it slip from my lips. His cock was pulsing up and down with every beat of his heart. I knew he was very close. Placing the head at my lips I opened my mouth and slowly slid down his cock. Before I had three inches in my mouth he exploded in a huge orgasm. 

Overwhelmed by the amount of cum I choked and for a while couldn't swallow. Cum filled my mouth and spilled down over his cock and balls. At the same time a huge load of cum was filling my underwear and soaking my pants. I couldn't believe that was possible. After a few seconds I recovered and swallowed what was in my mouth. I headed toward the bathroom. "Where the hell do you think you're going?" Carl roared. 

"I'm going to the bathroom to get a damp towel to clean you up" I said.

"The fuck you are, cockteaser! You've been torturing me for an hour now get your ass over here and clean up this mess with your tongue!

"Yes sir" I replied. Carl was back in control. 'Fuck' I thought 'I think I am in love with him.'

I licked up every drop of cum from his ass crack up to his balls and the mess in his pubes (that got a little hairy) and finally from his cock. As I finished his cock was starting to fill and stiffen. I opened my mouth and took it to the hilt and felt it come to full length and girth in my mouth. Fuck that was hot. I continued to deep throat him feeling his desire return and gradually turn into urgency for another orgasm. He held my head in place and fucked my mouth. He soon climaxed and this time I could easily swallow the load without the mess.

I was still in my clothes lying there in Carl's arms. He kissed me and exclaimed "that was the absolute hottest fucking thing anyone has ever done for me!" I smiled and cuddled into his body.

"Hey" said Carl "get those fucking clothes off and we will take a shower."

As I stripped Carl noticed that I was wet with cum. "fuck how did that happen?" he asked.

"That happened when I choked on your load. I just blew, what a fucking blast." I said. "If you know what I mean."

We both smiled and headed to the shower.

The shower was just a shower. We were both satiated and it felt nice just to wash each other, enjoying the physical contact without the sexual tension. When we were clean, Carl took me in his big strong arms and drew me up against his big hairy chest into a long sweet loving kiss. Carl stepped out of the shower and when I stepped out behind him he wrapped me in a huge warm bath towel and held me in his arms. I had never felt so safe. He dried me from head to toe before towelling himself off. I told myself 'this is what it is like to be cared for by a real man.'

We decided to go out for a walk in the fresh air, however, the first stop had to be my room to get fresh underwear and clean pants. I decided on a pair of above the knees shorts for a stroll on this late summer day. When we got outside I was glad I had chosen the shorts. This was Vegas the jewel of the desert and by New England standards it was a hot dry day. As we strolled down the sidewalk Carl reached over and took my hand. A week ago I would have been conflicted about walking hand in hand with a man, but here I was barely three days after meeting Carl feeling very comfortable with it.

After we had walked a few blocks in the heat Carl suggested we go into one of the casinos to cool off and have a drink. A cold drink sounded good to me. We had a couple of beers, then walked back to our hotel. We stopped at the poolside patio and sat in the shade watching the people in the pool, commenting on who was hot and who was not. Just enjoying being together.

At 5:30 we had a light meal and were back in room 1065 by 6:15. Carl informed me that it was a long evening and now he was in charge. I started imagining how he was going to get even for all my earlier cock teasing. 'He will probably make me wait until midnight before he lets me cum.' I thought. I was imagining the torture and how painful my erection would be. 'God what a problem,' I dreamed. I was hard already. 

Carl looked at me and said "you better get out of those pants, you look uncomfortable."

I took off my pants and had a huge tent in my briefs. As I slid my briefs down my cock was pulled down by the elastic and once freed slapped hard against my abdomen. I stepped out of my shoes pants and underwear leaving them in a pile on the floor. I bent over to remove my socks. "Hold that position" shouted Carl. I didn't move a muscle. Carl approached from behind, my asshole was totally exposed. He pulled his cock out of his fly, it was drooling precum. He slid it over my asshole and rimmed me with the slippery cockhead. Fuck, I wanted him to push. When he had my ass wet he knelt and licked the precum from my ass rimming my hole with his tongue.

"Oooohh that's sooo fucking good" I moaned.

Now he was rolling my balls in one hand with the other on my hip for balance and was licking from my balls to the top of my crack and back again paying extra attention to the asshole. My cock was pressed against my belly and was so hard it was starting to hurt deliciously. He kept me in this position for about ten minutes and after the initial swipe with his wet cock used nothing on me except his tongue and he was fully clothed. My asshole was relaxed loose and wet from all this action. His tongue was like a small cock penetrating some but not far enough. Sweet torture.

Finally Carl stood and said "you can finish undressing now."

I slipped my socks off and added my shirt to the pile. "On the bed" said Carl. He opened the drawer on the bedside table.

I thought he was getting the lube and my already hard cock throbbed. Much to my surprise he had a pair of leather wrist straps. My erection was flagging but I had to obey when he asked for my arms and bound one to each corner at the top of the bed. The leg straps followed and I was bound spread eagle to the mattress. I have never felt so vulnerable but also safe because this was Carl and I trusted him.

Carl did a slow strip tease at the foot of the bed so that I could watch his every move. Fuck he was hot. A big handsome strong muscled bear of a man. I shuddered. I couldn't wait to see what he had in store for me.

He moved to the bed and knelt bending his face toward my cock. 'Yes' I thought. His tongue ran down the length of my cock from the tip to the balls. My cock jumped and throbbed at his touch. He took my balls in his mouth one at a time. 'Oh fuck I'm going to cum soon' I thought. As if he were reading my mind, Carl moved away from my dick and moved between my legs. He let his fingers glide down my inner thighs, his nails lightly tantalizing the sensitive skin. Spreading his hands his palms slid back up my inner thighs thumbs down teasing my crack as his palms moved up past my balls. 'Shit this was good but it wasn't going to be a quick release.' Cupping his hands and moving his fingers in a crawling motion his nails were pulling his palms very slowly across my groins. His thumbs barely skimmed my cock. Electric shocks coursed through my body. "Fuck Carl, touch me, god touch me, pleeeeese!"

Carl smiled "I am pleasing me!" "Payback is a bitch." He said.

He lowered his head and licked over my treasure trail up to my bellybutton. 'Fuck, he is going the wrong way' I thought. His tongue dipped into my navel sending shivers through me. He took his time working his way up across my stomach and finally found my right nipple lingering there alternating between sucking, tonguing and nipping it. "FUCK that is good" I shouted "Now do my COCK!" He moved on to my left nipple. "Ooooh fuck Carl I NEED TO CUM!!, FUCK" I shouted.

Carl let his tongue trace its way up my breast bone over my throat and chin his lips covered mine and our tongues mingled. Carl was kissing me leisurely while I was trying urgently to make it passionate. 'Fuck, he is strong willed' I thought. My need was growing my cock was painful, I had a pool of precum on my belly and it was starting to run off. Carl nibbled on my ear lobes and whispered "I am going to fuck you soooo hard."

"Pleeeeese, YEEESSSSS, FUCK ME!!" I shouted.

"Soon, patience my love" he disappointed me.

He moved down and released my feet from their bindings. My automatic response was to lift and spread my legs. With access to my ass Carl leaned in and rimmed me. My sphincter spasmed, his tongue relaxed it and I gained control over it, letting his tongue enter then squeezing it. Carl kept going, his tongue was relentless. My ass was soaked and slippery with his saliva. "For GODS SAKE FUCK ME!!" I shouted. 
