 Hello, this is James again. Its 5:10 AM Thursday morning. I just got out of bed, brushed my teeth and washed my face in cold water. OK I'm awake and I have to call Kelley. I'm not looking forward to this but it will be worse if I don't.

I made the call and Kelley answered on the third ring. "Hello James, so nice that you found time to call me" she said sarcastically. "You do know that cell phones are personal communication devices that people can use anywhere anytime. Where the fuck have you been?"

"Hello to you too" I said. "I'm glad you are in a good mood."

"Well what do you expect, I have been trying to call you and you never answer and don't return my call until I'm getting ready to leave for school" she said.

"I'm sorry Kelley, my phone was off and I forgot to turn it back on."

"That's the same story you told me the last time. I'm not buying it. You have been with someone and I'm thinking it may not be another woman" she said. "I remember you told me that you had a fantasy about getting fucked by a man. You sure liked my dildo." 

"Yes, I did, uh I do" ...

"Well, at least you aren't denying it" she said. "I have to go or I'll be late. When you get back we will be having a little talk. You should know, I have fantasies too. Goodbye."

'What the fuck' I thought. 'Oh well, I have to get ready for work.' 

I had a presentation to do for our sales team at 9:00 AM followed by hands on workshops all afternoon. I needed to run through my notes and do a practice run of the PowerPoint presentation. I wasn't worried about questions. I was prepared to explain and demonstrate all details to the depth required for the sales team.

The training on Thursday went very well. By 4:00 PM my mind was wandering to the night to follow. I was meeting Carl at 8:00. I was a still thinking about the discussion with Kelley as we wrapped up for the day. We all met in the hotel bar for cocktail hour followed by dinner. Time crawled, I was anxious to get away. At 7:30 I slipped away to my room to freshen up for my evening with Carl, checking my cell for messages on the way. No messages. I knocked at the door of room 1065 right on time. Carl opened the door and pulled me into a deep kiss.

Hi it's me Carl. I want to tell you about my day on Thursday and the evening that followed. I slept late and woke with a raging hard on thinking about James' sweet, hot, tight ass. I could almost feel his ass muscles clutching my cock the way it does when he shoots his load. I was almost afraid to touch my cock lest I cum and I wanted to save that for the night to come.

After breakfast I went to the pool and had a swim. There were some nice looking guys there, any other time I would have been making a play for them. However, I was smitten with James and would bide my time through this long day. I played blackjack in several casinos along the strip. 'Fuck, there a lot of hot guys here' I thought. 'If it weren't for James, I would be all over them.'

The day wore on and after dinner I freshened up and took a nap. I was awakened by a knock on my door. I opened the door and grabbed James in a bear hug and kissed him long and hard. When our lips parted I said "fuck this has been a long day. Every time I saw a hot guy I imagined it was you and planned ways to fuck you until you beg for mercy and then do it some more until you're breathless and can't beg."

James was a little less enthusiastic "I want that, I really do."

I said "it sounds like there is a "but" there somewhere."

"Yeah there is, Kelley called me yesterday and I returned her call this morning. She suspects something is going on out here" said James. "Luckily, it was a short conversation, but she and I will have some decisions to make when I get back."

"Anything I can do to help?" I asked.

"Yeah fuck me silly. Make me forget." Said James.

I took him in my arms comforting him with tender kisses, undressed him and laid him on the bed. I dropped my bathrobe and joined him naked. It was literally the first time since I had met James the he didn't have a raging hard on (except after he had just dumped a load of course).

I held him in the spoon position our naked bodies touching from head to toe. I kissed his neck and nipped at his earlobe, let my hands roam to his chest, his stomach and his groins. He was slowly starting to respond. He turned his head so I could kiss him on the lips. He pushed his hips back against my hardening cock and small moan escaped his lips. I tweaked his nipples a few times and his moan grew louder. My hands slid down to his groins again, he cock was semi-hard and twitched when I grazed it with my hand.

I rolled him onto his back and kissed him again. There was more passion there this time and our tongues played a little dance that became more urgent the longer it lasted. I broke off the long kiss and lowered my lips to his throat and neck kissing and nipping, from there I worked my way lower paying special attention to his nipples and his navel. I bypassed his cock which now was full and hard. I moved between his legs and kissed his inner thighs zeroing in on his balls and asshole. I hadn't shaved since morning and the stubble was scratching his tender skin. He was loving it. When I took his balls one at a time in his mouth, I noticed a drop of precum drop from the tip of his cock. He was coming around starting to forget his troubles.

I moved down a couple of inches and started to tongue his asshole. He was moaning nonstop now. I probed the outer ring of his ass adding saliva as I went getting it really wet and my tongue was sliding easily in about an inch. He was relaxing. I slid my body back up over his until we were face to face. 

"God I love the way your hairy body feels when it rubs against my smooth skin" he said.

I lowered my lips to his and this time it was passionate from the start. My James was back and it was my job to win him for good. When the kiss ended I reached to the bedside table and picked up the lube. I kisses my way back down his body until I reached his cock. There was a pool of precum laying below the wet cockhead. I licked it up and sucked it off his cockhead. That tasted like more so I sucked on his cock for a few minutes enjoying the feel of it in my mouth, the tasty treat that oozed from it and the reaction I was getting from him.

James was like a broken record repeating "oooh fuck yeah, oooh fuck yeah" over and over. Then he said "don't make me cum, I want to cum with you when you fuck me."

I squeezed a healthy gob of lube onto my fingers and found his asshole. While still licking and kissing his cock, I worked the lube into his ass until three fingers slid in easily past the knuckle and went for four up to the knuckles. James was ready, I was ready, I slid up his body again and as our lips met my cock made contact with his ass. My aim was perfect, James moaned and shifted his body so my cock wouldn't slip past the target and I pressed gently. Slowly I could feel his ass opening over my cockhead as it squeezed into the tight hole. When the cockhead was past the sphincter James tightened his muscle and squeezed me. "That James, that right there is why I'm gay. No woman has muscle like that in her cunt. I love your sweet ass."

"Fuck me Carl because I love your cock as much as you love my ass and we both know that no woman can fuck ass" he said.

"Well, they could use a strap on" I said.

"That's not fucking ass it's just not the same. No sliding skin. No growing thicker in your ass before shooting a big load of cum. Fuck nothing compares to that" he said.

"Enough talk, now I am going to fuck you!"

He kept his ass muscle clenched. I could feel his ass stretching as inch after inch of my cock slid in until I had him fully impaled. Fuck that felt great. James relaxed and I started a long slow deliberate rhythmic stroke enjoying how his ass clung to my cock. The sensitive head of it was sliding over the smooth inner walls of his rectum and the smooth bump that was his prostate. Each bump on his prostate brought a moan from James and an unh every time I bottomed out. Being face to face for this incredible fuck I felt my stomach getting wet as precum from his cock splashed up unto me.

It was time to change things up a bit. I pulled completely out and as I started to move back in James clamped down on me. Fuck it was hard to believe that his ass could feel so tight after feeling so relaxed before. I squeezed in to the hilt and slowly slid all the way out again. As my cockhead departed his ass I slowed and allowed it to close over the head. It was almost like it was being kissed it with lips. Fuck it felt good. As I slid in again he clamped down and we repeated the move for several minutes. We were in no hurry for this to be over.

I went back to long strokes for a few strokes and feeling my cockhead sliding over his prostate, I gauged the length of stroke I would need to massage it really well. When my cockhead passed the prostate I reversed and it worked out that about a 3" stroke kept my cockhead in continuous contact with it. It took some concentration to keep the stroke length and not slam to the hilt, but after a couple of minutes of this prostate intensive stroking James was on the edge of a giant orgasm. His breathing was erratic and he was moaning and saying "oh fuck, oh fuck" repeatedly.

I slid into the long stroke rhythm for a while allowing him to come back from the edge. After a little while of this he shouted "fuck Carl, Fuck me hard."

I slammed hard to the hilt and picked up the pace and James responded "fuck unh, fuck unh, fuck unh, fuck unh fuck unh, fuck unh, fuck unh, fuck unh." It didn't take very long and he shouted "OOOOH FUCK, CARL, CUM WITH ME, FUCK, CUM WITH ME!"

A few more strokes and he erupted sending cum all over both of our stomachs and chests. "Oh fuck so fucking good. Don't stop cum with me." He said.

A couple more strokes and I exploded with a huge load my first in almost 24 hours into his ass. My strokes slowed and the shooting gradually subsided. My cock was swimming in a pool of cum and I gave him a two or three after strokes before I got too soft. It was so slippery, I almost recovered for round two but James seemed to be exhausted, so we rested. As my cock slipped out it was followed by a flow of semen that made a big wet spot on the sheets. We hit the shower and washed each other clean. James loves to soap up all the hair on my body. I stepped out of the spray and let his hands rub soap into my chest and abdomen making a lather almost from head to toe. He used the tips of his fingers to deep clean to the roots of the hair. It felt great and my erection was rapidly coming back. He bypassed my cock on his way to my legs. He spent little time below the knees but his fingers teased my inner thighs and my ass crack. When he found my pucker hole his soapy fingers circled and massaged the outer ring, then probed at my opening. It felt good, but I don't think I will be bottoming anytime soon.

He turned his attention to my balls. After soaping them up and gently rolling them in his hands, he rinsed them off then licked and sucked on them. My erection was full and hard when he finally got to my cock. With soapy hands he stroked the full length of my cock cleaning then rinsing away any evidence of our previous activity.

He took my cock in his mouth and gently sucked it going deep into his throat setting up a good pace with me holding his head between my hands. "Fuck James this feels so fucking good" I said between moans. "Stop before you make me cum, let me clean you now."

James reluctantly backed off of my cock and I kissed him deep and hard. 'Fuck, he's hot' I was thinking. I washed his body from head to toe leaving his ass, cock and balls to the end. When I got to his ass I had him bend over so I could soap it up. I gently inserted my index finger. It came out slippery with left over cum. I decided to just clean the outside. It kind of turned me on thinking about slipping back into his cum drenched ass. I rolled his balls in my hands then licked and sucked on them. He was leaned back against the wall thoroughly enjoying my ministrations. As I raised my head and engulfed his cock in my mouth he moaned his pleasure and as I started to pump onto it he got vocal "yeah babe suck my cock, that's it go deep, yeah suck hard on that cockhead, fuck yeah lick the slit, kiss my cock, oooh god that's so fucking good, now go deep again suck it fuck suck it I'm going to cum soon, ooh fuck, that's it, ooh FUCK I'M CUMMING." He filled my mouth with cum and after showing him what he had done I swallowed it.

"Fuck James that was hot. Now you owe me one" I said.

I took James by the hand and led him to the bed. We both needed a rest, he curled up in my arms with his sweet ass nestled against my pubes. I hugged him close and kissed his shoulder, his neck and nibbled his earlobe. "You are so fucking hot. I loved sucking your cock. I love to hear you whimper, groan and I really love how you tell me what you want. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention how good it feels to make you cum. It's delicious."

My cock was filling and growing against James' ass. I felt him wiggle his ass encouraging my cock to full erection. I thought about the slippery cum still lingering inside his ass and my cock was wet with precum. I pulled my hips back, my cock slipped across his ass crack and as I moved forward it was like a plow making a furrow, his ass cheeks separated over the head of my cock, as it slipped up his crack I could feel my cockhead touch his hole. My cock was still drooling precum and I just wiggled it around on his hole. After a minute of this his hole was well lubricated and I pressed tip in a little. Holding the head in the grip of his sphincter I slowly moved in and out maybe half inch strokes not allowing the head to enter his channel. It felt fantastic teasing both the head of my cock and his sphincter.

James was moaning, wanting more. I was grunting trying to hold back from giving him more. His ass muscles clenched around my cockhead pushing it out and I pushed it back in. This time my cockhead slipped past his sphincter and his ass grasped my shaft. I slowly pushed forward into his cum slippery passage. As I laid there behind him, I started a rhythm of long slow strokes savouring the feeling of this slick fuck. A little cum from earlier was seeping from his ass soaking my balls and his ass cheeks. "Fuck that feels good" I said.

"Fuck yeah, keep going, fuck me gently, I fucking love it!" James exclaimed.

I buried my rod to the hilt and pulsed it a few times followed by a few short hard strokes slamming myself in to the hilt.

"Ooooh fuck, unh, unh, unh" he grunted. 

I went back to long and slow, James was making noises that were somewhere between a hum and a purr. Suddenly, I felt like I was going to cum 'shit not yet' I thought. I tried to ignore the sounds he was making. I thought about purchase orders and invoices and inventories with little impact on my impending orgasm. "Fuck James, that's going to make me cum." I pulled out and squeezed the base of my cock to stop the orgasm.

James rolled onto his back and looked me in the eyes. "Make love to me" he said.

I think my heart skipped a beat or two. The "L" word - WOW - I hadn't expected that. I positioned myself between his thighs and lowered my lips to his. There was a new tenderness in our kiss. Sure there was still passion and need but it was enduring closeness. I hadn't been thinking much beyond this week but this was a game changer. I started to imagine a life with this man and I liked the vision that washed over me!

As we kissed my hard cock found his hole and slipped inside. Our bodies were glued together lips to lips, chest to chest, my cock sliding in and out with long unhurried strokes. Orgasm wasn't the main objective but a benefit to the love we were sharing.

James was moaning as we kissed and fucked. His pleasure filled me with joy. I wanted to please him. I have to admit that I have been a taker most of my life but pleasing this man was now my highest priority. I continued my slow steady stroking in his ass bottoming on each stroke. The long kiss ended. I covered his face, neck, ears, nose, and eyes with little kisses, nipped his ear lobes and traced the line of his jaw with the tip of my tongue.

Reality set in. I was in love with James. It was supposed to be me having some fun in Vegas. However, this cowboy had indeed found a new pony and I wanted it to be for a lifetime.

James was drooling precum on his belly between us, so much that it was starting to work its way into my chest hair. 'Fuck, this is better than hot' I thought 'it's sweet.' He was saying "yesss! that's so good, you fuck so good, aahhhh fuck, you're going to make me cum." I kissed him again, not hard and passionate, just a tender loving kiss. I redirected my cock so that it was rubbing hard against his prostate. "Aaawwww fuck!" he broke the kiss and his asshole clamped down on my cock then the spasms that rattled through his body were telegraphed into my cock as he blew his load between us, mine filled his ass. The kiss continued as our bodies came off their high.

When we stopped the kiss, we looked into each other's eyes and started to speak. "I love you!" we each exclaimed. We kissed again.

James didn't go back to his room that night, he didn't check his phone and we slept like babies. We woke in time to make love again before James had to go to work. After work on and the NTS wrap-up celebration on Friday, James came to my room. He seemed a little down in the mouth.

"What's wrong?" I asked. 

"Kelley's wrong." He said.

"What is she wrong about?" I asked.

"No, I mean she is wrong for me. I thought that having sex with a man was only a fantasy of mine, but it is so much more. I have only known you for a few days and I've fallen in love with you."

"I love you too, but if you need some time to work things out I'll understand." I said.

"When I get back I will have to go to her. I still love her, but lately our love making has been has been the vanilla variety. After she used a dildo to fuck my ass I couldn't get my fantasy for real man out of my head." James said.

We talked for a couple of hours. James was emotional, not being a drama queen or anything like that, but it was clear that he didn't want to hurt Kelley. The last thing he told me was that Kelley had been angry with him on the phone, accused him of fulfilling his fantasy with a man and that they would talk about it when he got home. Then without giving him time to respond had declared that she had a fantasy of her own and then hung up.

"Well," I said "I think you should stop beating yourself up until you know what she is talking about. Do you have any idea what her fantasy is?"

"No, not a clue." He said.

"Then, come here." I said opening my arms. He came into my embrace and I covered his face with kisses. Gradually he started to respond. Our lips met in a gentle kiss that soon turned passionate. Our tongues were fighting swiping against each other. He submitted the kiss to me, I drew his tongue into my mouth and sucked on it. He moaned and his arms held me tight pulling my mouth hard into his. I pulled his shirt out of his pants and slid them over his bare back up to his shoulders and massaged them. I could feel his tension melting away.

We broke the kiss. I started unbuttoning his shirt and he started unbuttoning mine. The shirts were discarded. James hugged me close, I wrapped my arms around him and lifted him so that our lips were together and we kissed again. "Fuck, I love your hairy chest, I love the way it scratches my nipples when you hold me like this."

I let him slide down over my hairy body until his feet hit the floor. He moaned and unbuckled my belt, unbuttoned the top of my pants and unzipped my fly. The pants slid to the floor. James sank to his knees as his fingers hooked the elastic on my underwear pulled it over my rapidly hardening cock. I stepped out of the clothing and stood before him in just my socks. He leaned forward looked up at me and licked me from between my balls slowly up to the head of my cock then back down swallowing first one ball then the other.
