 I would love to hear your input! Contact me through the contact tab on my profile. 

Story about a young man who is forced by another. I would warn you about it, but then, that's why you came here to read it you naughty boy... 

*****

I stopped using Tindr, obviously. I told no one what happened to me. I didn't really believe it myself, and I ignored the hard-ons I got every time I thought about the encounter. That was about a month ago, time to move on. 

Still reeling from my breakup, it was time to meet women the ol' fashioned way: head to the bar. 

With a couple of friends in tow, we headed to the popular bar in town. Fast forward an hour or so, I'm in the bar after a few drinks, and things get to get a bit hot and dizzy. As a guy, you don't need to check in with your mates to tell them you're going home; you just go home. Oddly, I felt drunk and woozy, but couldn't recall having more than a few to drink. Whatever, regardless, I was striking out all night. Time to go home and beat the meat. 

I dialled a taxi but was informed they were unable to get one out for the next hour. Fuck the cabs in this town. My place was a good 30 min walk home, so... I started walking. 

A good five to ten minutes into the walk, things are getting worse. I'm now feeling more, I don't know exactly... drunk like... walking is getting tough... 

...and someone pulls up... BMW... opens his window... "Hey James, looks like you need a ride home..." (James?) I think... he must know me... I must know him... I just want to get home... 

...I get in... 

...I'm tired. I must have had more to drink, or ate something... I don't know. But I'm falling in and out of sleep in the passenger seat... 

...then I remember waking up, being helped up some wooden stairs into a house... wait, this isn't my bed... 

...he's taking my clothes off... what the fuck man... but I feel drunk and whatever, I don't know... 

...I come to and he's advancing towards me. I'm naked on my back, on a bed... where am I... what's going on... 

...and it dawns on me as he straddles me... I've seen this cock before... it's him... I try to yell for help, but I just slur, "ugghhhhhh..." as his cock effortlessly slides into my mouth and down my throat. 

Is this really happening? I can smell his familiar musk hit my nostrils as he enters the back of my throat, his balls resting on my chin. For some reason I'm not gagging at all, I even feel comfortable. I must be really drunk... 

Snap out of it man! I try to fight the intruder off again, but it's dark, things are spinning, and I don't have much muscle strength. He easily pins my wrists together in an 'x' above my head. And with that, he thrusts his cock all the way to the base, now making me gag and choke. Suffocating me with his naval as he presses the entire length of his manhood down my drunken... and drugged, throat. 

"I knew with a little G you would be my bitch boi again..." He laughed as he choked the air out of my with just his huge cock. It hit me, I was drugged. Was he in the bar? How did this happen? G? 

None of that mattered. He had me... again. I was in the same room, those were the same steps... that was his BMW... 

"Ya, I knew you liked my cock, you bitch boi cocksucker. Huh? You like sucking my fat cock?" He yelled at me. 

"ghhffmmmmNOguhhh" I tried to fight back through the haze, but it was of no use. I knew it too, I didn't have the strength, and soon... I stopped caring. 

"Oh ya, then why is your cock so hard, huh cumslut?" 

Huh? What's he talking about? The rapist now pinning my wrists that were together with one hand, and with his other he reached back and grabbed my... oh my god, he was right... my cock was rock hard! 

And he was stroking it! In this position, his cock slide half way out of my mouth and caused my head to tilt back. I could now faintly make out his face, but it was dark, and the drugs were in full effect. 

He stopped jerking me off and leaned back forward, grabbed my head with both his hands and began to pump his cock in my mouth. He fucked deep and without mercy... and I let him. I didn't fight back. I even whimpered and gaged to his delight. 

"You sound like a porn star you bitch boi. Enjoying that cock NOW aren't ya, you little cockfuck, bitch boi!" 

He would call me lots of names, degrading, humilating names... and every time he would emphasise BITCH BOI... I kinda liked it... man, I was drunk... 

He thrust deep hitting the base of my throat, plunging his entire shaft back in my throat. I gasped for air, but he just gasped, and let out a hard moan as his cock pulsated and blew its load deep down my throat. I gaged and gurgled on his cock; both from the sheer force of his ejaculation, but also from lack of oxygen... 

...and I hear him say, "there's load one"... 

...and then I passed out... 

...I awoke in a haze, I was still on my back. I looked down and saw my cock.. Still hard, still laying on my belly... I was at the foot of the bed and next to it was him, standing there, like he was waiting for me to come to. 

I could even sense the fucking grin on his face as he spread my legs and pushed them back towards my ears, spreading my asshole open, and angling it up. It was perfect for his hard 9 inch cock, that monster. With my legs spread, it was an easy invitation for his cock into my hole. It hurt... like before... 

...but then it didn't. I felt like I was full, stretch, invaded... but no pain... maybe the drugs?... It almost... no no... it doesn't feel good... you're straight, I tell myself... 

... I start passing out again, with the view of this man, pumping his cock into my spread hole, watching my OWN hard cock, flopping up and down on my belly... 

...and I see darkness... 

...I come to from my haze bouncing forward on my face... I'm on my knees... I'm getting fucked hard in my ass... and I swear, I hear more voices... 

... 

...and I wake up in some ditch. I'm naked, with a towel over me. Oh my god, I'm sore, and feel hungover as fuck. And where the hell am I? Looking around, I can see I'm only a few blocks from my house, in the nearby park. It's early too, real early. 

I get myself together and wrap the towel around me as best I can and sneak home safety. Thankfully, I always keep a spare key under the mat. 

In the shower, I try to forget about last night, but I can't. Flashes and images of my dreams... did it really happen? But no... I just got really drunk... 

Then why were you naked when you woke up. And why did you shit out cum before you took a shower? 

And why is your cock hard?

Ugh... and as I looked down at my cock, pointing up at me expecting attention... I started stroking it as I recall the last thing I remember from last night: At one point I came too late in the night and I was bent over an ottoman. My ass, up in the air, stretched out and sore... A guy was fuckin me hard, spreading my ass cheeks apart and he slammed into me... he felt different than before, bigger maybe? Anyways, before I nodded back off into darkness, I heard a voice above my head... 

...he grunted, "that's load twelve"...