 ANOTHER WEEKEND BY THE BAY

Traci slept in on Saturday morning as she was dead tired from a hectic Friday night at the club. She needed her rest before another busy Saturday night. Eric and Scotty went out for breakfast and did some more local sightseeing around the city. They ate lunch by the Wharf and later returned to the apartment. Traci had already left for work.

Scotty and Eric went to bed early. They were naked as always and Scotty rolled to his side with his back to his neighbor. Eric fondled and played with the curvy bottom for several minutes before lubricating the familiar passage. He eased his cock into the always receptive ass and he reached around to stroke Scotty's stiff dick.

They were in no rush to cum and they moved as if they were making love. Eric was the first to cum and his ejaculation triggered Scotty's. They remained coupled together with the big dick in the sweet ass. Eric still held to Scotty's cock which softened in his end. Eric hugged the smooth skinned effeminate body tightly to his own.

"Eric, did you ever think that when you first fucked me over a month ago, things would turn out like this?"

"Not in my wildest imagination. I love fucking you and you introduced me to the coolest people. I enjoyed Leland and Cody too."

"I know that you like Traci's tits in addition to fucking her."

"I do. It is such a turn-on. I love holding her tits with my cock in her fantastic ass."

They remained cuddled together and eventually dozed off. On Sunday they would be taking in the wine country of Napa Valley. Traci didn't work Sunday and they would have the entire day together.

On Sunday morning Eric work up to the sensation of someone sucking his cock. To his left Traci was fucking Scotty doggy style. Who was sucking his cock? He looked down to see long light brown hair bobbing up and down. Further inspection revealed a beautiful body in a prone position. Past the silky hair was smooth skin with tan lines, a curvy white derriere and lovely tan legs. The head lifted off his cock and he saw the face of the lovely ladyboy who waited on them last Thursday. She smiled at him and spoke softly.

"I hope you don't mind. Traci said that I would enjoy your cock."

"I don't mind at all. What's your name?"

"Paula, it used to be Paul."

"Well Paula enjoy yourself!"

"Just a while longer and then I would like you to fuck me"

"It will be my pleasure." 

Minutes later Paula moved to all fours and Eric caught a glimpse of her cute titties. They were smaller than Traci's but they looked good on the smaller frame. He started at her lovely lily-white ass framed between the tan lines. Traci handed him the lube and he prepared Paula's marvelous ass for a good fucking. He moved into position and placed his cockhead at the anus. Paula placed her hand on Eric's thigh to guide the penetration.

"Nice and slow, let me open up for you."

Eric eased his cock in and it was a wonderful sight to see the flower open up and the shaft slowly disappear. Paula moaned with pleasure not pain. She had long cocks in her before but this was the thickest. It took several minutes before the entire cock was buried in the sweet ass. Then Eric began the slow in and out moves that stretched the passage before he would pick up the pace.

He looked over at Traci fucking Scotty and he liked the way her titties jiggled when she thrust in and out. He caressed Paula's buttocks as he fucked the beauty. When he got close to cumming, he leaned over and reached for Paula's little breasts. He just loved the ladyboys with great asses and sexy titties. One final thrust and Eric held his cock in the receptive ass as he unleashed a massive load. Next to him Traci was filling Scotty's ass with a substantial amount of cum.

"My God, Traci, I feel like a firehose went off in my ass."

"I told you Paula. I warned you that he would fill you up."

"Fill me up, it feels like a flood."

Eric then watched as Traci moved to her back so that Paula could fuck her. Scotty moved into position to fuck Paula. It was really something to see the two ladyboys together as the fondled the others tits while they were fucked. It didn't take long for Scotty and Paula to cum. They flopped down on top of Traci briefly and then rolled to the side. Traci then spoke to them.

"Okay everyone, shower dress and we are off the Napa Valley."

Eric and Scotty were pleased that Paula joined them on the wine tour. She was as pretty as Traci and they looked like two couples. No one would ever guess that they were not pretty women with the two men. Traci and Paula wore tight short shorts and halter tops baring their flat tan tummies. They visited a couple of wineries before lunch ate and then hit three more after lunch. 

On the way home Eric in front with Traci who was driving. In the back Scotty and Paula began playing with each other. They had their cocks out and were jerking each other off. Then Scotty sucked Paula until she came in his mouth and then she sucked him off. They arrived at the apartment soon after and within minutes they were all naked. 

Traci and Paula got into a 69-position of their sides and sucked each other's cock. Scotty then fucked Traci as Eric had another go at Paula. Once they had all cum for the final time that day it was time for bed. The four naked bodies snuggled in the large bed and slept soundly. On Monday Scotty and Eric left Paula and Traci in bed as they got ready to go to the studio. 

FILMING ON MONDAY

Traci did not go to the filming with Eric on Monday as she was concerned that she might not get back in time to go to work. Scotty was curious to see Eric in action so he went along. They took a taxi to the studio right after breakfast. Eric reported in and he was told he would be working with a very cute effeminate gay named Brandy. He was handed the College Roommates' script and reminded that they would hold up cue cards also. The director reminded him.

"Eric, the dialogue is not as important as the sex. So, if you miss a cue don't worry about it."

Eric then met Brandy who was as they said very good looking. They got dressed in school uniforms and then they stood in front of two fake urinals. Brandy started first stroking his cock into hardness and kept looking at Eric. He whispered.

"Do want to play with my cock?"

"I'm not into cock."

"No, do you like having yours played with or getting sucked off?"

"Yes, I have a roommate who likes to suck my cock."

"Take it out."

Eric fished he cock out of his pants and began to stroke it. Brandy acted in awe of the big dick and tentatively reached for it. He stroked it several times and then whispered to Eric.

"We can do it here. Come with me."

Both of them put their cocks back in their pants and moved to a different set. This one was set up like a classroom. 

"No one ever comes in here on the weekend."

In the classroom they took off their jackets and dropped their pants and underwear. Randy was all over Eric's cock. He acted taken with the impressive cock and he spent a lot of time kissing it and licking it keeping it hard. The director told them to fuck. Eric watched as Randy lubricated his ass. He marveled at the shapely ass on Randy's smaller frame. Eric noticed, that like Scotty, Randy's skin was tan except for his lily-white ass. Randy looked very desirable on all fours as he waited for the big cock to penetrate him. Following the directions, Eric took his time fingering the shapely ass and he liked the submissive posture that Randy presented. Randy had his head down on his hands which were folded on his jacket on the floor. His ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape of his ass. 

Eric moved close and slowly eased his cock into the curvy ass. Randy groaned slightly with the penetration and his sphincter stretched to accept another big cock. He had had large dicks in his ass many times so it was just a matter of adjustment. Once past the sphincter Eric fucked slowly until the experienced ass opened up and was able to accommodate the big thick cock. The director held up a cue card.

"You like having my big dick in your ass, don't you?"

"Yes, I love it. Fuck me with your big cock."

Eric then picked up the pace and soon his hips were slamming into the lovely actor. The curvy cheeks would jiggle each time and the director loved the effect. Eric felt his release building and he knew that he would dump a big load on Randy's ass. Randy felt the cock leave his ass followed by the explosion of hot cum on his bottom. 

Although it was less than a minute it seemed as if Eric would not stop cumming. The warn syrupy semen covered the gorgeous bottom, bounced off the anus and trickled down in the crack. Eric squeezed the last dollop out of his shaft and then eased it back in Randy's dilated anus. The sphincter involuntarily clenched and unclenched as it massaged Eric's cock. Eric kept pressed against his newest lover and let his cock be milked dry. 

"Oh man. Was that ever great."

"I'm glad you liked it because I loved fucking your ass."

"I hope we can get together again."

"You can count on it. I want you to meet my roommate too."

The director called out, "Cut, great job guys. Eric you can go, again can't you?"

"Yes, Tony, I can."

"Good let's shoot the threesome in a few minutes."

When they were ready to shoot again the scene went back to a dorm room set. Eric, Randy and Jerry looked over the simple script and they were ready to go. Jerry would be in the dorm room when the others arrived.

"Randy is horny and needs some of your action." 

"I see. Did Eric fucking you get you all excited?" 

Jerry rolled his naked body over on all fours and wiggled his ass in Randy's direction. Randy lubricated the cute pucker with the lube and then he hurriedly shoved his cock in Jerry's ass. Eric walked to the other side of the bed and offered his cock to suck on. Jerry gobbled up the big dick and he soon had Eric hard in his mouth. Randy was moving rapidly in and out of Jerry's ass and was so turned on that he knew he would cum quickly. He pulled out just in time.

Randy held Jerry hips as he ran his cock between the cheeks and ejaculated on the pretty blonde's bottom. He doused the shapely ass with his seed and he could feel it coat his cock. Jerry loved the rush of the warm man seed on his ass. He was rock hard and announced he was ready to fuck Randy. Jerry told Randy to get on his back in bed.

Randy got on his back and spread his legs looking forward to another butt fuck. Jerry lubed his cock and moved into position to fuck him missionary style. Jerry pushed his cock into the receptive ass and held him by the back of his knees. Jerry leaned in and began fucking him. Eric watched the two blondes and he got his cue from the director. Eric took the lube and applied it liberally to his big cock. He knelt behind Jerry and eased his dick into yet another shapely ass.

"Oh God, I love this," Jerry called out.

Eric let Jerry do most of the work. As he fucked Randy, he also impaled himself on Eric's cock. Randy stayed erect the whole time and his cock slapped against his abs as Jerry fucked him. Randy then reached down and took a hold of his dick and jerked off. The director called out for everyone to cum on Randy.

Jerry pulled out and shot a good size load onto Randy's chest and abs. Randy also ejaculated adding his own seed to the pool on his body. Eric then moved to the side and stroked his cock sending streams of semen onto the pretty blonde. Following the director's instructions, Randy took both cocks in his mouth and sucked them clean.

"Cut, that's a wrap for today. Well done guys. I'll see you tomorrow Eric."

The three actors went to a small locker room, showered and dressed. Scotty was waiting for Eric in the reception area. He had called for a taxi and they went outside to wait for it.

"Eric, that was incredibly hot. I had a boner most of the time."

"It was hot. I'm surprised how easy it is to fuck good looking guys for the first time."

"You're a natural. You were made to be a porn star."

They took the taxi back to the apartment and filled Traci in on the shoot. Traci had to leave for work. Scotty and Eric got something to eat and then relaxed listening to music and talking. Scotty was ready for some action and they all went to bed early again.

TUESDAY ANOTHER SHOOTING

On Tuesday it was an early morning shoot and Eric left before the others were awake. He took a taxi to the studio. The director explained the scene. Another well-endowed actor Bart was to be in the dorm room when Eric returned. Bart would be naked on his back in bed with Ben kneeling on the floor sucking Bart's cock. Eric would enter the make shift set and acted surprised to see his roommate sucking cock. 

"Ben, I see you are enjoying Bart's cock. Are you ready to be fucked again?"

"Yes, I'd like that.".

"Good because I'm going to fuck your ass next while you give Bart a blow job." 

Eric played with Ben's buttocks, "Nice ass, really nice ass."

Eric began lubricating the anus. He applied an ample amount of lube to his cock too. Satisfied that Ben was well greased, he eased it into the shapely ass. Ben took the hard cock back in his mouth. Bart's cock was beautiful and Ben loved sucking it. Bart watched Eric fuck Ben as his cock was sucked by the pretty blonde. Bart's release snuck up on him but he pulled out in time and ejaculated on the side of ben's face. 

Ben took the cock back in his mouth and he kept Bart hard in the process. He was nibbling on the mushroom head but the sensation became too intense for Bart so he pushed Ben away but he continued to watch Eric fuck the blonde. Eric announced his ejaculation as he thrust his cock in all the way just before he pulled out and ejaculated on the lovely bottom. Eric let his cock rest between the buttocks. Bart was now anxious to fuck the pretty gay with the scrumptious ass.

"Get on the bed this time."

Ben's 6" erect dick wavered in front of him as he knelt on the bed and raised his ass in the air. Bart looked at him in that position and admired the smooth hairless body and great looking bubble butt. Bart took the lube and applied a generous amount to his own cock. He knelt behind Ben and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. The anus was dilated and he had been well stretched by Eric. Bart coated his dick making very slippery and then he eased into the sexy bottom. 

Bart was gentle with him but soon he was buried to the hilt in the receptive ass and he fucked the young man with passion. Bart held on to the pretty twin cheeks as he fucked him thoroughly. Bart then tensed, pulled out and fired a substantial load onto the sweet bottom. He held still for a few moments before he eased his cock back in the lovely ass and the two of them then flopped down on the bed and sighed. 

Eric had watched the sex act and he was hard again. Ben spotted the Eric, he got back on all fours with his curvy bottom stuck up in the air. Eric felt his cock twinge as he looked at the incredibly hot ass. The cock hardened as he approached the bed. He knelt behind Ben and began to caress the beautiful ass. He put more lube in his hands and rubbed it all around the dilated anus. He inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing the irresistible ass for another butt fuck. Eric was turned on by the thought of burying his entire cock in Ben's shapely ass one more time. He moved closer and lined up the head of his cock with the anal opening. Eric eased his big dick into the incredible ass.

The cock head easily cleared the sphincter this time. Ben's ass chute was warm and tight as Eric went deeper and deeper into him. Soon he was all the way in the sweet ass and he started a slow fucking motion. The Eric continued to pump the curvy ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. He caressed the smooth round cheeks as he fucked the sexy teen. 

He picked up the pace and he pounded Ben's ass faster and faster. Eric's balls started bouncing off of the blonde's perineum and Ben moaned with each thrust of the cock. Eric could feel his second release building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed onto the receptive ass. Eric fired a barrage of cum coating the sweet buns. His seed trickled down over the perineum. 

Bart wasted no time following the director's instructions and re-entered the pretty ass, catching Ben by surprise. It took Bart much longer to cum again but he loved the entire time that he was buried in the scrumptious ass. He eventually came again after what seemed like an eternity. 

They were done and the director yelled, "Cut, wrap it up. That's all for today."

"Great shoot guys. That wraps up the College Roommates video."

Eric spoke up, "But we only did three shoots."

"No kid, we did six, three were with other actors. Have a good day guys, Eric we'll see you when you get back in town."

"Okay, what's next?"

"I think Barry wants to do a bisexual movie with couples. You'll find out next time."

Eric showered, dressed and took a taxi back to the apartment. He couldn't believe that he would be headed home in two days. It had been quite a journey. When he got back, Scotty and Traci were drained from having sex with Paula. Traci left for work and Eric told Scotty about his day. Later they ate dinner and relaxed watching TV. 

TRACI'S SURPRISE

Eric woke up first on Wednesday morning and looked at the two naked bodies in bed with him. He lay on his side with his head propped up on his hand, a pillow under his arm pit. He studied the lovely forms of his gay neighbor and the pretty ladyboy. Both of them lay partially on their bellies and the position emphasized the shape of their incredibly desirable asses.

As he looked at the two beauties, Eric thought how lucky he was to have made the trip with Scotty. Of course, he enjoyed fucking Scotty at home and he was thrilled to meet Leland and Cody. Scotty had introduced him to a whole new world and he loved fucking all the sweet bottoms. Traci had got him started in porn and he would be eternally grateful for that. Then he got to make it with another beautiful ladyboy Paula with a great body. Traci stirred and as she rolled over facing Eric he stared at her lovely tits. She also had a morning boner. Traci opened her eyes and smiled at Eric.

"Good morning! Have you been awake thinking about fucking me?"

"I think about fucking you all the time."

Traci smiled and rolled to her side facing away from him and she patted her bottom. Eric took the lube that was always handy on the nightstand and prepared the incredible ass for anal sex. Traci moaned softly as the big dick entered her and filled her passage. Scotty, hearing the moans, woke up and saw what was going on in bed. He slithered down and took Traci's cock in his mouth and sucked her off.

"Don't cum in me Eric. Cum on me and then put it back in."

Traci just didn't want that huge load in her ass so early in the morning. Eric moved steadily in and out and when he felt the sphincter tighten around his shaft, he knew that Traci had cum in Scotty's mouth. Eric pulled his cock out and stroked it until he ejaculated on the smooth skin ladyboy. As usual, he fired multiple streams onto the sex body and then put his cock back in the curvy bottom. Traci moved the semen from her bottom and hip to her breasts. She rubbed the seed onto her cute titties as if she was applying lotion to them.

Scotty was ready to get off so he fed Traci his cock. She told him not to cum in her mouth but to shoot on her tits. He did just that when he came and he pointed his cock at one breast and then the other. Eric thought it was a pretty hot scene. The three of them separated and lay on their backs. Traci revealed her surprise.

"I don't have to work tonight. I switched nights with another worker. We can spend the whole day together. I wanted to be with you since you are leaving early tomorrow."
