 I'd always been straight as a die. Still am. But a friend from university and I have an interesting history together. When we were both about 20, he came out as gay and I was one of the last to know. He told me that he had been worried about my reaction, since he knew I was quite conservative and had recently gone through a bit of an Evangelical Christian phase. I think I surprised him with my positive and supportive reaction. In fact, I was one of the few who offered to accompany him to gay bars and events as he explored this new reality.

Sometime later - perhaps a year or two - we were having a text-message conversation about our lives and how we were doing. He had moved to another part of town and our group of friends had dispersed a little. He hadn't had much luck finding any serious partners, and the subject of our sex lives inevitably surfaced. He asked me whether I had ever had any leanings towards same-sex encounters and I said, in honesty, no I had not but said jokingly that if I ever did he would be the first to know. James asked if maybe we could try it sometimes, and I was surprised at how intrigued I was. I was young, it was a time of new things, experimentation, and putting aside old taboos, so I thought maybe I should throw caution to the wind and I got a bus to his home.

At first I was understandably nervous. We had some drinks and talked for quite a while. I can also say, I was never 'attracted' to him in a conventional sense. I was intrigued by the sexual side of things and we were close friends. I was curious. We took off our clothes. Now, when writing these things one is never sure whether one story will be taken and read by itself, or placed in sequence in series of essays, so it may or not be the first or only place I will mention that I am not a badly-endowed man. I am not overly large in but carry in proportion to my overall build, which is large, and measure over average in all areas. What most of my girlfriends have remarked on, however, is the size of my underhanging package.

James's offerings were small in comparison to mine, but where he stood out, as it were, was in the region of his rather large - indeed monstrously so to my inexperienced eyes - and impressive cock. He seemed rather sheepish about it at first, but cheered up as he informed me it had been described by a previous observer as a "weapon of mass destruction", and I could imagine why. Seeing a very thin, awkward man stand before me with a disproportionately large erection was both unexpected and exciting. He lay next to me on his bed, and moved closer. I was not used to feeling body hair against me, a hard chest and a less pleasing shape than I was used to sharing an embrace with. His kisses were awkward and I was unsure of whether I was meant to enjoy them or whether they were merely a prelude to our agreed upon sexual acts.

The encounter was over as quickly as it had begun. Despite having been dressed in the appropriate type of lubricant, my body was not prepared for such an invasion and I reacted in pain, and the passion was killed. We talked some more and I apologised for letting both of us down. I went home.

A short while later, maybe a month or so, I heard from James again. He had moved residence, much closer to where I was living at the time. I went over to visit and he cooked us a meal and we had some more drinks and nothing was said of the previous incident until, fuelled by the atmosphere and by my consumption of beer, I said that if he was willing, we should try again. The living room was typical of many in Dublin; thick carpet, old fashioned sofa and armchairs and a coffee table. James sat on an armchair in the corner. I walked over to him and leaned close to him, not sure what I was meant to do but determined to at least enjoy the moment this time. I don't know what motivated me, but I moved my hand slowly over the front of his pants and felt the beginnings of the monstrous erection I had seen previously. He had explained that it was not uncommon for straight men to have a fascination with another man's penis and that he accepted that this probably described my interest. Meanwhile, he confessed an attraction to me and was keen to let things unfold however they might.

I managed to loosen his clothing sufficiently to withdraw his cock from its hiding place and immediately and without thinking about it, took it into my mouth. I remember his hands on the back of my head as I began to gently move my lips up and down the shaft, taking it deeper into my inexperienced mouth. How big was it? I was easily six inches, James was.. eight? Nine? And thicker as well. It sounds strange now, but at the time I enjoyed the thrill of knowing that I was doing something I had been on the receiving end of a good number of times, and now the roles were being reversed. Normally dominant in bed, I was now submissive. And it turned me on like crazy.

As I teased and played, I felt him stir and lean forward, to whisper in my ear, "I want to fuck you" which led me to stand up and move over to the centre of the floor. I took off my clothes as he did likewise and we each did the necessary preparations. I suggested he lie on his back on the floor. I climbed on top of him and sat astride his body. I remember getting even more aroused as I felt the head of his stiff cock brush against my anus, and I slowly eased myself down lower. I took my time with the first moment of entry which was an entirely new feeling for me: First, a hard pressure against me, then intense pleasure as my muscles yielded and allowed his thick cock to slide deeper inside, something like a massive invasion of my body combined with an incredibly pleasurable sensation. I took in another inch, and began to feel more comfortable. James moaned with pleasure as I lowered my body in one motion and filled myself with every inch of his hard cock, and gently began to move back and forward. He stroked my balls as we moved together, and felt my own erection grow.

It became clear that the motion I employed, while enjoyable, was not going to give him the satisfaction he needed, so after a few minutes I offered to lie on the couch and let him climb on top. I slowly raised my body and separated from him, moved to the couch and lay flat. James quickly moved into position, lying on top of me, and for a second time I experienced the intense pleasure of having a thick, hard cock plunging deep into my ass. Because he was now on top, he was able to move to his own rhythm, fucking me hard and deep and hopefully enjoying my moans of pleasure. I enjoyed the feeling of laying helpless. Being pounded. Fucked. Filled. Used. After only a few minutes his breathing became heavier and he shot his load deep inside me. 

Over the next decade, there were a number of such incidents, and all were immensely enjoyable. But none would compare to that first time.