 Chapter 4 - Time to mend a few fences. 

The summer weather had slipped away today. It was cold and raining out. Everything looked cold and grey - not an ideal day off. At least this time I didn't have to run out of Sam's house like a madman. 

I couldn't do that to him for the third time - he's a really nice guy. 

Sam was quietly sleeping beside me, looking so peaceful almost innocent. I had texted him after my shift finished, asking if there was any chance that I could make up for the past two fails? 

To my absolute surprise, he said "yes-but". 

There's always a but! 

"No running out of the house. Not to work or anywhere", till he said so. 

I laughed, "You got it, Sam." 

I slipped back down the bed, pulling the covers up till just the top of my head was sticking out. 'Hmmm, it's so nice and warm.' 

I slipped closer to Sam so that my legs just contacted Sam's, touching from our waists to the souls of his feet. A small whimper escaped from Sam. He gently moved back against my chest. Somehow my arm was now his pillow. We had locked together like human Legos. His scent and warmth was intoxicating. I could feel myself relaxing and almost floating away. Loved playing with Legos as a kid, but god, don't stand on this shit at night - it's transformed into ninja stars in the dark almost. I let out a chuckle. 

What must have been an hour or so later, I woke to Sam's head against my chest, his leg over mine and hand resting near my right ear. I had obviously rolled onto my back at some point while sleeping and Sam had sprawled across me without even waking me up. For such a well built, defined guy, his body felt so light resting on me. Why did I have to meet him now? I'm just about to go away for three months. Is he right for me, or are we just going to be friends with benefits? Who knows... 

"Hello sleepyhead." I could feel his warm breath across my chest when he spoke. 

"Oh, hey you," I replied. "See! I didn't run off, still here..." 

"Well, Jamie, I think I have you pinned to the bed, so there's no running off this time." 

"Hmm", I could get used to something like this. 

"Ok, so you've got me pinned down. What would you like to do to me, or me to you Sam...?" 

"Well, I have an idea." With that he slipped over me, straddling my morning wood. 

My hard cock was wedged between his sexy butt cheeks. I was sure I had clothes on when I jumped into bed last night. This guy must have the softest touch. 

Sam started to rock back and forward. His hard cock was rubbing against my abs. My cock was wedged in his sweet butt crack and pre-cum was leaking from both of us. Clearly, we were both keen to play. 

I looked up into those beautiful eyes staring down at me, filled with lust and something else that I couldn't quite make out. I was mesmerized, "Oh god, Sam, ah..." I started to moan, he leaned in close, resting a gentle kiss on my lips. It deepened quickly, our tongues meeting, dancing like leaves twirling in a fall breeze. The combined moaning filled the room. 

Sam slipped a hand into an open draw, fishing out a condom and small lube bottle. He broke our kiss. Smiling and wiggling his eyebrows, I reached up to grab the condom. But Sam pulled it back out of my reach. "Oh no you don't, Jamie! I've got this," he said with a cheeky smile. In a swift smooth movement, he rocked forward, further up my abs his cock was rubbing on me, its own pool of pre-cum forming on my chest. 

"Oh god, this is so hot...you're so hot, Sam," I moaned his name over and over. The view was amazing - his lean upper body was almost all I could see, his hair had slipped to one side, and those eyes - oh those eyes - were so, so intense. His fingers were digging into my pecks and thumbs rubbing my nipples. Oh god, this guy is going to do me in at this rate. 

Sam reached around behind himself, twisting some more getting a good grip on my hardness, stroking me a few times, then stopped, and with both hands rolled the condom over me. 

While he was distracted, I grabbed the lube bottle he had at some point placed on my chest. I thumbed the lid open. 'Click' ... the sound caused him to turn his face, looking over his shoulder at me, shooting me a look of 'don't!' 

I jokingly put both hands up in surrender, with the lube in one hand still. He narrowed his eyes for a second, taking the lube from me. With a small smirk breaking out across his face, then squeezing the lube into one of his hands and reaching back and stroking me up and down, he gave me a generous coating. 

"Can I ..." was all I got out. 

"Jamie, I've got this." Sam squeezed more lube into his hand. Reaching around, he started to work himself up. He was magic to watch... he knew his body well. The expression on his face said it all: he was getting off on just preparing himself. When his attention turned back to me, those sexy eyes were filled with lust. His hands returned to my chest. Using me like an anchor rail, he slowly slipped down my abs, till I felt the tip of my cock against his hotness. At the contact, "Oh god, Sam," slipped from my mouth. 

Sam reached around with one hand, grabbing me by the base. He lined me up with this sweet tight hole. With only a seductive smile as any signal, he pushed down on me slightly. My head started to push past his tight ring muscle where he paused for a moment. I was looking up at his face - those eyes... his mouth hanging open, drawing in as much air as he could ... clearly, lust was taking over. 

Without warning, he pushed down on me in one long mind-blowing movement. A cry of pleasure mixed with pain escaped his open mouth. He threw his head back, crying out my name, as he was now pressed against my thighs, stopping for a moment, adjusting to my size filling him up. Slowly, Sam began lifting till I was almost fully out of him, just the tip remaining in his warmth. Then, he slammed back down on me in one movement. 

Sam started rising and falling faster and harder each time, his cock flicking pre-cum over my chest and neck. God, watching him ride me, pleasuring himself with me, guiding me against those spots inside him that only he knew, was intoxicating. 

Our combined moaning was on the rise. Clearly, Sam's flatmates could hear us, and music started to fill the room from outside. Not a bad soundtrack too now that I think of it. 

"Oh god, Jamie, I'm so close," Sam kept moaning over and over. 

"Oh, Sam...ride me... oh god... ride me..." 

I started to meet his thrusts, pushing up into him. Sam's hands gripped my chest for dear life. 'I'm sure there will be fingerprint bruises after this' entered my mind for a Nanosecond. 

"Oh, Jamie, I'm cumming. Oh, Jamie, I'm cumming!" Sam was moaning over and over, louder with every thrust from the both of us. 

I wanted to! I needed to! 

I buried myself deep into him, to have as much of his sweet body wrapped around me. With every thrust I could feel his body trembling, tightening and pulsating. My god, this was the best sex of my life! 

With a moan that started deep within him, his release came. I felt his cock expand and pulse in my hand as his hot ribbons of his seed flew out, ripping across my chest, cheek, and even the headboard behind me. Sam's entire body responded when he came, clamping down on me so tightly it was going to drive me over the edge. 

"Oh god," was all I could hear rolling out of my mouth like I was almost disconnected, listening from afar. I drove harder and harder up into him. , arching my back with only my shoulders and heels touching the bed. With every thrust, I pushed deeper into Sam, letting him down, then ramming back up into him again with every ounce of my being. 

A surge of what almost felt like lightening ripped through my body, emanating from my groin as I started to cumming into the rapidly filling condom. When our movements slowed, finally stopping, I was still hard inside him. He leaned forward, licking up some of his juice off my cheek, smacking his lips. 

"Hmm, I don't taste too bad, really." 

I reached up, wrapping my hand around his head, guiding his mouth towards mine. Our lips met. The contact was like a wave of warmth spreading from my mouth outwards across me. My tongue speared into his mouth. "Yeah, you don't taste bad at all," I mumbled into Sam's mouth while our tongues fought for supremacy. 

He moved forward, letting me out of him. I was still hard and not far from being ready to go again. I was hooked. A groan of disappointment came out from us both as I exited from him. If I had stayed there much longer, although, I think Sam might have had an uncomfortable afternoon. 

"Well, if that condom failed, Sam, I think you might be pregnant." 

Sam replied with a sincere look on his face, "You'd better be ready to take time off for babysitting, Jamie. I've just changed jobs, no leave entitlements yet." We both laughed. 

Rolling over onto our sides, I pulled the condom off, tossed it into the trash can near the door. Sam passed me some baby wipes to clean ourselves up. Come to think of it, he always has wet wipes on hand. No matter what we were doing - be it eating take away Fish and Chips or Nachos somewhere - I'd pause for a moment to look for a napkin, and voila, wet wipes! 

We lay in each other's arms for a while, kissing and enjoying the sensations still coursing through our bodies, the warmth after sex, those sated relaxed feelings...what just pure bliss until Sam's stomach started rumbling, signalling it was time to shower and get him some breakfast. 

"Come-on, Sam. Let's get showered and cleaned up. I'll cook you breakfast." 

..o0o.. 

After showering, we headed out to the kitchen. One of Sam's flatmates was sitting at the kitchen counter watching Netflix on his tablet with ears buds in. Music was still playing throughout the apartment. There were a few uncomfortable looks shared around the room for a moment as his flatmates saw us walking in and made for the hallway. 

Sam started, "Jamie, this is Jefferson, Jeff for short." 

Jeff smiled, "Oh hi, Jamie" or is it "Oh-god, oh-god, Jamie?" 

My face flushed red in an instant. Both Sam and Jefferson exchanged looks, then roared laughing at my expense. I was, for once, speechless. "Oh-um" was all that I could manage to get out. 

"Talkative guy you got there, Sam," Jefferson offered with a smile on his face. 

"Only joking, Jamie. Nice to meet you, buddy." Jeff reached over the counter shaking my hand. "You the guy that ran out of here the other morning, yeah? Got to be the best walk of shame I've seen." 

I wasn't sure if Jefferson wanted an answer or not. If he did, wasn't going to happen for a while. Seems my voice has gone out to lunch. 

He added, "Oh, they were nice boxer briefs you were wearing, too. 'Bonds' yeah? " 

"Yes,,.um...thanks, Jeff," I finally managed to get out. "I promised Sam I'd make breakfast. Would you like some as well?" 

I gave Sam a peck on the cheek and walked over to the refrigerator, pulling open the door and looking in at an empty cabinet. The expression on my face wasn't lost on Sam - he walked over and looked in, turning back to look in Jeff's direction. 

"Where's all the food gone, Jeff? You know... the stuff I bought the other day?" 

"Oops, my bad" Jeff said, turning a nice shade of busted red, and making a fast exit to his room. 

Sam just looked at me and I shrugged my shoulders. 

"It's ok, Sam. I know a great place to get breakfast. Come on, my treat." 

We grabbed our cell phones and wallets from his room and headed out the front door to my truck. About fifteen minutes later, we pulled up at Café 47. 

"So Sam, this was an old fire station - Station House 47 - if you're wondering why the name. I am kind of a regular here. There's a fiery backstory too." 

We climbed out of the truck, heading in the door where Mike the owner was talking to another customer. "Hi, Mike," I waved as we sat at the table nearest to the side window. 

It was one of my favorite places to sit, it looked straight out to the local parklands beside the place. There was a small lake and river running through it. Loads of green grass around for kids to play on or for adults to just to lay and let the world go by for a while. 

There were three old huge red gums - they would have had to have been three, four hundred years old - they were gnarly, twisted, but so majestic and beautiful. They held a commanding presence over the area like old guards from the dawn of time looking out over us all. 

"So, Jamie, what's the backstory of this place. It looks kind of familiar for some reason." 

"Yeah, well, I remember Dad telling me as a kid a story about one of the many bushfires that came through here in the late 1960's and burnt most of the area out. The area had been getting slammed for weeks. One fire had swung down the small gully over the back near your place, pretty much making a straight-line at the park and farm houses surrounding here. The local fire brigade made up of dedicated volunteers were in this very station, and they made a last stand two hundred yards from those old trees, trying to stop the fire before it took the station house and the few houses that remained alongside the river. 

Apparently, legend has it, the old captain was heard to tell the fire as it approached, that he'd had enough of its crap for one day and the bastard thing was stopping here, and, by god, it did. They brought in earth-moving equipment, cutting breaks and then burning out sections between the lines to starve the main fire of fuel and a whole host of stuff. The weird part is nowadays many those ideas and improvements make up the backbone of how we fight wildfires. 

I learned about the fire - it was named 'the Plenty River stand', had to evaluate it and understand the strategies in combatting wildfire as a recruit firefighter. Those guys probably wouldn't even understand the labels we give those tactics nowadays, but they were humbled when they found out that it forms part of firefighter learning nowadays. They were years ahead of their time. 

In fact, the guys at Cal fire loved it so much, aspects of it were adopted over there too. Hard to believe that we have the same high-risk wildfires here as they do. Sure, the forest make up is different, but our eucalypt forests just explode in wildfires as do the pine and redwoods of California, plus they've got some native eucalypts too. So, they started the sharing of information and tactics started at this humble little station and eventually kicked off the secondment programs between the fire services too." 

"Oh, yeah, now I remember. When the old Captain died, they had that huge guard of honor down the main street of the town. Everyone was there. It was like the entire district came out to see him off. Didn't they rename the park after him too? Were you in the honor guard, Jamie? 

"Yep on both. The park was named in his honor and there is a scholarship fund at the local college that the community set up as a perpetual reminder, too. He was one of my first instructors in recruits - taught me many, including a life lesson about trauma and booze, but also so much more. His funeral was the first time I wore my dress uniform. I can remember where I was standing to the inch. Was proud and sad, too, being part of his funeral but honoring his service to the community for forty-five years" 

"Wow, that's amazing, Jamie," this guy can be so easy going, like a sixteen-year-old trapped in a thirty-year-old's body, but then he surprises me. 

"Ok, enough of the history lesson. Sorry, Sam - hope I didn't bore you. Just Captain Stafford holds a dear spot in my heart - kind 'a hero worship thing, I guess, ha-ha. 

Can I order for you, Sam?" 

"Sure," Sam replied, not taking his eyes from the view outside. "Nice place, Jamie, to sit and watch the world go by." 

I nodded in agreement. "I come here to think at times, trying to stop the work-me and the everywhere-else-me from colliding too often." 

"Mike, can I get two breakfasts, please?" I lowered my voice for a moment. "Do you want an espresso or juice, Sam?" 

"I'll have what you are having, Jamie." Looking back towards Mike, two lattes as well, please, Mike? 

"Sure. On its way, Jamie." 

Breakfast was relaxed and easy, a major improvement from my previous efforts in the morning with Sam. 

"Ok, so you can function in the morning, Jamie. I was beginning to think that morning was not your best time, although I do like the way you woke me up. 'Firefighter Spence.'" 

"Um, thanks, Sam. I'll take that as a compliment," wiggling my eyebrows as I smiled back at him. "Sam, I've got a few errands to do today. I'm happy for you to tag along if you like, or I can drop you home after we finish here? Whatever suits you." 

"Thanks, Jamie. Drop me home after breakfast. That would be good. Jeff is going to be taking me to the store and restocking my empty refrigerator," he said with a very pissed look on his face. 

"No problems. Maybe we can catch up later today, or tonight." 

"Sure, no problem." 

Our breakfasts came out quickly - scrambled eggs, two bacon strips, chorizo sausage fried up. Even fried tomatoes and mushrooms. But, the best of all was the small plate Mike placed in front of me. 

My eyes almost fell out of my head, and I looked up at Mike. 

"Really!" 

"Oh my god Mike! Sweet cornbread!" 

Sam didn't know what the fuss was all about. 

"Your Mom was here yesterday, saying that you were going away, and that you'd probably eat your body weight in cornbread at your cousin's house the first night you arrive. So, I thought I'd make some up - was going to drop it at the station later today for you. Then bang, you walked in. So, here you go, Jamie. Have a great holiday, and I don't think you're running away like your mom does either," Mike said with a huge smile. 

Sam took a bite. The smile that broke out said it all. "Are you running away, Jamie?" Genuine confusion was on his face. 

"No, I'm not. It's Mom - she's flipping out. Doesn't matter what I say, she's convinced that I'm a runaway thirty-year-old and that I'm going to come to all kinds of harm without her to look after me." I rolled my eyes for added effect. 

Sam just smiled, letting out a small laugh. "Well, at least you can be sure your Mom loves you, Jamie." 

We resumed our breakfast. I needed two coffees to counter the feeling that maybe my 

Mom had a point. Apparently, I can be a bit naive outside of the work, so I've been told by my sisters and a few others recently - jeez! 

"Sam? Can I ask you a question?" 

"Sure, Jamie. Shoot." 

"Am I naive? Or a bit-" Sam cut me off. 

"Ah distracted, by bright and shiny objects? Maybe Jamie, but it's cute," Sam offered with a look on his face that would melt the coldest heart. 

"Ok, thanks," I said, returning to my coffee and last forkful of breakfast. 

A few moments passed. I was just lazily gazing out the window while looking at Sam through the corner of my eye. He seemed...so relaxed with the world, but also, more settled or even adult maybe? Whatever it is, he's damn sexy at it too. I don't know, I've never been a big one for over thinking stuff outside of work. I see enough pain, suffering, and loss there to last me a lifetime. I kind of like my laid-back approach - it is a nice disconnect I've managed to keep. 

"Suppose we had better get this day going, Sam. You have shopping to do, and I've got a few errands to run as well, though I much prefer just sitting here with you," I smiled at Sam. 

"Smooth, Spence, smooth," Sam smiled back at me. 

Standing up from the table and heading over to the counter, I called out to Mike, who had disappeared out back for a moment. He reappeared with his bigger than life grin. 
