 HEADING HOME

Eric and Scotty arrived at the airport on Thursday to take a 9:30 AM flight home. It was a three-hour flight and with the two-hour time difference they would arrive at 2:30. It would be an hour ride home from the airport. They both slept most of the way on the plane and when they arrived home, Scotty invited Eric over on Friday. Eric accepted and went to his house.

He decided to call out for pizza so his mom would not have to cook that night. He figured they could eat pizza while he told them about his trip and showed them pictures of the Bay area. His parents arrived home from work around 6:00 PM and as always, his wise cracking dad had a comment.

"Well, well, the prodigal son returns."

"It's good to see you too dad."

"Oh, you must be starved. I'll get dinner going."

"Relax mom, I called out for pizza. Why don't you both put on some comfy clothes and I'll tell you about my trip."

His parents changed out of their work clothes as Eric served the pizza. He also opened up a bottle of white wine which his mom liked. His dad drank either wine or beer. In fact, his dad drank just about anything. The parents returned to the kitchen table. 

"So, did you and Scotty score any hot chicks?"

"Oh George, you are terrible!"

"It's okay Mom. Actually, we did date a couple of chicks, Traci and Paula. They're in a few of the photos. Dad is it okay if I have a beer?"

"Our Eric all grown up, yeah, sure, have one."

The three ate pizza and Eric told them all about his trip. He showed them the pictures he and Scotty took and his parents were very impressed. When he got to the photos including Traci and Paula, his dad was shocked. 

"You guys went out with those beauties?"

"Yes dad, Traci is Scotty's friend. We stayed at her place. She fixed me up with Paula."

"It is a beautiful place."

"Yes, it is mom and there is so much to do there."

"What about all that gay stuff out there?"

"I don't know dad. They have their own community. I had no reason or interest to be there."

"I hear all the time how gay San Francisco is these days."

"Like I said they have their own neighborhood. I can't imagine that it is much different from New York or Chicago."

"It seems that San Francisco is more vocal."

"Maybe but I didn't hear much. It's probably more for national media. Anyway, we had a great time in a beautiful part of our country. I brought back some sourdough bread which we can have this weekend."

"So, what do you have planned for tomorrow?"

"I'm going to chill out dad. I am exhausted from the trip."

They tidied up after pizza and sat in the family room. Eric's parents watched a couple of no-brainer TV shows and then went to bed. He also retired as he truly was tired from a busy day and a long flight. Tomorrow he would pack most of his clothes and personal items. He would then drop them off and ship them to Traci. His plan was to announce his decision to his parents on Saturday.

FRIDAY WITH SCOTTY

Friday morning was spent boxing his clothes and personal items that he wished to take to California. He brought the boxes to FedEx to be shipped to Traci's address. Eric kept a number of items that he would need over the next five days. It was a big relief for him to make that decision and prepare his announcement to his parents. Before that however, he would spend the day with Scotty.

He arrived at Scotty's place after lunch. They hung out by the pool and discussed Eric's plans. They were both naked as it had become the norm for both of them. It was a hot day so they remained in the shade of the umbrella. Scotty had made a batch of frozen dinks that were tasty but nor too strong.

"Eric, in the course of the time we spent together and then with Traci and Paula did you ever consider doing more?"

"More, like what?"

"Taking a cock in your mouth or maybe in your ass."

"That thought never crossed my mind. I like being on the receiving end of oral sex and I love fucking shapely asses. However, I have no interest in cock."

"I just wondered since you seem to be okay jerking me off."

"You are the only one I have done that. Hey, I love fucking you and I appreciate everything that you have dome for me. You taught me that I would enjoy getting blowjobs and fucking lovely gay asses. You introduced me to Traci and she got me a job in porn. I am thankful for all you have done."

"Okay, I just had to ask. I don't expect more from you. I want to do something different today."

"You do?"

"Yes, I want you to see how many times you can cum without taking your cock out of my ass."

"Out here?"

"No not outside, let's go to my bedroom. We will be more comfortable in bed."

They pick up after themselves by the pool deck and went back in the house. Once in the bedroom, Scotty lay face down on the bed. Eric admired the shapely flawless ass on his neighbor. Scotty handed him the massage oil and wiggled his bottom.

"Why don't you massage my ass first. I know how you love to do that."

"I think that you love it too."

"I do."

Eric went right for the scrumptious bottom as this was not a regular massage request. He poured the fragrant oil directly on the curvy buttocks. Next he rubbed it in lightly savoring the feel of the smooth skin. Scotty's cock was peeking out between his thighs. Eric took it in his oily hand and stroked it. Scotty cooed as his cock was massaged along with his shapely buns. Eric ran one hand over the lovely bottom as he stroked the erect cock. Scotty pushed his butt up giving his cock more room. 

The gorgeous bottom looked even more enticing covered with oil. Eric continued to stroke Scotty's cock as he fondled his ass. Scotty whispered that he was going to cum and cum he did. He fired several streams onto the bedsheets soaking them with his seed. Eric released the spurting cock and used both hands to massage the shapely buttocks. He slipped one hand in the crack and massaged one cheek at a time.

Eric pulled the buttocks apart and stared at the lovely pucker between them. He applied oil directly on the anus and then fingered the rubbery ring. First it was his index finger, then his middle finger and finally both fingers. His cock was throbbing and he could not wait any longer. He straddled his blonde lover and eased his thick cock into the snug passage. 

Even though he had fucked Scotty numerous times, he still took his time and let the ass open up for him. Scotty moaned softly as the meat filled his rectum yet again. Eric moved slowly as he savored the look and feel of his cock sliding in an out of the scrumptious ass. He knew that he was not going to last long as he felt the familiar sensation in his loins.

The surge began, his toes curled and his body stiffened as he unleashed a barrage into the sweet bottom. Scotty cried out that he could feel it and he gripped the spewing cock with his sphincter. Eric felt like he would cum for minutes even though he was done in less than one minute. He stayed in Scotty keeping his weight off the slender body. Only his pubes were pressed against the curvy buns.

"Stay in me and when you are ready fuck me again."

Eric did just that and he had no trouble staying hard in the super fine ass. Scotty continued to grip and release the cock using his sphincter muscle. Eric then began to move again and this time it too longer before he came a second time. When he did cum it was almost as voluminous as his first ejaculation. He could feel his discharge surrounding his cock. That sensation helped him remain hard.

"Can you cum again?"

"Maybe, I think so but it will take a while."

"Let's move to our sides."

Keeping his cock in Scotty, Eric rolled them to their left side. After a brief pause, he began fucking his neighbor in the spoon position. He wrapped his oily hands around the slender blonde and toyed with the stiff nipples. Eric thought back to Traci and Paula and how he liked fondling their titties when he fucked them. Scotty guided one of Eric's hands down to his cock which was erect again. Eric masturbated his neighbor as he continued to fuck him.

Scotty ejaculated a second time and dumped more semen on his bed sheets. Eric went right on fucking him and finally he felt the start of another discharge. His body stiffened and he hugged Scotty as the third ejaculation sent chills through his body. It wasn't a large cum shot but the sensation was just as sensational as the first two. Eric hugged the lovely gay to him as he savored another glorious butt fuck.

"Oh my God, was this ever great. I'm guessing that you can't do four."

"Only if I stay in your ass overnight. This was something, wow!"

Eric's cock softened and he allowed it to slip from the scrumptious bottom. The soft meat slid across Scotty's buttock followed by a trail of semen. The warm seed ran over the curvy cheek and drenched the bed sheet. The two of them were done for the afternoon and Scotty suggested hitting the jacuzzi. The two lovers walked naked out to the hot tub and soaked their exhausted bodies in the warm bubbly water. Of course, Scotty found his favorite jet and used it douche his bottom.

Once they felt rejuvenated, they got out dried off and got dressed. It was time for Eric to head home and Scotty changed his bed sheets. They agreed to see each other again on Monday. Eric was flying out on Wednesday so he and Scotty would hook up the two days before. 

SATURDAY - BREAKING THE NEWS 

Saturday morning after breakfast Eric told his parents of his plans to move to San Francisco. They were both surprised and there were two reactions as expected. His mom offered.

"Oh dear, we will miss you but I can see why you fell in love with the area."

"Why do you want to live there? What about college? How can you afford it?"

"Dad, you saw how beautiful it is out there. I have already been offered a job and I have applied to college there. I'll start with a junior college and after two years I will have an Associate Degree. If I decided to go on, all the credits are transferable to a four-year school. California has a great system."

"Where will you live?"

"First, I'm staying at Traci's place until I find my own. She knows the area really well and she is going to help me."

"Traci, the babe in the photo."

"Yes dad, the babe in the photo."

"Well then, I wouldn't be in too much of a hurry to find your own place."

"So, do I have your blessing? I will be home for the holidays just as I would if I were in college here."

"I guess so. Seems as if you have your mind made up."

"I do but I would like your support too."

"You have it. How will you get your stuff out there?"

"I had it shipped on Friday. I'm just bringing clothes and some personal items."

"Already one step ahead, when do you leave?"

"I'm flying out Wednesday. School and the job start on Monday."

"Well, all I can say is good luck but please be careful out there."

"I will thank you both."

"We should have a dinner celebration tonight."

"Could we do that tomorrow night? I have a date with Marilyn tonight."

"Tomorrow it is then."

"Great!"

It had gone much easier than Eric had anticipated. He was sure that it was because he was staying with Traci and that his dad thought she was hot. If he ever knew that Traci and Paul were ladyboys he would have had a coronary. Eric spent the rest of the day making final preparations for his move. He was looking forward to being with Marilyn that night. She loved to fuck and he had not fucked a pussy in weeks. Once he began filming, he would be having sex with women as well as gay bottoms. Marilyn would be a good refresher of what fucking pussy was like. 

That night, Eric fucked Marilyn twice cumming in her pussy both times. She liked oral and anal sex too but she preferred vaginal intercourse. She was surprised but happy for him when he told her of his plans to move. He promised to look her up each time he came home.

On Sunday, Eric helped his dad with some home projects. Later he celebrated his move over dinner with his parents. They went to his favorite Italian restaurant and had a marvelous meal. In a way his dad now acted proud of Eric and his decision to go out on his own. Eric could only imagine what his father's reaction would be if he knew the truth. 

MONDAY, TUESDAY THEN DEPARTURE

Both Monday and Tuesday mornings, Eric did some chores around the house. The afternoons he spent at Scotty's. He fucked his neighbor poolside, in the jacuzzi and in the bedroom. Scotty would miss the big cock but only for a few days as he too was returning to college and reuniting with his friends. They agreed to hook up when they were both home for Thanksgiving.

On Wednesday, Eric caught a 9:00 AM flight to San Francisco. It was a four-hour flight but with the time change, he would arrive at 11:00 AM PDT. An hour later he was at Traci's apartment. She was thrilled to see him and she had lunch waiting for him. Traci greeted him with the European kiss on both cheeks which really wasn't a kiss. The cheeks touched as the lips blew the kiss into the air. After he ate, she laid out the plans.

"Okay, good news, I got Paula to work for me tonight. So, I have today and tomorrow off to get you set up. Today we will get you a cell phone and open a checking account for you with a debit card. Since you are not 21, I will have to underwrite the account for you."

"Thanks!"

"No problem, Now I have to discuss something else with you. I was thinking that you should stay with me for a longer period of time. I like you and I would like a roommate again. Paula used to be my roommate."

"Are you sure?"

"I am and given that we will need to pick up a bed, dresser and some bath supplies. We can go shopping today. Let's look at the bedroom, it's small but can handle a twin bed, small dresser and nightstand."

Eric followed Traci to the second bedroom. She was right it was small. He noticed the boxes and his stuff had arrived. 

"I put your hang up clothes in the closet. Your other clothes are still folded up in the box. You will use the half-bath for general cleanup and shaving. You will use my bath to shower and bathe."

"Okay!"

"The only time that you will need to sleep in the small bedroom is if one of us is sick. Another reason may be if you have an early morning shoot and I work late the night before and want to sleep in."

"Sounds good!"

"So, do you agree to be my roommate?"

"Absolutely, I assume will share the expenses."

"Right 50/50, oh another thing. Now that you agreed to stay here, you need to join the fitness club that is nearby. The studio will want you to stay in tip top shape and keep that muscular masculine look. The club is close enough to walk to it."

"Boy you sure have thought of everything. I am very grateful."

"You can show me how grateful you are later. Right now, let's run our errands."

That afternoon, Eric opened up a checking account and would receive checks and a debit card in the mail. He picked up a cell phone and they bought towels, washcloths and other sundry items for the half bath. They picked out a bed, dresser and night table that would be delivered in a week. Lastly, he joined the fitness center. They returned to the apartment and Eric's head was spinning everything happened so quickly. Traci was very efficient. 

They were not very hungry so she put out some cheese and crackers. They shared a bottle of wine. Later Traci was anxious to feel that big cock in her ass again. She douched her ass as she always did before and after sex. Eric was turned on by her luscious bottom and he was hard in an instant. She lay face down in her bed and handed him a fragrant oil.

"I want you to massage my ass first and finger my anus."

Once again, Eric got to massage and fondle a scrumptious bottom. He loved doing it and it was great foreplay. The way Traci was spread out on the bed, her small cock and testicles with out of sight. He massaged her smooth flawless ass for nearly 15 minutes until they both could not take anymore foreplay. 

"Eric, I'm ready. Nice and slow, please."

Eric hovered above the petite ladyboy, lowered his body and eased his stiff dick into the receptive ass. It was a marvelous sight to watch his spongy dickhead spread the rubbery ring and disappear into the warm chute. He slowly fed the thick shaft into the snug passage. Soon his pubes were touching the glorious globes as he was buried balls deep in the fantastic bottom. Traci cooed and called out in her soft voice.

"Oh, agh, oh fuck!"

Eric began his movements and he would pull his cock almost all the way out and then ease it back in all the way. One time he pulled out by mistake and quickly reentered Traci. He found that he liked it and purposely did it several more times. He loved watching his cock reenter the scrumptious ass time and time again. Finally, he felt he ball sac tighten and then he unleashed a massive load into her receptive ass. 

"Oh my God, I feel it. I love it when you cum in me. Keep your cock in me, push your cum around in me."

If there was every any doubt about becoming her roommate, it was put aside. Eric knew that he would be able to fuck this ass as many times as she wanted it. He kept his weight off of her with his hands on either side of her body. She used her sphincter to massage his thick cock and he stayed hard. Traci now wanted to cum but she couldn't reach her cock pressed into the mattress. 

"Let's move to our sides. I need to cum too."

They rolled to their sides with Eric keeping his cock in her ass. He looked over her shoulder and saw the slender 5" erect dick. She grabbed it and masturbated until she shot her load on the bed. Eric reached up and fondled her cute titties as he resumed fucking her. He loved playing with her little breasts and stiff nipples. He ejaculated into her bottom a second time and she cooed loudly. 

Traci's cock was still hard and this time Eric reached for it. She shivered with delight as he touched her cock for the first time. As he did with Scotty, he stroked her pecker until she ejaculated a second time. They remained in the spoon position with his cock still in her ass for several minutes. Traci then suggested they have a drink and they moved out of bed. She quickly douched her ass and they both put on shorts.

They went back to the small living room and sat together on the sofa enjoying another glass of wine. Traci looked so darling with her cute titties on display. She had not put on a tee, just shorts. They relaxed with the wine and before long she curled up and placed her head in his lap. He stroked her silky hair and toyed with her breasts.

"You like my titties, don't you?"

"I love them. They are so cute."

Traci felt his cock harden near her head and smiled. She knew he would fuck her again when they went back to bed. A half-hour later, they went back to bed. It was another massage first and then another butt fuck. This time Traci was on her knees with her head on the mattress. Eric took longer to cum a third time but he enjoyed fondling her luscious cheeks the entire time. After he came in her ass again, she quickly douched and returned to bed. They cuddled in the spoon position and slept soundly. Eric had arrived.