 After our night of beer in beautiful warm El Paso, some surprise tequila and enough Mexican food to feed a small army, I thought I'd catch up with another buddy of mine that was in the fire service out here - Anthony. 

We'd meet two years ago when he was on secondment in Australia in what turned out to be a particularly bad fire season back home. We'd formed a close friendship and remained in contact through email and social media. I promised that if I was over this way I'd call in, and he'd beaten me to the meet up call. Apparently, he'd been following my adventures and video posts on my Facebook feed each day. 

I think my comment 'for all those following at home' was well received, with loads of suggestions to go here and there as we headed along Interstate 10. Not to mention their want for souvenirs - family! So... beers at Anthony place tonight after a day of sightseeing for Lucas and me, plus some awesome video for the diary too. 

It was a great night, sitting around, talking shit and catching up with Anthony and his now-wife, Maree. She is a fantastic woman - true southern girl, all sweet and accommodating, but don't ever cross her or answer back else, well y'all let's just say 'extinction level event' would be heading your way. 

I had my hands full politely dodging all the sticky questions about my ex-wife. "So, Jamie, Anthony tells me that you've made some big changes in your life. How's single life going?" Maree asked with a well-knowing smile on her face. "I have to say, and I'm sorry for butting into your business, but you are better off without her. I can't say that we saw eye to eye from day one, and that whole scene she started up at Christmas dinner was... well, sad, and your poor momma and daddy, Jamie, I felt so bad for y'all. Your ex was being just plain... unreasonable." 

I grimaced somewhat remembering that Christmas dinner, it was like death by a thousand cuts. "Unfortunately, Maree, for my family and friends, that was the case most of the time. She had the skill of alienating people - even my sister and her kids stayed away when we were at family gatherings. That's why I worried in the end doing family stuff with Tracey around - the feeling of dread I felt waiting for the shit she'd do that would ultimately fuck the day up for everyone because of my wife. I guess she had a particular way about her." 

As the night went on, a few more beers, Lucas was busily snapchatting away. I looked over towards him. "Hey buddy, you okay?" 

"All good, brother." Lucas looked up. "How about another beer, Jamie, please?" he asked with a wink and smile, then he was head down back into it. 

Anthony and Maree, looked over and laughed. "Someone has his attention? You two boys look and act like brothers more than cousins, don't you think Anthony?" 

Maree smiled ever so sweetly while looking at me but throwing that to Anthony. "Look, Lucas has the same look on his face that Jamie had a while ago. Hmmm... who were you so busily messaging before anyways Jamie?". 

"Ummm, well..." Josh if the truth be known. 

Anthony dived in and saved my ass. "So, Jamie, how's the job going back home? Are you still being blocked by that asshole District Manager?" 

"Well, yes and no on that front." I brought him up to date with the all the goings-on between the OM and ACO with the associated blood-in-the-water that goes with all firefighter politics. "On a good note, just as I was boarding my flight over here, I got word of my acceptance to the Commander's course." I couldn't hide the smile that wrapped my face. 

So started the not so subtle recruitment campaign. "Jamie," Anthony jumped out of his chair with a huge smile on his face and shook my hand. "You should put in for a placement here. Once you've finished your course, buddy you'd kill it over here. Your skills in brush, grassland and urban interface fire - what a great opportunity for you to start fresh." 

That broke Lucas out of his messaging frenzy, looking genuinely surprised. "What - you're getting promoted? You didn't tell me that. Fantastic buddy - you deserve it." Lucas did a small double take. "Jamie, didn't Tom say that you guys were in recruits or college - something at the same time or other?" 

"Yeah, but he got promoted quicker than me. That's how he ended up here and a captain in the LA County FD." I was feeling a bit down when rethinking that. Thanks Simon Kelsey you Son-of-a-bitch! 

"Anyway, thanks Anthony for the glowing reference, but I think I'm happy in Oz. I've just bought my own place and an investment property too." 

"We have standards here too, Anthony, remember." Lucas yelled out from the other side of the deck area, whilst balancing an empty beer bottle on his nose without success, he did manage to catch it in his hand before it hit the floor although. 

"Yeah, really - standards?" I shot back pointing at Lucas. 

"You two are hilarious, Jamie - more like brothers and close friends?" Anthony threw in. 

At that we both went "Ew ... my dad and your mom," I countered looking at Lucas. 

With his "Wha...? What's wrong with my Mom? How about your Mom with my Dad?" 

At that we both went "Yuck!!" in unison "NO WAY!!" I think it was more the thought of our parents having sex, really. 

Anthony didn't seem to be convinced with my 'thanks but no thanks'. I could see the cogs ticking over in his head. 

"No, Anthony!" (Which he ignored.) 

..o0o.. 

Originally, we had only planned to spend a day plus our arrival in El Paso. I was keen to get closer to some family in Austin, TX, plus there are a few pride events coming up further east soon, and I've never been to any. So, I am keen to have a look-see. Anthony had other plans and wasn't taking to the whole secondment, 'thanks but no-thanks' idea at all, which I was to find out the next day. 

"Jamie, this is our district Chief." 

I stuck out my hand, "Good afternoon, Sir. Nice to meet you." My years of training kicked straight back in: whilst I wasn't in uniform, so no saluting, I instinctively came to attention when I shook the chief's hand. 

I thought we were just going to have a look around his station, you know like firefighters do. Can't go past an opportunity to have a look at the appliances. Seems Anthony had other ideas. 

"So, Firefighter Spence, Jamie. Anthony here tells me that you're one of the guys he served with in Australia during the Alpine Fire Campaign?" 

"Ah, yes Sir, I was in the same team as Anthony. He's a fantastic firefighter and mixed in well with us." I smiled at Anthony who was looking on like a kid watching for the candy to drop from somewhere. 

"Anthony told us all how you were his sector commander a few times in very challenging conditions, Jamie." 

I smiled an uncomfortable smile. I felt like I'd just been busted for trying to downplay my role with Anthony. Well, I guess that's what I just did though, right? 

"Come into my office here so we can talk. Anthony tells me that you're about to go on promotion and then will be eligible to participate in the inter-service program, but you need some convincing on how this would be a good career move for you." 

The Chief ushered us both into his office and closed the door, commencing a ninety-minute explanation of why this would be good for me and his fire service. It felt somewhat like a cross between a job interview and sales pitch at the same time. I'm not going to say that I didn't come out of the meeting with some thoughts about it and promised the boss that I'd consider it once and if I get through my course successfully. 

After saying goodbye to Anthony and Maree, with loads of promises to catch-up again soon, I offered them a place at my new house at Christmas of they wanted some warmth. Maree happily replied, "I enjoy the cooler months in Texas. It's nice to get out of triple figures for a while, Jamie, and Christmas in Australia was like a mid-June here. But we'll see, okay?" 

"No problems," I replied, and with that, handshakes and kisses all round, Lucas and I climbed into the truck after we repacked it somewhat, our extra purchases along - okay, cases of wine for family back home and to keep us going too - but they were slipping about and needed some attention. 

"Jamie..." Lucas inclined his head in my direction as we pulled away from Anthony and Maree's. 

"Yeah, Lucas." 

"You know you were totally set up yesterday at Anthony's station house, right?" 

"Yes, I know." As I turned and looked out the window as the houses started to fade out to open grasslands. 

..o0o.. 

"Ah-ha! He's awake! Morning, Lucas. Welcome to the land of the living." 

Lucas just plain ignored my smartass comments and moved on. 

"Well, we've got the family covered with all the wine we bought, Jamie. Shit - how many wineries did we stop at on the way down south? It felt like a dozen." 

"Easily." I replied. 

Lucas started to laugh, "That guy at the last place, Rory wasn't it?" 

Yeah, "Ready Rory." At that we both burst out laughing. 

"Ready, that's for sure! Shit, Jamie, that guy almost stripped you with his eyes when we walked." 

"I know, right? The guy would look at home on a ranch somewhere. Did you see the size of his..." Lucas looked at me like I was about to give him the missile launch codes. The look on his face was shocked, to say the least. 

"Hands Lucas, hands-was what I was going to say. Geez buddy, get your mind out of the gutter." 

Lucas smiled and looked out the windshield as we watched the landscape change before our eyes. After some time enjoying the quiet and relaxing, Lucas decided that we needed some music so started to fiddle with the wheel controls cranking up a new playlist we'd put together in Phoenix last week. 

"Yes, I can't get enough of this new song 'High Hopes- Panic! at the disco' - love it." I was gently rocking away to the music, sipping on my soda. I needed some sugar to fuel me up. 

Fresh from swapping drivers for the run into Austin, Lucas looked totally at home driving my truck. It was a nice warm day out - loads of sunshine, with the Vintage styled 'Oakley frog skins I'd bought us both in Phoenix earning their money today. "Hey, before we know it Jamie, we'll be pulling into Aiden and Mandy's drive with a nice home-cooked meal waiting for us." 

"I know, right?" I turned to Lucas with a smile. "What - we are now like only a few hours away, right? I'd prefer beer and pizza, really. It's nice of your brother and his wife to put us up for a few days, right?" 

"Yeah, Mandy went nuts at me when I told her and Aiden that we were just going to stay at an Air B'n'B apartment. She was telling me all about the new house they'd just bought in West Lake Hills and all the space they had - we'd be no trouble. Plainly, she wasn't taking no for an answer. We're staying at their place." 

"I know. I remember the ear bashing she gave me, Lucas. Why did you give her my number anyway? Shit man, we're in this together, remember." 

"Nope, I didn't give her anything Jamie. It was your Mom." 

I shook my head with a smile. "Goddamn, my mom is... jeez... she is truly everywhere." 

"I know, I know." Lucas half-smiled, "You need to slip free from her apron strings." 

"You reckon!" I replied with some frustration in my voice. "If it's not mom telling me how to live my life and hovering over me, it's that ass ex-father-in-law at work making my career a shambles! Fuck, look at Tom - he's a bloody captain here and we went through recruits together. And let's not forget Steph." 

"No one forgets Steph, well not at their own peril anyways," Lucas replied, then started to laugh. 

Laughing, I just looked out the window. The wide-open country side had slowly given way to more and more housing. There was still lots of farmland around, but the city sure has grown since I was here last, eight years ago. 

..o0o.. 

"Hey, thanks for swapping drivers, Lucas. Think I had reached my limit." 

"No worries, buddy. I enjoyed the nap from Fredericksburg to here." 

As we pulled back on the highway and cruised along, it was all very chilled out in the truck. We'd just refuelled the truck at Chevron, and made a stop at Grape Creek Vineyard and Pizzas. 

"Jamie, those pizzas were amazing." 

"I know, right, and more booze too - maybe we can pay your Aiden for our accommodation in booze - what ya think, Lucas?" 

"Yumm - wouldn't mind opening a few bottles tonight with my brother and sis-in law." Lucas smiled at me, nodding his head to the music playing. 

Grabbing my cell I flicked through the playlist, finding my saved monster dance hits. I looked down and started to shuffle thought the playlist. "Come on Lucas, let's get some real tune-." 

Next second, all I heard was Lucas yell out, "OH FUCK!" Looking up from my cell phone, movement caught my eye. "FUCK," I echoed. Another car came at us side-on, slammed into our truck. It was like slow motion - everything, time, just slowed down. Before I knew it contents of the centre console flew sideways over me. I felt my body slip sideways towards the door and window side glass, as the seatbelt pretensioners grabbed tight. 

The sound the car made as it impacted the truck was like a bomb going off. I'm still not sure if it was the impact of that or the sound of the front and side airbags deploying, but the last thing I remember was a huge bang and smoke everywhere. 

I lost consciousness for a few seconds - Christ, it could have been hours I have no idea. The pain of my head bouncing, flopping about like a rag doll, smacking against my chest and then shoulder, the impacts bought me back to consciousness. 

As I opened my eyes the cabin was a wreck, stuff everywhere. Silent but loud ringing in my ears at the same time. I could head in the distance hissing, - must be the sound of the other car's cooling system venting - the hot burned smell of anti-freeze, the smell the actuators, the fire the airbags make, coupled with the corn-starch powder, hanging in the air. 

I was in sensory overload - all information flowing into my head and I couldn't process shit. The scene surrounding me was pretty much like what I would see at work, but obviously I was seeing it from the other side. It was all getting too much for me, overwhelming . I was confused, then... it all went dark. 

Lights on, everything in my head reeling about, someone has hit the rewind, fast-forward buttons in my head, like those movies almost, maybe that's where they got the idea, what the hell am I talking about. Someone called out for help. 

I must have passed out. As I rolled my head around a bit trying to get my eyes to focus and brain to come off snooze mode, the destruction in the cabin looked the same as before. My senses were slowly kicking in, intermittently though, it was like I was half-drunk. 

An overwhelming thought ran through, my own voice in my head like a recorded loop was 'No - not again. I'm not going to let anything happened to Lucas.' The cabin started to spin. I swallowed - it tasted awful. 'I can't lose anyone else in an MVA. No, please god, not again.' 

I jerked in my seat. I'm back here again - must have passed out, again. This can't be a dream, can it? Wow, if it is, fuck me - it's a realistic one! Maybe I should try and pinch myself and wake up. I tried to move my arm - nothing. 

"Austin - Travis County 9-1-1 do you need police-fire or EMS." A voice echoed through the cabin. 

911 assist must have automatically dialed the operator - Thank you Josh. It was the voice of the operator that had bought me back to consciousness. 

"Hello, is there anyone there?" the voice said again somewhat urgently. "Austin - Travis County 9-1-1 do you need police fire or EMS." 

I was still trying to focus on what was happening around me, the cabin was still full of smoke and corn-starch dust, uncommon sounds and smells, it was just confusing me. Finally, I was able to focus my mid-somewhat. I felt like I was back in the driver's seat in my head somewhat. 

'Come-on Jamie, fuck-sake, speak.' "I need," I croaked out, swallowing to try and refocus - shit, that tastes bad. 

"Hello is someone there, this is the 9-1-1 operator." 

"I need,"- pausing for a second to take a breath, I felt like I'd run a marathon, badly - "EMS, I need EMS, and Fire." 

"Okay Sir-" 

I spoke over the top of the operator. My thinking was impaired and breathing too. By the time I needed to stop and start talking, my timing and responses were just overlapping. "We've been in-a, in-a MVA." 

"Okay, sir. Where are you? Do you know your location?" 

I started to cough. My brain came alive as I could taste that coppery sensation in my mouth. I was bleeding and swallowing it - can't be all that good. 

"Sir, are you there?" 

"I'm not... I'm not sure where we are," I uttered, taking a breath to keep talking. 

It was becoming harder to speak. I was still trying to get my mind, mouth and senses in the same sync, but failing to at all. 

"I think... were on highway... 290 East." The world started to spin again. 'Fuck! Where is Lucas?' 

Oh my god, where were we when I looked up last? I was trying to remember. "Somewhere near Cedar Valley, I think..." My voice trailed away. 

The operator's reply came quick-fire. "Can you see anything around you, sir? Any land marks or buildings?" 

A few groaning sounds came from the driver's side of the cabin, "Lucas!" I turned my head some to get a closer look at him. Relief swept over me for a moment, seeing that the windshield hadn't been perforated by a 165-pound sun-bleached, brown-headed projectile. Thank god he'd been wearing his seat belt. His head was slumped forward and to the side, there was blood dripping from his nose and the side of his face. I couldn't see where it was coming from - the cut or whatever was on the left-hand side of his head. 

Everything was starting to speed up a little - my senses were like a PC after a reboot, slowly coming back up. "I can see a gas station," I called out, lifting my head some. "A Chevron gas station." 

My eyes started to search the wreckage that was the cabin surrounding me. I was looking, trying to find my cell to get our latitude / longitude position, but I couldn't see my cell. Lucas' breathing was sounding rattled - he needed help. 

I could see movement in the distance, people running over to us. Behind them was a sign - Southstar Bank - "I can see a sign - it says Southstar Bank." 

The operator had heard me and pounced on the vague ramblings of the crashed Aussie. 

"Okay sir, we've got you. You're on highway 290E. We've got the location of the Chevron gas station and the Southstar Bank. You're in Southwest Austin. We have EMS on their way. Now stay with me, sir." 

Reaching across, I grabbed Lucas's wrist and felt for a pulse. He was alive. Thank fuck! I let out a breath, but his pulse was thready and erratic. I could feel tears picking my eyes. 

"Is there anyone in the car with you, sir? Who is Lucas? You keep saying Lucas?" 

"My cousin, Lucas." My voice training away again, painfully I swallowed. It's getting harder to focus - I must fight it - I need to stay awake for Lucas - I need to get him help. 

"Lucas... he's unconscious, but breathing," I mumbled out. 

"He has," I tried to look closer at him. "He has blood dripping from his nose, and the side of his face." 

"Okay, sir. What's your name, please?" 

"Jamie." 

"Okay Jamie. Is Lucas conscious? Is he awake?" 

"No, he's slumped forward against the seat belt." 

"Alright Jamie, stay with me. Can you see anything with Lucas? Is he bleeding?" 

"I can see it running down his neck." I needed to take a breath - just speaking was becoming harder and harder. I had that familiar feeling - broken ribs for sure, I self-diagnosed, you know, because three-quarters dazed and in shock, you're in total cognitive control, right? 
