 "Hey Jamie," Ben mumbled out, half asleep... finally. He looked cute all sleepy with his head resting on my shoulder. 

I couldn't help but smile to myself. I think Ben was super excited about traveling overseas for the first time or "abroad" as he put it. He struggled to just chill out on the flight. He did finally get some sleep for a little bit - thank god. Going abroad, such a British way of speaking. Some of the stuff that comes out of his mouth at times, he's a surprise and a half. 

Ben ... well I too ... hardly slept a wink on the first half of the flight - wasn't until I got us both a few JD's and coke under his belt that he got all sleepy, drifting off against my shoulder. 

Cattle class isn't the most comfortable at the best of times, all crammed into our seats like sardines on a plane, although it was nice to drift in and out of consciousness with Ben curled up against me. 

Finally, in what only seemed moments since I'd closed my eyes, the lights in the cabin came back up. Slowly everyone started to wake up and move around. Gently I shook Ben's shoulder. "Good morning sunshine! Did you enjoy your nap?" Ben's face had that sleepy cuteness going on. 

"Oh hey, Jamie. How long did I sleep for? Are we almost there...?" Ben had that little kid that's just woken up - you know that all dopey, not quite focused on what's happening around - look. 

"Yeah, you've been out for about three hours." The look of shock on Ben's face was hilarious. "Hey Tex," I smiled cheekily at him, leaning in closer. "When we land, let's head to the club lounge. We can use the showers there to freshen up a little, okay? Just in case you're wondering I wasn't planning on having my shower alone..." I wiggled my eyebrows suggestively ... "that's for sure." 

"What - are we going to-get-it-on in every country we visit?" Ben's face warped into a smile. 

I flashed a devilish smile at him. "That was my plan." 

The hustle and bustle of the cabin and other passengers snapped us back to the here and now. We had both unfortunately slept through the last meal's service. Our stomachs were growling at each other. "Shoot Jamie, I really need to eat something. By the sounds of it, I'm not alone," Ben reached over and patted my very empty and noisy stomach. 

"Yeah, let's get off the aircraft and find some food, hey, then showers." 

Getting off the aircraft and thru customs wasn't too hard. As we walked up to the passport control counter, one of the officers smiled and waved me over. "Come on Ben, let's go here," pointing to the... well hot is the only way I could describe the guy. Ben followed along - his head was swivelling around taking in the surroundings to the tune of our stomachs still growling. 

"God, I need food Jamie!!" 

..o0o.. 

I politely smiled and handed my passport over the counter, "Guten Morgen - Good Morning", the hottie behind the counter smiled and looked between Ben and me. 

"Guten Morgen beabsichtigen Sie, sehr lange in DeutschLand zu bleiben, Herr Spence?- 

Good morning do you intend to stay in Germany very long, Mr Spence?" 

The hot guy continued to look at my passport. 

"Wir, mein Freund und ich. Sind nur für den einen Tag hier, dann weiter nach Frankreich. (We, my friend and I, are only here for the one day, then on to France.) I pointed between Ben and me. 

It was clear to anyone watching that Ben didn't speak German at all. He had the whole deer in the headlights look happening, plus that and my failure to mention that I spoke German had him a little freaked out. 

"Jamie," Ben placed his hand on my shoulder, "is everything okay?" A look of concern was slowly crossing Ben's face. "When did you learn German? You never mentioned it before." 

I turned slightly sideways to face Ben. "I learned German at high school. I did a couple of languages. Sorry I never even thought to mention it. It's all okay. 'Lukas' here is just asking how long are we staying, just normal stuff." Relief washed over his face. 

As 'Lukas' I read his Id tag, smiled a little. Leaning closer to the screen between us, "spricht Ihr Freund Deutsch, Herr Spence? - does your friend speak German, Mr Spence? 

"Nein, aber ich kann für ihn übersetzen, wenn du mich auch brauchst- No but I can translate for him if you need me too. 

I saw a glint, almost wink in Lukas' eyes for a second, "Sie sehen sehr müde aus, vielleicht kann ich Ihnen einen Platz vorschlagen, um sich auszuruhen und ein Bier zu bekommen? - You look very tired. Maybe I can suggest a place for you to get some rest and beer? 

"Meine Schicht endet in einer Stunde, du könntest deinen Freund in einem Hotel ablegen und mich an einer Bar treffen, die ich kenne. Bock Haben? - My shift ends in one hour, you could drop your friend at a hotel and meet me at a bar I know, if you want?" 

I could feel my face flush a little. I tried to keep a straight face. "Das ist sehr nett, aber Nein, das ist meine... Das ist meine Freund. That is very kind but no, this is my... This is my boyfriend." 

Lukas smiled, "Can I have your passport please," looking at Ben speaking perfect English. Ben and I looked at each other in shock, as he handed his passport over as well. "You are staying for one day only, Mr Rush?" 

"Ah yes," Ben's voice was a little unsteady. 

After a few keystrokes, Lukas handed us both back our passports, "Enjoy your time in Germany, goodbye." And with that we were through. My mind was spinning a little. What just happened? He was hitting on me, cheeky bugger. 

"I can't believe how much nicer the border-customs staff were to you, Jamie." A look of surprise was still on Ben's face. "It was like when they saw your Australian Passport, they couldn't do enough to help us, which is great, I guess." 

Ben's eye narrowed a little. "I'm kind of feeling a little out of my depth here now. Plus, when you started talking to that tall blonde border guy - Lukas right? - it seemed like he was almost flirting with you or something?" 

"It's because they think we're a country of guys on the beach, cooking shrimps on the BBQ, ha-ha." 

Ben just rolled his eyes and smiled. "It's because you're all so, outdoorsy... sexy." 

"Well my, thank you, Ben, so kind. And yeah you were right, he, Lukas, was trying to flirt. He asked me out for a drink when he finished his shift." Ben's face flushed for a second. But I told him that you were my boyfriend, he backed off. Anyways, there is no way I'd do something like that to you, Ben... ever...okay?" Ben smiled and shook his head. Taking the opportunity, I slapped him on the ass and ran off towards the club lounges where the change rooms were. 

I could see that Ben was trying not to show his inner emotions, but I think I saw a little flash of 'green eyed jealousy' come over him for a second, I decided to play it down, as it was harmless enough, and I meant it. I wouldn't do that too him ever. 'I think-well I know - the whole Sam thing-what happened in LA - taught me a huge lesson. Plus, I really like Ben, not that I didn't like Sam-I did. Just the connection to Ben is, stronger...different. 

As we slipped into one of the private bathrooms, which I think were designed for one person, but anyways, I was given one of those thousand-watt smiles. "So what did you want to do in here again Jamie?" 

..o0o.. 

"Oh god, Jamie, that was a fantastic idea. I feel so much better after that shower and food." 

"You forgetting something Ben?" 

"Yeah okay, the sex was red hot too." 

"Come on Ben, we've got twenty-two hours left here, let's get out and see the place. What do you want to see first?" 

"Maybe some sexy German guys in those shorts and suspenders?" an eat-shit grin spread across his face. "Let's find a traditional clothes store and I'll buy you a Christmas present you can wear for me." 

"Yeah right, and you can kiss my ass - I'd look like an idiot." I smirked at Ben as we walked through the terminal building. 

"Your ass would look fantastic in those shorts! Come on Jamie, please." Ben whined. 

"Maybe... we'll see. First, let's get our asses to the ticket booth and get these transport cards sorted." 

After buying our 'Frankfurt cards' we hopped on the train directly to the Städel Museum. The only way to describe this place is 'amazing' - everything from paintings and modern art from 1300's to today. 

From there, it was a short walk wandering through the city and along the river. "My god, Jamie! This place is so beautiful! You'd think that Germany would be all clinical and plain, you know because the Germans are so efficient and procedural, right?" 

"Yeah, I know, but there is so much to them and their country. You should see Berlin and Munich - just beautiful. It wasn't what I expected. The only way to describe those cities is, beautiful!! I've never seen so many beautiful parks, gardens and old buildings." 

Walking along the riverside was just amazing - the warm sun on us, people just going about their business, with laughter and occasional music from parties along the water - it was just the perfect day, really. I couldn't have planned it better if I'd tried. 

We came to a stop at a little bakery, desperate for some food again. After talking to the staff inside in my least rusty German, I think the girl behind the counter took pity on us because we seemed to come out with a pile of food that I don't remember fumbling my way thru ordering - but what the hell? 

We sat down on a garden bench across the roadway from the bakery, enjoying the warm sunshine and proceeded to munch our way through our selection of local treats. 

The only sounds were from Ben: "Goddamn! Delicious! I wouldn't have believed it, Jamie, if I hadn't seen it for myself. This has totally changed my opinion of Germany." 

"Wait till we get to the beer halls and the gingerbread houses..." 

Ben looked at me like I was mad, "The what you say... Gingerbread houses?" 

"Well okay, they're not actually gingerbread houses you can eat, they just look like it." Ben laughed, stood holding his hand out for me to follow. We walked off, Ben still shaking his head at my description. He was looking around like his head was on a swivel pole - it was like this the first time I came to Germany. 

As we continued our around-a-city-in-a-day journey, we wandered around the city centre and made our way to the Eschenheimer Turm, the old part of the city. It's one of the last parts of the old medieval defences of the city that remain past the 1800's. Ben's description and mine too was starting to sound like a broken record - "wow, just amazing." 

Walking up behind Ben, wrapping my hand around his waist and pulling him back a little towards me, gently I placed a kiss on his neck and paused for a moment, taking in the surroundings and Ben too - one of those deep memories you'll hold onto forever no matter what the future holds for us. 

Just in front of us, a group of locals walked past and offered to take a picture of us with the old ramparts behind us. "Vielen Dank, dass es sehr nett ist, ja bitte," yes thank you, that is very kind. 

I think that is what I said, quickly offering my phone and they clicked away so I must have been somewhere right, ha-ha. 

During the conversation, I was able to kick off, using my high school German ( wow - Frau Jorgen would have been proud of me. See Frau, I was listening... sometimes.) 

We got chatting to the two couples that stopped, Peter and Mia, and Michael - Mitt for short - and his girlfriend, Lina, were keen to show us around the city. Thankfully they spoke fluent English so I didn't have to try out my German too much and leave Ben out of the conversation. 

"Jamie, du sprichst Deutsch gut, (Jamie, you speak German well)," Mitt smiled as I tried to work out what he said. When I smiled after decoding it, he burst out laughing. "You have to speak more German today. While you're here, it will help you get better. You are doing very well, considering you have not used it for a long time, no?" 

"Years, Mitt, years." 

"It got a good working out at the airport this morning though, Jamie?" I felt my face light with a little bit of embarrassment. At least Ben was cool with the flirty stuff from Lukas - it could have gone so badly, but a lot to be said in just owning it, the flirting, from the get go. Anyway, it's not like I didn't tell Lukas that I was with Ben - I thought I made it pretty clear from the start. Couldn't help but laugh at Mitt's encouragement though. These four are really nice, damn, and we just met them randomly. How's that happen? 

"Jamie, you sound really good, like a local," Ben smiled. "Take Mitt up on his offer while we're here. You sound cute but weird-as Jamie." 

I wasn't quite sure how to take that and gave Ben a curious smile. "I mean you lose your Australian accent completely when you speak German." 

Peter and the rest of them nodded along with Ben. Apparently, it was so weird to hear my Aussie accent come back when I spoke English that it seemed even stronger when switching between German and English. Well, duh... 

After ragging on me about English v German, we all headed off for some late lunch - well, a really late lunch as it was 5 pm local time now. So, I guess it's more an early dinner or something. Whatever, I need food. The feast we had at the bakery had filled us up more than I thought. Normally, I would have been dying of hunger by now without food. As we walked along, everyone was talking over each other almost. The girls were teaching Ben some basic phrases in German - I caught a few phrases they were teaching him - they sounded sexy too, something about riding me like a stallion, which caused me to turn my head and smile a very suggestive smile at him. It worked too - Ben's face lit up like the sky on July 4th. 

The four Germans were amazed that I was from Australia and Ben the US and wanted to know how we met up, you know, being from opposite sides of the planet. Reasonable, I guess. "It's a long story, guys - totally by accident." I smiled at Ben for a second. "But if we find beer and food, I'd tell you the whole thing. Okay, I'm starved!" 

Ben chimed in. "It's a story and a half, but I need some food too." 

..o0o.. 

"Okay," Mitt grabbed Lina's hand "Kommen Sie auf - Let's go (Come on let's go)." We headed off, wandering down the backstreets that looked like they were out of a storybook: the old section of the city we were in was all cobblestone roads and narrow little sidewalks with pretty flowers outside some shops. Others had ultra-modern décor going on, but it all worked well. 

Mitt and Lina promised that the place we were looking for was just around the corner and they were right. The street opened out to a small courtyard with all these really cool and pretty shops. I'd mentioned to Peter that I wanted to get something as a surprise for Ben. Thankfully Ben didn't speak a word of German, so Peter and Mia told me where the shop was that I needed. 

"Hey, Texas!"- Peter had given Ben a nickname because of his southern drawl, plus he overheard me call Ben 'Tex" a couple of times, I think. "You can come with Mia and me. We will show you the shops. Leave the Kangaroo here." 

They all burst into laughter. "Kangaroo... really!" I couldn't help but laugh - it was funny. 

Funny also that Peter had noticed Ben's southern accent. It had softened a little from what you would normally hear from Texans, apparently. When I listened to him chatting to Mia, it was true it had since we first met in Austin - a lot really. Guess my Australianises was having a subtle effect on him. 

Smiling, I let out a little laugh and turned to Mitt. "I hardly noticed Ben's accent now when he speaks - guess I'd become accustomed to it." I shrugged my shoulders. 

Mitt smiled. "It's quite interesting to listen to the two of you talking. Your Australian accent isn't as strong as you know, the crocodile man - Steve Erwin. But it's very strong, more English sounding, whereas your boyfriend is very American." 

I went to correct Mitt, as Ben wasn't really my boyfriend - well we hadn't done the whole, exclusive thing talk. I stopped. 

"What's up, Kangaroo?" Mitt pulled me out of my head - obviously my deep thoughts were giving me away. 

"I was going to say that Ben wasn't, isn't-my boyfriend. We haven't really said it to each other, you know." 

"Well, if he's not and you're traveling around Europe together, walking along holding hands, kissing alongside the river, what do you Australians call it?" 

"Smartass." 

Mitt looked at me strangely. "Ist das nicht eine wütende Art, jemanden anzurufen?" (Is that not an angry way of calling someone?) 

"Oh yeah, sorry I meant that you were being... cheeky, rude but funny too." Germans - always straight to the point no bull-shitting around. "Yeah, good point I guess. He is my boyfriend." 

Hmmm, Texan boyfriend with a sexy accent and ... Goddamn! When Ben returned I did notice it. Yes, it made me go all weak at the knees. 

Peter and Mia grabbed Ben and whisked him off while Mitt, Lina and I headed off to the other stores. After trying on a few different sets of 'lederhosen,' finally, I settled for one set. Lina said it looked good on me and was trying to get Mitt to get one too, but no dice. Thankfully, I had my trusty backpack to stash my purchase in so Ben was none the wiser. 

After finishing up and Lina trying in vain to get Mitt to buy one as well, luckily for Mitt, we met up with Ben and Mia a few moments later. "How'd you go, Jamie? Did you find anything for your niece and nephews?" 

"Nah, it wasn't what I was looking for really - most of the stuff in the stores was more super tourist stuff. I was looking for something authentic, you know," I responded, smiling away and trying to sell that I'd lucked out as we all started to head towards the town square, which was only a hundred feet away from the Römerberg. 

Mia jumped in. "You should see the beautiful things Ben bought. His family will be very happy, I think." 

"Thanks, Mia. I couldn't have don't it without y'all helping out. I had no idea what the sales staff were saying to me, none." Ben smiled, a little embarrassed looking. 

The six of us came to a stop. Both Ben and I looked on amazed. "Wow, the place looks just like gingerbread houses crammed into one another. This is amazing, Jamie! I thought you were crazy when you told me we were going to the Gingerbread house... right? I'm speechless... it's so beautiful! It looks like a fairy tale picture, something we read in books as kids." Ben's face was filled with wonderment. "Thanks, Jamie, for bringing me along with you," he said, grabbing me into a hug. Then he paused for a second, staring straight into my eyes, like he could almost see my soul. "Thank you." 

I was searching his face. It was...he looked so happy. "My pleasure, Tex." I leaned in laying a gentle kiss on his lips. An older lady walked over a few moments later and told us that we looked a beautiful couple. I thanked her and we both gave her a hug. I was just about to thank her again when Peter nodded, and jumped in, using more local slang to convert my textbook-schoolboy German. When he explained to her that I was from Australia and Ben from the US-Texas, she was amazed, so sweet. 

To be honest, I hadn't really used any German since Oktoberfest a few years back with Gav and the boys. Then it was 'Prost' and more beer. So since high-school finished - it had been a long time. Surprisingly, I'd remembered a lot more than I thought. 

Our attention turned back to the old fountain in the centre square. It dated back to 1400 something, the perfect backdrop to get a selfie with our newly found German friends, a nice pic to remember the day with. 
