 "My god Ben, this past week - traveling through Germany, here in Nice, and the local sights of Texas! I leaned in a little, "Okay, a highlight has been having you to myself when we were at your place. Now the Côte d'Azure awaits us, right? I think it's going to be one of the best weeks of my, our lives!" 

We'd spent two full days and three nights in Nice, only a short three-minute walk to the beach. After recharging from everything that we've both been through in the last month - plus I really needed some time lying around on the beach - the inner Aussie beach bum in me needed time on the beach in the sun. 

"It's been fantastic out in the sun every day, Jamie. Look at my tan line." Ben dropped his swimming trunks a little, showing off his sexy white butt with a 'come here' sexy look on his face. 

"Hmm," I growled, then groped in his general direction. 

It was like the gods were smiling on us - the weather was fantastic: mid to high eighty's each day; plus, super bonus here, the compact rental Mercedes I'd booked wasn't available. Someone at the rental company stuffed up and while they were trying to sort it, the girl behind the counter heard us chatting about our drive from Nice to Marseille. 

There were a flurry of messages on the two-way radio between the counter staff and someone obviously in the parking garage. Next minute, "Messieurs Spence et Rush," - she smiled brightly at both Ben and me- "I've have been able to upgrade you to a Convertible for no extra cost, to compensate you for the mix up with your car, if that is okay?" said Sara ( I read her nametag). "I hope your trip along the Côte d'Azure will be good for you! Bon Voyage, Messieurs!" Sara slid the keys and paperwork across the counter. 

Ben and I looked at each other with a mix of surprise and disbelief. "Merci, Sara. Merci beaucoup." When we walked outside there was a sexy black BMW two series convertible waiting for us. Ben and I looked at each in shock, then laughed our heads off as we put our bags in the trunk and headed out of the city. "All this for the same cost - upgrade on the house - oh my god, Jamie, winning!!" 

"Jamie, I'm loving this car. Can I have one?" Ben rolled his head back - it was almost one of those classic convertible shots, where the front passenger flicks off her head scarf and they drive carefree down the picturesque roadway. However, Ben's not a woman, not at all. Okay I'm going down a rabbit hole here, but if you met him in the store, you'd think he was just a regular joe sort of guy - he blends in well in whatever environment he's in. There's no flashing sign saying 'Hey look, here is an amazing Paramedic that saved my life, and this guy looks so cute when he's just woken up, looking all sleepy and sexy. I think the convertible suits him. 

"Hmmm, nice... hey, Jamie, do you like it?" Ben was smiling from ear to ear. 

I looked around the car, taking in the scenery both inside the car, the car and around us - everything just drifted past. God damn, he is fucking sexy!! Gets plenty of heads turning when just walking around, from women and yeah, I've seen you guys having a look too, but ha! He's mine, and he's pretty much oblivious to it. Go figure - when Steph was asking me what Ben looked like in my opinion - not the pictures, but what did I see - I was a pile of words and thoughts. I remember saying that he's someone that would easily be at home working a farm somewhere, well-defined, and at times a man of few words. He's got a metabolism that keeps him looking like he'd be able to run a marathon in a heartbeat too. Not saying that I'm not okay looking myself - I get a few compliments here and there - but we're always harder on ourselves, right? 

"Earth to Jamie - is there anyone there or y'all gone out for lunch?" 

His smart-ass comment, which was perfect, snapped me back to the here and now with a smile. "Ben as long as I'm not paying, have what you like," I poked my tongue out. "Maybe one day we can be the modern couple, a truck for day-t- day and family stuff, and a convertible for fun days?" 

I realised what I'd just said... family stuff. I hope Ben didn't pick up on it. He did. With a cheeky smile he replied: "We'll have to draw a roster, you know, for who's doing the family stuff and who gets the convertible on other days. Can't let you have all the fun," Ben poked his tongue back at me, which caused us both to burst out laughing. That was classy Ben, very classy, letting me off the hook nicely but enough so that I knew that he heard me too. Hmmm... I don't think we had the roof down on the car for the next five days. By the end of it, what a tan we had gotten! Looked like we'd been sitting on a beach for a week - well we did most days anyways. 

The trip to Cannes was short, not much to write home about. Maybe I was becoming accustomed to the beautiful surroundings. Both Ben and my family went crazy with the video diary we shot from the deck of some luxury yacht that we'd talked our way onto that afternoon. The guy we were renting our little apartment from in Cannes had a friend that knew a guy... anyway we got to spend the last night in Cannes on the Yacht, watching the sunset while enjoying the French custom of 'aperitif', loosely meaning 'let's sip on booze and not get too smashed', ha-ha. 

"Jamie, what was that? Damn, I could drink that all night." Ben had, what I've just discovered, the elixir of life look about him, tipping his almost empty glass towards me while waiting for his drink to be refilled. "Well, why not?" I smiled, sitting on a yacht in the harbor with millions of euros of hardware floating around us, the warm night breeze on us - life felt pretty good right now... 

"This," I handed his glass back topped up from the jug we'd almost finished off, "Is called 'Pastis' and am loving it too," I replied as I smacked my lips. "Jean says that the next drink on our menu is even better." I gave him a smug look. I've gotta say I was feeling the effects of the booze too. It was going to be a good night. "Would you prefer wine base or Champagne for the next? Salut, mon mignon (how you doing, cutie)!" 

Ben looked back at me like a double take. "What - you're adding French to your languages now, Jamie?" 

I raised my eyebrows and smiled back. "I only know enough to get me into trouble, canon (hot looking). Let me get that drink for you." I stood up and the room spun for a second. "Wow!! That shit's got a kick to it," I said, reaching out and steadying myself with the counter where we were sitting. 

Quietly, we sipped on the next drink - 'Kir Royal' - then a few good old Manhattans, followed by slamming down too many Cowboys, till we staggered off the boat around midnight, finally falling through the front door of the apartment and sprawling out over the bed. I don't even know how the hell we got back to the apartment. 

The next morning, I was awakened by the sunlight streaming in onto my face. I'd been using Ben's chest as a pillow for some of the night. Waking up, I looked down without moving to see that we both were pretty much dressed, still only missing our shoes. Hmmm... evil thoughts crossed my mind. Slowly, I slid my hand down Ben's taught stomach to the top of his jeans. Like a ninja, I popped the top button one-handed, slipped my fingers in, sliding along the inside of the fly till I reached my target - his sleeping cock. It felt so warm and, hmmm, just nice. His breathing hadn't changed, so I guessed he was still asleep. Well he did have a few drinks last night - who'd think my guy likes cocktails a lot?!? 

Slowly I started to play with him. He responded to my touch by steadily growing. It wasn't long before I could see a clear outline in his jeans. Pulling my hand back a little, I popped the studs of his fly open. When the last one shot apart, I worked his cock free of its entrapment, slowly stroking it whilst admiring it and its owner. He was starting to enjoy it as the small clear drop that appeared soon confirmed. 

Swiping some of it over his head, I stroked him some more. 

"Hmm-Jamie, that has to be the nicest way to wake up ever." 

I looked up at his sleepy smiling face. "Good morning-how's the head? Like some paracetamol?" 

"Oh, I know it's there," Ben groaned, "but I like what you're doing - maybe it will cure me" he smiled, becoming more and more aroused. 

"Nope! Time to get up and get going, Benny boy. I'll find you some paracetamol and Gatorade." I let go of his cock, twisted around and kissed him on the lips while lifting off the bed in one swift movement, even surprising myself with my own abilities after last night. He had a stunned look on his face - it was priceless. 

"But... you can't leave me like this, all hot and ready to go." 

"Yeah I can. Come on - we need to shower and hit the road," I replied, dragging his reluctant body off the bed, "come on we've got sunshine and a convertible waiting for us." 

Ben grumbled a little. 

"I promise I will finish what I started when we get to our apartment, okay?" I deadpanned at him as I pushed him reluctantly in to the shower. 

..o0o.. 

The drive to St Tropez - well, we were staying across the bay in Sainte Maxime to be accurate - was fantastic - another warm sunny day with the roof down, music playing, laughing, a bit of cock teasing while just taking in the beautiful surrounds. 

When we finally arrived and checked in at our apartment, I was just blown away with the view when I opened the door walking in - it was like a magnet, drawing me closer and closer to the full-length walk-through glass doors. "Oh my fucking god!! This is amazing!!" 

I spotted out the corner of my eye a small sundeck that faced full south, so we got the beautiful sun, with a clear view of the Mediterranean stretching out as far as the eye could see. "My god, Ben, I think I could stay here forever!" 

I looked around, as he didn't answer. Ben was standing there half naked, almost mid-strip. I think he was keen for me to continue our games from this morning, but when he saw the view out our windows, it caught him. He'd stopped dead in his tracks. "Oh my god, Jamie! That has to be the best view I've ever seen!!" 

"I know, right," I turned and walked over to him, helping him get undressed - couldn't leave the guy half-naked - it's like only unwrapping your Christmas present. Luckily for us, we were a few floors up. Unless you had a telescope or something, you weren't going to see what happened next, and trust me, it would have been a good show. Okay, I've got to be honest though, had to focus a few times on the hot guy I was pounding into because when I lifted my eyes slightly from his beautiful body sprawled out before me, I was drawn in by the view outside. I know-again right, but fuck it was amazing, breathtaking! 

After we had finished, our 'catching up', we walked out to the deck with just towels wrapped around us, when really no one would have cared if we were naked. It's France - there were naked people everywhere. 

"Hey Jamie, let's sit here," Ben pointed to the end sunlounge. As we walked up to it, he offered, "You wanna be big spoon? I'll lay between your legs." 

"Sure." I slipped the towel off and spread it out over the lounge so I didn't get so many red marks on my ass. Ben sat down and leaned back against me as we both laid against each other in the sun, looking out at the beautiful shimmer of the late afternoon sun reflecting off the water. It was so comfortable just lying there with just a towel draped across our-well, Ben's crotch. Mine was pressed against his back. His head was a leaning back against my left shoulder, his body laid out before me. "Damn it, Ben, you have any idea how fucking sexy you are?" Watching the rise and fall of his chest, his fingers entwined with mine. The way the sunlight had bleached the fine body hairs on his stomach blonde except for his treasure trail, I could feel myself start to harden a little. Hmm... Ben... a warm relaxed feeling came over me. 

Ben's voice snapped me awake, I think I'd almost drifted off completely to sleep. "Jamie, all we need is a few drinks and this would be perfect," he purred as he relaxed against my chest. 

"Hmm, yep. But I'm not moving a muscle, not even for a jug of Pastis." 

"Really? Not a single muscle?" I could see the smirk on his face, his cheeks pushed out a little from behind, his arm snaked around and under my slightly bent up knee. "Hmm... I think I've found a muscle that wants to move, huh?" 

"Well yeah, I'm always up for that, right." No sooner had those words left my mouth he stood up and stretched out his hands to me. 

"Come on, I'm cock-crazed today. What did you do to me this morning?" 

"Whatever it was, I'm gonna to do it again tomorrow." I stood with one swift movement, sweeping Ben into my arms and carrying him inside to our bed. 

We decided that night to have an extra night here. It was just beautiful and, for some reason, we both just felt so at home. Just on sunset, which was late, almost like 9.30pm, we filmed our video diary from our deck, capturing the sun slipping below the horizon that night. I couldn't think of a better place to film it. 

The next day was spend walking around the port, then taking a short ferry ride over to St Tropez where we walked around the village and pigged out on ice creams all day. Okay, we went for a quick swim with some locals too. Sun, water and warm breeze - it was just too much for this Aussie boy not to jump into the water. I dragged Ben in finally. We were quickly joined by some of the locals. We weren't sure whose accent attracted whom, but it was loads of laughs when we started to do running forward flips off the pier into the beautiful blue waters. 

That night we had dinner at a little café-'Le Porche'- we discovered when we walked down to the ferry that morning. Hungry from all the walking and swimming, we both were starved. We soon found out that we so over ordered. We stuffed ourselves so much on beautiful food - okay and a bottle of wine between us - that we needed the walk home to settle our stomachs down. 

That walk through the maze of random cobbled streets, pretty painted walls with flower boxes dotting them off the tall buildings on each side of the street, was amazing. I'm not sure if we chose this pathway or it had some sort of power which drew us along this way, but it was part of the evening that I'll still remember when I'm old and can't even remember my name, haha. 

I think it was having the same effect on Ben: "Picture card perfect! This is just the best, Jamie! Thank you for everything... it's been the best time... break I've had." Ben gently pulled me to a stop. I turned, looking at him to see if there was anything wrong. His face was happy. Stepping closer, wrapping his arms around me, staring into my eyes, looking at my soul almost, all I could see in his eyes was happiness. When he smiled, it showed in his eyes. His hand ran up my back and clasped my neck, his thumb stroking a line between my cheekbone and ear. The sensation was overpowering almost. Slowly he smiled and without a word leaned in, kissing me ever so gently at first. 

Somehow, he was smiling at the same time - cute. I returned the kiss. It was subtle at first, filled with passion, the same way he'd kissed me. At some point I lost my footing and stumbled back against the wall. Luckily, I just missed hitting my head on a planter box, ha-ha. Now that would have been funny. We didn't break contact, his lips on mine - our kisses getting stronger and deeper. We were in our own world. 

To be honest I have no clue if people saw us, said anything or if we were all alone the whole time. All I knew was that that kiss from Ben had just taken things to another level. He conveyed so much without speaking or saying anything, if that's possible. After our lips broke apart we stood there in each other's arms, just looking at one another's faces. Ben smiled and tilted his head in the direction of the apartment. He took my hand as we walked off - that is something I'll remember all my days.  

So, after a good night's sleep - well, okay, I'm lying a little - we got a few hours' sleep - I made a mental note to self... I have to wake him like that more often. Not saying Ben's never up for it, he is! But wow - after the other day when I teased him a little, it's been a few days of the 'all you can eat sex buffet,' and I'm loving it! 

..o0o.. 

The next stop on our tour of the Côte d'Azur was to Toulon. We headed along the coastal roads as much as possible to take in the view. It was Ben's turn to drive today. I must admit I wasn't being totally fair to him either, as I kept rubbing my hand along this inner thigh till it started to have the desired effect. He got pissed at me, and after about forty five minutes of this, resulted in us slowing down enough so he could close the roof. Once that was done, he made sure that I had to deal with the monster I'd awakened. Life experience - I guess a bucket list thing - first time I'd done that in a car while it's driving along anyways. Yeah sure I've got and given blow jobs in a car before, not the easiest thing to do while moving and it's not a spacious as my truck, plus I was worried about getting busted all the time, but it was fun... a lot of fun. Found a new game to play other than spotto on road trips haha. I'll make him return the favour tomorrow. 

Once we'd hit our apartment, it was time to get out and see this beautiful city, so we parked the car at the Apartment and headed out. I wanted to see the 'Memorial du Debarquement et de la Liberation de Provence,' which was all about the secondary landing forces around D-Day during World War Two. We both had family involved - Ben's at Normandy, mine were both in the Middle East and France. It was solemn, beautiful and so very, very well done. 

After some lunch in the city central, we headed to the cable car, and - wow, amazing! Jeez that's getting a run again, right, but truly it is. We decided that the video diary today was going to be from the Memorial and the Cable car. 

Seeing we were flying out to Paris tomorrow, Ben wanted to just do something simple and catch up on some rest, so we headed out to 'Creperie La Bolee,' which was only a short walk. The manager of the apartment block suggested the café and she was spot on. Simple honest food that was just perfect, plus the waiter was flirting his ass off with Ben, which I was laughing along with. I thought Ben was about to die when the waiter dropped a pick-up line on him in French that Ben didn't t respond to because he spoke less French than me. 

Funny the waiter not knowing that I spoke a little French, smiled and walked off. As soon as he was out of ear shot, I instantly translated it into English for Ben. The color of his face was priceless. So when the waiter returned, I thought I'd have some fun. Ben was sitting there - his eyes were the size of quarters. I nodded at him. "It's all good Ben - I've got this," and smiled, whilst looking down at the menu. 

The waiter asked Ben if he wanted any drinks. Before Ben could reply, I looked up and smiled. "Quelle est l'entrée/le plat du jour? (What's the starter/main dish of the day?)." The look of shock on the waiter's face was just too funny. 

"Pardon, monsieur." (sorry/excuse me sir.) A look washed over his face. "Parlez-vous français?" (Do you speak French?). 

I smiled sweetly, "Un peu, oui, (yes, a little) but you can speak English, please. My boyfriend doesn't speak much French." I smiled brightly. I thought Ben was going to die at first but he soon saw the funny side of it. 

Let's just say the rest of the night was fun. The waiter came along a little way through our meal and gave us a bottle of light red wine - summer type of wine on the house - as an apology. I did tell him it wasn't necessary, but still we drank it. 
