 The sounds of hard fucking filled the room and echoed off the ceiling: the slapping of skin on skin, animal grunts of exertion and whimpers of pained pleasure.

"That's it, boy," a guttural male voice whispered. "Squeeze my cock tight with that ass. Aww, fuck!" The sound of slapping skin stopped as Jeremy Larsen slammed himself deep one last time and emptied his balls into the tight, virgin ass of his son's 19-year-old friend, Jared.

"Please, Mr. Larsen," Jared moaned. "I didn't come yet. I need -" His voice broke off into another whimper as Jeremy ground his hips against Jared's ass, then pulled his softening cock out inch by inch, a hot trail of cum following and sliding down the inside of Jared's thigh.

"I know what you need, kid," Jeremy said, spreading Jared's ass cheeks wide and watching his asshole pulse as he pushed out, begging for more.

"Hold him open for me," a deep voice, husky with arousal, said from the kitchen doorway. Jeremy turned to grin at his friend Eliot as the other man moved into the room, palming an enormous erection through his jeans.

"You watched?"

"Every fucking thing," Eliot murmured as he walked up behind where Jared was bent over the dining room table, his legs spread wide and his arms stretched over his head, clutching the opposite side of the table with a white-knuckled grip. His athletic shorts and underwear were crumpled on the floor off to the side, his t-shirt rucked halfway up his back to show muscles rippling under a sheen of sweat.

"Who's there?" Jared gasped, trying to turn his head. Jeremy put his hand on the back of the boy's neck and pressed down.

"Eyes forward," he grated. "All you need to know is that there's another hard cock here that needs servicing, Sweet Cheeks." He let go of Jared's neck and his thumbs dug into Jared's ass cheeks and spread him open wider. He smirked at Eliot.

"You worked him over good, my friend," Eliot said, his hot eyes tracing Jared's heaving back and gaping asshole. "Ever since you caught him staring at you in the shower at the gym, you knew he'd be hot for it."

"Damn right he was hot for it," Jeremy said with satisfaction. "You heard him begging for my cock before I could even get it inside him."

Eliot's blunt index finger caught the trail of cum leaking out of Jared's hole and brought it back up to the source, circling hypersensitive nerves before pushing inside.

"Stretched open, slick, and hot," he murmured, "just how I like it." He added another finger to Jared's ass and twisted, scissoring them open and hissing as a glob of spunk oozed out all over his hand. Jared mewled, his fingers tightening even more on the table.

"Fuck but you filled him full, dude."

"He wasn't the only one hot for it," Jeremy grinned as he let go of Jared's ass cheeks and settled against the kitchen island, his jeans gaping open and his semi-hard cock jutting out, glistening with lube and cum. "He wrung me dry."

Eliot pressed up against Jared, his jean-clad thighs pressing into the backs of Jared's.

"Legs open wider, kid," he ordered, one hand pressing down into the small of the kid's back as his other hand unbuttoned his jeans. Jared hesitated, and Eliot impatiently kicked Jared's feet with his until Jared widened his stance, his breathing getting harsher.

Eliot reached inside his now-unbuttoned jeans and straightened his cock from where it was trapped along his thigh, pulling it out and then snugging it into Jared's cleft, his hips starting a slow roll.

"What - what are you doing?" Jared asked in a trembling voice, his voice husky from his cries and shouts of a few minutes before.

"You gonna ask me that, boy?" Eliot said, his tone incredulous. "What I'm gonna do is what I usually do when my hard cock is up against a sweet little hole that's been stretched wide open and pumped full of a hot load. I'm gonna fuck it." With that, he lined up and started to push inside Jared agonizingly slowly, hissing as the stubborn muscles fought him.

"I saw how hard you fucked him, Jere," he grated, moving his hips in little pulses as he worked Jared open, holding the boy's ass cheeks wide and watching as the head of his cock finally breached the tight ring and slipped inside. "And he's still so goddamn tight. Damn, I love virgins."

Jared was moaning, his upper body writhing on the table, his head thrashing back. "Oh, fuck, Mister. Oh, Jesus."

"Breathe deep and push out," Eliot instructed, thrusting relentlessly. "I'm coming inside, and you're gonna take every inch."

He groaned under his breath as Jared complied, pushing out and taking Eliot's cock another inch.

"That's it, kid," Jeremy said, satisfaction and arousal making his voice guttural. "You're gonna get fucked again, so might as well make it easy on yourself."

Eliot's hands went to Jared's hips to steady him, and with a grunt, he shoved the rest of the way in, grinning at Jeremy as the boy under him cried out hoarsely, then gasped, "You're so big, oh, shit."

"Yeah, I am, little virgin," he whispered, his hips circling with short pulsing thrusts.

"That's why my good friend Mr. Larsen always goes first, to stretch tight little holes wide open for me, then shooting a hot load to slick my way."

Eliot pulled halfway out and then shoved forward again, and Jared moaned. Jeremy winked at Eliot.

"Do him hard and fast, dude," he said. "You heard how he begged for it when I fucked him."

"Oh, I'll get there. He'll be feeling me in the back of his throat soon, don't worry." Eliot kept up the slow thrusting, his hands pulling Jared's hips back to meet his, the sound of slapping skin filling the kitchen once again.

"How does it feel, kid," Eliot whispered, "to have a man's hard cock deep inside you, to feel it splitting you open?"

"Oh, oh," Jared whimpered, his teeth gritted together, his head thrashing. 

"It's good, isn't it? Feeling a man inside your ass, knowing that he's gonna fuck you hard until he fills you up with a load of hot spunk, a load that you'll feel dripping out of your stretched-open asshole for the rest of the day. Feeling that ache, that twinge, when you try to sit or try to walk. Fuck, yeah, I love virgins!" Eliot's hips snapped back until just the tip of his fat cock remained inside Jared, then pulled the rest of the way out, hissing as the hole gaped open, leaking Jeremy's cum. Eliot rubbed his cock through the mess, then shoved back inside Jared to the hilt.

"Yes, yes, Mister, please," the boy begged, his hips started a circling of his own as he pushed back against the cock splitting him wide.

"That's it, kid. I know you want it," Eliot murmured, his fingers gripping Jared's hips hard enough to leave bruises.

Jared sobbed as Eliot started a relentless rhythm, his thrusts hard and fast, the table legs scraping against the floor as the table was jolted with the force. 

Eliot winked at Jeremy and then changed the angle of his next thrust, and Jared reared up, his whole upper body leaving the table, his mouth open in a scream.

"Found it?" Eliot growled as he thrust again, and Jared's voice cracked as he wailed. Eliot thrust again, then held deep, his hand delving between Jared's legs, finding the boy's erection and squeezing the plump head, gathering slick fluid up onto his fingers and holding them out for Jeremy to see. He then brought his glistening fingers to Jared's mouth and rubbed them over the boy's nose and parted lips.

"Smell it. Taste it," Eliot hissed. "That shows me how much you love to be fucked." Jared opened his mouth on a gasp and Eliot shoved his fingers deep inside, rubbing the fluid over Jared's tongue as his hips started the brutal fucking again. Jared sucked wildly on Eliot's fingers as he moaned, pushing back.

Eliot kept up the same thrusting angle, pounding Jared's prostate ruthlessly, and Jared's hoarse cries and whimpers almost drowned out the sound of slapping skin.

"Jesus Christ," Jeremy ground out, his hand moving on his own erection, now jutting out obscenely from his open jeans.

Eliot smirked at his friend, sweat glistening on his forehead as he fucked Jared. "Never seen you recover so fast before, dude."

"The way he's crying for your cock, holy fuck." His hand sped up, jacking his dick hard and spreading pre-cum from root to head. "I'm gonna have to take him again when you're done, and that's gonna make him really fucking sore tonight." 

Eliot grinned and then stopped once again, leaning over Jared and wrenching his head back, holding his neck in a painful arch.

"You ever had a man's cock in your mouth, little virgin?"

"He slicked me up before I fucked him, Eliot," Jeremy said, his lips twisted in a smirk. "He's got a lot to learn about sucking cock."

"Well, now's a good time to learn, isn't it? We've got a hard cock that needs a hole, kid, and there's a sweet, lonely little hole right here." Eliot's thumb pulled down on Jared's bottom lip, then let go.

"Let's move this party to the living room, so I can really get at him, then." Jeremy turned and headed to the next room.

Eliot pulled out abruptly, and Jared cried out. Eliot hooked him around the waist and pulled him upright, his other hand going down to palm Jared's ass, his fingers delving inside his crack. Jared looked up at him, his lips trembling, tears glittering on his lashes and on his cheeks, his face flushed. Eliot reached down and cupped Jared's balls, his hand sliding up to rub his thumb roughly over the slick head.

Jared's head tilted back against Eliot's shoulder, his eyes dropping closed as he moaned.

"Loving this, aren't you, baby?"

Jared nodded, and he bit his lip hard as Eliot stroked him.

"You got a sweet little mouth, too," he murmured, as he bent down and licked Jared's bottom lip. "You're gonna suck my friend's cock, and if he wants you to swallow every drop of his spunk, that's what you'll do. Hear me?" Tears welled up in Jared's eyes, but he nodded, his own dick leaping in Eliot's hand.

"Good boy," Eliot said, giving Jared's ass cheek a harsh slap. "Get into the living room."

Jared walked ahead of him on shaky legs, and Eliot admired the boy's taut ass, one cheek glowing red with a distinct handprint.

"You want him on his back or bent over?" he asked Jeremy as they reached the living room. Jeremy had taken off his jeans, and his cock was flushed an angry purple and so hard that it was tapping his belly.

"He's not ready for me to fuck his mouth the way I want," Jeremy said, a tinge of regret in his tone. "But soon I'll have him on his back, with his head off the end of the couch, and he'll take me deep." He sighed at the thought. "Get him on his knees for now." He waved his hand at an extra-large padded ottoman that was in the center of the living room.

Jared stumbled over and knelt on all fours, his knees resting on the edge of the ottoman, his hands planted firmly in the middle.

"Knees wider, kid," Eliot said. Jared complied, his whole body trembling. Without another word, Eliot stepped close and thrust deep in one hard stroke, burying himself to the hilt, his heavy balls resting against Jared's.

"Oh, fuck," Jared moaned, and Jeremy stepped close and rubbed the head of his dick over Jared's parted lips.

"Lick it," he ordered, hissing as Jared's tongue snaked out and wrapped around the fat head of Jeremy's cock. Jeremy pumped himself twice, forcing a droplet of pre-cum out, and he rubbed it over Jared's tongue.

"Hold your mouth open," Jeremy growled, and he looked Eliot. "And you better hold fucking still until I'm ready, man. I don't want him biting my dick off."

Eliot smirked, his hips rolling in slow circles, keeping Jared's asshole stretched wide. Jared opened his lips wider and Jeremy pushed the tip of his cock inside. "Suck."

Jared's cheeks hollowed as he sucked, and Jeremy's lips twisted in approval. "Good boy. Now relax your tongue and take me down your throat." Jared tried, gagging, and Jeremy waited him out and then pushed in again. This time Jared took him, his eyes looking up at Jeremy as if begging for approval.

"Half is good enough for now, Jere," Eliot murmured. "You've got a big fucking dick."

"Keep your throat relaxed and let me fuck you. Don't bite down, just keep your mouth open," Jeremy warned, his palms resting against Jared's cheeks as he started a slow thrust.

"Fuck, that's hot," Eliot said, grinning, then he pressed his lips together, his hands going down to Jared's hips as he pulled back and then thrust home once again. Jared moaned, and Jeremy's eyes rolled back as the vibration teased the head of his dick. 

"Damn, his throat is hot and slick, making me leak pre-cum like crazy," Jeremy hissed. "He was made for fucking, Eliot."

"He's gonna get fucked every which way to Sunday, man, you can count on that," Eliot said through gritted teeth as the sound of hips slapping against ass escalated. "I'm not gonna get tired of this one any time soon."

"Good thing spring break just started," Jeremy gasped out, one hand tangling in Jared's hair and the other one squeezing his cheeks, forcing the boy's mouth open even wider. "He'll be here for a whole goddamn week."

Eliot leaned down and put his lips to Jared's ear. "Gonna get fucked, kid. Up the ass, in your hot little mouth. On your back, on your knees, on your stomach. You're gonna suck and fuck us until you don't know your own name and you're so full of cum it'll be leaking out your ears. Got it?"

Jared's only response was a tortured moan, and Eliot reached between Jared's wide-spread legs and palmed the boy's rigid cock, feeling the pre-cum dripping to the leather beneath him. "He approves," he grinned at Jeremy, and he straightened up once again, one palm splaying over the boy's abdomen to lift him into each brutal thrust, the other clutching Jared's shoulder for purchase as he rammed him hard, angling toward Jared's prostate.

Suddenly Jeremy gave a guttural groan, and he pulled out of Jared's mouth just in time to shoot all over the boy's flushed face, semen and saliva dripping from Jared's full lips and chin. Eliot swiped his hand through the cum on Jared's face and reached down, jacking Jared hard with his slick hand, thrusting against his prostate, until Jared screamed, his voice cracking as he wailed, hot pulses of cum splattering against the ottoman and coating Eliot's hand.

Eliot planted his feet for purchase and pistoned into Jared so hard that the boy was forced flat onto the ottoman on his belly, his hands dropping to the floor in front of him and fisting the carpet as Eliot followed him down, groaning as he himself came hard, his balls drawn tight, hot jets of cum filling Jared's ass and spilling out to join the mess already there.

Sounds of gasps and pants filled the room, punctuated with Jared's broken moans as his body twitched beneath Eliot. Eliot pulled out and spread Jared's cheeks wide, licking his lips with satisfaction as the boy's asshole pulsed open and closed, thick white semen welling up and sliding down along the boy's heavy balls.

"Hot ass full of cum, just how we like it," he said with a smirk at Jeremy. Jeremy walked on his knees over to where Eliot sprawled, smiling at the sight.

"We'll work on the blowjobs tonight and tomorrow, give his poor little ass a rest." Jeremy fucked a thick finger in and out of Jared's hole, pushing cum back inside just so they could watch it leak out again.

"Where's Kevin?" Eliot said idly, meaning Jeremy's son and Jared's best friend, his fingers gathering up a huge glob of everybody's combined cum and bringing it to Jared's lips. "Clean it up," he ordered, shoving his fingers deep when Jared obediently opened his mouth. He fed Jared cum until the ottoman was mostly cleaned up, then moved away and collapsed on a nearby couch, his spent cock twitching against his thigh.

"At his mom's," Jeremy replied, his fingers still playing with Jared's hole. "I've got this one to myself for a week, and no one will bother us."

"Good," Eliot said. "We've got a lot to teach you about pleasing a stiff cock, kid, but you'll learn fast, I can tell."

Jared rolled to his back and let out a deep sigh, his cum-slick and swollen lips stretching into a slow smile.