 This is a spin off of Prison Time, so you may want to read them to understand where the character Jason comes from.

**** 

Home was a very unfamiliar place to me. My mother, whom never gave a dam about me, really didn't acknowledge the fact that I was home. Most of the people I grew up with were either dead, in jail or had moved away. Twenty years was a long time. I thought that maybe some things would have changed but as unbalance as my life was before prison I came home to total dysfunction. 

"You can't live in this house without a job," My mother said as I stood in the hall. 

I wasn't completely in the house, only out of prison ten hours and that nine was on the bus ride home. 

It's funny how some people look at life. She expected me to jump back into a free lifestyle when I was confused about everything. It wasn't like I could talk to her about it. She wasn't that type of mother. Nurturing, never! Loving in front of company, maybe! But when she needed a fix, it was baby can you help your mother out and that seemed like the only time I was someone to her. 

I walked up to my bedroom the door was closed. When I opened it I realized that my future was even darker than I thought it would be. What furniture that wasn't sold was thrown in a corner. I went to one of my hiding spots. I knew it wouldn't take long for her to find the drugs. Then I turned around walked over to my closet. Most of the clothes were gone but the secret door was in its place I pushed some things to the side and climbed completely into the closet. I pushed the wall, which opened up; I took the key and unlocked the little door. 

"I should have just taken what the states offered." I thought as I counted my money. I had a little over three thousand dollars. I looked up in the closet at the few clothes left. 

"I need clothes" I put five hundred to the side. "I got to eat, need transportation and I need personal items." 

I cursed myself for not using a state appointed attorney, but the attorney I used was so sure he could get me off with probation or ten years max with me serving only two and the rest on parole. We went to trial and I got the raw end, as they say. I got ten but five years in KT killed someone that was trying to rape me. I took the rap, which added another ten to my sentence. I leaned back and thought about the last twenty years. I had my best friend KT with me up until five years ago when he was released. We talked all the time, he and Hayden put money on my books, accepted my phone calls and invited me to stay with them when I was release. 

I looked down at the money, "This is the only reason I came back." I thought climbing completely out of the closet. 

I walked down the steps to find my mother sitting on the dirty couch with some guy. She looked at me with a smirk before taking a hit from her crack pipe. I shook my head before turning to leave. 

"Did you really think after twenty years your drugs would be here?" She yelled, "I knew you were dumb but not that dumb."

I walked back, "I'm the dumb one," I chuckled. "I knew they wouldn't be there and if they were I had no use for them."

The man looked up at me as I laughed, "What's so funny?" He asked.

"She called me dumb when I've been gone for twenty years and she is still doing the same thing she was doing when I got locked up." 

I turned to leave, "But I'm the dumb one." I yelled slamming the front door.

I walked down the street to KT's mother's house. I knocked on the door a couple of times before she answered.

"Welcome home Jay," She smiled pulling me to her.

"Hey Momma T," I smiled.

She ran her hand across my face, "All grown up." She laughed. "So when did you get home?"

"About two hours ago," I looked down.

"Yes! It's as bad as it looks," She said.

"I thought she would have gotten it together while I was gone." I said sitting down.

"When your father left she lost it," Momma T said.

"That man wasn't my father and he should have left," I sat back. "She wouldn't have been on that crap if it wasn't for him."

"So what are you going to do now?" She asked.

"KT and Hayden offered me a chance to stay out of prison, so I think I will be going to live with them." I said. 

"Well you know where the phone is." She said walking into the kitchen.

I called KT and within an hour he and Hayden pulled up. We all hugged and I thanked them both for giving me a chance. We said bye to Momma T who made it clear that she wanted to see all of us, including her grandchildren on Sunday for dinner.

** KT and Hayden had everything figured out, Monday I reported to the mailroom at Hayden's company. 

Before I knew it I had been working three months. KT and Hayden didn't bother me much, letting me get use to being free. 

"Hey Jason," Hayden called as I walked in the front door. 

"What's up?" I replied.

"Saturday we are having a couple of people over and would love for you to join us."

""Sure why not," I laughed. "I have nothing else to do."

"You can being someone if you want." He smiled and moved his eyebrows up and down.

"It will just be me." I laughed and headed upstairs.

"Dress nice because we are going clubbing after dinner," He yelled as I ran up the steps.

In the shower I started to think about Saturday.

"Why did I agree to this get together?" I wondered as I dried myself off.

I began to think of excuses I could use to get out of the event on Saturday. I didn't want to go out with couples. I tried to avoid the one that I had no control over, my sexuality. 

When I thought of how lonely I was I struggled with my sexuality at the same time. Here I was thirty-seven with no one. On top of it all I was confused about what sex I wanted to be with. 

**

Work as always was uneventful until today. I got off the elevator and looked up at him. He was gorgeous and when he looked up and smiled at me, my heart melted. I went to the mail area, as I sorted the mail he walked in.

"I was going to bring this down on my break," He said holding a box. "But can I give it to you?"

"Yeah! I'll take it," I said looking into his eyes taking the box.

"So what's your name?" He asked extending his hand, "I'm Rain."

"Jason!" I smiled shaking his hand.

"Thank you Jason," He said before turning to walk out.

I looked at him one last time making sure I got a good look at him. 

Sexy wasn't the word for what I was looking at. He was short maybe about five-six, couldn't weight more than one-thirty. His long hair pulled back into a ponytail. But what really held my attention were his eyes. Light brown with a touch of green. 

"Sexy!" I thought as I licked my lips. 

When he turned around and flashed a smile at me, it was as if he knew I was checking him out. He walked out the door and I took a deep breath to calm my semi-hard cock. Grabbing the rest of the mail I walked out with my cart in front of me.

I looked over toward him as he talked to another guy. I stepped on the elevator and looked at him one last time.

"I'm so glad it's time to go home." I thought as the doors closed.

**

The next couple of days were quiet. Saturday came; KT and I hit the basketball court while Hayden and Clair took the kids shopping. I admired KT he had everything I wanted. A loving family! There were times when I would see them together I felt like I was interrupting a private moment. Hayden would see me and tell the kids and they would be all over me. 

We rushed back to the house knowing we both wanted to rest before we had to shower. We walked in as Hayden was telling the babysitter where we were going after dinner.

"You two are late, go shower!" He yelled looking at both of us. 

As I walked by the study I saw him. My heart started to beat as I walked toward him. 

"What are you doing here?" I asked.

"We're going out tonight." Rain said.

I stared at him as he spoken then someone cleared their throat. I looked back thinking it was Hayden but it wasn't. 

"Sorry!" Rain said, "Jason this is Mark my boyfriend."

I felt my heart break as I shook the guys hand before running off to the bathroom. I climbed in the shower soaping myself up really good I wrapped my hand around my cock. All I could picture were his eyes staring into mine. I pulled harder as my mind and body gave into the hardest orgasm I had ever had. I stood in the shower breathing hard, wondering how I was going to make it through the evening with him and his boyfriend.

**

Dinner started off with light conversation. I sat and listened to Hayden and his friends. I still felt out of place, it was Rain and Mark, Hayden and KT, Robert and Toby, Clair and her husband Dewayne, than there I was the fifth toe. I laughed and joined in when necessary. 

"So Jason," Mark started. "You work in the mailroom and live in Hayden's guess room." "Mark!" Rain called.

"It's cool," I smiled as everyone looked at me. "Yes I do."

"What they don't pay you enough down in the mailroom." He smirked.

"The pay is fine," I replied. "Just trying to get on my feet."

"Yeah that's right," He smiled. "Rain told me you just got out of prison." He sat back and paused like he hit a nerve or something. 

Everyone stopped eating and looked toward us. 

"It's no secret, I did twenty for possession. I learned my lesson and have moved on."

"It must be nice to have a rich friends to help you move on." He smirked.

"Mark!" Rain yelled.

"Coming from jail I'm just glad I have friends." I smiled. 

"First of all Mark you are out of line," KT said. "Jason is my best friend."

"Well that proves it," He said.

"What!" KT replied.

"You grew up in the same situation but here you are," Mark looked over at me. "You didn't go to prison for" He looked at me and smiled, "WHAT WAS IT!" He paused, "OH POSSESSION!"

Hayden and Clair began to laugh. 

"You don't know what you are talking about," Rain whispered. "Be quiet." "Don't tell me to be quiet and you are sitting over here flirting like a whore in heat with that prison garbage." Mark yelled.

KT stood up, "For the record Mark," He said calmly. "Jason and I did time together, so shut up."

Mark looked around the table before getting up and walking away. 

"Excuse me!" Rain said following him.

"What an ass!" Robert mumbled. 

We all looked at him and laughed.

We could hear yelling coming from the other room. We all looked up at each other as we heard the sound of a smack. 

"Not in my house!" Hayden stood up.

KT stopped him before getting up and walking toward the door. I followed him because whatever was going to happen I wasn't going to let KT get into any trouble.

We walked in just as Mark pushed Rain to the ground. KT grabbed Mark as I stood in front of Rain.

"Let me go!" Mark yelled. 

I nodded my head in KT's direction. As he let Mark go he charged toward Rain. I hit him with two punches and he was down. I turned to check on Rain. 

"Thank You." Rain whispered holding his face. 

After a couple of minutes Mark finally stood up, "Let's go Rain!" 

He turned to walk away, "NOW!"

Rain jumped as he stood in front of me, "Don't go," I whispered. "I have too. No matter how he acts, he's all I got." Rain whispered back as a tear rolled down his face.

"I'm not going to tell you again," Mark yelled. "Bring your ass, NOW!"

Rain moved past me and followed Mark out the door. I stared in disbelief. 

"Let's go bro," KT said pulling my arm. "There's nothing you can do about that."

We walked back to the dining area. 

"Where's Rain?" Clara asked.

"Where else!" Robert moaned rolling his eyes, "He'll never leave him!"

"Don't say that." Hayden smiled.

"One thing for sure he doesn't like Jason." Robert said.

"I don't know why." I said.

"Competition!" Dewayne mumbled. 

We all looked toward him, "He see's Jason as a threat." 

"I'm not a threat," I said leaning back in my chair. "Plus they left together."

"Like always!" Robert mumbled.

KT changed the conversation an hour later we stepped into a club.

****

I looked around at the men and women laughing and dancing. "Time for you to meet someone," Hayden giggled.

"Not funny Hayden," I said walking away.

KT walked over to the bar where I was standing, "You cool man," He asked.

A woman walked by and I stared at how her short skirt moved with each step. I licked my lips as she looked at me.

"Jason!" KT called again. "You alright?"

I looked down.

"I know man, it's like a fight of good against evil." He said.

I looked up at him, "Good against evil." I replied shaking my head. 

"Yeah! One side of you wants a man the other knows you should be with a woman." KT Laughed, "I almost lost what has become the most important person in the world to me." 

"It was that much of a fight," I asked.

"Hayden was willing to have a sex change for me," KT said drinking from his glass.

My eyes got big, "That's big," I said.

"Twenty years in the joint and five of them you spent fucking a man." KT took a drink, "That's big. Believe it or not that was your only committed relationship."

"Willie gave me blow-jobs we never kissed." I said, "I fucked him once maybe twice and that was right before I got out. Maybe if I'd fucked him the whole five years I wouldn't be so dam confused."

"Dance with me baby," Hayden smiled as he pulled KT by the hand.

I watched as they danced, "Hi," A soft voice said.

"Hello," I said turning around to the voice.

She giggled when I looked down at her, "Can I buy you a drink?"

"I'm cool," I replied holding my glass up.

"Why don't you come meet my friend?" She asked pointing toward a booth were a guy was sitting alone staring at us.

I followed as she turned to walk away. I watched her ass as it moved from side to side. She stopped, me not pay attention I walked right into her.

She looked back smiling at me before rubbing her ass against my cock. 

This woman was hot, she was throwing it at me all I had to do was say yes. 

It's a funny thing about attraction, this woman was attractive, the old me would have taken her in the restroom and fucked her brains out but my cock never got hard never moved. 

She looked over at the man at the table and he had a sad and painful look in his eyes. 

"So are you coming?" She asked as I stared in his eyes. 

She grabbed my hand and took me over to their table. 

"Skylar this is..." She pointed to me.

"Jason," I said extending my hand to shake his. 

His hand was shaking as he touched mine. "I'm Lyric," She said.

He stepped out the booth for her to sit down, then he climbed in and I sat on the end.

We talked a little but not much because Lyric kept staring at us. He whispered something to her as she giggled.

"What's up?" I asked.

"I want to take you home with me," He said.

"Just like that?" I asked, "You don't know me."

"I know I want you to fuck me and that's all that matters." He said sipping from him glass. 

I could feel my cock getting hard as he ran his hand down my leg. "NICE!" He smiled.

"That's funny," I laughed, "You had Lyric approach me what if I would have left with her."

"If you were going to leave with her you wouldn't have sat next to me" He smiled, "Also you wouldn't let me rub on your leg if you weren't into me."

Before I could reply I saw Hayden, Robert and Toby talking. 

They were looking around and at Robert's phone. 

"Hey something happened between Mark and Rain so we are going to go check on Rain." KT said, "You are more than welcome to stay and we'll come back to get you."

He was looking at Skylar smiling.

"NO!" I said getting up, "I'm going."

I looked at Skylar before I leaned down and whispered, "Nice meeting you." 

He reached out and grabbed my phone. He tapped some numbers and his name. 

"When you are done, I will be here waiting for you and that big cock of yours." He laughed.

I looked at him before pushing send on my phone. "Now you have my number." I said before walking away.

"Didn't take you long to figure things out." KT laughed.

"It was just a drink, still confused." I laughed.

**

Robert used his keys to get into Rain's apartment. It was cold and empty; furniture was turned over, glass broken and blood. 

"Stay here!" KT whispered to Hayden as he walked to one of the bedroom. 

Dewayne and I followed telling them we would find out if Rain or Mark was there. KT pushed the door open, no one. I walked around toward the bathroom and pushed the door.

"Call an ambulance," I yelled leaning down to pull Rain's body from under the water. I got him out the tub and began giving him CPR. 

"Do you know what you are doing?" KT asked.

"A little," I moaned after breathing into his mouth.

"Come on Rain," I moaned giving him chest compressions "Breath."

I could hear a faint sound of the sirens as he spit water up. The paramedics came in and rushed him right out. As fast as everything was happening we were at the hospital. 

"Anyone call his family?" KT asked.

"They don't care," Robert cried. "They won't come."

"KT, take Jason home so he can change clothes before he gets sick." Hayden whispered.

"DeWayne and I can take him." Claire said.

"I'm good!" I mumbled.

We all sat and waited as minutes turned to hours. I sneezed and Hayden looked over at me. The nurse looked up and said, "God Bless you."

"Thank you!" I replied.

The nurse walked over to me, "You're going to get sick sitting in those wet clothes," She smiled. "Come with me."

I stood up and followed behind her. She handed me a pair of scrubs and pointed me to the restroom. When I walked out the doctor was talking to Hayden and Robert. I went to sit next to KT.

"The doctor says we can see him in a minute." He smiled as he looked at me, "Are you alright?"

"Yeah!" I said looking down, "I just keep wondering what would have happened..." My voice trailed off.

KT stared at me for a minute, "Dam!" He mumbled, "You got it bad."

"Got what?" I could feel my face get warm. "No dog, not him." KT whispered shaking his head no, "I don't want you to get hurt."

"I know," I whispered. "I see all the red flags and can't help but want him more. He's so dam gaga over Mark." I paused, "What's up with that relationship?"

"Mark has treated Rain that way since I have been in the picture." KT said. "It seems like the worst he treats him the faster he goes back to him."

"There has to be a reason he keeps going back." I said.

"Mark has convinced him that he is the only person that wants him." KT said, "And seeing that his family kicked him out the house at sixteen, Rain believes him."

"That's crazy." I whispered.

The doctor informed us that Rain was in a coma. We were aloud to see him once they put him in a room. I had KT take me home so that I could get my car. I wanted to be there when he woke up.

**

Seven weeks of going to the hospital everyday and I was beginning to get discouraged. I prayed and I know God heard me. I was sleep with my head on his bed. I felt a finger brush across my head. Then I heard moans I looked up to Rain looking down at me.

"Don't move," I said getting up to get the nurse.

The doctor checked him out as I called Hayden. Two hours later we were in the room laughing about something when the door flew open and Robert and Hayden rushed in.

I stepped over to the door as they hugged and cried. KT walked in as they talked.

"Man, you have been here everyday," KT, said. I looked away, "I just couldn't let him go through this alone." I said.

"Bro, I hope your heart isn't into this," KT whispered. "I don't want you to get hurt."

"I'm cool," I whispered back.

They didn't stay long because Rain kept falling asleep. 

When I stood to leave he asked me to stay. I sat in the chair next to his bed he reached over for my hand and smiled.

