 When I got home, I took the plant and put it on the table in front of the window and I watered it. It would get plenty of sunlight there. Then I took a shower and put on some boxers and an undershirt to go to bed in.

But I couldn’t sleep. My dick was hard enough to break bricks. I removed my clothes and looked down at my dick. It was leaking pre-cum and was a reddish-purple color. Leaning over I grabbed the lube off my nightstand.

I flipped open the lid and squirted some in my hand. I slicked up a hand and started rubbing my dick with it while my other hand went down to my ass. I slid a finger in and rubbed around till I found my prostate. Pleasure burst through me to go along with the sensation of my hand jerking my dick.

As I did this I thought about Jason. What I would like to do him and what I would want done to me. I wanted to feel him in me and around me. I wanted his arms to hold me and his body to love me so badly. I fantasized he was taking me and taking me hard.

“Jason, harder,” I wimpered still in my fantasy.

I was steadily working my way up to an orgasm when a smell, kind of like honey and lemons wafted through the air. The minute I smelt it, I finally blew. My hips shot up and my shoulders jammed back against the bed and pillows. Cum shot all over my chest and hand while my ass muscles worked my finger.

I collapsed down completely on my bed, tired beyond all belief. That orgasm was stronger than any I had ever felt. My eyes slid closed and I fell asleep with one hand still on my dick and another buried in my ass. Even still covered in my own cum.

***

Jason was cleaning up his own orgasm when the smell of lemon and honey appeared on the air. He looked over at the plant sitting on his desk. It was the twin to the one he had given Dayce. They both always did the same thing. Whether it be releasing that aphrodisiac scent or using those vines to wind itself around prey and drive them to orgasm.

The plant was created to release that smell when around unfulfilled desires or wants. What was even better was those two plants were also keyed to him. So the smell would only be released when someone had unfulfilled desires about him. He grinned and thanked his lovely witch sister for such a thoughtful gift even as the smell made him hard.

Seems Dayce had some wants and desires for him after all. Jason licked his lips and got into bed. The plants truly where amazing things. Because that smell meant they both smelled that scent. Now he could share Dayce’s dream. Or tweak it if he wanted. He couldn’t wait to fall asleep.

As he drifted off, he thought, I would like him tied naked to a four-poster bed with all kinds of goodies on a table beside it. Oh and a blindfold over his eyes please.

***

When Jason opened his eyes again, he knew he was dreaming. And it wasn’t just because he could see Dayce tied to a four-poster bed like he wanted. Naked. It was because everywhere else was a kind of mist like essence.

He walked to the bed and slid a hand over an exposed hip, he said softly, “Hello Dayce.” Jason felt him jerk slightly in his restraints. “What’s going on? Where am I? Why am I tied up? Jason, is that you? Am I dreaming?” Jason smiled softly at the scared voice. It was cruel of him, but he couldn’t help it.

“Dayce, yes, you are dreaming. May I ask you a question?”

He waited until he saw a tiny nod. Dayce was still scared but calming now that he knew who was in the make belief room.

“Are you in love with me?”

Dayce froze. He went so still, Jason feared he had knocked himself out of the dream world. Then he started to shake. “Yes, been in love with since junior high,” He finally answered in a tear laden voice that was barely able to be heard. Jason looked at the face hidden beneath the blindfold and saw tears falling from beneath it.

His heart clenched even as his cock shot harder. He wanted Dayce to cry from pleasure-pain not heartache. He set a hand down on Dayce’s forehead and pushed his golden-brown locks back. Leaning down he pressed a kiss to the sweaty place. “It’s okay because guess what I have been in love with you since junior high too,” He whispered into Dayce’s forehead.

He heard Dayce draw in a shock-filled breath. But the tears had stopped, at least for now. He stood back up and walked over to the table filled with all the things he would need. He looked over the many floggers, then his favorite, the riding crop, the ball gags, masks, canes, lit candles, butt plugs and the whips. There was also a decent supply of lube. He licked his dry lips and turned back towards the tied figure on the bed.

“Dayce, have you ever heard of BDSM?” he asked. When the prone figure didn’t answer he walked back over and flicked the head of Dayce’s cock. When he jumped he asked the question again.

“I expect an answer when I ask you a question,” he added in a voice that left little doubt of punishment if there wasn’t an answer.

“Y-yes.”

“Yes what?”

“Yes I have heard of B-BDSM.”

“Would you like to try it?”

Dayce stilled again and then shuddered. "Will you hurt me?" he asked in a tiny voice.

Jason gave a love filled smile even though he knew Dayce couldn't see it.

"I won't mar or damage you if that's what you're asking. There will be a little hurt but it will be a good hurt." He answered truthfully. He didn't want to hurt Dayce like that just use a little pain to take the pleasure even higher. He wanted to be in control of Dayce. To have him turn to Jason no matter what.

"So, if I don't like it..?" Dayce trailed off not wanting to finish.

"If I go too far then I want you to tell me right away okay. I want to take care of you. To have you as mine. A cherished, pampered and spoiled thing that is mine."

When he finished, Dayce had relaxed some and was even starting to get aroused. Jason smiled with relief. Maybe he could get Dayce to at least try it.

"If we start slow, will you let me make you mine?" he asked.

Dayce hesitated a second and then nodded. Jason held back his shout of triumph. Then his face lost its grin and he went back over to the table of goodies. He had a submissive to create. One that he wanted as his forever. So this was going to be the most important thing he had ever done.

But he was up to the challenge.