 As they approached the house, Matt had to remind himself he'd agreed to this. He didn't want to give up on the first real relationship he'd ever had, so he was going to branch out and try some of these things Liam was into. He just hoped he could get his dick hard long enough to get it over with.

Inside, they were greeted by a nice enough looking guy with cropped brown hair and green eyes. "Paul," Liam leaned in and the two kissed each other on the cheek, leaving Matt feeling like his blood had turned to fire.

"Glad you two could make it," Paul said as he led them down a hallway and into a living room where the festivities had already begun. A handful of guys sat around the room, lounging on a white couch and chair, all naked, erections in hand. In the middle of the room sat a matching ottoman with a long, dark haired man kneeling on top of it, two guys on either end. The first had his hands wrapped around the guys waist as he poisoned his hips, the second was prying the man's mouth open with his middle fingers, cock sliding in and out of his lips.

"Oh, this guy again?" Liam smiled, eyeing their entertainment for the evening. 

Again...

"Yeah, Jason." Paul tilted his head, watching the show. "Some of the guys requested him."

Matt didn't want to hear their friendly banter anymore, it just enraged him. He went to stand next to the couch, eyeing the side table that held a basket of assorted condoms and bottles of lube.

"You gonna strip, guy?" The man sitting nearest him asked, taking his eyes off the show long enough to size Matt up.

With a non-coherent grumble, Matt unbuttoned his jeans, kicked off his shoes, pulled off his shirt. Standing naked, he took his soft cock in hand and watched as a new guy approached. Jason was flipped onto his back and taken by another man. When the guy getting blown decided he was done, Matt caught sight of Jason's eyes again.

They were a rich hazel, like two chips of amber. The guy looked...numb. His soft cock lay flat against his stomach, bouncing around with each thrust of the guy currently fucking him. Jason's mouth fell open and he accepted the cock being pressed into his mouth, though he didn't seem particularly enthusiastic.

"Hot, isn't he?" Liam asked. He'd lost his clothes at some point and he stood there watching, fully erect. "He's amazing at deep throating; he could probably take your entire length."

"Great," Matt muttered. He then realized he'd already decided he wanted to fuck this guy, and that surprised him. His original plan had been to just rub one out over whoever and get through this as quickly as possible. But he felt drawn to this man, wanting to grasp his slim hips and slide inside of him.

"Want to go together?" Liam asked. Matt noticed the two guys taking their turns were finishing up, so he nodded, digging a condom out of the basket. Liam gave him an odd look when he went to stand next to the guy pounding into Jason's ass, but just gave a small shrug and tagged out the guy being blown.

"All yours buddy," the guy huffed, stepping aside and leaving Jason's gaping asshole ready for him.

He wasn't entirely sure when his cock had hardened, but it had, giving an excited little jump as Matt flicked open the bottle of lube. He squirted some into his palm and rubbed it down his length, guiding himself to Jason's waiting asshole. Liam had already begun, his cock sliding in and out of Jason's mouth with a ferocity Matt feared would end in the guy having a concussion. Taking his time, he rubbed the head of his cock around Jason in small circles, pressing just the tip inside. Slowly, inch by inch, he slid forward until his pelvis hit Jason's ass.

He took his time, leaning forward and planting his hands on either side of Jason to control his slow, deliberate strokes. After a few minutes, Liam pulled away and Matt brushed off the guy wanting to replace him, moving his face into Jason's line of sight, blocking his mouth from the other men. Jason's eyes met his for a half a second before closing, and Matt moved one hand to cup Jason's cheek, brushing his thumb across his plump lower lip.

"Jason," Matt whispered softly. "Open your eyes for me? I want you to look at me when I come inside of you." His hand moved from Jason's cheek, down his chest and to the man's cock, wrapping his fingers around the limp length of him. "Don't you want to come too?" he asked softly.





"Hng....Hng...Hgnnn." With each ever more vigorous stroke, rough grunts escaped the throat of the man, sweat beading on his features that were scrunched in an expression of lusted concentration. The man's hand was fisted in Jason's hair, tugging the knelt man closer with each harder thrust. As his climax was building, the man had become increasingly erratic in his ways, breath falling hard as he plunged himself in, harder, faster, deeper with each and every stroke, teetering so close to the edge. Tighter and tighter the man's grip grew, his need for satisfaction feverishly driving him to plunge himself forward, burying the younger man's head deep into his crotch with one last, low groan.

His place had soon been taking by another, whose middle fingers impatiently pried at Jason's lips to urge them to open, barely giving the brunette a chance to catch his breath from the previous encounter. All the while, another man behind him drove himself in with long, deep strokes. A cold, wet slick of moisture clung to Jason's hip, where the man's lubed-stained hands gripped tightly at the hipbone, using it to drive himself deeper. It was this cool, slick patch of skin that Jason was strangely aware of, a fleeting touch of reality in the man's detached mind as all else was blocked out.

Behind him, the man slumped as he came to his end, slipping away to make room for the next, no doubt. Jason knew it would not be long before the void would be filled, the next eager man to seek his release only steps away.

He was turned, laid onto his back for the next to take his turn. There was not the slightest hint of protest, or even the slightest second of resistance as Jason allowed himself to be laid out, a new man taking place between his legs. For a brief moment, Jason caught the satisfied smirk on the man's face as he angled himself against his entrance, taking the plunge with little warning. In one swift, almost savage stroke, the man lurching in completely. A slight breath escaped Jason, a move his next user instantly took advantage of to position himself against his lips, sliding his thick length down his throat. His eyes flitted through the room for a moment, though they did not quite register the men gathered all around him, eagerly awaiting their turn, or rubbing themselves to their own end, to the image of him, taking them two by two.

He did not know how many had already had their fill, how many were waiting for their second wind. He was numb, detached from the actions he had let himself be subjected to, too many times. Yet, each time, he allowed it to happen again and again, craving their desire for him, needing their need for him. To know that it was him that gave them that satisfaction, to know there was some use to him.

He could feel the hood brush over the ball of his tongue-piercing, a sensation that made the other shudder as the metal played against his sensitive flesh. The man's fingers played over Jason's throat, the man pulling his head downwards to allow himself the best access, no doubt enjoying the visual of his member rippling through Jason's throat with each and every thrust.

He closed his eyes once more as he was thrust into by both men, each seeming to aim to meet in the middle as they worked themselves towards their own release, the sound of flesh slapping against flesh prominent in the room. The rhythmic clapping somehow reminded him of the sound of rain, hitting the window of his old bedroom window, when night time hit and the house was quiet.

Again, he was given a moment to breathe, as yet another two took place beside him. The man before him took little time at all to position himself, soon thrusting into him feverishly in harsh, forceful strokes that would have had any lesser man gagging for mercy. Yet, no sound escaped Jason's lips as he was taken, his experienced throat no longer so sensitive to invasion. Any groans or moans were stifled, silenced by the man who had taken to his mouth.

The man between his legs, however, took his time, almost hesitatingly slow to circle his member into position, gently inching himself in with a carefulness none of the others had bothered with. A carefulness that was almost futile with the way he had already been rammed into by the others before him.

Finally, after a few more rough, deep thrusts, Jason was once more granted a breather as the man stepped away from his head, the next already geared to step in place. Yet, as the new man tried to step in, he was blocked by the man between Jason's legs, leaning in to catch Jason's eye. A hand reached out, stroking past his cheek, tracing the lines of Jason's lips as he spoke, still moist from a touch of saliva.

It was not the man's request that caught Jason off guard. How many times had he been barked at to look up? How many times had his head been jerked up by his long, brown hair, for the other to look down at him with such a superior smirk as they spilled their seed inside him? He had seen that superior look so many times before as they looked down at him, calling him their dirty slut as they used his body. Yet, he would never meet their eye, instead focusing on a point somewhere a bit higher, as to try and avoid the demeaning look with them.

Yet, as his eyes flitted up, he caught the man's eyes. Clear blue eyes looked down at him, though the expression within him was not the lusty superiority he so usually encountered. He couldn't quite tear his gaze away, finding himself pulled back from his detachment by those piercing blue orbs, looking down at him so peculiarly. He could feel his breath halt for a moment, feeling the man's finger trace down his bare chest, rippling over his tight abs.

Falling even lower, his hand reached out, taking hold of Jason's neglected member, a question posed that Jason could not immediately answer as a groan escaped his lips, feeling his loins twitch in response to the man's touch. A reply failed to form. Heat rushed through his blood, his slackened cock firming within the man's grasp. His eyes shuttered at the sensation of those fingers, folded around him in a gentle hold. A non-coherent groan escaped his lips, head lulling back slightly to teeter against the edge of the ottoman. He forced himself to look up again, to grant the man his desire. Again, he found himself meeting the man's gaze, unable to even look away, or to direct his gaze to the man's forehead, like he would usually do. There was something about the man that simply pulled him in.





As those dark eyes met his own, Matt noticed they didn't look as empty as they'd seemed before. It brought a smile to his lips. "Hi," he breathed, unable to stop the sharp intake of breath as Jason moaned, his lower muscles tightening around Matt's cock. His head fell and he pressed his lips to Jason's throat. "Mmm..." Matt moved his lips to the man's jaw and he started thrusting again, faster than before. The tip of his cock tingled with every movement, and he worked his hand along Jason's shaft.

"Yo! Guy!" Someone stepped up, casting a shadow over Matt's back. "Quit hogging the cum-dumpster!" A hand tangled in Jason's long dark hair, yanking. Then Matt felt their bodies slide forward a couple inches, until Jason's head was hanging off the ottoman and the man was able to force his cock between Jason's lips.

Matt's jaw clenched, his thrusts stopping as he watched that cock slide in and out of Jason's mouth. He supposed it should have turned him on, but the way Jason accepted being manhandled and choked, the way these guys decided that doing such things was okay...it made his blood boil.

His hand shot out, palm slamming into the man's abs and sending him stumbling back a few steps. 

"Yo! What's your deal, guy?"

"Yeah, Matt." He peered over at Liam, who stood there with a small frown. "What's your deal?"

Matt ignored them, wrapping his arms around Jason to lift him. Turning, he sat on the ottoman so Jason was straddling his hips. "Are you okay?" He asked, cupping Jason's cheek.





It was not all that long before the man leaned in to Jason, lips nipping at the skin of Jason's neck, finding a spot that made the tall, lanky man shiver as it was caressed. No longer able to look at the man now that he had buried his face so intimately against Jason's throat, with lips trailing upwards towards his jaw, Jason allowed his eyes to close once more. His head lulled back at the sensations flooding through him, as the man's hand worked his shaft in perfect timing with his own thrusts. With the end of each stroke, the man's hand would brush against the metal ball pierced through Jason's end, sending jolts of electricity through his spine.

His breath fell shallow, feeling the heat build with every deliberate movement, feeling his abdominal muscles tense with each move. For a brief, unforgettable moment, he forgot he was in a room filled with others, waiting for their turn. Reality, however, had a harsh way of getting back to him, when a hand fisted roughly in his hair as a man protested against the actions of the other man.

Pain shot through his scalp as he was dragged backward some, a hot, throbbing cock pressed and forced through his lips once more, instantly thrusting into the man with relentless purpose. Short on breath, he felt his chest protest against the intrusion, the man choking for a moment with so little time to adjust.

The man, however, reeled backwards rather quickly, shoved away by the blue-eyed man that had become so possessive. Before he even knew what was going on, he was lifted by the man into his lap, a hand gently caressing his face as the man asked him if he was ok.

He could only shrug. What else could he say? It had to have been expected, really. He had paid attention to only one. Of course the others would not accept it. Truth be told, the man had been slightly surprised two waiting cocks had not been pressed into his hands when he had been pushed on his back. After all, that had been two more opportunities for the others.

"Hey, man. What the hell?" A voice piped up, aimed towards Matt. Tension hung in the room, the newcomer having overstepped his mark. One of the larger men stepped forward, roughly tugging Jason from the man's laps, while another laid his hand upon Matt's shoulder. "Hey, dude. I think you should leave." The man muttered. A few others nodded in agreement. Already, the man tried to escort Matt towards the room, while the others moved to circle Jason once more.

The large, burly man roughly pushed Jason over the ottoman once more, one large hand pinning the lanky brunette's hands behind his back as he pushed him facedown into the fabric. "Let me show you how a real man does it." He grunted, positioning himself. Within a moment, he drove himself in to the balls, letting out a laugh as a pained grunt escaped Jason's lips. "That's right, you little cumdumpster." He chuckled, pulling back slowly to ram himself in roughly once more. "Take it like the dirty little slut you are."





Matt tried to hang on to Jason when another guy stepped up and dragged him out of his arms, but the hands on his shoulders drew him back, Liam aiding the guy pulling him away. "Hey, dude. I think you should leave."

"Maybe he's right," Liam chimed in, drawing Matt's eyes from the spectacle of Jason being thrown onto the ottoman.

"Fuck off, Liam. I'm done with you," he snarled, shaking off their hands. "And you," he stuck his finger in the other guys chest, "don't fucking touch me." Matt knew he wasn't playing well with the others, and that they weren't going to put up with it. His gaze begged the other man to start something, throw a punch and see where it got him. He looked like he just might, until Paul stepped into the middle of them.

"Carl, chill," He said slowly, pressing his hand against the other man's chest until he took a step back. "Liam, I think you and Matt need to leave."

"Agreed," Liam grasped Matt's hand and tried to pull him away, to where their clothes lay in a pile on the floor. Matt stayed planted to the ground, watching as Jason was violated by a large hairy man, calling him a cumdumpster and a slut. He'd had enough. Wrenching his hand free of Liam's grasp, he stepped up to the bear currently using Jason.

"You think you're a real man?" He asked. "Let's see what you've got." And with that, Matt shoved him, sending the man stumbling backward and away from Jason's prone body.

Matt was taller than this man by a couple inches, but the bear easily had thirty pounds on him, all muscle. So, he was probably going to get his ass kicked, even if the other guys didn't join in. Which they probably would. He didn't care, though. If they were busy beating on him, maybe they'd forget about Jason.

Matt punched the man across the face when he straightened, buying a few more seconds which he used to peer over his shoulder at Jason. He wished he had something smart to say, but he didn't. Matt just met the man's dark eyes, offered him a small, crooked smile and a wink, and then he was crashing to the floor, the burly man slamming into him like a linebacker.

By the time he hit the carpet, he had no breath in his lungs. His gasping like a fish out of water cost him as another spectator decided to join in, kicking him in the ribs. No oxygen for Matt, it seemed.

"Stop! Stop it!" Liam's shrieking cut through the humming in Matt's ear drums, and he tried to find Liam in the group, but the bear decided he needed payback for that punch in the jaw. As the meaty fist connected with his face, Matt saw stars, tasted blood. It had been years since he'd gotten his ass thoroughly kicked. It still sucked, big time.





As the hold on his arms was all too suddenly released, Jason collapsed forward none too gently as his balance was broken, the man behind him roughly shoved away. For a moment, he simply laid there, catching his breath, no longer disturbed by the crowd around them. It seemed any desire to jump in had been completely killed off, as the bear of a man took on the smaller man who had challenged him.

Turning his face towards the actions, seeing that brief, crooked smile and that slight wink, moments before the other retaliated. It seemed the bear had no intent of taking the insult to his manhood all too lightly, slamming the smaller man onto the ground. Within moments, another joined in to kick his defender in the ribs, while the other slammed a large fist into the man's jaw, while yet another man screamed for them to stop.

Somewhat shakingly and still a bit unstable, Jason raised himself to his full length. Surprising even himself, he grabbed the bear of a man by the shoulder, jerking the man around.

"WHAT?" The man snarled as he eyed Jason with anger still burning in his eyes. Though they were roughly the same height, Jason was almost laughably thinner and lankier than the hulking, hairy man. A finger was jabbed against his smooth, hairless chest. "Buzz off, you greedy cumguzzler." He spoke. "You'll get to suck my cock after I'm done with this one." He dismissed Jason.

"That's enough, Bruce." Jason spoke; a surprised expression falling over the latter's face. Jason never spoke back. He never protested anything. He would let him do anything he'd desire, would beg for Bruce's thick cock if Bruce commanded him so. And here the man stood, refusing to back down. What the hell had gotten into the subdued man?

"Let him go." Jason added, with a tone that didn't sound all that confident about what he was about to do. "We're all going. Party's over." He added, finding a bit of strength there.
