 SATURDAY MORNING FILMING

Bruce the director met with the three actors. Eric, a beautiful blonde Carrie and the pretty ladyboy Carla. He explained that neither Eric or Carrie were to know that Carla had a dick so they were to act surprised when they saw it. They had met at a club and Eric had invited them back to his place. Bruce asked Eric a special favor.

"Eric, when you three are sitting on the sofa, I want you to kiss both of them. Are you okay with that?"

Eric had never kissed any gay or ladyboy on the lips. He had kissed their necks at times in a moment of affection. He didn't kiss Traci, so this would be a first.

"It's not a long kiss, just a peck. It adds to the deception."

"Okay, I guess I can do that."

"Good, Carrie and Carla you too will kiss too. Okay, positions and let's roll it." 

The three entered the apartment like set. They sat on the sofa with Eric in the middle. Eric kissed both of them and put his arms around them. He was surprised how soft Carla's lips were and it was like kissing a girl. They kissed him back then Carrie leaned across him to kiss Carla. Eric had their breasts in both his hands until Carla lowered her body to free Eric's cock from his pants. She unzipped his fly and unfastened his pants. Eric lifted his hips as Carla pulled them down and acted surprised when his big dick spring out.

"Oooh, Carrie look at this."

Carrie broke the kiss with Eric and she too acted surprised when she saw the large erect cock. She had seen plenty of cocks in the business, so she knew Eric was special. Carla stroked the rigid shaft for a few minutes and leaned over to take it in her mouth. Eric laid his head back on the sofa and let out a soft moan. Carla certainly was an excellent cocksucker.

Carrie who acted anxious to get in on the action checked out Carla's pussy. She moved away from Eric and knelt before the pretty brunette. Carrie pushed the mini skirt up to Carla's waist baring the thigh high hose and dark panties. She noticed a bulge in Carla's panty. Carrie hooked her fingers in the waistband of the panties and pulled them down slowly. She let out a yelp when Carla's erection popped into view. It was an average looking cock but it was still a cock.

"Eric, Carla has a cock," Carrie acted in surprise.

"What, let me see. I'll be damned," Eric acted equally surprised.

Carla had gone right on sucking Eric's cock and acted unconcerned about the fuss. Carrie said that she had expected to be eating pussy but now she was faced with sucking cock. Shrugging her shoulders, she lowered her mouth to Carla's dick and performed one of her signature blow jobs. They continued pleasuring each other for several minutes until Eric suggested they take the action to his bedroom. They moved to the other set that was a bedroom with a large bed. Once there they removed their clothes and approved of each other's body.

The three of them got in the king size bed and moved into a daisy chain position. Eric began eating Carrie's tasty pussy while Carla sucked on his big dick. Carrie resumed sucking on Carla's 6" cock. Eric played with Carrie's lovely ass and toyed with her anus as he ate her. In turn Carrie began to finger Carla's anus and found it to be quite receptive. The three of them stayed in that position until everyone orgasmed with Eric cumming on the side of Carla's face. Carla also came on Chrissie's face.

"Great, now stay in that position for a few minutes and then I want you two to fuck Chrissie," Bruce called out.

They remained in the daisy chain for several minutes, sucking, licking and caressing each other. Both Eric and Carla remained hard and then it was time to fuck Carrie. Eric rolled to his back and beckoned Carrie to sit on his cock. As she was settling on his dick, she felt lube being applied to her anus. Carla probed Carrie with one and then two fingers. Satisfied that she was ready, Carla eased her cock into Carrie's ass. As the three of them fucked establishing a rhythm Carrie felt Carla's firm tits and hard nipples press into her back. Carrie loved the double penetration with a big cock in her pussy and a more manageable one in her ass. Carla could feel Eric's cock through Carrie's membrane.

Carrie had multiple orgasms before Eric and Carla ejaculated onto her, Carrie's lifeless body collapsed on top of Eric sandwiched between him and Carla. Semen was puddled from her anus to her pussy. The three of them remained still for several minutes and Carrie could feel the semen coating her vagina and rectum. Carla finally rolled off of Carrie who in turn rolled off of Eric. Carla leaned over and took Eric's cock in her mouth and sucked it clean.

"Great shoot, everyone. That's it for today. I'll see you three back here on Monday. Have a good rest of the weekend," Bruce said dismissing them.

As always, the three of them showered, dressed and headed their own way. Eric had learned that none of the actors, unless they were a couple, ever had sex with each other outside the studio. It was all business. Eric stopped for a snack and then went to the fitness club to workout. Later at the apartment, he got some homework done. That night he would sleep in Traci's bed as she loved to wake up together on her days off.

THEY LOVE THEIR SUNDAYS TOGETHER

Traci woke up while Eric was in the bathroom. Knowing that Eric was anxious to fuck her, she got on all fours and displayed her lovely ass to him. When he returned, he stared at the lovely body in bed. He thought that he would first like to massage her and play with her lovely body but he was really anxious to fuck her. He would have plenty of time to play with Traci's body.

Eric retrieved the lubricant from the night table where they kept it handy. He knelt behind her and applied the lube generously to her snug aperture. Traci cooed with pleasure as first one and then two fingers entered her anus. Eric felt the tightness and he knew that he would need plenty of lube. As anxious as he was to get his cock in that hot looking ass, he enjoyed the anal foreplay as did Traci. He took his time fingering and playing with her sweet ass.

Finally he could wait no longer and he eased his cock into the beauty's ass. The fit was tight and he had to feed his cock to her a little at a time. Little by little his cock entered Traci and eventually filled her rectum taking her breath away. He stopped moving and allowed Traci to once again adjust. He began to move slowly and he watched his cock as it slid in and out of the shapely ass. He knew he was not going to last much longer. Her ass was so beautiful and the sight of his cock going in and out was so erotic. Besides it was always a very tight fit and he was as charged up as ever.

Eric felt his release build in his scrotum and travel through his shaft. He stopped moving and leaned over Traci hugging her as he filled her rectum with a huge load. He felt her hand reach between their legs and cup his taut ball sac as he ejaculated. It seemed as if he had an endless supply of semen as shot after shot filled the anal passage. They both remained still and he remained hard in her sheath. As he recovered from his massive ejaculation, he resumed fucking her ever so slowly. He wanted to stay in her ass and cum as many times as he could until he had nothing left.

Traci requested they lay on their sides if he was going to keep fucking her. With incredible flexibility they moved to their sides with his cock still in her ass. They were on their left sides in a spoon position when he resumed fucking her. His right hand instinctively cupped her breast. He loved the firmness of her tit and he felt the nipple harden and press into his palm. He rocked back and forth slowly and he savored every minute he was in Traci's super fine ass.

They had not spoken a word since they woke up and there was really nothing to be said. They were enjoying each other and Traci was the perfect lover. He hugged Traci to him as he came in her ass a second time. He stayed in her ass and continued to fondle the firm titties as she played with her cock. Eric noticed that she was jerking off. He felt Traci stiffen as she orgasmed and her sphincter tightened around his softening cock.

They remained in the spoon position and Eric's cock eventually went soft and slipped from Traci's ass. A trial of semen followed the cock as if her anus had been unplugged. She expelled more semen from her rectum and he felt the wetness. Still they remained in the same position and actually briefly dozed off together. 

Minutes later, they were out of bed and in the shower, they dressed and went to their favorite café for brunch. That day they walked around the city and Chinatown window shopping. Later they had dinner in Chinatown before they headed home. They went straight to the bedroom except that Eric had to pee. He relieved himself, washed up and walked back into the bedroom. Traci was on all fours with her curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. Eric felt his cock twinge as he looked at her hot ass. 

Eric's cock hardened as he approached the bed. He knelt behind her and began to caress her beautiful ass. She handed him the lube and asked him to get her ass ready. He put an ample amount in his hands and rubbed it all around her anus. As before, he inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing her ass for another fuck. He sawed his fingers in and out of her anus and he was turned on by the thought of burying his cock in her shapely ass again that evening. He moved closer to her and lined up the head of his cock with the anal opening. He eased his big dick into her ass.

The cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to her a little at a time. Traci's ass chute was warm and tight as he went deeper and deeper into her. Soon he was all the way in her ass and he started a slow fucking motion. He continued to pump her ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. He caressed her smooth round ass as he fucked it. Traci asked him to fuck her harder and quicker. So, he picked up the pace and he pounded her ass faster and faster. She moaned with each thrust of his cock. He could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed in her ass. 

Eric fired a substantial load in her ass filling it to overflowing. As he continued to fuck, his semen backed up in her rectum and oozed out. Traci used her talented sphincter muscle to milk his cock and drain it dry. The milking action weakened Eric and sent tingles through his body. He pulled out of her ass and collapsed on the bed next to her. Traci rolled over on her back and jerked off again. He watched as she stroked her erect cock. She ejaculated and the semen landed on her abs and pooled around her pubes. He reached over and tweaked her rock-hard nipples. 

They remained in his bed for nearly another half hour before they both went to separate bathrooms to clean up. Then they went to their own bedrooms to sleep as it had been a busy day and an exhaustive evening. Eric had to be up early to get to the studio. They both had to work the next day and they fell asleep quickly. 

MONDAY THE SECOND SHOOT

Eric arrived at the studio and greeted Carrie and Carla. Bruce met with the three and reviewed the simple script with them. This scene had the three of them already in bed. Eric had an erection. Carla saw his cock and reached for it.

"Eric, I would like you to fuck me in the ass. Would you do that for me?"

"Of course, you have a lovely ass."

Carla got on all fours and handed Eric the lube. He lubricated Carla's ass thoroughly and then applied it to his cock. He moved in behind her and eased the mushroom head passed her sphincter. Carla placed her hand on his thigh to control the penetration. Carrie watched as the big dick wormed its way into Carla's ass inch by inch. Eric would feed her a little and then withdraw slightly. He began a slow rocking motion and gradually fed his cock to Carla's receptive ass. Carla had a wanton look on her face as the massive cock went deeper and deeper. Eric then began a methodical fucking of the shapely ass. He caressed the lovely buttocks as he watched his cock go in and out.

Carrie had been fingering her pussy as she watched the anal penetration when the director told her to join in. She moved under Carla so she could suck Carla's cock and watch the penetration from below. Carla reciprocated by lowering her head and licking Carrie's pussy. It was very clear, even though they were working, that they were going to enjoy having incredible sex together. Carrie reached up and fondled Eric's ball sac and let her finger lightly scrape along his perineum. 

Between Carrie's ministrations and Carla's snug ass, it did not take long for Eric to cum. His body stiffened, he pulled out and shot a massive load at her anus. It was too much for Carla and she ejaculated onto Carrie's face. Seconds later, Carrie orgasmed rewarding Carla with the taste of sweet nectar. Eric caressed Carla's ass and watched his seed trickle down into Carrie's mouth. The three of them flopped down on the king size bed. 

"Another good shoot, take a break and Eric this time you fuck Carrie in the ass. Carrie you will suck Carla's cock. Eric after you cum, you eat Carrie's pussy," Bruce explained.

That's the exactly the way the shoot went and Bruce was ecstatic. Once again, the actors, showered, dressed and went their own way. Eric went back to the apartment to have lunch with Traci. Later it was a night of studying with Traci at 

work.

That night, Eric received a call from the studio that they needed him on Tuesday if he could make it. One of the other actors called in sick and they didn't want to put off the shoot. Eric had learned to accommodate the studio whenever he could as it put him in good graces. He agreed and Bruce said they would review the script in the morning.

TUESDAY FILL-IN

As was always the case when Eric had to work, he slept in his own bed the night before so that he didn't disturb Traci when he got up early. He arrived at the studio by 9:00 as the filming was to begin at 10:00. He met with Bruce the Director and Justin the other actor. Justin was a good-looking young man, he was 5'6" and weighed a trim 130 pounds. He had bleach-blonde straight hair, a slender body with a nice ass. Eric had fucked shapelier asses but he knew he could fuck Justin if the script called for it. Bruce laid out the shoot.

"Okay guys we will do two shoots today with a break in between them. The first scene has you Eric as a plumber coming to Justin's apartment to fix a leak in the kitchen sink. You're on your back with your head under the sink when Justin starts playing with you. Justin you unfasten his pants, fish his cock out and suck it. Eric you gradually push yourself out from under the sink and then stand up. This time when you cum, let the first shot enter his mouth and then Justin you pull it out and stroked it until he stops shooting. Then take the cock back in your mouth and let the cum from the first shot ooze out along the shaft."

"Wow, that is different. What's the second shoot?"

"Eric, you will fuck Justin in the second shoot after the break."

"Bruce, I don't know if I can take that cock in my ass."

"Sure. you can Justin. We'll use plenty of lube. In fact, let's have you wear a butt plug during the first shoot." 

Justin changed into black nylon shorts going commando underneath. Before he put the shorts on his lubed his bottom and then inserted a butt plus in his ass. Eric got hard just watching the prep. They were then called to the set for filming. Eric was given a tool box to carry. Bruce called for action and the shoot was underway. Eric followed Justin into the mock up kitchen.

Justin explained that there was a leak in the sink but he didn't know where. Eric got on his back and scooted under the sink to act like the plumber. Justin looked down at the muscular body and rubbed his cock through his shorts. He then reached down and beginning at Eric's knee, he ran his hand up the inner thigh to the crotch. Eric acted as if he was unmoved by the action and kept working. Justin then unfastened the belt and pants. He pulled them down slightly and then freed Eric's cock from the underwear. He stroked the cock briefly and then took it in his mouth.

After several minutes of having his cock sucked, Eric wiggled his way out from under the sink. He got to his feet allowing his pants and underwear to drop to his ankles. His big cock stood out in front of him and Justin dropped to his knees and took it back in his mouth. Justin's shorts were tenting with his erection. Justin sucked on the big dick and caressed the back of Eric's thighs. Eric was close to cumming so he put his hand on the top of Justin's his head as a silent warning.

Eric felt his toes curl and then he ejaculated into Justin's mouth. As he had been told, Justin pulled the cock out and stroked it. He watched as several more voluminous streams spewed out and hit his face. Once Eric stopped cumming, Justin took the cock back in his mouth and as earlier directed, he allowed Eric's cum to ooze from his mouth along the shaft. Justin then removed the cock from his mouth, looked up at Eric and smiled. His face was cum-drenched. 

Bruce yelled from his director's chair, "Cut, holy shit was that ever hot. Justin go and get cleaned up and will resume shooting in 30."

Eric took a break and got a cup of coffee. Justin came in and joined him. 

"Eric, that was some load. Do you always cum that much?"

"Yes, at least the first two times in a day."

"So, I can expect another barrage when you fuck my ass."

"Pretty much, yes."

"I'm still a little concerned about taking your thick dick in my ass."

"I'll go slow. Touch me on the thigh if you want me to stop at any time."

"I will, thanks!"

"Places," Bruce yelled out. He then went over the second scene.

Eric and Justin returned to the set. It was to look like they never stopped. So, Eric dropped his pants and underwear to his ankles and Justin got back on his knees. Justin resumed sucking Eric's cock until it was hard and then Eric lifted Justin to his knees. He turned Justin toward the sink and yanked the shorts down baring his ass. The butt plug had been removed and the passage was well lubed. Eric moved in close and eased the head of his cock into the snug opening.

Justin gasped and grabbed the edge of the sink. Eric continued to press his cock forward and he watched the anus spread for his manhood. Justin was gripping the sink as the pressure was not like anything he ever felt. Still there was no pain and Eric was very gentle. Little by little, no more than a ¼ inch at a time, Eric fed his cock to the lovely ass. Every so often, Justin would touch Eric's thigh and Eric would pause.

It seemed like an eternity but finally Eric was in far enough that he could begin to fuck the sweet ass. He moved slowly in and out and as he did Justin opened up as his passage was continually stretched out. Justin was now into it and his own cock was stiff and throbbing. Eric picked up the pace a bit and as he did, more of his cock filled the rectum. When Justin felt the pubic hairs on his buttocks, he realized that he had taken all of Eric's cock. He muttered.

"Oh my God, oh fuck, oh, oh, fuck!"

Eric caressed the smooth ass cheeks as he was really into fucking the tight ass. Sooner than he liked, Eric felt the buildup of another ejaculation. This time he was to let one stream shoot into Justin's rectum and then pull out and shoot the rest on the anus and buttocks. Eric did just that and Justin gasped as the first volley rocketed into his channel.

Eric pulled out and stroked his cock aiming it at the dilated anus and curvy buns. Several more streams hit the pucker square and splashed up onto the buttocks. He then put his cock back in as he had been directed and fucked Justin for a few more minutes. Justin jerked off and shot a substantial load onto the floor. Eric pulled out and as he did, the seed from his first stream oozed out and ran down over Justin's testicles. The scene ended with Eric resting his cock in the crack of Justin's ass.
