 The same summer my wife and I rented a place on Long Beach Island for two weeks. This is at the New Jersey shore. The place we rented was on the beach and was the bottom level of a duplex. There were three bedrooms as we anticipated having some company (my best friend and his wife) during our stay. My friend was not able to go on vacation because of a work emergency so I suggested to my wife that she call her sister Carolyn and ask her if she wanted to drive down and enjoy the shore for a few days as there was certainly enough room. My wife called and left a message and the next day Carolyn responded and said that her husband Greg could not get off from work but that she would gladly drive down to get away. I had no idea that she would not be traveling alone. I knew that Jason was supposedly working with Greg for the summer. 

Two days later I was sitting on the deck looking at the ocean and having a cup of coffee when I heard Carolyn's voice. The time was about 11:30 A.M. I walked into the house and greeted her and (surprise!) also greeted Jason. I felt my pulse quicken. He had on a blue long sleeve oxford shirt with white denim shorts and flip flops. I helped him bring in the two bags from Carolyn's car and got them situated in their rooms. I asked Jason how he was able to get off from work and he said that he just asked Greg if he could take off for a few days and Greg said that was okay. I tried to keep my mind off of what had occurred on the Fourth of July but I was having trouble. I felt like a giddy teenager. I was so nuts I actually wondered if he had brought his "costume" with him. 

We served cold cuts and potato salad for lunch. Afterward Jason and I walked to the water and went for a dip. He had on a black Speedo. He had a bulge that was not huge but considering his thin muscular bulge everything he had showed. He did not have one ounce of fat on him. He had a sinewy type of build. He stood about five feet ten inches in height. He weighed about one hundred and seventy pounds He had perfect abs. He had muscular arms and had a tan from working outdoors. His hair was long. To some people Jason might appear to be effeminate. Women on the beach walking by did not seem to think so. He attracted so much attention it was astounding. He was the male version of a young Farrah Fawcett look from fifteen years earlier but with a cock. He had full lips and perfect white teeth with dirty blond hair that curled into ringlets. He could have been a movie star in my opinion.

We rode waves and got knocked around a lot. At about three o'clock I told Jason that I was going for my afternoon three mile run. He had his track shoes with him (did he have his heels as well?) and we went for a run. I never could keep up with his pace as he was a track star in school but he kept his pace to my level as we ran. It was humid and hot and I sweated. We both ran on the road parallel with the ocean with only running pants but without shirts. Jason received a lot of verbal attention from women passing by. He made like he did not hear their comments. Girls from nearby houses shouted out to him. Girls and women joggers as well as bicyclists shouted out some funny and some very off color comments to him. 

When we got back to the beach house I told Jason to get a change of clothes and I did the same. I bought out two towels and I pointed out the outdoor shower on the side of the house. While he was showering I went in and got two cold Heinekens from the refrigerator. I handed him a towel over the top of the shower door and also handed him the Heineken. He thanked me and asked me not to tell his mother about the beer. I told him my lips were sealed. I really wanted to seal my lips around his cock. He came out and I went in and showered. I was out in a few minutes and we sat on the deck. My wife and sister in law had gone shopping and had left a note. The note said they would be back by six thirty. It was four o'clock when I read the note. My heart started to pound because they were gone (and the house was empty) but I kept my cool. We chatted. He asked me how long we had planned on being at the shore and I told him two weeks. He was making conversation and it appeared that he wanted to really talk about something else. 

He asked me what I thought about our "experience" on the Fourth of July. I told him that I had enjoyed various experiences in my life and that I had learned to put them into a perspective. I told him that in life that was no absolutes. I took each experience in life and just enjoyed the good ones and forgot the bad ones. He wanted to know what category ours had been and I said a good one. He smiled and said that was the first time he had come with anyone else (either boy or girl). He added that he had to jerk off three times that night after our experience in order to get to sleep. I told him I loved doing it. By this time I was seriously hard. I asked him what he actually thought about the whole experience. He said he said he was fearful of being gay but that he loved dressing up and having his cock sucked by me. He said he felt safe with me. I told him to be careful who he chose to do it with unless he wanted the general population to find out. I told him that sometimes people go through phases and that it would be awful to be going through a phase and have people prejudge him and label him.

I wondered where this was going. I was about to find out.

He touched my shoulder and in a gentle voice asked me if I was interested in repeating what we had done. I smiled and said that would be okay. We walked into the house. His room faced the area where the cars would be parked. I pulled down the shade of one of the windows facing the parking area so that only an inch of window could be seen.

I looked at his shorts and he was pitching a tent. He kicked off his flip flops. I told him if anyone drove up then he could stay in the room and I would leave. I sat on the bed and asked Jason to pull his shorts down. He had put the shorts on that he had worn on the trip down with his mother. He had not put on underwear after the shower. His cock stood at attention actually facing the ceiling rather than sticking straight out. I noticed a prominent vein running up the right side towards the tip. He started to breathe in quick gasps. He had very little hair on his balls or on the rest of his body. The skin was soft on his muscular legs. The head of his cock was actually bigger than I thought. I would guess he was about six inches plus in length. When I ran my hand up his legs and under his balls he trembled.

I touched his cock with my thumb and forefinger and saw pre-cum form at its tip. I blew warm air on the head and pulled him closer with my right hand across his backside. His cock smelled soapy. He trembled. I licked the tip and he moaned. I pulled him into my mouth sucking slightly and after only about thirty seconds he blew his load. He warned me about the oncoming load only about two seconds before it started. The head of his cock was nearly at the back of my throat when he first came. I pulled back and tasted him while he continued to pulse. He was very salty. The head jerked in my mouth and felt like a garden hose looked when it was let loose. It seemed like a steady stream followed by a stoppage and then a stream followed by several pulses. I swallowed when I could. He held my head. I kept him in my mouth and like the first time we did this he did not get totally soft. I left him in my mouth with the head nearly down my throat. He pushed in and out and like magic became hard again in a matter of a few minutes. I was able to play and licked and placed my mouth over his rather large balls. I sucked hard and then soft, quickly and then slowly and also gave him gentle and then not so gentle bites to the head of his cock. This time he lasted ten minutes and he came again. I was holding his balls with my right hand when he came the second time. There was not as much come this time but it was not a dribble. I would say that he pulsed five times the second time. His come was not runny and not thick. It was a healthy load to swallow. This time I had him in my hand and jerked his with the head of his cock just inside of my mouth so he could watch his come shoot. At the same time I gently massaged his balls. I watched his face and expression as he came into my mouth. His mouth was open. At that moment in time I wanted to kiss him. His lips trembled as he gasped. The time was now about 4:30 P.M.

I was hard and I needed to come. I pulled my shorts down and sat on the edge of the bed. I stroked my cock. He left for a moment and came back with something in his right hand. It was a sheer black stocking. He removed my hand and draped the stocking over my cock. He used the gentle touch of his hand to jerk me slowly. I lasted about one minute and shot my load into the stocking. We both watched as my load pulsed again and again into the sheer nylon. I held on to him when I came and he hugged me in return.