 DINNER WITH TRACI

Eric took Traci to dinner at a very upscale restaurant. She looked amazing and no one would have ever guessed that she had a dick. A number of men with dates even checked her out. She wore a black cocktail dress and just the right amount of jewelry so as not to be gawdy. The dress was cut a couple of inches below her knees and showed off her shapely gams. Eric teased her.

"If I was here by myself, I would be hitting on you."

"Thank you, I'm glad you approve."

"I have something for you." 

"Well you better save it for the apartment. I don't think they would appreciate us having sex here."

"Funny, it's a gift."

Eric handed her the small box. She unwrapped it and saw the brand name. She opened the box and gasped at the beautiful watch.

"Oh my God this is beautiful. These watches start at $2,000."

"You deserve it. You are responsible for my porn career. I have earned over $15,000 in nearly three months. I wanted to show my appreciation."

Traci got up and came around the table to kiss him on the cheek. He noticed how soft her lips were and he wouldn't have minded her kissing her on the lips. However, that's not what they were about. They had a perfect setup and Eric could not have been happier. 

"Eric, you have a birthday coming up."

"Yeah, in another week. I'll be 19."

"Nineteen years old and on your way to earning nearly $100,000, wow! Let's do something special."

"Okay, what?"

"Let's go away for a long-weekend. I'll get someone to work for me on Saturday."

"Sounds great, I'll tell the studio that I won't be able to work that Saturday and Monday."

"Let's get it in before Thanksgiving."

"That's smart, I going home for the holiday. I promised my parents."

"I know, I'm going to spend it with Paula."

They finished their dinner and took a taxi back to the apartment. They were both ready to get in bed and have wonderful sex. Traci was ecstatic over her gift and she felt very close to Eric. They went into the bedroom and Eric undressed Traci until she was just in her black panties. Hs erection was growing in his crotch, and Traci's eyes went to that. She licked her lips, then let out a purring sound.

"I see you're already hard for me."

He walked towards her and hugged her. She twisted round so his cock was pressing against her ass. She took his hand and guided it to the front of her panties where he felt the shape of her cock pressing against them. He kept his hand on her small cock and he felt his cock raging. He reached up for her naked breasts.

"Make love to me, Eric."

Eric lifted her up and dropped her onto the bed. She was a picture of erotic perfection lying on her back, with her flat tanned stomach, and the black silk panties that hid a slight bulge. She teased him by acting unsure of his intentions.

"What are you going to do to me?" 

"I'm going to fuck you."

She let out a squeal of delight. As she ran her hands through her hair, Eric took in the sight again. He couldn't help himself. Her small breasts were magnificent. Her nipples were brown and pointed and he ran his hands over them. He bent down and sucked on her breasts. The nipple was hard against his tongue. He nibbled it and Traci let out a purr of joy.

His cock was rock hard now. He pulled off his clothes and pressed it once more against her soft black panties, aiming for her ass. Underneath her panties, he saw that she had an erection as well. He reached down and rubbed his hand over her cock. She let out a satisfied sigh. Then he moved down to her balls and rolled them between his fingers, stroking and gently squeezing them. It turned him on even more, especially when she moaned in pleasure.

He pulled off her panties and her small hard cock came free. He took it and with one hand began to massage her dick. She moaned even deeper, and he bent down once again to suck on her titties. He could feel the pressure building in his cock and he ran a finger over Traci's anus and he pushed in slightly.

He pushed his finger deeper into the warm tight recess and Traci let out a yelp of delight. Then he pulled his finger out, and pressed his cock against her anus. He pushed his cock against her hole. The lube had made her ass slick. He eased himself inside the tight warm canal. Traci made a sound of pleasure and gave him a wicked smile as he pushed his whole length inside her. As she ground her hips to the rhythm of their sex, he could feel her body responding to him. She was gripping round his cock and he pressed further and further into her. The sensation was incredible as always. Her smooth tanned legs wrapped round him, and he leant forwards onto her chest so her breasts were squeezed against him. He could feel where her little hard-on pushed into his stomach. She was smiling at him and ran her hand through his hair.

"I love your big cock. Fuck me harder."

She let out a sound like a grunt as he slammed into her, his cock pulsing with pleasure as it found ecstasy in her puckered passage. He began to rhythmically pound her, in and out. His force made her tiny breasts jiggle, and she began to be vocal. She was hard too, her little cock bobbing down in front of him and he grabbed it with one hand as with his other he mauled her breasts.

"Yes, that feels so fucking good! Make me cum, baby, make me cum."

He was going faster and faster, driven wild by the incredible sensation of being inside her. More than anything he wanted to fill her with his cum that night. He gazed down again at her beautiful body with the tight stomach and her gorgeous smile, and her little cock so hard in his hand, and his cock so hard in her ass.

The beautiful sexy Traci was moving her hips against him and squeezing her ass, expertly massaging his cock with her sphincter. Her lips were in a full smile. She was enjoying the moment with her cock was even harder now. She wanted to cum with him. Eric looked at the beautiful ladyboy lying on her bed, her legs wrapped round him and his cock deep inside her. He let out more grunts as he began to fuck her. Traci shrieked in delight, her little cock rubbing against his hand.

"Yes, Eric, that's it, this is amazing!"

Then, with a sudden rush building in his balls, he slammed into her with one massive effort. They both came in a flood. He felt her cock throbbing in his hand and a surge in his own cock as he exploded inside of her. He released dollop after dollop of warm semen into her ass, and watched as her own cock ejaculated, shooting out pulses of white seed onto her stomach.

Traci rose up on the bed to kneel next to Eric. He ran a hand round the back of her and cupped her ass, the feel of her firm flesh incredible. He pulled her close so that her breasts pressed against him. Her little cock was still dripping cum onto the bed. But she was also getting hard again. She reached down for his dick and held it next to hers. She began to play with them together, rubbing her penis against his.

Eric was again rock hard in her hand. She knelt down and took him in her mouth. It was incredibly sexy watching her skillfully manipulate his cock, running her tongue over it. He grew in her mouth and she began to slurp on it, then she upped her speed. He saw the outline of his dick pressing against her cheek as she let out more moans. He watched them in the mirror, the sexy ladyboy on her knees with her own erection rising sticking out as she expertly maneuvered his dick with her wet mouth.

He pulled Traci off his cock and pushed her onto the bed on all fours. Her anus was staring back at him, the puckered pink star that was still oozing out his cum. Her small cock hung down between her legs, and he went up behind her and reached underneath. He began to play with it and she let out soft sounds of joy. When she was fully hard again, he pressed his own member into her ass. She shrieked in delight, as he began to bang her doggy style. 

She squealed with pleasure as he filled her with eight inches of his manhood, her anus wrapping round him, her hips bucking back, her tiny breasts throbbing and her small cock standing to attention. She looked back at him with love and lust in her eyes as he again slammed into her. They rocked together, as he drove into her time and time again, before he finally unleashed a torrent of fresh cum into her warm rectum. Her own small cock reached the point of cumming. She sprayed her seed onto the bedsheets.

They lay down on the bed together, hot sweaty limbs wrapped round each other. She rubbed her cock against him. He reached around her ass and played with her soft, wet, tender anus. He ran a finger deep inside her so that she moaned again.

"Eric, that was the best ever."

"It was really hot."

Traci lay on her left side and Eric cuddled up behind her. They would rest for a while and then he slipped in cock back in her ass one more time. He fucked her slowly and eventually he came a third time. They stayed in that position and dozed off. They slept soundly through the night. 

On Friday, Eric and Traci had morning sex and then she went back to sleep. He went to the fitness center to workout but stopped for breakfast first. Later that day he ate an early dinner with Traci. She went to work and he went to class. That night, as every Friday night, he slept in his own bed. 

SATURDAY SHOOT

Eric arrived at the studio on Saturday morning and learned that he would be working with Timothy and Freddie again. This time they would be college students and Eric would catch them in his dorm room having sex. Timothy would be Eric's roommate but Eric did not know that he was gay. Eric liked the two gay actors as they both had nice asses and he enjoyed fucking them.

Bruce the Director got things rolling and the actors relied heavily on the cue cards for the initial dialogue. They moved to the set that was a dorm room with two bunks in it. Eric walked in the room and saw the two naked guys on Timothy's bunk in a 69 position.

"Timothy, what the hell?"

"Oh shit, we're so sorry. We thought you were at the library all afternoon. "

"I stopped by to pick up something. Are you gay?"

"Yes, now you know. We were looking for a private place to hookup and I didn't think you would be here."

"I saw that you are both into oral sex, have you tried anal yet?"

"We have."

"I want to see you two fuck each other."

"Really, here," Timothy replied.

"Of course, here, you were going to do it anyway if I wasn't here."

"We've never done that with someone watching."

"I'm sure that you haven't but today we will make an exception. Do you need some lubricant?"

"I have some," Timothy admitted sheepishly.

"Well then, I was right, you did plan to fuck each other. Go ahead get started."

Eric watched as the two young gays prepared to have anal sex. Timothy first lubed Freddie's ass and then after greasing his cock he entered his lover. Eric looked at them closely now and admired their sweet young bodies and curvy bottoms. Both of them wore their hair long but not too long. Just enough to cover their ears and neck. After watching them for a few minutes, Eric was to join in. He stripped naked and walked over to offer his cock to Freddie.

Both Freddie and Timothy acted surprised to see Eric naked but they acted even more shocked to see him naked with his big nearly eight-inch cock fully erect. They stopped fucking and they both stared at his imposing cock.

"I thought that you two may like to have some more cock," Eric said as he waved his big dick in front of Freddie's face.

"Are you gay?" Timothy questioned.

"No, I'm not into cock but I thought that you might like a taste of mine."

"We've never done it with anyone else," said Freddie acting embarrassed. 

"Do it Freddie, suck his cock. It's okay."

Freddie tentatively reached for Eric's cock. He held the long thick cock in his hand briefly before he finally licked the head with his tongue. Freddie opened his mouth and took the head in and he felt his jaw stretch to accommodate the size. He only took about four inches of the cock into his mouth and began to suck on it. Timothy resumed fucking his lover as Freddie sucked on Eric's cock. The scene got the three of them hot and it didn't take long for Timothy to cum and shoot a massive load all over Freddie's ass. 

Eric loved the blow job he was getting from the cute gay. Freddie did a good job sucking cock. Eric pulled out, stroked his dick and fried rounds of semen onto Freddie's face. Freddie was momentarily taken back by the force and amount of cum that splashed off of his forehead and cheeks. Timothy watched Eric's massive load hit his partner's face. Freddie wiped cum off his face and licked his fingers clean and then announced.

"I need to cum."

Timothy moved into position to be fucked and Freddie got the lube and prepared his ass. As Freddie was fingering Timothy's shapely ass, Eric was to fuck Freddie. Eric took the lube and fingered Freddie's ass just as he often did with any ass. Freddie acted as if he was leery of the big cock. Freddie slipped his cock into Timothy's ass and began fucking him while Eric continued to finger fuck Freddie. Eric, satisfied that the ass was well lubed, applied a generous amount of lube to his own cock. Eric moved in behind the cute gay and pushed his cock into the snug ass. Freddie acted scared and pleaded with Eric not to fuck him.

"Eric please no, you're too big, I can't take you in my ass."

"Nonsense, you just need to be broken in."

"Fuck him Eric, fuck his ass just like he's fucking mine."

"Oh God, please be gentle!"

Eric eased more of his cock into the snug but receptive ass. He was gentle though relentless as he fucked the sweet bottom. He would push in a little and stop allowing Freddie to adjust along the way. Finally, he began a rocking motion and began fucking him slowly. Freddie's ass had stretched enough now that he was comfortable with Eric's cock in him and he resumed fucking his partner. As Freddie picked up the pace fucking Timothy in the ass, he was pushing his own ass back onto Eric's cock. Eric slowed down as he didn't have to move much while Freddie was fucking Timothy. Freddie would bury his cock in Timothy and in the process his ass would slide along Eric's cock. When Freddie withdrew slightly from Timothy's ass, he impaled his ass on Eric's cock. Eric inched closer and closer as Freddie seemed to be able to take more and more of his cock. When Freddie felt Eric's pubic hair brush against his buttocks, he realized that Eric was all the way in his ass. 

Eric came before Freddie and doused the sweet ass with a huge load. He then put his cock back in the sweet bottom. Freddie then pulled out and flooded his lover's buns with an enormous load. As his buttocks clenched and unclenched as he came on Timothy's ass, he milked Eric's cock. Eric caressed the shapely ass rubbing his seed into the smooth skin. 

Timothy was erect again after the fuck session, so he had Freddie suck his cock. Eric watched them and then he too got hard again. Freddie was also hard again after sucking his lover who spewed his load on the pretty gay. This time Timothy would take Eric's cock in his ass as he sucked Freddie's cock. The three of them fucked, sucked until they came a final time. 

Bruce yelled, "Cut, that's a wrap. Get these guys some towels. Hey great shoot, it was really hot."

The three actors headed to the locker room where they always showered and cleansed themselves following a filming session. Eric got dressed said good bye to the others and stopped for lunch on the way home. It had been another good session and he liked working with Timothy and Freddie. 

THE WEEK AHEAD 

Eric didn't work on Friday and Saturday and he was grateful for the days off and the rest. He was still tired Friday morning after he and Traci spent all day Thursday together and ended with a marathon of sex. As she slept in, he got caught up on his studies. Later her went to the fitness center and then to class Friday evening. On Saturday he went to the fitness center and then returned to the apartment to help Traci with some chores. She went to work later and he watched his favorite porn movie again. He loved the bus scenes with the ladyboys. 

Sunday was a relax day with Traci sleeping in and him relaxing. Later that day they went out for brunch and then went for a walk around the city. That evening they had leftovers for dinner and went to bed early. They had sex but it was calm and simple. He only fucked Traci once with them in the spoon position. He fondled her titties and stroked her small cock as he fucked her ass. They both ejaculated and then fell asleep.

It was the last week before Thanksgiving and it was very routine. Eric worked at the studio on Monday and Tuesday, on Wednesday he went to the fitness center and hooked up with Trevor again. Thursday, he spent the day with Traci and Friday he worked at the studio in the morning. He attended classes on Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday evenings.

Traci was not able to take Saturday off as there was a big conference in town and the club would be super busy. So, there was no long weekend but he spent all day with Traci on Sunday. By day's end they had had so much sex that they were absolutely drained and sexually sated. On Monday, Eric flew home to be with his parents for Thanksgiving week. Traci would be spending it with her friend and co-worker Paula. The two ladyboys were not accepted at their family dinner tables. 

On the flight home, Eric mapped out exactly what he would tell his parents about living in San Francisco. He certainly could not tell them that he was a porn actor so he would tell them he worked at the college. They would be pleased that he was pursuing his college education. He looked forward to seeing Scotty and they would spend Tuesday together. Eric planned to return to San Francisco the Sunday after Thanksgiving.