 Jasper felt so good as always. His warmth passive and constant inside me as he did what he always did when we fucked, he paused clutching my shoulders so tight in order to get a maximum penetration- leaning behind me as I was bent astride the kitchen table - with cushions heaped neatly beneath my front for my comfort.

Jasper was always the considerate lover. He liked everything to be as perfect as could be including when we fucked. He simply adored experimenting ;trying me in different positions which was always nice; and I felt one lucky guy to have as a loving partner and someone so caring as Jasper.

"It feels so good with you, Pete" Jasper whispered, adjusting his stance slightly which created a wonderful sensual sensation inside me, "How does this feel?"

Still in the trance of his fuck, he withdrew his heavenly cock out of me which created a sort of squelching sound which is the best way to describe it, but almost immediately inserted it again with a prominent thrust. Then he repeated the action several times, withdrawing and then inserting and I felt my rear end dancing about like jelly.

"That feels good Huh Pete? He breathed as he paused again, deep inside me - and I felt the intense throbbing again which really set me up for what was to come.

I whispered that it was wonderful and I knew he was having the time of his life. I knew too he would give me the most wonderful oral seeing too after the fuck, when everything there would be numb and well worked and very wide , the feel of his tongue rimming me was delightfully thrilling, he'd lick and suck me up like there was no tomorrow, and by the time he had spent some time doing that, he'd want what he called a second round, but usually this time with him laying on his back on the rich pile carpet and me crouching over him.

I loved that almost as much as I liked it bare back. It put me in charge and I was able to give his swollen cock my full attention.

I discovered the joys of smothering him was something that we both utterly loved the feel of his mouth around my balls and cock and then my ass, slowly easing down until his face was covered with my down and under, which he called aptly; going to Australia.

He urged me to move this way and then that; so that he could get the very best of me, with him doing all that was fantastic enough; but when he stretched back my foreskin revealing my knob and sucked my p-hole that was so very sensitive, the feeling was out of this world and he would suck and suck until it spurted like a proverbial volcano. And even then he wanted more of me, his passion seemed to be forever - he just grabbed my expended cock - squeezing it as one squeezes a toothpaste tube, and sucked up the residue, bringing it to life again - dragging both my cock and balls over his face which was glistening with my hot fresh spunk. 

His smile said it all and I loved him so much. I loved and cherished him doing all those things to me with so much fervour and zest and always looked forward to our weekends when most of our time was spent with wondrous foreplay and fucking,

I craved for the taste of him in bed, when we'd simply nourish and enjoy each other, the scent and taste of him was always out of this world. Feeling him grow so big in my mouth as I slowly sucked to enjoy the full flavour and nectar. We seemed to take it in turns so each could savour the feel and taste of each other - and then it would happen simultaneously which was equally as thrilling.

He was beautiful - he had a cock which I adored and could not leave alone, from the time we met until the time we parted. It was beautiful and for the week between our meets I could still taste the earthiness of his sweet cock and most of all I could still feel it wedged deep inside my hole like it belonged there.

It felt so beautiful I ached for it when we were parted But Jasper being the sweet guy he was, spared no expense in presenting me with an replica of his tackle Japanese style, those Japs certainly know a lot about how important sexual pleasure and gratification is.

It almost felt ;like the real thing, but in the middle of the week when I was pining for it, it certainly eased my pent- up urge for cock - and with a little imagination, which I am good at, the magical feel and vibration of this cute vibrator gave me many soothing fucks and solved that mid week crisis - sometimes with the added bonus of hearing the sound of Jasper wanking over the mobile phone. Delicious!

But come the weekend I was always ready for the real thing, to feel Jasper's wonderful primed heated cock inside me once more. Those always thrilling manoeuvres as he gave me quality time with so much sensuality, the ribbed condoms were magnificent - I always enjoyed them, and when he plastered me in edible paint which was a real thrill, his warm tongue licking over every intimate part of me until I was absolutely writhing for his hard stiff fuck and no messing, And he would give it to me, and how! He enjoyed spanking too, over his knee, sometimes he liked to spank me soundly over my tight jeans, other times when I wore my boxer shorts , or just bare ass, he spanked me until I plead for him to stop, my ass cheeks like big red plums. It bloody stung, of course it did, but knowing it was something Jasper so enjoyed from time to time I relented, but the feeling of his deep coconut oil massage afterwards soothed the pain away, and better still the way he said he loved to fuck me after a spanking. 

It was all so very wonderful and I always yearned to be quality ass for him. It was just something about his touch that spurred me on to do anything he wanted; and I know I have so much more experiences to enjoy with Jasper.