 Until now, this was the worst summer of my life. My next-door neighbor who also was my best friend Javier (I call him Jav) went back to his homeland of Caracas, Venezuela in South America with his parents for a two-month visit.

I had known for over a year that this was going to happen, but when he left, I felt so sad and almost cried. I was having the most boring and loneliest summers of my life. I had other friends that I hung around with, but Jav was my most special and closest friend. I missed not playing baseball with him or going to the movies or playing video games. This was not what I had looked forward to. I spend most of my summer reading some dumb books that was required from school. I also spent a lot of time on my computer, which I loved to do but even that was getting old. I just could not wait for Jav to get back home.

My Mom was feeling real sorry for me because she knew how close Jav and I had become. She suggested that when Jav got home that he would go with us on our annual trip to Ocean City, Maryland. That really cheered me up because I loved going there every year and having Jav come along would make it even better.

Well, the day finally came. I looked outside and there was Jav and his family pulling up in their driveway. I ran out as quickly as I could to see him. "Hey, buddy," I said, "Welcome home, I missed you so much". "I missed you too, Robby, but I had a real good time, and bought you some gifts". I helped Jav and his family unload the luggage from their car and went inside. Jav gave me a neat video game and some special chocolate candy. He talked about the good time he had and I told him how funky my summer had been without him. "Well, I'm back now", Jav said, "We can make up for some lost time." "Yeah, and I have something to ask you - my Mom and Dad and I would like to know if you can go with us to Ocean City next week?" Jav replied "Oh yeah, that sounds like fun, I have never been there before, let me check with my folks."

A week later, we both got up early and after packing the car, Jav, my parents, and me started out for Ocean City. The trip usually took a little over three hours. Jav and I sat in the back seat. Jav was still talking about his trip back home and seeing some of the sights he remembered when growing up. He even got to play some soccer with some of his former friends. We also played some card games to keep our mind occupied on the trip. Both Jav and I were wearing Bermuda shorts and while we were playing cards, our hairy legs rubbed against each other's. For some reason, this was exciting me. I glanced at Jav and all he was doing was paying attention to the hand of cards that he had. I thought to myself, "Why am I thinking these thoughts?"

Well, the time passed quickly and up ahead was the Ocean City skyline with the Atlantic Ocean in the background. We pulled into our hotel. Jav and I shared a room that was adjoining the room that my parents had. We couldn't wait to get to the beach, so we quickly changed into our swimsuits and tee shirts. Mom and Dad told us to have a good time and that they would see us in a couple of hours for dinner.

The hotel we were staying at was right off the boardwalk so it was just a short walk to the beach. It was really a hot summer day and the beach was crowded. We found a space and sat down on our beach towels and checked out the sights. There were all kinds of shapes and sizes of people, young and old, male and female. Jav and I especially were checking out the young girls in very skimpy bikinis. Some of them were really cute and even flirted with us and we flirted right back at them. "Maybe, we can hook up with some of them later", I said to Jav. "Sounds good to me, Robby"

After a few hours on the beach sunning ourselves and swimming, Jav and I decided to check out the boardwalk. We ate hotdogs and ice cream cones and went to all the video arcade stores and played many of the games. We each bought Ocean City tee shirts as a reminder of our trip. Finally, after a round of miniature golf (I kicked Jav's ass) we noticed it was getting late and we needed to get ready for dinner.

Jav and I went back to our room and since we were both so hot and sweaty, we needed a shower. Since Jav was my guest, I let him go into the bathroom first for his shower. I could hear him in the shower singing away, some Latin tunes. Meanwhile, I had to piss big time. I hollered that I needed to come in, but he didn't hear me because of his singing and the running water. I just opened the door, walked in and started to pee. I looked at the shower and it was see-through glass. Jav was soaping himself up real good and I was really taking notice of his nice smooth body. I had seem him naked at school after gym before but just looking at him today was giving me a boner while I continued to take a leak. As I left the bathroom, I started wondering again, "Why am I thinking these thoughts"?

Jav came out of the bathroom with just a towel wrapped around his waist. Without him knowing it, I kept glancing at him and how beautiful and cute he was. Once again my dick starting getting nice and stiff. As I was getting ready to go into the shower, he took off his towel to start getting dressed. I got a good look at his soft cock that was at least twice the size of mine. I was wondering what he looked like when erected. His ass was like a bubble butt. I figured, I better hurry up and get in the shower before I exploded in my boxers. All the time I was taking my shower, I was wondering what was wrong with me?

Well, we both got dressed in Bermuda shorts, the tee shirts we bought that day, and flip- flops. Mom and Dad were waiting for us in the hotel lobby so that we could go to dinner. We went to Philip's Restaurant and had some great seafood.

Afterwards my parents went back to the hotel and Jav and I decided to go to the amusement park for a while. After a few hours of fun we decided to walk the beach and feel the nice summer evening breeze and the ocean rolling in and getting our feet wet. It was starting to get dark so Jav and I just about had the entire beach to ourselves except for a few people walking or jogging. This was quite a difference from the early afternoon.

After walking the beach, we found a nice secluded area and decided to camp out there for a while. We brought our giant beach towels and spread them out next to each other and lay down. We talked about all the fun we had that day and what we were going to do tomorrow. "Maybe, we can find those hot chicks we saw today, huh, Robby?" Jav said. "Sounds good to me, Jav, but none of them are hotter than you". Oops, I thought to myself, why did I say that? My face turned beet red. Jav turned on his side and stared me in the face. "Robby, did you mean what you just said?" "Uhh, just forget it, Jav, forget that I said anything". Jav said "But, Robby, I have always thought the same about you, but never had the nerve to tell you". I said "Really, you mean that you are.you know" "You mean, gay? Well I never thought of myself that way", said Jav. "Tell you the truth, Jav, I am really beginning to wonder about myself, especially after today". I then proceeded to tell Jav about how I felt when his leg rubbed up against mine in the car, then seeing him in the shower and naked in the room. I confided in him that I got an erection just looking at him.

I felt so good knowing that Jav was having the same feelings towards me. Still facing each other, I reached over and started to run my fingers through Jav's hair. While doing that I started to blow lightly on his neck. Jav said "Robby, let's get out of these tee shirts". With that he lifted his arms and I took off Jav's tee shirt, revealing a beautiful chest and abs. His daily workout routine sure was working. I threw his shirt off to the side and then Jav helped me take mine off. We lay back down, but this time I climbed on top of Jav. Even though we both still had on Bermuda shorts, I could tell that both of us were becoming very aroused.

I moved back up to Jav's handsome face and continued to blow on his neck. Then I decided to take a gamble and kissed him on the cheek. He looked up at me and smiled. "You are so special, Robby Howard" "Thanks Jav, I always wanted to hear you say that". Jav reached for my head and moved it so that our lips were ready to meet. We kissed each other very quickly, but we both liked it so much we continued for a long time. After a while we opened our months and started into some hot and heavy french kissing. Our tongues kept working each other's faster and faster. Wow, was Jav a real professional at doing that. Jav and I had a great make out session on the beach for a long time and both of us were moaning in ecstasy.

Daring to see how far I could go, I started to rub Jav's stomach and chest. Damn, he was so soft and smooth, yet firm. I don't know what brand he wore, but his aftershave was driving me absolutely wild. I started to play with his nipples, one in each hand, and got them both so nice and hard. I moved down and started sucking on one of his nipples while pinching the other. Jav started breathing heavier and said "Oh Robby this feels so good, keep it up".

I continued licking and sucking on his nipple then started to move my tongue down his hot chest. His body tasted so delicious and I could feel my dick getting even harder. I licked his chest and moved down his stomach, continuing with my tongue bath. While my tongue was going at it, Jav was groaning and biting his lip and running his fingers through my hair. I worked my way down to his belly button and put my tongue in there for a few minutes. My now I am at the top of his Bermuda shorts.

I could see just how excited Jav was by the tent he was building inside his shorts. "Ha", I said, "at least you got a boner like you gave me" I reached down and felt his dick through the fabric of his shorts. I thought that things were going OK because Jav made no attempt to stop me. I reached down and unbuttoned the top button of his shorts and slowly slid down the zipper. I lifted the fabric of his boxer shorts and looked inside to see the more gorgeous and biggest dick that I have ever seen before!!!! I slowly reached my hand inside to get a good feel of that precious boner. I reached farther inside to get a feel and good squeeze of his balls, which were really nice and full. I used my fingers to lightly run up and down the long shaft. It felt so nice and warm to touch. I used my thumb to rub his tip feeling that it was already very wet with pre cum. I took my hand out and licked the sweet juices that came from Jav's hard tool.

I asked Jav to lift his hips then I gently slid off his shorts and boxers. Mmmmm, this guy was now completely naked and had the hottest bod I have ever seen. I just sat there looking and admiring, especially with his large cock now staring me in the face. "Wow dude, you sure are all man", I said as I gave his dick a nice firm squeeze. "Hey, Robby, I can't be the only one naked here you know" said Jav. With that I kicked off my flip- flops unbuckled my pants and took them off along with my black boxer briefs. My dick was sticking straight out like a rocket. "You like, babe?" I said to Jav. (Did I just call my best friend babe?) Jav just nodded his head, still breathing hot and heavy and almost in disbelief about what was going on. What a scene, Javier and Robby alone on the beach completely naked with nobody around except the fish.

I got back down on my knees and moved back to the object of my affection. I gently started to blow on its tip. Jav started to squeal with delight. I began to lick the tip and also put my tongue in his piss slit, getting a real good taste of that remaining pre cum. I started to lick up and down his shaft like it was a lollipop. I thought I had never tasted anything so great in all my life. While I was licking up and down, I moved one of my hands down to Jav's cute ass and started rubbing his cheeks. I slid a couple of my fingers up his asshole. Jav's groans started getting louder and louder and my breathing kept getting heavier and heavier. Thank goodness that no one could hear us,

I continued to finger Jav's asshole and started to move my mouth slowly up and down his dick. Gradually, I took more and more of it in. I increased my pace going up and down, then faster, faster, and faster. Suddenly Jav whispered, "Robby, I think I'm getting ready to cum!!!!" Jav had no sooner gotten those works out of his mouth than his cock started to shoot spurt and spurt of his hot, steamy, and creamy cum into my mouth. I swallowed just about all of it, not wanting to miss a single drop. Jav continued to empty his dick of its precious fluid and I kept drinking like crazy.

Totally exhausted I moved back and lay down next to Jav, my new lover. We lay there talking about what just happened and our feelings toward each other. We cuddled and dozed off for a few minutes. It didn't take long for both of us to get hard again. I told Jav that it was getting late and we should get dressed and head back to the hotel. Jav said "Robby, when we go to bed tonight can I sleep in the same bed with you?" I reached down and grabbed his dick and said "Jav, I thought you would never ask"

My worst summer was now turning into my best summer.