 I was a college student; I forget the year but a student nonetheless. I was tall, lean and lanky and generally regarded as attractive by both sexes. This was back in the disco era before AIDS when sexual ambiguity and promiscuity were at there height.

Late one afternoon, I wandered into a small men's store intent on purchasing a new pair of jeans. There were two salesmen working and, the one I'd seen in the store on prior visits greeted me with a friendly smile. After we discussed what they had, he gathered several pairs and showed me to a dressing room. Since it was close to closing time, the store was almost empty. Realizing this, I asked if I would be able to try all these on before they closed.

"Absolutely, there's no rush."

I kicked off my shoes and pulled on the first pair. I didn't think the fit was right and while I was looking them over, the salesman tapped on the door and asked me how they were.

"Not so great," I replied.

"Come out and let me take a look."

I stepped out of the dressing room and approached him at the three-way mirror. Looking me up and down, he asked me to turn around and face him. Then he did something totally shocking; he walked up to me and unzipped my pants! 

"Well, that's one of your problems. Take that underwear off or they'll never fit right. You also need a smaller size." 

I stood there dumbstruck for a moment then I zipped up and went back to my dressing room. I pulled off the jeans and stood looking at myself in my "tighty whities" wondering what the hell I should do. I was lost in thought about what was happening when the door opened and in came the salesman with several more pairs of jeans. 

"Come on now, these are supposed to show off your stuff," he said grabbing my cock and balls through my underwear. "At least try these au naturel," he instructed, handing me another pair to try. 

He left the room and I stood there with a dry lump in my throat and a growing lump in my briefs. But, as instructed, I slipped them off and wriggled into the very tight jeans. I had to admit that they looked great. With my cock semi-erect, they were very hot! I came out of the dressing room but he was not there. I walked up to the large mirror and admired the full effect. Rather quietly, he came up behind me and smiled at my reflection.

"That's more like it," he said and grabbed the waistband and gave them a firm tug up. 

That move caused my cock and balls to be squeezed by the seam and strain the fabric on both sides. Seeing my discomfort, he reached around and again, unzipped me. His hand dipped into my pants and he gently rearranged my cock and balls then zipped me back up and ran a hand across the front of the jeans in a smoothing motion. By now my cock was getting very hard and when I went back to the dressing room and removed the jeans, it sprung to attention. I grabbed another pair of jeans and took great care to pull them on. I had to point my cock up because it was too painful to bend it down. When I came out he was there waiting for me. 

He frowned when he observed the lack of bulge in the front of the jeans and approached me from behind again focused on the mirror. He grabbed the waistband to pull them up and his thumb grazed the tip of my cock. I jumped and he moved his hand so that he could circle my cock head with his thumb. I was now leaking pre-cum and as he began to rub it in. I moaned. He took another step towards me and pulled me into his body. I could feel his erection on my ass as his hand firmly rubbed the length of my cock through the jeans. At the top of his stroke, he would always flick the tip of my leaking head. My eyes closed and I felt myself giving in.

I was brought back to reality when some of the store lights began to shut off. Evidently, they were closing. He led me by the waistband back to the dressing room and told me to try on one more pair before I made up my mind. He rummaged through the pile looking for a specific pair and turned to face me. I was already looking down toward the pile of jeans so when he turned, I was staring right at his cock. His hand started stroking it and caressing its outline through his slacks. A wet spot had started to spread at the tip and it looked like it was ready to rip through his pants.

"Put these on and I'll be right back," he said and slipped out of the room.

I could hear some voices out on the sales floor but I could not distinguish what they were saying. I stripped off the jeans I was wearing and attempted to put the ones he selected on. They must have been two sizes too small because I could barely pull them over my hips. Zipping them was impossible. When the door opened, I was standing there with the skintight jeans not quite pulled up and my raging hard on sticking straight out. He stepped inside and grabbed my cock firmly as he moved in close to me. 

"Well, what shall we do with this?"

He began to stroke me slowly and then he led me out of the room by the cock till we were standing in front of the mirror. He stood behind me and my eyes were glued to the sight of his hand pumping my cock. With his other hand, he grabbed my wrist and placed my hand on his cock. Without thinking, I started to rub and squeeze it. That was all he needed and in an instant, he was kneeling in front of me pulling the jeans down. 

I'm not sure where he came from but suddenly; there was another pair of hands on me. The other salesman had approached me from behind while the first guy was pulling off my pants. Before I could say a word, he was pulling my t-shirt over my head and I was naked in front of the huge mirror surrounded by two horny guys.

The one behind me reached around and grabbed my nipples, pinching and twisting them while he ground his clothed erection into my bare ass. The guy in front, grabbed my balls, gave them a tug and, in one motion, swallowed my cock. I was in heaven. I had only had sex a couple of times. Mostly fumbling in the back seat with a girl who was inexperienced as me. I never even thought about sex with a guy but at this point, I was all in. The guy in back came around front and the other one stood up. They kissed and began to undress each other all the time, keeping an eye on me. Once they were naked, they came back and we all embraced, our cocks smashing into each other. The first salesman leaned in and gave me a deep tongue kiss. If you'd asked me before hand, I would have thought this would be the grossest thing ever but I liked it more than any girl kiss I had ever had. 

When he broke the kiss he said, "I'm David and this is Sean."

Sean leaned in and alos kissed me deeply.

"Hi," I stammered, "I'm Nick."

"I have someone else I'd like you to meet Nick," David said.

He firmly pushed on my shoulders until I was kneeling in front of him. I knew what was next and sure enough, there was his cock at my lips. I swallowed hard and opened my mouth and became a cocksucker. 

The texture was soft and hard at the same time and it had a slightly salty taste to it. I did my best to suck and lick it and he seemed to be enjoying it. Meanwhile, Sean was behind me and had somehow worked his way between my legs. I jumped a bit when I felt his hands on me and sooner than I could believe, his face was buried in my ass and his tongue was ramming into my hole. This was definitely a new sensation for me. No one had ever touched my asshole before and I loved it! I pulled my mouth off of David's cock, lost in the sensation of my first rim job. When I did, he pulled me onto all fours and went behind me to trade places with his friend. Sean came around and knelt in front of my face. He didn't wait for me to act but instead, shoved his cock down my throat causing me to gag. His cock was big, much bigger than Davids and I had trouble taking it in. With Sean's hand on the back of my head, I didn't have much choice but to learn quickly or choke. He told me to breathe through my nose and swallow. I did and it seemed to go much easier after that. In fact, I was really getting into my first face fucking. So much so that I barely noticed when David eased a finger up my butt. The second finger I definitely noticed and I would have cried out at the third but my mouth was full of Sean's throbbing cock. 

As much as three fingers hurt, it was nothing compared to what came next. Fortunately, Sean had brought some sort of lotion with him and I could feel David squirting cold liquid all over my ass. Once I was really loose and slippery, his fingers were replaced by my first cock. I didn't think it would go in but David knew it would. He just kept pushing and pushing until POP the head slipped in. Sean must have known what my reaction would be because he had pulled out of my mouth before I clenched my teeth from the pain. I begged David to take his cock out of my ass but he just held it there until I shut up and relaxed. Once he could move, he picked up the pace and soon was pounding into me. I had just begun to enjoy it when he pushed in deep and filled me with cum. 

Without missing a beat, he pulled out and Sean was right there to take his place. They flipped me over on my back and the his huge cock started to press its way into my bowels. I was sure I would tear but the previous scene repeated itself. Once the head was in, I got used to it and soon enough, Sean was fucking me for all he was worth. In this position, I could feel the pressure on my prostate and my cock, which had gone soft, began to rise again. David leaned over and sucked me to full erection while his buddy pounded my ass mercilessly. It was a moment I will never forget. I came in a few seconds in a wave of orgasm that shook my whole body. I had never cum that much in my life and it seemed to go on and on. When I finally did stop spewing, David, who was now hard again, straddled my face and began to jerk off while he watched Sean fuck me. The strokes into my ass picked up pace and depth and I figured I was about to get my second load but instead, he pulled out and the two of them jerked off all over me. 

When we caught our breath, David said, "Well, that was a good start. What do you say you come over to our place, we'll smoke a joint and REALLY get to know each other?"

All I could think to say was, "absolutely, there's no rush."