 Five of us went camping on that night that changed my life. One of the guys had an older brother who purchased a case of beer for us, and we hiked up into the woods to our favorite camping spot. After building a fire and drinking a couple of beers each, we began talking about sex. 

Yancy was the lucky one, and he told us some great stories about his current girlfriend, who had a reputation as a slut. She was two years older than Yancy, and according to him she was fucking him on a regular basis. I was still a virgin, although my current girlfriend and I had recently begun exploring each other tentatively. I was fascinated by Yancy's description of his sexual exploits with his girlfriend and soon had a raging hard-on.

As the night wore on we all became a little drunk, and the stories became a little more outrageous. At one point one of the guys suggested we hike back down the hill for a little adventure. His next door neighbor was a pretty young girl named Tina who frequently walked around her room nude and there was a good spot to watch her through her bedroom window. We all thought that was a great idea, so off we went. 

When we arrived at Tina's house, she was not in her room so we sat quietly and waited. Our vantage point was only about 10 feet from her window so we would have a great view if she showed up. Luckily, after a few minutes she walked into her bedroom wearing only a towel. Tina was a beautiful girl, with dark hair, big eyes, and very well-developed. She slipped out of her towel and gave us a full frontal view as she dried her hair and began brushing it. She had perfect tits, and a thick patch of pubic hair. Then she turned her back to us and sat at a small vanity table, giving us a great view of her perfect ass.

My cock was throbbing as I thought of all the things I would like to do to Tina. The other guys were also staring at her with rapt fascination until one of them decided to get a closer view. He crept toward the window and stumbled over something in the yard, making a hell of a racket. Tina jumped up and turned to the window, and I had another brief glimpse of her gorgeous body before the back door crashed open.

"Who the fuck is out there?" Tina's father bellowed as the five of us sprinted across the backyard and leapt across the fence. "I'll kill you fuckers!"

As I cleared the fence I noticed a police cruiser turning onto Tina's street and yelled a warning to my friends. Just then the blue lights came on and the cruiser accelerated toward us. Three of my friends ran across the street and into another yard. My best friend Jeff and I turned back, hopped the fence into Tina's yard, and sprinted across to the other side. Tina's father had seen us by then and chased after us, but we easily outran him and vaulted the fence on the far side of her yard. We ran through several more back yards until we reached the woods, and then ran until we were exhausted. We laughed at our close call, and wondered if our other friends had managed to get away.

Jeff and I hiked back towards the campsite, but about halfway there it started raining hard and we began running again. Then it began to thunder and lighting struck somewhere nearby. We gave up trying to make it to the campsite and ran to a small barn that we knew would be dry. We climbed up the ladder to the hayloft and sat on some hay as we caught our breath. 

Jeff and I were both soaking wet and stripped out of our clothes to let them dry. It was pitch black except when the lightning flashed, so we couldn't see each other. The hayloft was a popular spot for kids to party and have sex, and we groped around until we found a couple of old blankets and spread them out on the soft hay and lay down next to each other. 

"Did you see Tina's pussy?" I asked Jeff.

"God, yes," he replied. "She's perfect."

My cock began to harden again as I remembered her perfect body. "I'd fuck her," I said, "again."

Jeff laughed and punched my arm. "You're full of shit," he said.

"Yeah, but I'd love to have a closer look at her hairy pussy. I'd like to get my tongue in there."

"You wouldn't know what to do with it!" Jeff exclaimed.

"I'd think of something," I replied. "I didn't realize how much she's filled out."

About then I realized Jeff was stroking his cock and I thought that was an excellent idea, so I began stroking mine as well. We lay there side by side jacking off as the rain crashed against the metal roof of the barn. I was thinking about Tina as I masturbated. 

After a couple of minutes I heard Jeff shifting beside me, and then stopped stroking myself when I felt his hand on my thigh. I wondered what he was up to but made no move to stop him. Then his hand wrapped around the hand I had around my cock, and he whispered, "Let me do it."

Blood surged into my cock and I felt it grow even bigger. I hesitated only a second before I moved my hand away and felt Jeff's hand close around my throbbing cock. Several thoughts ran through my mind as he began slowly stroking me – the first of which was how good it felt. The second thought was "this is wrong" but I quickly buried that one as I enjoyed the feeling. I reached over and took Jeff's cock in my hand and we stroked each other for several minutes.

I had a fairly large cock – about 7 ½ inches and very thick. Jeff's cock was even longer than mine but not quite as thick. It was very hot and felt good in my hand. 

"I want to cum so bad," Jeff said after several minutes. We stroked each other harder but after a few more minutes Jeff released me and began stroking his own cock hard and fast. I did the same, and we both came a few moments later.

We lay in the dark catching our breath. I was thinking of the time when my friend Johnny and I had masturbated together a couple of years before and I had licked his cum off his belly when he had fallen asleep. That was the only time I had ever had any thoughts about having sex with another guy, and now I was truly conflicted. Jeff and I had been best friends for two years and we had never done anything even remotely like what we had just done. I was confused and a little scared.

Jeff broke into my thoughts. "Do you think we're gay?" he asked.

"I don't know," I replied honestly.

"Did you like it?"

"Yes," I whispered. "I liked it a lot."

"Me too," Jeff replied. "I wanted to cum when you were jacking me off, and I wanted you to cum, too. I got scared though."

"I'm still scared," I said.

"Why?"

"Because I liked it so much," I said, "and because I'd like to do other things to you and have you do them to me."

"Oh God!" Jeff groaned. "Me too. We must be gay."

We both lay quietly for a few minutes, lost in our own thoughts. I was having very conflicting emotions. I had a steady girlfriend, and we had recently begun fondling each other when the opportunities arose. I liked her a lot and was always horny when I was around her. I examined my feelings for Patty and realized I still wanted to have sex with her, but I also wanted to explore the feelings I was having about Jeff. I was a pretty popular guy at the small high school we attended. I was definitely a jock – I was the starting fullback and middle linebacker on the football team, and I was also on the wrestling team after football season and on the baseball team in the spring. 

The high school we attended was very small and the community was small as well. If anyone ever found out about what Jeff and I had just done it would be all over school and town in no time. That scared the shit out of me.

"We can't do this ever again," I said to Jeff. "Even though it felt really good, and I'd like to do it again, we can't."

"I know," Jeff replied. "If anyone found out, we'd be fucked."

"And you still like girls, right? I asked. "You'd fuck Tina. I know I would. So how can we be gay?"

"You're right," Jeff replied. "I do like girls. I'd fuck Tina in a heartbeat."

"Me too," I said with relief. "This was fun, but never again, right?"

"Right."

It took a long time to fall asleep, knowing Jeff's naked body was only a few inches away from mine, but I was relieved that we had agreed not to go any further. I couldn't help wondering what it would be like to suck his cock and have him suck mine, and I finally fell asleep with a raging hard on.

The next morning we awoke early and dressed in our still damp clothes. I couldn't keep my eyes off Jeff's long cock as he dressed, and I caught him looking at mine too. We hiked back up to the campsite, where we discovered our other friends had successfully returned after evading the police the previous evening. 

Over the next couple of weeks I found myself thinking about Jeff often. We saw each other every day at school and at football practice, and outwardly everything seemed normal. In the showers after football practice I stole careful looks at Jeff's cock, and caught him looking at mine as well. His cock was bigger than all the other guys except one, who was hung like a horse. I couldn't deny that I wanted to have Jeff touch me again, and that I wanted to touch him. What scared me even more was that I was having erotic thoughts about some of the other guys as well. 

The first weekend after Jeff and I had been together, Patty and I double dated with her best friend Becky and her boyfriend. After dinner and a movie, we went to a secluded spot and spent some time groping each other. Patty and I were in the backseat, and after several minutes of making out, I unzipped her jeans and got my hand down into her panties. I managed to get a finger inside her, and loved the wetness and how she moved her crotch against my hand. She slipped her hand into my jeans and stroked my cock as well, and I thought I was in heaven. I liked it so much I knew I couldn't be gay. However, when I got home it was Jeff I was thinking about as I masturbated.

The next day Jeff invited me to spend the night at his house the following weekend and I readily agreed. I told myself that nothing would happen, but I knew deep inside that if the opportunity arose I probably would not hesitate to once again touch Jeff's cock and let him touch mine.

Friday night we won our first football game of the season. I ran for 121 yards and two touchdowns, and had 9 tackles and an interception. Jeff caught a touchdown pass and we beat our cross-town rivals 21 – 0. In the shower after the game, I couldn't keep my eyes off Jeff's cock. I was so confused.

Saturday I walked up to Jeff's house and we messed around outside until after dark. Then we ate dinner with his family, and played pool in his basement until everyone else had gone to bed. We went up to his room about midnight. We both kept our shorts on and crawled into his queen-size bed.

"How did your date with Patty go last weekend?" Jeff asked as we lay side by side.

"Great!" I replied. "I got my finger wet, and she stroked my cock a little."

"Lucky fucker," Jeff said, and we laughed.

We were quiet for a few minutes, and then both started talking at once.

"I've been thinking about your cock for two weeks." I said, at the same time Jeff said, "I know we said we wouldn't, but I want to touch your cock again."

We looked at each other and my cock began to swell.

"We shouldn't," I said.

"I know," Jeff replied. "But I want to. I can't help it."

"Me either," I sighed. "When I was with Patty I felt like there was no way in hell I could be gay, but I spent every other waking minute thinking about your cock."

We talked for several minutes about what we were feeling. Neither of us knew what bisexualism was at that point, so we both assumed we were gay. We were both terribly conflicted, but there was nothing on earth that was going to stop us from experimenting further. 

Soon we were both naked and stroking each others hard cocks. We kept the lights on this time so we could see what we were doing. Jeff's cock was beautiful – fully 9 inches long and circumcised – and he had large balls. My circumcised cock was not as long but was much thicker than his.

"I want to come while you jack me off this time," Jeff whispered.

As it turned out, I came first, spurting a huge load all over my belly and Jeff's hand. Then he lay back and I stroked him until he whispered that he was going to cum, and shot a huge load of sticky white cum all over his chest and belly, and my hand. I raised my hand to my mouth and tentatively licked a little of Jeff's cum as he watched. It was delicious. 

"How is it?" He asked. "Delicious," I replied. "Try it."

Jeff raised his hand to his mouth and licked some of my cum off his fingers.

"Damn, that is good," he said and licked his hand clean, while I was doing the same.

I wanted nothing more than to suck Jeff's beautiful cock right then, but he had another attack of conscious and we spent the next hour talking about what we were doing and how we felt about it. In the end, we once again agreed that we had to stop. I fell asleep extremely frustrated.

Monday after football practice Jeff and I were waiting for my mother to pick us up. I had once again stolen peeks at his cock while showering, and I had decided that I didn't care if I was gay; I wanted to have sex with him.

"Jeff," I began. "I can't stop thinking about having sex with you. I don't care if it means I'm gay, I want to suck your cock and drink your cum. I like the way I feel when we're together."

"We'll get caught eventually, and we'll regret it forever," Jeff replied. "It will ruin our lives and people will hate us."

"We just have to be careful," I said. "I know you want it as much as I do."

"Oh shit, I do," Jeff said. "Want to spend the night again Friday?"

"Hell yes." I replied.

The week passed slowly. We won another football game Thursday night. I rushed for 64 yards and caught the winning touchdown pass. I also had 8 tackles. After the game Patty and I went to our favorite make out spot with Becky and her boyfriend. I sucked on Patty's tits for the first time and fingered her wet pussy again. She actually had my cock out and jacked me off while we made out. It felt wonderful even though I didn't cum, and I was more conflicted than ever.

Friday finally arrived and Jeff and I anxiously waited for his family to go to bed. We finally got into his bed naked about 1:00 am. Less than 10 seconds later we were stroking each other. 

After several minutes I said "I want to suck your cock."

Jeff moaned. "There's no turning back once we do that," he said. "Are you sure?"

Instead of responding, I sat up and leaned over his thigh and kissed the head of his cock. He moaned with pleasure and I drank in the smell of him. I knelt between his legs and wrapped my left hand around his cock and looked into his eyes.

"If you tell me to stop, I will," I said. "But I want to do this more than anything."

"Okay, Drew," he said. "I want you to suck my cock."

I smiled and lowered my head to his cock. It was very warm and throbbing. Clear pre-cum oozed out of him, and I licked it, savoring the flavor. I had licked my own pre-cum many times, and loved the taste, but Jeff's tasted so much better. I wrapped my lips around the head of his cock and sucked gently. Jeff moaned with pleasure and he bucked his hips upward, forcing more of his cock into my mouth. I lowered my head, taking as much of his cock into my mouth as I could, and then gripped his shaft with my lips. Jeff was writhing with pleasure as I moved my mouth up and down on his cock while stroking his shaft with my left hand.

I bobbed my head up and down maybe a dozen times when Jeff suddenly thrust his hips upward, forcing his hard cock deep into my mouth. I started to gag and suddenly his cum was spurting down my throat. I quickly swallowed as he spurted over and over into my mouth, but I couldn't quite swallow it all and some of his hot cum slid down my chin.

"Oh, my God!" Jeff exclaimed quietly as his cock spasmed. I continued swallowing until he was through, and then continued sucking on his cock, which remained fully erect. I stroked his hard shaft with my left hand and squeezed his balls gently with my right. I just did what I thought would feel good and it obviously did because Jeff came again about 10 minutes later. I swallowed all of his hot cum and his cock began to go limp. 

I had enjoyed the whole experience tremendously. I loved his musky smell and the taste of his cock and pre-cum, I loved the feel of his cock in my hand and in my mouth, and I especially loved the taste of his cum. I had tasted my own before, but Jeff's tasted incredible. At that moment I couldn't imagine a future that did not include sex with Jeff. My experiences with Patty were fun and I enjoyed being with her, but I had to admit to myself that I wanted Jeff and I wanted his cock more than I wanted Patty. 

Jeff opened his eyes and looked at me. I was concerned that he would not want to return the favor, but he smiled and said "my turn." I gave his cock one last lick, then rolled onto my back and spread my legs. Jeff crawled between my legs and took my hard, wet cock into his hand.

"I have never felt anything that felt that good," Jeff said. "I want to make you feel the same way."

When the tip of his tongue touched the head of my cock it was like a bolt of electricity went through me. His warm hand was wrapped around the base of my throbbing erection, and he licked up the pre-cum that covered the head of my cock. I was dripping wet. Then Jeff lowered his mouth and tightened his lips around my cock.

I've had hundreds and hundreds of blow jobs since the first one Jeff gave me. My cock has been sucked by men and women, young and old, amateurs and paid professionals. While all of them were good, that first one is still the best. Jeff was as inexperienced as I was, but he did what he felt would feel good, and he mimicked what I had done to him, and it felt incredible. I lasted about five minutes before shooting a huge load deep down his throat. He continued sucking me, stroking me and squeezing my balls, and I had a second orgasm several minutes later. Jeff laid his head on my thigh with his face buried in my crotch, and we both fell asleep a short time later. I don't recall having a single negative thought about what we had just done before falling asleep.

I awoke very early the following morning with Jeff once again sucking my rock hard cock. I relaxed and fully enjoyed the incredible sensations that he was giving me with his hands and mouth. I came again a short time later, and then sucked Jeff again until he came in my mouth. It tasted as good as it had the night before, and I was hooked. I knew that no matter what, sex with Jeff was going to be a regular part of my life for the foreseeable future.

After swallowing Jeff's cum, I moved up beside him and we wrapped our arms around each other. We talked about our feelings, and Jeff was still very much conflicted about what we were doing. I also had conflicting emotions, but my mind was fully made up – I was convinced I was gay. After a while talking we ended up in a 69 position and gave each other another orgasm before getting up and getting dressed. Jeff agreed to spend the night at my house the following Saturday.