 We won another football game on Thursday night, and I had another great game – 162 yards rushing and three touchdowns on offense, and 12 tackles and an interception that I ran back for a touchdown on defense. We won 42 – 7. I received a lot of attention from a lot of females at the after-game party. Patty was jealous, and Jeff was there but we stayed away from each other for most of the evening.

Friday night Patty and I went on another double date with Becky and her boyfriend. I had intended to end our relationship that evening, but while we were making out in the back seat of the car, Patty made me come for the first time giving me a hand job. It felt incredible, and she promised even more in the near future.

Saturday night Jeff and I had more and even better sex than the prior weekend. After my family went upstairs to bed, Jeff and I spread our sleeping bags on the family room floor and spent the night sucking each other. We actually started by making out, and kissing Jeff and having his tongue in my mouth was another sensation that really turned me on. We took turns performing oral on each other, and I came twice in Jeff's mouth. Jeff came in my mouth once and when he was sucking me the second time he said he wanted to fuck me in the ass.

I was willing, and quickly got up on my hands and knees. Jeff moved around behind me and I felt his cock pressing against my asshole. We had no lubrication and really no idea how to go about accomplishing anal sex, other than him trying to bully his cock inside me. It didn't work out – I couldn't relax enough for Jeff to even get a small part of his cock inside me. We were both disappointed, but after Jeff came in my mouth again we discussed how best to go about anal sex and decided we would try again the following weekend. We spent most of the night pleasuring each other orally.

I had another good game the following Thursday night, rushing for 99 yards and three touchdowns, and I had 6 tackles on defense. My popularity was growing by leaps and bounds.

Friday night Patty and I went to a party at the lake and we ended up alone together in the cabin of a nice boat. We made out, fondled each other, and when I thought she was going to give me another hand job, she surprised me and gave me a blow job. I thought I had been confused before, but after I came in her mouth I had no idea what to think. It felt wonderful – as good as it did when I came in Jeff's mouth. Then I ate Patty's pussy, and the taste was incredible. Just before I had worked up my nerve to try and fuck her, another couple burst in and said it was their turn.

Saturday night Jeff slept over and this time we were ready to try anal sex again after everyone else went to bed. After about 15 minutes of deep kissing and fondling, Jeff opened the jar of Vaseline that I had procured while I arranged several pillows into a small mound under my stomach. Then I lay forward with my ass in the air and relaxed as much as possible. Jeff dipped his finger into the Vaseline and then smeared it on my asshole before sliding his finger deep inside me. 

The feeling was absolutely incredible. I had never felt anything like it, and I loved it instantly. Jeff worked his finger all the way into my ass and then moved it around. I was moaning and writhing with pleasure.

"Do you like it?" Jeff asked.

"I love it!" I replied. "Don't stop!"

Jeff moved his finger around deep inside me, and then slid it in and out several times. The pleasure was intense, and I couldn't wait to have his big cock inside me.

"Try to fuck me now," I said over my shoulder.

Jeff withdrew his finger and smeared more Vaseline on his cock and stroked himself a few times to fully coat it.

"Ready?" He asked.

"Please fuck me," I begged.

Jeff moved his cock until it pressed against my tight anus. He rubbed the head of his cock slowly up and down the crack of my ass a few times while telling me to relax. I was trying, but the excitement was making it hard to fully relax. Then Jeff pressed the head of his cock against my asshole again and began gently easing forward. I have mentioned before how Jeff has a long thin cock, but when the head of it pushed in past my tight sphincter, I thought I was being ripped in two.

"Stop!" I practically shouted. Jeff was startled and withdrew completely. I felt a tremendous sense of loss as he pulled his cock out of me. I wanted it in me.

"Sorry," I whispered. "I didn't want you to pull out; I just wanted you to stop pushing in. Try again."

Once again Jeff pressed his cock into my asshole, and this time when the head slid in it didn't hurt as much. Jeff stopped on his own when he had the head inside me, and I relaxed as much as I could and enjoyed the sensation. I squeezed my ass muscles experimentally and Jeff moaned with pleasure.

"More," I commanded, and Jeff slid forward another inch.

We both moaned with pleasure. I had never felt anything like the pleasure that was rippling through my body. My cock was leaking pre-cum and I felt light-headed.

"Keep going," I whispered. "As much as you can, but slowly."

Jeff continued pressing forward. The deeper he penetrated me, the more I relaxed. I wanted all of him inside me, but I knew that was unlikely. When Jeff reached some resistance, he stopped pushing.

"How much is in?" I asked.

"A lot," Jeff replied. "I didn't think I could get this much in. How does it feel?"

"It feels incredible," I whispered. "See if you can get some more in."

Jeff pushed forward again and I felt completely full.

"All but about two inches is in," Jeff said when he once again encountered resistance.

"Okay," I said. "Now pull out until only the head is in and then push it in again. Go slow."

Jeff followed my direction and withdrew until only the head remained inside, then he pushed all the way forward and stopped again.

"Oh, my God!" Jeff moaned. "This feels so good!"

"Yes it does," I responded. "Keep doing it just like that for a few minutes."

So Jeff slowly withdrew again until only the head of his cock was inside me, and then pushed as far in as he could. After several thrusts I whispered for him to go a little faster, and he increased the speed of his thrusts until he had achieved a slow, steady, in and out rhythm that felt good for both of us. I began moving my hips back toward him as he thrust and I actually felt his cock slide deeper inside me. Jeff thrust like that maybe thirty times and then cried out that he was going to cum. I have never wanted anything as badly as I wanted his hot cum inside my ass.

"Cum inside me," I commanded, and Jeff cried out and thrust deep inside me as his hot cum began jetting deep into my ass. The feeling was unbelievable. His warmth spread deep inside me and I noticed my cock was dripping what looked like cum. I didn't think I'd had an orgasm, but I was leaking like crazy. Jeff was moaning with pleasure and his cock remained fully erect inside me. We stayed like that for several minutes and I gently squeezed his cock with my sphincter muscle, milking every drop of his sweet cum.

After a few minutes in that position, Jeff began to soften and pulled out of me. I stayed in the same position savoring the feeling of his cum inside me and enjoying the way my ass felt. I briefly thought of Patty and concluded that nothing she ever did to me would feel as good as what I had just experienced.

Jeff slapped my ass and said it was his turn. I was more than willing to return the favor, and we quickly changed positions. His ass looked so inviting I bent over and kissed his ass cheeks, then his asshole. Jeff moaned with pleasure so I flicked my tongue out and licked his opening once. Then I dipped my finger in the Vaseline and slowly inserted my index finger deep into his ass. I reached between his legs with my left hand and stroked his rapidly hardening cock while I explored his ass with my finger. 


After several minutes Jeff indicated that he was ready. I scooped more Vaseline onto my cock. Then I moved up until my cock was pressed against his tight asshole. He relaxed and I pressed harder, until the head of my cock slipped inside his ass. Jeff cried out and I stopped moving as his sphincter adjusted around my thick head. I already loved the tightness and knew I was going to love ass fucking him.

When Jeff was ready I eased forward slowly, moving in a half-inch at a time until Jeff told me to stop. My cock was almost all the way inside of him. I couldn't believe how good it felt. I loved the way his sphincter squeezed my cock. When Jeff was ready I slowly withdrew until only the head remained inside, then slowly slid back deep inside him. After a few minutes of slow pumping I built up to a steady rhythm, pounding deep inside him and I realized my cock was fully inside his ass. My balls slapped against his with each thrust. I fucked Jeff's ass for about five minutes and then exploded inside of him. I spurted again and again deep inside his ass. Both of us were crying out with pleasure. 

When I finished spurting, I kept my cock deep inside Jeff's ass, savoring the feeling. I was still fully erect. I rubbed Jeff's lower back and ass for several minutes and then pulled out of his tight ass. Jeff turned around and embraced me, and we kissed deeply. 

"That was incredible," I whispered into his ear. "Did you like it as much as I did?"

"Oh, yes!" Jeff replied. "I loved it."

"Did you like fucking me or being fucked more?" I asked.

"I liked both, but I liked fucking you better."

"That's good," I replied. "Because I liked getting fucked better."

We laughed and kissed, then went into the bathroom and washed up. We had both ensured we were very clean before we started, but there was still a little mess on both of us. We took turns washing each others cocks with soap and water, and before long we were both horny again.

We were soon back on the floor and Jeff said he wanted me on my back this time. I lay down and arranged the pillows under my lower back while Jeff covered his cock with Vaseline again. I spread my legs wide and Jeff moved forward between my legs. I raised my legs in the air and Jeff slid his cock into my ass. This time he slipped straight in with no hesitation, and it felt great. There was no pain, just the delicious feeling of fullness. He stayed buried deep inside me for several seconds, then began pumping in and out of me. Jeff reached between us and began stroking my cock as he thrust inside me.

After several minutes, Jeff said he was going to cum again, and he began rapidly stroking my cock as he thrust even deeper inside me. I was groaning with pleasure, knowing my own orgasm was fast approaching. I wanted us to cum at the same time, and Jeff began spurting into my ass as my own cum spurted onto my chest.

When he was finished Jeff collapsed on top of me and I wrapped my arms around him. We stayed like that for many minutes, catching our breath as we hugged each other. After cleaning up again, we finished the evening's activities by blowing each other until we had both cum again, and then fell asleep in each others arms.

Jeff and I had sex at least once a week for the next year. We also had several threesomes with his cousin Linda. Jeff struggled continuously with his belief that what he and I were doing was wrong, and what we were doing with Linda was even worse, and unfortunately it negatively impacted him socially. He quit the football team and no longer hung out with the jock crowd. He never had a girlfriend that I knew of.

I, on the other hand, was very popular not just at my high school but also at the other three public high schools in the county. I ran with the jock crowd, and continued to excel in all three sports that I participated in. I ended up fucking Patty about a month after the first time Jeff and I had anal sex, and knew I wasn't completely gay because I loved it. I didn't learn what "bisexual" meant until I had sex with an older gay man when I was in the Air Force.

The last time Jeff and I had sex was a week before we graduated. We went camping again and it was incredible as always. Jeff left home after graduation and I never heard from him again, although his cousin Linda told me he was attending college in Maryland. I still think about him often, and I still fantasize about him occasionally even after 25 years. I had dozens of male sex partners during the six years between high school graduation and when I got married, but Jeff was the best.