 Leaping Lizard Camp

It's funny. My first gay experience happened on a campground whose name I can't remember. It is in the national forest between Grand Teton and Yellowstone National Parks. I think of it as Leaping Lizard Camp even though I know that is not the right name and I am sure I never saw a lizard.

It is a gorgeous place on the shores of Jackson Lake. 

I had set up camp at a site by the lake at the end of a short spur off the loop. Mine was the only tent on that spur when I got there. 

After an exploratory hike of a couple of hours I stopped at my area restroom and encountered two guys, both nude. 

They were using the time honored method of taking a bath with an alcohol infused washcloth. I nodded hello and they returned my greeting. I noticed that both had semi-erections that may have intensified as I took my piss.

I left them to their ablutions and walked back to my tent.

I saw that I now had company; both of the other sites on my spur now had tents on them. The one closest to the circle did not have a vehicle by it; the one next to mine had a Lexus SUV by it. Apparently I had just met my neighbors.

Late that afternoon I left my tent and drove to a small settlement that had restaurants, marinas, and an inn. I went to a store by a service station.

I almost literally bumped into my camp neighbors as I walked in. We again greeted each other and walked through the store together as we chatted. 

They introduced themselves as Roger and Roy and I introduced myself as Gene.

They were at the store because they had taken off on their camping trip pretty much at the spur of the moment and needed provisions.

I was there because I had decided that my picture postcard campsite merited a steak and potatoes dinner instead of my normal fare of Vienna sausage, sardines, crackers, and Ramen soup.

My outdoor cooking style was lazy.

I almost bought a fish filet but reconsidered when I saw that the store sold bait. I had a collapsible spin rod that could easily handle a dinner size fish. I finished my shopping spree with a twelve pack of beer and a can of peanuts.

"See you later," I told Roy and Roger.

"You already have," Roger said with a laugh. 

I laughed too.

I had cooked and eaten my steak and potatoes and was on my second beer when they came back. It was dark enough to need a flashlight to move around but I had no intention of moving around so I had no lights on in my camp.

They had two bright ones on, one inside their tent and another in the back of their SUV. Apparently they had not unpacked when they had arrived.

I saw a couple head to the restrooms, a tall redheaded guy and a gorgeous blonde. They looked vaguely familiar but reminded myself that the odds of running into someone I knew where I was would be astronomically low. 

The couple was our neighbors closest to the loop. There was a boulder between their tent and mine and I could not see it well from my tent

When they returned to their tent my neighbors went down. They stayed for a short time and they emerged soon. The shorter one looked around then ran to their tent, He was nude. The other one seemed to be clothed but my eyes eventually saw that he was carrying their clothes. He was naked too.

From where they were I doubted they could see me. My outline would have blended with the forest behind me. I was quietly drinking beer and eating peanuts as I sat on my chair with my feet propped up on the bench of the picnic table. 

I was waiting for the moon to rise and light up the mountains.

The light at their car was turned off but the one in their tent was still on and I could clearly see their shadows as they set things up. 

I could also see that they kissed often. Roger and Roy was a gay couple.

That did not bother me any as I had good friends that were gay and bi. I had seen guys kiss before.

I went down to take a leak and noticed that the other tent had a soft light on that gave its inhabitants visible shadows. The shadows showed that she was fucking him.

I had seen that a few times before and had concluded it was a form of exhibitionism, they knew they could be seen.

I did not feel guilty in pausing to watch. I heard her moan so I returned to my chair.

I had never seen one guy give another a blowjob until that night however. One of them, his shadow led me to think it was Roger, seemed to be trying to tie something to the top of the tent. The other knelt in front of him and slid a mostly erect dick into his mouth. A few seconds later the guy standing gave up what he was trying to do and began to caress the other guys head and face.

I was not too surprised to note that I was already stroking my cock; it was still hard since watching the couple. 

I was surprised by how horny I had become and that I was ready to blow. I forced myself to stop and took my sweatpants off. I played with my cock for a while as I continued to watch the spectacle next door.

I heard the woman fucking her guy moan again. The guy standing turned his head towards the neighbors then leaned over and give his partner, Roy, a deep kiss. Roy resumed the blowjob at a more intense pace until I saw Roger obviously empty his cock in Roy's mouth.

That was all I could handle and I lost my load to the forest. I may have released a grunt when I did, as both figures seemed to turn their head towards me. They carried on a whispered conversation as Roger sat on the floor of their tent with Roy. I heard some laughter and saw more kisses. One of them moved the light and I assumed the show was over, but no, they placed it at their opposite side of the tent from me. I could now see large images of them in startling detail.

I saw Roger assume a hands and knees position. I saw Roy's fingers penetrate Roger's ass. A few minutes later I saw Roy slowly sink his cock into Roger's ass. 

I was mesmerized, and horny again. My cock was up and my hand was keeping up with Roy's pace, slowly at first then building up speed. I could hear them.

I had just cum so I lasted longer than Roy did. I heard his orgasmic moan. Then I heard the orgasmic scream of the woman on the other side of their tent. I added my groan a few seconds later.

We were spent. I saw the guys kiss and get into their sleeping bags. They said good night loud enough for me to hear them. That was followed by a good night from the couple next to them. 

I said good night too.

I had not noticed that the moon had risen and I had a world-class spectacle in front of me. The other spectacle had garnered all of my attention.

I finished my beer, pissed over my small embankment then went to bed. I slept well.

I was leaving the restroom the next morning when they came in. Like me they were wearing only a t-shirt. Like me they had partial erections. We said good morning and they asked me what kind of adventure I had planned for the day. 

I told them that I had plans to rent a kayak and paddle around the lake for a while.

They said they were going to do that too then take a rapids excursion.

I told them my rapids adventure would be the next day.

I had not paid that much attention to them the previous day at the store but I noticed my original guess on their ages was way off. I thought they were close to my age. They were in fact over tan years younger than I was. They seemed to be in their late twenties. My fortieth birthday was two weeks away.

Roger had stayed by the door talking to me while Roy went in. We debated on the rapids outfitters for a while although we often took long glances at the others now very erect cock. 

His cock looked like mine, which he noted and said, "We look like twins there. Mine might be a bit longer and yours may have a bit more heft."

He moved until our cocks were side-by-side, they touched. 

I did not flinch. 

I did not move away. 

I wondered how his cock tasted.

When Roy rejoined us he was naked and his cock was hard. He had a long, slim cock. 

I wondered what it would feel like as it entered my ass.

I decided to go back to my tent and fix myself some breakfast. On my way back I noticed that our couple neighbor's tent was gone. It was just us, three guys on our little piece of heaven.

I had my bowl of cereal and my first cup of coffee when Roger came to my tent and asked to borrow a can opener, they had forgotten to get one the previous day. 

I said sure and bent over to my utilities bag to get it. 

I felt my ass get cold; I was still wearing just a t-shirt. 

I tried to act cool but I felt myself turn red.

"Nice ass," he said. "By the way I take it you enjoyed our show last night. Roy starts things on the spur of the moment and I let him. He was the one to suggest we leave the light on for you."

"Well, tell him thanks, I guess" I said.

"Could you tell who was who from the shadows?"

"I could if it was you trying to tie something to the ceiling."

"Yes, that was me, I got the blowjob and my ass fucked. Tonight we switch."

"How long have you been together?"

"Ten years. We were each other's college roommates. He knew he was gay but I didn't know I was too. It only took him three weeks to convince me otherwise. We assume your are not."

"Not so far. I find a generous woman on occasion, I even get to fuck my ex on occasion."

"She has not remarried?"

"Yes, she has. Her husband either does not mind or actually encourages her to fuck around. He is a rich but strange man."

"Is he gay?"

"That possibility had never crossed my mind, until now. 

It would explain a few things."

He was sitting on the park bench; I was standing in front of him. Both of our cocks were out and hard. 

His hand went to my thigh and he thanked me for the can opener. 

I said no problem and moved a bit closer to him.

His hand slid up and gripped my cock as he said he needed to get back to Roy.

I said I understood and kissed his cheek. 

He said he could not believe they had forgotten a can opener then kissed my cock.

He stood and we quickly kissed each other's lips. 

He gave my cock a squeeze then walked back to his tent site. I masturbated right then and there almost shooting into the cereal bowl.

I knew I was not gay. I knew I was a tolerant person but I did not think anyone at home would ever think that I had a gay bone in my body. 

Yet I knew that before I left camp Roy was going to fuck me and Roger and was going to cum in my mouth.

And I was looking forward to that.

My day was peaceful until the guys went roaring past me on their kayaks. I gave chase but gave up when I noticed I had no chance to catch them. I reminded myself that I was over ten years older than them.

They were almost out of sight when I saw them turn around and head back towards me. They soon flanked me on either side. Roger presented his lips to me to be kissed so I kissed him. Roy cleared his throat so I kissed him too.

"I thought you two would be at the river by now."

"We did too but the timing was wrong. It was either kayak or river and we chose kayak. River tomorrow."

"The morning tour?"

"Yes, the one you signed up for. We can carpool."

We were leisurely paddling back by then. By the time we returned the kayaks we knew everything there was to know about each other. I followed them to a restaurant by the river they had discovered and had a fine dinner together.

It was dark by the time we returned to the campground.

I immediately started my green tea and coconut rum brewing and became naked from the waist down. I had just poured my first cup when Roger joined me. He was naked.

We kissed.

I sat on the bench and drank my tea. Roger poured himself a cup and sat on the table directly in front of me. I did not see the point on being coy so I grabbed his very hard cock and began a slow masturbation. 

I kissed his cock.

I licked his cock.

I liked it.

I slid his cock into my mouth and began a slow blowjob on him. Every once in a while I took a sip of my tea as I slowly masturbated him. Once I dipped his cock into my by then cup of cool tea before sliding it back into my mouth.

He told me I was about to get a mouth full of cum. I nodded and continued to suck his cock. As he began to shoot into my mouth I simply swallowed and kept sucking his cock.

"How was it?" he asked.

"Very nice, thank you. I take it you have no complaints."

"None, you did that well. You must have really wanted this."

"Yes I did. Thank you for helping. Feel like switching places?"

Without a further word we did just that. He narrated his technique as he sucked my cock, which he described as delicious. 

He gave me my best blowjob ever which told me the rumor that men give the best blowjobs had truth to it.

I filled his mouth with cum and as soon as the spasms left my body I sat next to him and we kissed.

Kissing a guy never seemed like something I would ever want to do. I loved kissing Roger. I really loved kissing Roger when our mouths were covered with the others cum.

As we refilled our tea mugs I asked him where Roy was.

He answered, "He is waiting for me to call him. He knew we wanted each other and wanted me to have the time to seduce you. You fell for my plan a lot sooner than expected, or vice versa. I guess I should call him soon."

We talked and kissed and caressed. His cock rose.

"Get back on the table, I said.

As soon as he was in position I knelt on the bench and said, "Now would be a good time to call him."

I had Rogers cock in my mouth and my ass in the air.

Roger yelled, "Roy, bring the lube."

I was concentrating on Roger's cock when I felt a cold, slippery finger slowly penetrate my ass. The somewhat bothersome sensation continued for just seconds then a second then a third finger joined it. 

I felt his cock slowly push into me. I was starting to worry about the burn and discomfort when I felt his cockhead pop in.

That felt pretty good. 

Roger began to caress me, which reminded me that I had his cock in my mouth. I resumed sucking his dick as Roy's cock penetrated by ass. 

I felt his balls kiss mine. His cock was all the way in me.

When Roy began to fuck me I mirrored his speed on Roger's cock. After a few minutes Roy doubled his speed and began to grunt. Roger came first then Roy filled me up about ten seconds later. Both were groaning.

I trapped both cocks within me, clamping down on them as hard as I could without hurting them. I did not want to give up either one. I wanted them.

Eventually Roy's cock left my ass. I heard him stagger and then said goodnight.

I felt his cum drip out of my ass. I could not decide how I felt about that so I resumed sucking the cock in my mouth. I felt it stir a little but I had to admit it was mostly dead to the world. 

I let it slide out of my mouth and stood.

"How did you like that?" Roger asked me.

"A lot better than expected. His cock seems to be just below my limit of tolerance in size but by the time he started fucking me all the pain and pressure was gone. I liked it. I may allow it again."

As I was telling him that he had lubricated his ass and my cock and assumed the position on the bench. I was surprised to basically slide right in, my cock was thicker than Roy's'. 

I was not surprised to find myself working hard to keep from ejaculating after thirty seconds. I stopped and reached around for Roger's cock. I loved his cock and wanted him to fuck me too. I felt it twitch.

Long and slow was my plan. I kissed his shoulder. He turned his head for a kiss on the lips. The kiss made his cock twitch again. I kissed him some more as I slowly fucked him. His cock began to respond. I lengthened my strokes and kissed him often. I began a slow masturbation of his cock. He moaned.

I did not want him to cum from a handjob so I concentrated on fucking him. His ass seemed to appreciate it and began to bang back at me with each stroke. I fucked his ass hard and I shot an enormous wad of cum into it but continued to fuck him until my cock slid out.

I quickly stood him up to face me, wrapped my arms around him and kissed him passionately. 

His cock was hard.

I pulled him into my tent, placed a pillow under my lower back and spread my legs for him. He immediately got in with me and slid his cock into my ass and started fucking me. 

He was frantic for me. I was frantic for him.

The fuck was hard from start to end. He groaned loudly and collapsed over me. I kissed him over and over until he slid to my side. We embraced, we cuddled, and we fell asleep.

I awoke to slow loving kisses. As soon as I opened my eyes Roger said, "I'm going back to my tent," and kissed me.

He left me to my sleep.

When I woke up the next morning my cock and ass were tender. I was very pleased with that.

I managed to get mostly dressed but as I walked to the restroom I saw that my sexual adventure was over. Roger and Roy's tent was gone. I was alone in my little corner of paradise. 

I wondered if they had to go home because of an emergency or if they decided that I was a danger to their relationship.

I did talk myself into going whitewater rafting that morning 

but could not get enthused about the excursion, they were not there.

I broke camp and I spent the night in a hotel in Jackson and began the long drive back home the next day. I still had over two weeks of camping planned but felt that I needed to get away from my tent for a while.

I needed my ex. 

And perhaps her husband.