 Years ago I lived in a small community, worked at a small hardware store, I worked weekends always off on Mondays, at about one pm every other week, I would see their car pull into my neighborhood, they would each pick a house to go to. I would get the same handsome young man, with his briefcase, so well dressed in his suit and tie, with the sexiest smile I have ever seen. I would greet him at the door me in my shorts and a loose fitting tee, and yes I was commando. 

Monday was house cleaning day for me, he would come in sit on the sofa we would chat about his religious beliefs. I would give my honest opinion on all subjects he brought up, I have to say he was pretty open minded till the one day. I saw them coming when he came to the door I yelled come in I'll be right there, he had put out his pamphlets for me to read over on my coffee table. 

I walked into the sitting room he was seated in his usual spot, I took a seat across from him. We started talking about his topic of the day, which was how his god was against homosexuals, and how they would all burn in hell. I stood up, my hands on my hips, my nostrils flared, my face red, I was not happy.

"You need to stop this conversation immediately!" My voice was three octaves higher than normal.

He gave me this look, "Why did I say something to offend you?" he said sheepishly.

"I will not tolerate that sort of talk in my home, I am a gay man and do not appreciate this!" I said in a stern tone of voice.

He scrambled to pick up all of his pamphlets, and briefcase, walking out quite briskly. He did not say a word, I had caught him totally off guard. I did not see him for the next month, their car would come in but he was no where to be seen. 

On the sixth week I saw him get out of the car, he looked towards my house, but he did not come to my house, he went to my neighbors instead. Two weeks later there was a knock on my door, he did not wait for a come in he just squeezed in standing at the door a little red faced, I walked up to him. 

"Nice to see you again, I've missed you for the last few weeks. I said to him gazing into his eyes.

He kind of relaxed, 

" Please come in take a seat." I suggested.

He walked in and went to his usual spot, He still had not said a word, or had looked me in the eye, he just stared at the floor, finally he broke his silence.

"I have to apologize for my last visit, I did not mean to offend you in your home." He said his head bowed. 

"I am not offended, but I will not tolerate that type of talk in my home." I stated raising my voice so he would get my point.

"Again I am sorry, I would have never thought you were gay, you do not look like a gay." He said sheepishly.

"What does a gay person look like? I asked cocking my head.

"You know girly, effeminate, not masculine." He stated softly.

I laughed at his comment, 

"We are not all girly, some are quite manly, rugged, and strong." I said trying to get my point across.

He sat there saying nothing, 

"Are you okay?" I asked him.

He turned to me looking me in the eyes 

"No I certainly am not." he stated bluntly.

At this point he started to cry, I moved in closer to him and placed my hand on his back, 

"What's wrong buddy? I asked with concern.

"I think I to might be gay." he blurted out. 

"What makes you think your gay? I asked as I rubbed his back.

"I've been having these thoughts, thoughts of sex with men, wet dreams, waking up, having shot a load all over my bed, sweating and having just had a dream of wild passionate sex with a man, that man was you." He stated boldly looking at me in the eyes. 

I leaned back he caught me off guard. 

He stood up "Look what you do to me." he boldly said.

"Just being in the same room with you I can't hide my erection, or my attraction to you." He stated with concern in his face.

His cock protruding in his pants, he was semi erect, I reached over to touch his cock thru his pants, I undid his trousers and let then drop to the floor, he had on tighty whiteys, his cock sticking straight out, I grabbed the waistband on his underwear and slid them off, his cock bounced out slapping his abs, I opened my mouth and swallowed his cock to the root, he gasped, I grabbed his ass and made him fuck my mouth, he pumped two or three times and shot his load, his cock exploded, I dam near choked, he came so much, I swallowed every drop, I milked his cock dry draining him, getting every precious drop. I thought he would fall on the floor, his knees were so weak. 

He sat on the sofa pants around his ankles trying to catch his breath. 

"Wait here don't put on your pants just yet."

I went in my bedroom and got a jock strap, bright red one, I removed his pants and underwear, put on the jock, had him pose, he had a beautiful ass. He put his pants back on and was on his way, I kept his tighty whitey underwear. 

Two weeks later he returned, he had on the jock strap, I enjoyed sucking him off, he eventually came over on weekends, we had amazing sex. I eventually got in that tight hot ass of his, he was so tight, I thought I would never get my cock in, but he finally let me in. I have never looked at Jehovah Witnesses the same way.