 My wife was fascinated. Ever since I confessed to her that I was bi, she can't seem to get it out of her mind. Expecting to be thrown out of the house, I was surprised and relieved when she said she was turned on by it. She talked about it when we made love, asked me how he tasted, how it felt, had he cum in my mouth. Finally, she asked me to invite Jim to our house. She wanted to see me have sex with him. I called him

"That's right Jim," I told him over the phone, "she's hot for it. She wants to see us suck each other. It's OK with you? Great, see you tonight."

Jenny was excited all day in anticipation. I was turned on about it too. Just think. No more sneaking off and secretly sucking cock. I could now do it with my wife's blessing.

When Jim arrived, Jenny couldn't take her eyes off him. He was built a bit better than me and he had a good tan. I introduced them and made drinks for us as we sat and they got to know each other.

"Ted tells me that your wife doesn't know you are bi?" Jenny asked. 

"No, she doesn't"

"What would happen if she found out?"

"She's probably divorce me," said Jim.

I said, "That's what I thought Jenny would do."

"It's really amazing that you're OK with this Jenny," Jim said. "Ted's a lucky guy."

Jenny was sitting between Jim and me on the living room couch. "You're both so masculine," she said. "I would never have guessed."

"Well, we both love women too," said Jim.

"The best of both worlds, huh?" said Jenny.

She got up and walked toward the kitchen. "I'll make us another drink. Why don't you two get started?"

Jim moved over to me and put his hand on my crotch. My cock began to rise. I could see by the lump in his pants that he was hard already. He unzipped my fly and reached in to free my now hard cock. It stood up like a soldier. He stroked it and cupped my balls. I looked up and saw Jenny, standing in the doorway, holding a tray of drinks. She put the tray down and sat in the chair facing us. 

Jim unbuckled my belt and I lifted my ass so he could remove my jeans. I took my shirt off and got naked. Jim removed his clothes also. Jenny was staring at Jim's large cock. He was bigger than me, probably about nine inches to my seven and a half. Jenny was wearing a white blouse and short black skirt. She pulled the skirt up her thighs and began feeling her pussy. Her other hand was kneading her breast. Jim got on his knees in front of me and began to lick my hard cock. Jenny moved so that she could see better. Jim took my prick deep into his throat and I sighed. I kept looking at Jenny. She never took her eyes from Jim sucking on me. "Oh, my," she said, this is so hot!" 

Jim reluctantly lifted his mouth off my cock and stood up, facing me. His huge cock was right in front of my face. I cupped his balls and pulled him closer.

"Oh, Ted," Jenny said, "I want to see you suck him. I'll probably cum just watching you."

I took him in my mouth and sucked him all the way into my throat. He let out a loud moan. Jenny got up from her chair and came close to us. She kneeled on the floor and brought her face up close to mine. "Ted," she whispered in my ear, you can't believe how this turns me on." Her face was inches from my mouth and Jim's cock. 

"I love the smell of him and your slurping sounds are pushing me over the edge. I'm cumming. Oh, yes! Ooohhh, wow!" 

Jenny's both hands were between her legs and she was squirming through her orgasm. I continued to suck on Jim's cock. He held my head in his hands and pumped his prick into my throat. Jenny revived after her orgasm and stood up. She removed her skirt and panties, which were soaked with her cum. She pulled her blouse off and unsnapped her bra and let it fall to the floor. Now naked, she said, "Come on, let's go to the bedroom. I want to see it all. I want to see you guys in a 69."

Jim and I, our dicks leading the way, entered the bedroom. Jenny climbed up on the king sized bed and said, "Come on guys. Show me some more. I want to see some cum!"

I lay down and Jim climbed on top of me. He lowered his head to my cock and I found his hard-on hanging above my head. I reached up and took his ass cheeks in my hands and pulled his cock down and unto my mouth. He began a slow rhythm of slurping and sucking. His hard cock plunged into my throat and gagged me. I backed off a little and then let him come back into my throat as deep as it could. 

"My word, how do you do that?" Jenny asked. "How do you breathe?" 

Again, she came close and put her face against mine and helped me lick Jim's balls. She turned and kissed me long and hard. "I love you Ted. Thanks for letting me share this part of your life."

After about ten minutes Jim moaned and said, "I'm about to cum Ted. You want it all in your mouth?"

I slipped his cock out of my mouth for a second and said, "Give me all you've got!"

Jenny held the base of his dick as I brought the head up to my mouth. She stroked him until his first spurts of cum shot into my open mouth. I took the head of it between my lips as he continued to shoot strings of sperm into my mouth and down my throat. 

"Oh, this is too much," yelled Jenny. "I'm cummimg again and I haven't even touched myself. This is ever so hot!"

Jim filled my mouth with spurt after spurt of his sweet cum. I let it fill my mouth until it was about to run down my chin and then I opened my throat and let it all slide into me. It was delicious. I sucked him until there was no more to suck. Then it was my turn.

"I'm about to cum Jim," I said. 

He said, "Roll over. I want you to cum all over my face."

We reversed positions and I was on top of him. 

He continued to suck me, saying "let me know just when you're gonna blow."

Jenny, now recovered from yet another orgasm, came close to Jim's face and my cock. 

"Cum for us, Ted," she said. She held my balls in her hand. "I can feel the cum in them hon. Cum a big load."

She didn't have to wait long. I announced to Jim that I was cumming. My first shot landed on his forehead, quickly followed by three more on his eyes, nose and chin. I continued to shoot stream after stream all over his face. It ran into his ears and all over his neck. It shot into his hair and some went up his nose.

"Oh, Ted," Jenny said, "what a load. I'm so proud of you. There are gobs of it. I'm helping Jim licking it all off. Mmm, it tastes ever so good."

I continued to pump my cock until it was dry. It was a fantastic orgasm. I shook for a couple of minutes from the pleasure.

I rolled off Jim and lay on my back, recovering. I looked over at Jenny. There was cum all over her face as she continued to lap it up off Jim's face. They kissed and she sucked cum out of his mouth. She grabbed his hand and shoved it into her pussy, pumping up and down on it. I got up and laid her on her back. She spread her legs wide and I could see that her cunt was wide open and oozing juice. I went down and began to lick her juicy cunt. It was a river of her cum. I drank it eagerly and lapped at her clit. Jim continued to kiss her, even though the cum was long gone. He held her left breast and fondled it. She was heaving her hips up at me, trying to get more of my tongue into her hot cunt. She came again, and again, more times than I could count. 

"I don't know how much more of this I can take," she said, "but it's wonderful."

Her clit was feeling too sensitive, she pushed my face away and lay with a smile on her face. 

Looking over at Jim, I could see that he was hard again. I stroked him. 

Jenny, now recovered, moved behind me.

"I might as well push my luck," she said. "I want to see Jim fuck you Ted."

"Hey, wait a minute," I said. "I haven't done that since I was a teenager."

"Would you let Jim fuck you honey? It would please me very much."

"OK, but go easy," I said. "It's been a long time."

Jenny began licking my asshole, smearing her spit and some leftover cum all over my tight little hole. Jim joined her and soon I was very wet down there. First, Jim put a finger in me and moved it around. Then two fingers, then three.

"OK so far?" He asked. 

"Yeah," I said. "But I don't know of I can take that huge cock of yours."

"Just try to relax," he said.

"Yes, honey," Jenny said. "You relax and I'll stroke your prick. It'll be fine."

After Jim removed his fingers, I felt the bulbous head of his big prick at the entrance to my asshole. He moved forward and pushed the head past my puckered hole. It hurt and I let him know. He backed off a bit and then came at me again. The head of his prick slipped in and it was OK. He waited until my asshole got used to its new tenant and then moved it a bit further in. Man! It was huge! Jim did it so slowly and so gentle I was able to relax and the pain went away. Soon he was all the way into me. It felt good! Jenny was pumping my cock and it was hard as a rock. I relished in the feeling of this great big cock sliding in and out of my ass. It sent shivers all through me. 

"You must like it Ted," Jenny said. "You're leaking a lot of pre-cum. 

"Oh yeah," I moaned. "It is wonderful. The feeling is absolutely fantastic."

Jim continued to pump slowly in and out. Jenny lay down under me and took my now throbbing cock in her mouth. 

"Let me know when Jim is about to cum," she said. "I know how to make you cum fast and I want you two to cum together."

I can't describe how good the feeling was. My wife sucking on my hot prick and Jim ramming my asshole with his big cock. I wanted it to last forever.

But, all great things must come to an end. Jim was moaning loudly, announcing that he was going to cum. Jenny started her famous "pressure sucking." I taught her this. She sucked deep to my balls and on the back stroke she put pressure on my cock by pushing it against the roof of her mouth with all the strength she had in her tongue muscles. Just as I felt Jim's hot cum shooting into my asshole, I began shooting into Jenny's mouth. My load wasn't as big as the last one, but Jenny said it was delicious. Jim filled my ass with his sperm and I heard his cock pop out. As I was cumming in her mouth, Jenny stroked her clit to yet another orgasm. We were all satisfied. 

After cleaning up and showering, we had that drink that Jenny had made earlier and made plans for another get together. Jenny asked about Jim's wife. "Would she be into swinging?

"No," he said, "I don't think so. She's very straight laced. She's good in bed, but we never tried anything kinky." 

I piped up, "You never know, Jim. I never thought Jenny would get into this either."

"Why don't we all get together sometime?" Jenny said. "Don't worry; we won't let the cat out of the bag."

"I guess we could do that," Jim said.

As Jim was leaving, Jenny said, "You're welcome here anytime Jim. We really had a good time with you. You and Ted are great together, and if you and Ted want to get together anytime by yourselves, it's OK with me, just as long as I get invited to join in once in a while."

"Are you kidding?" Jim said. "It's all the better with you now. Ted is sure a lucky guy. Bye for now."

Next, meet Andrea, Jim's wife. I'd like comments on my stories. I'll answer all. 

Mr Lucky