 Chapter 05 

*************

A shrill sound rattled Jacob's drunken nerves. His limp form woke up with a start making his head ache with a nauseous feeling. It was a horrible hangover state. The shrill ringing was still echoing in the room annoying him further. He grabbed the clock and threw it across the room where it hit the wall and became silent after its dismemberment. Jacob slumped back on the bed but his drunken sleep was gone now. And the events of last night were forming blurred images in his mind. He groaned as his head gave another pang and he remembered the rod and the weeping form of Jeremy.

"Uhhh... Fuck!" he murmured as he got up to go to the washroom. With shaky steps and a slouching stance he reached it. He turned the tap on and splashed cold water on his face. The water stung his hands and face in the cold weather but helped to wake him up to a sober state.

He looked at himself in the mirror. Bloodshot eyes and a swollen face. He had a meeting today and his state was so inadequate. The meeting! What was the time? As the thought struck him he exited to enter the bedroom, looking for his cell. After a fervent search, he found the equipment lying under the covers at the end of the bed. It was 12 p.m.

"Fuck!" He swore aloud. The meeting was in 15 minutes. Everything else escaped his mind as he rushed to get ready. By 12.15 he was making his way through the city's crowded streets, no thought of Jeremy disturbing him.

Twelve hours of relentless work passed and finally Jacob was driving through the roads of the slowly sleeping city. The traffic on the road was minimal except an occasional truck or a car filled with drunk teens and loud music. The stores were shut and the pavement had none but the scavengers from the lower ranks of the crowded metropolis. The weather this year had recorded one of it's coldest temperatures with consistent snowfall and rains with hale.

However, all this and more was not his concern. After a day of no Jeremy, the thoughts of his boyfriend and the events of last night had come flooding to him. He felt uneasy. He knew this time he had gone far. He was positive that Jeremy wouldn't/couldn't leave him. But one knows when is the time for amends. After all rebellion happens when pushed beyond limits irrespective of what the constraints be.

He reached the building and made his way to the apartment. He was trying to figure out how he should act in front of him. However, to his surprise, he found the apartment vacant. There was no Jeremy waiting for him. Concern filled his heart and he hastily dialled Jeremy's number.

The call connected and he waited with apprehension to hear his voice at the other end. The call es disconnected. He stared at the cell. Perhaps, some mistake had happened. He re-dialled only to find the call disconnected sooner.

Was Jeremy disconnecting his calls? A seething rage rose in him. How dare he? Wasn't last night a lesson enough? Who was he with? He was forcing him to reenact last night.

Jacob dialled his number again. *********************************

Chapter 6

************* 

Jeremy saw the familiar photograph flashing across the screen for the eleventh time now. Without thinking for a second he rejected it. He had had enough now and every inch of him was filled with anger at Jacob. 'Not anymore' were the words his self- respect kept chanting to him.

"Is it him?" Chris asked surreptitiously.

Jeremy merely nodded and continued looking into the distance. The park was darkened by the shadows of the night. But there was no greenery, due to the extreme cold. The trees and shrubs were barren. It was a desolate and melancholic sight.

"I'm repeating Jer," spoke Nate. "It's time to pack your bags and leave! You've had enough at the hands of that psychopath. I will not let you go back!"

"I have nowhere else to go." Jeremy replied without looking away from a naked and dried tree.

Nate stamped his foot in annoyance and frustration. Tiara kept her hand on Jeremy's face. The soft touch of a friend touched a cord in Jeremy's turbulent heart and a tear made it's way out of his eye only to be frozen by the chilling gust of wind.

"Nate is right, Jeremy. It's time to get out of this horrible bondage. Why are you not ready? What is it that's stopping you?"

Jeremy opened his mouth to reply but no words came out. He was overcome with emotions and a knot tied in his throat as he tried to push tears back. Suddenly, he felt an arm on his shoulders. He turned to find Chris putting his right arm around him and pulling him to himself. Jeremy felt warmth and comfort in being so close to Chris. The knot in his throat eased in his embrace.

"Jacob has been there for me in my most distressing time. Guys, you don't understand, 'cuz you've not been through what I had to when he, Jacob, was the only support I had. Nate, you know how you had been on a soccer tournament away from town for 6 months. And Tiara you had the internship in South. Well then Chris, my dad got to know about me. My being gay that is. I dunno how it happened but the news reached him."

Jeremy stopped for a second and took a deep breath. The rest were listening . Chris, the most alert, took his hand and pressed it lightly. He resumed the narrative.

"Nate knows how conservative dad was. He never liked those 'blasphemous faggots'. How did he feel when he heard he had begotten one of those filthy faggots? It was a nightmare. Arguments. Screams. He was furious. That day he turned me out of the house and disowned me. Mom just sat weeping in a corner with my younger brother. I still write to them, you know. Never got replies though."

"Anyway, after that I had no place to go. That town is full of orthodox conservatives and the scandal I had created was enough to stop anyone from helping me. Even my friends turned me out. I spent a week scavenging on the roads, lying with the dogs, breathing with them. And then winter turned worse. As bad as it is this year. I was sick and was freezing on the streets. I had some rags to keep some cold out. But I knew my time had ended."

Tiara sobbed and shuddered. Nate put his arm around her shoulders. She buried her face in his chest and weeped silently.

"And then Jacob found me. I was outside a bar, counting my last days, when he walked by. He saw me, took me to the hospital, and became a part of my life. I owned my life to him. He nursed me to health. He supported me when I was alone in the world. He was the one. I just can't turn my back on him. Can i? No. He owns me. I own my life to him."

"No, he doesn't own you, Jeremy." Chris spoke in a firm and steady way.

Jeremy turned to look at Chris's face inches away from his. The bright blue eyes were shining with determination as he spoke further.

"He saved you during the worst of your life. Accepted. But if anything he made it worse for you. The physical abuse is outrageous itself. But do you know what's even worse? That what he's done to you. He has destroyed You. He has taken every inch of your identity and esteem and mutilated it. He has made you into the despairing person that can't even think about getting out of that hell. This is what hurts everyone who loves you more. To see you this way is even agonising as seeing your scars. You have to leave him, Jeremy."

Jeremy sat listening silently. Nate and Tiara looked at him earnestly shaking their heads in approval of Chris's words. Jeremy slumped onto the bench and rested his head against it. He looked up at the sky. The dark night was getting darker. Dark clouds were gathering and hiding the stars. The wind had picked up speed.

" I can't leave him. Sorry guys." He finally said.

Chris got up suddenly and started pacing in agitation. Jeremy was shocked when he kicked a trash can in anger. Nate and Tiara looked at him but said nothing.

"Chris? Chris, I'm sorry but.." Jeremy began.

"Don't.Don't say anything. I've heard enough out of you tonight. You wanna stay with that son of a bitch. Fine! Go! Do whatever you want. But I won't stay to watch you kill yourself. Yes Jeremy. I am leaving. I love you. I've loved you since the first night when you fell in my arms. I've loved you despite the fact that you've kept me and my love at bay. But not anymore. If you want me, you have to leave him. Call me selfish. But it's only because I love you a lot and can't see you do this. I know you won't come. So I'll go now. But I love you. And always will. No matter if you don't reciprocate."

With this outburst Chris walked away. Nate and Tiara stood torn between Jeremy and Chris. Jeremy sat shocked and numb looking after the slowly fading figure of Chris. A storm had risen in his heart. His entire being had been shaken. Nate turned to him and began, "hey. Listen.."

Suddenly Jeremy's cell rang again.

" I have to go now. It's time." Jeremy spoke and got up as the lightning flashed in the sky.

**********************************

Chapter 07

*************** 

It was a restless night for the inhabitants of the metropolis. Something foreboding and ominous had settled itself in the slowly unsettling atmosphere. The news stations were abuzz with weather forecasts warning about the worst storm ever in the last half decade. The dark and heavily clouded sky emphasized the very nature of the approaching thunderstorm. It was expected to be a night of sheer unrest and chaos as stormy nights are usually seen. One such warning forecast was being watched by Jacob as he sat waiting. However, he was taking no notice of the 'well made up' woman talking about the approaching storm. He sat in a reverie. Ideas going through his head. The clicking of a key turning in the door knob snapped him out of it. So, Jeremy was finally back.

He murmured 'Turn off' and the TV shut down. Turning the rotating chair he faced the door as Jeremy entered. Jeremy's eyes landed instantly on him.

Without a word he proceeded towards their bedroom.

"Where have you been?" Jacob asked in a low but firm voice.

Jeremy halted as if to reply but thought not to. He ignored the question and went ahead. Jacob felt slight anger but knew he could not lose control tonight. The matter was too delicate at the point. He followed Jeremy into the room.

"Why didn't you answer my calls, babe?" He spoke aligning his frame against the door.

"Don't call me that." Was all Jeremy said without looking at him once while changing.

Jacob's hand rolled into a fist instantly but he took a deep breath and walked towards Jeremy who was arranging his clothes, facing the other way. As Jeremy turned he found Jacob's chest inches away from his face. He looked up at his face. Jacob tried to put his arms around Jeremy's waist but he pushed them away.

"Don't touch me! After what you did last night, I can not stand being near you. Just stay away from me!' Jeremy spoke agitated and pushed him away. As He walked ahead, he felt Jacob's hand grabbing his elbow and pulling him back. The force made him fall on the bed. He turned his head to see Jacob's face screwed in rage.

"You do NOT order me to get lost! You do NOT talk back to me! I am the owner of this apartment, every thing in this place! And that includes You as well, Jeremy!"

Jeremy sprang up from the bed and looked straight into Jacob's eyes. His entire frame was shaking in anger. Something was building up in him. And before he knew it, before he felt it spilling out- he burst, " No! I am Not a thing! You are NOT the owner of my life! I will do what I want! I will not let a psychotic controller like you ruin... "

But his sentence was cut short by a resounding slap that sent him staggering backwards. The power in the apartment suddenly went out. The emergency back up turned on and the room was lighted by a low red light. The storm had hit the city in full force now. The winds had turned violent and were wreaking havoc on the streets. The rain had started to hit the earth hard. And the gusts of wind were making the rain drops violent and offensive on the earth.

Jacob was lit in the red light that magnified his ferocity and sheer insanity. He moved towards Jeremy while spitting venom.

"You filthy bitch! I was the one who picked you up from the streets and gave you shelter. You would have died a dog's death but for me! And tonight you show your ingratitude and traitorous nature! I know where this is coming from! From that mother-fucker Chris who's been fucking you! Hasn't he? You dirty whore! Where were you? Sucking his cock!? Making him fuck your ass? I'm gonna show you what is due for cheating thankless bitches like you!"

Jacob grabbed the belt from the bed and swung it at Jeremy's back who recoiled in pain. Jacob then slapped him across the face harder.

Jeremy's hand touched his cut lips. When he saw the blood on his hands the dam of patience got annihilated in a wink. Anger and Fury rose in him and he felt a sudden rush in his entire frame. Jacob raised his hand again and swung it at Jeremy.

" ENOUGH!"

Jeremy's voice echoed in every corner of the room as he stopped Jacob's blow. At that moment the windows gave up restraining and the stormy winds entered the room bringing with them the drops of rain. The curtains blew violently with the wind and the room was filled with cold air. Jeremy felt the cold air washing over him. He felt stronger and more alive than he had felt for such a long time. He threw back Jacob's hand and spoke loudly over the howling winds.

"I will have no more of your crap, Jacob Gardner! Enough of the shit I've been with you. If you touch me again, I swear you'll regret it for the rest of your life!"

Jacob stared at him shocked. But his fury got the better of him and he swung the belt. This time Jeremy was ready. He caught the belt and snatched it out of his hands. Next he took it and hit Jacob across the face with it. Jacob shouted in pain and retreated holding his face in his hands.

"You're not the only one who can hit! You thought I was weak. That I had nowhere to go! You were wrong! I am not weak! I am not alone! I have people who love me! And tonight I kick you out of my life! Fuck off! I am leaving you!"

With that Jeremy threw the belt at Jacob's feet who made no effort to get up as the belt had hit him in the eyes and the pain didn't let him bother about anything else.

As Jeremy stepped out onto the street he looked upwards. The storm was settling now. He let the drizzle wash over him. The wind soothed him. The east had cracks of dawn peeking through the clouds. A new feeling of hope was filling Jeremy's heart. He looked at the street ahead. He knew where he had to go... *************************************

CHAPTER 08 

*********** 

Chris punched the punching bag for the fiftieth time now. He kicked it in sheer frustration. He groaned in agitation. He had spent the night venting his vexation at the bag. He had not slept a wink and every moment Jeremy's face flashed before his eyes. And then the thought of Jacob angered him even more. And then he would start punching and kicking again.

His cell started ringing Andrew Belle's ' In my veins'. He stopped punching and took off his gloves. His bare chest was glistening with sweat while his hair dripped with it. He adjusted his boxers and grabbed the cell. It was Jeremy. He thought for a second and disconnected the call.

He couldn't talk to him. The cell rang again but he disconnected. Next he grabbed a towel planning to shower and then perhaps try to go to bed. As he walked towards the shower he heard the door ring this time.

He looked at the clock. It was 4 am. Who would call on him at this hour? He walked across the living room where the fire was lit and warmed it. He turned the knob and opened the door and stood struck.

"Jeremy?"

To his astonishment, Jeremy stood there drenched to the skin. His black shirt and jeans stuck to his skin. His wet black hair fell on his soft pale forehead. He looked at him through twinkling blue eyes. The fire was quivering in Jeremy's eyes.

"What do you want Jeremy?" Chris asked in a low voice.

" You."

With that monosyllable that knocked Chris out of his wit, Jeremy stepped in and with his arms around Chris 's neck, Jeremy locked lips with him. Chris let the towel fall and slamming the door shut, pushed Jeremy against it, while kissing him- the tongue now being active.

Chris felt himself getting painfully harder and started unbuttoning Jeremy's shirt and pulling it off him. He moved his fingers softly at the scar on his chest. He looked into his eyes. Jeremy smiled and kissed him again while murmuring, " It's all right."

Chris picked Jeremy up and carried him to bed. He laid him on it and got on top. Kissing his neck and chest, Chris got rid of his jeans while Jeremy took off his boxers. Their penises slid against each other as Chris felt Jeremy's soft body against his muscled form.

" I love you so much." Chris spoke into his ear.

"I love you too. But you smell sort of funky."

"What?!? Funky?!? " Chris looked at him shocked; all sweet sex talk forgotten. Jeremy had a sly smile and laughed.

"You're sort of stinking. " He spoke.

"What the hell? Hell man! You want me to shower now! With this ultra hard penis? "

"Uhm... Sort of." Jeremy spoke with his tongue in between his teeth.

"Urghhh!" Chris prepared to get off but Jeremy pulled him back for a deep passionate kiss.

"I think I'll survive this time." He spoke between the kiss. Chris ticked him and both laughed.

After the long passionate love making which involved a lot of bed shaking and pillows thrown and loud comments and echoing laughter, as they lay in bed panting, Chris turned to Jeremy.

"You know I love you, J. And whatever be the case, I'll always be there for you. You are in my veins."

"I love you too Chris. You're the best that could have ever happened to me. This life or any other, I would want you always there. "

With these vows of love they kissed to seal the bond of happiness...