 "Don't," Carole said weakly as he moved between her legs. Her words said "no" but her body language said something very different as she parted her legs wide and stared intently at his big hard cock. My dick wasn't small but his dwarfed mine in both length and width by a humiliating margin. 

I watched wide eyed as he lewdly rubbed his huge cock across my pretty wife's swollen pussy lips. Her eyes were closed and her face held the expression of a lust starved woman. We were new to the scene but we had roll played and talked about swinging many times. At first we talked about bringing another woman into our bed. Carole had admitted to being bicurious and I was more than willing to watch her experiment with another woman. As time passed our fantasies evolved and when Carole admitted that she not only wanted to have sex with another woman, she also wanted to watch me with the other woman too I was all in. She said the idea of watching me fuck another woman was really hot and from that point on we began trying to fulfill her fantasy. 

We joined a swingers website and looked for a single bisexual girl to bring into our bed but the search came up empty. We eventually we agreed to look for another couple who was also looking, primarily, for girl/girl action and we agreed that we had no interest in another guy having sex with Carole. 

We met Matt and Jenny through the swingers website. They were a good looking couple in their late twenties and Jenny was fit Carole's type to near perfection. She had long dark hair that framed a beautiful "girl next door" face. She was taller than Carole, at 5'7" and she had big natural breasts, a narrow waist and slender hips. Matt looked like the all American guy with short sandy brown hair, blue eyes and a muscular athletic build. We exchanged emails and even talked on the phone with the two of them. Matt was definitely the take charge type and he did most of the talking while we chatted but Jenny did chime in and she flirted with Carole a lot. Carole and I would always get excited when we talked to Matt and Jenny and we had incredible sex every time. 

Matt told us they were a soft swap couple, meaning that the girls could play together, but they guys could only have sex with their wives, and they only played together in the same room. Carole and I were fine with their requests and after a few months build up we agreed to have them over our house for drinks. 

Carole and I were both excited to finally meet them and when the day arrived we were both very nervous and excited. 

Matt showed up on time but alone. He explained that Jenny was running late at work and we invited him inside for a drink. Our long courtship had left us very comfortable with him and we quickly sat down in our family room and had a glass of wine. An hour later we had finished two bottles of wine when Matt's phone rang. We had been chatting comfortably and he had flirted incessantly with my wife during that hour. Carole had not returned his flirtatious comments at first but after a few drinks she began to openly flirt back. It was all part of the game and I knew that when Jenny arrived the real fun would begin. 

Matt excused himself and stepped outside to talk on the phone. He returned several minutes later and explained that Jenny had gotten stuck at work and she wasn't able to make it. 

Carole and I were both disappointed but we had been having a good time with Matt that we decided to hang out and have a few more drinks together. Carole and Matt sat back down in our family room as I went to the kitchen for another bottle of wine. When I returned they were kissing deeply on the couch. 

I watched them kiss and my cock grew hard in my pants. I had never imagined watching my wife with another man and I was surprised as how exciting it was. 

Matt was clearly in control and he brazenly unbuttoned my wife's blouse and bra as I stood transfixed in the doorway with an opened bottle of Cabernet in my hand and a stiff dick in my pants. 

Carole returned his kisses enthusiastically as her hands caressed his strong body. Her chest heaved and she was as excited as I had ever seen her in the 17 years of our marriage. 

Matt unfastened my wife's skirt and pushed it down past her full hips. My wife, at forty, was still beautiful and sexy. Her brown hair was filled with a mix of red and blonde highlights and worn shoulder length. She had gained twenty five well placed pounds in the 17 years we had been married but with full breasts, a tapered waist and wide hips she was even sexier than she had been when we married. 

Carole opened her eyes and looked at me briefly. She seemed to wrestle with a decision for a moment as they continued to kiss. Matt had moved his still clothed body on top of my beautiful wife and I imagined that she could feel his manhood against her soft curvaceous body. 

"We should stop," Carole panted as she tried to get control over herself and the situation. I knew I should say something to help her but I was beside myself with lust. 

Matt climbed off my wife's near naked disheveled body and looked down at her with a playful smile on his handsome face. He pulled his shirt over his head revealing his broad, well defined chest. We had exchanged pictures over the previous month but they did not do him justice. He was tan and muscular with big pecs and perfect six pack abs. 

Carole sighed softly and her eyes moved from me to Matt and back again as though she was silently pleading me to save her from herself. 

Matt slowly ran his hand down his taught muscular torso to the buckle on his jeans. I could see a prominent bulge. And he briefly rubbed it before undoing his belt and the button atop his pants. He looked down at my wife and then smiled broadly. Carole looked up at him and then back at me. Her pretty brown eyes were glossy and her cheeks were flushed. She looked radiant but conflicted. 

The sound of Matt's zipper echoed in my head as he unleashed his big hard cock. His pants and underwear fell to the floor as his huge cock sprung free and jutted straight out from his body. It was nearly 8 inches long and extremely thick with a bulbous, purple head and thick veins adorning the shaft. 

"Do you still want me to stop?" He asked. He knew the answer and a smug grin spread across his face. 

"Yes," Carole said meekly. Her eyes were transfixed onto his big throbbing dick and I suddenly felt insignificant and unnecessary as I watched her eyes hungrily devour his manhood. 

Matt ignored Carole's words and moved between her legs. He knelt in front of her and pointed his giant dick toward her pussy as he looked into her glazed eyes. 

"Don't," she said unconvincingly as she spread her legs wide. 

Matt moved forward and rubbed his big cock across my wife's swollen pussy lips slowly. I could see precum glistening on the head of his dick and as he rubbed it against Carole's cunt it became soaked with the combination of their juices. 

"Stop," she said. Her voice was a little louder and slightly more convincing. "I said no."

Matt didn't hesitate. He pushed his hips forward and sank his huge dick inside my wife's hot, wet cunt. He leaned forward to kiss her but she pushed his face away. 

"No," she said loudly, "stop." She pushed him away but he was still buried deep inside her. His hips started to move with long fluid motions as Carole pushed and hit his chest. 

"Get off," she moaned as her body responded to his thrusting dick. Her eyes closed and her legs wrapped around his waist pulling him deep inside her. She stopped pushing him away and instead raked her nails down his chest leaving deep red welts in their wake. 

Matt looked at me and smiled triumphantly. His pace had quickened and Carole's hips thrust to meet his as they fucked. 

I squeezed my dick through my pants as I watched them. Matt nodded, giving me the permission I needed, and I dropped my pants to the floor and started to openly flog my cock as Matt fucked my wife. 

Carole moaned and yelped loudly each time Matt thrust his huge dick into her. She had always been a quiet lover with me but Matt clearly brought her to a new level of excitement. He thrust hard into her quivering cunt as I watched and furiously stroked my dick. 

Matt pounded his giant cock into my wife hard and fast. The scent of her arousal filled the warm air as the raw animalistic sounds of sex echoed in off the plaster walls of our home. 

"Oh fuck," my wife yelled loudly. "Don't stop, don't you fucking stop." She grunted and thrust her body violently against his as my hand moved furiously over my throbbing hard meat. 

Matt pawed Carole's tits as he pounded his big fuck stick into her liquid core. Sweat ran down my wife's neck into the valley between her beautiful breasts. 

"Yes," she hissed loudly. Her body shook violently as she panted and moaned with intense pleasure. "I'm cumming," she yelled as waves of pleasure broke across her convulsing body. 

Matt continued to pound his giant dick into my beautiful wife until her powerful climax ebbed. Her eyes were still closed and chest was flushed as she fought to catch her breath. Her hair and makeup was disheveled but she looked beautiful and sexy in her satisfied state. 

Matt pulled his dripping, hard tool from my wife's gaping pussy and climbed onto the couch straddling her legs. His big wet dick pointed at Carole's pretty face and he fisted his shaft. 

"Suck it," he said firmly. Carole has a small mouth and has never enjoyed giving me head but she never hesitated. She opened her mouth wide and took his head between her lips as he stroked his shaft slowly. She struggled to stuff more of his fat meaty cock into her mouth as she moaned like a wanton whore. 

I watched my wife lick her juices off Matt's big dick. I was in a daze with hedonistic desires as she slurped his huge cock. 

"Fuck me again," she said softly. Her voice was raspy and thick with lust as she looked at Matt with soft pleading eye. "Please."

Matt smiled. He was enjoying my wife's reversal and the humiliation it brought me. He looked at me contemptuously and pointed to the floor. "Lay down right there," he demanded. 

I have always had something of a submissive streak. I pulled off my shirt and quickly scrambled to the floor where I lay on my back and waited for his next command.

Matt guided Carole on top of me and positioned us in the 69 position as he moved behind my wife's beautiful ass. He pushed her down until her trimmed pussy pressed firmly against my mouth. Instinctively my tongue slithered along the wet pungent folds of Carole's pussy. 

I could feel Carole's mouth on my turgid dick and I moaned deep into her grotto as my tongue plunged into her soaking wet hole. 

Matt pushed his big dick toward Carole's needy cunt and his drooling cock slid along my lips and tongue as I continued lick my wife's creamy pussy. 

I struggled to move and pull away but he pushed her down on top of me and pinned me as he sank his huge cock balls deep inside her. 

Carole moaned loudly as Matt started to fuck her from behind and she pleaded for me to keep licking her hard clit. I slowly aquiesed to her desires and flicked my tongue over her sensitive nub as Matt rammed his hard dick into her creamy core. She came fast under our two pronged attack and collapsed on top of me. Matt continued to fuck her until her climax subsided and the he pulled his dripping wet dick from her satiated hole and stroked it slowly as Carole rolled off me. 

"More baby," she said breathlessly. "Let me ride it."

Matt moved to the couch and Carole straddled his legs with her back to Matt and slowly lowered her honey pot onto his throbbing fuck stick. She groaned as she took him balls deep and then she started to ride him reverse cowgirl style. 

For the first time in an hour my beautiful wife looked me in the eye and she smiled brightly. Her cheeks were still flushed as she motioned me to her. 

I knelt in front of my wife between her, and her lover's spread legs and looked at her. She looked incredibly sexy. Her moves were primal yet fluid and she looked at me with love and adoration. 

"Kiss me baby," she said softly. She sank low onto Matt's big dick and our lips met in a deep wet kiss. Her tongue plunged into my mouth and it entwined with mine as my hands roamed over her soft smooth body. 

"Lick my clit again," she sighed as her hands gently pushed me lower until my lips were touching her hard swollen clit. My tongue flicked her clit and then in the heat of the moment I licked his wet glistening shaft. 

Matt moaned his approval and Carole held my head and guided it all across their sloppy wet union. 

"My clit baby," she moaned, "I need to cum again." Her voice was raw, sultry and she sounded like a different person. 

Matt thrust upward into my wife as she continued to ride his big meaty cock. I glued my lips to her clit and sucked hard as my tongue flicked across the sensitive nub until she exploded in the most powerful climax of the night. 

Carole rode Matt's dick until her body went limp and then she rolled off him and laid back on the couch facing us. 

"I'm close," he said, wrapping his fish around his shaft and stroking it slowly. He looked into my eyes and I knew what he wanted. I wanted it too. I had never in my wildest dreams imagined touching much less sucking another man's dick but at that moment there was nothing else that I wanted to do. 

I looked at Carole and she smiled brightly. "Do it baby," she encouraged as she laid back on the couch and watched my life change forever. 

I approached slowly. My eyes were glued to his wet hard cock. It looked delicious and I was anxious to feel it in my mouth. I opened my mouth wide and accepted his thick meaty cock between my lips. 

Matt and Carole both moaned as my head bobbed slowly over his turgid cock. I took it to the back of my throat and wrapped my fist around his big shaft. The combination of Carole's juices and Matt's precum was delicious and the feeling of his dick on my lips was empowering. I wondered why there was such a stigma against gay and bisexual men in our society. 

My head bobbed briskly taking him deeper with each stroke until I managed to take nearly his entire dick down my throat. 

"I'm gonna cum," Matt warned as he passed the point of no return. 

I moaned and sucked hard on his big delicious cock head as I stroked his long shaft with my right hand. 

"Drink it baby," Carole said softly. Her fingers were deep inside her hot cunt as she watched my awakening. 

Matt groaned loudly as he came. His big dick swelled in my mouth and pumped hot, thick cum up the shaft and into my waiting mouth. The first blast of cum hit the back of my throat and I started to swallow quickly. I managed to drink most of his hot seed but drops spilled from the corner of my mouth and ran down my chin. I sucked his dick as it deflated in my hungry mouth and he pushed me away from his sensitive spent cock. 

Carole pushed me onto my back and mounted my painfully hard dick. She rode me hard and fast until I exploded inside her pumping the biggest load of cream of my life into her womb. 

Matt left shortly after I came and Carole and I agreed it had been the most incredible sexual experience of our lives. We no longer want a threesome for the girls, but we are looking forward to the possibilities when Jenny joins us for a hot foursome. I knew it would be much better than golf.