 AUTHOR'S DISCLAIMER: All participants depicted were over 18 at the time of the story.

*

My hands tapped anxiously on the steering wheel as I pulled off the interstate. I had met Ryan through a masturbating site a few days earlier. I had originally hoped to find a girl to hook up with (or at least fool around with), but alas, it was almost entirely guys on there. Luckily, Ryan and I had come across each other and both talked about how we hadn't been laid in months. He lived an hour away, his parents were gone for the weekend, so I suggested we get together and watch porn. He instantly concurred and gave me his address.

I was a bit nervous, unsure of what to expect. I had only masturbated once before with another guy, my cousin when we were younger, and even then it had only been once. We hadn't really talked about it, just kind of skirting around the subject. From the way he had talked, he seemed at least open to the idea, but I couldn't be completely sure.

I had brought the few porn movies I owned; one that I had taped off of HBO, another that I had bought in a porn shop a few days after my eighteenth birthday, and a third that I was borrowing from a friend. Ryan had said he had a few Hustler DVD's, so I figured we were set.

With some difficulty, I finally arrived at the address. I knocked on the door and waited. After a few moments, Ryan opened the door and invited me in. He was shorter than me, maybe 5' 9" compared to my 6' 1", but he was leaner than me, his muscles more well defined. He was wearing cargo shorts and a white undershirt. He showed me around his house and we finally sat down on the couch in the living room, the middle cushion empty between us. After a few awkward moments of silence, he suggested we start watching some porn.

We started with one of his DVD's. It was pretty good, got me nice and hard. We made small chit-chat about the movie, how hot the chick was, how big her tits were, etc. He was stroking his dick through his shorts and I could see a pretty sizeable bulge there. He caught me eyeing him, but didn't say anything. His eyes went down to my crotch, where my own hard-on was pressing against me jeans.

"Man, I can't believe I'm so hard already," Ryan said. "It usually takes me a few minutes to get warmed up."

I suggested that maybe that we hadn't been laid in so long it wouldn't take as much to get us aroused. 

"I just didn't want you to think I was getting turned on by you, or something," Ryan murmured. "I figured you'd kick my ass because you thought I was coming on to you."

I laughed. "Nah, it's cool. I'm hard as a rock too."

"Really?" Ryan leaned over and looked closely, pretending he hadn't glanced at it earlier. I adjusted my hips up to put maximum pressure on my jeans, making the bulge as big as possible. He kept his eyes focused on it for a good minute or two, during which I absent-mindedly rubbed my cock. Ryan did the same.

As the first scene ended, Ryan was now looking down at my crotch every few seconds, almost more than he was looking at the TV. I could tell he wanted to start stroking but was too shy to do so. In an uncharacteristically bold move on my part (I'm normally pretty reserved), I said, "Well dude, I need to get off."

The words hung in the air, unanswered for a moment. "Yeah, me too," he finally replied. He slid his hand into his shorts and began to awkwardly stroke his dick, not even unbuttoning his shorts first.

"Well you can do it that way, but I'm gonna do mine out in the open." I stood up and took off my shirt. Without a moment's hesitation, Ryan stood up and did the same. We stood there, looking at each other shirtless. My boldness suddenly evaporated as I waited for Ryan to pull his shorts off. "Well are you going to do it?" I asked.

"You first."

I paused. "How about at the same time?" I offered.

He considered for a moment. "Alright."

"On three. One, two, three."

We both dropped them at the same time and immediately stared at one another's cocks. His looked about the same length as mine, maybe a hair shorter, but definitely thicker. His balls hung low and were surprisingly big, but then again, so was his dick. We didn't say anything and just sat back down on the couch and began stroking. The TV might as well have been blank, because we were watching each other. A minute later, Ryan leaned over the side of the couch and pulled out a bottle of oil. He poured some out on his dick and rubbed it in. He asked if I wanted any. I said I did.

Now it was Ryan's turn to be bold. He leaned over and squirted it on to my dick and then, without even asking, he gripped my cock firmly and stroked me, spreading out the oil nice and evenly. Once he was satisfied that it was on evenly, he gave my dick one final, slow, and agonizingly pleasurable jerk and let go. He went back to stroking his own dick, while I tried to catch up with what the hell just happened. Not to be outdone, I said, "You missed a spot." I began stroking his dick, not even bothering with the pretense that I was spreading lube on it.

He scooted over on the couch, the sides of our asses and legs touching now. He began stroking my dick while I jerked his. It was incredible. When I had done it with my cousin, we were both new to masturbating and didn't have very good technique, but this time was so much different. We were both experienced, we both new what to do. He gave a better handjob than the 40-something woman I would hook up with a few years later. It was epic.

I started to notice that his dick was getting a bit softer. I assumed it was because he was focused on me and I wasn't doing a very good job, but it was so hard to concentrate with him jerking me off. Eventually I just relaxed my arm and twisted my lower body to give him better access. He kept on, gripping my cock with just the right firmness, moving at just the right speed. After only a few minutes, I came. My cock exploded, shooting a huge spurt of cum up arm, all the way to his bicep. Most of my cum wound up on his hand and arm, but he didn't seem to mind. After I caught my breath, Ryan stood up to get a towel. His flaccid, but still sizable dick hung down, and I saw that his stomach and groin were covered in cum. Confused, I looked at the hand I'd been stroking him with, and it, too, was covered in cum. I'd been so into Ryan's jacking me off, that I didn't even noticed he'd cum!

After we cleaned ourselves up, we went into the kitchen and got some lunch. There was something really erotic about going about things casually, even though we had just jerked each other off and were still completely nude.

We eventually went back into the living and resumed our activities. We wound up jerking each other three or four more times, each time getting a bit more adventurous and trying different positions, holding our cocks together and rubbing them, playing with each other's balls, etc. Later in the day, after we had once again recuperated and were watching porn, Ryan asked me if it would freak me out for him to give me head. I said that I wasn't really interested in giving him head (it seemed like a step too far for me), but I told him he was free to suck mine if he wanted to. I figured he would say forget it, but to my surprise, he immediately leaned over and began sucking me off.

He was actually pretty good at it, good enough that I wondered later if he'd ever done it before. Regardless, he licked and sucked my cock, hitting the right spots at the right times. His hands cradled my balls, massaging them gently. He couldn't take my dick in very far, but he definitely made the most of what he could do. I stroked his dick with one free hand while he blew me. It didn't take long before I had to cum again, and though I figured I had already cum so much that day that there wasn't much left, I still gave him the courtesy two-minute warning. He kept right on sucking. Not sure that he heard me, I repeated myself, this time louder, "I'm going to cum!" He didn't even pause.

I came into his mouth, shooting more than I would have thought possible, nearly as much as I had the first time. Ryan sat up, wiping his mouth. "I'd always wondered what cum tastes like."

"And?"

He shook his head. "Nasty."

I laughed and he got up to get some water. When he came back, I had changed my mind. I leaned over and immediately began sucking him. I ran my lips up and down his shaft, sliding my tongue on the underside of his dick, just beneath the head. I had no idea what I was doing and before I could even get the hang of it, he was cumming. Not wanting to swallow, I pulled his cock out of my mouth, and just in time. I hadn't even stroked it once and his cock spurt out a ton of white hot jizz all over both our stomachs, groins, and dicks.

"How did you cum that much? You've gotten off like five times today!"

"Dude, you came just as much."

Thoroughly exhausted, we both lounged around for awhile and watched TV, still nude. As night fell, I got dressed and left to head home. Though we both wanted to get together again, our schedules never quite matched up. Even so, it is still one of the most erotic memories of my life.