 I was really bummed out. College had turned out to be a repeat of high school. I didn't fit in and was constantly being taunted because I was smaller than the rest of the guys. It was May and I was done with this school crap. After deciding that I really didn't want to go home I had begun hitch hiking across the country. This was my third day and it wasn't looking good. It had rained slowly for an hour and while it wasn't raining now it looked very threatening. To make things worse I was in the hills of Kentucky and hadn't seen a car for 40 minutes. I heard a truck coming and stuck out my thumb, hoping, hoping. Dam, he was stopping. He saw I was soaked and came around the truck, opened the door, and reached in the back of the seat for a blanket. "I hate to get the inside of my new truck wet, here sit on this. My name is Mike, what's yours?" 

"It's Jerry sir, thanks for picking me up." Well Jerr, I'm Mike.

I got in and sat down. "I've got to take a leak, might as well do it here." He pulled out this massive, thick cock. It was 6 inches long, soft and very thick. As he pissed I just couldn't stop looking. I didn't even notice that he had stopped pissing and was now just slowly stroking it. "Well boy, might as well get on the road, it's sure to pour in the next few minutes. I watched him come around the front, well over six foot, short hair, well built. We had no sooner pulled away than the skies just opened up. "I'm only going up a few miles kid. I was visiting my girlfriend in town now I'm on my way back to my cabin. What's your story, where are you headed." I told him the whole sorry truth; I really had no idea and no prospects. 

"Well I can certainly understand that it's tough on a little twerpy guy like you." A twerp, how could he say that I thought? " Well I really can't just abandon you here in this weather, come up to my place to dry off. Actually I'm advertising right now for a boy, maybe you want to stay and take the job for a while. Yeah I'm a writer and like the seclusion of the mountains. It's quiet yet I can run into town to get food or get laid. I do like a boy around to take care of things though. Why don't you think about it?

The cabin was actually a pretty nice house with nothing around it but trees. We ran thru the rain onto the porch and he started to undress in front of the door "don't want you tracking all that water thru the place boy, better strip down." I could have said no but in reality had no options so I did as he said. We both went into the house in our jockey shorts. The house was nice with great natural light and good furnishings. 

He got a couple of cokes while I looked around. "Lets put your wet stuff in the dryer, eh. I followed him into the bathroom, which was enormous. It must have been 14-foot square with skylights, a hot tub and a lot of unusual plumbing stuff. I didn't want to stare but I was impressed. He turned on the dryer then told me to take off my shorts also. "You don't want to be running around in wet under shorts do you?" As kind of a punctuation he casually took off his jockeys and put them in. Again I did as he said. "Wow boy, no wonder you were picked on, you've got a cock like a little boy." I knew I was blushing like crazy, I couldn't help it. "Lets go in, sit down and drink our cokes."

He put on a robe and sat down, I went to sit and he stopped me. "No boy, you can't sit your bare ass on the furniture. I would loan you clothes but you're obviously not my size. Squat down on the floor here, the rugs very soft." He motioned me to a place just in front of him, his robe was open and I could see that big cock nested between his legs. He was talking but I didn't hear, I was just staring. "I wonder have you thought about being my boy for a while?" 

"I really don't know what that means Sir, just what does a boy do?"

"Ha-ha, a boy just does what he's told. You've heard of houseboys or manservants haven't you. I write for a living and find that sex relaxes me and lets me think. You would be required to service me and all my needs. I think you would be perfect. Of course, maybe your not interested in this?" he was stroking that perfect cock again and I couldn't take my eyes away. "Are you interested boy?"

I stammered out a yes Sir and a "tell me more."

"You'll have to do what your told, from what I know you'll like that. Come over here I'll show you." I shuffled forward until I was at his feet, between his legs. "I know you like looking at my cock, why don't you get acquainted. Put your hand around it, feel its texture. That's right boy, it feels good doesn't it?" I must admit it did even when he told me to get close and take a whiff of his man smell. 

"Have you ever sucked a man's cock before?" 

"No Sir, I'm not gay." 

"Well then your in luck, it'll be a new experience for you, it makes no difference to me if your gay or not by the way. After all, a mouths a mouth and teaching a straight boy will be fun. I've found that having a boy serve me works the best. Having a woman to fuck is nice but they are very high maintence, a boy can be trained to want to serve and pleasure you without all the drama and hassle"

"It's important to get familiar with me, I want you to look carefully at my crotch then get your nose in there and smell my manliness, get used to my essence. While your doing that I'll tell you the rules that you'll be following. That's right smell that cock and ball sack. You know that as my manservant you'll often be servicing that cock, it will become the focus of your existence. I often cum 3 or 4 times a day." If you obey me you'll learn a useful skill or two. A good houseboy is always in demand."

Seeing me staring at his crotch he said "That's good boy. I want you to study my cock and balls, concentrate on them and on how much you want to give me pleasure, focus entirely on them. Let your mind wander to giving me the best blowjob you can imagine. Think about how hungry your tongue is for my cock, how it'll feel to swab across my balls with your tongue. I will own your mouth. Just think about how much you want to dedicate yourself to this cock." 

As he talked I looked carefully at the thick veined cock and massive balls. In fact His cock was over eight inches in length and close to two inches in diameter. The head was as big as a baby's fist, red and swollen with pre-cum already formed on the head. His balls hung heavily below his cock, filled with the hot cum he would soon deposit in my youthful and inexperienced mouth. "Look at my cock now boy." He gripped my head and ran his cock across my face. I saw pre-cum leak out of his cock and felt it's heat. I knew he could feel my hot breath on his cock. He looked down at me, his eyes bright and rested his cock against my lips. "Kiss my cock now son."

I felt the little cum drop on my lips and knew I would soon have to take it into my mouth. I wanted it. "Lick it with your tongue boy, taste my cock with your tongue. Now put my cock inside your warm mouth. Use your tongue on it when it's inside, get used to the taste. Tighten your lips around it and just suck it like a lollypop."

The time had come, he wanted his cock inside my mouth. I slowly opened my mouth and let it enter my mouth. It felt so hot, so hard. It didn't taste bad, it just felt natural. I ran my tongue over the head and tasted his pre-cum. It felt thick on my tongue, thick and salty. He had told me he would cum in my mouth, I wasn't sure that was what I wanted. I knew that when he came, it would fill my mouth with a large amount. I didn't know if I would be able to swallow all of it, but knew he would force me to. He was urging me to take yet more of it. I hesitantly let the huge, hard cock push further into my mouth, my tongue running over the head as I did. I felt it twitch on my lips, knowing that I was pleasing him. My lips stretched wide over the head as the cockhead was swallowed up. My tongue bathed it in saliva. I had a girlfriend and had been blown myself and knew the feeling. I knew it would soon be time for him to make me take his big cock into my throat; all guys wanted this. His cock jerked again, small amounts of cum leaked from the head as my tongue cleaned it. 

He moved the cock out and than back in, each time it went deeper into my mouth. I now had three inches of cock in my mouth, my tongue moved quickly over it. This was not so bad I thought. The taste of his cum was not unpleasant and having this large cock in my mouth wasn't as bad as I had thought it would be. My lips were stretched wide over his cock and I began to move my head back and forth over his cock, each time eating more and more of his hot cock meat into my stretched mouth.

"Open your eyes son, look at me as you suck my cock, I want to see my boy's

virgin mouth wrapped around my cock. I looked up at him as I continued to suck his cock, over four inches of thick cock in my mouth now. My tongue was running over the head of his cock each time I sucked it in; just as he had told me to. I was surprised at how erotic it felt to look at him as I sucked him off, humiliating but hot. I could feel it bumping against the back of my mouth now and I gagged as it pushed at my throat opening. I pulled back and than pushed back on it again, this time making sure it did not go so deep. I ran my tongue over it, bathing it with saliva, making it easier for this huge, hard cock to slide between my lips. I was now beginning to enjoy this hard, hot cock in my mouth; I wanted to please this man.

"Ok son put you hands down to your sides and don't move them. I want to show you how it feels to have your face fucked, just like I am eventually going to fuck your ass. You won't be good at it without practice but this will give you a small taste of it. Relax and breathe through your nose and it will be much easier for you. You are going to have to learn to swallow all eight inches of my cock. I don't care if you choke and gag, you have to get used to taking it deep into your throat. It'll go easier if you stick your tongue out just as I shove my cock in, that way it's out of the way. Are you ready boy?" he tilted my head up and I nodded yes as his strong hands gripped me tightly by the side of my head. I knew he watched me as I hesitantly dropped my hands to my side with fists clenched in submissive anticipation.

My lips were wrapped around his cock as he watched me suck my first cock. I felt rather than saw his large hands grip my head tightly and I knew that I was powerless to stop him from fucking my mouth. I felt my head being pushed forward as the cock entered my mouth deeper than ever. "AAAHHH," I gagged as the cock pushed against the back of my throat. "AAAHHH," I cried out again, as he pulled it out and back in again, making me gag. Tears began to fall from my eyes as the cock gagged me each time it pushed deep into my gullet. 

On the third thrust he told me to "Breathe through your nose and try to relax your throat. You're going to take my cock down your throat whether you like it or not so make it easy on yourself. This is for my pleasure only and I won't be denied. Your gag reflex lets your throat muscle grab at my cock and milks it, I like that feeling." 

He pushed his cock further into my mouth, over 6 inches was now buried in my mouth, two inches still to go. I gagged again, this time he didn't pull back but continued forcing my throat open to take his giant cock. 

I choked as the thick cock pushed deeper into my tender, skinny throat. "AAAHHH, GGGGRRRRR, UUUUGGGHHH," I heard myself say as I gagged and choked with my throat forced to take the deep cock thrusts. Tears were running freely down my cheeks but my eyes were still glued to Mike's as I watched him force his cock into my mouth and throat. "AAGGGHH," I cried as the thick, long snake pushed into the back of my mouth slowly entering my throat again. I was aware of just how much restraint he was using to slowly feed me his cock. My gag reflex was now milking it and saliva spilled out of the corners of my mouth. This time he didn't pull out, but steadily pushed his cock forward, pushing ever deeper into my throat. My mouth was opened wide as I choked and gagged on his cock, tears streamed down my cheeks. 

He was holding my head tightly as he forced my throat to accept this brutal fucking. "That's a good boy, I'm proud of you son, you even kept your hands down at your side. Now open your throat willingly to me, take my cock in deeper, do it by yourself." He pulled his cock from my mouth and I heard myself suck in fresh air. "Tongue it," he ordered. "Open wide again and take a nice deep breath, think to relax your throat." His hands ran gently over my cheeks and hair as he relaxed his grip on my head.

My body was braced for more throat fucking but he wanted me to do it myself, take it deep by myself. I sucked in as much breath as I possibly could and willed myself to push my mouth deep onto his cock. I slowly began to suck him in using my lips to massage his cock as they advanced. More and more of his snake disappeared and I felt that massive head poised at the opening of my throat. "Go ahead son, I know you want it, please your owner now." I was spurred on and forced it thru. I gagged as it hit my tonsils and his cock began to slowly slide down my throat. The saliva on his cock allowed it to slide deeper as I choked a little on this invader, this prick in my throat. It was a little better, the repeated thrusts must have numbed or tired my gag reflex opening up my throat for a throat fucking. I felt the giant cock expand my throat as it slowly opened me up. Over six inches of hard cock was buried in my mouth and I knew I had to continue pushing the cock down my gullet; it was a challenge. I gagged again but didn't pull off. I could see Mike out of the corner of my eye, hands on his hips and a pleased grin on his face as I struggled. The large cock choking me as it slowly forced itself deeper into my throat. I felt Mike's hand move down to my throat. He was feeling his cock in my throat, like a snake swallowing a mouse. "Aggghhh," I gasped as all eight inches of hard and erect cock was now buried in my mouth. I choked just a little as my mouth touched tightly against him, my nose crushed against him, my mouth wrapped tightly around his cock.

"Good boy, you now have all of my cock buried down your throat. I can feel your throat massaging my cock. Your going to be a great cocksucker for me. Now suck my cock, make me cum." I pulled back gasping and sucking in air. Only my lips were now wrapped around the head of his cock. I let my tongue lash out at the hard cock, running over his piss slit, coaxing more pre-cum from his cock. I looked up at him and felt ashamed and at the same time proud. I had managed to swallow all of his cock. It had hurt and the gagging and choking had brought tears to my eyes, but I had done it. In the background I heard him telling me I was being a "good cocksucker". Was it true, was I now a cocksucker. I really wanted to please him as I massaged his cock with my tongue and sucked on the head of his cock like it was a lollypop. I moved my head up and down, sucking this huge cock while licking it with my tongue. Saliva, mixed with pre-cum was flowing from my mouth.

I moved my head faster and heard Mike groaning. I knew he would soon be cumming. I felt his hands move back to my head, gripping me tightly. He pulled my mouth down on his cock again, pushing it into my throat. "GGGGHHHHRRR, AAAGGGHH," I choked and gagged as once again the hard cock entered my throat, forcing all eight inches of hard cock into my mouth until my lips touched his stomach. He just held it there. 

"I am going to cum in your mouth now son and I want you to swallow it. Now be a

good boy and make me cum." I could taste a bit of cum already and knew that in a few minutes my mouth would be filled with his hot and salty cum. I moved my head up and down pulling his hot cum from his balls. I felt rather than heard Mike groan as his cock twitched and jerked. He groaned again and I felt his cum shoot out of his balls and into my mouth. It was coating my tongue with his hot and thick cum. I ran my tongue over the head of his cock, coaxing yet another load of hot cum into my mouth. I swallowed hard, allowing some of the first load of cum into my stomach. My mouth was ready for the next load. The second load didn't disappoint; it filled my oral cavity. My mouth accepting his sperm like it was nectar. I sucked the head of his cock moving my cum soaked tongue all around his cock as a third spurt of cum shot into my mouth. I swallowed as he finished ejaculating into my mouth. I kept my lips wrapped tightly around his cock, stretched wide by his cock. He had filled my mouth. I know he heard me swallow as I continued sucking on his still hard member. I pulled my mouth off of his cock until only my lips held the head. I just nursed on it as his cock begins to soften, my tongue bathing his cock clean of cum. "Yes, boy, you learn well, you'll make a fine cocksucker." He pulled his cock from my lips, running the soft cock over my lips and chin. "Yes, you'll do nicely. I had forgotten how much enjoyment could be had teaching a boy how to serve."