 The other day just as I was leaving work, my buddy Jess texted me.

"Hey man, come by for a beer. I want some company. I've had a shitty day."

Jess and I have been good buds for quite awhile now, so of course I texted him back that I would head over.

The sun was very warm, daylight still had several hours before it would fade and cool off the day. I could feel the sweat running down my chest, to collect in the hairy trail that led down past the waistband of my faded 501's. As I reached my pickup, I pulled off my t shirt and climbed in to head to Jess's house. I love the feel of the breeze on my sweaty body as I head down the road. I was always self conscious around Jess. I had a pretty good body, but my muscles were kinda hidden by the rug on my chest. I was a hairy mutherfucker, that's for sure. And I'm sure as hell not one of those nancy boys that would wax or shave their chests. Jess however is naturally smooth. He once told me he thought his chest hair was a joke, but I had seen him naked many times, and knew he had a pretty thick pubic patch. His muscles aren't covered by hair. And the lucky bastard has the best fuckin six pack, hell no, it's actually the coveted eight pack. Hard, flat and smooth, his belly is a sight to behold. Jess knows he's built. He loves to go shirtless all summer long. In fact I tell him people don't recognize him with a shirt on. I usually go shirtless, too, but still I feel a little inferior to that flat belly. I've got him beat in height and overall build. I'm 6'2" and a solid 210, and have shoulders I can't fit into a suit coat. Jess is about 5'8" and a slighter build, but all hard lean muscle. We've been friends so long we think nothing of being naked around each other. We've been skinny dipping at the quarry many times, and I often shuck off and head to the pond Jess built behind his house. I always joke that I've got him beat in the dick department too. But that's kinda hard to tell cause our cocks are so different. I'm cut so my dick head is proudly on display all the time, while Jess is uncut, and hides his dick head underneath a tight foreskin. Until it's needed, that is.

Jess lives a ways out of town. His house sets back a spell from the road, so there's no neighbors to bother him. I get to the road to his house and turn into his long driveway. "Hey man, I'm here, unlock your door." I texted him. "It's fuckin open." He replied. "Come on in." "Dude, what's stuck in your craw?" Referring to his bad attitude. "I've just had an all round shitty day." he says in reply. Jess and I have been friends for a long time, so I don't take offense. I sit down on the couch beside him after I grab a beer from the fridge, along with a fresh one for him.

A I sit I notice a red welt on Jess's face near his eye. "Dude, what happened?" He shakes his head and replies, "You know that hot girl at work that asked me out last week?" I had heard about her and knew she had wanted Jess to go to a party with her this weekend. "We'll, I stopped by her house to talk about plans for the party, and guess who comes out her house, bold as shit. Her fuckin boyfriend. Back and she didn't even bother to tell me. So naturally she pretends not to know why I'm there and says something about me bothering her to go out with me. That bastard puffs up and acts all tough. He takes a swing at me, she jumps in front of me like she has to save my ass, and he hits me in the eye. I bust him in the mouth and knock him down. She starts screaming and cryin, and he's cussing about all the stuff he's gonna do to me. So I get the hell outta there and now I'm here with a busted eye and a hard on that wont die."

"I just hope that when he's fucking her she hollers my name. And I pulled off my shirt as I left just so he would see the competition and she would see what she's missing."

"Well, you have had a bad day." I say, commiserating with his troubles.

"You got that right. And I also kinda jacked up my shoulder when I punched him. He must've have a concrete jaw."

"What's it doing."

"Just feels real tight in my neck and shoulder"

I stand up, placing my hand hand on Jess's back, and tell him to scoot up on the couch. I step behind him, kind of straddling him, so he's sitting between my knees. This way I can get behind his shoulders and neck to fully use my strength to help his sore muscles. I begin to rub his neck just where it curves into his shoulder.

"Fuck!" That hurts man"

"Aww buddy, no pain no gain," I chided him

I began to work his shoulder area, really getting in deep on his traps to help ease some of the soreness. I'm a pretty strong guy so I can work him over pretty good.

Pretty soon I can feel him just start to relax. Some of the tension starts to ease from his body. With a contented sigh he leans back against my chest. I can tell he's feeling better.

"Aww, fuck man, that feels good," he says.

"Only the best for you buddy."

As Jess relaxes back against my chest I can feel the dip can in his back pocket dig into the inside of my thigh muscle. That's one of the things I find so hot about him, he always has a little hint of Skoal on his breath. Jess drops his arms down onto the top of my legs, his hands resting on my knees. I lean forward a little bit. And slide my hands down from off his shoulders, across his chest and, down onto his hard flat belly. I tuck my thumbs behind his Fox Racing belt buckle, which I've always thought was pretty hot. Jess has had this belt buckle for years and he has a matching logo tattooed in the center of his back. He snuggles back against my warm body and makes a little noise of contentment and relaxation. I like the sound and I begin to pat and rub him on his lean abs just because I like the feel of them.

"That's a nice Dalton. I like that," Jess says to me.

"Buddy, you know I'd do anything to make you feel good. You're my bro, my best friend, my one and only.

I slide my hands off his belt buckle and down across his growing bulge. With my right hand I cup his bulge, with my left hand I reach out to unbuckle his belt. The buckle falls away and I start to unbutton his 501's. I know Jess goes commando most of the time, so once his buttons are popped, I slide my right hand in his open fly and scratch him on his pubic hair. From being around him in the past I know he's always kinda itchy there, probably from keeping it trimmed. I know that feels good, and I want to do whatever I can to make him feel good. I bring my left hand around. Now both of my hands are cupping his manhood. My left encircles his shaft, my right cups and weighs his balls.

"Dude you turn me on."

"Well, that's the general idea," I said

"Well, Dalton it's working," I can hear the laughter in his voice, which makes my cock stir in campanionship.

By now I can tell he's almost fully aroused and as I glance down over his shoulder I can see that his foreskin is began to retract off of his dickhead. I slap him lightly on the belly.

"Stand up," I say. As he stands I slide my hands on to lean hipbones holding him tightly. Once he's on his feet, I roughly spin him around so he's facing me. So now I'm on eye level with his erect cock, hanging out the open front of his jeans. I can smell his slightly musky sweaty sent. He must not have showered today. I love the way he smells, slightly sweaty, with just a hint of his leftover Thorn Wolf Old Spice body spray. I grab his tight jeans on either side of his hips and in one motion peel them down to the floor. I pull them off of his bare feet, and he's now standing in front of me completely naked. Open. Vulnerable. His foreskin now fully retracted so his most tender and secret part is in front of my face. Unlike me just keeps his pubes trimmed short. I really would prefer that he had more hair, but that's the way he likes it and it just seems to suit him.I reach around him, place my hands against the small of his back and pull his body towards my face. I gently take his dickhead in my mouth, rolling his foreskin back completely with my tongue. He must've come either last night or this morning, because, under his foreskin, I can taste a slightly tangy taste of stale cum. Again I like that taste. To me it's part and parcel of my buddy Jess. Since I'm cut I will never know what it's like to have a buildup under of cum under my dickhead. I kind of envy that.

I slide my hands down onto Jess's firm tight butt cheeks and pull his body closer to my face. My nose buries itself in his trim pubes. I try-to deep throat him, taking all of him into my mouth. He's more than a mouthful. I slide back and forth, moving his dick in and out my hot wet mouth. He lets out a small groan of pleasure.

"Fuuukkk," Jess moans.

"You like that dude?" I ask.

"Quit talkin and suck my cock," Jess has never been one to mince words.

Faster and fasterI suck him, rocking his body forward and back, plunging his engorged cock deep into my mouth.

He groans again. I increase my speed, cupping his balls as I feel them begin to draw up and tighten. His body bucks slightly, his ass cheeks clench and stiffen.

I can tell he's getting close. I bend my arms behind his back so that his butt cheeks are at my elbows, my forearms pressed against his muscular back as I pull him tighter into an embrace.

"Make me cum Dalton."

"Don't worry buddy, " I say with a smile,"You will."

A squirt of thin precum gushes into my mouth, followed by an obviously thicker rushof actual cum.

Jess's hands cup the back of my head, forcing me onto his prong, as he starts to shoot his massive load.

"Dalton, Fuck, Dalton I'm cumming."

My mouth is full so I can't say anything, but I think to myself with a smile,Of course you're cumming, I should be the first to know with my mouth on your dick.

Jess grunts, low and guttural when he cums. He was grunting now as he pulled me tighter and tighter onto him as he spasmed and shot rope after rope into my mouth. He shot at least eight jets of cum before the intensity began to subside.

I swallowed as much as I could, but a lot ran out of the corners of my mouth, through my beard, and dripped onto my chest. It was warm and thick. Jess's body bucked and twitched as his orgasm began to cool. He finally let loose of my head and dropped his hands to the side of his body.

"Dalton, you're fuckin amazing."

"I know buddy, but you inspire me."

And he does.

I held Jess by the waist and turned him slowly around until his back was facing me. I could see beads and trickles of sweat had made their way down his flat muscly back, to collect in the small amount of hair he has at his butt crack. I reaches around him, sliding my hands across his now cum covered flat abdomen. I pulled him downwards, forcing him to sit between my knees, where he had been a few minutes earlier. I cross my arms over his chest and hug him tight to my sweaty body. He relaxes with a sigh and sinks lower against me. His breathing slows. With a sigh of contentment he he leans all his weight back against me.

"Jess,I love you. "

"I know man, me too," he replies. I think I can hear a hint of laughter under his words. "Me too."

I pull him tighter, and kiss him on the spot where his neck joins his shoulder, the spot where his muscles were tight and sore just a short while ago. He's completely relaxed now.

I kiss him again on the shoulder. I can taste the salt of our mingled sweat, and the tang of his cum. I'm just exactly where I want to be. We settle in together. Sleep. And in the morning we will wake and look into each other's loving eyes.