 BUN BUN:

Sadly, this was a regular routine. I'd work my ass off behind this veil, guarded by the Logatti family's hired goons until the job was done. Then I'd be loaded up into a standing torpor chamber and shipped across the desert until we got back to A99. The worst part about it was being lied to for so damn long. The Logatti made it as though my work was special, as though I was some prized possession, giving me praise when my work was done.

However it wasn't as simple as they once made it. I was no longer a child and could be bought over by praise-filled jargon and manipulative rhetoric!They weren't the only ones holding some dark secrets. There was more to me than they could ever know! Truth be told, I was a cybernetic human, one with insight into every electronic device ever created. That's right, half of my brain was intricately woven with the most advanced supercomputer ever created. This supercomputer could grow as I grew, becoming more powerful and more capable as I aged.

All and all, it was both a blessing and a curse. Now, the Logatti family did not know I was cybernetic. They didn't know a lot about me. To them, I was just a very blessed child, a child they could... monopolize. That is precisely what they did... The thing was though, I didn't blame them. We stayed in a very hostile place, a place so cutthroat that to survive, you had to use anything that could gain you leverage. It just so happened that the family entrusted to take care of me after the death of my father, realized that I was the perfect tool to make them the most powerful family in the Sonoran.

It started around my ninth or tenth birthday, when I began making machines out the junk heaps all around the Sonoran. It took me a year for these machines to have a certain level of uniformity that differentiated them from other machines with similar functions. Mind you, they were nothing other than mundane, refrigerators, induction cooktops, infrared ovens ya know... household appliances. I don't know why, as a child I felt the need to build them but I did. Remarkably, each product I made was identical to the last and the ability to make these replications down to the smallest component was my 'gift'. It was marveled by those who knew but would soon become my biggest curse.

Truth be told, I was a big secret and with secrets came the heavy guarding and keeping me under lock and key. Very few people knew I existed, and I guess it was better that way. A person with these attributes would be sought after to all ends, maybe to that person's detriment. But at twenty years old, I was getting really, really tired. I could see the rest of the Logatti family, the members that were my age, had a life of their own... boyfriends and girlfriends and nights out on the town. They could go when they pleased and had... freedom.

At night, I was locked down in my work shed, comfortable, but a slave to my work. It became this way when I was twelve and went missing for three weeks. The family grew very concerned because I was their means to make money. I had went to Sloan for a special mission of my own, one that was very, very important to me being cybernetic. When I returned, I was badly scolded by the family! The family said I could have been killed, that if anyone learned of me I'd be forced to do work! They then locked me in the work shed, saying it was for my protections. Even though I had a supercomputer for a brain, the logic sensors developed the same way the did for a human... slowly. Things didn't register, then.

Things really took a turn when about a year ago, I had too many questions and the family had too little answers. It was then I knew I was not a part of this family, never was. I was just how they made their money and how they took a big stake of... Jeurridam.

Now Jerridam is a very, very, very special place! I think at one point it was called Las Vegas based on some old books I've read. It seemed like a pretty place but after the huge fallout six hundred years ago, the city has become nothing but a junk heap... one of many. However, this wasn't particularly a bad thing. It had countless resources left over from the war. These resources themselves caused an infinite amount of battles around the desert.

Nighttime gunshots were common in these parts. They were my nighttime lullabies after a long day of slaving on mechanical work. However tonight, I couldn't sleep. I had a special project I was working on, one of my dearest templates that had been nine grueling years in the making.

Not long into my work, a knock on the side entry of the workshop distracted me. I really didn't want to be bothered by anyone at the moment. Frustrated, I opened the door surprised to see it was Beth. I considered Beth the closest thing I had to a sister. She was sweet girl, the only one with any type of sympathy for me here.

"Hey," She said with the oddest smile ever.

"Hey..." I said back, unsure how to respond. Tears rolled down her cheeks as she carried on with the smile. I then knew something was terribly wrong.

"They had a fight..." She said.

"Come on in!" I said, grabbing her by the hand. I closed the door after her and led her to my work area. She sat on a stool, interested in the components I was fiddling with.

"What's that?" She asked, temporarily distracted from her feelings.

"It's um...Just something I'm experimenting with." I said, not wanting to reveal any details about it. Beth was a very trustworthy girl but this... I couldn't even spare her the secret.

"Is it related to your father?" She asked. It made me pause. I had to stop what I was doing, the question hitting me hard.

"Yeah." I said back.

"Need I say no more," She said throwing up both hands in honor of him, " But Zeek um...he tried to steal some of moms jewels..."

"Damn." I sighed, deeply saddened by the news. Ever since I met Zeek, I had a crush on him but he was a very trouble young man. I think the desert lifestyle was proving to be too much for him. He was strung out on cocaine and it was starting to defeat him.

"I just don't know what to do anymore... It's like talking to him won't work..." Beth, said.

"Well, it's a chemical addiction. The human body confuses drugs with hormones such as endorphins and chemical receptors used all over the body. The brain starts to build synapses that use the drug as transmission receptors for things as simple as thoughts. It runs deep, Beth. It's something that can't be helped without balancing his blood chemicals which is no easy feat." I explained.

"You think you can fix it?" Beth asked, hopeful.

"I can but, is it really an issue for Zeek? Does he view his addiction as an issue? That is the question that should be asked. Based upon his answer, that's how much I can help." I said, sounding colder than I intended.

"I just pray that he comes to his senses." Beth said.

"Maybe he will, maybe he won't. At least he gets the choice..."

"Oh come one, Zanir why do you always have to be so negative?" Beth asked.

"Because, I have no reason to be positive." I said, still fiddling with the machine on my workbench.

"Sure there was something that happened today that made you smile." She asked. It made me pause. Reflecting back on the day, nothing made me feel joy. It was an awful reality, but a true one.

"See, this all boils down to you not seeing what I have to go through during the day. You only know by my account. I feel robbed of my joy, to be honest and I doubt I'll ever get it back." I said.

Beth didn't know what to say about that. She was the type of person who liked to fix feelings but I was very, very different. I liked to fester in mine. It was not like I was given a choice but to do so since I had very little social interaction with anyone, apart from the people who wheeled me in and out of the workshop. I couldn't leave anymore because the family feared I'd attempt to run away... and lose them money.

"I got to figure out a way to make you less banal!" Beth teased.

"Good luck with that...I'm virtually a robot." I said.

"Just because you build robots does not mean you're a robot." Beth laughed.

"You'll be surprised." I sighed hinting at what was truly inside of me. Beth had no idea I was a cybernetic human. It was too big of a secret to reveal to anyone...at least under these circumstances.

"So," Beth began, "You're gonna stay up all night with that thing?"

"Yeah, I might." I said unsure if I'd want to work all night.

"You look exhausted! You need to get in that bed!" Beth smiled, pointing at the tiny excuse of a bed by the rows of reinforced tool cabinets.

"When am I not exhausted?" I asked.

"You have a point. You need to find something that helps you unwind...like..."

"How regular do you pay him visits?" A stern voice asked.

Both of our eyes pinpointed the origin of the voice. It was Beth's uncle, Miguel.

"Uncle!" She said out, surprised to see him. Behind Miguel was two of Beth's brother's, Ezekiel and Heaven.

"What are you doing out here?" Heaven asked, very protective over his sister.

Ezekiel walked his sexy ass around the workshop, investigating some of the gadgets I had thrown around. His eyes fell upon what I was currently working on and then I knew something simply wasn't right. Ezekiel hadn't paid me any attention since our early teens. His life now belonged to the streets where he often was seduced by whatever he felt would get him drugs. This little curiosity pertaining to my machines had me a little concerned.

It was such a shame because he was the most gorgeous thing I ever laid eyes on, well used to be. Now, he had a lot of mileage which added fifteen years. Maybe it was the dirt and debris that he was too gross to wash off. Still though, he was one pretty person, with honey brown eyes, gentle sloping cheeks, a powerful brow, perky lips, and a cute button nose.

He stood at about six foot even, and was incredibly skinny. He was only marginally older than me, maybe about twenty one or twenty two years old. However, he carried this attitude as though I was beyond inferior to him. It was both saddening and frustrating but what could I do?

"I didn't want to go back in the house..." Beth, sighed.

"So you came out here?" Heaven asked.

"Yeah," Beth said, her tone fierce and challenging, "Why not?"

"Well..?" Heaven said, looking at me as though I was some disgusting being not worthy of their presence. It warranted a serious eye roll as I leaned across the workbench to grab a jar of rubbing alcohol.

"You need to come back in the house..." Miguel sighed.

"I'll come later," Beth said, "We're talking..."

"Are ya'll two a couple?" Heaven asked, hoping dearly that this was not the case.

"No..." I said firmly. It was clear that Heaven, Ezekiel and Miguel were skeptical. Miguel just stood there, thinking about the conversation Beth and I were having.

"Based off of the turn of that conversation, it seems you two are involved in one way or another..." Miguel inferred.

I just looked at him, detesting him with all the might my gut could muster.

"If any of cared enough about what you all put Zanir through, all of you would come visit him as well. None of you take into consideration how hard her works and how little he has to show for it." Beth argued.

I extended my palm out, pausing Beth. All I could do was shake my head.

"Don't even bother..." I said to her.

It was then I took note of Heaven touching one of the base frames for a small automaton I was working on. I eyed the boy menacingly as he continued to investigate the rough build.

"Hey! Don't touch my stuff..." I warned. He ignored me which was beyond angering. I picked up a wrench and chucked it at the boy. It hit him in the side of his head, causing him the wince.

"DON'T TOUCH MY STUFF!!!!" I shouted.

Heaven stood there in shock, unable to believe I threw a heavy wrench at him. He seized his sore head, jaw hanging as he looked at his uncle who too was shocked. The only one who wasn't shocked was Ezekiel who was silently laughing to himself. It sickened me down to my stomach.

"In fact all of you get out!" I demanded only to have them stand and stare, further shocked, "NOW!"

Miguel sighed, feeling it would be wise to leave me.

"Come on Beth..." He said.

"What harm is there for me being here? Can't two friends talk?" Beth asked with an innocent smile.

"Look," Miguel snarled obviously frustrated, "You're either going to walk out of here or I'm going to drag you out of here kicking and screaming..." The girl folded her arms defiantly and crossed her legs.

"Can you all hurry the fuck up? I have a lot to do tonight...and tomorrow...and the day after that...and the day after that...and the FUCKING DAY after that!!!!" I said, full of angst.

"Zeek, you better get your sister before I hurt the little girl." Miguel said through the grit of his teeth. Ezekiel sighed as he made his way over to Beth. He reached for her only to have her dodge his grasp, cringing in disgust.

"Don't you touch me you fucking crack-addict! I don't know when the last you washed your hands...or had a bath..." Beth snarled, walking towards the door, "I'll be damned before I let that shit touch me."

"Wow." Ezekiel said, deeply offended by what his sister said. He scratched the back of his head, having to take a seat as the words sunk in.

Heaven and Miguel walked out after her, Heaven stopping to look back at me.

"If I have a knot on my head, I'm going to..." He tried to say but found himself dodging a torque bar.

"GET THE FUCK OUT!" I screamed. The boy did not hesitate to flee the workshop, closing the door swiftly. I sighed, collapsing on my bed almost drawn to laughter over how crazy I came across, just then. I stared at the ceiling only to hear fidgeting across the shack.

I leaned up, bothered to see Ezekiel pushing my stuff out of the way to set up bedding on the floor.

"Ezekiel..." I said out of shock. He looked at me with a warm small.

"Bro, we're family, call me Zeek!" He said. That statement made my head numb. I pointed at the door.

"Get out..." I demanded.

"Bro...." Ezekiel said, fully disenchanted.

"This motherfucker..." I said to myself, scrambling to me feet. I picked up the biggest bar wrench I could find, rushing over to him. I was going to beat him senseless!

"I HAVE NO WHERE ELSE TO GO!!!!!" Ezekiel screamed, throwing up both hands to protect himself. It made me pause, taking into consideration his plight. I looked at the bar wrench in my hand, wondering was I really going to strike him with it, "Dad put me out, said I can't step foot back in the house again... Please, bro for me! Just let me stay one night, so I can figure some shit out..."

I sighed, tossing the bar wrench to the floor.

"Ok, but if you touch any one of my machines," I said, trying to think of the biggest most gruesome threat, "I'll kill your entire family...simply because you touched one of 'em! I'll burn them all alive but before that...I'll drive stakes through their feet so they're trapped in their home... Then I'll burn that bitch down! Do I make myself clear....?"

"Crystal..." Ezekiel said, clearly unsure how to feel about such a bizarre threat.

"Good, the bathroom's over there! Go take a shower please! I can smell you from over here...and brush your damn mouth! I got some unused toothbrushes in the bathroom closet. Please don't use mine! And don't use up all the hot water either because I have to do laundry tonight and take a shower for myself..." I said.

Ezekiel, went over to the bathroom, just about to enter.

"Um..." He said stopping short, "Got any underpants to spare?"

"What? NO! I'm not letting you wear my underwear! That's just nasty..." I cringed.

"Bro..." Ezekiel begged.

"OK, the bottom black filing cabinet by the two reinforced tool cabinets to my left has some... When you where them, keep them." I said, growing very uneasy. Ezekiel smiled, walking past my work station, entering the cabinets.

"Whoa dude..." Ezekiel said, surprised by my tastes in undergarments. I had some pretty exotic underwear... I didn't know why but I loved them!

"Don't judge." I sighed, not even bothering to look at his reaction.

"Finally, a normal pair..." Ezekiel said, pulling out some mesmerizing matte and silk black briefs, "Where the fuck did you get these?"

"Had them for a few years... When I was able to leave more regularly, I'd buy stuff like that." I sighed.

"Wow, everyone is just different." Ezekiel said, steadily sorting through them.

"Stop getting your fingerprints all over my underwear, boy!" I demanded. It made Ezekiel pause. He looked at me for a long while a smile gradually coming across his face.

"I don't remember you always being this mean..." Ezekiel laughed.

"Well...get locked up in a shack and be forced to work against your will and see just how bitter you become." I retorted.

"Like Beth said," Ezekiel said still laughing, "You need to lighten up."

"Just shut the fuck up and take a bath... You smell like spilled liquor, armpit and gopher shit." I said, looking down into the microscope as I used a special computer to design a priceless microprocessor.

"What are you doing?" Ezekiel asked, coming near me.

"DUDE!" I said, clenching my nose.

"Come on..." Ezekiel said, feeling a bit offended, "It's not that bad..."

"Are you sure your dad didn't say you're not allowed in the house if keep refusing to bathe?" I asked. Ezekiel laughed, rushing off to the bathroom.

He came out about thirty minutes later, looking like an entirely different human. The gorgeous Ezekiel I knew from childhood came out that bathroom! I didn't know who the fuck had went in. However, I was not one to stare thought I wanted to badly. I don't even know how I got that good of a glimpse at him because I don't recall lifting my head up from my work once.

I looked over to my watch. It was just after eleven PM, and I was growing very fatigued.

"I don't know how you're still up and running..." Ezekiel said.

"I guess I'm programmed to run off fumes." I sighed, staying on my work.

Ezekiel relaxed on his bedding, legs propped atop each other with arms behind his head. He stared at the ceiling, obviously bored.

"Why does your shampoo smell so nice?" He asked. I paused, looking at him.

"I don't use shampoo..." I said. He leaned up, concerned. He didn't know what he had put in his head.

"Well what the fuck was in the jar?" He asked.

"Conditioner..." I sighed.

"Wait...why don't you shampoo?" He inquired. I grabbed a big clump of my hair coily hair.

"You see this.. It is thick, brittle and kinky. Shampoo breaks it off. I haven't found the right formula for a shampoo yet but I settle for lemon juice and clay treatments to clean my scalp..." I explained.

"I didn't know that." He said, "My hair isn't that high maintenance... I remember when you used to roll your hair up into those tight little curly buns and everyone used to beat you with a stick..." I looked at him in displeasure.

"Why the fuck would you bring that up?" I asked, surprised by his gall. He laughed, obviously getting a kick out of upsetting me, laying back down on the bedding. He looked around the workspace seeing how... cluttered it was.

"What do for fun here?" Ezekiel asked.

"Work hard...sleep." I said. He leaned up to look at me.

"That's no fun at all! You gotta have something fun, man." Ezekiel prodded. I pointed to the filing cabinet just in front of him.

"That's my personal archive...books, magazines, movies...I got quite a collection." I sighed.

"You know how to read?" Ezekiel asked shocked.

"Yeah... I learned really young." I said, still not bothering to look at him.

"Lucky you. My dad said books are for girls, and I believed that for quite some time until I realized just how stupid it made me. I'd kill or die to be able to read... consider yourself lucky, Bun-Bun." Ezekiel said. I slowly turned to him, unsure if my ears deceived me.
