 This story will take a while to get to where it needs to be. I am currently editing part three and will be taking a break from the Jeurridam series to write the UCAC series, again the two being related to Dark Stag but NOT the same story! 

A lot of the flaws that existed in "The Arizona Paradise" have been fixed in "The City of Rust". There may have been a misconception that Jeurridam would not be a multi-part story. That is definitely my fault for not being clear. 

I also thought it'd be interesting to write a gay male story from the perspective of a female. 

Remember, comment! I love feedback and have taken the previous feedback very seriously. 

***** 

BETH: 

They dragged me into the house, sitting me down at the peninsula stool. Tanzanir, the only friend I knew was gone... All I could do was cry and cry, saddened that this day had come...all until Ezekiel walked into the dining room. I got up walking over to him as discretely as possible. Drawing my hand back as far as I could, I smacked him with as much force as I could deliver. 

"THIS IS YOUR FAULT!!" I screamed, as the boy ducked and shielded his face. I continued to pummel and kick him out of rage. Uncle pulled me off of him sitting me back on the stool. 

"Shhh, shhh, calm down Beth." He said. 

"¡Èl es un pequeña puta!" I said angrily. 

"¡SILENCIO!" Uncle said sternly. 

Dad walked slowly into the room, arms behind his back as he assessed all that had been done. He glanced at me, to Ezekiel then to his sons and nephews. He casually approached Ezekiel, socking him in the stomach. 

"You know what you've done?" He asked, socking the boy again. Ezekiel screamed out, bowing from pain, "Do you know what you've just COST THIS FAMILY!" Socking him again. The boy fell over, the tiny slip of paper nestled in his pocket becoming visible. Dad pulled it out, unfolded it and looked on confused. He handed it over to uncle. 

"What does this say?" He asked. Dad couldn't read well, but uncle could. 

"It says, 'If you want to be cured of your addiction, give this note to someone who can read. Tie your hands and feet to something sturdy so you can't hurt yourself or anyone else. Insert IV into your blood and inject activated carbon over the course of three days. Then after that, don't eat anything for six days, only drink rich fruit juices to complete the detox. You will be in pain. You will want to kill everyone around you, but the withdrawl will make you stronger... In time my friend! Ezekiel I say this because I care! You need to want better for yourself in order to do better for yourself..." Uncle read. 

"Heaven, Zion, Zach, Neal, Destro, tie Ezekiel up." Father demanded. The five boys wasted no time in hoisting Ezekiel up and marching him up the stairs, "What the fuck is IV?" 

"It's stands for Intravenous fluid. The clinic up the road has some." I chimed in. 

"And activated carbon?" He asked. 

"Powdered wood charcoal..." I responded. 

"Good to know," Dad responded, looking at me surprised that I knew this information before turning to uncle, "Make sure she goes nowhere... Jose and Marcelo, get the IV stuff." 

He went over to the fireplace grabbing some charred wood. It crumbled in his hands, making him have to cup them to keep the charcoal from falling to the floor. He brought it over to the peninsula. 

"This?" He asked skeptical. 

"Yeah..." I sighed. 

"What to do with it?" He asked. 

"Crush it in the pestle and mortar." I said, unsure how he couldn't figure this much out. He reached into the cabinet grabbing the pestle and mortar. He picked up the chunks of charcoal and placed them in the tiny bowl. He began clumsily pummeling the mineral, growing frustrated at how difficult it was. 

"Give it here, you're doing it wrong." I sighed, snatching the pestle and mortar from him. I began pressing the edges of the mortar with the pestle in a circular motion, quickly crumbling the charcoal up into a fine black powder. 

"Where'd you learn how to do this?" Dad asked. 

"Tanzanir taught me." I sighed. 

"How long were you two a thing?" He asked. I stopped, looking at him, my eyes casting rays of heat. 

"We were never a thing! He was the only friend I had and the only one who taught me any type of skills when it came to making it out here on my own in this place..." I said defensively. 

"What else," Dad continued to prod, "Did he teach you?" 

"Programming, how to build simple computers, how to understand computer languages in its entirety, how to work on some of the things he built, how to do more than cook, clean and wash all of your clothes..." I sighed. 

"Why would a girl want to learn how to do that?" He asked, deeply confused. 

"Because not all girls want to be cooped up in a house and forced to clean up after twenty two boys. Why do you think mom left?" I said, only trying to piss him off. His gaze began to penetrate me as I realized I did strike a nerve. He sighed, leaving me in the dining room with the pestle and mortar. 

Moments later, my cousins came back with a cooler filled with IV packs. I got up, looking into the cooler to see them sitting on ice, but there was something missing. 

"Where are the syringes?" I asked. 

"Syringes?" The boys asked, not even knowing what they were. 

"God, you're two useless tools of the trade," I said to myself, "Syringes are tiny little clear tubes with needles on them! GO GET THEM!" 

The two boys ran back out the house, up the road to the clinic. 

"Let me guess," Someone said from the kitchen way, "He taught you about medicine too?" It was Heaven. 

"No mom taught me a lot before she left. She used to have to take care of you all at the clinic and I always stood by her." I sighed. 

"Why were you so close to him? All the boys in the Arizona Pents and you chose him?" Heaven continued to prod. 

"Because, we had something in common. We were both terribly overworked and underappreciated. You think I like cleaning your fucking underwear?" I asked. 

"Beth!" A stern voice called from the head of the kitchen. It was dad, wanting for me to come up stairs. Reluctantly, I did so. We entered Ezekiel's room which smelled like sweat, and cheese. Hey lay on the bed, tethered down. His eyes slumped off into a loose stair at the floor. How he could lay in that disgusting bed without cringing was beyond me. 

"What?" I asked, arms folded not wanting to be in the gross room. 

"Will this work?" Uncle asked, unsure. 

"In theory. We just got to lock him in here and ignore his screams...he will scream, loud!!" I sighed. 

"This method just seems so crude." Uncle said, reading back over the note. 

"It is. All medicinal practices are crude these days. If mom was here, she would have thought of this idea a long time ago. Someone though, will have to check on him to make sure he won't die and I for one don't volunteer." I pouted, arms folded.  

"Oh but you will." Dad intervened. 

"No." I said shaking my head. 

"He's your brother!" Dad said, growing riled. 

"Ezekiel has messed up so many good things. Every single issue we've had has been caused by your middle son...except one issue, mom. You fucked that up." I said, walking out of the room. I headed down stairs to the kitchen. Jose and Marcelo returned with syringes, gloves, peroxide, sterile clothes, and medical tape. 

I guess it was now or never. Swallowing my pride, I set up the catheters, the IV fluid lines and made a solution to inject into Ezekiel's bloodstream. My father watched, saying not a word yet was mesmerized at how I knew all to do this. Not long after, I was finished. Now it was just a waiting game to see would my father cave under the pressure of Ezekiel's torment or would I? Even then, I still decided it'd be best if I watch over him while he undergoes the purging. I already knew things were going to be said that were meant to dig. 

I sighed and began my wait, the sun setting blissfully as it always did. Ezekiel had been exceptionally silent ever since Tanzanir scared him with those floating daggers. Maybe it finally dawned on him that he really came close to dying. Maybe something happened that night and he wasn't saying. Afterall, I did not see him leave out the shack when everyone else did. 

I took out my laptop, connecting the SSD to it. To my surprise, it had the surveillance footage from the night. It now made sense why Tanzanir gave it to me. I watched it, paying close attention to the conversation. 

Hearing his and Tanzanir's voice, Ezekiel finally spoke. 

"What's that?" He asked. 

"The surveillance footage from last night." I said. Ezekiel looked beyond terrified. 

"All of it?" He asked, "How'd you even get that! The giant android blew up the shack!" 

"Tanzanir handed it to me before..." 

"Get out!" He demanded. 

"Excuse me?" I asked, unsure why he suddenly wanted me to leave. 

"Get OUT!" He began to shout. 

"I got to stay in here to help you!" I said back. 

"NO GET OUT!! NOW!!" He screamed, "NOWWW!!" 

I ignored him, plugging my headphones in, continuing to watch the video. Ezekiel began to struggle against his restraints, there obviously being a reason he wanted me gone. 

"You're gonna hurt yourself...relax." I sighed, not able to hear him through my headphones. What was on this video that Ezekiel didn't want me to see? 

Minutes of fast forwarding later, I came across it. Ezekiel kissed Tanzanir. My jaw dropped, too shocked to find out that Ezekiel was gay. I paused the video, slowly taking off my headphones. I could hear the boy growling and panting in frustration. 

"Ezekiel?" I asked. 

"Get out..." He insisted. 

"No, we need to have a talk." I said. 

"I don't want to talk about it." He sighed. I got up and locked the door. 

"Ok, I knew Tanzanir was gay, but you? So help me God, if you only pretended to be gay so you can get closer to Tanzanir, I will torture you where you lay." I threatened through the grit of my teeth. 

"I am gay..." He said. I looked at him, fully skeptical, "And of course you wouldn't believe me. Just go on, go on a rat me out to father." 

"No... That's your business. You tell him when you ready or don't for all I care...but my best friend left because of you, because of something you did and I'm pretty sure it was fueled by the emotions he felt during that kiss." I said. 

"At first, it was just a way to manipulate him, but not for what you think. I wanted him to be there for me because no one else would and getting in his pants was the only way I knew how...but when he said no, I was crushed, hurt! Everything he said before then was just shit to me. I didn't want nothing of it. Hell, I didn't want to be around him. I just wanted to hurt him back..didn't know it'd blow up like this." He confessed. 

"He trusted you..." I said, scoldingly. 

"I know, I know..." 

"And after doing him the way you did, he still had humanity left to try and fix you. You gotta stop fucking with humans like that. That shit ain't right! That boy was so complex, so guarded and you obviously got to him! That boy still wanted better for you, after you hurt him that deep..." I said, somewhat astounded. 

"I just... his words were too good to be true! Nothing ever comes that easy, and I was starting to fall for it. I just wanted to see how willing was he and when he wasn't, it was then it all felt like big talk and very little action. I just felt reduced to it...I always feel reduced to doing something...like stealing moms jewels." Ezekiel continued. 

"Oh...shit, man mom would never care about those Jewels and I doubt she'll be back any time soon. Those jewels are as good as stolen, as is. I just... Tanzanir never had to deal with the world. We have and we just pushed him out there in it. You know when people see him, they're gonna look twice. Not many times you see black people this far west. It's just not common." I said full of worry. Ezekiel fell silent, obviously having a lot on his mind. 

"What are the withdrawl symptoms? It's been two weeks since I had my last hit..." Ezekiel asked. 

"Increased appetite, depression, anxiety, fatigue, aggression, bad dreams, activity slow down." I sighed. 

"Eh, so far, only the anxiety, fatigue and aggression has hit me...but depression?" He asked. 

"Yeah, tends to happened after the first month with no cocaine and can last up to a year." I explained. 

"Ugh, this ain't gonna be no easy ride." He sighed. 

"You just got to want better for yourself." I said. 

"I guess so..." He sighed. Silence fell upon the room. It lasted the entire night, come morning. Ezekiel looked restless, as though he was haunted by something. What was happening was his metabolism was adjusting to the carbon surging through his blood. I could only imagine how uncomfortable he was. He seemed so out of his head. 

Then came the third day. I changed out his IV, cleaned his bed pan and resumed reading old novels. I could see Ezekiel trembling, from withdrawal. His breathing was heavy and swift, sweat dripping down his face. 

"Beth..." He said, sounding very distressed. 

"Yeah?" I responded. 

"Please let me go." He pled. 

"No." I sighed. 

"Why do you hate me?" He asked. 

"I don't hate you!" I said back. 

"Then please untie me, it hurts." He cried, shaking his head back and forth, "It hurts." 

"Ezekiel, it'll be over in twelve hours, just relax." I reassured. 

"I can't, I can't I can't..." He cried, "Just let me go, I can't take this...it hurts." 

"No, Ezekiel..." I said sternly. 

"WHY DO YOU HATE ME!!" He shouted to the top of his lungs. I just ignored him at this point. 

"YOU JUST WANT TO TORTURE ME!! JUST LET ME GO!! YOU DON'T LOVE ME...YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND A THING ABOUT ME! YOU JUST HATE ME!!" 

"I don't hate, you!" I said back. 

"THEN LET ME GO!" He screamed, "I'M DISGUSTING TO YOU! I'M SCUM TO YOU! I BRING YOU NOTHING BUT PROBLEMS! YOU THINK SO, DAD THINKS SO, UNCLE THINKS SO AND MOM THINKS SO! IT'S WHY SHE LEFT ME!!" 

"No, Ezekiel, it's not..." 

"YES IT IS!" He cried, tears steadily gushing from his face, "ALL OF YOU JUST LET ME GO!! LET ME GO!! LET ME GO!! I PROMISE YOU WON'T HEAR FROM ME AGAIN JUST LET ME GO!! I'LL BE OUT ALL OF YOUR LIVES JUST LET ME GO!! THIS hurts, it hurts..." 

"EZEKIEL!!" I screamed, not able to take anymore more of this. I felt a hand on my shoulder. It was uncle Miguel, hearing the ruckus from downstairs. He shook his head, guiding me down the stairs. 

"NOOOO!! NOOO, DON'T LEAVE ME!! ARGHHHH!!" Ezekiel screamed. 

Uncle sat me down at the kitchen table, obviously just as distressed as I was, especially with Ezekiel up above us steadily screaming at the top of his lungs. 

"Should we untie him?" Uncle asked. 

"No, he'll be a danger to us all and himself." I responded, whipping my tears, trying to console myself. 

"You alright?" Heaven asked, popping his head out from the kitchen. 

"Yeah, his words got to me a bit." I sighed. 

"What did he say?" Heaven asked. 

"Um, he said that I hated him, that I wanted to torture him, that everyone hated and no one cared about him..." I said, it stabbing my chest just to say. 

"Oi," Uncle sighed. 

"There's no telling how long he's gonna be depressed, so I'm gonna have to think of something. I might teach him how to read because I don't want him to slump down to a worser spiral. In the mean time, I gotta go. I'll be back in a few days, just...UGH, this shook me up bad." I sighed. 

"Beth, you can't leave! You know your father will be furious!" Uncle said, fearing my father's wrath. 

"I don't care, just tell him I ran off, north of the dam. Trust me, I'll be back!" I said, grabbing a bag I prepacked days ago. I grabbed the keys to one of the trucks and rode out through the desert. 

I crossed the Hoover Dam into Nevada. I rode for ten minutes, reaching a refueling station not too far from Vegas. I looked in my bag, unzipping it. There were two nine millimeter sub-machine pistols in there, both my father's gift to me. I couldn't believe what I was about to do. 

I then heard a tap on my window. It was Tanzanir, smiling broadly. I hopped out the truck, glad to see him. I gave him the tightest hug I could. 

"Oh, how are you?" I asked, trying to hold back joyous tears. 

"I'm fine, I just... need your help." He chuckled. 

"Anything." I smiled. 

"I spent the last two days surveying the City of Rust. I drew some unwelcome attention so I had to abort for the time being... I stick out like a sore thumb, ya know?" He said. 

"So, whats your plan?" I asked. 

"The orbs are gonna float high above, using their canons as suppression fire if need be. Big Daddy will be used for a tactic of intimidation only. I do not want him engaged with any hostiles, only the Orbs to do so. All and all, they are going to be used as a last resort to get what I need. Where you come in at is the fact that you look unimposing and can appeal to the... better side of the Merchants. I will accompany you, you just do all the talking OK? If anything goes south, I got you!" He smiled. 

"Yeah, finally I get to say goodbye to you with a bang!" I grinned. 

"Yeah," He chuckled before getting serious, "Everything's alright over there?" 

"I guess... Ezekiel is growing through the abrupt detox and he's really suffering. I couldn't take it so I had to get my ass up and leave him, ya know? It was really hard hearing him scream I was torturing him and that I didn't love him." I said. 

"Oh, poor baby. When you get back, tell him I'm not mad, that shit happens for a goddamn reason. And you keep him away from them damn drugs; do whatever you can. Get him addicted to reading instead, OK!" Tanzanir smiled. I couldn't help but tear up. 

"What?" He asked. 

"You know this is the most I've seen you smile since we were kids!" I said, "I'm sorry but, let me relish in this for a moment. OK." 

He shielded his face, silently laughing. He did not understand how adorable he was now would he be able to ever comprehend it. He stood about five foot eight inches high, with the longest, curliest hair you'd ever see. His hair hang from a tightly wrapped turban, making his hair drape gently around his plump little cheeks. His eyes were a honey brown and his skin was ever so slighter darker. He was of Illisian decent. He told me his dad was born in Ethiopia but moved to the Americas when he was recruited by the UCAC on the Eritrean coast. 

That Illisian skin just seemed to glow. He had a soft, innocent brow with the tiniest bulbous little button nose that quite frankly, I didn't understand how he could breathe out of. It was just so cute. He had full and pouty lips that made him look like a mischievous preeteen rather than a twenty year old. 

However his downright adorable appearance could mislead anyone. He was a hard worker with knowledge beyond his years. He was not someone to take lightly or come across wrong as the Merchants were soon about to find out. 

Now the Merchants were the polar opposites of us, the Logatti family. They were our biggest competitors in the beginning but Tanzanir allowed my family to make the jump over them and really capitalize on the market. Now, the Merchants struggled to make ends meet like every other family group. However, they were building a strong Mercenary empire that spanned the entire scope of the Sonoran Desert. Just like we monopolized Tanzanir and the home appliance industry, the Merchants monopolized the Mercenary industry 

Did I have a problem with the Merchants? No, they did what they had to do, just like we did. Now, every now and again the Merchants would send a corporate spy to find out our secrets but apart from that, I pitied them. Today, I would learn more about them than I ever had. 

"So," I began as Tanzanir and I walked through the desert, "This will be your first gunfight, huh?" 
