 The story you about to read is 100% true. Only the names have changed.

I stood in the shower, letting the tepid water flow across my face and down my chest. This heat and humidity had become so bad that taking a hot shower just meant that you would be sweating before you dried afterward.

I ran my hands down my chest and belly, spreading the shower gel over myself before going to work on lathering up. The touch of my own hand, running over my 50 yo sixpack, made my groin lurch a bit as the memory of pounding my wife's sweet pink slit silly, a few hours earlier, passed through my mind. I smiled. "Yep, pal, you still have it. Can't keep the vixen off of you." I work hard to stay in shape and it pays off, with a wife that acts like a nympho.

I soaped my torso and worked down to my body. My fingers found my pubic hair still a bit stiff, from the dried cum, lingering there. What can I say? I woke up with a hot mouth on my cock and drifted back out, buried balls deep in sweet cunt.. Life is good. She wanted a send off and she got it. She ws going to be gone for a week and needed something to tide her over.

I rinsed my front off and pumped another glob of gel into my hand. I grinned and groaned as I lathered my shaved balls and semi hard cock. As I reached behind me to soap my cheecks and crack, my mind switched gears, delving into the cleft and pressing the gel into my asshole...my mind shifted to cock. Cock, firm in my stroking hand. Cock, salty sweet on the tip of my tongue. Cock, throbbing and pulsing, as it delivers that sweet load in my mouth. Cock, pushing it's way past my twitching rectum and deep into my bowels. Spewing in my mouth. Spurting on my face. Pumping cum up my willing ass. COCK.

Shit. There I was washing myself and just like that, getting hard, thinking about cock, before I had washed the scent of pussy out of my moustache. Dirty Bastard, I am. Horney fucker, I am.

At this point I had dicks dancing in my head and my dick was dancing as well. Like a compass, it led me to the computer and I knew what to do. Craigs list makes it so easy to put the bait in the water. A quick description:GL Masc.48yo BiWM, looking for M2M fun today, with stats: 5'10", 175#, 7+ cut, add a nice pic of my hard cock and the fact that could host the fun and bang. The first email came before I had returned from the kitchen with a coffee.

I was expecting the usual one liner, like "let's fuck" or " I want your load" but, I got something more more exciting.

What I got was a 20 line paragraph, that read like I had written out a description of my ideal playmate. He described almost a mirror image of me. With one exception, he attached 3 pics. The first pic was a full body shot of him on a beach in swim trunks, just to prove he wasnt out of shape. The second pic was a close up of him licking the cum off the head of an impressive cock. The third pic was kicker. He was reclined in an easy chair with an 8" spike of a cock sticking straight up from his crotch, thick as a hot house cucumber, with a magnificent foreskin completely covering the head. Even through his foreskin I could see the defined corona of the tip and there was a tiny shimmer of precum visible. 

Was it too good to be true? Probably, but I wasn't going to ponder the possibility for long. I wanted to reply quickly so no one else beat me to it. He probably had his own ad up and he was surely going to get a taker if I didn't act fast.

I sent him a return email, gushing about how nice he looked and how impressive his cock was. I told him the things I enjoyed as they were the same things he mentioned in his initial email. Sent my address along and waited.

He must have been monitoring his computer because out of the blue my IM screen came to life with a message from him. We use the same email service. The one with the big red Y.

He wanted to make sure I was married and not a gay prowler. i turned on my web cam and showed his all the pics of me and the wife in my office and showed him my ring, saving his address in my IM friends folder at the same time.

I'll be there within the hour was all he sent back and then signed off.

My heart was racing, my cock was throbbing and my asshole twitched for the next 30 mins. I was still in the towel I wore out of the shower and decided to stay in it for easy access if he was a "get to it" type of guy. Many are because sometimes small talk can be a nervous affair.

My cock jumped when the door bell rang. I looked through the peep hole and there he was. Now the towel I was wearing looked like a tent but, I figured that would be a good icebreaker so I opened the door.

"Hi I'm Al" I said as I extended my hand.

He gave a firm shake and told me he was Jim.

He looked down at my towel tent and grinned. "Expecting company?" he chuckled as I stepped back to let him in.

Before I could give a witty quip back, he closed the door and went straight to his knees on the foyer rug, and pulled me to him with a hand on my ass. he was a gamer. With his other hand, he tugged the towel away and moaned as my hard dick brushed across his face.Instaed of going right to my dick, he nuzzled his face into my crotch and started licking my hanging balls. When I spread my legs for balance, he took it as an invite to run the fingers of his hand on my ass down through my ass crack and over my winking hole. I groaned in approval and he sucked my balls into his hot mouth. he tickled my asshole and slobbered all over my sack for a good 5 minuets before I broke the silence.

" We better move to somewhere else before I fall down Jim."

He looked disappointed at having to relese my sack but, backed off and stood up. Without a word he walked into the living room and came out of his clothes. When he turned to face me I almost squeeled like a chick. He cock was at half mast. At it's full length but, not totally hard. I knew it was going to get thicker because of the picture and I wanted to feel it get that way.

He was standing in front of the couch with his hand on his hip and his hips thrust out a bit and this only accentuated the size of his meat. he chuckled and motioned at my crotch. I looked down and there was a 6" pendulum of precum hanging off my head. I hadn't even noticed it. I was so engrossed in staring at him I hadn't even touched my self.

"Wait, don't move." he said and stepped toward me. I thought something was wrong until he got a foot away. he reached down to his own cock and pulled back his foresking to reveal a plum colored, glistening, well defined cock head that made me drool. Gripping his shaft he move a little closer and as I watched, he brought his exposed dickhead up under the string of precum. he gathered it up on his prick then brought the slimy prize up to rub it into and around my cock head. Again my knees almost buckled. After he mixed our precum together, he moved back a little and asked, "You wanna taste?"

I didn't answer. I just fell to my knees. As I reached for him he let go of the shaft and his turtle neck rolled back over the head, trapping most of our precum in the space between. A fair amount however had bee forced to the tip and sat in a dollop, in the opening of his foreskin. I gripped his shaft and aimed it at my mouth. Instead of pulling it back, I left his sheath over the head and drilled my eager tongue into the drop of man lube, drawing it out and around his cock. I kept my head tilted so he could see my tongue working the juice around. I looked up and was glad he was watching.

Working in small circles I cleaned the interesting tasting combo of our two sauces, savoring the slippery texture and salty sweet taste. Then I began working deeper, trying to wedge my tongue between his foreskin and pulsing cock head. I could feel him getting harder and thicker with every trip around his dick my tongue made. I could also hear his breath getting ragged. After about 5 minuets of me toying with his foreskin and lightly squeezing his shaft he said, " Let's do eachother. You're driving me crazy and I want you in my mouth." 

Grinning as I stood and looked at the couch. Nope not enough room there for the fun I had in mind. Still holding his hot shaft, I led him to the bedroom. I had already taken the bedspread off, leaving just the bottom sheet and pillows. As I crawled onto the bed on hands and knees, he grabbed my hips from behind and I froze. I was half afraid that he was going to try to fuck me without any warm up but before I could say anything, he ran his tongue from behind my balls, slathered my taint with spit and licked up and passed my asshole. When he reached my tailbone he decended back down only this time he lingered at my hole swirling his tongue around it and sucking it into his mouth as best he could. My arms gave out and my head and shoulders plopped down on the mattress, as he started drilling his tongue into me. I love a good rim job. My wife gives a good one but she could learn a thing or two from Jim. I don't know how long he was at it but, I knew after a few seconds that his tongue would not be the only thing inspecting my rectum that day.

He disengagaed him mouth from my ass and I fell into a fully prone position, my head spinning. I felt Jim tug at my hip, motioning for me to roll over. When I was on my back he swung his leg over my head, presenting me with his awesome package and swalloewd all 7+ inched of my raging hard cock in one motion. I quickly followed suit and began nursing on his meat from below. Gripping his shaft I rubbed him all over my face, rolling his huge balls around in my other hand. I jacked the shaft, licked the bottom of it, and generally had myself a grand time with my new meat toy. Meanwhile, Jim was steadily sucking me tip to root in long slow strokes. He would pull back, swirl his hot tongue around my head a few times then slowly glide back down my shaft, burying his nose in my balls. he would hold there for a rew seconds swallowing around my meat then start back up. Evertime a drop of precum worked it's way out of my pee hole, he moaned. This action was keeping me well stimulated, hot as hell and squirming for more but, it was no so intense that I felt I was going to come anytime soon. Playing with the slab of meat slapping me in the face was keeping me occupied and away of the cum zone too. 

As I craned my neck to envelope his balls in my horney mouth, I looked up to see his asshole. It was pink and perfect and winking at my with every stroke of my hand on his rod. I wanted to lick it but, i could not reach it from this position. Without even thinking, the words just fell out of my mouth.

"Jim sit up a bit and put your ass on my mouth."

He knew just the position I was asking for too. He pivoted up and placed one foot on the bed with his knee even with my shoulder on the other side. I reached up and pulled his hips down to access his twitching man cunt. When he placed his ass over my mouth, all need for tentative probing went out the window. I gripped him tight and drilled my tongue as far up his ass as I could in one stab. Jim grunted and pushed himself down even harder onto my wanting mouth. I let go of his hip and reached between his legs to jack his cock as I rimmed his willing ass. My tongue up his ass, wiggling and stabbing made his cock even stiffer in my hand, I was really enjoying this. He was so hard now that I could not get my fingers all the way around him.

"Christ, Al. That feels so fucking good. I have never been this horney with another man in my life. If you don't take care, you are gonna make me cum."

The thought of making him cum sounded nice but, I wanted this to last so I eased up on stroking him and concentrated on eating his ass for a while longer.

" I wish I could get your cock in my mouth while you tongue me like this." he panted as he rocked back and forth om my mouth.

"Mmf, mmf." was all I could reply, as his balls bounced around on my chin.

Jims leg started to tremble and I knew he was getting tired from holding this position so I tapped him to move off and guided him onto his side. Laying on our sides we were back in the 69 and began a steady but not too fast stroking and sucking act on eachother. 

Over the years I had trained myself to deepthroat like a pro. I worked my wifes big 9" dildon in and down my throat for months to kill my gag reflex. I wanted to swallow Jim's wonder cock but, I was afraid of it's thickness. I didn't want to hurt him. " Let's me know if my teeth hurt you. I want to see how much I can get in my mouth." "O.K." he answered. Up to this point I had only been sucking and slurping on the head and the first inch or so of shaft and ovcourse having a ball with his foreskin. But, now I was ready to really get after this shaft of meat in earnest.

Letting go of jim's pole, I reached around and held his ass for leverage. Taking a deep breath, I widened my jaw as far as i could and began my decent. On my first push I got the head in my throat with no gag. I backed of and gave the end a slurp and a lick before moving forward again. This time I sucked hard, opened my throat and pulled Jim's hips hard into my face. In a quick plunge, my chin came to rest on his pubic bone and my nose touched his balls. I almost came on his face when I realized I had sucessfully swallowed the whole damned thing. I held him there deep in my throat for a second then backed off for another run at it. I only took enough of him out of my hungry mouth for me to get a breath and back down I went. Again he was balls deep in my face. I was loving it. I had cleared the big hurdle and it was time to get serious. I encouraged Jim to pump his hips and throat fuck me. He took me back down his throat and encouraged me to reciprocate.

We lay there engaged in the hottest session of mutual deepthroat cocksucking I had ever been in. We would occasionally take out the cock we were suck to lavish attention on the heads. I would alternate sliding him down my throat with his foreskin pulled back and with it rolled down over him. I was amazed at how much precum I was getting from him.

Soon I felt myself approaching orgasm and took a breath to tell him, incase he didn't want me to cum yet. "Mmm, mmm." he relpied and encouraged me to fuck his mouth faster. He in turn began pumping my face and throat at a quicker pace as well, letting me know that he wanted to cum too. 

My neck was getting cramped so I pulled Jim back on top of me. He let his body come to rest on mine and returned to fucking my mouth as he bobbed up and down on my cock, swallowing me on every down stroke. I was really close to shootingoff and could tell he was too by his breathing and the way he got more forceful with his thrusts. I just lay there letting him pump away holding his ass cheeks. Then I felt it, the tingle in my taint that signaled the point of no return i was gonna come even if you threw cold water on me at this point. I signald him by placing my hand on the back of his head. he let out and affirmative maon and back me out of his throat to really give me the tounging my cock wanted for an wicked cum. I grunted as the first spasm shot through me.

As the first ribbon of hot semen registered in his mouth, I saw his balls draw up into him and felt him spasm as well. backing out of my throat Jim started short stroking in my mouth. After the second lurch of his spasming shaft, a huge gush of cum hit my palet. Then a second and a third. I savored the slimy fuck sause shooting into my mouth as I delivered a giaint of load of my own into Jim's grunting mouth. We swallowed eachothers loads greedily and gratefully as we came for eachother. wave after wave of orgasmic bliss washed over me for what seemed like forever. I just kept cumming and so did Jim. We each delivered 9 or 10 bolts of cum in eachothers mouths before we began to come down from the high we were experiencing. My ears rang as Jim softened in my mouth while I rolled him around on my tongue, holding some of his cum in there with his cock, not wanting to swallow it all or break my oral contact with him just yet.

Jim had pulled me out of his mouth and was licking some of the cum that escaped around his lips off me like i was a dick flavored ice cream cone. I too began to soften. When he was satisfied with my cleanlyness he rolled of me, on to his back breathing heavily and chanting "Holy shit, man. Holy shit."

I chuckled out; "I guess it was a good one for ya, huh?" We both burst into laughter as we idly toyed with the spent cock we had just sucked.

That's when I realized that I never got to feel him inside me. I had not been fucked! I rolled over and to my amazement we had been at it for 2 hours.

Jim broked the short silence. "How long is you wife going to be gone?"

"All week. Why."

"I'm going stag myself for the next four days and nights. Want to hang out for a while?"

"Sounds great to me. I think I'm going to want some more of this, sooner than later." I said squeezing his beautiful dick.

"Me too, man. But damned if I couldn't eat a horse right now."

I grabbed my phone and ordered 2 large eveything pizzas. We showered together. Now we were more like team mates showering together that lovers. I liked that. This was going to be an interesting few days.

more to cum