 Author's note: This is a story that I submitted to another site. It was bad early work when I posted it there, but I hope I made enough improvements to make your hands wander to your nether regions while reading it. :)

*

My folks moved to a better neighborhood when I was 18 and in my senior year of high school. The new house fulfilled my dad's fantasy about the kind of house he always wanted...and fulfilled a few fantasies that I didn't even know I had.

The next door neighbors, Jim and Irma, welcomed us to the neighborhood the day we moved in. They were in their late 40's or early 50's, about the age of my folks, and had a pool in their back yard. They invited us over for a barbeque and swimming the next day.

At the barbeque, everyone hit it off well and our hosts were open and friendly. My folks liked them a lot, and I even enjoyed hanging out with them. We found out that they lived alone, but had a daughter in college that was 20, two years older than me. 

Jim mentioned that they never locked the gate to their back yard and we could use the pool any time we liked. Over the next couple of months, I took them at their word. Having just moved, I didn't have very many friends to hang out with from the new school and I'd usually hit the pool after school and on weekends. It got hot early that year in South Texas, and the pool was both a good workout and a relief from the 90 degree temperatures.

About a week before graduation, my uncle was in a bad car accident and my folks drove to Kentucky to be there with him in the hospital. The night they left, a Friday, I went over to Jim and Irma's to swim late in the evening. I had had finals all week and needed to unwind from all the stress of school and my uncle's accident.

They usually left the back yard lights on for me but this time they were off. I could hear someone splashing around in the pool but I couldn't see who it was. I called out: "Hello?"

Jim replied, "Come on in!"

There was a full moon that night, and my eyes had pretty much adjusted to the dark by the time I got to the edge of the pool. Jim waved at me from the deep end of the pool. Irma was sitting on the edge of the pool by the diving board. It wasn't until I had sat down and put my legs in the water that I noticed that Irma was completely nude.

Now, I was a pretty quiet, shy guy and since high school chicks went for the loud boisterous guys, they'd pretty much ignored me both at my old school and the new one. I'd never had sex, only coming close once several years before with a neighbor girl when an "I dare you to..." game went a lot further than we expected. 

Irma wasn't a MILF, but she was still attractive and had really nice tits, even if they did sag a bit. She had a few extra pounds, also, but in the moonlight it made her look more lush than chubby. My dick instantly sprang to attention in my swim trunks.  

About the time that my dick was fully hard, Jim said "Tonight is a no-swimsuit night, so you'll have to lose the trunks."

I really didn't want to take off my trunks. I had a serious hard-on, and was embarrassed about it. I couldn't stand up, either...the way I was sitting hid my hard on and if I stood up it'd be obvious as hell.

Jim swam over to the shallow end and climbed out of the pool. He was nude also, and I got a good look at his half-hard dick. For some reason, that excited me as much as Irma's tits did. He repeated that I had to take off my trunks.

I thought: "What the hell, why not?" However, I did jump in the water first before taking them off.

I swam over to the deep end, closer to Irma. She was sitting with her legs slightly spread. I tried be subtle about getting a better view of Irma, but it was too dark. However, she saw me looking and said "Swim over here and you can get a better look at Mama." I looked over at Jim, not sure what to expect from him. I was surprised to see him sitting on the edge of the pool at the shallow end, stroking his hard cock.

I slowly swam over to between Irma's legs. She scooted herself so that she was sitting on the very edge, and my head ended up between her thighs. She was cupping and playing with her tits and said "Jim never licks my pussy any more....will you do it for me?"

I couldn't help but to grab her legs and pull myself up. I took another quick glimpse of Jim, who was still sitting there stroking his cock. It was hard to be sure, but I thought I saw a huge grin on his face.

My own dick was raging hard as I clumsily started to lick her pussy. It was the first pussy I'd ever licked, and it tasted strange but erotic. Her smell and taste was heady, and my dick was pressed against the side of the pool. The position was awkward, but manageable.

"Mmmmmmmmm, that's right, lick mama's wet pussy," Irma groaned. She grabbed my head and ground her pussy against my face, then relaxed and let me work on her. My tongue danced across her pussy.

It'd only been a minute or two before I felt Jim come up behind me. It startled me, and I tried to pull away from Irma's pussy, but Jim was right behind me and I had nowhere to go. After a few frightening seconds waiting for Jim to kill me for licking his wife's pussy, I felt him press up against me from behind. His hard cock nestled in the crack of my ass.

I'd never in my wildest dreams ever thought about another man's dick. I thought I was as straight as they come. However, Jim's cock pressed against my ass was erotic as hell. I could hear him breathing in my ear and feel one of his hands slide up my hip and across my stomach. My dick throbbed.

We stayed that way for a few minutes...me inexpertly licking Irma, Jim behind me sliding his cock up and down the crack of my ass. I was incredibly turned on, and my cock bouncing off the side of the pool almost made me cum.

Irma moaned loudly and ground her pussy against my face again. I could actually feel her pussy convulse from her orgasm, and her juices flowed from her to coat my nose, lips, and chin. She was pressed against me so tightly that I couldn't use my tongue, so I moved my face up and down her pussy as she shuddered.

Irma sighed happily, then suggested we move inside and let go of my head. She slid back from the edge of the pool and stood up, but I couldn't move because Jim was behind me. He was holding on to the edge of the pool with one hand, his other hand was rubbing across my chest and playing with my nipples, while his cock slowly slid up and down my ass crack. That was an even bigger turn-on than Irma's pussy was.

Jim eventually let me loose, and I swam over to the shallow end and climbed out of the pool. They dried me off, Irma taking the front and paying special attention to my dick and balls, Jim taking the back and paying special attention to my ass. They each took one of my hands and led me into the house and into the living room.

Irma told me to lie on the floor on my back. My cock stood up like a flagpole when I did, and Irma wasted no time straddling me and sliding her wet pussy down over it. Jim watched her fuck herself on my cock as if she'd hadn't just cum, stroking his own cock.

I reached up and grabbed both of Irma's bouncing tits with my hands. As her pussy rode up and down my rock-hard cock, my hands fondled those beautiful big tits. Just as I was feeling my own orgasm build, Jim moved over and placed the tip of his cock against my lips. 

It was the most natural thing in the world to me....I opened my mouth and felt his cock slide in. My lips wrapped around the shaft as he gently pushed his cock deeper and deeper into my mouth. I was lost in the sensation of Irma's hot wet pussy on my cock, and Jim's hard cock slowly fucking my mouth. I lost it and came deep inside Irma.

Irma must have felt me cum, and started working her pussy hard on my dick. My dick never softened, and in a minute or two I could feel her pussy spasm as she hit orgasm. It was powerful....she was gasping and it felt like a hand was squeezing my cock. After it subsided, she pulled herself off me, and Jim pulled his dick out of my mouth. Irma sat on the floor next to me, my cum dribbling out of her pussy. She smiled at Jim and said "Ok, I hooked him...you reel him in."

Jim stood up and helped me to my feet. He led me over to the couch, sat down, and pushed me to my knees in front of him. "Daddy's turn," he grinned. His cock was so hard it looked it like was straining to get back in my mouth. He pulled my head down onto his lap, and I took him in my mouth like it was the most natural thing in the world.

To be honest, having Jim's dick in my mouth was strangely even more exciting than fucking Irma. I started sucking and he pulled my head up and down, his shaft sliding in and out of my mouth. Then, he grabbed a handful of my hair and forced his cock deep into my mouth. I gagged slightly, but he pulled my head off of him and his hand guided my mouth up and down his cock.

Irma came up on her knees behind me, pressed her tits into my back, and started whispering instructions to me...."suck his cockhead.....take it deep....use your tongue on the bottom of Daddy's cock". Her hand slid around me, moving down to my cock and stroking it. I almost came right then and there.

I sucked Jim's cock passionately as his hand guided my head to where and how he wanted me. As I became more excited and started sucking him with a passion, his hand released my hair. His breath was becoming ragged, and I felt Irma's presence move away as I worked up a furious rhythm on Jim's cock . I kept sucking, loving every second of it.

Jim suddenly grabbed my head with both hands and began pumping his cock into my mouth, stream after stream of cum shooting into my mouth as he grunted with every pulse. My mouth filled with cum, and it startled me. I tried to pull back but Jim's grip on my head kept my mouth firmly on his cock. Surprised, I kneeled with his cock in my mouth as his cum spilled out of my mouth around it. Eventually, he let go of my head and I pulled back, cum coating my lips and running down my chin and chest. Irma leaned over and kissed me, and I shared her husband's cum with her.

Jim's cock slowly deflated, and he stood up. He helped me and Irma to our feet, grabbed my asscheek and quickly commanded: "Bedroom. Go.".

Irma grabbed my hand and led me to the master bedroom. I followed her, my cock bouncing with every step. She lay down sideways on the bed, with her head on one edge. "Mama needs more tongue, baby," she told me, spreading her legs. It was awkward to get to her pussy....my legs were hanging off the edge of the bed, my ass sticking out, but I managed to crawl between her thighs and get my tongue onto her cum-covered pussy. The taste of my cum, the taste of Jim's cum from earlier, and her pussy juice was an incredible aphrodisiac...my cock was so hard it felt like it was going to explode.

Jim walked around to the other side of the bed. Irma opened her mouth, and he fed his still-soft cock into it. As my tongue lathered and worked her pussy, she sucked Jim's cock back to full hardness. It didn't take long before I felt Irma's pussy start to spasm and convulse as her hands grabbed my head and she ground her pussy onto my mouth again. I could hear her moaning around Jim's cock, and to be honest, I almost came again right there from the sheer eroticism of it.

Irma's frantic grinding slowed, but she didn't let go of my head. I heard her say to Jim, "Go ahead, you know you want to."

My neck was starting to ache from the angle it was in, and my tongue was getting tired, but I was so turned on that I didn't care. My cock was pressed into the bed and rock hard and I knew that it'd take s single touch before it started spewing cum. Irma held on to my head and told me "mmmm...keep licking, baby...."

I wanted to pull away and tell her that I needed to cum. I wanted to slam my dick deep into her pussy and flood her insides with my cum again. However, before I could I felt Jim come up behind me.

Jim slathered something cold and slick all over my asscrack. A moment later, I felt his cock nestle between my ass cheeks and start to slide up and down. I stopped licking Irma for a second, wondering if Jim as about to slide his dick into my ass, and half-hoping, half-dreading he would. I knew about anal sex, but never in my life thought I would be on the RECEIVING end of it.

Irma kept slowly grinding her pussy onto my mouth as Jim slid his cock up and down my ass. In a minute, I felt his cockhead against my asshole and he slowly started to press himself into me.

I stiffened as his cockhead slowly spread my asshole. It was uncomfortable, and I wasn't sure if I'd be able to take his cock, but Irma told me "Relax, baby...just relax...it'll feel SOOOO good if you relax..."

His cockhead was fully inside my asshole by now. I heard Jim take in a sharp breath and say "Damn that's hot and tight". It was starting to hurt, but I couldn't do anything about it between Jim's hands on my hips and Irma's hands on my head. It was starting to really hurt, and my protests were muffled by Irma's pussy. Jim didn't stop, and I forcefully pulled my mouth away. "OW!" I yelled.

Jim pulled his cock out. "Let's try a different position," he said. Irma slid away from me as Jim lay on his back on the bed. "Straddle my cock,' he told me.

It never occurred to me to say no. His cock hurt in my ass, but I was so turned on that I WANTED his cock in me. My cock had softened a bit from the earlier pain, but was still hard. I was turned on and I wanted anything and everything. I swung my leg over him, and he lined up his cock with my asshole again. "You do it," he said, "It'll be easier."

I slowly lowered myself onto his cock. It wasn't anywhere near as bad the second time, with only a twinge or two of pain. In a few minutes, I had worked my ass completely around his cock. He was buried deep inside me. Irma was right...I was more relaxed, and it felt great.

Irma knelt on the bed next to me and whispered into my ear "Take daddy's cock....fuck daddy good..." then kissed me deeply. Her tits rubbed up and down my arm as I raised and lowered myself onto Jim's cock faster and faster. My cock slapped his belly as he started matching me thrust for thrust.

I was completely turned on. All I wanted to do was bounce my ass on Jim's cock all night long. It felt awesome and I didn't want it to stop.

Jim's face was red, and he told me to roll over. I didn't want to stop, but reluctantly I raised myself off of him. His cock was rock-hard as I rolled over onto my back and he moved between my legs and pulled them over his shoulders. In one hard slam, he buried himself into my ass again and started fucking me hard.

I hung on for the ride...I could tell that Jim was ready to cum again and he was going to cum in my ass. I wanted it. I wanted his cock to pound me and fill me with his cum. He was fucking me so fast and hard that all I could do was lay there and take his cock. I moaned loud and long.

Finally, he reached the breaking point. He buried his cock balls-deep into me, and grunted. His cock filled my ass with his cum as my ass milked it. He kept trying to push himself even deeper with every squirt. His cock quickly softened and popped out of my asshole. He moved from between my legs and lay on the bed next to me, breathing hard. Irma leaned over and kissed me again and asked "Like it?"

I nodded, and her head bent down and took my cock in her mouth. It took about five seconds of her sucking before my cock exploded again, cum flowing out of her mouth, around my cock and pooling in my pubic hair. We laid there for a few minutes, Irma kissing me with her cum-covered mouth, Jim playing with my chest and nipples as he caught his breath. 

Eventually, Jim fell asleep and started snoring, and Irma quietly led me into the bathroom and started the shower, then pulled me into it after her.

"Jim's been drooling over your ass you since the day you moved in," Irma said smiling as I lathered up her big tits. "Actually, both of us have."

"Really?" I said, amazed. I didn't think I was all that sexy.

"Really," she said, reaching down and grabbing my dick with her soap-covered hand. As she slowly stroked me, she continued. "Do you think your folks would like to play, too? Especially your mom...I bet she could use a good pussy-licking."

I stared at her. Dad did have an eye for the ladies. I could see him being interested in Irma with her big tits, but doubt he'd ever cheat on Mom. However, there was no way on earth that I could ever imagine Mom having sex with someone other than Dad. She seemed too uptight, too prim and proper to ever fuck someone other than her husband, much less another woman.

"No way," I said. My dick was rock hard again from Irma's hand, and it was getting difficult to concentrate. "They'd never do that."

Irma dropped to her knees in the shower and quickly took my dick in her mouth. I gasped as the water sprayed over us.

Even though I'd already cum several times, her mouth made me feel like I was about to cum again. I grabbed her head and started pumping my dick into her hot, wet mouth. Just as I was about to explode again, she abruptly pulled me out of her mouth and looked up at me.

"You should try to find out," she said, her hand sliding up and down my cock. "We'd all have a great time...wouldn't we?"

I nodded agreement, wanting her mouth back on my dick. I was so close.

She gave me a devilish grin. "So, you'll find out?" she asked. 

I nodded again violently. "Yes, anything, just please suck my dick," I moaned.

"I thought you'd say yes," she grinned. 

She engulfed my dick with her mouth, my cockhead pushed against the back of her throat and my balls resting on her chin. That was all it took, and my cock exploded again. I vaguely felt her swallow my load amidst the feeling of my cock throbbing and pumping cum into her.

My legs almost buckled and I had to grab the shower curtain rod to keep from falling over. She grabbed me to keep me from falling over, then stood up.

"Easy there, sexy," she laughed. 

After I recovered, we washed each other, then stepped out to dry off. As she ran a towel over herself, she gave me a hard stare.

"Don't forget to sound your parents out," she said. "We'll all have so much fun. I'd love to get between your mom's legs and lick her pussy while your dad fucks me from behind."

I felt a rush of shame and embarrassment. I'd agreed to find out if my folks would be interested in fucking with Jim and Irma because I desperately needed to cum. Now, however, I wasn't so sure if I could do it.

"I don't know how I'd do that," I admitted.

Irme reached down and grabbed my dick. Squeezing hard, she looked at me and said, "I'm sure you'll find a way, won't you? You liked tonight....fucking me, Jim fucking you, didn't you?"

I nodded again dumbly. My poor dick throbbed in her hand even though I thought I was spent for the evening. I loved what happened. Irma was a hot fuck, and Jim's cock in me felt so very, very good. I didn't know how I would broach the subject, especially with mom.

"Get your dad interested," Irma suggested. "Then I'm sure he'll help you with your mother."

"Ok," I replied. My dick was getting hard again, even though it was a little bit sore from all the activity.

"That's a good boy," she smiled, releasing my dick from her hand and giving me a quick kiss on the lips.

After collecting my clothes and getting dressed, Irma, still nude, led me by my hand to the front door. 

"Come back tomorrow afternoon. I'll be out for a bit, but you can keep Jim company until I get back," she said. "Then we can fuck our brains out again."

I was a bit hesitant for some reason, but the sight of her luscious body made me agree. I wanted to fuck her again and again, and the idea of Jim fucking me again made my dick throb in my pants.
