 Jim Weathers lived in a upscale suburb in California. The homes were not large but they were typical California homes with open floor plans. Most all the homes had swimming pools that along with a pool deck and landscaping took up the entire back yard. Jim had one of the homes that did not have a pool. At 28 years old Jim had divorced his first and only wife when she took off with another guy. Jim had kept everything from the marriage including the home and its furnishings. Jim had opted to stay in the neighborhood even though he was now single.

Jim's neighbors, Jack and Diane Willows, were Jim best friends. Jake and Diane got Jim started playing tennis and he joined the same tennis club. Jake and Diane although in their forties were great neighbors and tennis players. They often invited single women to play mixed doubles in the hopes of fixing Jim up with a date. Jim actually did date some of the women who played tennis with them. The Willows had a swimming pool that was very private and secluded in their back yard and Jim often joined them after tennis for a swim.

Although Jim had no trouble meeting women he was very cautious and apprehensive about getting into another relationship. He was in excellent shape at 6'2" tall and 185 pounds. Jim was a handsome guy and very personal. He worked for a company that used a virtual office concept so when he wasn't with a client he worked out of his home. 

The Willows had planned a three week trip to Europe that summer and they had asked Jim to keep an eye on the house while they were gone. Their 19 year old son Kyle was home from college and he would be staying at the house but the Willows felt better if Jim kept an eye on things and checked in on Kyle from time to time. Jim promised that he would watch the house for them and check in on Kyle. Jack gave Jim a key to the front door. 

Kyle Willows had just finished his freshman year at college and he was home for the summer. Kyle was border line handsome or pretty. He had blonde hair, weighed 160 pounds and was 5'9" tall. Kyle was a swimmer and a surfer and he stayed in excellent shape. Jim had often wondered about Kyle because he never seemed to date any girls. At first Jim chalked it off to immaturity but then he began to suspect that Kyle might be gay. In either case, Kyle was well behaved and a very polite young man.

JIM BECOMES A VOYEUR

Jack and Diane had only been gone two days when Kyle told Jim that he was having some college friends over for a couple of days. Jim thanked Kyle for mentioning it otherwise Jim may have suspected something when he saw the strange car in the driveway. The day that Kyle's friends arrived, Jim was working at home. He looked out his window and saw the car pull into the Willows' driveway and he watched as three good looking boys got out of the car. Kyle came out to meet them and there were hugs all around. Kyle led the three boys back into the house and as he did one of the boys grabbed Kyle's ass. Kyle just looked over his shoulder, smiled and wiggled his ass in response. Then the four of them disappeared into the house.

Jim was certain now that Kyle was gay and that his friends were too. He wondered just might go on over at the Willows home the next several days. Jim got more and more curious. He had never witnessed any sex in person and he had never seen gay sex in porn. He knew the sex would be oral and anal but he wondered who would be with who and what would they do. Jim's curiosity got the best on him and he walked over to the Willows' house. Jim hoped that the boys would be out by the pool so he listened and sure enough he heard voiced in the backyard. Convinced that they were by the pool, Jim let himself in and quietly proceeded to Jack's and Diane's bedroom. Jim sensed that Kyle would not use his parent's bedroom so he could remain there undetected. The bedroom window looked right out into the backyard.

Jim eased his body close to the window and peeked outside. The four boys were all wearing very skimpy Speedo like swim suits. The tight brief suits showed off their prominent packages. The boys were all built similar and they all appeared to have flawless bodies. They were each in a lounge chair drinking and talking to each other. Then the guy with blonde hair got up and moved over to Kyle's lounge. He sat on the side of it and began to touch Kyle as they talked. Jim watched intently as the blonde ran his hands along Kyle's chest, abs and thighs. Then the blonde leaned in and kissed Kyle and Kyle in return put his arm around the blonde's neck and pulled him in closer as they kissed.

The blonde was just as pretty as Kyle and it was some what exciting to see them kiss like a boy and girl. The blonde then broke the kiss and began to trail kisses down Kyle's body. Jim watched as the blonde kissed Kyle's neck, pecs, nipples and abs. Then the blonde took a hold of Kyle's swim suit and pulled it down freeing Kyle's cock which was now rigid. Kyle's cock sprung out as the swim suit cleared his crotch and Jim marveled at the good looking cock. Jim guessed that Kyle's cock was probably about seven inches long and about the same thickness as his own. Jim's cock was a little longer that Kyle's and about five inches around.

Jim gasped out loud in the bedroom when he saw the blonde take Kyle's cock in his mouth. Kyle leaned back and closed his eyes as his friend's head bobbed up and down on his cock. Jim wondered if Kyle would cum in the blonde guy's mouth. Then Jim noticed the two dark haired guys. They had their swim suits off and they had moved into a 69 position on one of the lounges. Jim watched them briefly as they sucked each other's cock and then he looked back at Kyle. The blonde stopped sucking Kyle and then removed Kyle's bathing suit. Jim was not prepared for the blonde's next move.

The blonde pushed Kyle's legs back toward Kyle's chest exposing Kyle's asshole. Then the blonde leaned in and began to rim Kyle's asshole. Jim had never seen anyone lick an asshole before and it seemed bizarre to him that someone would do that. Sure he had eaten pussy and even fucked a girl in the ass but he had never stuck his tongue in anyone's ass. Kyle seemed to love it and he jerked on his cock as his lover licked and probed his anus. Then the blonde guy took the lotion and began to smear it all over Kyle's ass.

Jim watched as the blonde fingered Kyle's ass hole apparently getting it ready for his cock. Jim was getting excited now and he hoped that the blonde would fuck Kyle. Then the blonde stood up and stripped off his swim suit. His cock bobbed in front of him and it seemed to be about the same size as Kyle's cock. The blonde then knelt on the lounge between Kyle's legs and slowly eased his cock into Kyle's asshole. He took his time feeding Kyle a little at a time until Kyle apparently loosened up. Then he began to fuck Kyle with long steady strokes.

Jim realized his own cock was stiff in his pants and he was tempted to take it out and jerk off but he thought better of it. The last thing he should do was to shoot his load on his neighbor's bedroom floor. Jim watched intently as the blonde picked up the pace and gave Kyle's ass a good pounding. Jim had forgotten about the other two who were still in a 69 position sucking each other's cock. Jim watched Kyle who had his head back and his eyes closed as he stroked his own cock. Then it happened.

The blonde pulled out of Kyle's ass and aimed his cock at Kyle's body as streams of cum shot out. Jim watched as at least six streams of cum spurted out and landed on Kyle's body. The first shot hit Kyle in the face and neck and then his chest and abs were cum covered by the remaining shots. Kyle jerked his cock faster and then he too ejaculated onto his on body. Five or six jets spurted from his cock and covered his chest, abs and pubes co-mingling with his partner's cum. Jim's cock was throbbing by now but he still resisted the temptation to take it out of his pants.

Jim then turned his attention to the other two just in time to see them pull out of each other's mouth and spray the sides of their faces with their loads. Both guys spurted several streams and then they took the cocks back in their mouths and sucked them dry. They sucked on each other's cock for several minutes before they broke from their position and sat up. Then they kissed each other. Jim looked back at Kyle and his lover to see that they had embraced and they were kissing again. The blonde had moved between Kyle's legs and had lain down on Kyle's cum covered body.

After a few minutes the four of them got up and giggling like a bunch of school children they jumped in the swimming pool. Jim watched as the four guys swam and frolicked in the pool and he wondered if they were going to have more sex. The guys then began to kiss each other and hug each other in the pool. By the time they emerged from the water they were all hard again. Jim watched as they four naked guys sporting erections moved back to the lounges. 

Kyle got on all fours on the lounge and for the first time Jim paid attention to Kyle's shapely ass. It was beautiful. It was perfect. Jim thought about the girls he had butt fucked and none of them had an ass as enticing as Kyle. The two dark haired guys moved to Kyle, one in front and one behind. The one behind Kyle lubricated Kyle's ass and then shoved his cock into Kyle's bottom. The guy in front fed Kyle his cock and Kyle willingly took it in his mouth. Jim then saw the other blonde dip his head under Kyle and take Kyle's cock in his mouth.

Jim watched as the foursome fucked and sucked each other until it was time to cum. The guy in Kyle's ass pulled out and sprayed his load all over Kyle's back and buttocks. The guy in Kyle's mouth pulled out and sprayed his cum all over Kyle's back. The blonde removed his mouth from Kyle's cock and jerked on it until Kyle ejaculated on the towel under him. Then the blonde stood up and jerked off on Kyle's body. Once again they made a bee line for the swimming pool and they all jumped in. 

Jim decided that it was a good time to leave so he walked out of the bedroom and out the front door. He remembered to lock the door as he left. Jim walked gingerly as his cock was still hard and begging for release after his voyeuristic afternoon. The rest of the day Jim had a difficult time focusing on work. He kept seeing images of the four pretty boys having sex and in particular he could not get Kyle's lovely shapely ass out of his mind. Jim was sure that the boys had plenty left for more sex with their youthful recuperative powers. Jim could only imagine what they would do that night.

Later that night in bed Jim masturbated as his mind recalled the afternoon events. The images were all a blur in his mind but he imagined his cock being sucked and entering assholes. When he did ejaculate it was a huge load that surprised him with the volume and force of his release. Eventually Jim fell asleep and that night he had nightmarish dreams. He dreamt that he was fucking Kyle in the ass and that Kyle was begging him to fuck him harder and deeper. Jim woke up the next morning with a raging erection and he just had to relieve himself. Once more he jerked off with the image of fucking Kyle's ass. 

As Jim showered he thought about what he had witnessed and how he had behaved. He was mad at himself for spying on Kyle and for jerking off at the thought of gay sex. Jim got dressed, made coffee and then sat down at his desk to check his e-mail. Jin tried that day not to think of Kyle and his friends but his curiosity once more got the better of him. After lunch Jim walked back over to the Willow's house and listened by their swimming pool. Jim heard voices in the back as he had hoped so he made his way to Jack's and Diane's bedroom again.

DAY TWO AS A VOYEUR

Jim once again took up his position by the bedroom window looking out at the swimming pool and deck. The four boys were embracing and kissing again but this time they were standing up. The blonde and Kyle kissed and ran their hands over each other's body caressing each other's ass and stroking each other's cock. The two dark hair guys were doing the same thing. Then Kyle took his cock and the blonde's cock in one hand and jerked on them together. Jim found that to be a very erotic gesture.

They hugged, kissed and caressed each other for several minutes and then they all moved to a lounge chair. The two dark hair guys moved into a 69 position with one on the bottom and one on top. They began sucking each other's cock as Kyle and the other blonde guy moved to either end of the lounge. Jim watched as Kyle and his partner lubricated the assholes of the two dark hair guys. Then Kyle and the blonde guy began fucking the two guys sucking cocks. Jim watched the four of them fuck and suck until they came. Once again they all pulled out of assholes and mouths and ejaculated, this time on the bodies of the dark hair guys. Jim watched as enormous loads were sprayed on the lithe bodies. Then the four pretty boys jumped back in the pool where they swam and played grab ass for several minutes.

Jim's cock was throbbing in his pants and once again he resisted the temptation to take it out and jerk off. As Jim watched the pretty boys play with each other in the pool he found himself hoping that Kyle would get fucked again. Jim wanted to see Kyle on all fours with his shapely ass up in the air as he got butt fucked. Jim would get his wish.

The four boys exited the pool and once again they were showing hard. Kyle went over to the lounge and knelt down on it. He put his head down on the cushion and arched his back showing off his hot curvy ass. Jim watched as Kyle was fucked in the ass again this time by all three of his buddies. First the dark hair guys fucked Kyle one at a time and they each ejaculated on his back and buttocks when they came. Then the blonde guy moved in and fucked Kyle. He too pulled out and shot his load on Kyle's body. Once again Kyle was cum covered.

Kyle then rolled over on his back and his pretty cock stuck up in the air. The blonde guy moved in to kiss Kyle while the two dark hair guys licked and sucked Kyle's cock. They ran their mouths up and down Kyle's shaft and then took turns taking the cock in their mouths. The blonde guy and Kyle kept kissing while Kyle received a blow job from the dark haired guys. The sensing that Kyle was close to cumming, the two guys ran their lips up and down the side of Kyle's cock. The two dark haired guys were able to establish a pace so that their mouths moved in unison. Then Kyle exploded and cum shot out of his cock but the two guys never took their mouths off his shaft. Kyle's cum landed on the hair and faces of the dark guys but they went right on mouthing the spurting cock.

Kyle's cock then stopped spurting and the remaining cum seeped out and ran down his shaft. The two dark hair guys mouthed Kyle's cock clean and then they kissed each other. Jim had never seen such behavior and his cock was ready to burst in his pants. He waited for the four boys to jump back in the pool before he left the house. Jim hurried back to his own house and this time he ran right to his bathroom and jerked off in the toilet. He was so turned on he came seconds after stroking his cock. 

Jim tried the best he could to focus on work but once again he was haunted by the images of the pretty boys with their beautiful cocks and asses having sex. Jim had been surprised that the sex had been so erotic. It wasn't the slam bam sex that he thought gays had. They were making love to each other. There was a lot of foreplay as they were kissing, hugging caressing before sucking and fucking. Later Jim went out to his mailbox to pick up his mail and he noticed that the boy's car was gone. Jim was disappointed to see the car gone and he hoped that they had only run out to the store and would return. However the car did not return that day much to Jim's dismay. He had hoped to witness more sex between the four boys. Later that night in bed Jim masturbated again to the images of the boys in his mind. He imagined his own cock sliding in and out of Kyle's shapely ass. 

KYLE HAS MORE SURPRISES

The day after Kyle's friends left, Jim ran into Kyle outside. "How did it go with your friends?" Jim asked.

"Oh it was cool seeing them again. We all go to the same college and hang out together," Kyle replied in a totally relaxed state.

"Well I'm glad you had fun with them." Jim added.

"Yeah, I did. Oh by the way Jim, I am having another friend stop by this Friday. So when you see a strange car in the driveway, everything is cool," Kyle explained.

"Okay thanks for telling me. Have fun," Jim answered hoping that he would get to see Kyle get fucked again.

"Thanks! I'll see you later," Kyle said and then headed back in the house.

Jim went back into his house and thought about the coming Friday. He was anxious to see Kyle have sex again. He wondered what his friend would look like and he hoped he would see them at the pool. Jim anxiously awaited the arrival of Kyle's friend on Friday. In the meantime he still masturbated at night imagining that he was fucking Kyle. Jim knew he could never fuck Kyle as it would be the end of a friendship with Kyle's parents.

The next few days seemed to drag but Jim managed to get a lot of work done. Then Friday finally arrived and Jim was parked by the window in his office awaiting the arrival of Kyle's friend. Jim was reading at his window but every time a car passed by he looked up to check it out. Then a car pulled into the Willows' driveway and Jim excitedly stared out his window.

The car door opened and the first thing that Jim saw was a gorgeous leg slide out of the front seat. Then a second gorgeous leg hit he ground just before a striking oriental girl emerged from the car. Jim couldn't believe his eyes. The girl was absolutely beautiful. She was wearing a sleeveless blouse and a micro mini skirt. Jim guessed her to be about 5'5" tall. Her skirt was very short and very tight showing off her great legs and curvy ass. She seemed to have small to medium sized breasts and her hair was jet black and hung down to her shoulders. This was not the image that Jim was expecting to see that day.

Jim then thought that Kyle had to be bisexual and that he went both ways. Jim kept staring at the oriental beauty as she removed her overnight bag from the car. At that point Kyle came out and the two of them hugged and kissed. As they kissed Kyle let his hand drop down to the girl's ass and gave it a playful squeeze. Then Kyle took the girl's suitcase in one hand and led her into the house. Jim's cock was already hard just from thinking about what the girl would like naked. 

"Way to go Kyle, you devil," Jim thought to himself.

Jim hoped more than ever now that Kyle and his girl friend would have sex poolside. Jim waited an hour before he wondered over to the Willows' home. He parked himself by the backyard fence and waited there until he heard voices. In another 30 minutes which seemed like hours, Jim heard them come out to the pool. He heard the girl compliment Kyle on the back yard and the pool. Then Jim heard Kyle say, "Let's go for a swim." That was Jim's cue and he headed for the front door. Within minutes Jim was back in the house and in his neighbor's bedroom.

Jim saw Kyle and the girl swimming in the pool. Kyle was wearing his bikini brief again and the girl was wearing a shocking pink bikini. They stopped swimming after several laps and then came into each other's arms. The two of them kissed in the pool and ran their hands over each other's body as Jim watched from the bedroom. Jim's cock was already hard again in his pants and he was anxious to see the couple make love. Kyle then took the girl by the hand and led her out of the pool.

As they walked toward the lounge Jim noticed that the girl was wearing a thing bikini and her beautiful ass was on display. Her ass was perfect, every bit as nice as Kyle's ass. Jim hoped that she liked to get butt fucked and that he would get to see Kyle fuck her hot ass. The girl moved over to the lounge and laid face down. Kyle took some suntan lotion and began applying it to the back of the girl's body. Kyle rubbed it on her back and then he moved to her calves working his way up her legs toward her ass. Then Kyle began to massage the lotion into the girl's shapely ass. Kyle spent a long time massaging the girl's incredible ass and Jim' cock throbbed in his pants as he watched.
