 On Saturday morning Jim looked out his window to see if the car was still in the Willows' driveway. Much to his delight the car was still there. Jim then made a pot of coffee, got the morning paper and made breakfast for himself. As Jim ate breakfast his minded wandered again and he thought about what Kyle's night must have been like having the pretty oriental ladyboy share his bed. Then Jim thought about all the things he would like to do with that ladyboy. Jim cleaned up after breakfast and then sat in his great room with a cup of coffee reading the newspaper. 

Later that morning Jim did a few chores around the house and checked his e-mail. He was really passing time until lunch time. After lunch he planned to check on Kyle and see if he was in the backyard with his friend. About 1:30 PM Jim left his house but then stopped in his tracks. The car was gone. Jim wondered if the ladyboy had left or was he out with Kyle somewhere. Jim decided to check and see if Kyle was home. Jim rang the front doorbell and waited until Kyle answered the door. Jim was disappointed that Kyle was home alone.

"Hey Jim, what's up?" Kyle asked.

"Oh I noticed your friend's car was gone and I wanted to be sure everything was okay," Jim lied.

"Oh yeah, Lee left before lunch and I was just chilling out. Do you want to come in?" Kyle offered.

"No thanks, I have a few things to do. I just wanted to check in. I'll see you later," Jim replied.

"Okay see you later," Kyle responded and then offered, "Hey Jim, if you're not busy tomorrow why don't you come over and use the pool. I'll be here alone and we can hang out together."

"Thanks for the offer. I'll let you know," Jim replied as he walked down the front walk.

Jim would have to think about it as he didn't know if he could trust himself. Suppose Kyle came onto to him, what would he do? Jim went home and spent the rest of the day reading a book that he had been meaning to finish. As he read, his mind kept drifting and he thought about Kyle. Jim decided that he would join Kyle tomorrow as it was the only way to clear his mind. 

On Sunday Jim went over to the Willows' house and accepted Kyle's offer to use the pool. Kyle was glad that Jim had accepted the invitation. It was so hot that day that frequent dips in the pool were required. Jim was embarrassed that he watched Kyle so much that day because in the past he never paid attention to the boy's body. But today Jim watched him closely when Kyle walked around the pool. Kyle's golden tan body glistened with the pool water and Jim admired the boy's shapely legs and curvy ass. Jim thought to himself that many a girl would love to have an ass like Kyle's. Jim found himself starring at Kyle's bubble butt and wondering what it would be like to fuck him in the ass. Jim thought it wouldn't be any different than fucking a girls' ass particularly since Kyle had a hairless body with flawless skin. Jim found himself getting an erection just thinking about Kyle's ass. 

Kyle came back to the lounge next to Jim and he lay face down with his bubble butt sticking up in the air. Kyle had one of those asses that just begged to be grabbed and fondled. Jim looked at his friend's son and Jim's cock hardened again as he thought of butt fucking the younger boy. The bikini bottom was skin tight on Kyle and left little to the imagination. Besides Jim had already seen Kyle butt naked and butt fucked several times the past week.

"Jim, would you mind putting some lotion on my back?" Kyle asked interrupting Jim's erotic thoughts.

"No not at all," Jim replied as he swung his legs around to sit up on the lounge.

Jim moved over to Kyle's lounge and he was aware of his raging hard-on in his swimsuit. He took the suntan lotion and poured in all over Kyle's back. Jim rubbed the lotion in as his hands moved over the smooth skin of Kyle's shoulders and back. Jim stared at the twin hillocks of Kyle's bikini covered ass as his hands moved to Kyle's lower back. Unbeknown to Jim, Kyle was struggling to keep his own emotions under control as his cock had hardened as well.

Jim asked, "Want your legs done too?" even though he knew that Kyle was capable of putting lotion on his own legs.

"Sure, if you don't mind," Kyle said his voice cracking noticeably.

Jim applied the lotion to one leg at a time and the two of them became increasingly excited but neither one of them took it to the next step. Kyle finally looked over at Jim and saw the outline of his erect cock in his swimsuit. Kyle could hardly contain himself when he realized that Jim had a hard-on.

"Jim have you ever had sex with another guy?" Kyle asked catching Jim off guard.

"Of course not, why do you ask such a question," Jim snapped back.

"Well I can see that you have an erection and I hope that you got it from touching me. I also know that you spied on me when my friends were here?" Kyle stated confidently.

"I did no such thing," Jim said trying to sound firm but he blushed at the same time.

"Sure you did. I saw you in my parent's bedroom looking out the window. You spied on me when my college buddies were here and you spied on me when Lee was here," Kyle affirmed.

"Okay I admit it. I'm sorry and it won't happen again," Jim replied nervously knowing he had been busted.

"No it's okay. I'm glad you came back the second and third time. You obviously liked what you saw," Kyle added.

Then Kyle said, "I can see that you have a boner. Can I see it?"

Jim threw all caution to the wind and he pulled his Speedo down and freed his cock. The impressive organ leaped out of his swimsuit and stood straight out from him. Kyle stared at it for a moment and then reached for it.

"Whoa, whoa what are you doing?" Jim said startled by the boy's response.

"I just want to touch it, okay?" Kyle asked almost begging.

Jim let Kyle touch him. Jim liked the feeling of a hand different from his own on his cock and he closed his eyes as Kyle stroked it. Kyle slowly stroked the big dick with one hand and cupped Jim's bloated balls with the other hand. Jim sighed as Kyle's hands moved over the genitals.

"Can I kiss it? It looks so good I have to kiss it," Kyle stammered.

Jim didn't answer but just closed his eyes as Kyle's lips kissed the engorged cock. Jim's body tensed as Kyle's lips moved up and down the shaft and then Jim gasped as Kyle's mouth engulfed Jim's cock. Jim thought to himself, "Oh my God he is going to blow me."

Kyle was a very good cocksucker and in no time he had Jim ready to blow his load. Jim tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Kyle sat on the edge of the lounge and drew Jim in toward him. Kyle caressed the back of Jim's legs and cheeks of his ass as Kyle's warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on Jim's cock. Kyle massaged the head of Jim's cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled Jim's cock with his tongue and Jim felt the light scraping of Kyle's teeth. Jim's dick felt harder and longer than it ever felt in his life and he knew he was going to shoot soon.

Kyle took Jim's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Jim's bloated balls. Kyle then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Jim's balls. Kyle tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Jim's pee slit. Kyle had Jim close to cumming a few times. Kyle seemed to know when Jim was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer, torturing Jim in the process.

Kyle looked up at Jim and smiled as he stroked the slick cock. Then he asked, "Ready to cum Jim"?

Jim just nodded frantically. Kyle then took Jim's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Jim hard. Kyle reached under Jim's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Jim felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping Jim this time.

Kyle grabbed Jim's ass cheeks with both hands as Jim exploded in his mouth. Jim fired round after round of cum into his mouth and Kyle sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. Rope after rope of semen shot into Kyle's mouth as Jim seemed to have an endless supply. Finally the barrage subsided and Jim stopped cumming in Kyle's mouth. Kyle sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained every drop from Jim's dick.

Jim felt weak from the intense orgasm so he sat down on the lounge across from Kyle. Jim watched as Kyle stood up and lowered his bathing suit to his knees. Kyle's 7" boner jumped out and Kyle quickly grabbed it in his hand. Kyle stroked his own cock as he spoke.

"I need to get off I am so hot!" Kyle said in an excited tone.

Jim watched his friend's son jerk off. Kyle's hand flew rapidly over his hard cock in search of his own release. He then turned slightly just before he came and Jim watched as Kyle ejaculated. Kyle shot his load and the first couple of blasts must have traveled five feet before landing on the pool deck. Kyle seemed to cum for at least 30 seconds as stream after stream shot out of his dick. Jim watched as Kyle's buttocks tightened and then relaxed as he fired his load. Jim admired the boy's bare ass as it was white compared to the well tanned body. Kyle had a beautiful ass and Jim felt his loins stir and his cock harden as he once again thought what it would be like to fuck Kyle's ass. 

Kyle looked over at Jim and saw that Jim had another boner. "Jim would you like to fuck me? Would you like to stick your big thick cock in my ass?" Kyle asked as he wiggled his shapely ass in Jim's direction. 

Kyle took off his bathing suit and his 7" still erect dick wavered in the air. He knelt on a lounge chair and raised his ass in the air. Jim looked at him in this position and decided that he looked just like a girl with his smooth hairless body and his great looking bubble butt. Kyle reached back and lubed his asshole with lotion. Jim saw this and applied a generous amount of lotion to his own cock. Jim stood behind Kyle and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. He hadn't fucked an ass in months and now he was about to fuck a guy's ass for the very first time. Jim then spit on his dick making very slippery and eased into Kyle's asshole. 

Jim was gentle with him allowing Kyle to adjust to the size of his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in Kyle's ass and he fucked the young boy royally. Jim held on to the pretty twin cheeks of Kyle's ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Kyle felt Jim tense and then fill his ass with cum. Jim continued to fuck Kyle's ass and the semen backed out of his ass and ran down over Kyle's balls. Kyle fired a blast of cum onto the pool deck this time without ever even touching his own cock. Jim eased his soft cock out of Kyle's ass and Kyle turned around took it in his mouth and sucked him dry and clean.

Kyle and Jim then entered the swimming pool naked just as Kyle had done with his friends after they had sex. Not a word was spoken between them as they reflected on what just happened between them. Jim had just had the best blow job and ass fuck in his life and it was with a 19 year old boy. Not just any boy but his neighbor's son. 

Jim was the first to get out of the pool and announced, "I am going home to grab a shower."

"Why, shower here I'll show you where," Kyle offered.

Jim and Kyle walked naked into the house. Kyle showed him which shower to use which was right next to Kyle's room. Jim relaxed under the hot water as he thought of Kyle and how good it was to fuck his ass. Jim loved watching his cock slide in and out of the shapely ass. Jim then decided that it was no different being with a guy then with a girl when it came to getting a blow job or butt fucking. Jim felt his loins stir again just thinking of Kyle's ass. After the soothing shower, Jim dried himself off and walked back into Kyle's bedroom. To his surprise Kyle was in bed on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. Jim felt his cock twinge as he looked at Kyle's hot ass. Kyle's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a girl in this position.

"Would like you to fuck me again?" Kyle said in a sultry voice. "You would like to fuck me again wouldn't you?" he asked.

Jim's cock hardened as he approached the bed. He knelt behind Kyle and began to caress Kyle's beautiful ass. Kyle handed Jim the lotion and asked Jim to get his ass ready. Jim put an ample amount of lotion in his hands and rubbed it all around Kyle's bung hole. Then Jim inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Kyle's ass for another ass fuck. Jim sawed his fingers in and out of Kyle's anus and Jim was turned on by the thought of burying his cock in Kyle's shapely ass one more time. Jim moved closer to Kyle and lined up the head of his cock with Kyle's anal opening. Jim eased his big dick into Kyle's ass.

Kyle reminded Jim, "Not too deep at first, then deeper."

Jim spat on his hand and rubbed his saliva all over his cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. Jim's cock head cleared the sphincter and he fed it to Kyle a little at a time. Kyle's ass chute was warm and tight as Jim went deeper and deeper into him. Soon he was all the way in Kyle's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Jim continued to pump Kyle's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts. Jim caressed Kyle's smooth round ass as he fucked it. 

Kyle asked Jim to fuck him harder and quicker. So Jim picked up the pace and he pounded Kyle's ass faster and faster. Jim's balls started bouncing off of Kyle's balls and Kyle moaned with each thrust of Jim's cock. Jim could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed in Kyle's ass. Jim tried to make it last as long as possible but once Kyle contracted his anal muscles Jim lost it.

Jim fired a barrage of cum in Kyle's ass filling it to overflowing. Jim couldn't remember when he came so much. As Jim continued to fuck, his cum backed up in Kyle's rectum and oozed out flowing over Kyle's balls. Kyle used his talented anal muscles to milk Jim's cock and drained it dry. Kyle's milking action weakened Jim and sent tingles through his body. Jim pulled out of Kyle and collapsed on the bed next to him. Kyle rolled over on his back and jerked off once again. Jim watched as Kyle stroked his cock. Kyle fired another round of spunk into the air. The first blast landed on Kyle's face, neck and chest. The remainder of his load landed on his abs and pooled around his pubes. 

Jim decided that he needed another shower and this time Kyle showered with him. Even though Jim had nothing left it was still fun to wash Kyle's shapely ass and play with it. The two of them dried off, dressed and then Jim left for his house. Kyle thanked him for a marvelous afternoon and said that he hoped they could get together some more. Jim was bewildered as he walked home. He had clearly crossed the line in more ways than one and he had to decide what to do next. Jim decided that he would tell Kyle that although the sex was great that it was something they just couldn't continue to do. Jim was best friends with Kyle's parents and they would have a fit if they knew. 

That night Jim tossed and turned in his sleep as he struggled with what he had done. He had let his emotions get the better of him and he was furious that he didn't exercise better self control. Jim decided that he would speak with Kyle in the morning and set the record straight. 

The first thing Monday morning Jim went over to Kyle's house and rang the doorbell. Kyle answered the doorbell naked then he smiled when he saw Jim and invited him in. Kyle turned to walk back in the family room and Jim watched as the shapely boy walked ahead of him. Jim felt that familiar stirring in his groin as he watched Kyle's curvy ass all the way into the family room. Jim was about to tell Kyle that they couldn't' do this again when Kyle turned and spoke to Jim.

"I was just going to take a shower. Would you like to join me? Would you like to fuck me in the shower? Kyle asked.

Jim had originally planned to tell Kyle that what they did was wrong and it had to end but when he thought about Kyle's hot ass Jim changed his mind. Now Kyle was asking Jim to fuck him again and Jim could not say no.

"Sure I didn't shower this morning and I would love to join you," Jim replied trying to hide his excitement.

Jim followed Kyle up the stairs to his bathroom and as he did he watched Kyle's hot ass sway from side to side. Kyle walked with an air of confidence as he knew Jim was watching him. Kyle rolled his buttocks as he ascended the stairs and had a swagger that said come and fuck me. Jim felt his cock harden as he walked behind Kyle and stared at his perfect ass. Jim knew that within minutes he would be sliding his soapy cock into Kyle's soapy asshole. 

Jim stripped off his clothes and left them on Kyle's bed. Then he entered the bathroom and joined Kyle in the shower. Jim washed Kyle's body and paid particular attention to Kyle's ass. Jim stood behind Kyle and washed Kyle's chest and abs. Then Jim's hands made their way down to Kyle's ass. Jim cupped the luscious buttocks in his hands as he soaped up Kyle's ass. Then he fingered Kyle's asshole and soaped up his own cock. Kyle leaned forward slightly placing his hands on the shower wall and arched his back so that his ass pushed back toward Jim. Jim eased his cock into Kyle's soapy asshole as he held onto Kyle's hips.

Kyle groaned seductively as the big dick entered his asshole. Jim fucked him slowly and watched his cock slide in and out of Kyle's shapely ass. Jim was so turned on that he felt his orgasm building quicker then he planned. There was no stopping him and his balls tightened as he unloaded in Kyle's ass. Jim held onto to Kyle's hips and drove his cock deep into Kyle's asshole. Kyle felt the molten sperm fill his asshole to overflowing and instinctively used his anal muscles to milk Jim's cock.

"Oh Jim I feel it! I feel you cumming in me. It feels so good keep fucking me," Kyle blurted.

Jim stayed hard and kept fucking Kyle. Jim could feel his own semen surround his cock as he continued to fuck Kyle's ass. Jim sensed that he would stay hard and he was pleased that he could continue to fuck Kyle's ass. Kyle realized that Jim would fuck him until he ejaculated again and Kyle began to stroke his own cock. Kyle wished that Jim would jerk him off while he fucked his ass.

"Jim, play with me. Play with my cock. Stroke it for me just like you stroke a girl's clit," Kyle begged.

Jim had never touched a cock other than his own but he honored Kyle's request. He grabbed a hold of the teenager's cock and jerked him off as he fucked Kyle's ass. Jim lasted much longer this time but he still felt a huge orgasm building in his balls. Just as Jim came in Kyle's ass a second time, Kyle screamed that he was cumming. Jim stroked Kyle quicker and he watched over Kyle's shoulder as Kyle ejaculated. Kyle's cum shot out of his cock and splattered against the shower wall. Jim actually liked seeing Kyle cum and watching the spunk shoot out of Kyle's cock. 

Jim and Kyle let the shower water cascade over their bodies and cleanse them of all the semen. Then they dried off and walked naked back into Kyle's bedroom. Kyle picked up Jim's clothes off the bed and placed them on the chair. Kyle then lay face down on his bed as Jim stood there and looked at Kyle's bubble butt sticking up naturally from the rest of his body. 

"Jim, would you do me a big favor and massage my shoulders and back? I am really stiff after holding that position in the shower," Kyle asked in a soft voice.

Kyle told Jim where the massage oil was in the bathroom. Jim retrieved the body oil and then straddled Kyle's body. Jim sat on Kyle's legs just below Kyle's buttocks and rested his soft cock in the crack of Kyle's ass. Jim poured the oil on Kyle's back and shoulders and then began to massage the pretty teenager's body. Kyle's skin was hairless, smooth and flawless and Jim's hands glided over the skin. After several minutes of massaging Kyle's upper body Jim turned his attention to Kyle's ass. Jim massaged each of Kyle's buttocks relishing in the feel of the round firm globes. Jim felt his cock begin to harden again and within a few minutes of rubbing Kyle's ass Jim was erect again. Jim's huge hard cock was nestled in the crack of Kyle's ass and Jim slid his cock within the fold of Kyle's buttocks.
