 I probably ought to feel worse about what we did to Jim Boomer, or rather, what we had him do to us, that last term at university, but when I start thinking back about that strange, singular semester, I just can't get around to feeling much remorse. On at least one level, he brought it all on himself.

Lenny and I, old high school jerk-off buddies, had reunited as roommates for our final year at the University of New Hampshire. We had had miserable fortune in the love department that fall semester. Each of our girlfriends had broken up with us, and spring term had started cold and dismal, with no particular prospects for the rest of the semester. 

We were out that first Friday night in February to the Blue Boar in town, trying to talk up a pair of handsome college wenches we'd found there. Just when we each thought we were on the verge of bringing home some soft, warm female companionship for the evening, a couple of other bucks showed up that the girls I guess already knew, and we watched our chances disintegrate when the four of them left together, dismissing us rather unceremoniously I thought, after the evenings-long attention we had lavished upon the two girls.

Back at Greenwood High School, Lenny had always been the instigator, the "bad boy" the girls wanted, while I was the "nice guy" who they confided in when there were problems and they needed a sympathetic ear. There were times when I would end up with his cast-offs, so I got some residual sexual excitement as wingman that I might not have encountered otherwise, but it often felt distinctly unsatisfying to be the honorable one of the two of us. 

A lot of the girls seemed happy to "talk" to me but wanted, or at least were willing, to fuck Lenny. I wasn't as big or tall as him, but I thought my appearance was fine enough, my body trim with strong legs and a nice ass, all of that, but it didn't seem to translate well into the love arena. 

Lenny was a big guy, large bones and dark hair, with sharp steely eyes always looking for sex, and his cock had gotten plenty of action during our high school years, much more than mine. 

None of this mattered that cold dismal Friday night, we were just a couple of single, out-of-sorts, sexually frustrated guys, on our way home from the pub.

Lenny was pissing and moaning the whole way, our boots crunching in the snow, complaining about Caroline, his former girlfriend, and how rudely and illogically she had ditched him, how his mighty penis hadn't had any attention except from his own hands for weeks, and our general bad luck that evening. 

We pulled up the old creaky wooden stairs of Lennox House quietly, since it was almost midnight, and at least some of the other residents were likely already asleep. We had a three-room set-up on the top floor of what had once been a frat-house. Lenny and I had the largest room as seniors, Ron and Carlos in another, and the other senior Jim Boomer, or Jimbo as he was known, in the smallest room, but a single. 

On the way to the loo Lenny paused in front of Jim's door. He looked puzzled for a moment and then smiled at me. 

"Listen," he whispered, "I think Jimbo's having a bit of fun with himself." 

There was no chance anyone else was in there with him, the guy was a hermit and a nerd to boot. Sure enough, there were some low moaning sounds coming from his room, and a dim light was visible from underneath the door. 

"Poor guy is probably as horny as us," Lenny grunted and then got a funny look on his face. He put his eye to the keyhole and started smirking. 

"Got a whole scene going for himself in there," he leered. "Probably too worked up to have heard us come in." 

I took a peek and got a partial view of Jim lying on his bed and pulling on his penis.

Ha! This was amusing.

Lenny cocked his head and gave me an evil grin. "Game for some fun?" he asked. 

There would have been no point in debating, since it looked like Lenny was up for something whether I agreed or not, so I shrugged and said "Sure."

Lenny stood for a moment in front of the door, quietly testing whether the door knob would turn or not, then gave a knock and quickly pushed the door open. 

I almost laughed at the sight that greeted us but kept a straight face.

Jim was sprawled out on his back in bed, completely naked, a candle on the bedside table next to him casting a romantic little glow, and he had both hands wrapped around a prick that looked pretty much within half a minute or so of ejaculation.

Lenny paused dramatically. "Oh sorry Jimbo, I saw your light on and we were going to ask if you had any beer around. We're plumb out in our room." He gestured down the hallway.

Jim tried as fast as he could to pull a sheet around himself but the image was just too funny for Lenny and me -- both of us started laughing. Even with the sheet around his midsection, you could see Jim's throbbing prick outlined through the fabric, and a minute later you could even see a wet spot where his damp-at-the-head cock had been in contact with the sheets. 

"It's okay, it's okay," Lenny went on as Jimbo fumbled around. "You're among friends. You get a hard one, what you gonna do if no one is around to help out?" 

Lenny was trying to display empathy, but his words came out exaggerated, mocking.

Lenny couldn't keep up a straight face though. "But your cock sure looks like it's ready for its Mt. Vesuvius thing!" and he doubled over again.

Jim's face had gone bright red. "Hey look you guys, you should have knocked first," he protested. 

"Well, we did," rejoined Lenny, but then added a "Sorry, sorry," which he choked out amid his laughter, holding his hands up.

"Hey look, don't say nothing about this, okay?" Jim's face looked really pathetic. "This is my last semester, I had some academic issues last year and if anything looks bad my scholarship might be in jeopardy and my folks would have a fit." Jim had come from upstate and while he made a decent suite-mate, was nothing special. 

Jim studied hard, was not all that social, actually was a pretty boring guy, maybe only one girlfriend the whole time at university. He was middle height, clean-shaven, slender, dark hair. His prick was larger than I might have thought, but I had never seen him with a hard-on before. And of course sometimes these skinny guys look like they have bigger dicks anyway, one of those proportion things, I guess. 

Lenny was still chuckling. "No, no, we wouldn't say nothing, would we Rob?" 

He reached over and pulled the covers off of Jim, whose prick bobbed stiffly as the sheet was yanked away. "Lennox House pervert caught abusing himself! Good Catholic boy goes bad! Excommunication! Expulsion!" 

"That would be some story in the campus rag!" 

Lenny got himself going now and tortured Jim for a good five minutes, expanding on the different ways that Jim's sexual proclivities could be "exposed" to the rest of campus.

Jim was sweating something fierce by the end, and I was actually feeling a little bad for the guy with all Lenny's teasings.

"Hold on a sec, Jimbo, I think we got some beer left after all. I'll hit the loo and we'll have a beer or two and maybe we can reach some understanding." 

I could see that Jim didn't like the way Lenny laid emphasis on the last word. He looked a bit bewildered, not quite hopeful, but nodded his head.

I went to pee while Lenny rustled up some last Narragansetts, we had three left, and we sat down together on Jim's bed. Jimbo's prick had drooped a bit, but was still stiff enough to lay out full length on his thigh. He had cranked the heat up in his room so it was pretty warm. Otherwise being naked on your bed in student housing in February in New Hampshire wouldn't have been very comfortable.

Lenny took a swig from his beer and began. "Okay, first off, no one else is up in the suite. Ron and Carlos are gone for the weekend, which is why you probably thought you had the place to yourself for awhile. Rob and me came home early from the Blue Boar since we struck out with some girls, and believe me, we can tell you something about being horny ourselves."

I had to nod in agreement.

"But, sounds like you don't want this to become public knowledge?" Lenny began, trying to sound innocent.

Jim went on at some length, expanding on what we already knew of his story. His family was pretty strait-laced, Catholic and conservative, and as the oldest son there was a lot of pressure on him to finish university in good shape. 

I was a little surprised how anxious he was, all guilt-ridden and embarrassed to an almost painful degree. If Ron or Carlos had come in on me in the same situation, I would have just laughed it off. Like what guy in college hasn't wanked off one time or another? Like maybe daily? But Jimbo was totally worked up, face red, hands trembling, the whole business.

He tried not to sound desperate but he sure was undone. I think he would have sold his grandma down the river if he could have taken back the evening and never been caught by his suite-mates doing the masturbation thing.

Lenny pretended to listen sympathetically. We were silent for a bit after Jim finished, his eyes going from one of us to the other, looking for some reassurance. His brown puppy-dog eyes looked pathetic. 

"Tell you what," said Lenny finally. "We got three real horny guys here together, each of us wishing for some girl to finish us off." 

To demonstrate, he stood up and pulled his pants and drawers down, exposing a cock that was erect enough to point out about horizontal. "Exhibit A," he said. He wagged it provocatively from side to side.

I knew his prick well enough, had seen it all through our high school years together, stroked him off, even sucked him, under duress, or rather a lost bet, but that's another story. His penis had a large handsome circumcised cockhead that I knew could shoot sperm just fine -- it fit his German-ancestry, big-boned body well. 

"I would be loving, just loving, to be plunging this thing into some nice juicy cunt right now." He pointed to his bobbing cock poking out above his jeans. His plaid flannel shirt hung to each side. He had a big dark-haired body, hefty gut, but was strongly built. 

"Love to be feeling some bushy cunt hairs squashing around my groin," he went on.

Just talking made my own organ stir, and I saw Jim's cock begin to harden again. If the guy had been jerking for very long and was as close to explosion as it looked like when we came in, I reckoned it wouldn't take much to get him excited again.

"Just what are you proposing?" Jim's lips trembled a little, he did not look comfortable.

"We are all red-blooded young bucks, right?" Lenny went on. "Nothing but some soft excited snatch to make us happy, but we got no options on that score, at least tonight, right? Let's all get each other off and we'll call it square."

Jim didn't look as pleased as he might have, but tried hard to understand what Lenny was saying. "You mean you want a circle jerk here tonight, and nothing goes any further than this room? You want us all to wank off together?"

"Yeah," said Lenny. "And as the one with his pants down first, so to speak, you would agree to help either of us out if we asked?" pointing to his own prick and then at my crotch. He sent me a look that suggested he wasn't going to mention our own mutual stroke sessions as adolescents back in Gilford.

Jim swallowed hard. He knew Lenny well enough to realize that trying to haggle was only going to make the deal worse. He made one attempt to ease the terms but Lenny pretty well brought that to a close by expanding even further on the scenarios which he had mentioned earlier, remarking that some newsletters on university bulletin boards would make for some amusement for the rest of the campus.

"Okay, okay," said Jim, exasperated. "I suppose there is nothing wrong with a hard dick finding some relief, however it happens."

Lenny smiled broadly. "I never thought otherwise myself. Rob, you the only one with your knickers still on. Let's see your prick." 

Lenny had seen my penis many a time before, so this was an interesting act. It brought my mind back to all the times we had our cocks out as adolescents, playing either with our own prick or the other guy's tool, getting aroused as all hell before we finally did something for release. I pulled my jeans down and my cock stood out, semi-hard.

I was aware of all eyes on my penis, my balls already starting to draw up in my ballsac. Lenny saw Jimbo's intent gaze on my cock and smiled.

The rest of the evening was pretty darn interesting. At first we just sat around naked on Jim's bed, while Lenny had taken the precaution, which Jim probably wished he had done himself, of locking the door. 

Sitting cross-legged on the bed, each of us had idly begun to manipulate our cocks. I never minded the sight of another male attending to his organ, and observing the different ways that guys used to stiffen their tools. 

Jim, unlike during our sudden entry, used his left hand to stroke around his shaft and run his fingers over his glans. Lenny rummaged with one hand on his balls, while pulling up on his shaft with his other. I was just quietly playing with my prickhead, trying not to get too hard too soon, since I still wasn't quite sure what we were in for. 

We talked about cunts and pricks, our various experiences, what felt good and what didn't, our biggest turn-ons and so forth for probably half an hour until the beer gave out. 

I found the whole scene strangely intoxicating. Three hard cocks in the room, all itching for release. Lenny's penis was thick, circumcised, with a pointy head of a luscious red-purple color. Jim's was uncut, I hadn't seen a lot of these, and I enjoyed watching him slide his heavily veined foreskin up and down his shaft, his smooth rounded cockhead emerging and disappearing again. I swallowed hard.

My own penis is mid-size, very handsome to my own eyes, straight with a nice hard edge around my arrow-shaped cockhead. My fingers had been doing lovely things to its nerve endings, my balls all drawn up and moving about restlessly in their sac. 

Then Lenny lay down on the bed, pulling one of Jim's pillows underneath his head, and spread his legs apart. "Give my prick a little feel, Jimbo," Lenny said. I went to a chair next to the window to give some room.

Jim made a face. "Like what?" he asked. 

"Oh, run your fingers along my shaft. Like this," Lenny guided Jim's right hand over to his erection and directed his fingers up and down. "Same as what you would do to yourself."

"Nice, nice," he murmured as Jimbo ran his fingers up and down Lenny's prick. 

"Do that for a little bit, and then play with my balls some." 

Lenny put his head back and smirked at me. Jim looked distinctly uncomfortable but did as he was told. I noticed that as he gently stroked Lenny's prick that his own cock had gotten ramrod hard again. Attempting a bit of a misdirection, I reached over and ran my own fingers along his prickhead, which bobbed with appreciation. Jim's face got red again.

His penis felt nice in my hands, all stiff and excited, the veins standing out, smooth and turgid in my fingers. Like it had been hard for a long time, which of course was the case. Who knows how long he had been stroking himself?

"S'okay," said Lenny. "A hard prick hath no conscience, whatsoever."

He leaned back and I started wondering just how far Lenny was going to take this situation. 

We were silent for several minutes as Jimbo stroked Lenny's penis, my own hand sliding along Jimbo's cock, watching it twitch with my touch. So smooth, so urgent, its smooth excited surface felt marvelous in my hands. 

Lenny had looked over to the candle on Jim's beside table and noticed that Jim had set up a little mirror there too. It appeared that it probably was there so Jimbo could watch himself jerk off. It was perfectly positioned so that someone in bed with a head on a pillow, like Lenny right then, could look right over and see his own groin. 

The candle-light made for a nice touch too. This was certainly a novel idea and I think we were surprised that Jimbo had this much imagination. You never would have guessed it by looking at him. 

Lenny smiled. He re-positioned Jimbo for a better view and spread his legs out to give Jimbo more access.

I had seen Lenny fuck before, and of course had keenly watched him in our teenage experiments when I coaxed an ejaculation from him, but I don't think I had ever seen this sort of triumphant look on his face.

It wasn't long before Lenny's hips were squirming around in pleasure, but I knew he didn't want the excitement to end quite yet. He had Jimbo stop with his hands and motioned me over to the side of the bed. My cock wagged stiffly from side to side as I walked over, I had gotten quite aroused watching them. I stood by the side of the bed, my prick sticking straight out. 

"Ever sucked one of these?" asked Lenny.

"No way," responded Jimbo, his face reddening. "Gimme a girl any day."

"Yup," Lenny smiled. "Me too. But I don't see any here. But there are always first times. Give Rob's prick a little lick," he urged.

Jimbo was about to protest but Lenny arched his eyebrows, and it was obvious that any opposition was going to be met with another round of threats to distribute the news around campus. Jim closed his mouth, and it looked like his shoulders dropped a couple inches.

He reached out and held my balls very tentatively in his fingers for a moment, pausing.

"Lick up the shaft," murmured Lenny. "Like you're having an ice cream cone." Sure felt nice, I tell you. Jimbo did this for a few minutes, running his soft warm tongue up my shaft to the top, then starting again in a slightly different place below and coming up again. Lenny's eyes were riveted on the sight, and shining.

"Lick his balls," commanded Lenny in a low voice, and I spread my legs so Jimbo could get to them.

This was even nicer, and I stroked my own prick, now slobbery wet with Jimbo's saliva, while he worked over my testicles. A little drop of lubrication started to form at the top of my prickhead.

"Just look at that," marveled Lenny, pulling Jimbo away. "Just look what you've done -- a nice hard cock, pleased as punch. I think your mouth has potential."

We all stared at my prick now, and when I let go of it with my hand it bobbed on its own. Hands on my hips I squeezed my asscheeks and made it bob up and down a few times, which both felt good and made the others laugh at the sight.

"Now give me a turn," said Lenny, spreading his legs out further apart. "Do my balls first, and then my cock. With your mouth."

Jimbo made a face, and Lenny responded, reading his mind. "You won't have to take my sperm in your mouth, I'll either finish myself off or have you do it with your hands. Just treat my prick like you would want your own to be handled. I think we'll have three good blasts off before the evening is done." 

I wasn't sure then if he meant three loads apiece, or three for the lot of us.

I know Lenny would have wanted the whole scene to go on for hours, but the excitement all of us had going, and I mean all of us, was too great. He got Jimbo to stroke him a bit, lick his balls, and finally take his prick in his mouth. Jim did not look too pleased at this, but I enjoyed watching Lenny scrunch up his face while Jim's lips went up and down on Lenny's tool. 

Lenny was finally ready and laid back, motioning Jim to do some more ball-licking while Lenny stroked his own shaft. I watched the familiar drill, Lenny's legs stiffening out, as he picked up tempo, Jimbo nestled down below his crotch, licking testicles the best he could. 

At the last moment Lenny pulled Jimbo's right hand up to his erection and had him do the final bit of stroking. Lenny's face tightened and he shot a good glob of sperm up on his belly, maybe five strong pulses, his penis twitching violently with each spurt until just little dribbles were left to ooze out of his cockhead.
