 It was after midnight when I finally got home from work. I had missed the last bus and had to walk 6 miles to my apartment. Being a 20 year old without a car was definitely not a lot of fun, especially after a 10 hour shift in a hot kitchen. 

As I fumbled with my keys, my neighbor Jim from across the hall opened his door to check things out.

"Hey Shawn," he said, "kinda late isn't it?"

The look of frustration on my face must have been painfully obvious. Jim laughed softly and motioned for me to come on over and have a drink. 

"Thanks, Jim," I said, "let me rinse off really quick and I'll be over."

He nodded as he patted my shoulder, and then closed the door but left it ajar so I could walk in. I tossed my back pack on the floor and left a trail of clothes as I made my way to the shower to wash off the smell of the food I'd been cooking all night. The hot water felt great on my sore muscles but all I could think of was that drink he offered. I finished up quickly, dried off and pulled on a pair of sweat shorts and a tank top. 

I closed my apartment door behind me and walked across the hall, pushing Jim's door open. He was coming out of the kitchen as I entered, with two beers and a bottle of tequila. 

"Here you go, buddy," Jim said as he handed me a beer and motioned for me to have a seat on the couch. 

"Thanks, man, I really need this." I told him as I plopped down and sunk into the couch.

Jim had lived in this apartment building for 10 years or so. He was a retired contractor and spent most of his free time doing handyman stuff for other residents. He was the first person to greet me when I moved in and we've become friends since. I really enjoyed his company and didn't mind at all when he'd hit on me, even though at 220 lbs and being 6'4, he kinda scared me at first. Jim knew I was straight but he always flirted with me anyway. I think he did it just to try to embarrass me. 

"Bad night, huh?" He asked as he handed me a shot. 

I gulped it down and proceeded to tell him all about the busy night, missed bus and long walk. We sipped our beers and he poured me another shot. 

"You know, Shawn, you can always call me if you need a ride." He said, as he poured me another shot. 

We proceeded to just hang out and watch tv, and usual, Jim began getting a little bit flirty as we drank. I admit, I actually liked it when he flirted with me, it made me feel good about myself. I wasn't a bad looking guy but girls didn't usually tell me I was sexy. Jim made a habit out of telling me how sexy he thought I was, and would occasionally push the boundaries with his sexual comments. This was also a turn on because he was normally very polite and respectful, so I got the feeling that sometimes he just couldn't help himself. Sometimes alcohol brings out the honesty in people.

This night was one of those nights when he pushed the boundaries. I was feeling pretty buzzed and sexy from the liquor and compliments. Jim may have sensed it, I'm not sure, but he decided to switch on the VCR and began playing some gay porn. 

"Oh man, Jim, come on." I said with a laugh.

"What's the matter, Shawn, afraid you might like it?" He said with a grin.

I knew he was trying to embarrass me so I decided just to play it cool and not protest. When Jim got up to grab two more beers and pour is another shot, the bulge in his boxer shorts was obvious and he made to effort to hide it. I was a little bit shocked since he had just turned the movie on, and could only assume he was hard before switching on the VCR. He stood over me as he refilled my glass, watching my eyes to see if I'd look at his cock which was now protruding from his boxers.

"Well, I'd say that this is closer than I ever imagined my cock would be to your face." Jim said, with a chuckle. He watched me as I inadvertently looked directly at it. 

I was feeling pretty playful so I decided to turn the tables on him a bit and flirt back. 

"Jim, I had no idea that you had suck a nice looking cock," I said casually, "very impressive."

I reached over and picked up my glass, gulping down my tequila shot as he stood there. I kept my eyes on the tv screen as he sat down beside me on the couch, still making no effort to put his cock back in his boxers. He watched me as I watched the scene on the tv screen, it was of a younger man on his knees, sucking an older mans cock. 

Jim became bolder than ever before and grabbed my crotch as he asked, "Any movement down here?" 

It shocked me since he had never done anything that direct when he flirted, but I had never played along either. His groping was quick and he laughed as he removed his hand. It was then that I realized my cock began to quickly grow inside my thin sweat shorts. Jim noticed it immediately and began to laugh. He then settled back into the couch and watched the screen.

"You know, Shawn, you'd probably be pretty good at that. You've got the lips for it." He said. 

I rolled my eyes at him as I smiled. This was way beyond the normal flirting and it was really turning me on. I casually started rubbing my cock through the fabric as I watched Jim begin to stroke his. He scooted closer when he saw my hand start to slip into my sweat shorts. 

"You ever thought about trying it?" He asked.

I kinda shrugged my shoulders and raised my eyebrows. I didn't say it out loud, but the truth was, I had thought about it on more than one occasion. Jim slid closer still, and my lack of an answer gave him more confidence for his next move. He slid his boxers all the way down and put his hand on the back of my neck, gently pulling me down into his lap. My head landed on his thigh, just inches from his hard cock and he reached over and began sliding my shorts off. 

My heart began to pound out of my chest as he adjusted himself so that he could run his hand across my naked ass. I was still facing the tv screen as my head rested on his thigh. I could feel his cock resting against the back of my head as his big hand began gently caressing my buttocks and lower back. The realness of the situation began to overwhelm me and I was unable to move. As I watched the screen, Jim began firmly kneading my buttocks in a most sensual way. 

My cock was aching underneath me and I had to lift up to readjust myself. This placed my erect cock and balls directly between my legs and Jim's fingers began grazing them. He began stroking my head with his other hand, almost coaxing me to turn and face towards him, which I did. The base of his thick shaft was less than an inch from my lips. I let out a soft moan as his hand caressed me, took a deep breath and kissed the hot skin in front of me.

"Oh yeah, baby," Jim said breathlessly, " mmm, kiss daddy's cock honey." 

His words made the butterflies in my stomach do flips and gave me the courage to continue.

Jim spread my legs further and took ahold of my cock, stroking it as I began licking around his balls and shaft. The excitement of the moment overtook me and i suddenly felt as though I was going to cum. I didn't want to cum, not yet, so I slid off the couch and got between his legs. Jim had a lustful grin on his face as he watched me kneeling before him. His hand was gripping the base of his cock as he motioned for me to come closer.

With my head swimming in tequila, excitement and curiosity, I rested my forearms on his thighs and placed my mouth over the tip of his cock. The warmth and slight saltiness of his skin gave me a rush as I closed my lips tightly around the tip and gently sucked. Jim moaned loudly and his hand went to the back of my head. He wasn't forceful but he coaxed me to go further than I had. Slowly, I worked my mouth down but could feel a gag reaction threatening to appear.

Jim began gently stroking the back of my neck as I worked my mouth on his cock. I didn't even bother to try to deep throat him, which I figured was practically impossible. His cock wasn't extremely long, but the thickness was difficult to get between my lips. His cock quickly became slick as saliva and precum coated it. I pulled it from my mouth and milked it from base to tip, causing several large drops of precum to ooze our and run down over my hand. I stroked his firm shaft, using the slippery mixture as lube as Jim began lifting his hips up and meeting my strokes. 

I continued sucking the tip and stroking him for several minutes, all the while Jim was gyrating his hips and thrusting upwards to fuck my hand. I was getting better and had almost half of his cock in my mouth when he stopped me and stood me up. Jim kissed me deeply as he held me in his arms. As our tongues played against each other, Jim began walking me backwards towards his room. When we were almost there, he turned me around and pulled my back against his chest as we took small steps towards his bed.

Jim's cock was pressed against my lower back as he kissed my neck and shoulders. He kissed his way down and pushed me forward, bending me over his bed. Before I knew what was happening, Jim buried his tongue deep into my ass, gripping my hips and pulling me tightly against his mouth. 

"Ooooohh fuck," I cried out, "oh god that feels so fucking good."

My senses were in over drive, my cock was rock hard as Jim's tongue snaked it's way deep into my ass. Jim was more than twice my size and had no problem lifting my ass up off the bed as his large paws gripped my thighs. It was like being mauled by a bear, the way he controlled my thin body. The thought even crossed my mind that if I wanted to get away, I wouldn't stand a chance. Not that I wanted to, but the thought was there and it turned me on immensely.

Jim stood up and flipped me over so that my ass was at the edge of the bed. My rock hard cock slapped against my stomach as he positioned me just right. His cock was pointing straight at my wet hole, drooling precum like a leaky faucet. He pushed my knees up to my chest and gripped my thighs as the tip of his cock nudged my opening. As he applied firm pressure, I could feel the head of his cock begin to slip inside me. 

I stared up at his large solid frame and began to notice the details of his body. His muscle tone, large broad shoulders and the sheen of sweat that covered his skin. The way the veins in his arms were protruding as he gripped his cock and gently pushed forward. My moment of passion was suddenly disrupted by intense pain as his thick cockhead broke through and entered my canal. My body involuntarily jumped and bucked, causing Jim to lose his grip and his cock slipped out.

Jim just smiled down at me, momentarily leaning forward to kiss my belly before retrieving several items from his drawer. The first was a jar of lubricant, that he gently spread into the crevice of my cheeks, followed by a slender plug that he was able to work inside me. After experiencing the thickness of his cock, this plug felt wonderful and slid in effortlessly. 

Jim produced a little brown vial of liquid as he knelt beside my head. 

"Do as I do." Jim said, holding the vial up to each nostril and taking two deep whiffs.

I did exactly as he said and handed the bottle back to him. As I exhaled my second whiff, Jim gripped his cock and pressed it to my lips. My entire body felt warm and my mind was overwhelmed with lust and an undeniable craving for his cock. I was no longer in control of my body or actions, and I swallowed Jim's entire cock in one gulp. I could faintly hear Jim's moans of pleasure, as if he was in a tunnel, as I feverishly sucked and stroked him.

I lost track of time but eventually my head was clear again and my previous struggles with the size of his manhood returned. Jim got back down between my legs and handed me the vial again. 

"Take three or four this time," he instructed.

I did exactly that, and as I exhaled my fourth whiff, Jim removed the plug in my ass and positioned the tip of his cock at my hole. My body felt like a symphony of new feelings as his cock slowly slid inside me, every nerve ending crying out in pleasure. The euphoria I was feeling was like nothing I'd ever experienced. My entire body felt sexual, and everything was erotic. A wave of lust flowed through me as Jim began sliding his cock in and out while pinching my nipples. My cock was no longer erect but the sensations I was receiving were electric. 

As Jim's thick cock filled me up, my insides were reacting to the stimulation. Something new and exciting was building up inside of me and my body began to tremble. My soft cock began spewing cum as i quivered on Jim's bed, his cock pumping in and out of me, stroking my prostate with each pass. I cried out as I experienced my first internal orgasm, and watched as my cock released more cum like a faucet. Jim slowed for a moment and handed me the vial, of which I took several deep hits. Jim took two and then slammed hard and deep inside of me, and then proceeded to fuck me faster than ever. 

My insides were still in a state of blissful chaos as Jim neared orgasm. He slowed to a steady pace as his body stiffened and his cock became rock hard. As he towered over me, he let out a growl as his cock began firing searing hot jets of cum inside me. I could feel his cum splashing against my insides as he pumped his cock deep.

The twitching and throbbing of his cock against my prostate, along with his cum splattering inside me, sent me into another internal orgasm and my cock spewed even more cum. This orgasm was much stronger than the first one and I temporarily lost control of myself. My entire body shook as I let out a long moan of ecstasy. It took several minutes for me to regain my composure, and when I finally cleared my head, Jim was still slowly sliding his cock in and out of me.

Jim leaned forward and brought his lips to mine, kissing me deeply as he laid his weight down on top of me. I was still in a heightened state of arousal as we kissed, our tongues sliding over one another as he held me tight. My legs were wrapped around him and he continued to slowly, gently fuck me. The sensation of our deep kissing combined with his hard cock sliding in and out of me was unreal. My cock was flat against my stomach as his body slid across it and I became erect for the first time since Jim entered me. I now had two completely different sensations going on, internally, and what I was accustomed to with penile orgasms. As Jim continued fucking me, my cock took control and the internal sensations became less intense. 

Jim was nearing another orgasm and sat upright between my thighs as he fucked me. He took hold of my hard cock and began pumping it as he pumped more cum inside of me. My cock exploded in his hand and shot cum all over my chest as I cried out. Jim collapsed on top of me again and wrapped his arms around me as we both drifted off to sleep.