 Hi, my name is Steve and I want to tell you about how I met Jim and Derek.

I had been going to my local leisure centre for several months when I first got to know Jim and Derek, I had started chatting to them whilst working out in the gym and then I had started meeting them for gym workouts and swimming.

It was after one of our gym workouts when we were stood in the shower cubicles that Jim had invited me round to his house to watch the Sunday afternoon football between the big two teams (Manchester United v Chelsea).

Sure I said, that would be great.

We finished showering and whilst getting dry Jim gave me his home address and his mobile number and with that we finished drying off and getting dressed. We said our goodbyes and headed in different directions.

I woke up around 9am on the Sunday morning and got my hair clippers out and shaved my hair and then showered and shaved, I not only shaved my face but I also shaved my pubic area as I hate pubic hair (just a personal choice). Once I was dry and had brushed my teeth then gargled with my mouthwash I then sprayed on my deodorant and put on my Hugo Boss aftershave. I decided to wear something casual and comfortable so I put on my boxer shorts, trainer socks, polo shirt and tracksuit bottoms and my favourite trainers.

Time seemed to drag a little but I was soon getting into my car and driving the short 15 minute drive to the village that Jim lived in and pulling up in to the driveway of the old converted Farm house that Jim lived in. As I got out of my car Jim had opened his door to greet me and said hello, I smiled and said hello and then he invited me in, he then led me to a door and led me down a set of stairs to his basement den that he had had converted in to a home cinema entertainment area.

Derek was sat there already on a big black leather sofa that stretched round in like a semi circle that would easily seat 5 people comfortably, he waved said hello and smiled.

Hello I said and returned his smile.

Already for the big game, Jim asked.

Yeah, I replied. It should be a good one.

Yeah it should, replied Jim, and then he said wait till you see what I have lined up for the half time entertainment.

Oh yeah, and what have you got lined up, I asked.

Jim smiled and said, wait and see, but I am sure you'll enjoy it.

Jim fixed me and Derek some drinks then we all settled down waiting for the match to kick off.

I sat on the middle of the leather sofa with Jim on my left hand side and Derek on my Right hand side the referee blew the whistle for the game to begin.

The first half was a very fast pace and finished with neither team scoring but the first 45 minutes seemed to fly past such was the end to end action, secretly though I couldn't wait until the half time whistle so I could see what Jim had got lined up for the half time entertainment. The Referee blew his whistle for half time and the players left the field. Jim reached for the remote control and pressed some buttons the channel on the 50 inch plasma screen changed and on the screen appeared this beautiful brunette who was on her knees sucking on this hunky guy's big thick cock.

My eyes sprung open, Derek cheered next to me and Jim just looked at me with a big grin on his face.

See, Jim said, I told you the half time entertainment would be good.

I had sat there watching her sucking his big cock when he pulled his cock from her mouth and started to kiss her working his way down to her small firm tits and watched as he licked them and sucked them I was mesmerised taking in all of the sexual action he kissed his way down her stomach and till he was on his way down to her pussy as his head got lower I suddenly realised that this woman didn't have a pussy she had a cock that was rock hard and about 6 inches long, the young hunk licked up the length of her cock and then slowly took the length of it into his mouth.

My eyes and mouth were both wide open as I was watching him swallowing her cock whilst she was lay there moaning and groaning and telling him to keep sucking her.

I turned and looked at Jim, unbeknown to me whilst I was engrossed in the movie Jim had undone the button and zipper of his jeans and had took out his own thick hard cock which was around 8 inches long and had started stroking it.

I just sat there in silence staring at his magnificent looking cock watching as his hand slid slowly up and down his thick veiny shaft and a small drop of pre cum had oozed from the head of his cock.

It was then that I suddenly remembered Derek, I quickly spun my head around to find that Derek was also sat there stroking his own magnificent looking cock, although it wasn't as thick and as long as Jim's I would say it was a good 6 or 7 inches in length with an average sized girth to it and also unlike Jim's it was uncut.

I hope you don't mind, said Jim, but I always get really horny when I watch someone having there cock sucked.

Errrr, no I replied, I was just a bit surprised, I replied

My own cock had sprung to life; it was similar in size to Derek's and was now bulging through the thin material of my tracksuit bottoms.

I see you also have got a bit excited, said Jim.

Well watching porn movies always gets me Hard and Horny, I replied.

Yeah, said Jim, I just wish it was me having my cock sucked instead.

Jim's cock looked so magnificent that I decided there and then that was going to make his wish come true, I smiled at Jim and said well then let me be your own personal Genie in a bottle. I leaned forward and ran my tongue over the head of his cocking licking up his pre cum and my hungry for cock eyes stared up in to his eyes.

Jim's head titled down to face mine and a moan escaped from his lips.

I wrapped my hand around the base of his cock and started to lick up and down his cock, I re positioned myself so I was on my hands and knees on the sofa and started to lick and suck his big fucking amazing cock.

Jim's hands were on my head and he was saying, oh yeah baby suck my cock take it all into your mouth and down your throat.

I tried to fit it all into my mouth but I could only manage most of it, it was just to long for me to swallow it all, I could see the trails of my own saliva glistening on his cock as my head bobbed up and down on his shaft. Jim's breathing and moaning was growing more and more erratic as my mouth worked its magic on his cock. I felt his cock pulsing and swelling and then I heard him say OH FUCK I'M GOING TO CUM. With that Jim's cum started to pump into my mouth, I started to swallow as much of it as I could drinking it all down my greedy hungry throat.

Jim's body was shaking as I kept his cock in my mouth sucking it and wanking the last few drips from his swollen cock his eyes were rocking back inside his head. I lifted my mouth from off his cock and knelt there looking at him whilst I licked my lips.

Jim lay there his cock growing limp and his face was a picture of well spent sexual pleasure.

Whilst I had been engrossed in sucking Jim's cock I had almost forgot about Derek, I looked at him and he was now totally naked.

Wow, said Derek. That was totally awesome, you really did a number on his cock, I shot my load several minutes ago and pointed at his cum lying on his hairy stomach, it was so fucking hot seeing you sucking his cock.

I stood up and started to take off my clothes, as I stood there naked with my semi hard cock leaking cum I licked my lips and said to Derek, mmmmmmm,let me clean that up for you.

I got back on to the sofa I positioned myself at the side of Derek on my hands and knees leaned forward and started to lick and suck all of his cum from off his body.

Yeah eat all of my cum you horny dirty cum eating slut, said Derek.

I licked up his cum then turned my attentions to his soft cock, I wrapped my lips around his cock and started sucking it cleaning off the rest of the cum that hadn't shot all over his stomach. Derek's cock was still very sensitive and I could feel the little spasms of sexual ecstasy shooting through his legs and body, I could hear the oh fuck yeah suck it and fuck yeah that feels so fucking good being whispered through his gritted teeth. His cock started to swell and grow as I kept licking it and sucking it my hand was playing gently with his balls rubbing and squeezing them.

Derek's cock eventually grew back to its totally hard wonderful looking full size and I was skilfully taking all of it into my mouth and down my throat.

Jim had recovered from the amazing cock sucking he had just received and had stood up while watching me sucking Derek's cock and had stripped off all of his clothes also. He sat himself back down on the sofa and started to rub his hands down the small of my back down over my ass cheeks and down my thighs. I could feel his hands gently rubbing up and down my body I could feel the little waves of excitement and eagerness as his hands moved up and down.

While I continued to suck on Derek's rock hard cock he started to re position himself, he slid his body down on to the seat of the sofa and rested his head on it so his face was directly below my cock, I spread my knees for him to give him more room and to allow him better access.

I felt Derek's lips and tongue sucking and licking at my cock my hips started to move slowly allowing my cock to sink deeper in to Derek's mouth, his warm soft mouth felt totally awesome the images that were running through my mind at this time were ones of sheer dirty horny wickedness wanting to suck there cocks wanting them to suck mine spurring me on to have as much of there cocks as I could handle. Derek had started to get in to a really good rhythm taking all of my cock in to his mouth, I myself was taking all of Derek's cock in to my mouth then all of a sudden I felt a jolt of pleasurable electricity shoot through my entire body. Jim had parted my ass cheeks and had started to lick my ass.

At that first moment I thought I was going to cum there and then or that I was going to faint or both I felt I was in sexual heaven. I lifted my mouth from Derek's cock glanced back at Jim and said, OHHHHHH FUCKKKK YEAHHHHHHHH LICK ME, EATTTT OUT MY ASSS. 

Jim didn't need to be told twice I could feel him spit on my ass and then his face was buried deep in to my ass his tongue flicking and probing teasing my tight hole and then teasing it open with the tip of his tongue as he started to fuck me with his tongue.

I returned my attentions back to Derek's saliva coated cock and started to deep throat him with renewed vigour I had to concentrate on it 100% as the feelings coursing through my body were taking over me. I could feel myself getting close to Cumming, I tried to fight it off but it was no use, the attentions my cock and ass were getting from these two fucking sexual studs meant that I knew I didn't stand a chance of controlling my feelings.

I lifted my mouth off of Derek's cock and managed to splutter out I'MMM GOING TO CUMMMMM.

Derek sucked my cock deep down into his mouth and Jim started to really fuck my ass with his tongue, my body started to shake and then I shot my first load in to Derek's mouth then another and another load shot in to him, I felt my arms and legs grow weak as my body started to slump down on top of Derek's. I had stopped Cumming but Derek was still licking the last few drops from my pee hole, when he had finished he sat back up again and we started to kiss passionately hungrily tongues teeth and lips clashing as the hotness of the sexual encounter rushed through us.

Jim had stopped licking and fucking my ass and I broke away from my kiss with Derek and started sucking on his cock again, I felt a cool liquid running down over my ass and then I again felt jims hands there again massaging the cool wet liquid around and then into my ass, I felt a finger probing in to me and then I felt it curling and twirling inside me the shock waves made my soft cock twitch and my eyes shot open with a look of heavenly bliss in them I felt another finger enter me and again the same in and out motion, curling and twirling inside me, my hunger for Derek and Jim's cocks was out of control I wanted both of them I knew I was going to have both of them all day if my body would allow it.

Jim took his fingers from out of my ass, I looked back at him from over my shoulder and I saw him take his fingers and lick them clean, he smiled at me and said, ready for the real thing.

Oh fuck yeah, am I ever ready. Give me your big hard cock you fucking cock stud, I said.

Jim eased his cock to my tight hole and started to push the head of it in to me, it felt big, really big but I didn't care I just wanted to feel it inside my ass to feel it fucking me. He slowly pushed more of it in to me, my body relaxed itself and I felt the rest of his cock push in to me until he was deep inside of me. Moans of sheer pleasure escaped my lips and the look on my face must have been heavenly then he was withdrawing it back slowly then pushing it back in to me then the rhythm grew faster and faster I started to push myself back on to his cock with every stroke I managed to return my attentions to Derek's cock and started to suck on it again this time though Derek started to thrust his hips upwards fucking my face. 

Here I was having my face and my ass fucked by these two cock studs and I was loving it I couldn't at that time wished to have been anywhere else, the moans and groans coming from the three of us was like a sexual opera, the tones grew louder and longer then I felt Jim's thrusts growing harder and deeper and more erratic and then I heard him scream and his cock swelled and he thrust his cock deep and hard into me and his cum started to shoot into my ass thrust after thrust spilt more of his cum his hands gripping my hips his head threw back like a wild animal he finished Cumming into me, Derek gripped my head and thrust it downwards and thrust his cock upwards as he too started to cum into my mouth my throat gripped the head of his cock and made sure that every drop of cum was swallowed. I felt Jim's softening cock being pulled from my ass then I started to feel the cum dribble out of my freshly fucked asshole. I lifted my head from off of Derek's cock which had been sucked and licked nice and clean.

We all lay there or sat there for several minutes before all agreeing it was time to get ourselves cleaned up and to get a drink and something to eat so we could look forward to tonight's encounters.