 BDSM clubs are absolutely not for everybody, not even people who like BDSM. It takes something that is usually private and brings it right out in the open. The club that I have been a member of for four years allows everything short of fucking in the main hub, the giant area that most people hang out in. Every time I walk in I'm usually greeted with the sounds of somebody being spanked or whipped in the middle of the room. 

I've been a Dom for several years, so there wasn't really anything left that would have surprised me. Because of that, I sometimes forget how outlandish most of these things are to other people. 

One Friday night, I was looking around in the main hub and saw something that wasn't unfamiliar: a lone man sitting alone, nursing a drink and looking uncomfortable to the point of pain. 

I knew the type. Sometimes a guy would get off from spanking a girl or acting dominant and think they would give the BDSM scene a try. But when they got to a club they'd get cold feet and realize that they weren't as into it as they thought. 

I walked up to the man. Even when he was sitting down, I could tell he was tall, and he was pretty well built. He was drinking a beer and looking like he wanted to be somewhere else. 

"Hey there," I greeted. "I don't think I've seen you before." 

He jumped a little when he heard me and looked embarrassed. 

"Oh...yeah, this is my first time going to a club like this." 

I sat down next to him. 

"I know this is a lot, but it doesn't have to be scary. I know most of the people here. They don't bite. At least not without consent." 

He chuckled and grinned sheepishly. 

"I'm not scared, I'm just nervous. I like what I see here, but I just don't know how to approach anybody." 

"Well, you just made your first friend here." I held out my hand. "The name's Ross." 

We shook. "I'm James." 

I looked down at our hands next to each other, his creamy white contrasting nicely with my dark chocolate. 

"I'm a regular Dom at this place. I can hook you up with a sub to play with. What are you into?" 

His face turned red. 

"No...that's not it..." 

I furrowed my brow, then realized what he had to have meant by that. 

"You're a submissive, then?" 

He reddened further and nodded. He looked so embarrassed. 

"I'm sorry, dude. I shouldn't have just assumed like that." 

"No, it's fine. I don't blame you. Why would a guy like me want..." he trailed off. 

I wanted to put my hand on his shoulder, but decided not to. 

"If you don't mind me asking, what made you realize that you wanted to be a sub?" 

He looked down at the bottle he was holding. 

"About a year ago, I discovered that I really got off on porn and erotica about BDSM. Eventually I realized that I only ever wanted to watch things with a male submissive. I...I wanted to be them. I wanted a dominant man or woman to make me theirs." 

I nodded, even though he still wasn't looking at me. Many people start their BDSM journey through porn. 

"It felt...wrong, though. I'd been a lacrosse player all of high school and college and got a body to prove it. I'm taller than most men and almost all women. I couldn't find many videos or stories about subs that looked like me." 

That was true as well. Submission was typically done by the women in heterosexual couples, and all male submissives I had met had small, weak statures. It was often liked to feminization, dropping what made a man masculine and releasing one's inner woman. 

"I know that I'm not alone, it's just weird putting myself out there like this. I have no idea where to start." 

I looked at him more closely. He really was handsome, and as a short man, I sympathized with him when it came to feeling out of place. His body may have been strong, but his body language was vulnerable and weak. I felt compassion flood me. 

Suddenly he flinched, like he just realized something. 

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to ramble like that. I should stop talking your ear off and approach some people." He started to stand. 

"That won't be necessary. I'll help you out." 

His eyes widened. "Really?" 

I nodded. "Absolutely. White boy subs are just my type." I also felt the need to snatch him up before anybody else had the chance to. For some reason, I didn't want to envision another Dominant with him. I wanted him to be mine. 

He still looked surprised. "Wow...thanks!" He glanced over at all the equipment in the center of the room. "So...where do we start?" 

"Slow down, boy. It's better to start small. And I don't think this is the right environment for you. How about you come to my house tomorrow night?" 

"Okay, but...why not now?" 

I grinned mischievously. "You need some time to prepare." I started to imagine all the possibilities, forming a plan for what to do with my new boy. 

We exchanged numbers and I told him I would text him instructions later. 

"Right now your first order is to go home. If you stay here much longer a few other Doms might get some funny ideas. You're mine." 

I saw some excitement in his expression. "Yes, Sir." 

***** 

There wasn't a plan set in stone for our first scene. I would need to know more about what he was after, but I gave him the same orders I would give any sub I wanted to play with. 

The first order was to totally fast from food until he came to my place. Any mouth or ass play would be easier if he was completely empty. I assured him that he would be fed afterwards. 

The second order was for him to shave his face. He had a bit of stubble when I met him at the club, but I want my boys to be shaved bare. I made it clear that it was to be baby smooth from all angles on his face and neck. If I wasn't satisfied with his attempt, he would be turned away at the door. 

Aside from personal preference and convenience, I used orders like this to make sure that the sub is serious. If he couldn't follow basic commands, he wasn't right for me. Also, submissives are often surprised by how good it makes them feel to obey orders, even ones about mundane things. 

James arrived at my house five minutes before the scheduled time. I opened the front door and he greeted me. 

"Hi, Ross." 

I nodded. "Hello, James. Step closer, boy." 

Even though at 32 I probably had a good six to eight years on him, it still felt a little weird calling him "boy," considering how much bigger he was than me. Still, even if he towered over my 5'7", I was determined to treat him how I would any other submissive. 

He approached and I felt his face, gauging how much effort he put into shaving. He did an incredibly thorough job. I couldn't find a single hair anywhere. 

"I see that you followed my order." 

"Yes, Sir. I spent an hour making sure it was perfect for you." 

I caressed his face. "That makes me happy. I trust that you obeyed my other command as well?" 

He nodded. "I haven't eaten anything since last night. I'm emptied out, I promise." 

Good. Time to be nice. I tenderly cupped his cheek and looked him in the eye. 

"I'm glad you've been a good boy." 

He blushed. I could tell he really liked hearing that. "Thank you." 

I led him inside. 

"Before we do anything, I want to make one thing perfectly clear. If at any point, for any reason or for no reason at all, you want this to stop, say 'red light' and I will halt everything without hesitation." 

He nodded. 

"It's imperative that you know this, James. You won't be able to let go if you don't feel safe. I need you to trust me enough to know that you probably won't need it, but I also need to trust you enough to know that you'll use the safe word if you get overwhelmed. Can I count on you?" 

I phrased it that way to spin it as him obeying me as well as keeping himself safe. 

"You can trust me, Ross." 

I grabbed his chin and made him look right at me. 

"What color is the light, boy?" 

He swallowed. "The light is green, Sir." 

I grabbed his head and yanked it downward, pulling him in and kissing him aggressively. I nibbled his lips, ravished his mouth with my tongue, and made him breathe my air. He submitted, letting me own the kiss. 

After a bit, I pulled away, still keeping a death grip on his head. 

"When you're in submission, your name is Jimmy. Is that clear?" 

He nodded. "What do you want me to call you?" 

I shrugged. "Master, Sir, Boss, Daddy, whatever feels right. Just make sure you show respect." 

"Yes, Sir." 

I let go of his head. "Take off all your clothes, Jimmy." 

He immediately started stripping down, baring himself in a few seconds. 

His body was stunning. He was built like a Greek statue, tall and strong, with good definition on his arms and chest and powerful legs. His calves and thighs looked carved from stone, and he had a nice bubble butt made out of pure muscle. 

I felt a twinge of jealousy. I work out and take care of my body, but despite my best efforts I was more wiry and toned than bulked up, not to mention short. But domination and submission was all mental, and I hadn't been a Dom for six years for no reason. 

"My, you're a big boy, aren't you? How tall are you, Jimmy?" 

"I'm six foot flat, Sir." 

Damn. None of my past subs were taller than me by more than an inch or two. No matter. In a little bit he would see me as a giant. 

I grabbed him by the cock and led him to my bathroom. 

"Come, Jimmy boy. We have more to do to get you ready." 

When we got to the shower, I released him and turned on the water. Once it was warm enough, I screwed on the enema attachment. 

"Bend over, boy. I need your pussy to be clean." 

Once I was finished douching him, I moved on to the main attraction: shaving his cock and balls. Ideally, I'd want my boy to be completely hairless, but for the time being removing his pubes would go a long way. I had done it to several subs in the past, so I was good at it. I shaved him thoroughly and gently until he was hairless. 

With no pubic hair, cocks look bigger when erect, but can often look smaller when flaccid. James was soft, so next to his smooth pubic area and thick thighs his dick looked tiny and useless. When he saw his new cock, he got a look that told me it excited him. 

I purred into his ear. 

"Look at that thing. It's tiny, isn't it? But it's better this way. Look at the skin. It's so smooth. It's like velvet." 

His penis twitched. I grinned. 

"I just took away all the masculinity from your prick, and you let me. You want this. You want to be my whore." 

He gulped and nodded. I stroked his velvety shaft, feeling it grow in my hand. 

"This is mine now. All mine. You're not allowed to touch it." 

"Yes...yes, Sir." 

I patted his bubble ass. "Good boy. Now that you know your place we can begin." 

I held on to his now completely hairless dick and pulled him with me to my room. By the time we got there, he was fully erect and about six and a half inches long. I was hard too, my boner tenting my pants. 

"On your knees, Jimmy boy." 

"Yes, Sir." 

He sat on his legs and I moved his arms so he was resting them on his legs, palms up, in the classic pose of complete submission. 

I stood over my sub, reveling in how I was above him now. 

"I empathize with you, boy. I too have a body not typical for the role I want to play, but over the years I have made things work. I want to take you under my wing and teach you what I know." 

I took off my shirt, using the cross-armed removal method that men make look so casual in porn but isn't exactly intuitive. I was proud of my chest. I had nice pecs and a six pack he didn't have. His eyes were wide. 

"You like what you see, slut?" 

He nodded. "You're so sexy, Master." 

James had shifted from "Sir" to "Master." I liked where this was going. 

"Of course I am. This is a real man's chest." 

I grabbed his arm and put his hand on my face, making him feel my beard and moustache. 

"This is a real man's face. Feel the difference between you and me." He stroked his own baby smooth face and he got that excited look he had when he saw his shaved cock. 

I grinned smugly. "I'm one of the most popular Doms at that club, Jimmy. Sub boys like you want me so badly, and you know why?" 

Without waiting for him to answer I took off my pants and underwear in one quick move. 

My boy gasped. 

I might have gotten the short end of the stick when it came to height and build, but I won the lottery when it came to my endowment, being blessed with a true-blue big black cock. Standing in my wiry bush was an absolute monster, nearly nine inches long and thick as a soda can. 

"It's...it's so big!" 

I wanted to laugh at his stunned expression. 

"This is a real man's cock. Nothing like that useless little clit you have." 

I stooped down so he could see our dicks next to each other. He had a respectable member, for sure. It had decent thickness and more length than was average, but next to mine his cock looked so tiny. 

I put his hand on my penis. 

"Feel its power, Jimmy boy. This cock is going to turn you into the submissive little bitch you've always been on the inside." 

He looked shocked, and maybe a little scared, but to my amazement those emotions were slowly overtaken by lust. 

"Yes...yes, please, Master! Please turn me out! Make me your pussyboy!" 

I grinned wider. This kid was quite a find. I was very happy I snagged him before anyone else could. 

I put his hands behind his back. 

"I have handcuffs, but will only use them if you can prove to me you don't need them. Keep your wrists together, either behind your back or above your head." 

"Yes, Master." 

I put my cock in his face and told him to kiss, nuzzle, and sniff it. He obeyed, getting more and more enticed. 

"You want this in your mouth, don't you, slut?" 

He nodded desperately. 

"Beg for it." 

"Please Master, feed your whore! I need you to fuck my face! I want to be your bitch!" 

I rubbed my tip against his mouth, precome painting his lips. 

"You ever sucked a cock, boy?" 

He shook his head. 

"Well, I'm gonna teach you. Open up." 

He complied and I shoved my cock in his mouth. I instructed him to lick and worship the head, and he obeyed with gusto. 

After a bit, I grabbed his ears and told him to still. He looked up at me, his eyes so wide and trusting. 

"Despite how it may feel, the gag reflex is voluntary. You can override it." 

Without warning I shoved forward and hit the back of his throat. He gagged hard. 

"I'm going to do that over and over. You're going to get used to it and not gag. Concentrate, boy." 

Again and again I rammed my cock in his mouth. His jaw was already stretched to its limit to open wide enough, and I showed no mercy, knowing there was no food in his body to throw up. Before long, his eyes were rolled back in his head and tears were streaming down his cheeks. Every twenty seconds or so, I pulled out completely so he could catch his breath and possibly tell me to stop, but he really did seem up to the challenge. 

It didn't take long for him to relax. He opened wide gladly. He was okay with me deciding when he could breathe instead of him. He repressed his gag reflex. Eventually my thrusts didn't even make him flinch. 

"That's a good little whore." 

With the next thrust I pushed further and it went down his throat. He was surprised, but didn't gag. I was shocked. 

"You were born to suck cock, boy. I've never met such a natural." 

His cheeks turned red at my praise. I thrusted harder and faster until I was fucking his face. Right as it felt like I was about to come, I pulled all the way out. He whined. 

"No, Master! Please put your cock back in my mouth!" 

"That's not for you to choose. Get on the bed." 

He looked legitimately disappointed that I wouldn't come in his mouth, but obeyed me. I got him on his stomach, his arms above his head, wrists still together. He let me mold his body without resistance. 

"You're mine, boy. I need to mark my territory. I'm gonna brand you like a prize steer." 

I got down and took a big bite of his back, stopping right before I would draw blood. I pulled back, stretching his skin and growling like a wild animal. When I let go, he moaned, and I looked down at the giant mark he had on his back. I kissed and licked it, trying to soothe the pain. 

I moved upward, tenderly kissing the nape of his neck and his ears. He was whimpering, crying. I needed to know if he was okay. 

"What color is the light, James?" 

He took a deep, ragged breath. "It's still green, Ross. I'm loving this. What's wrong with me?" 

I ran my fingers through his hair. "Nothing is wrong with you, Jimmy boy. It's okay. Let me take care of you." 

He nodded, still weeping. "Yes, Master." 

I crooned and petted him as he calmed himself down. He quieted after a few minutes. 

"Are you okay, pet?" 

"I am, Master." 

"Good, because I feel like fucking your pussy." 

After grabbing some KY liquid I rolled him over and forcefully pushed his legs back, locking him in the missionary position. I told him to hold his legs as I finger fucked him. He moaned and sighed, his hole blooming open and softening. 

"You're a true pussyboy, Jimmy. Is this really your first time?" 

"I've experimented with insertion before, but nothing like this." 

I jabbed his prostate, hearing him yip. "Well, your pussy feels great." 

I kept fingering him and I felt him moving with me, wanting to stretch further and take more. The kid was either quite the cockwhore or the two of us were a good match for each other. I was really hoping it was the latter. 

After I could slip in four fingers I put on a condom and used my hands to shove his legs back. 

"Beg for me to fuck you." 

He started pleading, but I kept myself stone-faced. He kept getting more desperate. As minutes passed, the pitch of his voice went up. His masculinity slipped away and he allowed himself to become a needy little girl. 

Eventually he started telling me what I wanted to hear. 

"Fuck me, Master! Fuck my pussy! I need it! I need you inside me! Please, take what's yours! Take my virginity!" 

"How do I know you wouldn't say that to any other Dom?" 

He whined. "I don't want anybody else! I want you!" He was utterly sincere. I looked him in the eye and saw his tears. 

Never had a sub ripped themselves open and let me look inside them like that. I felt honored. This young man was something else. 

I shoved forward, ripping open his cherry with one thrust. 

"AAAH! THANK YOU SO MUCH, MASTER!" he cried. 

I pushed in until I was fully penetrated. He was crying, though I suspected they weren't purely tears of joy. 

"This is hurting you, isn't it?" 

He gritted his teeth. "A little, but please don't stop! I can handle it." 

I put two fingers at his lips. "Nurse on these. It will help you calm down." 

He suckled on my fingers like an infant and I kept myself fully buried in him. He relaxed in a few minutes. 

"Hold on tight, Jimmy boy." 

He wrapped his arms around me and I fucked him hard, kissing him and grinding my cock against his prostate. Not long after I felt his cock burst and shoot come between us. He squealed. 

"I did that to you, boy. I'm the one who gave you that orgasm." 

He nodded. "You're right. Thank you, Master!" 

I adjusted my angle and made myself come, too. I pulled out and admired my handiwork. His asshole was stretched wide open. It gave me a new idea. 

"Get on your front. Keep your hands together and stick your ass in the air." 

He moved to present his boy pussy to me. I pushed his legs apart, widening him into a rude position. He turned his head to the side so he could look my way. 

"What are you doing, Master?" 

"A pussy as hungry as yours wouldn't be satisfied with just a cock." I covered my entire hand in lube and his eyes widened in realization. 
