 Jimmy was the most beautiful boy you could ever imagine. Sandy brown hair, light brown eyes, sleek slender body. But what turned me on the most was his complexion. He was so fair, his skin was milky white, soft & smooth. He had the cutest smile, so warm & tender. He was neat & clean and always dressed impeccably. A most attractive young Man indeed. To say I was enamored with Jimmy was an understatement.

Another thing I loved about Jimmy was the way he walked. He sort of, glided down the street. At times he would walk with his arms folded in front of him. Which I found most effeminate and greatly increased my desires for dear Jimmy.

Jimmy had to be the sweetest, most innocent, soft spoken mild manned person anyone could imagine. Just one look and you knew he was Gay. Which of course isn't always easy. So I guess he was very guarded. 

Although I was only four years older than Jimmy, we never interacted, in spite of living on the same block our entire lives. I always had a cordial relationship with his Mom Janice, who was a single parent, but Jimmy & I never spoke.

The warm air was starting to take hold that early spring, so after dinner each night I would take to the front steps for some relaxation. To my great delight Jimmy would come passing bye each evening like clockwork. He would cast a passing glance my way but was too shy to say hello.

If he only knew how much I wanted to get acquainted with him or the burning fever I had in my heart. But still neither one of us took the first step.

In bed at night I'd gently stroke my cock thinking about Jimmy. Oh my God I wish he knew how similar we actually were. We were such a perfect match.

You see I too was an effeminate Gay Male. Perhaps not to the degree of Jimmy's feminism. But truthfully I was always girlish in my ways. A bit softer & more tender than most all guys. My attraction to Women's clothing, makeup & style had manifested itself in early childhood. A few years ago my Homosexual tendencies began bubbling to the surface & my obsession with Men & their hard cocks now controlled my mind. 

Waiting any longer to approach Jimmy was unimaginable. That night I waited for Jimmy to take his walk, soon my spirits leaped with joy. Here he came, he was so beautiful!. As he sauntered bye his eyes never left mine as his head tilted back towards me with a longing inviting gaze.

I called to Jimmy, "Waite Up Jimmy." 

Quickly running over, I asked if he was going for a walk. He smiled sheepishly & replied he was going for a little walk. Wow, after all this time we finally spoke to one another. It wasn't so hard.

Now the flood gated opened up, we had broken the ice. We walked a couple of blocks just chatting casually. Finally I asked if he was going anywhere specific? Jimmy said he had intended to walk to the park at 7th & Lombard. I said, "Oh, Star Garden Park?" He laughed & said, you know it? Yes of course.

This park was a known meeting place for Homosexual men. It wasn't strictly Gay but mainly. It also attracted people into the occult & such. Actually it was a very nice spot.

Jimmy said he went there to hang out and that he sometimes would see an older guy he meet there a few weeks earlier. 

It was twilight by the time were got to the park. There were couples of Men together & also Men & Women couples gathered around the seating area. Jimmy & I took a seat looking around. I got up the nerve to ask Jimmy if he was having sex with the older fellow. Jimmy nervously replied he was and that he was attracted to the older men in general. Jimmy was only eighteen.

He described the guy, named Sam, as a gray haired gentleman who befriended Jimmy & eventually took Jimmy to his nearby home where Jimmy sucked Sam's Cock. Jimmy was really opening up to me now, he said he was very oral & love sucking Cock. He started describing Sam's Cock as being big & thick. 

Jimmy had me so aroused by his admission, my dick was as hard as a rock! I confessed to Jimmy that I too loved a big Cock, that we had so much in common, and that I was so incredibly attracted to him for some time.

A huge smile filled Jimmy's face. He exclaimed, "Oh Philip, I've been in love with you for years!" I was shocked, but of course delighted to hear the truth. 

Taking Jimmy's hand in mine, I looked into his eyes began to tell him how much I admired him & that I wanted to be his best friend. That I hoped we could soon become lovers. How I always had sweet dreams of us being together. That at this point nothing else mattered.

We instinctively began hugging each other, it had become dark by then and no one else there even realized what we were doing, not that we cared. Jimmy felt so good in my arms, we fit one another like a lock & key.

Breaking our warm embrace, I took Jimmy by the hand and led him to a more isolated part of the park behind the maintenance building. There I tasted Jimmy's soft sweet lips for the first time. This was our seminal moment, it was unworldly! The sensation rushing through my brain the highest of highs. 

Our Cocks busting through our pants pressed up against each others legs. It seemed Jimmy had a nice surprise waiting for me to explore.

Suddenly we heard someone coming so we broke off our interlock and hand in hand scurried out of Star Garden Park. A place I now would always hold dear in my memory. 

For Jimmy & myself, our story was only beginning.