 The next day turned out to be one of the best of my life. I woke, showered, blow dried my hair, at that time I had shoulder length hair. I slipped on this pair of sheer, nude colored briefs, very Gay. My Cock looking delightful encased in the nylon. Sprayed on an ample amount of cologne. Choosing a nice pair of dress shorts & a button down shirt. I looked good & felt even better. 

My intention was to go down and knock on Jimmy's door but I was anxious to his Mother's response. 

She had to know he was Gay, I'm sure he had other Gay friends, I thought. However I never was the bravest or boldest. Somehow I overcame my trepidation, mainly through my amorous desires for Jimmy.

Knock, knock. His Mom Janice opens the door, warmly smiling & without hesitation, greets me & invites me into her home. Well I guess Jimmy told her because it seemed like she was expecting me. Jimmy, she called upstairs, Philip is here for you. Was I ever.

Seconds later, Jimmy came walking down the stairs. A glowing, proud smile on his angelic face. If anyone was ever born Gay, it was Jimmy. My heart raced with exhilaration. Think back to when you were young & your first romantic encounters. It is so special. so new, so ecstatically joyous. I could not sit still I was so aroused.

Jimmy was wearing a white skinny ribbed shirt with an unbelievably flamboyant pair of silky yellow short shorts. Hay, it was the 70's!

Trying to hold back my primal emotions were very difficult. Janice could sense we were aching for one another. God bless her, she accepted her son's homosexuality and realized his need for Male companions. I believed she was happy I was the one knocking on her door for Jimmy. 

We stood there looking at each other not knowing exactly what to do next. Janice saved the moment by suggesting we should go down to the basement rec room. Thanks Mom.

Down we went, literally & figuratively. After a short while his Mon brought down some juice & crackers for me & Jimmy. She said she was going out for awhile & would be back soon. 

Now we were alone in a safe haven. Together we lay on an oversized bean bag. Silently, gazing into one another's eyes, I slowly stroked Jimmy's beautiful face, Jimmy blushing. Gradually I began to caress his Semi erect Penis, it felt so wonderful thru the silky shorts. Jimmy stretched out his body like a pampered pussy cat. Ceasing the opportunity I slid off his satin hot pants & not surprisingly, a pair or Woman's fish net panties. His now fully erect Penis, basking in Magnificent Phallic Glory, before my wanton eyes.

OMFG! It was so BEAUTIFUL! 7 sleek inches, smooth White mouthwatering. If a Cock can be Feminine, Jimmy's in some way was. It was perfect!

Now I would put my oral talents to work on the boy who would become my lover for years to follow.

Lying in between Jimmy's legs, I gently grasp the gorgeous Serpent with both hands feeling the blood throbbing in the veins. Opening both hands I cradled my prize securely gazing wondrously at every inch, every nuance of the Penis. The glans sloping perfectly to form that celestial intersection on the underside of the Cock Head I find so erotically tantalizing!

The Sulcas was shinny smooth. wide. Delectable. Jimmy's shaft had a slightly visible dorsal vein on the otherwise perfectly smooth organ. His balls a tight round bundle of pure joy to a Cocksucker like myself 

While adoring Jimmy's Cock with my eyes I realized how totally addicted I had become to the Male Penis. The undeniable power it had over me & my inability to resist it's allure. Hypnotized deliriously by Cock's beauty, power & glory. I submissively lusted to worship at the alter of the Priapus, my ruler, my GOD! 

Now I lowered my head & kissed the crown of Jimmy's Penis, as I did this for the first time I glanced up to look at Jimmy, he just bit his lip. I continued kissing the Penis all around the head & down the underside of the shaft. Now I began using my tongue, Frenching the head & the pee hole. Jimmy stiffened up, for a second I thought he was gonna blow. Then I started truly sucking his Cock like I knew how. Taking it deep into my slutty mouth, I allowed it to touch the back of my throat. Then I let it slid out all the way to the tip & then quickly back all the way down. Again & again. Aggressively I gave the most ardent head I had ever provided. I'd stop for a second then retreat to a loving blow job style I had perfected.

Jimmy was railing in uncontrollable spastic contractions, thrashing from side to side. I had to fight to keep his Cock in my mouth & keep blowing. 

Mutual ecstasy was about to be achieved as Jimmy ejaculated his sweet sperm into my mouth... the fist torrent hit the back of my throat!

Anyone who has ever sucked a Cock knows this is the ultimate pleasure. The feel of the hot fluid hitting the back of the Cocksuckers throat is the 

greatest reward. The feeling for me is hard to describe, it's so fucking awesome! 

I gasped as it hit, my mind transcended into another dimension. Then realizing I had to swallow the rest of Jimmy's orgasm, which I took completely down, gulping each pulsing glob willingly & thankfully.

The taste of Jimmy's semen was a salty delicious nectar and the aroma which completely saturated the ambient air was intoxicating & allowed me to remain in that special sexual Valhalla Jimmy & I had created. 

We then held each other snugly, I kissed Jimmy long & deep. We would lay there together for some time basking in the afterglow of our first sexual encounter. How could we ever top this? 

Stay tuned.