 The first time Paul saw men having sex together was one day when he was out walking the dog. He noticed a small crowd gathered in a clearing through the trees and curiosity got the better of him and he moved in closer.

What he saw surprised and shocked him. He had thought that perhaps a straight couple were going at it in the centre of the small group, or that a woman was giving the guys blow jobs. But no! What he saw was this great big mountain of a man with a huge, hard beer belly down on his knees in front of a guy who was wanking on a very dark and angry looking dick that must have been a good ten inches. Paul had never seen such a huge cock before and he was simply mesmerized.

The guy who was down on his knees had a short blonde moustache and very red lips. He had short cropped blonde hair and a tattoo and nipple piercing. He looked somehow like the kind of guy you wouldn't want to meet on a dark night and yet here he was down on his knees clearly desperate for the guy with the outsized cock to cum on him! Paul had come across gay porn once or twice on the internet, but he had only been mildly fascinated. This was different; he was riveted. Tying the dog up to a tree Paul inched closer.

'Jizz me with your jerk juice!' he heard the blonde bear beg.

Paul felt his face flush as lust and desire coursed through his veins. He looked around at the other guys who were all whacking their wangers. The sight of all those hard dicks just made his cock harder still; what the hell was happening to him. This was way off the Kinsey scale, he had gone from straight to gay in the space of a few seconds. His rational brain shut down as rampant lust took full control. Whipping out his cock Paul began to stroke off as he edged himself into a space that had opened up in the circle of jerking horny studs. He stole a quick glance around him: three black haired men, two brown, one redhead and two mousy blondes and a totally bald guy were assembled there. Two small cocks, four average and three above average were on display. The biggest surprise was the guy kneeling in the circle. His cock was enormously thick, so thick that there would be no way you get the fingers of one hand around it.

The guy with the ten inch tool who was standing in front of the blonde bear began moaning softly. A ripple of excitement shivered through the small crowd. The blonde bear opened his mouth wide and waggled his tongue at the hung dude. The sight of this outrageously pornographic gesture got to Paul. Usually it took him ages to cum, but this time his orgasm arrived almost announced.

'Oh shit!' he wailed 'I'm gonna cum!'

The big blonde bear quickly scooted over to where Paul was and positioned himself for a face full of cream. Paul grunted and let fly a huge load; the first jet went right down the horny bear's throat while the other blasts of man juice splatted onto face and neck. He greedily licked his lips and prepared to receive the load of the first guy who now creamed off a massive load on the bear's chest and face. Suddenly cocks were exploding all over the place. The white stuff flew and the ecstatic growls and grunts of satisfied men filled the air. The smell of fresh cream was heavy in Paul's nostrils as he quickly zipped up and fled.

A few days later Paul had to get his auto sorted out and he booked it in for a service. He about fell flat on his back when he stepped out of his vehicle and saw the blonde bear standing there in a pair of coveralls that left little to the imagination. His fat cock and big balls were clearly on display and in the rear the fabric rode right up the cleft of his firm, shapely ass. Without realizing it Paul broke out in a sweat and flushed beet red.

You're not embarrassed are you?' the blonde chub asked.

'It...it was my first time.' Paul blurted out. 'I'd never done anything like that before.'

'Really?' the big guy asked 'You want to get together and do a little more?'

Paul's brain wanted to say no but somehow he found himself saying yes. He arranged to go out with Chuck that very evening. Paul felt his heart pounding with fear and anxiety he made an excuse to his wife and slipped off to see Chuck, who had serviced his auto by this time. The two men went downtown and shot some pool and drank some beer. So far it all seemed perfectly normal to Paul, but each and every time he looked at Chuck he knew that this was no ordinary boys night out. He wanted this man! Wanted him in every way, wanted to be possessed by him and used by him.

Paul was relieved when Chuck suggested they head back to his place as he couldn't very well stay out all night. His mouth was dry and his pulse rate up as they made their way into Chuck's living room. It was the single most exciting thing he had ever done in his life, gone home with a big beefy, masculine man to be used as his sexual plaything. Everyone at work thought he was a boring geek, but they didn't know shit.

'Want another beer?' Chuck asked.

'I better not.' Paul replied, 'my wife will become suspicious if I stay out too late.'

'In that case we'd better make use of what little time we have.' Chuck replied.

Paul felt dwarfed as Chuck wrapped his burly arms around him. Chuck pulled him into a kiss that took his breath away; it was both tender and urgent at the same. His large hands roamed up and down Paul's body, making his hard cock twitch in his underpants. He reached round and grabbed a handful of Chuck's big beefy ass and ground his hard cock against Chuck's beercan thick member. A river of precum was already flowing out of Paul's cock by the time Chuck unbuttoned his fly and began to unzip him. Soon they were both naked, skin to skin and man to man. It was just the most amazing feeling in the world.

Chuck bodily picked Paul up and carried him into the bedroom. He laid him down on the bed and began to kiss him again. The two men groped each other as they kissed, desperate for fuck fun but also keen to prolong the sensuality of kissing and cuddling. It was Chuck who made the first move and broke free from Paul. He kissed down Paul's smooth chest, stopping to tease his tiny brown nipples before kissing down his flat belly and on to his well developed, hairy thighs. He kissed all the way down to Paul's feet and then began sucking his toes, one by one. Paul thrashed about on the bed; it was just the most exotic and erotic thing that had ever happened to him but of course at that stage he knew not what was yet to come.

Chuck kissed up Paul's sexy legs and spent some time kissing the back of his knees before moving up his thighs. He skirted around his ass and kissed the small of his back and then nibbled up his spine. Paul was a quivering wreck as Chuck licked his shoulders and then started to nibble on his earlobes. Chuck reached down between his own legs and tugged on his heavy cock and squeezed it tight until he could feel a heavy a drop of excitement juice appear in the slit. He smeared the cooling gel around his bulbous cock head and then turned his attentions back to Paul.

He kissed back down his smooth, muscular, bronzed back. When he reached Paul's ass he massaged the smooth, white cheeks and lusted after the tight reddish brown pucker hole that lay in the centre, surrounded by a few wisps of silky smooth dark hair. It was a beautiful asshole, if ever there was one and Chuck hoped that one day he would have the pleasure of fucking it but for now he was prepared to make do with another pleasure. Paul let out a loud cry of surprise as Chuck's tongue skimmed over his wrinkled walnut and teased the sensitive skin around it. This was beyond his wildest imagination and when Chuck's tongue began a serious assault on his ring's defences Paul surrendered to this shocking pleasure.

He thrashed about on the bed as wave after wave of pleasure spread from his asshole and pulsed through his whole body. His ass instinctively was lifted off the bed to allow Chuck greater access. Chuck now licked his thumb and then gently eased it into Paul's slick asshole. The novice whimpered in pleasure as Chuck tickled Paul's balls with the fingers of the same hand while his thumb gently frigged his virgin hole. Chuck's other hand reached under Paul and grabbed hold of his seven inch rod which was bulging under the pressure of the trapped blood that engorged it. He gently tugged on Paul's cock while thumbing his asshole and teasing his balls.

It was too much for Paul. He could feel the soles of his feet start to tingle. He cried out to warn Chuck that he was close and Chuck just went into overdrive with the pleasant service he provided. Paul blacked out for a second or two before ejaculating so forcefully it caused his whole body to shudder and a slight pain to shoot through his cock. On the first spurt Chuck whipped his thumb out of Paul's ass and that just seemed to make his orgasm more violent and exciting. His groans filled the room as his masculine juices blasted out of him. He was a totally spent man and he slid back down onto the bed into a sticky puddle of his own making.

Chuck decided that it was too late for them to do anything further so he urged Paul to hurry home before he got into real trouble, but only after promising that he would come back real soon. It was one promise Paul was more than happy to make.

Copyright 2006 Daniel Blue