 I was sitting close to Mister B while he drove us home. My head resting on his shoulder, and unbelievably, my right hand between his slightly parted thighs cradling his scrotum. His balls were very heavy in my small hand.

The fear and panic I'd experienced moments earlier had subsided into resignation and regret.

How could I have been so naive? I wondered over and over. John, you've known him over a month – you knew darn well how much he has wanted you all this time. You knew he would do anything to have sex with you – how could you not see this coming?

The car slowed down then stopped at a red light.

He said, "Kiss me, boy!"

What could I do? I had no choice but to turn my face to his and kiss him full on the mouth.

When the light turned green he patted my head and said, "Joanie, don't be so sad...I already gave you the greatest orgasm of your life and there will many, many more to come – so to speak, hahaha..."

I didn't respond but I had to grudgingly and ashamedly agree with him. The climax he'd given me had been overwhelmingly mind-numbing even though he'd made me cum in my briefs. I glanced down at the huge wet stain on the crotch of my beige shorts. It amazed me how quickly the hot sperm and semen that exploded from my prick had turned so cold inside my undies.

"W-What are you going to do with the, uh, video?" I cautiously asked him.

"I think of that as my insurance policy, sweetie," he replied.

I was confused. "Insurance policy? Insurance for what?" I asked him.

"Joanie, let me just say that over the years I've met several boys like you..." he began. "Boys who need extra motivation and a purpose in life. That is why I made the video."

I was becoming frustrated with his mysterious answers. "I don't understand," I sighed exasperated.

"You are a headstrong and independent boy...just because you performed for me once doesn't guarantee your obedience to me in the future...if I hadn't shown it to you would you be holding my balls for me right now?" he asked.

"No...no I guess not," I grudgingly admitted to him.

"Of course not," he said. "A boy like you...a boy so far in denial – a boy so out of touch with reality sometimes needs a hard slap across the face to wake him up. Do you understand?"

Oh yeah, it was crystal clear. "You're going to use the video to blackmail me into having more sex with you!"

"Oh sweetie, 'blackmail' is such a harsh term...like I said, I consider the video as my insurance policy...here, I want you to watch it again..." he said handing me his cell phone.

I had to hold it in my left hand and he hit 'play.' I was forced to once again watch my degradation. This time, however, I concentrated on listening to the audio. I was so shocked by what I saw the first time he showed it to me, I didn't really hear all of his comments.

The video begins with his long and slender cock already in my mouth. He'd had me go slow at first, my head barely moving up and down his erection; his hard cock disappearing into my mouth a fraction-of-an-inch at a time.

For a brief moment, I felt a surge of hope. The camera angle was such that it showed the top of my head, my forehead and nose, and I could clearly see his hard penis sliding in and out between a pair of lips, but the rest of my face was almost unrecognizable.

Sure, I know it is me doing that for him, but could anyone else swear that it was me sucking his cock?

"Ohhh yes, that feels sooo good, Johnny...I can already tell you love sucking cock..."

He hadn't begun videoing until after his initial instructions of "be careful with your teeth – do not bite it" and "always keep your tongue moving firmly on the cock in your mouth."

"Ohhh, you're such a good boy, Johnny...your tongue feels wonderful...move your head up and down a little faster now...ohhhh, that is perfect – keep sucking just like that, Johnny!"

Suddenly the hairs on the back of my neck stood straight – what the hell? He'd pronounced my name perfectly, not once – not twice - but three times!! He didn't say 'Joanie" - he clearly said 'Johnny' – the excuse that I didn't understand his southern accent had been phony all along!

"Ohhh yes, suck my cock, Johnny...you are a wonderful little cocksucker!"

He quit talking for a minute or two. All I could hear were his moans of pleasure, and the wet, sucking noises coming from my mouth. They were the most obscene sounds I'd ever heard.

A moment of clarity washed over me. The boy in the video appeared to be totally into the cock in his mouth. The groans coming from his throat grew louder and deeper. He enthusiastically quickened his pace. His head rapidly bobbing up and down on the pole of flesh in his mouth displayed his eagerness to provide the man he was servicing with as much pleasure as possible.

I thought: Oh my God...anyone seeing this would automatically assume the boy absolutely LOVES sucking cock! How did this happen? What was I thinking?

"I'm getting close, Johnny – keep sucking – go faster...yes, oh yes...here it comes, Johnny, swallow it all Johnny – oh yes, swallow my cum Brandon John Michaels – good boy, don't spill a drop – swallow it all Brandon John Michaels – yes – yes – YESSSSSSSSS..."

Any hopes I had about not being recognizable in the video were crushed while Mister B was ejaculating in my mouth and I was madly gulping it down – he'd called out my full name TWICE!

When I licked the last dribble of cum from his slit, that's when he had reached for my crotch and squeezed my throbbing prick. All hell broke loose inside my undies.

"Mister B – oh my God – oh my God – ohmygod-ohmygod-ohmygod-ohmygod-ohmygod..."

The final scene of the video might be the most damning. I was still in the afterglow of orgasm and didn't notice the cell phone pointed at me.

"Sweetie, use your lips and tongue to clean my cock, okay?" he said to me.

I could forgive the dreamy expression on my face due to the orgasm, but the way I smiled at him and replied, "Yes, Mister B" was inexcusable.

And when the camera followed my head to his crotch and caught my tongue slowly and lovingly lapping-up the remaining sperm and semen from his now-flaccid penis, I knew for sure I could never let anyone else in the world ever see this video.

*** 

We were close to home. The light where we turn left changed to red and Mister B said, "Joanie, give me a kiss."

I couldn't let it go this time. "Why do you call me that? You distinctly said 'John' and 'Johnny' in the video – why do you keep calling me 'Joanie'?"

"Sweetie, don't be upset...'John' is an old and distinguished name throughout history...there were many great and manly men named 'John'...try not to take this the wrong way, but I just don't see you like them...when we met and you said your name was 'John' – I immediately thought 'Joan' was a more appropriate name for you."

Huh? What does that mean?

We turned the corner and half way down the block he pulled into his driveway and parked in the open garage.

There was enough light in the garage so when he turned to me I saw the smile on his face.

"Joanie," he said, "...about that kiss..."

I sighed and pressed my lips to his. A soft, gentle, lingering kiss.

When he pulled away from me, he said, "Joanie, give my penis a kiss before you put it away and fasten my clothes."

Huh? What? He's got to be kidding me!

I saw in his eyes he was deadly serious so I didn't protest. When I lowered my head and grasped the base of his prick I found he was getting hard already. I kissed it midway up the shaft.

"The cockhead, Joanie, always kiss the cockhead and give it a lick over the slit," he softly explained.

It was the single most humiliating act I'd ever performed for another human being. The funny thing is, between his dirty commands and my meek obedience to him, I sprung another boner inside my cum-soaked briefs.

When my task was completed I sat upright and Mister B blatantly stared at the small tent in my shorts.

He laughed and said, "Oh yes, you are a precious little boy...you have so much to learn but I have a feeling you're going to love every minute of it!"

My face turned beet red and my boner twitched and pulsated. Once again I had to ask myself: What the hell is wrong with me?

Outside the car, Mister B walked towards the door leading to the house. I started to walk for the open garage door.

"Where are you going?" he asked me.

"I need to go home and change clothes," I stammered defensively looking down at the huge wet stain on my shorts.

"Nonsense," he shot back at me. "I have clothes here you will wear."

WOW. His choice of language startled me. Shouldn't he have said, 'I have clothes here you 'can' wear?

I walked to him as he was pressing the button to close the garage door. I heard the straining gears as the door slowly lowered.

Mister B walked inside the house but I couldn't help staring at the quickly disappearing sunshine and light of the outside, free world.

Mister B shook me from my reverie. "Joanie, come inside!"

My hands began to tremble as I stepped into the house and he slammed the door closed behind me.

***

"Sweetie, you'll feel better after a shower," he said as I followed him into his bedroom thinking I'd rather he call me 'Joanie' than 'Sweetie.'

I have seen his room and have used the master bathroom in the past. A huge bedroom with a king-size bed, and a large bathroom with not only a walk-in shower but a bathtub as well.

Both rooms reek of money. I knew Mister B was a very wealthy man, but I have never heard how he made, or makes his money.

He sat at a large oak desk, fired-up his computer and said over his shoulder to me, "Joanie, take off your clothes and lay them on the bed!" like it was the most natural thing in the world to say to a guest.

In what was maybe my last act of defiance, I stood motionless near the bed asking myself 'John, what kind of guy are you? How can you just do whatever he tells you to do? It's not right – be a man and stand up for yourself!'

He pulled his iPhone out of his pocket, connected a cord to the phone and plugged the other end into the computer.

"I'm going to download our sexy video so we can watch it whenever we want...who knows – I may even email it to some people you know so they can watch it too!" he said.

Oh noooooo...I had given him all the email addresses of friends and family back home when I filled out the application for the apartment. I was doomed...

He casually glanced at me and asked, "Are you still dressed?"

My face was now white with fear. An hour earlier in the car it all seemed surreal, almost like I was dreaming I had a hard cock in my mouth. Now though the reality of the situation struck me hard like a slap up-side my head.

My hands began undressing my body but my mind was lost in a far-off fog of despair and uncertainty. There was no longer any question of obeying Mister B. I would have to perform whatever queer-things he wanted, but that doesn't mean I have to lose my dignity and soul.

"I have to go to the bathroom, Mister B," I said to him.

When he turned I saw his eyes drinking in my nudity. He motioned towards the bathroom and said, "Go for it." I felt his eyes on me the whole way.

I lifted the lid and seat and Mister B called out, "No Joanie, that's wrong!"

Huh? What? "Uh, what do you mean?" I asked.

"From now on you will sit when you pee...no matter when it is or wherever you are at, you will always sit when you pee, understand me?" he said.

Huh? What? My face was burning hot from ear to ear.

"Joanie, do you understand me?" he called out again.

In a small voice I replied, "Yes, Mister B" and lowered the seat and sat down to take a leak for the first time in my life.

John, I said to myself, I have a feeling you're going to be doing a lot of things for the first time in your life!

The white porcelain bowl to my right caught my attention. I had used this bathroom once before and afterwards had to ask Mister B what the strange bowl is used for.

He smiled and said, "That is a bidet...my boys squat over that to clean their pussies after we make love..." and then of course, he added a typically crude comment, "I'll be teaching you how to use it very soon!"

A shiver raced up and down my spine. I had asked my gay neighbors, Jessie and Mike, if they had ever heard of a bidet. They'd laughed and Jessie said, "Of course, silly, that is where boys like you and me wash ourselves after satisfying your man!"

'Boys like you and me?' 'Satisfying your man?' What does that even mean? 

I couldn't see him at the desk but I heard his voice say to me, "When you finish, Sweetie, always use one square of toilet tissue to wipe your pee slit dry, do you understand me?"

Oh my God, how demeaning is this? What is he doing to me? Why does he want me to act like a girl?

"Y-Yes, Mister B," I replied.

After I did what I had been told to do, I stood and flushed the toilet.

"Go ahead and take a shower," he called out to me.

The words automatically came out of my mouth. "Yes, Mister B."

***

Standing under the water in the walk-in shower seemed really weird. No curtain or door, I was totally exposed to anyone who happened to come into the bathroom.

On the plus side though, the dual sprays felt wonderful, and there was plenty of room to move around on the marble floor.

I love to take long, hot showers. It is a small and inconsequential pleasure, but a pleasure nonetheless.

I was about to shut-off the water when the bathroom door opened and in walked Mister B. He was wearing the dark brown, silk robe I'd seen him wear several times.

"Okay, I'm ready for you, Sweetie!" he announced.

Ready for me? Ready for what?

He slipped out of the robe and hung it on a hook on the door. When he faced me I couldn't help but look at the erection jutting majestically straight out from his crotch.

Again I must have stared at it a little too long (what the hell is wrong with me) because he smiled, held the base with a couple fingers then waved it at me and said, "Heh-heh, did you miss this, Sweetie?" and walked into the shower, took me in his arms and kissed me hard on the lips.

He broke the kiss and staring down into my eyes said, "Sweetie, today is the first day of the rest of your life...everything that came before will become a faint and distant memory...very soon you will consider yourself to be the luckiest boy alive!"

Oh my goodness! My heart pounded.

He said, "Today, I'm going to teach you how I like to be washed, but first..." and his eyes lowered to his erection. He placed a finger to my lips and lightly traced it back and forth.

That simple gesture made my blood boil. I knew what he wanted from me. I sprung a boner.

I was slowly dropping to my knees but he stopped me and pointed to the end of the shower where I saw an area large enough to sit on the marble ledge.

"You don't have to go to your knees," he said, and added with a smile on his handsome face, "...at least not in here." 

***

"That was a decent blowjob considering it was only the second one you've ever given," he casually remarked while I was still sitting on the ledge.

His crudeness made me blush. I couldn't speak. 

"Isn't there something you want to say to me, Sweetie?" he asked.

I looked up at him standing over me perplexed; his now-flaccid penis dangling inches from my face.

"Joanie, whenever a real man allows you to suck his cock, you should properly thank him," he said without a trace of a smile.

Huh? He's got to be joking!

He glowered down at me and said impatiently, "Well? I'm waiting!"

"Well, uh, um...thank you, Mister B," I said so softly I could barely hear it myself.

"Joanie, I give you permission to call me 'Richard' from now on, okay?" he said.

"Oh, okay, Richard," I said.

"Now, what is it you're thanking me for?" he asked.

Tears of humiliation formed in my eyes. I lowered them from his only to find myself staring at his penis.

"Always thank the man for allowing you to suck his cock!" he explained. "Now, what do you want to say to me?"

Oh my God. It keeps getting worse!

"Let's go, boy – say it!" he said forcefully.

I stammered half-heartedly, "T-Thank you for letting me suck your cock, Richard."

"I can't hear you...say it loud and always look into the man's eyes when you thank him, understand me, boy?" he said.

My face was burning. "Y-Yes, Richard, I understand," I softly replied.

"C'mon boy, I'm waiting!" he commanded.

I raised my head until I was staring into his rich, chocolate eyes.

I took a deep breath and said, "Thank you for letting me suck your cock, Richard."

He chuckled and said, "Sure thing, cutie..." then added, "You can't tell me you didn't like it too - your little dicky has been stiff ever since you went down on me!"

To make his point, he leaned over and took hold of my erection. He squeezed it, and gave it a couple quick strokes. The pleasure coursing throughout my body was indescribable.

I remained silent. I wanted to tell him he was wrong, that no, I didn't like sucking his cock because I'm not that kind of guy...but my hard-on proved me a liar. It was mocking me.

I grudgingly have to admit, when he was cumming in my mouth I had to use my fingers to lower my balls so I wouldn't betray myself and climax simultaneously with him. 

***

He had me dry him and then myself. He held my hand as we walked into the bedroom naked. My erection had gradually subsided, but I was acutely aware of how sensitive my penis felt. The slightest provocation would mean an instant boner.

There were two articles of clothing on the bed. It took several seconds before I recognized one of them to be a jockstrap. I hadn't worn one of those since high school gym class.

Mister B, I mean Richard, picked up the jock and gave it to me.

"Sweetie, this will be part of your 'uniform' whenever you are here - put it on," he said.

I took it from him, held it up and made sure I slipped it up my legs properly. High school gym class wasn't very long ago so I was still familiar with how a jock should be worn.

Once it was in place old memories came to mind. I recalled how it felt to have my 'package' encased in the small pouch with my ass-cheeks totally exposed. Regrettably, I also remembered the way the gym teacher, Mister Norman, seemed to always be around leering at my naked bubble-butt in the locker room.

Richard then handed me yellow, nylon gym shorts. We'd worn navy blue at school. I turned my back to Richard, just in case.

You see, uh...it's kinda embarrassing, but, I dunno - I guess I have what they call a 'fetish' or something like that for nylon material. It is so smooth and soft, well, I've been known to spring a boner when I feel it. I had to be super-careful in gym class so the other guys wouldn't notice.

Thankfully the jock covering my dick and balls absorbed most of the nylon sensation so my prick only twitched and jumped but never became fully erect.

Richard was about to hand me what appeared to be a very small tee shirt when he pulled it back and said, "We're going out to the pool anyway – you won't need this."

He then pulled a pair of boxer-briefs up his legs. To my dismay, I simply had to glance at his limp penis and low-hanging scrotum one more time before they disappeared inside the boxers. I noticed his pubic hairs were short and neatly groomed...why am I even looking? What the hell is wrong with me?

It felt odd when he took my hand and held it all the way outside. The moment we stepped outside I heard splashing and laughing coming from the pool.

My heart sank. Oh no, other people are going to see me wearing this skimpy outfit!

Familiar voices called out "Hi, Joanie!" My gay neighbors, Jessie and Mike were in the pool.

Richard and I settled onto a loveseat big enough for two. I watched the boys beginning to emerge from the water but they stopped when the water was waist-deep and embraced. Then they kissed and it wasn't a little peck, no, they were really going at it. So much so, I was feeling uncomfortable watching them.
