 I awoke about an hour later, I was a bit groggy. I tried to rub my eyes but found resistance against my own movements. I shook the sleep from my head and tried again to move my arms, but found they were working against each other. "What the fuck?" I asked sleepily, not really expecting an answer. I pulled and twisted but found my arms were firmly tied together with some sort of rope. I tried to remember what could have happen, when I heard him speak.

"Now who's in control?" The bed dipped slightly as my jock boy sat on the bed. "I figured what was good for me, would be good for you." He had a cocky smirk I wanted to wipe away with a hard slap. "Time we changed the dynamic of our little relationship." He reached over and stroked my belly as I tugged against my bonds.

"I'm going to get you, you little shit. When I do, you won't cum for a year." I snarled. He just smiled, unfazed by my threat. "Let me out of these and I'll be gentle on your punishment." He just smiled. That pissed me off. "You're going to pay for this." I spat out, tugging again at my bonds. 

"I think not." He slapped my muscled stomach hard with his hand. "I think it's time we came to an understanding." His look was devious and cruel. "You see, you may think you turned me out, that you own me, but no." He climbed up on the bed and straddled my stomach so he could look down on me. "I've been fucking guys for a while now. I was wondering when you'd finally get the balls to make your move."

I growled and spat at him. He slapped my face. "Be a good boy, and I may untie you." He stroked my face. "You're going to be my little bitch now."

"Fuck you." I shot back. "I'm no body's bitch." Another smack across my cheek.

"I don't like hurting you, baby, but you have to learn manners." He stroked my redden face. "Remember, who has control here."

I bucked up, trying to dislodge him from me, but he stayed put. "Get off me, I got to piss." I twisted and turned trying to throw him off me. "Let me out of this fucking ropes."

He stroked my face lovingly. "I'll help you piss." He slipped off me and pulled my legs to the side of the bed. "Come on, we don't want to piss the bed." I begrudgingly slipped off the bed. He had tied my feet as well, giving them just enough give to allow me to shuffle across the room to the master bathroom. He held onto my lower back guiding me, ensuring I did not fall. "That's it. You'll get used to it."

I shot him a dirty glare as I stood in from of the toilet. "How am I supposed to aim?" He answered by taking hold of my cock, aiming it at the bowl. His other hand petted my muscled ass. "Fuck it. I knew you were a fucking piss whore too." I let go my stream full force. I let my head roll back as the pressure on my bladder eased. He shook the last few drops from my cock with careful tenderness.

He pushed be back away from the bowl, I almost fell back as I hit the wall. He hands slowly roamed my body. "You do have a nice body for and old fuck." He mouth found my nipple and hit bit gently, eliciting a low groan from me. He ran his head over my chest, his other hand slowly stroking my cock. "You're going to be fun to play with." He smiled up at me. "Bed, now."

He pulled on my now half full cock and guided me back to the bed. "Let me out of this shit." He responded by pushing me over onto the bed face down. "God damn punk ass bitch." I hissed. I twisted and turned, trying to roll over, but then a hard smack of a belt crossed my ass. "Fucking bitch." Another hit of the belt. With each hit another slew of cursing flew out of my mouth till I finally gasped out, "Stop. Please." I expected another hit, but felt the bed dip as he crawled on top of me, his chest against my back.

He rested his head on my shoulder, his lips just grazing my ear. "I told you manners." He whispered. "You fuck great, but I bet you're a great ride too. I found all your toys while you were asleep. Very kinky."

"I don't get fucked." I panted. My hands fisted his shirt trying to find some way of regaining control. "Get off me."

He took a fist full of my hair and pulled my head back. "Manners." He kissed my cheek while I let out a pained yelp. "I think we need to... open you up." He bounced off me with excitement. Before I knew what was happening his was fitting a ball gag into my mouth. "Since you can't speak politely, you won't speak." I tried to spit it out but he had it pulled tight into my mouth.

I looked up to stare into the lewd pop tent of his shorts. While I was naked as the day I was born, while he was dressed. I shouted through the gag, but the ball muffled all sound. "I bet you got a nice cherry ass, ripe for the picking." I screamed and thrashed. He fisted my hair, pulling me like it was a handle to the center of the bed.

"Come on, sweet cheeks," he teased, pulling the pillows from the bed, "I need to tend to your sore ass." He pulled up on my hips, and when I didn't raise them, he swatted my already sore ass, causing me to bounce up in pain. He quickly shoved the two pillows under me. "I don't want to hurt you, but you need to learn to obey, baby." 

He reached over and stroked my face. I snarled back at him. "You'll break, and you'll love it." He mused, gently rubbing and patting my bruised melons. He moved behind me, I could barely make him out from the corner of my eye. He straddled my legs, then fished out my cock and balls from underneath me. I was shocked when I realized I was hard.

He glided his hands over my ass soothingly. The muffled scream I let out failed to deter him. "Do you know how hard this ass use to make me in the gym?" He ran a finger down my crack. I tried not to moan. I failed. "I knew you were just a pig slut bottom that needed to be shown the way." His finger circled my tight entrance. "You'll open up to me and be begging for this brown Latin dick when I'm done."

I felt a hand on each cheek. He pulled them apart, exposing me. "Mmmhhh, muscle boy ass." I felt the expert licks, circling slowly, coaxing me to ease for him. It had been so long since I let anyone, even with a tongue near my ass that I had forgotten the pleasure it could bring. I sighed and pushed back against his tongue without even thinking. He kissed and licked my abused cheeks. His soft lips on my hard muscle felt so nice. I'd have to remember to make him do this to me once I was free.

"You like that?" I could hear the grin in his voice as he ran a finger around my hole. I tried to snarl but simply moaned my consent. He pushed at the tight pucker, gently, testing its fortitude. Then he was back at it, this time a bit more flare. His tongue flicked against my barrier and I strained against the bonds on my feet to spread them further for him. 

He kept toying with me as he moistened me. I grew more relaxed. His hand slipped down to my ridged cock and he slowly stroked me. My muffled moans filled my ears. His tongue lashed against me. I begged for more, but my muffled pleas where unintelligible. He pulled back a moment, pushing with his finger. I pushed back without thinking and he slipped in. "Nice." He whispered, playing with my insides. "Just the tip." He whispered as he wiggled his finger in me. I thrust back but he pulled out and returned his tongue to its job. 

I wanted to cry out, beg him to put it back. His tongue was flicking and licking and slowly circling my hole. I watched the time on the clock by the bed, he kept this subtle teasing going for thirty minutes, playing with my ass, alternating with his tongue and just the tip of his finger. His finger slipped in much easier. He pushed in to the second knuckle. He toyed a bit, stretching me. Then the whole finger. I groaned when a second joined the lone finger. 

I lost track of the time as he did this. He was patient and willing to stretch me. "Such a tight little hole." He mocked with lust as his fingers slid in and out of me. I fought like Hell not to moan like a bitch in heat, but I failed. He pulled his fingers from me, leaving me feeling empty. "I think you're ready for something a bit more."

I felt him leave the bed for a moment then return to his spot. I felt the familiar cool slickness of lube as he slipped his fingers, prepping me as I would. He was going to fuck me. I began to thrash for a moment, but his magical fingers soothed me as they dove deeper into me, slicking my inside. I knew I had to relax, or this would hurt like hell. His fingers slipped from me, and I felt a cold latex push against me. 

It wasn't his cock, I knew that by the shape. "Just push back, baby." He instructed in a soft voice as he pressed the latex toy into me. "Relax, you'll like this, we'll both like this." He pressed resiliently. I took a deep breath. I relaxed allowing the wide toy to spread my ass lips till I felt that pop and felt it slide into me. "Good boy." The little bastard soothed. He must have hit a button or switch because I felt a vibration inside me. 

"That feels good, doesn't it baby." He moved from behind me to look down at me smugly. He rolled me over onto my back. I was grateful for the ball gag for the muffled moans of pleasure. He straddled my chest, reaching behind my head and releasing the ball gag. I forgot for a moment my situation and flexed my jaw. I ran a tongue over my chapped lips. While I was adjusting to my oral freedom, and letting loose small moans, he slipped my mouth spreader into my mouth. 

My jaw was now forced open, my lips barely able to touch. "What the fuck." Came my garbled voice.

He looked at me with that cocky grin I now to hated. He got off my chest, his hand returning to his favorite hand hold, my hair. He pulled me to the edge of the bed, my head just over the edge. "Sorry if I don't trust you enough not to have you do this without that, but you understand." He pulled his shirt off and then dropped his pants, revealing his hard brown cock. 

He straddled my face, his balls resting on my lips. I did not need to be told what to do. My inner piggy was squealing to be released. The vibration in my ass was touching places I had forgotten could bring me joy. I couldn't properly worship his balls, but I did my best to wrap my lips around them, my tongue flicking against them. "Good boy."

I ignored his praise while I focused on my own efforts to taste him. He reached down, strumming my nipples. My pleasure moan was muffled by my new ball gag. "I knew you were a closet cock slut." He mused above me. He pulled back, aimed his dripping dick at me, and then skewered my throat with one deep penetrating thrust. I gagged and choked. He pulled back, spittle dripping from his cock. He pushed back down past my gag reflex. "You'll learn baby." A few more thrusts before he rested the tip on my lips.

"Just the tip, baby." He pushed just the head in. I swirled my tongue around the mushroom head. He leaked into my mouth. I swallowed. I moved my head the little I could up and down his shaft, only able to get an inch or so. He moaned his verbal praise. "Yeah, baby." And "That feels so good, baby." Radiated in my ear. I hated it, but it was drawing me into a sexual frenzy along with his stroking of my nipples and constant hum in my ass, I had no choice.

He was priming my engine like an expert. The predator was now the pray, and I found myself liking it. I nursed the tip of his cock, soaking it with my spit, cradling it with my tongue. I found myself being lost in the act, my cock was rigid with painful arousal. He began pulling his cock from my mouth, and I reached up to keep it in there. He looked down with a smile. "You want it, don't you?" I grunted my yes.

"Time to remove this." He reached down, and I allowed him to take the mouth spreader. The urge to bite him didn't even come to mind as I stretched my aching jaw. He grabbed me by the hair and guided me to the center of the bed again, with me flopping and rolling to his guidance. He had be back in the middle, face down. "Up." He patted my ass and I obeyed. He slipped the pillows under my waist. 

"I think you've had enough of this." He said from behind me once more. The internal buzzing stop and he slowly pulled the toy from me. I let out a grunt as the bulbous end stretched me and slipped out with an audible pop. "Look at thirsty hole." The smug satisfaction was evident in his voice. "I think you want this. Do you want this?" He tapped his cock against my stretched out hole.

"Yes." I finally admitted, pushing back against him. He rubbed the tip against my swollen ass lips. "Fuck me, please." I rasped, my throat still sore from his previous throat fucking. He pressed the tip in, I could feel the mushroom head push into me. "More." I groaned. "Please." I added. He grabbed my still sore cheeks and dug his fingers in.

"I knew you were a just a slut bottom trying to over compensate." He laughed. "You just needed a real man to show you the way." He slipped in slowly, relishing in the feel of my velvet tunnel. I felt his prickly pubes against my ass. I knew I had him in, all of him in. "You feel so good on my dick, baby." I heard the smile in his voice. All I could do was moan my contentment. "You're going to ride this every chance I give you, aren't you?"

"Yes." I humped back against him. He pulled out slowly, leaving just the tip in, then slowly pushed back in. He continued long dicking me, allowing me to get use to his full eight inches. I tried to quicken the pace by bouncing back, fucking myself on his jock stick, but he held me steady with handfuls of my ass. "Please." I whimpered.

"Here you go, baby." He dove in thrusting without hesitation into me. He pummeled my hole, sawing through me with long deliberate strokes. His hands moved to my hips and he pulled back on me as he pushed forward. He cock brought pain that transformed to pleasure. His jack hammering into me let loose the wild pig I really was. I let lose a stream of "Fuck me", "Take that ass", and "Give it to me." This only enthused him as he picked up speed. 

He mounted me, lying flat across my back. He rabbit punched my insides with his thick long club. "Your ass is so fucking tight." He whispered in my ear before biting gently on my shoulder. His hips slapped against my sore ass, and all I could do was whimper like the cock hungry whore I was. The one I denied for so long. "I'm going to paint my cock's new home white, baby." He warned, picking up pace. I felt his teeth sink into my shoulder. I was certain there were marks. "Fuck!" He let out a roar as I felt his cock throb inside of me. I felt him pulsing in me as the last dribbles left him.

He stroked my head. "You're such a good bottom, baby." I panted. His cock still lodged deep in me. I wanted to cum so bad, but I was still bound. He slowly slipped out to my dismay, the wet plop echoing in the room. "I think you've been a good enough boy, and I'm still horny." He rolled me over onto my back. He took the lube and laced my cock then his own ass, before he sat down on my own seven inch beast. He slid in with ease. 

He arched his back, riding me up and down. "I love that dick in me." He reached down and twisted my nipples. I bounced up, meeting his downward thrust. His insides molded to my cock. I knew I wouldn't last long after all the teasing he had put me through. "You're going to come for me, baby. You going to blow that man load up my ass?"

I spasmed in my bonds as I bucked up into him. "Yeah, baby." He encouraged. "Fill me up." I slowly pushed in and out, feeling him milk the last drops out of me. "Oh, I'm going to have fun with you." He gave me a wicked grin. "You ready to be my bitch bottom, baby?" He leaned down and kissed me on the lips. Our tongues brushed for a moment before he pulled back.

"Yes, I'll be your bitch bottom."