 Colin and I had met at a party. We hit it off and we met up at his place a couple of days later. Colin is an upperclassman, very hot and very built! He's prime jock meat!

I keep in great shape, and I have a big dick. Early on I fucked a lot of chicks and loved it, but when I got to college things changed, pussy was difficult to come by, and I was always horny!

One day I noticed a jock at the gym was staring at my big cock a lot, and he ended up giving me amazing head in the shower. That changed my life. We didn't get to finish, so I went to his place, and the head he gave me in the shower was nothing compared to what he did when we were in private.

Soon this jock turned around and showed me his high and tight muscle butt, and said, "I'll bet if you fuck this tight ass you'll enjoy it more than pussy!" I know he knew I was thinking about it because I cocked my head at the thought, and he got on his hands and knees in front of me and said, "Come on stud, eat my ass and fuck it like a pussy!"

I couldn't believe how tight it was when I slid in, and I loved eating it too! It started out with me going to his place after the gym 2-3 times a week for some great head and then fucking him. After a few weeks, he told me he has a very hot, horny buddy who would love my big cock too, so soon I was fucking him 2-3 times per week too.

He wasn't quiet about it, and told some of his other jock buddies, that I have a big dick, fuck for a long time, and love to eat ass. So within several weeks, I was also fucking five of his jock buddies. By midterm, I was fucking several guys from the swim team, a bunch of the track and field jocks, and believe it or not about half the football team was stopping by to get their asses eaten and fucked a few times a week. We all laughed and talked about it and called their jock asses, jock pussy!

Then at the end of the spring session, almost everyone left! 

That's when I met Colin, a super hot jock at a party, we hit it off and he asked me to come by a few days later. He's a great guy and a jock so I wondered if he wanted me to fuck him, he has an amazing ass, but he's a little older than most of the other guys I've fucked.

We both admitted we loved eating and fucking jock pussy! Both of us being jocks we had a lot in common, and when we found out that we each had pretty busy sex lives fucking a lot of the jocks on campus, it was like we were immediately bros.

We started comparing notes on the jocks telling who we thought are the hottest ones, who gives better head and who's butt was tighter and/or more fun to fuck.

Apparently, we were both studs and well hung and very popular with the jocks who love to get fucked. The talk started getting us horny and we both admitted that the bedroom traffic had been almost non-existent since the spring session ended.

As we talked and laughed and compared more stories, Colin opened a cabinet and grabbed a bottle of whiskey and a bong and we started really opening up and having fun. Again, we talked about how horny we both we're and neither of us had had a decent lay for a couple of weeks.

As the conversation went on and we talked about things we liked, we both agreed that eating ass was amazing and WAY better than eating pussy had ever been. When Colin said, "Fuck, doesn't it feel amazing when someone eats your ass?" When I reacted and told him that I didn't know what it felt like he seemed pretty surprised, almost shocked and said, "It feels fucking amazing! You should try it Tyler, fuck, I'm an expert, I'll show you!"

It seemed kind of weird at first, but hell, we are both jocks, both horny, and both really love to eat ass! I said, okay, and I could tell my new buddy was really happy and excited. He loaded the bong, we did another hit, did another shot of whiskey, Colin got my pants down, and soon I was positioned on the couch on my knees and Colin slid my pants totally off and was immediately behind me. Colin whistled and told me what an amazing ass I had hiding in my shorts!

All the jocks told me they loved how I eat ass, but I'm pretty sure I must have paled in comparison to Colin he is amazing! Just having this hot stud giving attention to my butt was for some reason very hot, I guess mostly because although I have a great butt, no one had really given it much attention, they were all centered on my big dick!

Fuck he was soon eating my ass like a mad man, playing with my cock and getting me super horny. He pulled back for a second and I was disappointed worried somewhat that he might be finished, but he grabbed a bottle of poppers, shook them and handed them to me and told me to do a BIG hit.

This was the first time I'd ever done poppers, but I had smelled them plenty as almost all the jocks I fucked used poppers when I was eating their asses and especially when I was fucking them. I took a hit but since it was my first time it wasn't too big, then exhaled and I felt like I was floating, and Colin's tongue on and in my hole tripled in pleasure. It felt so fucking good as Colin was licking, sucking and tonguing my hole that I took another hit and then his tongue started slipping in and out of my virgin hole! Fuck this man is an expert, I'm glad I met him, I could tell I was going to learn a lot about my own ass eating techniques!

I could tell Colin was enjoying eating my ass as much as I enjoyed eating all the other jock's asses, but he broke it off again, and said, "Wow Tyler, sweet ass, I love eating you out!" Then he handed me the bong and we each took another big rip and he went right back to my hole.

Colin had me really wet and really relaxed, he took the bottle of poppers, shook them really hard and fast, and said, "This time REALLY take a big hit and hold it as long as you can, you're going to get a huge rush and then a wild ride!"

I wasn't really sure what could be any wilder than this stud eating my ass, and fingering my hole, and playing with my cock, but I did what he said. Soon my hole was feeling amazing, and I slowly took a long, slow deep hit and held it for as long as I could and slowly let it out, fuck I was now flying, my hole felt so fucking amazing, it was kind of as if it was being stretched really wide but there wasn't any pain. I was shocked when Colin said, "That's three fingers stud, it probably feels good, but it will feel much better if you do one more huge hit and seriously hold it as long as you possibly can!"

Well I didn't really feel the need for more poppers as I was already flying and I couldn't comprehend how anything could feel much better, but obviously, Colin was the expert in this area so I did as he said!

Soon I was no longer floating, I was flying, just soaring higher and higher than ever, and I was feeling things I'd never felt. This was so fucking amazing, there was a slow sweet stretch to my butthole that felt fucking amazing and I hoped would never end, then slowly I felt so fucking full, and that felt amazing too, and then I felt Colin's hard slab of abs tight up against my ass and his full bush was somewhat tickling my buttcrack! I was in heaven and not really concerned about what this any or all of this might mean.

Fuck, fuck, I was so full even way deep inside and when I flexed my hole I realized that it was spread open REALLY wide. I realize that should have been a big clue, but I was so out of it on whiskey, pot, and poppers that when Colin shifted and I felt a shift inside of me!!

What the fuck? Holy fuck Colin's huge cock was buried in my virgin hole! Fuck, I was shocked, and then Colin said, "Wow Tyler, you are so fucking tight! What a nice hole dude, I've wanted this for quite a while with you, I'm going to fuck you good!"

With that Colin slapped one of my ass cheeks and slid his big cock about halfway out and then halfway in! Holy fuck, it kind of hurt, but it also felt fucking amazing, well actually wonderful! I was freaked out and told Colin to stop!

He said, "What's wrong dude?"

"Colin, I'm a top, I've never been fucked!"

Colin said, "Wow dude, thanks for your cherry! I've never popped a hole open so easily first time ever, you're a natural and a champion, but I'd suggest you do some more poppers because I'm in you and I'm going to really fuck this thing!"

I couldn't believe what he said, hell I couldn't believe that his cock was buried in my virgin butt, and yes I could have told him to pull out, I could have stopped him, I could have told him not to fuck me, but some part of me wanted him to, and Colin knew it.

He handed me the bong and I did a huge rip. He handed me the poppers and I took a huge hit. Like I had the last two times, I took it deep and held it as long as I could, but as soon as I started exhaling Colin started fucking me! It was crazy, it was just slightly painful, but it was amazing! I felt things inside of me I had never imagined, just the sheer pleasure of feeling Colin slowly sliding his huge cock back and forth inside my butt was amazing.

In less than two minutes all the pain was gone. Yes, there were some weird sensations, but I was getting used to that, and suddenly it was all pleasure. I heard Colin say, "Take another hit Tyler, and then this fuck of your newly devirginized ass is on!"

Colin leaned over onto me, we were pressed body to body, skin to skin from shoulders to balls, and the entire time I was shaking the bottle, opening the bottle, moving the bottle to my nose, and the entire time I was inhaling, and holding Colin was slowly soul fucking my wanting ass. I could feel all the muscles in his body flexing and relaxing, but only his hips were moving except that his lips and tongue were doing amazing things to my shoulder and my neck until he heard and saw me exhale.

Slowly at first Colin's pace increased in speed and intensity. I was right there with him and then he leaned up off of me and slapped each of my butt cheeks hard and fast and hard just one time to distract me a bit, and then he started "really" fucking me!

He was alternating all kinds of medium and fast strokes, shallow and deep, not always pulling back very far and then rapid short strokes, it keeps you confused and not knowing what to expect next. I also like to top similar to this.

However, the first time Colin pulled his big cock all the way out of my ass, it made me gasp! That gasp was nothing like the next one when he shoved it back in, but it was intense! He did that for a while and those gasps slowly turned to satisfied grunts!

I was really getting into this and I could tell Colin was loving my sweet virgin ass, and suddenly felt huge pressure. As Colin was fucking me, my hole started making quiet little noises, it would pop when he pulled all the way out, it would kind of squish when he pushed all the way in, and little bits of air escaped me, and it felt fucking awesome. I knew it felt awesome from his end too as I loved when I could make that happen to some of the jock's pussies!

But the pressure kept building, I couldn't tell what it was, ass, balls, cock, hell maybe it was all three because just at that moment, Colin said, "Your hot ass is doing amazing things to my cock!"

I could feel things spasming inside of me, and I hollered and we both heard my cum splashing on the back of the leather sofa I was kneeling on! Colin could see both of my hands holding onto the back of the sofa in a death grip for dear life, so we both knew I was having my first orgasm as a bottom, hands-free!

"Fuck stud, you're cumming like crazy, I can hear your juice splattering on the back of the couch and your hole is massaging my cock like a Robo Fleshjack toy, but I'm loving fucking your ass Tyler!

My orgasm seemed to go on forever and I think it was spurring on Colin to cum, but he said he wasn't ready yet, and I was glad because even though I'd shot, this was too fucking hot to end!

Colin slowed things down for a few minutes and leaned back over my body and pulled me tightly to him. Again, I could feel the tight, hairy muscular torso moving against me, and it was a huge rush!

Colin was slowly slow fucking me and it was very hot, very sensual, and very intense. He again put his mouth to the area of my neck and shoulder and slowly his speed increased, the depth increased, the outstroke increased, the pressure against my exposed cheeks and hole increased. We were both sweating like pigs and that lubed the friction of our skin rubbing against each other, the scent of man sex in the air was full-bodied and sexy, I was feeling I guess what a woman feels when she is taken in the doggie position.

In a husky whisper, Colin growled in my ear, "I'm going to cum, and I'm going to fill your pretty hole with about four days of my hot masculine cum!"

Colin wrapped his powerful arms around me tighter, and I had the feeling of trapped prey, being taken, knowing that there was no way I could pull away, but it was also something of a muscular security blanket making me know that the man who was taking me was so strong and powerful!

Three times I heard Colin ask me if I wanted his load, but the pounding he was now giving me had disengaged my ability to speak, finally, after the third time, I made a garbled sound of the affirmative and shook my head yes!

Seconds after admitting I wanted his huge cum load Colin again attached his mouth and lips to that sensitive place where my neck and shoulder meet and his attention there was driving me through the ceiling with licking and sucking, until he punched his huge cock deeper than it had yet been and I felt it swell and pulse as I felt warm liquid flowing deep inside of me, and at the same time, my cock jerked and started firing another load.

My garbled moans didn't go unnoticed as the contractions of my hole and inner walls started Colin slow fucking me as he pulled all the way out to the head and slowly pushed back to new depths. The noises we were making sounded alien and went on until I collapsed under Colin's heated, hairy, muscular torso with sweat running off of both of us!

As we collapsed onto the couch, Colin managed to turn us so we were laying lengthwise on the couch with this cock still embedded deep in my well-fucked hole!

He was now gently licking my neck and my ear, sending shivers through me, I could feel his cock lessening in hardness and slowly cum seeping from me in little rivulets down the back of my ball sack, until a slight movement made Colin's cock slither out, and a river of his hot cum started leaking out of my well-fucked hole.

I was really surprised when Colin slid down my back and started eating his own cum that was leaking from my freshly fucked hole, even slurping it up. When he got up, I turned to look back at him and he kissed me with a mouthful of his cum. Again I was surprised, but it was kind of hot!

He helped me into a sitting position and stood up on the couch with his half-hard cock in my face, smiled down as I looked up with a questioning look, "Come on Tyler, you know that it's the jock pussy's job to clean the top's cock!"

Wow, I hadn't thought about that! Yes, all the jocks I fucked always cleaned up my cock afterward, I had never asked them, they just did it! Colin had trained them and moved closer and I opened my mouth and sucked cock for the first time in my life!

Colin looked at me and started laughing, and I asked him why. He said, "Well Tyler, apparently when you do something to do it all the way, so not only did you get fucked for your first time tonight, you sucked cock for you first time tonight, a cum and jock pussy juice covered cock, you are covered in cum from head to toe from all the cum you shot all over the couch. Let's go rinse off!

I was amazed at what had happened and somewhat embarrassed. Partially because a lot of guys and even I seemed to have somewhat of at least slightly lower opinion of a guy who takes it up the ass. There I said it!