 Nailed at the Gym

Nick hadn't gone back to the farm since Francis had fucked him. It had been a week since the best Monday of his life, but Nick was far too scared to go back. He wasn't sure if Francis would be happy or pissed to see him. Was Francis fucking him so hard and rough supposed to be some sort of punishment for spying on him? And if it wasn't, was fucking him a one-time thing or did Francis want him to come regularly? He'd made no mention of it after it happened last week, and Nick didn't dare ask him.

But for now, Nick hadn't paid much attention to these problems. He had a test on Wednesday that got in the way of him working out at the gym. After writing it that morning, Nick decided to make up the lost gym time the same night. 

Nick was a lean boy, with no fat on him, but not much muscle either. His arms were getting a bit defined after two months of working out, and his chest wasn't as flat as a ten-year old girl's anymore. He would have been more well-built if he spent some actual time working out-not pretending to like he usually did.

When Nick Evans worked out on Tuesdays and Thursday, he'd put on his tightest jockstrap, long baggy shorts, a regular t-shirt, bring his iPhone, and his earphones. He'd put on some music, pick up a set of weights that weren't too heavy, and do bicep workouts at the back of the gym, where he could see everyone else working out in plain view.

The gym was a rectangular room, which made it easy for him to see others. It was about 80% guys with the rest girls. It was the perfect time for Nick to enjoy his music, watch the hot, muscular men work out, spy on dicks and asses in the change rooms, watch them touch themselves in the showers, and then jack off when he was done.

This Wednesday was especially different for Nick, since it wasn't his usual work out night. The guys were different than who he'd been used too, and the new array of muscle was a turn on for him. Just from what he'd seen walking past the windows, Nick knew it would be a good night.

Nick strolled to the change rooms, holding his gym bag and finding a bench furthest away from any changing guy. The locker room was also rectangular, so Nick found that changing his clothes away from everyone gave him a better-and safer-vantage point.

Nick sat there, lazily taking off his Nikes, which weren't suited for running on the treadmill. He undid the laces slowly, looking up to see if there were any hot guys around, and surely there were.

He was listening to music while scouting out the other dudes hanging around. There were two others in there with him, one was about 6'2", and the other a couple inches shorter. The tallest was a blond jock with a big, beefy body, hairless everywhere except his legs, and bright blue eyes with a sharp face. He was just coming out of the showers, his fat, muscular chest wet and his small hint of abs were flexing as he walked. He had huge arms, the veins visible like Francis', and as he walked to his locker, he turned around and sat on his bench, scrolling on his phone. He had a muscled back, which flexed and rippled as he hunched over. Nick felt his dick expand in his shorts.

The other dude was fully dressed, having just come from outside. He was wearing a windbreaker, a pair of jeans and big boots. He had a dark, manly face with thick stubble and his dark brown hair pulled back in a bun. His thick eyebrows, straight jaws and big grey eyes made Nick want to suck his cock right there. But all Nick could do was pretend to undo his shoes and watch quietly out of the corner of his eyes.

The guy unzipped his jacket, showing off a maroon shirt that was tight on his frame. He pulled it off, revealing his thin, lean figure. He had a good chest with dark, taught nipples, and a eight-pack of ribbed, rigid abs. His had a small v down his waist that had a light fuzz of pubes. He was hot, and his deep tan made him stand out from the others guys Nick was used to seeing.

Nick watched him push the shirt and jacket in his bag. He pulled on a grey shirt made of some athletic, sweat-proof material that was tight enough that it clung to his chest and abs like a second skin. He then proceeded with his shoes and shorts. He kicked off his runners, and then pulled off his shorts, showing Nick his loose-fitting boxers, like the ones Francis sometimes wore. He turned around, where Nick could see an ass pressing against the cloth, as if asking him to free his cheeks. Then, he stud pulled them down. 

His brown ass was lighter than the rest of his chestnut skin, and it made Nick horny to see it was covered in small brown hairs. The cheeks were round and perky, just like Nick's. The stud turned around, looking through his gym bag for something, letting his dick and balls swing freely. Nick almost let out a horny gasp. 

The dude's dick was soft and thick, uncut, and about five inches long. It bounced atop the two low-hanging balls, which swung back and forth like a ring of loose keys. The beautiful sight of soft, nude dick lasted for only a moment. The young man took some underwear out of his bag, turned back around and quickly put them on, bending over, and exposing his dark, hairy asshole to Nick. 

He now wore a pair of long, spandex boxer-briefs that made his ass look like two huge beach balls. He was still turned around and Nick couldn't get another look at his bulge. But the ass and thick hairy thighs were certainly not a let down. He bent over to pack his shoes, and as he did so, Nick got a glimpse of his balls pressing against the shorts. Then he pulled on a different pair of loose shorts, sat down and began tying his shoes.

Nick had undone both of his own shoes by now. He had taken out his runners and pretended to put them on while he watched the blond guy get up and drop his towel. His huge, thick ass wiggled as the towel left his cheeks, and he began to wipe himself down, rubbing his chest, his abs, his dick and his balls. He bent over to wipe his legs, showing off his bright, hairless asshole to the whole world. 

Nick could feel his own dick pressing up against his jockstrap and making an imprint on his shorts. His boner wanted to be free, free to jack off and spurt cum all over. His music was pumping hard in his ears, and he felt like humping something-anything-to get his rocks off.

The blond didn't turn around. He grabbed a pair of boxer briefs from his locker, slipped them on and struggled to get them up over his damp ass. It was a good show, but unfortunately, the only sight of his dick that Nick got was a slight bulge in the front as he turned to sit down after pulling on his shorts and putting on some socks. He smiled at something on his phone, scratched his balls, and then put on a shirt. In a matter of seconds, he was all packed, and Nick was the only one left in the locker room. 

Nick contemplated jacking off right then and there, but he knew that anyone could walk in-and there were even more hot guys in the actual gym. An older man entered the locker room and Nick felt his dick flatten again.

After everyone was gone, Nick changed in a matter of seconds. He put on his work out clothes, grabbed a bottle of water and set off for the gym. He sat on the mats and stretched for a long while, stealing glimpses at the other hotties stretching their legs and arms around him, flexing their muscles and doing poses that got Nick horny. He imagined what these men would be like in bed.

In order not to seem suspicious, Nick went over to the treadmills and upped the volume of his music. He set the pace to slow, warming up first. From here, he had a good view of the weights and the dudes using them. There was a sea of hot jocks, and he spotted the sexy, lean brunette from the change rooms lying under the bench press. From here, Nick could see the bulge of his package stick through the thin fabric of his shorts. He looked like he was grunting, clenching his teeth, as he lifted the heavy weights. The muscles in his arms flexed and turned hard, making Nick stare for a long while. After four sets, the brunette moved on to do cable crossovers.

He pulled the long, elastic ropes, attached to weights, toward his chest with his arms straight out. His big, burly chest scrunched up before him, turning even bigger and making the dude look hotter by the second. Hair fell out of his man-bun and onto his face, giving him an even sexier look. His nipples were hard now as he clenched his teeth and while he did his reps, he seemed to be staring at some girl's ass. She was going squats nearby, and the brunette clearly had his eyes turned her way.

The man's dick was beginning to get bigger, and as he finished his reps, the woman adjusted her sports bra and leggings. This made the brunette adjust the monster in his pants, forcing himself to look away as she walked toward the water fountain.

Nick couldn't help but smile. His eyes followed the jock, who did two more sets of the crossovers and moved on to do chest flys on a bench. As he went over, Nick's music changed, and he nearly tripped on treadmill at what he'd just seen.

In the corner of the gym, surrounded by huge weights and bars and doing deadlifts, was none other than Francis McCarthy. Nick's heart began beating fast. The stud was dressed in a tight-fitting, sleeveless nylon shirt that exposed his broad, muscled shoulders and thick, bulging chest. Like the brunette dude, the shirt clung to Francis' abs, and even showed off a bit of his hairy, brown waist. His shorts were knee-length and he had the usual bulge in his pants that most guys did while wearing workout clothes. Nick could tell that pure testosterone was coursing through his body, and the concentration on his face gave Nick a boner.

Francis' pale, freckled face was gleaming in sweat, and his usually short, spiky brown hair was slicked back. His big, veiny arms jiggled with muscle as he did his deadlifts, and he breathed out savage, primitive huffs and grunts. He was standing with his legs shoulder-width apart, lifting the humongous set of weights and pushing his arms, shoulders, and chest to the max.

Nick knew that deadlifts were used to strengthen hamstrings, and he could only imagine what was going on beneath Francis' sleek shorts. He'd already seen his groin area, and had only caught glimpses of his thick muscular legs while he was being fucked. But his memories of Francis skinny-dipping in the river came haunting back, telling him that he was missing out on the movement of his muscles underneath what he was wearing.

Nick had no idea what to do. Half of him wanted to run-to get out of the gym before Francis saw him. What if Francis thought Nick had come here to spy on him? Nick knew that Francis would think he was stalking him: first around his house, and now at the gym. What would he do to him? 

The other half of Nick wanted to stay and watch Francis, as well as the other guys, and hope to follow him into the locker room so that he could watch him strip naked and possibly take a shower. He had missed out on seeing him naked this week already...

Francis was done with his deadlifts and was taking a huge swig of water from his bottle. Then, in a display that made Nick's cock throb, Francis lifted his shirt to wipe down his face. He revealed his rock-hard six-pack, covered in a fuzz of brown that amassed into a huge jungle at the waist. His intercostal muscles rippled and moved as he did, and in another second, the sight was gone, covered by a sweat-stained nylon shirt once more. He took another gulp of water and made his way to the leg press. It was much closer to the treadmills than the deadlift was, and Nick felt like he was having a heart attack as the stud came his way.

Nick made it so that he was looking down at some stain on his own shirt, avoiding any contact with Francis. At the same time, the brown-haired jock wiped sweat from his face, not paying any attention to the people on the treadmills at all. In fact, as he walked, he gave a cocky nod to a blonde who was staring at him. She frowned as he nodded to her, and moved away from him. Francis' ego seemed deflated for a moment, and then he went over to the leg press, trying not to show any weakness. Nick smiled wryly. When Francis had told him that the girls in their town were pissed with him, he sure wasn't kidding. As another group of girls walked past, Francis shot a smile their way. 

"Sup ladies?" he said. But the girls frowned at him and began muttering angry things amongst themselves. Feeling defeated, Francis sighed angrily and took out his rage on the leg press.

That just about made Nick's decision. He could already imagine Francis kicking him right in the head after having spotted him at the gym-he didn't want end up like the leg machine. Nick took his things, turned down his music and headed for the change rooms. He had to get out before Francis saw him.

In the locker room, Nick felt his head swim with relief and regret. He was glad to be a safe distance for Francis' possible anger, but truthfully, it turned him on a lot and he couldn't help wanting to possibly watch the jock strip down naked and then lather himself up with soap in the showers. 

But Nick put his thoughts aside. He knew the possibility of him being able to watch Francis without being discovered was zero. Instead, he decided to head to the furthest corner away from the entrance. It was here that he moved his gym bag and began to slowly undo his shoes, watching a few more hot guys stroll out of the shower and rub their dicks down with a towel.

By the time Nick had gotten both his shoes off (this took his a great deal of time), he could see a stain of pre-cum soaking through his tight jockstrap and even his shorts. He easily covered it up, but his hard cock gave a jump as he saw Francis come through the entrance. He immediately took off his shirt, which was scrunched up near the waist, and walked straight toward Nick. He hadn't seemed to notice him, and even got to his locker before he turned to change. 

He looked up, his nipples hard and his chest dripping sweat, to see Nick staring at him.

"Hey! Nick!" Francis smiled, walking over in a cocky attitude and making contact with the teenager's shoulder. "What are you doing here, dude?"

Nick felt a huge weight lift off his shoulders-Francis was happy to see him. It came as a complete shock.

"Oh... hey Francis!" he tried to sound enthusiastic. "I just finished a workout," he lied. "What about you?"

"Yeah man, leg day. And I didn't know that you worked out here. Shit, man, I haven't seen you around in a while." Francis said the last bit in a low voice, his teeth clenched. Nick realized, as he sat there, that Francis' bulge was alarmingly close to his face.

"Yeah... I come here twice a week. Um, been a bit busy with tests lately. Teachers are giving us a bunch to do before Spring Break."

"That that sucks man. Glad I'm done with that shit. I would never go back to high school, to be honest."

Nick managed a smile. They were talking normally with each other-as if they were friends.

"Twice a week though? Dude you gotta come around more often if you wanna bulk up."

This surprised Nick too. Did Francis really want to see Nick more often? "Uh, yeah..." he laughed nervously.

"How much you bench?"

All this straight-boy talk was getting to his head. "Um... 75 pounds..." he finished lamely.

Francis also looked like he's just heard something really lame. "Oh, cool. That's... not bad..." he lied back.

Nick was sure 75 was nothing compared to what Francis could bench with his enormous chest. His pecs looked like flat, muscular bricks. Nick accidentally flashed them a look, but brought his face back down, embarrassed. He was sure that Francis had seen him.

"I, uh, was gonna hit the showers," Francis told him, like he was expecting him to say something back. Francis already had his shoes off and was taking off his shorts right in front of him. Underneath, he was wearing skin-tight, Under Armour boxer briefs made of spandex. It clung to his hairy, chunky thighs, covering them completely. The muscles of his legs could be seen pushing against the fabric. Nick could also make out the unmistakable bulge of his big flaccid dick and his huge balls, pressing against his underwear, longing to be out in the open. Was Francis inviting him to shower?

"Uh, yeah. Me too." Nick heard himself say, not sure where it came from.

"Cool. See ya inside." He wobbled over to his bag, took off his spandex, and turned around to face his locker, looking for shampoo. Nick caught a glimpse of his flaccid, seven-inch dick, but had a nice, longer view of his ass. Nick had a raging boner in his pants and couldn't believe what he'd just agreed too. He'd be too embarrassed to show Francis that he had a boner, and he was sure that the other guys in the gym would be freaked out by him. But Nick had been in the showers before and knew their layout-he suddenly had an idea that would save his gay ass.

Nick stripped down so fast that his boner began to subside. On top of that, Nick did some math in his head, forcing the blood from his dick to come back up to his brain. It did the trick to make it seem that Nick just had a very big dick, not a huge gay, hard-on for Francis. He wrapped a towel around his waist and walked to the shower, immediately followed by a completely naked Francis. Nick had just made it before him.

The locker room showers were in a separate room that was made of two components-a hot, steaming communal shower that took up most of the room, and a three private showering stalls on the left, covered with curtains. They'd usually be full when Nick came around, which was why he jerked off in the toilet stalls before he took a shower there. But now, however, he saw one stall with its curtain wide open-a shower that was free. 

As Francis walked toward the communal shower, Nick made hard left turn. Before Francis even had a chance to say anything, Nick had closed the curtain behind him and took a deep breath. His boner was stirring again, and he couldn't believe it worked. He was safe from total humiliation.

Nick threw his towel onto the edge of the stall, and looked down at his dick. It wasn't hard enough for him to jerk, but he knew he had to do it. Nick peered through the cracks of the stall, looking out at the communal shower and staring at the few naked guys who were rubbing themselves beneath it. And then, he saw Francis. His seven-incher was hanging flaccid, before his two sweaty balls. Francis was already putting soap through his hair, and seemed to be looking right toward Nick. He could see Francis' groin, abs and chest in plain view, and realized that his cock was growing. It was eight inches now, hard and fat, sticking in the air just a bit. 

There was another guy in the shower who had a boner, and he was rubbing it without a care in the world. It seemed to Nick that no one cared what other guys were doing-whether it was cleaning their junk or jacking themselves off.

Nick couldn't believe it. Was Francis trying to show off to him? Nick's dick hadn't grown much-mostly out of fear-but his balls were swollen with fluid. Pushing away the curtains and growing a pair, Nick went to the shower head next to Francis, and began to lather himself up with soap.

Francis stared at him for a second, not sure what Nick was doing.

"Er, no hot water in there," Nick lied.

Nick tried not to watch Francis rubbing his chest, abs and balls, or massage his fat boner. His sleek, wet skin was so sexy, but Nick was still instilled with fear, and he practiced more math in his head. He still had half an erection, and it seemed as though Francis was looking right down at Nick's ass-he could feel him staring.

"You horny?" Francis suddenly asked, taking a quick look at Nick's cock to let him know he'd noticed it. He hadn't spoken loud enough for anyone to hear, but even if he had, the noise of the shower would have drowned out his voice.
