 Out In the Open

Nick and Matthew didn't wake up until the afternoon. By then, Matt had convinced Nick to stay a bit longer, and the beach hunk tempted him into it by making lunch for the two of them—dressed in literally nothing but an apron.

They ate some pasta together and then stayed in Matt's room, playing Madden 15 in their underwear. For the first time, Nick wasn't completely batshit nervous as he sat with one of the McCarthys. He was just enjoying the company and shouting over video games like any other dude. It was only when Matt started scratching his balls that things got weird. Nick got a boner off him in no time and had to fake an excuse to leave—he didn't want to get risk being caught here by Francis or his parents.

"You sure your parents want you home so early?" Matt asked him.

"Um, yeah. They need me to cut the grass and stuff. We have guests coming over tonight," Nick lied, quickly trying to think of which one of his family members would be visiting.

"Alright. Cool, man," Matt replied, getting Nick his clothes from the floor. He realized some of them were still covered in cum. "Hey... do you wanna exchange numbers or something? In case you wanna hang out again?"

As Nick pulled on his baggy shorts, he couldn't help but think of what Francis would say. Would he be pissed that Nick was fucking his brother? "Umm... sure. It'd be fun to hang out again." Nick knew he was underselling their morning together.

"Cool, little bro. I'll save your name under something different so no one finds out about us." He gave him a wink.

That got Nick interested—even Matt didn't want Francis knowing about their fuck session. Did Matt really want to keep this a secret? Or maybe it was just so his friends wouldn't find out. "Okay, thanks. It'll stay between us."

Matt smacked him on his ass on the way out and shot him a cocky smile. "See you 'round, brah."

Nick gave him an awkward nod. It was weird for him—he hadn't been treated this nice before. "Yup. See you around."

Tuesday night, Nick didn't wait until Matt or Francis texted him. He knew well enough that the two brothers would want to spend some actual time together so Nick decided that he could get off on his own. He thought about going to the gym to watch guys, but he didn't want to risk bumping into Francis or any other faces that might recognize him.

But something Nick hadn't done in a while was go to the rugby field at the local college. Even before Nick started fucking Francis, the teenager had been sneaking into rugby practices to watch the shirtless athletes sweat through their clothes and pull each other's shorts down as they tackled each other. He usually got a nice view of tight asses and bulging spandex. Nick figured he'd take up going to the fields again. It would be fun to switch things up.

As a cover up, Nick would bring his gym bag to practices, filled with swimming gear. The pool and rugby field shared the same locker room, and so if Nick got in at the right time, he could watch the college men strip naked and shower. It was still Spring Break, which meant the only students on the field were those who were keen on being the best athletes on the team. That also meant that they were the hottest.

But by the time Nick got around to going, it was night, which meant that there would be only a few jocks around. The darkness gave Nick a great cover, and he usually liked to hide under the bleachers to watch the studs play on the brightly-lit stadium. There were a couple cars parked in the lot, and as Nick made it to the team change rooms, he hoped he was going to have a good jerk off session.

Nick dropped his stuff at a bench and lazily undid his shoes, watching carefully to which guys were undressing. He was surprised when he heard someone drop their gym bag next to him.

"Sup Nick? Heard you were going to Cali next week?" asked Dustin Binning. He was on both the college football and rugby team. He had a soft face with windswept blond hair and brown eyes. He had a couple of freckles on his face and large, broad shoulders with nice arms and a chest to match. He was two inches taller than Nick. Dustin was best friends with Nick's older brother, Scott, but whereas Scott had gone to California for school, Dustin had stayed in town. Nick and Dustin were pretty familiar with each other.

"Uh, yup. Gonna go check out U of C."

"Nice. You got in, right?" He was wearing a plaid shirt, thick jeans and a pair of collared boots—typical southern, male attire.

"Yeah. And UCLA too. Conditional acceptance. I have to keep my grades up."

"Not bad, dude, not bad." Dustin was getting out some athletic clothing from his gym bag. Nick was sure he saw a box of condoms inside.

"You, uh, still going to A&M college?" Nick asked him.

"Yup, thinking of transferring to Texas State next year, though."

Nick nodded his head. He was watching Dustin strip down out of the corner of his eyes. The first thing to come off was his shirt. He had a hint of abs—only because he was naturally skinny. But his chest, shoulders and arms definitely showed time well spent in the gym. He had hairy, blond pits and dark nipples that stuck out in the cold night air. Other than a faint happy trail from his navel, and dusted forearms, he seemed as hairless as Matt.

Nick took his own shirt off, throwing it into his gym bag and sitting down to slowly undo his shoelaces.

"Any other plans for break?" Nick asked him, trying to make himself seem as normal as possible.

"Nah, my parents want to save up for summer, so we can go someplace nice."

"Oh okay," Nick said lamely. He engaged him a few times in conversation, watching him take off his clothes. By now, Dustin had taken off his jeans. He was wearing a short pair of boxers, thigh-length, and had no problem slipping them off too. Dustin almost showed Nick his asshole as he bent over to get his underwear.

Dustin's ass was a pale white. The rest of his body was nicely tanned, but his butt was colorless. It was pretty meaty for a guy his age, and his strong legs made him look especially hot; it framed his ass nicely.

Nick asked a couple more general questions. He half-paid attention to whatever lame answer Dustin gave back, and instead focused on the teen's circumcised dick. It was five inches soft, swinging to and fro, slapping into his low-hanging balls. There was about two feet of distance between Nick and Dustin, but he could clearly smell the musk of piss and cum wafting from his sweaty nuts. His glowing blond pubes didn't seem to be any cleaner.

Dustin scratched his dick nonchalantly, even squeezing it gently with his hand. Then, Dustin pulled out a jockstrap, pulling it over his junk and fitting the straps underneath his ass. He walked around a bit, stretching his legs awkwardly and getting everything to fit. He put his hand inside the sack, adjusting his penis and shifting around his balls. Then, he pulled on a pair of board shorts and a tank top that showed off his chest and nipples.

"See ya later, bro."

Nick barely realized what Dustin had said. He was still too busy drooling over his fat cock. "Yeah, man. See ya."

Once a few more guys had left the locker room, Nick proceeded to look through the lost and found. Here was an assortment of junk that sometimes gave Nick something nice to jack off to—occasionally he'd find labelled underwear (he found it arousing to sniff the dirty, cum-stained boxers of a hot soccer player), used compression shorts and best of all, dirty jockstraps.

Nick had found a of couple condoms in the showers before too, and he'd hoped of finding the culprits in action by sporadically checking around the lockers. But so far, all he'd seen was a lacrosse player trying to jerk off and a random guy fingering himself.

As Nick sifted through old socks, mismatched shoes and sweaty basketball jerseys, he came upon the catch of the day—a mesh jockstrap that smelled of cum. Making sure no one was around, Nick got out of his own briefs and slipped on the strap. It was a perfect fit.

There was no name tag, but he knew that at this college, the only people who wore straps were athletes. And Nick couldn't think of any athletes that he didn't want to fuck him up the ass. Nick adjusted his growing boner, putting a hand through his ass and felt up his bulge. It felt great on him.

He pulled on his board shorts and packed away his things. He'd pretend to go down to the pool later—right now he had jocks to watch. He went through a different exit to the fields, which was much closer to the bleachers. He climbed over the rail guards and hid underneath the bleachers.

The stadium lights shone brightly in the dark night sky, making it the perfect time for hot guys to whip off their shirts and relax in the cool stadium. As Nick pulled up an old crate of tennis balls to sit on, he could already see about three boys passing each other the ball. Their muscular arms flexed as they passed to each other, and they bent low to catch it, making their asses look extra plump.

One of the guys, a messy, brown-haired beauty with fair skin and green eyes, was especially hot out there. He was also wearing a tank top, one that was clearly too tight for him. His chest bulged through the fabric and his neck line was unnecessarily low. He was definitely putting on a show for the few girls watching them from underneath a tree on the other side of the field. But Nick suddenly realized that this guy was an awful lot familiar. The thick legs, ripped arms, the hairy chest and messy hair... and those green eyes. Nick's hear skipped a beat.

It was Francis McCarthy.

It dawned to Nick why Francis hadn't texted him about meeting up. The jock probably just needed some time to hang with his bros, probably to feel normal again after having fucked Nick so many times. Nick guessed that it was also an attempt to pick up a girl. Francis looked hotter than usual, maybe because of the sporty attire, and he was already a bit sweaty. Realizing his luck, Nick decided to stay and watch the guys play a casual game of rugby. It wouldn't hurt to get to know what kind of player Francis was.

Francis' tank top was white, and now that he was sweating profusely—running across the field, catching balls, grunting wildly and humping the air when he got a touchdown—Nick could see his abs and fat pink nipples. The cloth clung to his skin, even riding up with his movement to reveal a furry patch of brown hair on his deep v-lines, and a wild forest of pubes below. Realizing how hot he was feeling, Francis ripped his shirt off and threw it aside.

As one of the other boys failed to tackle Francis while he sprinted, the jock turned around and thrust his pelvis into the air, yelling "SUCK IT!" Nick would have taken that offer in an instant. But he was too distracted by what he'd just seen. As Francis fucked the air before him, Nick saw something in his silky shorts flop upward. It was his loose, sweaty dick.

Nick rubbed his boner, realizing that Francis was playing rugby commando. Why hadn't he see him in the locker room? As Francis began to run around again, jumping, dashing and hopping, Nick saw every movement of his dick through his shorts, and whenever he stopped to catch his breath, he could see the monstrous imprint against the cloth. He had a towel sticking out from his ass, which helped reveal the crack of his fat bubble-butt. He turned around, allowing Nick to see his rippling, muscled back as his arms moved.

As Francis stuck the towel back into his shorts, Nick saw the waistline move down, revealing half of his ass cheek. Nick's heart jumped, having seen an evenly-tanned rump. As the boys huddled up to start another imaginary round, Francis smacked the third boy in the ass—his name was Jonathan—causing him to smile. "Nice catch, nice catch," Francis said to him.

"Come on, boys," Dustin said, sweeping some of the moist hair from his face and sticking a hand down his shorts, adjusting the balls in his strap. "Let's make this a good one."

"You jackin off, Binning?" Francis asked him.

"Yeah bro, thinkin of how I fucked Stacey's pussy last night."

"Shut the fuck up man."

"Francis you sure you can still get it up after takin that kick to your balls?"

"Binning, I got more testosterone in my left nut than you have in your entire body."

"Aww, shit McCarthy. If Stacey had known that, maybe she wouldn't have broke up with you."

"Suck my cock, Binning."

"You homo now?"

This caught Francis off-guard. He grit his teeth and told Dustin to shut up. But the boys bantered on, grabbing each others asses as they huddled up to start their game. As Dustin bent over, holding the rugby ball on the ground, Francis came behind him and slapped his ass with his groin.

"Fuck you!" Dustin yelled. Then, he rubbed the rugby ball onto his crotch, getting his dick-sweat all over it. "You want it now?"

"Shut up and bend over, bitch."

"Quit touching my ass, homo."

Jonathan rolled his eyes at them. "Guys, just shut up and play."

"Alright, get ready!"

Nick touched himself, watching the boy's glistening, half-naked bodies stretch and contract, showing off their muscles and pumping themselves up with adrenaline. Whenever Francis got a touchdown, he'd flex his arms and yell in a low grunt, huffing out steaming air. He adjusted the growing boner in his shorts, as if he was getting hot on his own ego.

Nick felt his dick throbbing, pressing against his shorts and leaking pre-cum on his leg. He watched the boys move, their exposed thighs pumping and their asses bouncing up and down. He wanted to lick the sweat off their fuzzy abs and hairy chests, to drown himself in their balls and choke on their fat dicks. Nick watched as they flirted with the girls who continued staring, and then wipe themselves down with their shirts. It was almost an hour later when they began to head back inside.

Despite having a massive case of blue balls—now Nick remembered why he stopped coming to rugby practices—Nick was quick to take his stuff back inside, take off the jockstrap, and change into his swim trunks. He got under the shower to make it look like he'd been in a pool, and headed back to the locker room to watch the studs change. His heart raced as he realized that first, they'd go shower.

The men were quick to throw their sweaty shirts aside and then whip off their shorts. Nick strategically chose the lockers across from the showers, taking care to cover his now soaking swim trunks with a towel—he didn't need the boys seeing his boner. The rugby players took off their underwear and pranced around buck naked without a care in the world. Looking as how beat they were, none of them made any snide comments about each other's junk—perhaps also because they were all so well-endowed.

Francis was slowly pulling down his shorts, revealing his commando junk. The front of his shorts were blotched with sweat stains and what looked to be pre-cum. He'd definitely gotten a hard-on while playing with his bros. Not expecting any different, Francis had the largest flaccid dick: six inches long, uncut, with a stark forest of pubes encircling his entire groin. He had a nice tanned ass and hairy thighs, all of which made Nick's cock spit out more pre-cum. Francis' muscled legs sat underneath his well-defined, hairy v-lines, as if they were giant arrows pointing to his fat cock.

Francis walked slowly past Nick, not at all noticing him. Nick was about to say something when he realized that the jock's other friends were still around. But also, Nick was afraid. What if Matt had told Francis that they'd fucked? Would Francis be mad at Matthew? Or worse—would Francis be mad at Nick? He decided it was best just to stay silent and watch.

Francis walked to the showers, with wide legs that made his loose balls swing erratically and made slapping noises as they smacked into his big thighs. Nick could smell his sweaty, dirty, musk. It was as though the jock hadn't washed his balls in a week. And he smelled like piss.

Nick discreetly watched Francis' dick flop around on top of his nuts and as he turned to enter the communal shower, he got a great view of the stud's bouncing ass. Francis lumbered over to a shower head, rubbing his big, aching shoulders and scratching his filthy pubes. Nick was desperate to suck him off right then and there—to tell Francis that he'd suck the cum out of his dick like never before. And that he'd swallow every last drop.

But because Francis wasn't alone in the locker room, Nick didn't say a word. He didn't even move around while he changed into dry clothes—in order to not risk being seen by the college guys.

Jonathan, the second guy, was stick skinny with a flat ass and chest. The only thing he had going for him was a pleasant face, a big dick and a pretty laid back attitude towards others. He'd taken off his compression shorts quickly after Francis got naked, giving Nick time to focus his attention on Dustin.

Dustin pulled down his board shorts and rubbed the front of his sweat-stained jockstrap. It looked like a size too small, since his blond pubes stuck out in the many gaps and his left nut was hanging out from below. Dustin took the strap off, revealing a slightly-hard dick and two low hanging balls. Dustin cut cock was about five inches big, even though he was barely hard. He rubbed the crack of his ass with a hand and played with his balls for a second when he thought no one was watching. Then he walked over to the showers.

Nick watched his boner disappear as Dustin walked plainly into view, rubbing the sweat from his long pubes and stretching his big arms. His thick ass twitched as he walked, and his balls bounced with every step. Soon Dustin was underneath a steady stream of water, rubbing himself down and stroking his dick.

Nick was more fascinated by Francis, perhaps because of his arrogance and general air of sportiness. He was rubbing his cock eagerly, and then seemed to be putting water in between his two fat, meaty cheeks. He glided his rough hands over his big, hairy chest, and then his abs and pubes. When he was wet enough, he smacked Dustin on his ass and walked right out, still buck naked and his dick swinging. He grinned as he tapped his friend's ass. But Francis still hadn't noticed Nick.

Francis didn't even wrap a towel around his junk as he left the showers. He just sat down on a bench, dick flopping downward, scrolling through his phone. With a dick that big, Francis didn't have to worry about being embarrassed or covering it up. He enjoyed the attention that his penis got.

Dustin and Jonathan got dressed quickly after, wrapping their groins with a towel and putting on some fresh underwear. Then they pulled on their other clothes and left soon after, but Francis was still sitting on the bench with his phone, his dick hanging out.

Nick was confused. Should he just get dressed and go too? Or should he wait until Francis had gone? But he didn't have time to think it through. Suddenly Francis changed into his same, sweaty shirt and dirty little rugby shorts. He wore nothing underneath, which made for nice bulges to show through the damp cloth. Nick dressed quickly too and packed up his own stuff. The he carefully followed the jock out of the locker room. Francis was headed for the parking lot.

Francis walked slowly, still free-balling it, to his truck. He threw his bag in the back seat but as he did so, Nick thought he saw something a bit weird. It was hard to tell with it being so dark in the parking lot, but Nick was close enough to see what it was. Francis had put a hand down his sweaty shorts and was stroking his fat cock—in public.

The jock's penis was now at full-mast. His cock was a full eight inches. It was sticking upward like a baton, throbbing as he stood next to his car. Francis just stayed there, hidden nicely between two cars, and began jacking himself off. Then he pulled his shorts down, exposing his big, loose balls, his hairy thighs, and his fat, beefy ass. No one was around to see Francis do it, and even if someone did walk by, they wouldn't be able to make much out in the dark. 'Was this really happening?' Nick thought to himself.
