 WARNING: this chapter contains incest between two brothers. This story is in no way true to the events of the story, or 'canon', and is merely a dream that the main character has. If you do not wish to read this chapter, please skip it and go on to chapter 8. Again, the events of this part are not true to the story and is merely a non-canon spin off.

 ***

A Very Wet Dream



The same day that both the McCarthy brothers had fucked him, Nick got drunk at their house before he left. He headed home with a sore ass that ached with each step he took. Both hunks had fucked him hard, and he thought about them every time he sat down, with a smile on his face. Nick fell asleep in bed thinking about their erect dicks and sweaty, bulging bodies. Unknowingly, he leaked a bit in his bed, whispering their names as he drifted into sleep. He dreamt of long, endless days with the two hunks, and how they'd pile load after load into his ass and mouth, planting their seed deep within him and using him to get off. It was the best dream he had in a long time. 

 However, the booze had made his mind race with other, stranger dreams. They were about things he'd thought about only in secret, things that didn't even make sense. He thought of Francis and Matt... their sexy, herculean bodies and the way both of the brothers had fought over him. How they'd both just worked together to fuck Nick until all three of them came.

 It rained hard that night, which was a relief after the strange, warm weather they'd been having recently. The pattering of the rain seeped into Nick's dreams, and soon he found himself in the strangest of thoughts. He snuggled up into his bed, his naked body embracing the sheets and his penis stirring in arousal. He had a hard-on in no time, and though he wasn't aware of it, the teenager was in for a very wet dream...

 ...

 Nick dreamt of the next morning. It was the day that Matt was also going back to California. His flight was at twelve but that didn't stop him from hanging out with his bro, even with the rain. That morning, Francis and Matthew had managed to get up early and headed outside to toss a football between each other. It would be a while since they'd see each other again, so the two bros wanted to spend a little bit more time with each other.

 They played in their little rugby shorts, which got just as wet as the rest of them, and threw the ball back and forth, occasionally going long or tackling one another. Their shirts were off, which meant that the downpour soaked their hard, muscular bodies on the field. While they played, the two of them talked about sports, sex, and most importantly, Nick.

 "So... you're sure you weren't weirded out by last night?" Matt asked him, catching the football easily in his large biceps and then tossing it back to his brother.

 Francis shook his head, while pushing his hair out of his face. "Nah. Besides, it was my idea. You guys deserved to fuck one last time before you left, and I was just really horny."

 Matt laughed, catching the ball again. "Double-teaming with you is fun, bro. Remember back when we fucked Alyssa?"

 Francis suddenly turned red, trying to hide his embarrassment. The both of them had fucked the chick good—Francis' dick impaled her pussy while Matt stuck his junk in her ass. It suddenly made since why Matt had volunteered to take the back door. "Yeah, dude," he chuckled, grinning like a pervert. "I remember."

 Matt caught the ball and threw it back, watching the rain slick off his brother's beefy body. The water ran down his large, broad shoulders and veiny traps. His wide, chunky pecs were covered in fine, brown hair, which ran down the rest of his body: down his six-pack, across his waist and then it grew into a wild jungle at his crotch. Francis' happy trail was a forest of its own, and the pubes around his dick were just as densely populated. 

 Francis' stubble had grown out, and the hair on his head was beginning to get long too. It was a bit curly now, but still entirely messy, especially in the rain. His prominent cheek bones and bright green eyes set him apart from other guys, and not for the first time, Matt realized just how hot his younger brother was.

 "I wish we could do that more often," Matt muttered, "y'know... fuck some holes together." Matt threw the ball to him. Francis' hairy abs rippled as he stretched to catch the ball. His biceps were large and veiny, and his soft, rugged face scrunched up into a grunt as he took the ball in his hands. Matt watched Francis' shorts stretch up as he jumped to catch the football. 

 Francis laughed again, looking at Matthew. "Who's hole, exactly? Nick?" Francis' muscular, hairy thighs were exposed for all the world to see, and the bulge in his shorts was fairly obvious. More water ran down Francis' half-naked body, and what little clothing he had on was dripping heavily. 

 Matt could see the long, thick imprint of Francis' dick sticking against the cloth, and the base of his member was visible through his long pubes as Francis caught the ball. Matt shook his head at him. "No. Not Nick. I know you have feelings for him."

 Francis tensed. "No I don't."

 "Don't lie to me, bro. You basically admitted it to me the other day."

 Francis tossed the ball at him angrily. Matt could see the muscles on Francis' thighs jiggle, and his loose, wet balls shook in his tiny, sporty attire. "He's a good guy and I just don't want him to get hurt. So what if I care about him?"

 Matt shrugged. His brother was cute when he was angry—cuter than usual. He wondered why it was so hard for him to get a girl. "There's nothing wrong with it, Francis. Except, you ought to tell Nick how you feel. What if he finds someone else to fuck? What if he gets a boyfriend? You'll feel like shit when he leaves you for someone else."

 Francis caught the ball and squeezed it hard with his palms. The veins in his biceps popped and his arms flexed violently, along with his abs and pecs. He was definitely angry, but he wasn't sure at what (or who) exactly. "Nick can do whatever the fuck he wants. I don't give a shit. As long as he doesn't skip out on me when I need sex, I really don't care. I don't have feelings for him."

 Matt shook his head. "Francis... don't be like that."

 "Like what, Matt? What exactly am I being?"

 "You're being a pussy. You're scared of what you might feel for Nick. I'm telling you to face your feelings so that you don't get hurt when Nick finds someone else, like he found me when you weren't hitting it right."

 Francis hesitated, then angrily threw the ball at Matt, almost catching him in the face. Matt expected as such, and didn't blame him. He'd pushed the few buttons that Francis didn't like. His younger brother was very protective of his masculinity, especially when Matt was around, so this response wasn't a surprise.

 Matt tried to reason with him. "You shouldn't care about what others will think, Francis. Just do what you feel is right," he said, scratching his wet balls as he kept the football from Francis. His brother had his hands on his waist, waiting for Matt to pass the football back. His cleats were soaked and his bare legs were still dripping, along with his brawny torso and bulging member.

 "Take some time. Go hunting or something, maybe a night in the woods. Just clear your mind and think about what you want. I'm trying to help you, bro. I've been through this before and when I didn't act on my feelings, I got hurt real bad."

 Francis looked to the ground, not sure what to make of things. His brother usually gave great advice and hadn't steered him wrong before, especially when it came to girls. But this was different—this had to do with a guy. And if Francis knew anything, it was that all guys wanted sex. What if that was all Nick wanted from Francis? He had no intention of embarrassing himself in front of him. "I guess..." he started.

 Matt grinned, rubbing his wet ass. "Trust me. It'll help. A day or two away from all this." He threw the ball back, making Francis' pecs bounce as he went long to catch it. When Francis finally ran back towards him, he had a faint smile on his face. He walked right up to Matt and threw the football down, opening his arms to embrace Matt in a hug.

 "Thanks, man..." Francis whispered, feeling his brother's wet, slippery body against his. They patted each other's backs, and their groins pressed each other. They could feel the other dude's wet dick, but they didn't care. They were brothers and had seen each other naked more times than they could count. And most importantly, they loved one another.

 Matt gave Francis a short little kiss on his cheek, slapping his ass. "No prob, bro." Then, as Francis pulled away from their hug, Matt put a hand down to his brother's crotch and bounced his loose, wet balls in his hands, teasing him. "Now you gonna turn soft on me or are we gonna play?"

 Francis smacked Matt's arms away, laughing. He picked up the ball and passed it to Matt, running away so that his brother could throw a long one. His powerful, burly thighs surged with power as he planted his legs into the tough ground, running across the open field to intercept the throw. His large, half-naked body was drenched in rain and more came down on his wet muscles, cooling his hot, pumping body.

 Matt threw him a pass and watched as his brother ran into the ground to catch it, sliding across the wet grass. When he got up, his whole front was covered in mud, and his body looked even hotter than before. He was a dirty guy, and it kinda turned Matt on. If it wasn't for the cold water, Matt would have had a tent in his shorts right about then.

 "That was a dirty throw!" Francis yelled, laughing as he tried to get the mud off his cock. He pulled his shorts down, not caring if Matt saw his long, fat member, and rubbed the dirt off himself. 

 "No, you just suck dick at catching!" Matt grunted, teasing his brother.

 Francis shook his head, laughing some more as he watched Matt pretend to hump the air at him. Then, when Francis wasn't looking, Matthew stuck a hand down his shorts and adjusted himself. Talking about Nick had aroused him, and he suddenly realized just how much he was going to miss the teenager. But Nick belonged to Francis—not Matt. He'd just have to find someone else. And right then, it looked like he might have found a hole to distract him. Or maybe, it was a dick he was after...

 Francis was running towards him with the ball, pretending to dodge big players and twirling stupidly in the air to bypass the opponent. Then, he passed the ball to Matt, mud still covering most of his bare body, and chased after him, seeing if he could catch up and get him in a tackle.

 Matt went slow deliberately. He could tel that Francis was having some issues with his masculinity and he knew that Francis looked up to him in every way. He didn't want his brother to feel any worse, so he let Francis tackle him. He regret it instantly.

 Matt's shorts came down to his ankles in a flash as he hit the muddy ground. He felt Francis's arms and face on his calves, and his own dick was cold and wet.

 "Fuck!" Matt yelled, turning around suddenly and desperately trying to pull his shorts back up. He saw Francis sitting up, laughing hysterically as he stared at Matt's ass and dick, flopping around in the wet dirt.

 "Shut up," Matt laughed back, his face turning pink. Francis was sitting with his legs wide apart, and his balls bulging through his trunks. There was mud all over his lower body and he was too tired to even care. The two brothers just sat on the cold ground, laughing and giggling, until they finally found the strength to get back up. They trudged back up to the house, kicking off their shoes and heading upstairs to shower.

 "Good game, boys?" their father asked, raising an eyebrow as his two filthy sons came stomping through the kitchen.

 "Yeah, dad, " Matt smiled.

 "You two better clean up before your mother sees," he told them, drinking coffee out of his mug. "We're not driving you to the airport like that."

 Francis scratched at his muddy balls, which were sticking out of his shorts by now. "We're on it."

 Their father gave Matt a spank on his ass before they went upstairs, then sat down and began to read the paper. He missed seeing his boys hanging out.

 It didn't take long for the both of them to get naked. Francis and Matt lumbered into the same shower, turning on the water and hastily rubbing the dirt off their bodies. They squeezed in under the shower head, occasionally pushing and punching each other in order to get directly beneath it. The boys liked being physical with each other and it showed.

 "Quit touching my ass, dude," Francis laughed.

 "Then stop staring at my dick," Matt retorted.

 Francis rubbed his slick, hairy body, getting rid of the mud and watching it run down his long, flaccid dick. He squeezed his member and pulled on it, touching himself in pleasure while cleaning. Matt easily noticed his brother getting a bit hard and wondered what exactly he was up to. He also wondered if he could get away with doing the same thing.

 Matt turned around so that his fat, meaty ass was facing his brother. He knew Francis enjoyed a good, bulky butt. Matt rubbed his cheeks and ran the water through his crack, before stepping close enough to Francis so that his butt rubbed up against Francis' dick. The hairy jock didn't object, aware that there wasn't much space for the two of them in the shower.

 When Matt turned back around, his dick was half hard, although it was too heavy to stick upward. It was a large, pole of man meat, throbbing violently and rising with each passing second. It wouldn't be long until Matthew was fully erect.

 Francis couldn't help but stare at his brother's large member. He tugged on his own dick, feeling blood gush through his shaft. He was also getting harder by the second, and he wanted sweet release.

 Matt was rubbing his cock, stroking his shaft gently as Francis watched on, doing the same to his own dick. Matt let him watch, teasing him a little and letting him rub up on his butt. Francis felt his mouth water, and he knew that in a few moments, he would be just as hard as his brother was.

 Matt was rubbing his schlong now, fapping at a good pace, swinging his low balls wildly back and forth. He was almost fully erect, but his head was completely exposed, jutting out from his foreskin. Then, he picked up his speed, slowly thrusting the air and grunting with each jerking motion. 

 Francis stared, bleary-eyed, as his brother jacked off in front of him. He'd seen him do it countless times before, and Matt had seen Francis do it, but this was different. Matt was inches away from Francis' body, and his ass was rubbing up on the jock's side.

 "You don't mind... if I jerk off, right?" Matt huffed, leaning against the tiled wall and arching his back, as if to show Francis what he was missing out on.

 "N-no," Francis answered, absent-mindedly rubbing his own erection, which was covered in bulging blue veins. His brother was making him horny.

 "Fuck," Matt muttered, humping the air fast, ripping his arm back and forth as his balls jerked all of the place and his penis shot pre-cum all over the wall.

 "Uhhhhnnn..." Francis moaned silently, feeling his dick stiffen and convulse in his hand. He was jacking off too now, going a little quicker than before. His one hand cupped his balls while his other pleasured his fat pink cock.

 Francis watched, mesmerized, as the stud thrusted the air, making his fat ass clench and expelling deep, powerful moans and grunts. The jock continued to wank, rubbing his ass with one hand and his member with the other. Was it not for the sound of the shower coming down beside him, Francis was sure the entire house would be filled with Matt's horny groans, the fapping sound of his foreskin, and his balls smacking into his legs.

 "Uhhhnnn... fuck," Matthew muttered.

 Matt's hand was moving fast, and his air-humping got even faster. Francis felt his own dick aching for release as he jerked himself off. Francis was fapping hard, pulling on his wet dick and slicking his head up with pre-cum. He stood next to Matt, their bodies grazing each other, and began humping the air like his brother. He was breathing quick, deep breaths, biting his lips and groaning as his brother moaned in pleasure.

 Matt was close. He jerked off quickly pounding on the wall as he wanked. His big, nine inch boner was a monster, ready to erupt like a volcano, spewing his priceless jock-seed all over the shower. He was driving himself into the air furiously, moaning and grunting like a horny caveman. Testosterone coursed through his veins and blood was making his muscles swell up.

 His ego got bigger as he listened to his brother's own horny grunts and groans. The two brothers bonded as they jacked off together, their bodies touching, Francis ass was pressed up next to Matt's, their bare, wet skin hot with blood and sliding off one another. Their legs were flat against the other's , and Matt had an excellent view of his brother's red dick, ready to shoot its load all over.

 "Fuckkk!" Matt yelled, throwing his head back as he began to ejaculate. He felt the fat load rip through his cock and erupt out of his tip, setting his whole shaft on fire and sending unfathomable jolts of pleasure up his spine, making his whole bulky body shiver erratically. He jizzed all over the shower, watching as his load burst from his thick dick and painted the floor with his sperm.

 Matt had finished so hard that his own cum had shot a meter through the air before landing on the tiled walls of the shower. Matt stood in the shower for a long while, feeling more jerks of pleasure racing through his entire groin and shivers entering his dick like he'd just came for the first time. Matt knew his brother was staring at him and his dick, but he realized that Francis pace had slowed. Almost as if he was waiting for something...

 "Need a hand?" Matt said, putting his cum-covered palm to his brother's stiff, leaking member. He covered his head, massing it through his skin and let his spunk spew out of it. Then he used his fingers to find his way inside the foreskin, rubbing his brother's raw glans and using the water to clean his cock.

 "Fuck..." Francis moaned, closing his eyes as his brother slipped his head in-between his knuckles, using his hard fingers to milk his tip. As much as Francis enjoyed the feeling, he didn't want to cum so quickly. He let Matt pleasure him for a while before he pushed his hand away.

 "Wait... I wanna watch some porn first," Francis said, wishing his boner would go down. He felt like a single step would result in him busting his nut.

 Matt nodded, knowing he had his brother right where we wanted him, and that soon, things between them would get even better...

 They helped each other lather up on soap and then quickly rinsed off, stepping out of the shower and wiping themselves messily with a towel. When they were relatively dry, Francis crashed on Matt's bed. His brother was still buck naked and with his cock hanging right out, but he didn't seem to mind having Francis around. They were usually naked around each other anyway, but they eventually put on some underwear after Francis found a pair for each of them.

 They still had a few hours before Matt had to leave, so they made the most of it. It was just the two brothers in Matt's room, with nothing on but their boxers and a long bong to smoke out of. Matt's put some porn up on his TV, but the two bros had been so used to it that their half-hard dicks barely reacted to the good parts. The curtains were drawn, there was food all over the floor, and a whole shelf full of empty beer bottles from last night.

 "That week went by fast," Francis said, scratching his balls through his boxers.
