 This instalment is a continuation of the events from chapter 6. Chapter 7 was merely a spin-off that was not canon or true to the storyline. However, this chapter is canon and continues the story from where we last left off in #6. Thanks for understanding.

***

Keeping Warm

The same day that both the McCarthy brothers had fucked him, Nick got drunk at their house before he left. He headed home with a sore ass that ached with each step he took. Both hunks had fucked him hard, and he thought about them every time he sat down, with a smile on his face. Nick fell asleep in bed thinking about their erect dicks and sweaty, bulging bodies. Unknowingly, he leaked a bit in his bed, whispering their names as he drifted into sleep. He dreamt of long, endless days with the two hunks, and how they'd pile load after load into his ass and mouth, planting their seed deep within him and using him to get off. It was the best dream he had in a long time.

It rained hard that night, which was a relief after the strange, warm weather they'd been having recently. Nick would be leaving for California in two days time and was excited to have some cold before he left. He heard California could get even hotter than Texas around this time.

The next morning was the day that Matt was also going back to California. His flight was at twelve but that didn't stop him from hanging out with his bro, even with the rain. That morning, Francis and Matthew had managed to get up early and headed outside to toss a football between each other. It would be a while since they'd see each other again, so the two bros wanted to spend a little bit more time with each other.

They played in their little rugby shorts, which got just as wet as the rest of them, and threw the ball back and forth, occasionally going long or tackling one another. Their shirts were off, which meant that the downpour soaked their hard, muscular bodies on the field. While they played, the two of them talked about sports, sex, and most importantly, Nick.

"So... you're sure you weren't weirded out by last night?" Matt asked him, catching the football easily in his large biceps and then tossing it back to his brother.

Francis shook his head, while pushing his hair out of his face. "Nah. Besides, it was my idea. You guys deserved to fuck one last time before you left, and I was just really horny."

Matt laughed, catching the ball again. "That was surprisingly fun. You really enjoy it?"

"Yeah, dude," he chuckled, grinning like a pervert. "It was nice."

Matt caught the ball and threw it back, watching the rain slick off his brother's beefy body. The water ran down his large, broad shoulders and veiny traps. His wide, chunky pecs were covered in fine, brown hair, which ran down the rest of his body: down his six-pack, across his waist and then it grew into a wild jungle at his crotch. Francis' happy trail was a forest of its own, and the pubes around his dick were just as densely populated. 

Francis' stubble had grown out, and the hair on his head was beginning to get long too. It was a bit curly now, but still entirely messy, especially in the rain. His prominent cheek bones and bright green eyes set him apart from other guys, and not for the first time, Matt realized just how hot his younger brother was. No wonder Nick liked him so much.

"I wish we could do that more often," Matt muttered, "y'know... fuck some holes together." Matt threw the ball to him. Francis' hairy abs rippled as he stretched to catch the ball. His biceps were large and veiny, and his soft, rugged face scrunched up into a grunt as he took the ball in his hands. Matt watched Francis' shorts stretch up as he jumped to catch the football. 

Francis laughed again, looking at Matthew. "Who's hole, exactly? Nick?" Francis' muscular, hairy thighs were exposed for all the world to see, and the bulge in his shorts was fairly obvious. More water ran down Francis' half-naked body, and what little clothing he had on was dripping heavily. 

Matt could see the long, thick imprint of Francis' dick sticking against the cloth, and the base of his member was visible through his long pubes as Francis caught the ball. Matt shook his head at him. "No. Not Nick. I know you have feelings for him."

Francis tensed. "No I don't."

"Don't lie to me, bro. You basically admitted it to me the other day."

Francis tossed the ball at him angrily. Matt could see the muscles on Francis' thighs jiggle, and his loose, wet balls shook in his tiny, sporty attire. "He's a good guy and I just don't want him to get hurt. So what if I care about him?"

Matt shrugged. His brother was cute when he was angry—cuter than usual. He wondered why it was so hard for him to get a girl. "There's nothing wrong with it, Francis. Except, you ought to tell Nick how you feel. What if he finds someone else to fuck? What if he gets a boyfriend? You'll feel like shit when he leaves you for someone else."

Francis caught the ball and squeezed it hard with his palms. The veins in his biceps popped and his arms flexed violently, along with his abs and pecs. He was definitely angry, but he wasn't sure at what (or who) exactly. "Nick can do whatever the fuck he wants. I don't give a shit. As long as he doesn't skip out on me when I need sex, I really don't care. I don't have feelings for him."

Matt shook his head. "Francis... don't be like that."

"Like what, Matt? What exactly am I being?"

"You're being a pussy. You're scared of what you might feel for Nick. I'm telling you to face your feelings so that you don't get hurt when Nick finds someone else, like he found me when you weren't hitting it right."

Francis hesitated, then angrily threw the ball at Matt, almost catching him in the face. Matt expected as such, and didn't blame him. He'd pushed the few buttons that Francis didn't like. His younger brother was very protective of his masculinity, especially when Matt was around, so this response wasn't a surprise.

Matt tried to reason with him. "You shouldn't care about what others will think, Francis. Just do what you feel is right," he said, scratching his wet balls as he kept the football from Francis. His brother had his hands on his waist, waiting for Matt to pass the football back. His cleats were soaked and his bare legs were still dripping, along with his brawny torso and bulging member.

"Take some time. Go hunting or something, maybe a night in the woods. Just clear your mind and think about what you want. I'm trying to help you, bro. I've been through this before and when I didn't act on my feelings, I got hurt real bad."

Francis looked to the ground, not sure what to make of things. His brother usually gave great advice and hadn't steered him wrong before, especially when it came to girls. But this was different—this had to do with a guy. And if Francis knew anything, it was that all guys wanted sex. What if that was all Nick wanted from Francis? He had no intention of embarrassing himself in front of him. "I guess..." he started.

Matt grinned, rubbing his wet ass. "Trust me. It'll help. A day or two away from all this." He threw the ball back, making Francis' pecs bounce as he went long to catch it. When Francis finally ran back towards him, he had a faint smile on his face. He walked right up to Matt and threw the football down, opening his arms to embrace Matt in a hug.

"Thanks, man..." Francis whispered, feeling his brother's wet, slippery body against his. They patted each other's backs, and their groins pressed each other. They could feel the other dude's wet dick, but they didn't care. They were brothers and had seen each other naked more times than they could count. And most importantly, they loved one another.

Matt gave Francis a short little kiss on his cheek, slapping his ass. "No prob, bro." Then, as Francis pulled away from their hug, Matt put a hand down to his brother's crotch and bounced his loose, wet balls in his hands, teasing him. "Now you gonna turn soft on me or are we gonna play?"

Francis smacked Matt's arms away, laughing. He picked up the ball and passed it to Matt, running away so that his brother could throw a long one. His powerful, burly thighs surged with power as he planted his legs into the tough ground, running across the open field to intercept the throw. His large, half-naked body was drenched in rain and more came down on his wet muscles, cooling his hot, pumping body.

Matt threw him a pass and watched as his brother ran into the ground to catch it, sliding across the wet grass. When he got up, his whole front was covered in mud, and his body looked even hotter than before. He was a dirty guy, and it kinda turned Matt on. If it wasn't for the cold water, Matt would have had a tent in his shorts right about then.

"That was a dirty throw!" Francis yelled, laughing as he tried to get the mud off his cock. He pulled his shorts down, not caring if Matt saw his long, fat member, and rubbed the dirt off himself. 

"No, you just suck dick at catching!" Matt grunted, teasing his brother.

Francis shook his head, laughing some more as he watched Matt pretend to hump the air at him. Then, when Francis wasn't looking, Matthew stuck a hand down his shorts and adjusted himself. Talking about Nick had aroused him, and he suddenly realized just how much he was going to miss the teenager. But Nick belonged to Francis—not Matt. He'd just have to find someone else. And right then, it looked like he might have found a hole to distract him. Or maybe, it was a dick he was after...

Francis was running towards him with the ball, pretending to dodge big players and twirling stupidly in the air to bypass the opponent. Then, he passed the ball to Matt, mud still covering most of his bare body, and chased after him, seeing if he could catch up and get him in a tackle.

Matt went slow deliberately. He could tell that Francis was having some issues with his masculinity and he knew that Francis looked up to him in every way. He didn't want his brother to feel any worse, so he let Francis tackle him. He regret it instantly.

Matt's shorts nearly slipped off in the tackle, which was pretty rough. They both fell into the mud, covered in dirt, sweat and rain. 

Francis got up quickly, wiping the dirt off his face. There was mud all over his lower body and Matt was every worse off then him. They began to laugh and smile at each other.. The two brothers just sat on the cold ground, laughing at each other, until they finally found the strength to get back up. They trudged back up to the house, kicking off their shoes and heading upstairs to shower. They had to get ready for the airport.

"Good game, boys?" their father asked, raising an eyebrow as his two filthy sons came stomping through the kitchen.

"Yeah, dad, " Matt smiled.

"You two better clean up before your mother sees," he told them, drinking coffee out of his mug. "We're not driving you to the airport like that."

Francis already pulled his shirt off and climbed into the first-floor shower, while Matt made his way upstairs. 

"We're on it," Francis muttered, realizing that soon, it would just be him and Nick, finally alone again.

 The same morning that Matt was leaving for California, Nick awoke to a sore feeling up his ass and his head pounding. He was a little hungover but it was the rough fucking he'd received by the two McCarthy brothers that had him hurting the most. By the time Nick had showered, he realized that Matt's plane had left. He was on his way back to college, and Nick wasn't sure if he'd ever see him again. It was a strange, empty feeling, but what stayed with him most was what Matt had said about Francis: he cared about Nick more than either of them had thought he did.

That was when Nick decided. He pulled on a tight pair of briefs, pulled on some baggy jeans and a matching shirt, then made his way out of the house. He began his way to Francis' home, hoping to surprise him. He wanted to check up on him to see if he was alright, and whether he was angry at him for having slept with Matt. Francis hadn't actually talked to him about it just yet.

It was almost four by the time Nick made it to the McCarthy ranch. The unusual warm weather they'd been having was gone, and it had been raining hard that morning. By now, it had let up, but Nick wasn't sure for how long. Unfortunately for Nick, that meant he wouldn't get to see Francis skinny-dipping or sun-bathing anytime soon.

Nick knew something was up when he got to the farm. Francis' truck was parked abnormally close to the house, and there was a bunch of gear loaded up in the back. He saw Francis marching in and out of the house with a few bags and cases. He was wearing a camo-print pair of jeans that were tight on his legs, big hiking boots, and other than a loose, unbuttoned camouflage vest to match, he was basically shirtless. His muscular body was drenched in rainwater and his fuzzy body hair was slicked with sweat. A ball cap was placed over his messy brown hair and there was a large bulge in his pants—both his ass and his dick looked huge. As Francis loaded up the last of his stuff, Nick was sure he spotted a shot gun in the truck.

Francis saw Nick as he drove in. He wiped some sweat and water from his body before Nick parked and got out of the car. Francis nervously made sure his face was clean and that his skimpy vest was unbuttoned. For some reason, he felt the need to look good for Nick.

"Hey," Nick said, trudging carefully through the muddy grass.

"Sup?" Francis smiled, walking towards him in a cocky way.

"Are you leaving too?" Nick asked, a little distraught.

"Uh, yeah. For a day or so. I was going to go hunting in the woods, and camp out for a night."

"Ohh..." Nick replied, a little relieved. He barely managed the thought of losing Matt but if Francis had left too, Nick would have been devastated. He tried not to stare at the stud's bare, hairy chest as he talked. But the large lump in his pants was just as distracting. "Do you go camping a lot?"

"Not really," Francis said, moving towards his truck as he packed the last bag. Nick watched the stud's tight ass move through his tight, green jeans. "I usually only go to clear my head or when I need some space from home."

"Oh."

Francis hoped Nick didn't take it personally. But the look on his face made the jock's chest pound. He didn't like seeing Nick like that.

"Did you..." Francis began, "...wanna come with me?"

Nick felt himself smile, surprised by the stud's offer. "I—uh, okay! I mean, are you sure?

Francis grinned. "Yeah. It'll be nice to have some company."

"Yeah. Okay. I'd love to go... but I'd have to ask my parents—"

"Cool," Francis replied, unable to control the happy look on his face. He felt butterflies in his stomach, and his heart began pounding quickly. Was Nick making him feel this way?

Francis tried to get his mind off of it. "So... you ever go hunting before?"

"Uh, no."

Francis nodded. "Well, you have shot a gun before?"

Nick was silent.

"You haven't?"

"I'm still in high school!"

Francis smiled at him. "That's fine, dude. I'll teach you how. Just... don't tell your parents."

Nick grinned, enjoying the thought of Francis trying to teach him something. "I'll only tell them we're camping. It'll be our secret."

Francis liked that. "Yeah, man. Our secret."

Before anything else happened, Nick got his parents permission while Francis grabbed some extra camping clothes from upstairs. He returned outside with a big jacket for Nick to wear.

"They said it's fine," Nick said, trying to talk over the noise of the returning rain. It wasn't exactly camping weather.

"Cool," Francis replied. He quickly let Nick into the truck and started to pull out, driving down the muddy road. It was much warmer inside his car.

Nick shook the water from his head while Francis wiped his bare, hairy chest. "You're like a dog," the jock laughed, looking at Nick dry himself.

"Shut up," Nick teased.

"Yeah? You gonna make me?" he said, rubbing his thigh without realizing it. More water dripped down his perfect, stubbly face and onto his rigid pecs. His hairy abs were crunched up and slick, shining in the few rays of light. Nick had the urge to sit on his lap and lick the stud dry, but he tried to contain himself.

"Maybe."

"Well then," Francis said, lightly punching Nick's shoulder. "Maybe I'll have to beat the shit of you, then."

Nick scoffed. "Yeah right. You'd never hurt me."

Francis was silent for a while. "You're right, I wouldn't do that. But that doesn't mean I won't spank you." he said, laughing a bit.

They drove quietly, an awkward moment between the two of them, but it was an awkwardness that Nick liked. It made him feel closer to Francis. 

They drove like that for a while, until Francis asked what kind of music Nick liked, trying to tune the radio.

"Some pop, a bit of rap. Electronic too."

Francis nodded. "You like country?"

"No, not really."

Francis laughed. "Me neither." The jock put on some music for them to listen to, but when they started talking about Nick's plans for university, Francis listened intently, occasionally throwing quick glances up and down Nick's body. Nick did the same, taking care to only do it when Francis was making a turn or focused on the road. They were headed deep on a gravel road through the woods, and it was getting dark quick. Nick wondered just how far in they were going.

"You're not taking me into the woods to murder me, right?" Nick asked, trying to crack a joke.

"Nah, if I wanted to kill you, I would have done it ages ago."

Nick laughed again, watching the stud drive with ease. He was desperate to climb onto his body and ride him like a horse. But Nick was once again forced to control himself. The rising stiffy in his pants, however, was suggesting otherwise.

When they finally came upon legal hunting ground, it was pretty dark. Francis swore under his breath. "I should have left earlier."

"Then I wouldn't have been able to come with you," Nick reminded him.

Francis smiled. "Yeah. Guess you're right." He parked his truck on the side of the road where there was some room, then got outside, where it was beginning to drizzle again. "We'll set up camp for tonight and I'll teach you a bit about guns before we go to bed. We can go hunting in the morning."

"Sounds good," Nick said, secretly wondering if the two of them would be sharing a tent. He hadn't seen Francis bring in another one, except that he had brought down a second sleeping bag. He hoped the jock liked to sleep nude.

Nick helped Francis take some things out of the truck, but he insisted on doing it himself.

"Don't worry, I got it," he said, smiling at Nick. He lifted some of the equipment easily with one arm, showing off his large biceps and beefy pecs. Nick hoped Francis was trying to get him horny on purpose. Nick took some stuff anyway, following the jock down the overgrown path. The trees made everything around them dark, and they walked through it for about twenty minutes before Francis brought them to a spot he liked. After their long trek, Nick was glad he wore his tough boots that day.

"Here's nice," he said, showing him to small empty patch of ground that was free of any trees. There was a pile of old, burnt firewood in the centre, surrounded by ashes. Francis dropped his stuff and cocked an eyebrow. "You know how to set up a tent?"

Nick nodded. "Yup. I've gone camping before."

Francis smiled. "Cool. You wanna set it up while I get some firewood?" he asked, adjusting the shot gun slung across his broad, bulky shoulders. He slicked back his damp hair and gave Nick a long stare while he scratched his pubes and adjusted the junk in his pants. He was definitely getting horny.

"Uh, yeah. Sure," he replied, turned on by the fact that he was alone in the woods with a hot, horny jock. "How many tents are there?" he asked, secretly trying to think of how he'd seduce the stud that night.
