 Sorry for the major delay in this chapter! I had gone on a vacation after my exams and then I got busy with work. Thank you to everyone for their patience :) Enjoy!

***

Unloading Guns

It was warm, and sweaty in the sleeping bag when Nick woke up the next morning. His backside felt stiff, the inside of his body was raw and his loins ached at the thought of who he'd spent the night with. Next to him, breathing softly while his hard, rigid body clung to Nick's small frame, was Francis. His hairy chest was pressed against Nick's back as the stud's beefy arms caressed him, holding him tight to his naked body. 

But the best thing about sleeping next to Francis was that the man's dick was fully hard.

Nick's bare ass was cuddled up next to Francis' cock. His fat, perky, cheeks kept the thick, veiny shaft warm and erect. Nick could feel the slab of meat pulsing and shaking with each passing heartbeat. It stirred a feeling deep within Nick's stomach, making his heart flutter and his gut prickle. He'd never spent the night with someone like this. The jock was hugging him with his muscles, putting his legs between Nick's to keep the boy warm and comfortable. Despite the lack of room in the sleeping bag, and Francis' own confusion about his relationship with Nick, he'd invited Nick to camp with him, and stay in the very same sleeping bag... without any clothes on. No one had cared for Nick this way before.

Nick felt the stud moving. His breath changed and his soft fingers grazed Nick's abs, feeling his soft skin and grabbing at him. He shifted, rubbing his crotch harder against the boy's ass and pushing his hairy thighs onto Nick's bare legs. His bulging, sweaty pecs were right behind Nick's head, while the jock's face was tangled in Nick's hair. He spoke in a deep, sleepy voice that made Nick horny.

"Morning," he said, smelling Nick's hair. It was clean and fresh, like Nick had just taken a shower, despite their hot, sweaty fucking that same night. There was also the scent of a campfire, and the odd hint of something fruity. It made his senses go insane.

Nick smiled, pressing his body further against Francis'. "Good morning," he mumbled, feeling the man's cute morning breath on his neck and cheek. They lay there in the sleeping bag, both in the fetal position as Francis kept Nick safe and warm. Despite Nick's love for that special moment, he knew there were other things he'd enjoy doing even more. He turned around, facing the jock. There was a frown on his face, as if Francis hadn't wanted to let go of Nick. But Francis tried to remember that the two of them were guys, and that this wasn't supposed to be normal. Or was it?

"Thanks for letting me sleep here," Nick told him. He could feel his penis rise even more, twitching against Nick's own junk. Francis tried to ignore the sensations, feeling rather embarrassed at getting morning wood, despite knowing that every guy on the planet was prone to random boners.

"It was... uh, no problem. We... really did it last night, didn't we?"

Nick nodded, realizing how vulnerable he seemed. He still wasn't entirely comfortable with their situation. Francis must have been a bit more daring then usual when he came onto Nick, mostly due in part to the entire pack of beer he'd downed in one sitting. His breath smelled of liquor, but the other scents Nick picked up were sawdust and freshly-cut grass, motor oil and grease, along with the smell of smoke, sweat and the locker room. There was also something that reminded Nick about horses, and their leathery saddles. It was completely intoxicating.

"Yeah, you really gave it to me good," Nick laughed, remembering how horny and eager to fuck the jock had been.

Francis also chuckled, temporarily forgetting that Nick was a guy, that he was two years older than the boy, or what his parents and friends might think if they knew what was going on between them. It was just the two of them, two guys, who very much enjoyed each other's company, laughing at each other. That, and the fact that they were both incredibly horny.

"I'm sure I did," Francis said. He put his arms around him, feeling Nick's tight ass and gently spanking him. Nick moaned, feeling the jock grab onto his fat cheek. "Thanks for letting me fuck you."

"It's alright, I wanted you to."

"No... I mean that first time we met. When I forced you upstairs to my room. I know I probably came off like a jerk, and probably real scary-"

Nick got close to his face, feeling the man's heart beat wildly in his chest. "Francis... you don't have to apologize. I mean... I was a virgin before I met you. I'm glad you did what you did. I had wanted you to fuck me for ages."

Francis turned red, surprised by Nick's words. It hadn't completely dawned to him just how much Nick worshipped him. 

"Well... thanks."

Nick giggled, feeling Francis' hard, hairy abs, Then he put a hand over his dick. "No... thank you." Nick then proceeded to wiggle downwards, moving out of Francis' reach and sliding to the bottom of their sweaty, cum-stained bag.

"W-what-what are you doing?" Francis asked, desperate to see where Nick was going. He couldn't see much in the dark, but he could feel the boy get over top of his powerful thighs, while snaking his hands up them.

"You're really hard," Nick said.

Francis bit his lip, feeling the teenager grasp his erect dick with his small, soft hands. "Nick..."

"I wanna repay you for being so nice to me... and for inviting me out here..." Nick teased him, rubbing the hot, veinous shaft up and down, watching his big balls bounce with each movement. "...and for keeping me warm last night." Nick stared at the rest of his body, looking up and down at the stud's muscular form.

His chest was big and bulky, covered in a light brown fuzz. His fat pink nipples were hard and erect, and his six-pack of abs clenched as Francis peered down at Nick's face. The thick, curly bush of pubes springing out from behind his cock went all the way up his waist and his abs, creating a hot, happy trail that made his rock-hard abs looker even hotter.

"Uhhhnnnn... Nick..."

"Are you hard for me?" he asked, looking up at Francis' scrunched up face. He was already in heaven, awaiting Nick's touch to send him to places he'd never been. The pain up in Nick's body encouraged him to go for it, to give the stud's cock everything he had. Francis had fucked him good last night, and he wanted to return the favour. He belonged to Francis; he was his sex toy, his partner in crime, and it was his job to please the manly hunk.

"Ugghhh... yeah baby... I'm hard for you."

Nick grinned, then stuck his tongue out, licking the fat, red head that peeked out from the jock's foreskin. The man let out a loud moan, feeling the wet flesh lap at his salty fluids.

"Fuck!"

Nick held the massive tool in his hands, all eight inches of thick, heavy meat. He pulled the foreskin down, exposing the throbbing, dripping head and smelled the sweet scents of dried cum, old piss, dirty sweat and the fresh juices of Nick's tight ass. It was a manly mixture, and it drove Nick crazy. He gave the junk another licking, tasting the bitter-sweet remains on the man's cock and swallowing whatever he found. He continued to pull down on it, exposing more of his dick and felt the stud tremble.

"Nick... you don't have to blow me."

Nick smiled, watching Francis writhe in pleasure as his lips inched towards his member. "But I want to."

"O-okay."

"I want you to cum in my mouth, Francis. I want to please you."

Francis gave him a horny smile, closing his eyes and laughing in bliss. He had a mouth all to himself and someone that worshipped him. It didn't get much better than that. "Ugh, suck on my cock, baby. I'll cum in you, if that's what you want."

Nick felt his ass clench and his chest quiver as Francis' low, horny voice came. He was so commanding, and he was radiating manliness. "Yes daddy. I want it. I'll suck on your big, fat cock, and you can cum on my face." 

Nick rose up from his crotch to meet him. Francis was still smiling, letting Nick take care of his throbbing package. But before Nick got to work by taking in the hunk's thick, eight-inch boner, Francis looked straight into Nick's eyes. 

He bent over to give Nick a kiss, to lock lips and exchange their spit. He felt Nick's small, trembling hands against his rigid abs, playing in his pubic hair and reaching around to feel his ass. Normally, Francis would be totally against someone feeling up his butt unless it was a friendly slap from one of his bros, but he knew this was Nick, and with Nick, he was willing to do anything.

Francis kissed the boy, feeling Nick's own boner press up against his abs as his body stretched to engage with his lips. He was desperate to feel Francis' embrace, and the jock didn't want to let him down. He hugged Nick's body, feeling his bare back and his fat ass, dragging his fingers down his spine. Nick groaned as Francis did so, and their tongues met during their kiss, slathering each other with spit and sucking on one another's lips.

Then, Nick reluctantly parted from Francis' warm mouth. Instead, he looked back down at the task before him. Francis' schlong was soaked with pre-cum and he could clearly see the vein in Francis' dick pulsing more blood all throughout his shaft. As Nick struggled to get all of the meat in his grasp, the throbbing pink cock hit him in the face, splattering him with loose ropes of cum. 

"Jesus," Francis sighed, feeling the boy's face smack into his penis. Nick took the cock and whacked it against his face a few more times, making Francis jump and groan in pleasure. 

"I love your fat dick on my face," Nick whispered to him, surprised by the eagerness of Francis' erection. It was so big and heavy that it hung downward while fully erect. Underneath the massive, swollen member were Francis' balls. They were hanging low, big and round, swinging back and forth like baseballs in a bag.

Francis took his fat, meaty cock and slapped it across Nick's face. Francis moaned as stands of cum spread across Nick's lips. Nick took the dicking like a man, trying to get the stud's junk in his mouth.

"You're amazing, Nick," Francis muttered, smacking his dick a few more times across his face before he let his pulsing member go. "Suck my cock, baby."

Nick put his small hands around Francis' meat, making it look even bigger, like it was a rubbery, oversized dildo. Francis breathed out slowly as Nick touched his shaft. Francis loved Nick's delicate embrace and his eagerness to down his boner. Sure enough, after Nick got the huge thing to his face, his soft, damp lips closed around the exposed, throbbing head.

Nick was kissing Francis' penis, using his tongue to massage the hot head and his lips to squeeze the cum out of his shaft. The warm rod in Nick's mouth trembled with every pulse of Francis' heart, and as he nearly got his lips to the stud's pubes, he felt himself choking on the huge schlong.

"Uhhnnn... fuck yeah, choke on daddy's dick."

"Mmm-mmmm..."

"Fuck, you take it so good, bro."

Nick felt his insides melt. He knew he couldn't take anymore of Francis' dick inside him, but he had too try-he was determined to.

"Shit!"

Nick made more choking sounds, feeling the hot head of Francis' cock hit the back of his throat. Then, Nick began to move his mouth slowly back off, pressing hard against the smooth, salty skin. It tasted like sweat and piss, mixed with dry cum and dirty underwear-all the scents Nick loved most about his man.

"That's it, suck that big dick," Francis grunted, running his chapped hands through Nick's soft hair. His huge biceps flexed and his veins popped as blood pumped through him. His pecs twitched and his fat, round nipples were fully hard, pointing upwards. His prominent v-lines bulged with more veins, shaking with each small movement the boy made on his cock.

He let Nick work on him, but he couldn't help pump himself in and out of Nick's mouth, fucking his hot, wet hole like it was nothing but a cum-rag. His hot hole was sticky and wet, slurping up his juices and slathering more spit all across his long meaty pole while leaking some of it onto the man's pink balls.

Nick let Francis grab hold of his head. He felt himself get fucked in the mouth like a little slut, his hair being grabbed tight by Francis' fists and his muscular, hairy groin slapping itself into his face. Nick could feel Francis' big, bouncy balls flinging themselves onto his chin and neck. He slurped up the stud's pre-cum and his own spit, trying to take in all the salty, masculine tastes leaking out of the hunk's thick slab of meat.

Then, Francis pulled out, swearing and panting with short hot breaths as watery pumps of cum escaped the tip of his cock. Nick licked it all up, drinking the manly fluids and relishing in the thought that just his mouth had made such a large man so weak.

"Fuckkk... you're the best..."

"You wanna stop?" Nick asked, looking concerned. He wiped some cum from his mouth while eagerly swallowing the man's pre-ejaculate.

"No, just had to catch my breath," Francis said, his chest rising and falling at a quick pace. His pecs were covered in a thick film of sweat, and his fuzzy body was slicked back with it as Francis rubbed himself down. "Finish me off, dude."

Nick smiled, taking his manhood back into his mouth.

"Holy shittt..." Francis whispered, closing his eyes and concentrating on Nick's tight mouth as it massaged his tool and made it's way over his glans.

Nick took a long look at the massive, engorged cock, while Francis moaned Nick's name. His dick was soft and wet with bulging purple veins. It was long and thick, just how Nick liked it. The huge tool throbbed violently, spewing out pre-cum. The foreskin was just pulled over half his head, and his member was beginning to turn red with all the blood gushing toward it. It stuck out of Francis' body like eight inches of pure muscle and meat. 

Nick put one hand to the base of Francis' dick and the other just below the head. He retracted the foreskin, making Francis cry out and his cock tremble. Exposing the bright red head, Nick got a look at it's nice form. It was perfectly curved around the edges and nice and round at the front. Only the very tip was pointed, ready to plug up Nick's throat and fill him up with fresh, steaming cum. Nick finally put his lips to the dick-hole, looking up at Francis' pained expression as he kissed the tip of his penis.

"Fuccckkkk..." Francis howled, bitting his lower lip and throwing his head back. He loved the boy on his dick, and feeling him work the slippery wood was heaven. 

Then, as Nick's lips spread across the head, tight against his rigid flesh, he put his tongue to his piss-slit and milked the cum out of it. He could see the jock's balls jerk in pleasure with each flick.

Francis whined again, clenching his jaw as the soft pair of lips moved further down his shaft, and the tongue vigorously covered his head with spit. "Ohh... fuck..." He put his hands through Nick's hair, rubbing his head and pulling him closer in.

Nick went down on him, moving his head in and out. Each time he tried to take all of his dick in, the head would hit the back of his throat and make him gag, and he'd cough up some of the pre-cum he'd already swallowed. But gagging on his cock was only making Francis hornier, and it fuelled his ego, hardening his meat.

"Fuck yeah, choke on it!"

"Mmmmm..." Nick moaned, feeling Francis push his huge bulb further down onto his shaft. Nick's nose and face buried itself into Francis' long, wet pubes, and as the jock began to mouth-fuck him, the stud's balls flung themselves into Nick's neck and chin. They were long and hanging low, big and full of testosterone. Nick could see that they were just as pink as his head, sore from having been teased for so long.

Then, Nick took the dick out of himself, while cum and spit dripped out. "You wanna cum in my mouth, daddy?" he teased him.

Francis held him down and slapped his fat cock a few times across Nick's face. 

"Yeah, baby. And I want you to swallow."

"Whatever you say, daddy."

Francis stuffed his member back inside the teenager's mouth, pumping in and out of him slowly. The bouncy, meaty tool felt warm and tasty in Nick's hole, and he licked up as much of its dirty sweat and cum as he could. He loved the way Francis tasted.

"Keep your mouth on it," Francis commanded, his rugged, stubbly face looking down at him with horniness. Francis was almost there, and he was desperate to get his nut. The jock began to pick up the pace. He thrusted in and out of the twink's wet mouth, holding Nick's shoulders down. Francis breathed quickly, wanting to cum into the boy's gullet and fill him up with his seed. He threw his head back, taking in the overwhelming sensations and the desperate, hungry look Nick had on his face.

Francis put a tight grip on Nick's head, and began fucking his face hard and fast, and grunting with each thrust. Nick could do nothing but swallow the spurts of pre-cum that filled his mouth and try not to gag on the eight inches of man meat that plunged itself down his neck. He groaned in pleasure and pain. The man's dick was so big and hard that it hurt for it to keep hitting the very back of his throat. Nick could do nothing but put his hands on Francis' waist, feeling the soft hairs on his muscular thighs as he took the man's full erection into his eager mouth.

"FUCK!" Francis yelled, putting both his hands on Nick's head and bucking his hips upwards, invading the boy's wet hole. Nick sucked him off for merely a second before Francis' semen shot up inside his mouth. His cock jerked and his balls contracted. Three powerful jets of his hot jock-spunk attacked the back of Nick's throat, burning his skin and filling him up. The thick fluid felt heavy and it tasted so good, sweet and salty at the same time.

Nick choked on his spunk, as two more shots escaped his slit and hit the roof of his mouth. Beneath him, Francis was writhing in pleasure, unable to catch his breathe or even talk as the bliss of Nick's mouth milked his cock of all it's sperm. He just felt Nick's soft, curly hair between his fingers and his soft skin against his.

"Uhhhhnnnnn... swallow it, babe," Francis told him, pushing his head further down onto his thick pole.

Nick milked his fat penis, struggling to breath as the sperm went down his throat. He swallowed it all of it, licking his lips for stray drops and then looked at Francis, seeing satisfaction etched across his face. He licked the trembling cock a few more times before he smiled at him, hoping to have given the jock exactly what he wanted.

"You swallow it, baby? Did you take your daddy's seed?"

Nick nodded. "Yes, sir."

Francis rubbed his hair. "Come here," he told him, letting the boy climb up onto his body and lay his head on the man's chest. "That's a good boy," he whispered.

Nick rested his head on his massive pecs, which were both drenched with sweat. He could hear the jock's heart beating wildly, and his muscles were still pumping blood throughout his body, making his veins pop and his biceps flex. They naked boys lay with each other, listening to the other breath as they calmed down.

Finally, when his fat dick had gone soft, he stroked Nick's back, tapping his ass. "C'mon, we got a long day ahead of us."

Nick agreed, reluctantly getting off of the jock's body. He watched as the hunk unzipped their bag, exposing their hot, sticky skin to the cool morning air. The jock climbed out of their bag, his big balls and thick meaty pole swinging wildly back and forth as he looked for a clean pair of underwear. Unable to find any, he went back and took the cum-stained one Nick had thrown off last night. He put it on quickly, fully aware of Nick staring at him as he tucked his big dick inside it.
