 Sorry for the major delay in this chapter! It was a difficult one to write and it ended up being much longer than I originally intended. Thank you to everyone for their patience and I hope you enjoy reading it! :)

***

Easter Sunday

Nick's week in California had been hell. He had to stay in his brother's apartment (which was old and gross), he'd gone without cell reception the entire time, the heat had been excruciating, but worst of all, there were no hot guys for Nick to pounce on. More specifically, there was no Francis. He had only gotten to message him through Facebook a few times when he was at his brother's place, but since he was using his brother's laptop, it meant there would be no hot video chats or time spent in front of a screen looking at each other's dirty pictures. Nick had been horny beyond belief.

That entire week, Francis had also been very horny. While Nick was still in California, Francis had satisfied himself through a variety of different methods: jerking off, porn, fingering himself, sex toys, porn, dirty stories (he never knew reading could be so fun), masturbating in different rooms of his house, porn, jerking off in public places, and some more porn. Some of it was even gay.

However, the gay porn and the fact he was fingering himself had gotten him concerned and really confused. Was he turning gay? Or was it just Francis discovering his bisexual side? Perhaps he was just really horny and willing to do anything. He wasn't sure what was going on and he was more frightened than ever, especially since Matt was too busy with his exams to text or call him back, and Nick's cell reception in California was non existent. And Nick had to be careful what he said to Francis over his brother's laptop.

Because of this, it meant that Francis had no one to really talk to about his sexuality, and he was sure his friends wouldn't be so thrilled to hear about his sudden revelation.

Francis needed some sex—but how would that leave things with Nick? He knew that the both of them hadn't set out any rules about fucking other people while Nick was away but despite that, Francis had had no desire to be with anyone else. Well, there were no chicks for him to hunt down and being with any other guy besides Nick felt like betrayal. At that point, even thinking about women felt strange to him. He wondered if Nick felt the same way—about guys, at least. 

Things got worse for Francis later on that week. After his father had discovered a dildo in his room (Francis had been careless), his reputation was on the line and his dad had given him a long talk about homosexuality and sin. It was the worst conversation he'd ever had, and he suddenly hated his parents more than he ever thought possible. His dad had thrown out the dildo after they'd finished, and told him he'd kick him out of the house if he ever found another one. Francis had convinced him that he was just being extra kinky with a girl he'd had over, but in his father's eyes, it was a pathetic attempt at an excuse. He figured he had some time before his father would really get suspicious, so Francis tried to be more careful from then on, and thought about trying to get back to women again—at least until his father got off his case. Being anything other than straight terrified him, and he was sure no good things would come out of it if his parents were to ever find out. 

But now, as Nick was on his way home, he was super excited to see Francis again. Being away for so long had really driven him to explore his feelings for the man—sentiments he may have hidden in fear of being rejected by Francis. But their conversations over the internet, and Francis constant interest in how his day was going, was a sign that maybe Francis saw them as more than just fuck-buddies, perhaps more than just friends.

Nick arrived in Houston on a hot afternoon. It was nearly 80 degrees Fahrenheit, which was unusually hot during the spring. People were sweltering, there was no breeze to cool their faces, and there was a shortage of air conditioners in stores. Nick fell asleep during the car ride home. Since their AC wasn't reliable, the heat made him sleepy.

As soon as he got home, he could hear the sprinklers on all the lawns, the screams of children as they frolicked beneath the water and the drone of cars as people drove lazily across the streets. Nick helped his parents take his things to his room, then he threw his phone aside and slumped into his bed, falling back asleep. His sleep cycle had been ruined by the time change and there was the fact that his brother insisted on taking him to late-night parties. Nick usually ended up going home early from those things. 

That day, Nick slept on for hours at home, through the entire afternoon and well into the night. He didn't wake until he heard a noise at his window.

It was dark. Nick's curtains were wide open, but his windows were firmly shut. His parents had the AC on in the house which meant that not a single window was allowed to stay open. Nick was lying in bed with nothing on except a thin sheet and a short pair of Francis' old boxers. The door was locked, and his clothes were in a heap across the floor. It was nice and cool in his room when he woke, with the darkness of the clear night sky casting eerie an light across his face.

Nick's eyes opened at the noise, but he stayed in bed, wondering if the noise was just a tree branch scratching against his window. But it came again, and he heard a raspy voice follow. Nick groggily got up, wandering over to the window. He saw a shadowy figure in the corner of his lawn, throwing rocks at the glass. Nick stared down at the dark figure, a bit scared as to what was going on.

As he opened the window, the hot, humid night air made his skin crawl. It was far cooler inside than it was outside. He peered down at the shape, trying to rub the sleep out of his eyes. "What are you doing here?" Nick asked Francis, the fear suddenly leaving him.

Francis smiled awkwardly at him. "I-is this a bad time? Are you with someone?"

Nick frowned at him. "No... I was asleep."

"Oh. Sorry."

"It's fine," Nick mumbled, wondering if that was a look of relief on Francis' face. Nick had to admit that seeing Francis made him feel a hundred times better, but he was still very nervous to see him. His stomach felt like it was doing jumping-jacks inside of him.

"Did you... want to come up?" Nick asked.

Francis smiled again, showing Nick his pearly white teeth. His green eyes glinted in the faint streetlight. "Yeah."

Nick kept the window open as Francis climbed up the tree, being careful not to snap any branches or make much noise. Nick's parents had a bedroom on the other side of the house, but he didn't want his parents seeing signs of a broken tree when they woke up the next day. It would raise a lot of suspicion. 

"Be careful," Nick said to him.

"Yeah," he grunted. Francis snapped a few branches as he climbed upwards, struggling to get inside the window. Nick pulled him in, making sure he didn't land on the floor with a thud.

"Why are you all wet?" Nick laughed, looking at his soaked cotton trunks and wet sweatshirt sticking to his hairy muscles, which bulged bigger than usual.

"Your sprinklers are on," he muttered, suddenly looking up and down Nick as the teenager went back to bed, covering himself in the thin blanket. Francis had recognized his pair of boxers but refrained from commenting.

"Oh."

"How've you been, how was your trip?" Francis asked, pulling back his wet hair as he sat down on a nearby chair. He kept his voice to a low whisper, but the droning noise of the AC helped keep his presence unknown. He closed the window as Nick began to speak.

"It was fine. Got to see a lot of LA, but I also stayed on campus, looking at the buildings and stuff with my brother."

"Cool," he replied, giving Nick a charming smile. "Fuck some guys while you were in town?"

Nick turned pink. "N-no. I... wasn't really there for sex."

Francis looked a bit relieved, though he laughed nervously. "Haha, right. Have you been working out?"

"Uh, yeah. I have," Nick answered, a bit proud. At least his brother's apartment had been good for something—he had a bunch of weights piled up in different rooms.

"Yeah, I can tell. You look good."

Nick's face turned pinker. "Thanks," he mumbled, feeling embarrassed. "What brings you here?"

Francis looked up at him. "Well... I knew you were coming back today and I wanted to see you. Also... I texted you earlier and you didn't respond. I thought you were mad at me or something. So I just wanted to make sure things were alright between us," he said.

"Oh sorry," he began, "I fell asleep as soon as I got home. I had my phone on silent..." he said, feeling bad for having not seen them.

Francis nodded. "Oh okay, just wanted to make sure. So... you're not mad at me?"

Nick smiled. "No, of course not."

There was an awkward silence as the both of them sat there. Then, Nick tried to be bold.

"Do you... wanna hang out later? We can meet by your place."

"Oh... uhh... I can't, Nick. Not at my place"

Nick felt his skin turn numb. "W-what? Why?"

"Nick..." Francis got up, sitting on the edge of Nick's bed now. His eyes were staring down at him, and his face looked concerned. He put his hand on Nick's leg over the sheets, trying to comfort him. "It's not personal. My dad was on my case. He... caught me jacking off once and this other time he found one of your sex toys in my room. I had to make up something to convince him I wasn't gay."

Nick suddenly froze, not sure what to make of it. Francis' parents were super conservative so he knew that something like that would land him in big trouble.

"I told them I brought home a girl but... I'm not sure if my dad believed me. I have to be careful around him. He knows all my friends, and that they're pretty fucking straight, but he doesn't know you, and I'm scared that him seeing you might makes things worse."

Nick put his hand over Francis'. "You were scared?"

Francis nodded. "Yeah, dude. My dad would've kicked me out of the house if he thought I was gay. And the only other family I have to stay with is in San Antonio, so that's way too far. Who knows how'd they react if they found out too."

Nick got closer to him, scooting up to his damp, sweaty body. "I'm sorry I haven't been there for you. I didn't know things were getting this bad with your family. And I understand you need to be careful. I'll do anything to help."

He nodded back, not finding the right words to say back. Just hearing Nick support him made him feel better.

"And you can always stay with me, Francis. If anything were to ever happen. My parents won't mind."

Francis smiled back at him. "Thanks, dude. I really appreciate that. But... I'm not going to let anything like that happen again. We gotta be more careful."

"We?"

"Uh, yeah? You don't think we'd ever fuck again? I-I mean... if you want to."

"Of course I want to!" Nick suddenly blurted out. "I just wasn't sure you were still interested in me. I mean... sexually. Besides, aren't you straight?"

Francis nodded, a bit nervous. "Well... mostly."

Nick laughed.

"I missed you, you know."

Nick looked at him. "I missed you too."

There was an uncomfortable silence between them. Francis tried to make it less weird but the words he blurted out only made things worse. "I wish I coulda gotten an ass pic or something while you were away." He gave him a cocky smile.

Nick crumpled his sheets, smiling uncontrollably. "Really?"

"Hell yeah. Could get me off in a flash."

Could Francis really jack off to a picture of Nick's ass? He knew Francis used Nick for sex—his body couldn't ignore the pleasure that Nick provided him, but could a picture of his body have the same effect on Francis? Wouldn't Francis think that was gay? 

Francis spread his legs apart on the edge of the bed, and his shorts came up to his mid-thigh as he sat there. Nick could see the bulge of his balls at his crotch. He was wearing a tight top-tank that made his chest and arms look ten times bigger than they were. There were small strands of brown hair coming out from his chest.

"I actually came here for another reason too..." he began, playing awkwardly with his fingers. He scratched the light stubble on his face, not making eye contact.

Nick cocked his eyebrow. "Really?"

"Yeah. My parents are taking me to church tomorrow—since it's easter—and I wondered if you wanted to come. I'd die of boredom alone."

"Y-you're not bringing a girl?" Nick asked, a but curious. He held off on telling Francis his feelings just yet—not when things between them were so weird. Plus, there was the added complication of Francis' parents... and Nick still wasn't convinced that Francis would return his sentiment in any sort of way. He still had himself convinced that he was straight. Or could it be possible that Francis just in denial about his sexuality? Nick put the thought out of his mind, not wanting to cling onto false hope. 

Francis smiled. "Nope."

"Oh."

"So... do you wanna come tomorrow?"

Nick nodded. "Of course. I'd love to."

Francis laughed back. He got up from the bed, beaming. "Awesome. You gotta put on a dress-shirt and pants, though. It's some serious business."

"Alright, alright. I've been to church before."

"Do your parents take you often?"

"They used to, but we've all gotten a lot more busy over the years."

"Lucky. My parents are still on my ass about it. Ugh... I better go. It's early tomorrow. I'll pick you up at seven."

"Seven?"

"Yeah, dude. That's why I gotta go to bed. It's like—what? Two, right now?"

Nick nodded.

"Ugh... I don't wanna go home, though. Can't sleep with it so hot there. We don't even have AC."

"You don't?"

He shook his head. "Nope. Not like you. Damn, it's so nice in here. You've got it good—and you don't have to share a bathroom with anyone."

"Neither do you!"

Francis looked shocked. "Do you not remember that I have two brothers? It was fucking horrible when we were younger. Had to share the toilet, take short showers. It was awful."

Nick frowned. "Share a toilet?"

"Yeah... we just pissed at the same time."

"Oh." Before Francis had the chance to go, Nick decided to blurt something else. "Well... you don't have to go back if you don't want. Y-you could spend the night here."

Francis hesitated. "You serious?"

"Yeah. My bed's big enough. And my parents won't wake me tomorrow. They think I'm really jet lagged. You can shower in the morning and then we can drive to your place. I can help you get ready."

Francis curled his fists. He really wanted to, especially with how cute Nick looked, being half-naked in his bedsheets already. But he didn't think he could do it. "I dunno man... I usually sleep naked when it's this hot out. And I don't think we'll both fit on that bed."

Nick scooted aside. "No look, you'll fit! And c'mon, I've seen you naked a bunch of times. It won't matter to me."

Francis didn't answer for a while. It was really tempting to stay over, but he didn't want to get Nick in trouble. He'd already managed to mess up the tree outside. "I'd have to wake up before your parents do..."

"I'll set an alarm," Nick offered.

Francis gave in. "Fine."

Nick smiled wide, pushing down the sheets and scooting further across the bed to make room.

Francis pulled off his tank top, revealing his thick, dark brown happy trail and the rigid, muscular v-lines leading down to his groin. His hard, rigid six pack was covered in faint hair too, and looked more defined then when Nick had last seen them. His chest also seemed bigger, now sporting more brown fuzz than before. His wide, big nipples were pointed, and his large biceps flexed as he threw his shirt against the chair.

"You've been working out too," Nick said, staring at his herculean body.

Francis turned toward him, turning red. "Stop, you're embarrassing me," he joked.

Nick giggled. "Yeah right. As if you get embarrassed."

He stared at him, his upper half gleaming in the faint streetlight. "I do sometimes. I'm human too, Nick."

Nick hoped he was right. Perhaps there was still hope for the both of them... maybe Francis could even feel something for Nick. "C'mon, I'm sleepy."

Francis smiled, putting his fingers in the waistband of his shorts. "You're cute when you're sleepy."

Nick didn't answer, unable to find the words to respond. Could Francis really be attracted to him? He dove into his sheets, trying not to watch as the muscular hunk slipped his shorts off, revealing a tight, skimpy pair of white briefs that barely fit him. Something about the underwear caught Nick's eye, and he rose out of the bed, looking at him.

"Are those... are those mine?"

Francis turned round, forcing Nick to stop starting at his fat, round ass and instead face the huge, bulging shapes that protruded from his front. "Huh? Oh these... I kinda found them lying around my room..." he mumbled, hesitating as to wonder whether he should take them off. "They might be yours," he answered.

Nick tried not to smile. Francis didn't wear briefs, and judging by the red stitching against the white waistband, Nick's name was written onto them. He didn't press Francis, not wanting to make it awkward. But wasn't Francis more comfortable than that around Nick? Had their intimacy overcome their need to hide their feelings by now?

Despite the AC, there was still sweat across Francis' broad back, and his skin felt sticky to the touch. With Nick looking away, Francis took off the briefs and threw them overtop his other clothes. He barely even fit into the underwear—they were horribly stretched at warped—but wearing them had made him feel close to Nick. He hadn't expected to be seen wearing them, especially not by Nick.

The teenager desperately wanted to see Francis' big dick, and wanted to stare at his fat, perky ass, but he was still tired from travelling, and he knew that seeing those parts of Francis would make Nick horny—and he wasn't sure if sex was what Francis wanted right then. He seemed too vulnerable, and awfully confused. He didn't want to take advantage of him like that. There was, Nick thought, always the morning to admire the stud's assets.

Francis crawled into bed, slowly picking up the sheets and catching a welcoming view of Nick's butt. It burst through the boxers he wore, unable to hide through the cloth. Francis felt his member stirring and looked away, despite wanting to rub his hands over Nick's lean, soft back, and to put his arm overtop Nick's small but tough build.

He shook himself of those thoughts, aware that Nick didn't seem to be in the mood to do anything. He was tired, and Francis didn't want to make the invitation of staying over any kind of burden. Like Nick, Francis looked forward to the morning. But for now, he figured there wasn't any reason not to make the best of things. As he slipped into the large space beside Nick, Francis let the smooth, cool sheets smother his hot skin. He loved to sleep naked during the spring and summer, but having someone next to him was even better.

"Do you... want to cuddle?" Francis tried, hoping to fall asleep with Nick under his embrace.

The teenager turned around, a curious smile on his face. Even through the fabric of the covers, Francis could make out the bulge that sprouted from the front of his underwear. "Yes, please."

"You wanna be the big spoon or small?"

Nick's face turned pink. "You know what I like."

Francis grinned. He let Nick's body press close against his—his soft, hairless back was rubbing against Francis fuzzy chest, which sported two erect nipples and hard, bulging pecs. Nick's ass was the next part of him to make contact. His cheeks caressed Francis' dick, the taut fabric fondling the stiffening member and brushing softly against it. Francis let out a quiet moan, not having had touched another person this way the entire time Nick was gone. He hadn't been thinking about women the same way since, and the thought of fucking a man other than Nick made him prickle with discomfort.
