 Sorry for the major delay in this chapter! September was a busy month for school. Thank you to everyone for their patience and I hope you enjoy reading it! :)

***

The Perfect Fit

The two boys ran out the back entrance of the church, giggling and laughing at one another as they sprinted through the tall grass and large, open fields. Francis was right—there was absolutely no one around as far as their eyes could see, and with a patch of trees up ahead, they'd soon both be in the clear. There was an uneven path and a house up ahead, but that was where the pastor lived, and it was certainly empty now as the two naked boys chased each other towards the river.

They both held their clothes in their sweaty arms as they ran, making a quick dash for the tree line. The cool air coming off the water, as well as from the trees, was a welcomed relief from the heat of the church and the bright sun beaming down on them all day. Their sweat-soaked skin tingled with excitement as they cut through their crisp surroundings, wondering just what would await them at the riverside. They needed to get some cold water on them if they wanted to put their clothes back on and present themselves to others. The sweat and other bodily fluids that covered them could have been spotted (and smelled) a mile away.

"I'm glad we did this," Nick muttered, wading through the long grass as it came up to his knees. There were some blades long enough to brush his low-hanging balls and half-hard dick swinging wildly in the wind.

"Yeah 'cause now I get to see you naked for longer," Francis said, smirking.

Nick pushed him gently, taking in the softness of his hard, muscular back as he did so. "Well I get to see you naked too, dumb-ass."

Francis ran out in front of him, racing him to the shade of the trees beyond. Nick gave chase, watching the man's ass bounce up and down as he sprinted through the grass. Once they made it to the trees, the warmth of the sun finally leaving them, they slowed down and took a few moments to catch their breath. They were both laughing at each other, their hearts beating wildly and their dicks half-hard. 

Once their panting slowed, they could hear the rush of the water nearby, and the sweat rolling down their smooth, sticky bodies urged them on. They strolled quietly through the trees for another five minutes, talking amongst themselves and staring at one another. Francis would occasionally grab Nick's ass, while Nick would spread his hands over the man's abs and chest, trying to tickle him into submission. It wasn't long before Francis gave up, finally admitting defeat.

"How much further is it?" Nick asked, hoping they wouldn't get lost in woods. The trees may have been short but they were densely packed and stretched on for ages.

"C'mon," Francis said, kneeling on the floor. "Get on. I'll piggyback you there."

"Really?"

"Yeah, dude. Hop on."

Nick didn't hesitate again. He got close to Francis' back, hooking his arms around the man's neck while he put his one leg on his torso. Francis easily picked him up and held onto the boy's smooth, sweaty legs. Nick laughed as Francis began to jog through the trees with him, their skin slipping and sliding off one another as Nick bounced up and down against his back. His dick was pretty hard by now, but neither Francis nor Nick seemed to mind. Francis' own erection was hard enough for the both of them.

Nick rested his head against the jock's shoulder and neck, feeling his warmth and excitement as he took them both closer to the water. Francis was genuinely happy to be with him, perhaps finally feeling free for the first time to act however he wanted without worry of what Nick would think of him. The teenager was just as glad to be there with him, open about how they felt for one another. Well, mostly. There was still a bit more Nick had to say, although he didn't think it was the right moment just yet.

"You're so strong," Nick whispered in his ear, grinning as he felt the man's muscles tense in response to his voice.

"You get me so hard," he said back, his words low and deep. He sounded hungry for him, even after having Nick twice in the church basement.

They made it to the water, where Francis' pace quickened as he ran downhill before Nick could realize what was happening, he found himself in Francis' arms as the man threw him into the water, laughing as Nick landed with a splash.

"You asshole!" Nick yelled, laughing as his head broke through the water, his hair now completely soaked. He splashed Francis as he got close to him, getting him in the face. While he was blinded, Nick climbed onto his torso, dragging the man down into the water. They fought with each other, half wrestling, half splashing each other as the cool water came up around them. 

"Stop, you jerk!" Francis shouted, as Nick continued to hold onto him, using his weight to keep him down. Francis finally got a hold of Nick himself and engulfed him in his arms, their bodies pressing hard against each other. He embraced him, pulling on the small of Nick's back so that their groins touched. Francis used his other arm to grab Nick's face, going in on him for a kiss. 

They made out in the water, eagerly holding onto the other's body and tasting the salt of sweat on their skin. Water dripped off of them as they stood there, both naked, making out in the heat. A breeze swept over them and leaves fell from the trees, meeting the two boys as they clung onto the other. Then, Francis took Nick's leg up into the air, holding him up against his body, and lead him back to the shore.

There was little dirt and a lot of grass, making for a smooth, soft place to lie down in comfort. It was relatively dry, except the water from both of their bodies as Francis laid Nick down, while lumbering over the teenager with his own bulky body.

"You're so sexy," Francis told him, clinging to his lips with eagerness, wanting to devour every bit of him.

"I can feel you," Nick said. Already, the man's cock was hard and was pressed up against Nick's crack. It was desperate to enter him.

"I want you. Right here. Right now."

"You don't think anyone will see us?"

He shook his head, more water dripping off his brown locks. His green eyes flashed with excitement as he felt the boy's own dick harden between his legs. "We're all alone."

Nick allowed the man to spread his thighs apart, exposing his pink point of pleasure. "You can have me any way you want," Nick told him. "I want you inside me all day."

"Yeah?"

He nodded. "Uh huh."

Then, no longer able to wait, Francis' face crept down to the boy's crotch, licking his sweat and juices. Then, he moved himself to Nick's entrance, readying his pink rosebud.

Nick let out a loud moan as he felt the jock's tongue wet his skin, followed by the softness of his lips. "Oh fuck!"

Francis grinned as the boy squirmed, his legs now trembling as Francis held them in place with his big hands. His face dug deeper into his crotch, pushing the boundaries of how far he could reach inside of him. Then, feeling Nick's cock rise, he moved his attention up to it, grinning at the sight.

He kissed Nick's member, putting his lips to the boy's penis and pulling his foreskin down to expose his pink head. Nick sighed in ecstasy, rolling in the soft grass and the warm, wet mouth engulfed his hard shaft. Then, the hunk's tongue began slurping at his piss-slit, licking the salty fluids that escaped his tip.

Nick could barely speak as the jock massaged the boner with his lips and big, wet tongue. "Uhhnnn... Francis..." 

"Mmmhmmm..." Francis smiled at him, downing Nick's entire cock and letting the head hit the back of his throat.

"Can we..." Nick whispered, "sixtey-nine?"

Francis stopped slowly. Nick could feel his mouth stretch into a smile and the soft laughs of the man as his face was pressed against his crotch. His head then came up, looking up at Nick with cum and spit running down his mouth. "Yeah, of course. We haven't done that yet."

Nick smiled back, still feeling the jolts of pleasure surge through his body and up his back as Francis' hands continued to stroke his member with his overexcited hands. "Okay." 

Nick watched as the stud turned around, putting his face to the teenager's crotch and showing off his wet, bubbly ass to him. Francis was still completely hairless here, as he bent down over Nick to expose his crack. His legs, however, were covered with hair. But his ass, the pink spot between his hole and his balls were as hairless as a baby. And judging by his quick, sudden movements as Nick stroked him here, he wasn't used being touched in such a sensitive spot. Nick liked to think he was the first one to put his mouth to the large man's most intimate area. 

Francis laid over top of him, letting Nick push his soft face into his asshole, his tongue pushed out as the boy grabbed his big, veiny cock with his hands.

"Ffffuucckkkk..." Francis moaned, as he felt Nick's soft fingers graze over his red cock-head. It was engorged and sticky, smelling like salty jizz and dirty, manly sweat. Francis was now spreading Nick's legs further apart, putting his fingers deep within his cheeks before he buried his face into Nick's crotch. He lay overtop of him, his face to the boy's dick while Nick, underneath him, stuck his face up into his butt.

The teen's dick was twitching with anticipation, begging to be sucked, but Francis knew foreplay was just as important as the actual deed. He hoped it would cause a more powerful ejaculation. He may have been eager to go down on him, but he wanted Nick to enjoy his orgasm.

"Oh fuck, Francis... fuck yeah..." Nick muttered his words, whispering them into Francis' asshole as he continued to lick up his sweat and manly fluids. Francis fingered him a bit more, pushing himself deeper into the boy's entrance before he finally put his mouth over his wet pole. He licked his dripping head and took in his shaft with big, pursing lips. He was just as desperate as Nick to get a taste of cock. He wanted to please him, and prove to him that he cared for him. Francis pushed his bottom further into Nick's face, feeling the boy's small hands grasp at his thighs, asking for more. He felt the teenager shudder in bliss as Francis' tongue swept over his hot head, attacking his piss-hole and driving himself down the length of his shaft.

Then, Nick took the jock's member into his own mouth. Francis' waist was hairy and muscular, and his brown pubes were soft on his face. Francis bucked his hips into Nick's mouth again as he felt the teenager grasp onto his cock with his warm mouth. Nick fondled the man's balls with one hand, stroking his fuzzy thighs while the other he used to keep the thick, hardening member in his mouth.

Nick pulled down his foreskin, feeling the large head spew more spunk into his mouth. It was scorching hot, and pushed into his gullet like it was a horny animal, trying to mate with him. Meanwhile, Nick was trying to keep himself composed as the stud went down on him, juggling Francis' nut sack while licking his quivering penis until more fluids leaked out of it. It was hard to focus on pleasuring Francis' cock when the stud was doing such a good job on him. He felt cared for, but he wanted to please his boyfriend.

"Mmmm..." Nick groaned, taking in more of the stud's hard, meaty cock into his mouth. The warmth of the stud's body kept Nick comfortable, and soon the two of them were pressed against each other, taking in one another's raging hard-ons while the other serviced them. Nick felt Francis' groin tense as he really pushed himself into Nick's mouth, pumping and grinding roughly into his hole. Nick was getting him hot, and the man couldn't control the way his body moved. Nick had him under his spell, and he had no intention of fighting it. But he tried to keep himself from cumming, for he didn't want to disappoint his partner. His hard penis went further and further in, reaching the boy's neck and causing him to choke and cough on his dick.

It wasn't long until Francis rolled onto his back. He got underneath, and pulled Nick over top of his body, still sucking hard on Nick's penis while he had his crotch to boy's face. He continued pumping his dick in and out of Nick's head, fucking his mouth as slowly as he could. He enjoyed every sensation of his boyfriend's hole, feeling him lick and stroke his manhood with excitement. Nick choked on it some more, slobbering his desperate spit all over the man's wood and swallowing his fluids.

Despite being underneath him, Francis was still overpowering. His abs rippled against Nick's chest, and his veiny thighs and ripped groin pushed up into his face, which got Nick really horny. And Francis could feel it.

The stud used his big hands to massage the boy's thighs, spanking him hard and squeezing his soft, hairless cheeks. Francis thought of Nick's ass as a gift from God, one he could never stop being thankful for. He felt his flesh in-between his fingers, massaging his cheeks and holding them firmly. It belonged to him, as much as he belonged to Nick. Francis continued feeling him up and down as he moved his manly lips all across the boy's shaft and head. He took all of Nick in, gagging a few times. But he wanted to go as far as he could. He needed to get Nick over the top. 

While Nick blew him like an expert, his small body shook overtop his boyfriend's hard muscles. The jock's tough chest was digging into his groin as he pulled the boys closer into him, and his erect nipples poked into his faint abs.

Soon Francis' thrusting motion became rougher. He drew himself out of Nick's mouth before pushing back in. His dick was like a large, meaty pipe, forcing itself inside of him again and again, harder and harder like a hydraulic pump of hot, veiny muscle. His cock was eight inches of pure man power, throbbing and leaking semen with each thrust.

"Uhhhnn... Nick," Francis moaned, taking a moment to feel the twink's mouth on his fat cock. Then, he licked up the sperm that fell out of Nick's tip. He pulled down his foreskin and lapped at his piss-slit like a horny caveman, slurping up whatever came out of him. He needed Nick's cum.

"UHN!" Nick yelled, bucking his hips as the stud worked his wood.

"Ohh shit. I can feel you," he whispered, his words taking Nick over the edge as his lips brushed the tip of his sensitive penis. "You're cumming."

Nick could only nod, unable to speak as the feeling overtook him. And with the large member still inside of his mouth, it prevent him from saying anything. His boyfriend's cock was also nearing climax, and the jock was quickly fucking his mouth with hard thrusts. He couldn't control himself from getting his nut. Francis pushed himself even deeper as he watched Nick's cock jump and twitch with every touch. He went down on it, sucking it dry right before Nick erupted prematurely. Large, watery pumps of cum burst out of the tip, spewing out of it like a geyser. Francis slurped it up easily, taking in the boy's warm fluids while some of it escaped his lips and ran down his shaft. 

"FUCK!" Nick said, the cock still filling up his mouth. He squirmed and jerked beneath the jock's hard, muscular body as he came, pushing himself into Francis' mouth. 

"Oh shit!" Francis yelled, suddenly sounding vulnerable but eager. "I'm cumming!"

Nick felt three fat wads of spunk burst from the hunk's dick, shooting far up inside his throat and completely soaking his face as his cock continued pumping in and out. The hot fluid made Nick tingle with more pleasure, and it's warmth, along with it's gritty but manly taste, caused his dick to let out another wave of loose cum.

Two more spurts followed, as Francis shoved himself deeper inside his mouth and put his lips against Nick's own cock. They made out with each other's dicks as Francis twitched and jerked, his body shaking as his cock ejaculated again, shooting more semen inside. Nick's own cum got onto Francis' face, dripping down his shaft as he lay overtop the stud's face. 

Francis was panting heavily, trying to catch his breath and digging his nipples harder into Nick's skin. They were both wet and sticky, covered in cum and a film of sweat. Then, when Francis finally pulled out of his mouth, Nick got up over him and kissed him quickly. He could taste his own cum on Francis' mouth, and smiled as he realized that Francis had swallowed every drop of it.

"You're my favourite flavour," Francis said, grinning like a teenage boy who'd seen a girl's tits for the first time.

Nick couldn't help but squeal as Francis swept him up into a hug, pulling his small body up with his huge muscles and keeping him close to his torso. "And you're mine."

Francis stroked his hair, and felt Nick's legs wrap around his waist as he lifted the boy into the air. He stood there, Nick holding onto his body like a baby animal clinging to it's parent. He kissed him again, and gave his ass another spanking. 

"Can we go back to your house? Sneak up to your room?"

"Yeah sure, why?"

Nick grinned. "I'm not done with you yet."

A week had passed by since their antics outside of the church. They'd gone on a several dates by then and spent almost every waking hour texting one another—whether it was stupid jokes or raunchy pictures. Nick had never been more happy before, and Francis knew for a fact he'd found someone that genuinely made his life a hundred times better that it was. 

It was on the following Monday when Nick got a call from Francis during lunch. Nick hid in the boys' bathroom (he waited until it was empty), locked the door behind him, and called Francis back.

"Hey!"

"Hey, babe," Francis said, sounding happy to hear him.

"What's up?"

"I'm at home, cleaning my room."

"Your mom made you?'

Francis tone lowered. "Yeah. What are you up to? You eat lunch yet?"

"Yup, just finished. I'm hiding in the bathroom so I could call you."

"Oh, sorry about that. Thanking for calling back though. There's something I wanted to ask you..." 

Nick smiled. "Oh?"

"Uh, yeah. I'm going to my cousin's wedding next week and I'm one of the groomsmen, so I'm supposed to bring a girl with me..."

Nick wasn't sure where this was going.

"... but there isn't really someone I'd want to bring. I told my cousin and he said I could bring a friend—like it didn't have to be a date. So I thought... maybe..." Francis trailed off, not finishing his sentence. "Did you..."

Nick nodded, his voice eager. "Yes. I'd love to go with you."

Francis smiled, his voice suddenly cheerful. "That's g-great! It'll be really fun. We can hangout and play video games while we're there."

Nick's heart was still pounding with excitement. "Video games?"

"Yeah, my brother's old PSP. And I have the Vita."

"Oh cool," Nick smiled. "That sounds fun."

"You can use the Vita, if you want. It's newer."

Nick shook his head. "I don't care about that, Francis. I'll be with you, that's all I need."

Francis hesitated, laughing at him. He loved it when Nick was romantic. "There's another thing..." Francis started. "I have to go into town today to get measurements for my tux. The wedding's kind of last minute..."

"Either that or you waited until the last minute," Nick teased.

Francis laughed again. "Yeah, that too. So did you want me to come with you? To get the tux?"

"Of course! We could kind of match or something."

"Yeah, I think it'd be nice if we got similar tuxes. I have to go with some of my cousins, and I don't like being around them alone."

"You don't get along?" Nick asked.

"Well, we're not that close." 

Nick knew how he felt. "I'm not close with mine. We barely see each other." Then, before Francis could change the subject, Nick dared to ask the question that had been bothering him. "Is... Matt going to the wedding?"

Francis hesitated. "Uh, I don't think so." He hated lying, but he didn't want to scare Nick into not coming. He would tell him later.
