 We were at the bar. "I think the porn industry is undervalued," he said with a slur in his voice. 

"Me too," I said with a raise of my glass. Tom and I were drinking at the hotel bar and we were clearly into our cups as my Irish friends might say. I had met him earlier in the week, both of us spending our evenings at the bar after doing different jobs in the day. I was a software engineer, sent to the city to help with a problem one of our clients was having. I think Tom was in sales, but we avoided work discussions. Mostly we talked about girls, and sports, and girls, and cars, and politics, and of course - girls. 

"You gotta hand it to them," he continued. "They provide a service for people and do it with style."

"You mean the porn style?" I asked trying to follow his line of reasoning. Tom was a good looking guy, in his early thirties if I had to guess. He seemed to be in good shape and was very polite, and talkative. We just seemed to hit it off earlier in the week and had ended up spending our evenings drinking and sharing thoughts at the bar. 

"The good porn," he said wagging his finger at me. "Not the homemade crap." 

"Well, porn is porn," I said, thinking of my nights alone with my iPad in one hand and my cock in the other.

"No, it's different," he said. "Bad porn is worthless. It can make you less horny and ruin your enjoyment. But good porn..." he paused and gave me a look. Leaning in closer he said, "You know what I mean, right?"

I was enjoying the conversation, and was beginning to get slightly aroused at the topic. "Yeah, I know," I agreed with a smile.

"I bet you that mine is bigger than yours," he said taking a sip of his beer and looking at me as a challenge.

I stammered, not sure how to respond. Was he talking about his dick? How did we get to this point? "Um," I said gracefully.

"My porn collection," he clarified. "What did you think I was talking about?"

"Oh,sure," I said,trying to recover my balance. "Well, I must admit I have a pretty big collection on my hard drive."

"Challenge accepted," he said. "Bring your goods to room 650. Gimme ten minutes."

(*)(*)

Feeling a mixture of curiosity and thrill, I went up to my room. How did I get into this situation? I grabbed my laptop and mixed a quick drink. I took both and went to Tom's room. 

"Come in," he said opening the door. His room was identical to mine, right down to the paintings on the wall. He had his laptop open on the desk and on it was a fantastic picture of a girl who was nude laying on a white bed. He blonde hair cascaded down the bed as she looked at the camera upside down on her back and her huge tits were rising up in the air. 

"Nice," I said, feeling my cock beginning to grow. I wondered what the night had in store.

"Just wait," he said as he began to flip through the images. One after another the girls were simply incredible. 

"Your turn," he said. I logged into my cloud where I had a pretty respectable number of images stored. I went to one of my favorites - a close up shot of a blonde, her tongue tickling the tip of a perfect dick. 

"Oh, blowjobs eh?" Tom immediately went to a photo of a girl with two cocks pressing together as she licked on them. My hard on was becoming more difficult to contend with at this point.

We continued to alternate porn images back and forth. Both of us spoke fewer words and our breathing was noticeable at this point. 

I rose from the bed and went to the fridge to see if Tom had anything to drink, needing to cool down just a bit.

"You know," Tom said as I handed him a beer, "great porn is truly great photography."

"Yeah," I agreed. He clicked and enlarged a photo to illustrate. 

"Just look at the detail here," he said as we viewed the image. It was a beautiful shot of a woman's breasts, her nipples erect and pointing at the camera. Between the large tits was a large penis, hard as nails and pointing up at her. 

"The lighting is important, and the tits and cock are perfectly captured," Tom said as he stared at the image.

I thought of one of my favorite pics, and hesitated before showing it to him. I knew that he might get the wrong idea, but I was feeling a little adventurous.

"Look at this one," I said as clicked. Tom was silent for a second, looking at the image. It was a guy, totally nude with a great cock standing at attention. He was clean shaved, and the shot was brilliantly lit from behind giving a soft glow around the hard dick.

"That is impressive," he said. "It must be a special strobe to capture that detail." 

"Actually," I said, "I think it's pretty simple. Just a lamp behind his dick, not hard to do."

"You know," he said sitting back on the bed. "You might be right. If we only had a way to try it." He looked at me for a moment, then rose up, and went to his suitcase and pulled out a camera.

I took a long pull on my beer. 

(*)(*)

As I showered, Tom set up the room. I was nervous as hell, and yet I was very excited. Of course I had a few selfies which I had taken of my cock, but never one that someone else took. 

I turned off the water, and toweled off, then exited the bath with the towel around my waist. 

Tom had positioned a lamp on the floor beside the bed. He was on the bed with his camera.

I took a moment to gather my courage, then I slowly began to open the towel. Tom immediately began to take pictures as I revealed my body. 

My dick was already hard, and as soon as I uncovered it, it sprang to attention. Tom was soon on his knees taking intimate photos of my cock. The feeling was incredible! Here I was with a complete stranger allowing him to take nude photos of me. It was very erotic.

He moved to position me right in front of the light. He shot several frames of me as I slowly turned side to side to get different angles. 

"Damn," he whispered as he continued to shoot. 

I was feeling so sexy - and more than a little naughty. I knew my cock looked good in the photos - at least I hoped it did. 

"Let me see," I said walking over to Tom to see the back of the camera. He raised up the camera and began to scroll through the images. He was a great photographer. He made my cock look huge in the screen - and it was just the way he had described it - soft light, but crisp hard edges on my dick. 

As I scrolled through, it suddenly struck me just how un-self conscious I was. I mean, here I was standing fully nude with a semi hard cock, and Tom was there still on his knees right in front of me as I looked at the images he had just taken of my penis in extreme close up. 

I looked at him appraisingly. "You want more, don't you?" I said looking at him as he looked up at me. I felt powerful. 

He just looked at me and nodded. 

"Well, I want to even things up just a bit," I said walking away with the camera. I sat down in the desk chair and took a pull on my beer. "Go on, shower off and let's see what you got."

"Oh," he stammered. "Okay." He rose up and grabbed something from his suitcase, and headed for the shower.

As I sat waiting, I could feel my thoughts in turmoil. What the hell was I doing? I barely knew this guy, and now I was basically playing doctor with him. I drank my beer, and told myself to shut the fuck up and just go with it. 

(*)(*)

Tom came out without a towel. Instead he had on a tight red bikini which outlined his bulge clearly. 

"Wow," I said as I walked over with the camera. "Nice package."

"Thanks," he said and I began to shoot a few frames. I got closer and closer as he modeled the tight bikini for the camera. His dick was hard and straining against the thin fabric. It was a really great look. As I shot, I motioned him to move over, closer to the light. 

The effect was fantastic. His hard cock aching to be let out of the tight bikini, with the light streaming all over his body. Tom had a great body - tight abs, and a strong look.

I shot a few more, then I stood up. 

"Okay," I said. "Now lose the briefs."

I watched in anticipation as Tom began to slowly pull down the sides of his red bikini. His dick was pointed down and clearly giving him resistance as he pushed. I began shooting the big reveal. 

Then Tom stopped, and held the pose of him just about to uncover his cock. "Like this?" He asked quietly.

"Yes, just like that," I encouraged. 

"Say it," he told me.

"What?"

"Tell me what you want to see."

Oh boy, Tom had gotten the same bug I had. A feeling of sexy power - knowing what I wanted and teasing me.

"I want you to pull down your tight, red bikini and show me your long, hard cock!" I said.

"Say the magic word," he said.

"Please," oh God please I thought. My cock was throbbing in anticipation now.

When he began to push them down further I started shooting again, his cock wrapped in red filling my viewfinder. Suddenly it sprang free and pointed up to the sky as he arched his back and thrust the monster dick at the lens. 

"Damn," I whispered as he presented that beautiful dick to me. 

He was clean shaved and his dick was clear and straight. It was begging to be sucked. 

I got closer and closer as I shot it from various angles. I loved the way his balls hung down, and I wanted to get even closer.

Reaching out, I pushed Tom's legs apart. He was warm to the touch and I slid my naked body below him as I continued to shoot upward with the camera. I got some amazing shots of his dick from below, his scrotum hanging down and the length of his pole extended through the frame. 

We were both breathing heavy with anticipation at this point. We both knew the photos were only a prelude to more action.

I was excited, but I wanted to make this last. I slid out from below my naked friend, and held up the camera for him. He took the offered camera as I sat up. So now I was positioned seated on the floor, his leg straddling my own, with his cock just inches from my face. 

Slowly I pushed myself up and allowed my lips to just almost touch the hard penis. I am sure he felt my breath as I continued to rise up in front of him. 

"Well," I said. "I think we both got some good shots."

"Me too," he agreed as he scrolled through the photos of his dick.

I went to the desk and sipped on my beer, watching his naked body and I thought about how to proceed. 

"You know," I said. "One cock is good..."

"But two are better?"

"Exactly," I said as I stared at his penis.

I slowly walked toward him, my hard dick leading the way. I still had not touched him, nor had he touched me, except a few brushes on the legs. But now I walked right up to him, both of us staring down as our cocks came to an inch away from each other.

He began to shoot the scene. I moved forward to just almost touching, then slid just to the side, so our dicks were side by side. My feet were interlaced with his, yet our dicks never so much as brushed against each other. 

"Do you want it?" I whispered in his ear as he shot down with the camera.

"Yes," he moaned.

"Do you want to feel my hard cock touching, and rubbing against your penis, Tom?"

"Please," he whispered. I saw his dick twitch as he became even more aroused.

I pulled back to let the dick's face each other. "Tell me what you want Tom," I said. I was feeling very slutty.

"I want to feel your cock," he said as he shot more pictures. "Rub the tip against my dick."

I slowly closed the gap. It was electric, the feeling of his cock tip as my own nestled up on it. It was a fantastic feeling, and knowing that this was the first real contact between us was somehow even more erotic. 

Suddenly I was overwhelmed with desire. I reached down with both hands and grabbed our cocks and began to rub them together. Tom moaned as I worked my hands on his penis and rubbed the length of my shaft along his.

I began to masturbate both of us, stroking the cocks together. I could feel the cum building up in my balls, and I knew he was close too. So I stopped.

I stepped back, and Tom followed forward keeping scant inches from me. I felt the bed behind me, then Tom pushed me down on the edge of the bed. 

Now I was facing his huge cock, and I didn't even hesitate to slide it into my mouth. His dick head was soft, but the shaft was hard as bone. I licked his cock as he slid in and out of my wet mouth. 

I could hear the clicks of the camera as I slurped on his pole, but I was lost in the feeling of giving another man a blowjob. It was incredible. 

I reached up and simultaneously stroked his penis and tugged lightly on his balls. I could tell he was getting close, and again I felt an incredible sense of power. I looked up into the camera, not even trying to hide my face as I slid him in and out of my mouth. Suddenly I didn't care if the whole internet saw me sucking this guy. In fact, knowing that I was fully exposed gave me even more of a thrill and I worked him even harder and faster. 

"I am gonna cum," he moaned. 

"Cum on my face," I said between sucks on his throbbing dick.

He did just that - he shot a full load into my open mouth as I stroked him off. He continued to spurt more warm cum on my face as I jerked on his penis. 

Finally, he pulled back and collapsed on the bed beside me. I continued to massage his balls as his spent dick twitched and began to deflate. 

I reached over to grab the camera before it slid off the bed. I lay back beside Tom and began to scroll through the images of our encounter. His penis erupting into my mouth was a fantastic shot, cum caught in mid stream.

As I scrolled I felt his hand slide up on to my rock hard cock. He began to stroke me as I filled my vision with the erotic shots of our dicks rubbing together.

I felt him lean over, and glanced down last the screen to see him take my cock in his mouth. 

Switching modes, I began to photograph him as he sucked my dick. He was much slower than I had been, and it was much more sensual. He worked down and licked my balls, sending chills through my body. I moved the camera to my side, holding out my hand to get some side shots of the action. 

Tom rolled over and straddled my legs as he began to suck on my penis in earnest. He slowly slid the entire length into his mouth, nuzzling against the base of my shaved groin. 

Faster and harder he worked me, and I had a hard time remembering to snap the shutter. I felt the cum building up as he stroked me and sucked on the tip of my dick.

Loudly I moaned and somehow kept the camera pointing at the action as he slid his hand up and down my wet shaft. Then he really turned on the gas, gripping me even tighter and sliding up and then pounding down on my cock. 

I erupted a full fountain of cum in the air, splashing his chest with my semen. He bent over again and took my gushing dick into his mouth, sucking on my pole as I shot load after load in his mouth. His tongue was swirling cum around my cock, leaking out the corner of his mouth as he continued to stroke me ever more slowly. 

I collapsed back as he licked my body clean, then he crawled up and lay beside me on his back. My hand instinctively went to his dick, and his to mine. We fell asleep like this.

It was an incredible night. And I have the pictures to remember it.

(*)(*)