 I couldn't wait for the nightly room check. Last night I had the most erotic encounter of my young life when I walked in on Tom lying naked in his bed, with his cock rock hard. I had not seen him on campus all day, so I was hoping for a repeat performance.

I tried to be cool as I walked the dorm hallway, knocking on doors, "Room check," I called out each time. I only had to open and peek in on two of the guys. One was a no show, which only meant that I would mark him as not in his room. No big deal, we were allowed to miss three times each month, and they could check out up to five times a month, not counting weekends when we didn't even have curfew. Most of the time guys were in another room watching TV or playing a game, and they just told the supervisor the next day. No big deal. 

The second room with no answer was Tom's room. My heart raced as I opened the door to his room. 

"Room check," I whispered, not wanting to wake Tom if he was indeed asleep. He wasn't. He was on his bed wearing headphones with the cord stretched across the floor to the TV set. His back was propped up on the pillows of his headboard, and his long legs were splayed open. 

Of course he didn't hear me because of the headphones, and he was facing the screen, so he didn't see me standing in the doorway.

But none of that caught my attention. I was fixated on his long, shiny penis which was getting stroked slowly as he stared at the porn on the TV set. 

Holy fuck! He was jacking off! Right there in front of me!

I hadn't expected this. I had hoped to see him naked in his bed asleep, but here he was pounding that meat while I just stood in the open doorway.

His hand was stroking his cock with long, full pulls. He let out a soft moaning as he increased the pace, his total attention on the blonde who was getting fucked on the screen. 

It had been long enough for me to get busted,so I decided to leave him to his business, and began to back away. The movement must have caught his eye, because he suddenly turned to stare at me with a look of shock and fear on his face which mirrored the look I must have on my own. 

"Shit," he exclaimed loudly, "you scared me!"

He was still wearing the headphones so he was shouting in the quiet dorm. I quickly closed the door to the hallway before anyone heard him, as I motioned for him to keep his voice down.

Tom pulled off the headphones and tossed them on the bed as he covered his prick with one hand. Or at least he tried to. He had an enormous hard on, and his penis kept slipping out from behind his fingers like a puppy who wanted to play.

"What the fuck are you doing?" he whispered fiercely as he regained his composure.

"Room check," I said lamely, embarrassed at the whole situation. 

"Joe," he whispered, "please don't tell anyone." 

"Tell them what?" I asked. As I spoke my eyes drifted down to his crotch, seeing the tip of his cock peeking out from his hand.

Tom noticed my gaze, and tried with renewed efforts to conceal his manhood. "Dude, am I in trouble?" he asked.

He was actually worried that I might bust him. I felt sorry for him, sorry that I had put him in this situation. I wanted to tell him that it was okay, that I had touched his cock last night, and I wanted to touch it again right now! But instead I said, "Well, I suppose I could let you off with a warning."

I don't know why I said this. It was really an asshole move on my part, playing the power game. But I really wanted to see more of his penis, so I decided that just a little leverage might not be a bad thing.

"I will do anything you ask Joe," Tom whispered. 

With a boldness I didn't even know I possessed I said, "Tom, what I want is for you to let me watch."

His eyes lit up with understanding as he nodded. "Sure, no problem! You can have it," he said, with a gesture to the VCR which was paused. 

"I didn't say I wanted the tape," I whispered. "I said I want to watch." With this I let my eyes shift down to his cock again.

"Oh", Tom said. He seemed confused, which was understandable. "You want to...watch?"

"Yeah, dude. I want to watch the porn with you." I kept staring at his dick, which seemed to grow harder as his brain wrapped itself around the concept. We both knew what I was really saying. I wanted to watch him masturbate!

"Well, I guess that would be okay," he said with hesitation. "I mean, I know it's against the rules and stuff, but sometimes I just need to... well you know," he finished with a grin. "Promise you won't tell anyone?"

"I won't tell if you won't."

Tom was having a hard time pushing his cock down. I motioned for him to start the movie as I crossed over to pull up a chair beside the bed. I was at an angle to the screen, but more importantly I could see his magnificent cock from this position. 

He grabbed the remote from the bed and started the movie. The blonde on the screen was moaning as she was being pounded from behind by a stud. 

"Take out the headphones so we can hear it," I said.

Tom glanced at me, knowing that to do this he was going to have to stand up, giving me a view of his dick. To his credit, Tom simply moved his hand away from his crotch and stood up to cross to the TV. This brought his nude body very close to me, and I looked unabashedly at his penis as he moved.

Suddenly the room was filled with the sounds of screaming and moans as the volume on the TV was no longer muted by the headphones. I jumped up in alarm, crossing to the bed to dive for the remote. Tom was faster, leaping for the device at the same time, causing both of us to end up laying on the bed as he frantically turned down the volume of the babe who was screaming in orgasm!

Shocked by the sudden silence, we both froze, waiting to hear commotion from the room next door. I was afraid the volume had woke up half the campus, and it was clearly from a loud orgasm, no doubt about it!

We both froze, listening hard and breathing heavy from the burst of adrenaline. Tom glanced at me, his face inches from my own, and we both began to laugh! We tried to keep it quiet, which only made the whole thing more funny! Soon we were both snorting quiet gusts of suppressed laughter as we lay together on the bed.

I was keenly aware that Tom was naked. His dick had subsided somewhat, but it was still a dick, and it was right there beside me as we lay with our heads propped up by pillows. 

"Well," I said quietly, "I suppose we could try it again, but with lower volume."

Tom simply pressed play on the remote, and we were immediately rewarded with the sights of the blonde finishing her orgasm as she rode that big cock. The man then pulled out of her pussy and shoved his dick into her open mouth. She licked and slurped that monster cock and I noticed Tom's dick rising to the occasion.

"I believe," I said, "that you like the action."

Tom turned his head, his face still close to mine. "I love it. I like to watch his big cock being sucked by her. It gets me horny, what can I say?"

"Go ahead," I said with a gesture to his penis, which was now solidly erect.

He immediately moved his hand up to wrap around his pole, and began to stroke it. I was fascinated and totally aroused at the sight. 

"You look nice," I whispered. 

"Why don't you join me?"

I slowly rose up from the bed and turned to face him. I removed my shirt, then unbuckled my jeans. Tom continued to jack off as he watched me undress. 

I felt so aroused, and just a little naughty as I slid down my pants to reveal my bikini shorts. Tom moaned when he saw the bulge in my tight blue briefs. 

"Show me," he whispered as he masturbated on the bed in front of me.

I hooked both thumbs around the sides of my bikinis and began to slowly push them down. Tom kept stroking faster as he saw my cock base begin to reveal itself from my tight shorts. I was hard as a rock, my dick pointing straight down and encased in the fabric. But I was really enjoying the sight of him masturbating as he watched me expose myself. 

Sliding down one side further, I gave him a glimpse of most of my dick. I knew I was being a tease, but at that moment I just wanted to make him cum!

Tom moaned as he pounded his dick, and I pulled the briefs away from my cock, letting it slide upright. The fabric stretched over my penis, clearly outlining every vein and my tip, wet with pre cum. 

I knelt down beside the bed and positioned myself close to his manhood. Tom looked at me with pleading in his eyes and I moved closer to his penis. I just stared at that shiny, slick cock as he worked it and moaned softly. I watched his balls as they rolled in his scrotum, alive with cum. It was a glorious sight and I took it in.

"Please, let me see it," Tom whispered to me, looking down between his legs at my face.

I rose up again, and proudly thrust my hard cock against the thin fabric of my shorts. Pulling them up, I slid them over the top of my hard on and exposed my cock to Tom. He moaned and thrust into his palm as I slid the bikini briefs off my cock and down to the floor.

I just stood there hard as stone with him masturbating to the sight of my shaved penis. It felt so good to be naked in front of him! I relished the feeling of giving him excitement by revealing my cock. It was power, and I was drunk on it.

"Stop," I said, surprising us both. I don't know what possessed me to begin giving commands, but the night was full of surprises. Here I was in the dorm room of my friend, totally naked and watching him masturbate as he stared at my pecker. I figured that this was going to be my one shot, so I was going to milk it for all its worth.

Tom looked at me with pleading in his eyes. He was on the verge of orgasm, and desperate for release. 

"Do you have any lube?" I asked, knowing full well he did.

He quickly reached beside the bed and pulled out a small bottle of baby oil.

"Pour some on my dick," I said boldly, thrusting my hard cock forward.

Tom quickly shifted around to the edge of the bed, positioning himself right in front of my penis. He looked up at me and raised the bottle above my pole. Then he looked back down and shot a steady stream of shiny oil onto my waiting dick.

The cold oil felt incredible as it coated the tip of my cock, rivulets cascading down to coat my entire shaft and loose balls. I let out an involuntary gasp at the sensation.

Tom continued to pour liberal amounts of oil on my penis until I was afraid I was going to erupt from the feelings.

"Okay," I gasped. Tom smiled knowingly and rose up to kneel on the bed in front of me. Our hard dicks were now side by side, a few inches apart.

"My turn," he whispered as he rose up to stand on the bed. Now his dick was right in front of my face! It was such a large specimen that I suddenly wanted to take it into my wet mouth and shove it down my throat. 

Tom handed me the oil, and I raised it up to pour it onto his already slick dick. I shot it out like a fire hose, spraying oil all over his dripping cock and directly onto his balls. I sprayed it up onto his chest as he looked down at me with a passion in his eyes.

Tossing the bottle to the floor, I fell onto the bed below Tom. He turned to see me as I pulled myself up onto the pillows. My dick was pointing right at him, my legs spread wide open. I had never been so exposed, or so alive!

I motioned for him to sit, and he lowered himself back down onto the bed. His legs crossed over mine, and soon we were both facing each other spread eagle with our hard cocks between us. 

"Do exactly what I do," I whispered. Tom nodded and continued to stare at my naked body.

I slid one hand up to cup my balls. Tom did the same, our hands brushing against each other we were so close.

With my free hand I took my index finger and began to swirl the oil on the tip of my wet dick. Tom moaned with pleasure as he mimicked my actions. Then I slowly wrapped my fingers around my cock and began to stroke. Our hands were pressed against each other, so it was easy to keep a mutual masturbation rhythm going.

Suddenly I stopped my strokes and pulled both hands back from my throbbing dick. It took Tom a few more strokes to pause, but finally he did, moving his hands behind his back and thrusting his cock upward between us. I gave him a glance, then smiled and matched his arc, pushing my dick to a millimeter distance from his own. It was electric knowing our throbbing dicks were so close to each other!

Slowly I sat back down, as Tom did the same. I knew we both were on the edge, and needed release. Laying back I reached up with both hands and encircled my slick, wet penis and began to stroke with a fast pace. Tom matched me stroke for stroke as I masturbated together with him.

Our breathing was in sync and we both knew we were about to erupt. We began to softly moan together as we jacked off just inches apart. I kept my eyes on his cock, enjoying the sight and thrilled by the knowledge that he was similarly aroused by my own penis. 

Suddenly Tom gasped and his cock tip exploded in a geyser of semen! It arced high above us both, then warm cum coated both of our slick cocks! The sensation of his ejaculation on my skin was all it took, and I came hard. My own cum shot out with a surprising force, hitting Tom in the chest and dribbling down his hard abs as he kept cumming and stroking. We pointed our dicks at each other as we continued to shoot warm cum from our throbbing dicks.

Finally spent, we both collapsed back onto the bed, our matching penises still twitching from all the excitement. 

Tom began to snore immediately. I slowly extricated myself from between his legs and sat on the edge of the bed admiring his nude body.

I fondled my semi hard cock and balls as I reached out to touch his dick. Unlik the night before, I had no worries about waking him up, so I allowed myself to rub and stroke his cock as he lay sleeping. It felt so heavy and so good! His soft skin was coated in cum and oil and I got hard again as I stroked both our cocks. 

Not wanting to stop I kept stroking my sensitive dick and masturbating him at the same time. His cock began to grow in my warm hand as I played with it. 

My own dick was once again rock hard and soon I was stroking two fully erect penises at the same time! It was not long before Tom moaned and his eyes opened in a lustful surprised expression. He simply lay there with his legs apart and watched my hand sliding over his hard cock.

I shifted up to let him see me stroking as I rose up beside him.

This time I came first, with a stream of warm cum shooting out of my spent penis onto his leg. It sent Tom over the edge, and soon warm cum was once again spraying out, coating my hand as I finished him off. 

Rising up, I let his dick fall limply between his legs, and gathered my clothes. I used his towel to wipe myself clean, then draped it onto his sleeping form. I took one last look at his magnificent cock, slid on my clothes, and slipped out the door.

When I returned to my room I barely had time to make it to my bed before I fell asleep. My dreams were filled with visions of Tom's cock and I began to dream of what might happen tomorrow.

(*)(*)