 "Oh fuck, Joe, fuck...mmmm Daddy I like it!" Joe was eating my ass like nobody's business. His scruffy face rubbing against the insides of my cheeks. He was tongue fucking me, while his lips slide alongside my juicy, puckered ass hole. He would occasionally work his way down, and suck on my smooth balls. He moaned loudly, while he penetrated me over and over. My face was pressing into the mattress, and my ass was high in the air. His hands were propping my thighs and ass up. 

"Mmm...Daddy...Fuck me, please, fuck me..." He kissed up my spine and I felt his thick cock rub along the inside of my ass cheeks. He teased my hole, by sliding his slick dick up and down the crevice, spreading my cheeks, and making me want him inside of me. He tapped the sides of my ass, as I turned to face him. His luminous tan skin glowing in the light coming from the window high above our bed. I took his handsome face in my hands, pulling him to me. We kissed passionately, and I tasted a little of me on his lips. He worked his way to my neck, as I lay back. He knew just where to nibble, scratching at my sweet spot, with his hairy face. I clawed at his neck, feeling his hands spread my legs again. My hard dick sliding up his muscular abs, feeling the thick trail of hair brush against the underside of my shaft. 

He pinned my knees up against his chest, and I felt the head of his cock rub alongside the inner cheeks of my ass. I was gaping for him to enter me. My ass begged, with open and close clenches, awaiting his thickness to come into me. He probed, teasingly, moaning in my ear, "You want Daddy's dick? You want it baby?" "Yeahhh Joe...Fuck me Daddy...You fuck me so good baby." He moaned again, biting my lobe, as I feel him enter me. 

He pushed his thick seven inches into my ass tissue, as I felt my ass clench tightly around his shaft. Every inch of his rock hard cock probed through me, resting against my deepest pressure point, at my prostate. He started thrusting in and out, biting my lower lip, and licking at the inside of my mouth. He pulled back, looking into my eyes. "Damn those blues baby...I love fucking you." "I love the way you fuck me Daddy." He smiled, and went back to my neck.

Joe had been fucking me for a few minutes, when I felt myself cumming. He could see it in my eyes, as he pulled out, and pulled my dick straight at him. I bit my lip and gasped as I shot my load all over him. He coated his crotch and cock with my load, slowly pulling and stroking my dick with his slick hand. "That's it baby, that's it...Enjoy it baby." His low morning rasp was such a turn on. He finished milking my dick, and stroked himself for a few, while he rubbed my stomach, calming me down from my orgasm. I draped my arms across my face, hiding my eyes from the light. I loved this feeling.

Joe moved into position, sliding his cum covered cock into me again. I moved my arms, and cupped him under his hairy pits, while he began to slowly thrust in and out of me again. His hairy chest rubbing against my smooth skin, and his balls slapping rhythmically against my lower ass cheeks. He moaned into my ear how good it felt to be in me. I bit at his ear, as he moaned, "Fuuuuuuuuuu...baby Daddy's gonna cum. You want it? You want Daddy's load?" "Yeah Daddy, I wanna feel it baby...Do it Joe...Mmmmm..." Joe pulled back to look me in the eyes, and I saw him wince and bit his lower lip. His eyes started to roll back, and he let out a low growl "Ooohhhhh Fuckkkkkkkkk..."

He buried his face against my neck, as I felt his cock bob up and down in me, twitching and shooting cum deep into me. Joe is a big cummer, and I felt him cumming for about a minute, a slow trickle of cum leaking out of my hole, down my crevice. The airflow from the fan above us, chilled the stream of cum, making my ass flex.

"Uhhh...babe babe babe...Nooo...Goddd fuck..." He was giggling, as he pressed into me. His cock was super sensitive after he came, and my clenching must've triggered it. "Aha! Fuck...Stop it! Errrrr...Haha, stoppppp... Mmm..." I stopped, and he pressed his lips to mine. He kissed me passionately, and I wrapped my arms around his neck. 

We cuddled for a few minutes, as I felt Joe start to pull out of me. "Noooo baby...I like when you're in me." He smiled, and pushed back into the deep. His forearms were on either side of my neck, and his lips were at my forehead. He kissed me a couple of times, running a hand through my hair, pressing me against his smooth chest. "Mmmm baby...We gotta get up for work though." "I just wanna stay like this for awhile." He patted my head and started to pull out again, in spite of my protests. 

Joe had a hand pressed to my stomach, as he pulled all the way out. I felt the space within me close up, and he lay beside me, rubbing up and down my smooth stomach. "Mmm...I love being inside you baby." I giggled at his cheesiness. "Joe...How am I supposed to get up like this? You cum like a horse, and now it's all in me." He leaned over, and kissed me. "You like it like that Alex." He was still rubbing my stomach, as he got up, giving me a couple taps. I felt an air pocket escape, and I giggled. "Omg... ugh." He laughed as he got up, pulling at my hands with his. He was still hard, and I saw the glisten of cum dripping out of his cock head. 

I got up and he led me to the bathroom. I felt a rush of cum dribbled out of me, and I reached back to cup my ass. Joe always cums in me, but we hadn't had morning sex in so long. We usually cuddle til we fall asleep, and by the time I wake up, he's dissolved into me. 

Joe started the shower, as I sat on the toilet, letting him drain out of me. He turned and winked at me, while he tested the temperature, and walked out of the stall. He held his hand out. "I'm still leaking," I laughed and hid my face. "Baby, stand up." I stood up, and reached back, but he took my hand, and turned me around. He knelt behind me, and pressed his lips to my ass. I felt his tongue probing me, in and around my ass hole. I braced myself against the toilet basin, and moaned. It felt so good, and my ass was still sensitive, as he tongue fucked me, licking up his load. After a couple minutes he stood up and pulled me into the shower with him. 

The warm water poured over us, as I felt Joe rub up and down my stomach, while he kissed the back of my neck. I reached back around his head, pulling him closer to me. His hands went to my hips, and his hard cock pressed against my ass. He moaned in my ear, "Baby, you feel so good. I wanna be in you so bad." "Mmm...cum inside Daddy..." He bit at my ear, as he pressed his dick into me. He pushed back inside, sending a rush of pleasure up my spine. My sensitive ass, taking every inch of him inside me. He fucked me rapidly, the water splattering in rhythmic motion.

Joe was holding tightly to me, as he fucked me rapidly. My legs went limp, as I fell back against him. I couldn't handle it, letting out moans and gasps. He was growling in my ear, as he sped up. "God...fuck I'm cummin baby...I'm...Grrrrrr..." He pushed all the way in, holding onto me, as his dick flexed up and down in me, shooting another load. "Fuccck...Mmmm." He was moaning in my ear, while he came. 

I held onto him, as I regained my posture. He was breathing hard against my neck, and I leaned forward, to brace against the shower wall, as his dick pulled out of me. 

We caught our breath, and giggled, as Joe poked at my ass. "You are a naughty boy, makin me fuck you this much." "You can fuck me anytime you want Joe." He kissed me, and pushed my dark hair away from my face. The water poured down over us, as Joe grabbed the bar of soap, and started to wash me off. 

He slowly lathered me up from face to toes, and washed me completely. I left the shower, and toweled off, while he finished showering. I watched him through the glass doors, as he slowly massaged the soap into his chest and hairy abs. His cock was still amazingly hard, as he soaped his shaft and balls.

I was getting dressed, as Joe walked into the closet, cock swinging loosely in front of him. I couldn't take my eyes off of him. "You want more baby? We can call in sick." "No...I just like looking at you." He smiled, "I like you looking at me babe." He had contrasting tan lines from his swim trunks. So sexy. He pulled a pair of boxers on, hiding the tan lines, and proceeded to dress. 

Joe dropped me off at work with a kiss, and said he'd meet me at home. I spent the rest of the day busy, but his sexy ass in the back of my mind. God I love that man.