 Sharon was in a great mood. As executive director of WTYT, she finally had Joe the Weatherman where she wanted him. Joe you see, was the newest and handsomest member of the WTYT community. Six foot four and 200 pounds, he had a slightly nerdy, clean cut look that was very appealing. Scott, his 19 year old intern, was almost a miniature Joe, about six foot two and equally handsome. Sharon could tell by the way both men walked they had larger than average endowments. They consistently wore white dress shirts which showed their white tank tops underneath, which really turned her on. She also assumed they wore boxer shorts, since all the young men at WTYT chose them as their favorite type of underwear. She was determined to get both men down to their boxers and watch them thrust their dicks in and out of each other's shorts and then suck off each other...another one of her top fantasies she had seen in a bisexual flick she had rented.

As luck would have it, an opportunity presented itself almost immediately. Joe and Scott were caught smoking weed in the staff boardroom, an action strictly against company policies. They could have both easily been terminated, but Sharon had other ideas....she had sent a memo to both men instructing them to meet her at her home at 6 PM the following day. Sharon didn't dare risk anything on the set of WTYT, and besides, she needed complete privacy for her fantasy to flower.

Joe and Scott were extremely nervous. They both figured they would be fired, and had no other job lined up. They were pretty much willing to do anything, but never dreamed of what Sharon had in store for them! The next day passed pretty much uneventfully. Joe and Scott avoided Sharon all day, then drove to her place in separate cars, thinking of ways to convince her to keep them on the payroll. They knocked on the door timidly, with beads of sweat already collecting on their foreheads.

Sharon opened the door quickly.

"Ah, gentlemen, thank you for coming. I've been looking forward to this evening. Why don't you sit down on the sofa?" Joe and Scott uneasily made their way to the oversized plush sofa, as Sharon sat on a love seat directly opposite from them. 

"I'll get right to the point. Smoking weed on company facilities is enough to get you immediately terminated!"

"Please" Joe begged "Give us another chance."

"Yeah" Scott said, "We'll do anything you say for a whole year!"

"Anything?" Sharon looked at both men quizzically.

"Well, Joe said offhandedly "We won't get naked."

Scott chuckled but Sharon remained dead serious.

"That won't be necessary...but I do need to see you both undress to your underwear."

"OUR UNDERWEAR??" Joe was incredulous and immediately started to turn beet red.

"But I never....we never" Scott was at a loss for words.

"There's always a first time for everything" Sharon was grinning widely. "Those suits look far too hot. Scott, since you are Joe's intern, you need to undress him right now."

Scott hands began to shake "P-p-please don't make me do that!!"

"Well, I guess I will start filling out the termination papers" Sharon said in a businesslike way.

"N-nooo!" Joe decided he was going to have to speak for Scott as well as himself. "We'll....We'll do it!" He looked down at the ground helplessly. 

"Good choice" Sharon was exultant "Scott you go first and undress Joe nice and slow."

Scott and Joe both rose from the couch. The hapless intern untied Joe's shoes and gently took them off. He then peeled down Joe's black dress socks. Joe removed his own jacket while Scott started to work on the buttons of his shirt. After what seemed like an eternity, Scott pushed the shirt off Joe's shoulders, revealing his snow white A-shirt. Then he kneeled down right in front of Joe's basket. With shaking hands, he undid Joe's belt and lowered his zipper. Joe gave a loud grunt as his pants slowly dropped to his ankles. He was wearing full cut baby blue boxer shorts, and his eight inch endowment was clearly visible pressing against the right leg. 

"Well done Scott" Sharon's panties were getting quite wet, but the best was yet to come! "Now, Joe, you need to undress Scott."

Joe very awkwardly removed Scott's shoes and socks, swearing under his breath the whole time. He then made short shrift of Scott's jacket and shirt, leaving him in a stark white A-shirt similar to his own. He quickly undid Scott's belt and zipper, and his dress slacks fell to a heap at his feet. Scott sported plaid full cut boxer shorts, and his half hard dick protruded slightly from the fly opening. Sharon was so aroused by the sight of the two handsome guys in their underwear, she almost came. But she composed herself as she coldly made her next command.

"OK, that's good, but we're not finished. I want to see what your dicks look like."

Both men groaned loudly. "Come on Sharon", Joe pleaded "this isn't fair."

"Anything I want is fair" Sharon's eyes fluttered "now, take them out!"

Both men very awkwardly reached into the flies of their boxer shorts and took out their half hard cocks. Joe's was about 4 inches in that state, while Scott's was barely 3 inches.

"Not bad, but I want to see them hard. Have you gentlemen ever tried 'boxer thrusting'?"

Joe nodded in complete shame. "I did it once at a frat party when everyone got drunk and we were all stripped to our boxers."

Scott nervously interjected "yeah, and I did it once with a high school buddy in gym class when everyone else was outside."

"Good" Sharon started to frig herself in anticipation of the lewd act. "I want Joe to put his cock in Scott's boxers and Scott at the same time put his cock in Joe's boxers. Then jab them back and forth."

The two men looked at each other apologetically but knew it was hopeless to argue. Joe advanced slowly to where Scott was standing, and pushed his half hard dick into the wide boxer fly. At the same time Scott's burgeoning erection entered Joe's ample boxer slit. The two men let out loud grunts as their dicks made contact. Then they slowly but surely established a distinct rhythm as they thrusted their dicks into each other's boxers. Joe's groans and moans became higher pitched as his jabbing action caused his prick to go deeper and deeper into Scott's boxer shorts. As for Scott, his eyes were tightly shut as he swore and moaned freely as the sensations became more and more intense. After about 2 minutes of frantic boxer thrusting, Sharon blew a small whistle. "OK, that's enough, now take them out."

The two men slowly separated, breathing heavily. As Sharon had predicted, their cocks were absolutely rock hard, Joe's easily topping out at eight inches while Scott's was a little smaller at about seven. "Wow, nice hard dicks guys, but I can't let them go to waste. Scott, kneel before Joe,please."

"W-h-h-a-a-t-t-t-" Scott stuttered, suddenly aware of what he was going to have to do. 

"That's right Scott, I want you to play skin flute on Joe's cock until he cums in your mouth."

"I-I-I c-c-can't" Scott started to cry "I n-n-n-ever..." 

Don't worry, I'm sure you'll do fine. Besides, Joe's never had a blow job, right?"

Joe turned seven shades of crimson as he reluctantly nodded. Although he was 23, he had never found a girl who would service him.

"Now pull Joe's balls out of his boxers and lick them. Then slowly make your way up the shaft."

Scott's hands were shaking so violently, he could barely manuever Joe's ample meatballs out of his boxers. He leaned forward and stuck his tongue out. Joe let out a moan of ecstasy as Scott slowly bathed first his left ball, then his right testicle with his spit. Scott was surprised at how much he enjoyed the taste of his mentor's ballsacs. He became more adventurous, sticking his tongue further back and enjoying Joe's groans and moans as they got higher pitched. After 2 exquisite minutes in which every nook and cranny of Joe's balls were explored, Scott opened his mouth as wide as possible and swallowed Joe's prickhead in one gulp. Joe let out a loud scream that could have been heard a mile away as Sharon had her first orgasm. Scott slowly but surely put inch after delicious inch of Joe's tasty cock into his mouth, thrusting as deeply as possible as Joe let out a series of howls. The Weatherman jacked off with his prick sticking out of his boxers every morning, but had never been blown in them, his hottest sexual activity so far. 

Joe tried to hold back, but knew a huge load was just moments away. Sharon apparently sensed this too, as she gently pulled Scott off of Joe's spit covered prick. 

"I don't want you to cum yet Joe, we have a job to do."

"We-e-e-e-?" Scott was incredulous.

"That's right Scott, Joe and I are going to take turns deep throating you" Sharon beamed.

"B-i-i-t-t-c-c-h-h-" Scott stammered "This is unbelievable."

Sharon quickly walked over to the rock-hard Scott and pulled his medium sized meatballs out of his boxers. Then she bathed them with her tongue as Scott moaned and grunted into oblivion. Sharon soon turned her attention to Scott's shaft, throating 5, 6, and ultimately 7 inches of hard dick down her willing throat. Scott almost fainted, as in his 19 years had been given only a few quick blowjobs, nothing like this. After Scott almost reached the boiling point, Sharon let his dick slip from his mouth. "OK, Joe, it's your turn."

Joe very slowly took Scott's dickhead in his mouth and got about 2 inches in before he pulled back. Then, he plunged 3, 4, and then 5 inches of Scott's tubesteak in his hot cavern as his intern moaned loudly with lust. Sharon and Joe started to alternate throating Scott's wang, Sharon easily taking all 7 inches while Joe got about 5 inches in before gagging. As for Scott, he was in such ecstasy he almost passed out. Like Joe, Scott loved to masturbate with his 7 incher poking out of his boxers but being blown in them was the ultimate in terms of pleasurable sensations. 

Although he tried to hold back, the effect of the double blow job was just too much. Scott let out a loud scream, and started to blast off huge loads of sperm. "I'M GOING TO POP! ARRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!!" 

At the same time, the thrill of sucking his mentor's cock brought Joe the Weatherman over the edge. "TTTTHHHHIIISSSS IS ITTTTTTTTTTT! YYYYYYEEEEEAAAHHHHHHHHHHH! GGGGGGOOOOOODDDDDDDDDDD!" 

Joe's sperm splashed everywhere, on Scott's thighs, cock, and boxers, as Sharon swallowed Scott's ample seed. Then, the three unlikely participants collapsed on the floor, completely spent. Sharon was the first to speak, still marveling at the way the two men's flaccid cocks and balls looked poking out of their cute boxers.

"OK Gentleman, I will rip this incident report up and no one will ever know what happened. But, I think you enjoyed this experience, so if you smoke weed again, I will have to think of something less pleasurable." 

Sharon winked at the two men, who were still practically hyperventilating. Joe and Scott were too tired to think straight, but both were totally surprised how intense their first same-sex experience was. Tomorrow at the office was going to be interesting...how could all three of them work side by side again and act "normally?"

to be continued.....comments welcome!