 Lecky's was really busy on a Tuesday night. The local Jaycee organization held a meeting on Tuesday nights and there was always a crowd. I worked my ass off. Naturally, the cook's wife had their baby on Tuesday afternoon and one of the waitresses called in sick. I had to work as pizza chef and occasional waiter and cashier. The only positive thing about it was the Jaycee crowd tipped like a mofo and I made over two hundred dollars in tips. I stopped by the ATM at the campus bank on the way back to the dorm and deposited the entire amount.

I liked to deposit my tips after work because I'd had money disappear from my dorm room on a couple of occasions. Naturally, I suspected Randy who acted mortally wounded when I asked if he knew what had happened to the four hundred dollars I'd left in my desk drawer. He reminded me he was studying for the ministry and I know I looked at him like he was crazy. Did he really think I'd swallow the idea ministers were above theft? I realized I was never going to get that money back and any further inquiry was a waste. From then on, I deposited my tips in the ATM after each shift only keeping a few dollars pocket change for snacks. 

When I came into the dorm room, the overhead light was off. The bathroom light served as a night light. I could tell Joe Tom was sleeping from his steady breathing. All I could see of him was the black hair on the back of his head. I felt the frustration of wanting to crawl in his bed and fuck the hell out of his ass. Instead, I took a shower. I let the shower beat into the top of my head until I felt the tension begin to leave me, then I began to slowly jack off my cock with sudsy shampoo. It felt so good to fuck my dick into the warmth my hand. I closed my eyes and stood there fucking my hand rhythmically until suddenly my balls pulled tight and I felt the pulsing cum flow hot into the palm of my hand. Still, I stood there and let the water flow over my body. I felt a breeze and heard bathroom door close quietly. Had Joe Tom caught me masturbating twice in one day? I dried off and walked naked into the bedroom. Looking over at Joe Tom I could see he was no longer under his covers and was now on his back with his eyes closed – seemingly asleep. He was dressed in light blue long pajamas and looked so perfect.

I walked to my bed and picked up my fresh underwear. Joe Tom might wear pajamas but I only wore them when I went visiting to someone's house and it would be rude to walk around in underwear. I'd never had to share a bedroom with anyone else until I started college. Having my own bedroom I'd just slept in my underwear. Randy also had slept in his underwear. Looking at Joe Tom in his pajamas I knew I wasn't going to wear pajamas because he did. He'd just have to look at my ugly hairy male body in underwear.

The next morning I got up at 6:00 AM and took a shower. Joe Tom came into the bathroom and peed as I was drying off.

"Morning, Marc," he yawned. "I didn't hear you come to bed last night. I was exhausted from the stress."

"Yesterday was stressful for you, Joe Tom?" I asked sarcastically. "What happened? Did you lose your notebook?"

Joe Tom looked more serious than I expected. 

"Goddamn right, it was stressful, Marc! I feel like I've enrolled in a mental asylum, not a college. My teachers are ALL assholes except the coach and he doesn't want to be bothered. Without you here, I'd go postal!" 

He stormed out of the bathroom with his cock still hanging out of his pajamas. Naked and drying off with my towel, I followed him into the bedroom. He stripped off his pajamas and underwear, throwing them into the wall like guided missiles. He stormed into the bathroom and slammed the door with a deafening bang. Thank God the door was steel in a steel frame set in cement! The shower started and I heard him cursing. I walked to the door to listen for him jacking off but was stunned to hear him crying. Had I not been listening at the door I'd have never heard his tears.

I wanted to go in and comfort him but I knew better. Men cry in the shower for privacy and not to be comforted. The last time I cried in the shower was when I overheard my Dad sobbing in the shower after the courts ruled that he was financially responsible for the building failure and we lost our house. I'd never heard Dad cry and I was scared. But later that night Dad acted as if nothing had happened. It's the way men handle grief. I'd never seen Joe Tom show the slightest sign of emotional weakness and I wondered what really was going on in his life.

Joe Tom came out of the shower, quiet and withdrawn. He was as beautiful as ever and looked like a naked Adonis. He bent over to pull on his boxers and flashed me his tiny pink asshole surrounded by thick black hairs. I realized he'd spoken and I hadn't responded. He slapped the side of my head and giggled.

"Hey, moron, are you in there? Are you going just stare at me getting dressed or are you going to come back to Earth and talk to me?"

I looked into his merry eyes and he seemed like the same old Joe Tom. Whatever had occurred, he must have resolved it in his shower crying session.

"Sorry, man," I replied. "I was just thinking about my classes this morning and wondering if I want to brave the dragon and skip chapel today. I've got a physics lab today and it's a real bitch."

"Fuck that, dude! Today is my FIRST motherfucking chapel and if you don't go with me then I'm skipping, too. After yesterday, if I skip chapel, I'll probably get kicked out, particularly since I seem to be pissing off loads of people." Joe Tom laughed bitterly.

I grabbed up my 8:00 AM textbook and papers.

"Let's go, Joe Tom. Time for breakfast and of course I'll go to chapel with you. We just need to arrange to meet somewhere before we get there because it's a shit storm with people pouring in to take all the seats. If we go in separately we'll never be able to sit together."

"Fine," he replied. "You tell me where we're to meet and remember that I don't even know where in the fucking hell the chapel's located."

I laughed. "It's in the main auditorium on the second floor of the administration building. You'd know where if you'd attended orientation."

"Is that the building where the registrar's office is located?" he asked.

"The same." So you met the registrar, did you?"

"O, yeah," he moaned. "I met the bull dyke cunt. I almost went across the counter and beat the shit out of her."

My laughter rang across the lawn. "You met Sherry Powell, all right. She has that affect on everyone who meets her. It's like she's permanently on the rag. I stay away from her office so I don't kill her."

Joe Tom smiled. "Not YOU, sweetheart. I can't imagine you ever being angry enough to kill someone."

He was joking around again and seemed like his old self. We got the same breakfast and sat at the same window table. There were only a few people in the dining room.

"What's up with the vacant dining room, dude? I bathe. I know it is not because my feet stink that no one's here. Yesterday there were loads of people in and out of here." Joe Tom looked around the dining room.

"On chapel morning, the Bible classes have a prayer breakfast in the chapel by the lake sponsored by local Baptist churches. I was dragged to one and I've never been back. The only thing I can say about it is the food was really good."

Joe Tom grinned. "I could use a decent breakfast. You sure you don't want to go just for the food?"

I laughed. "Knock yourself out. I'll meet you for chapel."

"That bad, huh?"

"The morning I went some man fell out on the ground jerking like he was having an epileptic seizure and started speaking in tongues. Randy and I had a huge fight because I refused to go again but the college only requires ministerial students to attend the prayer breakfasts. Never again, my man, never again."

Joe Tom giggled. "I wonder how they'd take to a Jew attending. I've never heard anyone speak in tongues. LaShaka, one of the guys on the Albany High football team was Pentecostal and he used to talk about all the stuff that goes on in their churches." He threw his head back and laughed. "I swear, during the time we were in school LaShaka got nine girls pregnant, the first when we were in the sixth grade. I didn't fuck my first girl until I was in the ninth grade."

"Sixth grade?!" 

I guess I was too loud. People stared at me.

He snickered. "You Yankee boys are so, what's the word..., repressed."

I gave him an eat shit look.

"Not repressed. Just not like barnyard animals."

He laughed. "I take it you're still a virgin?"

"Go to hell. I screwed my first girl in eighth grade."

Joe Tom busted up laughing. "Don't even try it, dude! You're lying. You'd need photographs and a notarized statement for me to believe it!"

I was caught up in his laughter. "Believe what you choose, Tommy boy. I'm not one to kiss and tell. I just was giving you a bit of information for comparative purposes."

Joe Tom totally lost it laughing. The few people who were in the dining room turned to look at us and they smiled, too. I could see the looks in their eyes as they admired the beauty of this gorgeous creature that was Joe Tom. Guys like him walk through the world with people fawning at their feet. They just accept it as their due.

I grabbed my tray. "Let's go to class, sport, before people here start thinking you're on drugs or something." I couldn't help giggling at him.

We went to class.

After class we met for chapel services. As usual, the front and back rows were already full. We sat in a middle pew. Suddenly, the organist and pianist began to play together and a pastor instructed us to open our hymnal to 'He Lives'. People began to sing lustily and happily. I had to look away from Joe Tom to avoid breaking out in giggles. He was totally lost.

After a couple of songs, the pastor – who was also a Bible instructor at the college – began his sermon on the evils tempting the students at the college. It was the usual litany of drink, drugs, sex, stealing, cheating, and then he set in on homosexuality. Two male students had been expelled the previous day after being caught in the library bathroom sucking cock through a glory hole. The pastor could barely convey how horrified he was such a shameful thing could happen and assured us the hole in the bathroom partition had already been fixed and the repair costs billed to the parents of the two students. I could see Joe Tom shaking with silent laughter beside me. The girl on the other side of him gave us a dirty look and Joe Tom started coughing and raced out of the chapel. I stayed until the service ended. As we left, we filed past the tables where a group of students maintained a series of sign in sheets. You couldn't sign in until chapel service ended but I noticed Joe Tom's signature was already on his sheet. The girl guarding his alphabet section's sheet was cute. I could well imagine she was enthralled by Joe Tom and signed his name for him. I looked down the row of tables and saw Rebecca Knowles. Good thing he'd not been forced to deal with her or he'd have been charged as a non-attendee for certain.

As I walked out of the building I heard a whistle, the same whistle we used to signal each other on the football field. Joe Tom was sitting on a bench under a huge oak tree in the front park. The closer I got to him, the harder he laughed. 

"I thought I was gonna piss my pants when that dude said they were charging the parents for the hole in the bathroom wall." Joe Tom laughed hysterically. "Can't you just imagine those two guys going into the library with a drill to cut a hole so they can suck dicks? Is administration here fucking crazy or what? You know someone else cut that hole out long before them. If I wanted to suck your dick I'd just take you back to my room. I goddamned for sure wouldn't tote a drill around to cut holes in bathroom partitions. This place is fucking insane."

We sat and laughed for about half an hour and discussed our class schedules and my work schedule. It turned out we could have breakfast, lunch, and dinner together every day except my work days when I had dinner at Lecky's while I worked. We were actually participating in the same sports and Joe Tom was joining our basketball team that day. He'd be playing baseball with us in the spring. He wanted to know the nights I went to the gym to work out so he could join me.

"Man, it's nice to figure out our schedules together and to know I'll have a buddy to spend part of my day with. And then we get to sleep together at night and talk over the day," Joe Tom said.

"Sleep with?" I raised my eyebrows. "I'll have you know you gotta buy me a few dinners and show me some respect before I sleep with you."

Joe Tom slapped me on the side of the head. "Keep wishing, dick wad. I'm sure that's your dream - to sleep with me."

I snorted. "Exactly whose dream is this? That sounded like a Freudian slip to me, Einstein. My virtue's not that cheap."

Joe Tom started laughing. "Virtue, did you say virtue? This from a moron who claims he screwed his first girl in the eighth grade? You probably fall in bed with anyone who pinches your ass."

"Oh, you think so, do you? Well, try pinching my ass and see what it gets you, Sherlock. Instead of a nice fuck you'll be seeing the school nurse about your broken nose."

I looked up to see the dean of students' secretary, Mary Taliaferro, coming across the park lawn, waving at us and calling to me.

"Don't look now, bad boy," I said, "but I think Rebecca Knowles has come home to roost."

Joe Tom stopped laughing and joking around immediately. He watched Mary coming toward us.

"Dean Wilson wants to see you two students," she said imperiously.

"Now?" I asked. "We both have classes beginning in fifteen minutes."

"I don't mean tomorrow," she snapped. "I mean NOW, as in get your stuff and follow me to his office."

"What for?" I asked.

"You'll find out soon enough," she barked.

"Well, I certainly hope he's planning to write excuses for missing class. I don't know about Aronoff's class but Dr. Mills expects me to participate in a physics lab today. I'm not taking a zero so I can entertain the dean."

Mary shot me a poisonous look and we walked in Dean Wilson's office. He was sitting behind his desk, pretending to read some document. He made us wait a couple of minutes before speaking.

"I'm sure you know why you've been called into my office," he said, looking at Joe Tom.

"I don't have a clue," Joe Tom said. "This is only my third day here but everyone's been so welcoming. I appreciate your personal attention. You're the first to offer a welcome to campus visit."

I nearly lost it. Joe Tom was mocking him but only I knew it for certain. Dean Wilson looked at Joe Tom suspiciously but he couldn't prove anything.

"I only wish it was a social visit, Mr. Aronoff," he said. "Unfortunately it has to do with your failure to follow established rules and regulations on campus."

"Which rules are you referring to, Dean?" Joe Tom asked. "If I've broken one, it has to be something I'm unaware of because I never knowingly break rules and regulations."

Joe Tom was smiling from ear to ear. I sat there waiting for the explosion.

"Mr. Aronoff, I've been told of your use of excessive vulgarity on the way to breakfast yesterday. This is a serious warning. We will not tolerate such language, particularly in front of Christian women."

Joe Tom looked confused. "I'm baffled, Dean Wilson. I'm not prone to vulgarity and I'm certain I would remember cursing in front of a lady. My parents taught me better."

Wilson was aggravated. "Don't toy with me, Aronoff. I have it on good authority you used extremely vulgar language in front of a Christian woman as you were about to enter the student center yesterday morning and this event is going on your permanent record!"

Joe Tom sat upright and assumed an air of outraged indignation.

"That's a vile lie, Dean, and I'm sick of being persecuted because I'm a Jew!"

Wilson's face crumpled a bit.

I decided to jump into the fray. "Aronoff is telling the truth, sir, I swear it! I was with him all the way from our room to the dining hall. He didn't curse in front of anyone – let alone a Christian woman. You've been told a lie and we're entitled to either confront our accuser or you need to drop this matter right now."

The dean gave me a dirty look. "Was I speaking to you, Taylor? I don't think I was. When I want your opinion, I'll rattle your head. And this is not a court of law."

Joe Tom snorted. "What kind of place is this? You think you can falsely accuse me on some trumped up rule violation and I'm going to just roll over and take it? This is not Germany in the 1930's. Jews don't line up in front of mass graves and wait to be shot in the head anymore! Do I need to call a lawyer?"

Dean Wilson clearly was shaken but was not ready to drop the matter.

"Rebecca Knowles is your accuser and she's the daughter of the minister of a Baptist Church in Savannah, Georgia. She has demonstrated sterling character."

I laughed derisively. "REBECCA KNOWLES??? If you think she has impeccable character she's really deluded you, Dean, or maybe you're just not as perceptive as you think you are."

"Who's Rebecca Knowles?" Joe Tom asked. "I've only been here three days and I've met a lot of people but no one by that name." He looked innocent.

Dean Wilson shot me a freezing look. "Young man, I'll have you know Rebecca's church is paying her tuition here based upon her good works in Savannah. She's donated her time at various charities since she was eight years old. With what evidence would dare to slander her good name?"

Again I laughed nastily and spoke harshly. "More evidence than you've got against Aronoff here. Rebecca Knowles is a liar, she cheats in class, and she's the biggest whore on this campus. She's better known as Rebel Ho. I guess when you look like a 300 pound sack of lumpy potatoes you have to give it away to get any from a guy."

The Dean slapped his hand on his desk. "You will substantiate that statement, Taylor, or I'll have you thrown out of this institution today!"

Joe Tom giggled. "Marc, is Rebecca Knowles that fat tramp that pawed me over on the way to breakfast yesterday? Is THAT who Rebecca Knowles is?"

"That's Rebecca Knowles, Joe Tom. You see what happened. I told you if you didn't take her up on her sex offer she'd get revenge. You shouldn't have laughed at her and asked her how much she'd pay you for a good time in bed."

Joe Tom was giggling like a maniac. "Dude, that fat ugly girl would have to put a sack on her head and even then I'd only do her in the dark for ten thousand dollars cash advance."

Dean Wilson's face paled slightly right in front of us. He looked a little green around the gills and I decided to take advantage of it.

"We'd like to confront our accuser, Dean. I want her to try to deny she grabbed Joe Tom's dick through his pants. She said she had a hot pussy for him to put it in. Excuse me, I mean penis and vagina, Dean. I really apologize. I just got so caught in our defense that I just repeated exactly what Rebel Ho said." 

I put my hand over my eyes and lowered my head as if truly embarrassed. "She's a real piece of work, Dean. I was in chemistry class with her during the fall semester and I saw the girl cheating on exams more than once. It caught her in the end, though. She tried to cheat on her lab experiment and it backfired on her. She got a zero for her screw up and she flunked the class."

Dean Wilson looked distressed. I could tell he wished he'd closed his office door for privacy.

"You know how PK's are, sir," Joe Tom said. "Preacher's kids are known trouble makers. I usually run as fast as I can in the other direction the instant I find out someone's a PK. They cause the trouble and everyone else pays for it."
