 I was off work that weekend. The ER doctor insisted I needed some rest. Lecky agreed. He thought the restaurant and I both could use a few days to let the dust settle. A lot of gossip and innuendo was going around about the dust up Joe Tom and I had with Rebecca Knowles. I needed the money but I was happy to just vegetate until Monday even though I felt perfectly fine.

On Monday I went to classes as usual. A lot of giggling, finger pointing, and gossip but the day went okay. It's amazing how quickly scandals pass on. As the maxim goes, today's newspaper wraps tomorrow's fish. A bit dated as a rule of thumb but the idea will never change. I got back to the dorm room around five o'clock on Monday after basketball practice and opened the door to see Joe Tom grinning like a Cheshire cat.

"Ta,da!!!"

His arm swept back like he was introducing the pope. Behind him was a VCR/DVD machine. He'd done as he said he'd do. I could only figure that he'd also brought his porn stash. As if reading my thoughts Joe Tom flashed another smirking grin and pointed out the small metal trunk slid under his bed. I knew from his smile in it was his porn.

"Good God, Joe Tom! We'll need room deodorizer to cover up the cum smell from all your jacking off."

We laughed together. This could be fun. I felt my dick swell thinking of him jacking off that big dick.

"Dude, you look like hell from practice. Go take a shower. I'll set up a flick for us to watch."

I took a quick shower and debated jacking off in the bathroom to help me to control myself in case the video got too hot. I didn't want to blow my load in front of Joe Tom. No telling how he might respond. I came out in my towel. He was sitting on the couch wearing only his gym shorts and looked incredibly sexy with tousled hair and his hairy body.

"Sit down, dude. This shit is fucking hot!"

I sat on the couch beside him and the television screen suddenly showed a woman getting her pussy fucked by a muscle man with a big dick. She was on her knees and he was fucking her from behind. The volume was low but we could still hear her moaning and his grunts. Her tits swung freely with each slap of his dick into her. He turned her over and spread her legs wide. She had a shaved pussy and it was wide open. He put his face in it and we could see the close up angle as he licked and fucked it with his tongue. It wasn't long before the woman ejaculated pussy juice onto the man's face.

"Goddamn, man that is so fucking hot. I love that part. To see her pussy squirt."

Joe Tom swallowed hard and I could see his face was getting flushed. I looked at his crotch. His cock was hard and pressed against his shorts. It was obvious he was naked underneath them. I wanted him to strip naked and let me suck it but I choked my emotion back.

The next segment of the video began. Two guys were fucking one girl. One had his cock in her ass, the other in her pussy. Joe Tom arched his back and I watched his toes curl. He sucked his breath in hard.

"Shit, dude," he whispered. "I wonder if those guys can feel each others' cock in her body. They're so close together."

I adjusted my dick under my towel. We'd only been watching for about half an hour but I was ready to blow my wad. I caught Joe Tom looking over at me as I loosened the towel to free my dick. The towel just lay over it but my dick was free from restraint now. We looked each other in the eyes and then he put his hand in his shorts. He jacked himself slowly.

The next video segment began. Three men were in bed with one girl. One was fucking her. She was sucking the dicks of the other two guys. It was intense for me to see two dicks at her mouth bumping into each other, pressing against each other as she tried to mouth both at once. The camera angled up to show the two men kissing each other passionately as their dicks were sucked. I heard Joe Tom make a low moan and looked over. He'd taken his hand out of his shorts and was playing with his nipples.

On the video one of the two guys getting sucked moved behind the man fucking the woman. He knelt and opened the man's buttocks, then started licking and kissing his asshole. I was near orgasm and forced myself to look away. I was not going to blow my load in front of Joe Tom unless he ejaculated first. He'd pulled his legs up so his knees were at his chin and his feet on the couch at his ass. I couldn't see his crotch. I could tell from the movement of his arm he was playing with his dick.

The man rimming the other guy's ass stood up and pushed his cock in the man's asshole. With each stroke the man made fucking the woman's pussy, his asshole pushed back onto the other man's cock. He was now sucking the third man's cock as he fucked the woman.

"Fucking hell, man. I can't take it anymore."

Joe Tom stood up and went into the bathroom. He left the door ajar and I could hear him as he masturbated. There was a slapping sound as his hand slid up and down and he made no effort to hide his moans. There was a sudden couple of hard grunts and I knew he'd shot his load. My dick was about to explode. I leaned back into the couch and grabbed my dick, pulling on it, sliding the foreskin up and down, and finishing myself off. Joe Tom walked past me to his bed. He looked down at me just as my cum shot all over my chest and stomach. I looked into his eyes as I blew my load.

He grinned. "Hot fucking stuff, huh? Our dicks will never be the same."

He walked over to his bed and bounced into it naked, pulling a blanket over him. I cleaned myself up with my towel and shut the TV off with the remote, then went to bed, naked like Joe Tom. A few minutes later Joe Tom spoke softly.

"That was so fucking hot, dude. I needed that real bad. Good night."

"Yeah, good night and thanks for bringing the DVD player."

"And the porn," Joe Tom giggled.

We got into the habit of watching porn at night before going to bed. It was always the same. Joe Tom would go to the bathroom to jerk off and I'd finish in the room. We never talked about it but each of us knew the other was masturbating. I kept waiting for a repeat performance of Joe Tom masturbating for me in his bed in the middle of the night but it didn't come. Or I didn't wake up to see it.

Then one night about a week later it changed. We were watching fuck flicks that seemed to send Joe Tom over the edge. A woman had a huge dildo strapped on and was fucking a man in the ass. He was screaming for her to fuck him harder. I looked over at Joe Tom and his eyes seemed glazed with passion. It was as if I was not in the room and my eyes devoured his sexy body. That night he was wearing only a jock strap. I could clearly see his hard cock through the loose mesh, his balls, and his hairy pubes. I watched as he used his thumb to press the head of his circumcised cock. I was dressed in gym shorts and tee shirt. I still was wary of appearing completely naked in front of him while I was erect and near orgasm. Joe Tom grabbed his cock through his jock and squeezed it. He looked at me directly in my eyes for several moments as he pumped at his cock.

"Look, what are we doing here, dude?" he whispered.

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, I want to jack off and cum all over myself while I watch this guy get his ass fucked by this sexy woman."

He was speaking in a low husky voice.

"That's fine, man. I can go in the bathroom and give you some privacy."

I started to stand and Joe Tom grabbed my arm, pulling me back to the couch and closer to him. He laughed softly.

"No, fuck wad! What I mean is why should either of us leave the room to jack off? Would it really be so offensive or embarrassing to either one of us if we jacked off sitting here together on this couch watching this porn? You know I'm jacking off in the bathroom. I know you're jacking off on the couch. We both know it. We both know what it looks like. We've both seen the other with hard ons and we've both seen the other shoot his load."

I looked at him. He was still grasping my arm in his hot hand.

"I really don't care anymore if you watch me jack off. Does it matter to you if I see you jack off?" he whispered.

I stripped naked in front of him and grabbed my cock. I started to slide the foreskin back and forth.

"Does this answer your question?" I asked softly.

He smiled and slid the jock strap off. His cock got caught in the elastic and slapped back against his stomach with a loud slap. He grabbed his cock in his hand and started to jack.

"Oh yeah," he whispered. "This is so right."

We were no longer watching the porn flick. We were watching each other masturbate, looking at each other touch our cock, and looking deep into each others' eyes.

Joe Tom slid further down onto the couch and spread his legs so that one leg touched mine. I could feel the fire from his body. He began to rock, gently fucking his hand with his cock. His motion intensified my own erection and I started pumping up and down on my dick. As I jacked my dick, I used my other hand to pinch my nipples and to tease my chest and abdomen. I pulled my fingers through my curly pube forest.

"Unnnnhhhhhhh, Unnnnhhhhhhh, Unnnnhhhhhhh, Unnnnhhhhhhh, oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck, shhhhhiiiiiittttt!" Joe Tom yelled as his cum shot out of the tiny slit in his penis.

Joe Tom arched his body, leaning toward me and some of his cum landed on me. It was hot and the fire of it ignited my own ejaculation. I shot my load in a flash, taking care to emulate him. I leaned into Joe Tom and some of my cum landed on him. We collapsed together and sat quiet for several minutes.

"Whew! That was fucking fantastic, dude. I don't when I've shot such a fucking load."

Joe Tom rubbed the cum all over his chest. He stood up and walked toward the bathroom, his flaccid cock bouncing, his ass a thing of beauty. I was disappointed he didn't want more but I knew it would come. Yes, it would cum.

The next morning, Joe Tom and I again met Archie and Lester for breakfast at the student center.

"We're driving to the basketball game in LaGrange. You guys wanna go with us?" Lester asked.

"I'm sure there's room on the bus with the team if you'd like," I offered.

"Nah, Archie and I are gonna get a room in a motel along the way and have a party."

Lester gave us a leering smirk. I could well imagine what his party would be. Beer, vodka, whiskey, marijuana, tits, pussy, fucking. The usual Lester party he was always bragging about.

"I don't know, guys. I'm not too keen on getting put in jail in a little town in the middle of nowhere in Georgia." I replied.

"Awwwwww, don't be such a pussy, Marc! It's gonna be a Friday night. Nobody's gonna give a shit it we're here on Saturday morning. For all they know, we might have gone home for the weekend" Lester taunted in a low voice.

"Better yet, Marc, it'd be great if you had a pussy. Something else for the rest of us to fuck all night with the rest of the girls," Archie giggled.

Joe Tom raised an eyebrow at me.

"Could be fun, Taylor. Lighten up, dude."

And that's how two nights later, Joe Tom and I pulled into a little motel on the interstate about thirty minutes out of Atlanta. Joe Tom was chosen as the patsy to go rent the room. He was still in his SBNG basketball uniform, sweaty and tired from a victorious game. The story he used was the four of us were on the way back to the college but were just too tired to continue driving. We wanted two adjoining rooms for the night because we'd feel safer that way. No adjoining rooms were available but the rooms all had two king sized beds and were roomy. The little old lady who rented the room to us assured us we would be safe.

Minutes later we were in the room, booze, drugs, but no girls.

"Lester, you really blew it with the girls for this party!" Joe Tom laughed. "What are we supposed to do all night? Sit around and jack off?"

"Oh, don't worry, dude," Archie snickered. "When Lester gets high enough, he'll suck all of us off. Won't you, Lester?"

Lester shot a bird at Archie. "After you lick my ass, dude."

As soon as we got in the room, Lester closed the curtains and started rolling the marijuana joints. Archie poured us all some whiskey and we drank a glass.

"Goddamn, this is fucking good stuff," Joe Tom grinned.

"Nothing beats Johnnie Walker, man, nothing in this fucking world," giggled Archie.

"Unless it's Acapulco Gold," Lester laughed.

"Where do you get all this shit, Lester?" I asked. "We've just turned eighteen, man. Anybody who sold to you could go to jail for this."

Lester sneered. "Let's just say I have my sources. One hand washes the other kinda thing."

"Must be a damn good source," Joe Tom laughed. "You've got enough booze and shit here for the party we are not having."

"Yeah, well, Linda Preston and Cheryl Atkinson must have got waylaid. They were supposed to meet us at the game."

"Two whores Lester that knows who go to Brenau College and live in Newnan," Archie explained.

"Fucking hell," Lester whined. "Cheryl has the best pussy I've ever tasted, the goddamned best."

"It's the cherry juice she rubs in her pussy before she fucks. I keep telling you that, Lester!"

And Archie slapped Lester's head playfully just as Lester grasped his hard dick through his jeans and rubbed it. It was clear he was fully erect.

"Guys, I'm gonna go take a shower," Joe Tom said. "I stink."

"Yeah, you do," Archie giggled.

We were all a bit high by now. We listened to Joe Tom as he showered while we smoked pot. Then he appeared in the bedroom completely naked.

"Motherfuck! Where'd you get that goddamn donkey dick from, man?" Lester whistled.

Joe Tom grinned and swung his hips, causing his dick to swing back and forth. It was already hard and standing at attention.

"Like it, huh?" he grinned.

"I'm next in the shower," Archie piped up.

"Me after you," I said. "Don't use all the goddamn hot water!"

In minutes Archie was back with us, naked like Joe Tom. I stared. Archie was about 5'7" and built like a gymnast with auburn hair. His body was smooth except for his pits, lower legs, and pubes. And that's what caught my attention. The hair on his head was a darker red, more auburn, but his body hair was fiery red and reminded me of Carl in Brooklyn. Sometimes I regretted not giving in to Carl's begging and just going to bed with him. I pulled myself together but not before Archie caught me looking. He just flashed me a sexy grin and waggled his cock for me. His cock was partly erect, circumcised, about six inches long, thin with a narrow pointed glans. The head of his cock was smaller than the width of his stalk. But it was still a beauty that enticed me as I raced to the shower. Seconds later, Lester walked in and pulled his dick out to piss.

"Save me some hot water, dude. I'm not in the mood for a cold shower tonight," he giggled.

The shower curtain was partly open and I glanced out at him. He was already naked. Lester had a smaller penis than I'd imagined. Hard in his jeans, it had seemed larger. His penis hung flaccid in his hand as he held it and the yellow stream of piss flowed into the toilet bowl. I watched him as he pissed. He was always bragging about his huge cock but soft it looked maybe five inches long. His foreskin reached just beyond the crown of his cock as if his doctor had failed to completely remove all the skin when he was circumcised. He had a small amount of hair around his belly button and a small group of dark brown curls above his dick. His ass was smooth and flat. Lester was a skinny guy. He waved his cock at me, causing his piss to shoot onto the floor.

"You like what you see, Taylor?" he whispered and grinned.

He closed the bathroom door. I looked at him startled. He quickly stepped into the shower and pushed me back against the wall. He leaned in and licked my neck up to my ear and nibbled on my lobe. He was obviously drunk and high as a kite. I was taken aback but before I could react, he astonished me with his next remark.

"You think Joe Tom would let me fuck him in the ass tonight?" he whispered in my ear.

I pushed him away from me and he grinned at me.

"Or is his ass your property only?"

"You're drunk, Lester! Don't be a goddamned idiot!"

I started to get out of the shower and he grabbed my arm.

"Chill out, Marc baby. You think I don't know you like dick? You think I don't know Joe Tom likes dick and is a bottom?"

He was whispering to me and I was mesmerized by what he was saying. I had a horrible thought, one that he brought the thought to fruition in the next instant. He smiled at me and I looked in his eyes. Lester Harper wasn't drunk after all and I doubted he was very high. This had all been his plan.

"That was my dick you sucked in that glory hole in that adult bookstore off I-75 in Atlanta back in November. And then I sucked yours. So don't go getting all virginal on me here, sweetheart."

As if it I was Pavlov's dog, I glanced down at Lester's cock. It was fully engorged now and was at least eight inches, thick with a big purple vein running down the top of it and with a smooth mushroom knob, the kind I've always drooled at. In that instant I recognized it. He had a small brown birthmark at the base of his cock. I'd sucked it. I'd loved sucking it. He'd shot an endless stream of cum into my mouth and I could hear him moaning on the other side of the wall between us. Fuck. Probably everyone in the goddamned adult bookstore had heard his moans. He kissed my shoulder.

"I see you remember it," he snickered.

I looked in his eyes.

"I for goddamn sure remember yours. That fucking mule cock of yours. You don't know how many times I've wanted to let you know it was me in the glory hole. How many times I've wanted to slip in your bed at night and fuck you. I just never could. Of course, I've always had Archie's beautiful ass to fuck."

I pulled back. So Archie was in on this. I'd wondered his part or if he even had a part. In my heart I knew he was in it. Archie is far more debauched than Lester. Lester shook my shoulders gently.

"So. Do you think I can fuck Joe Tom or not? Or is his pussy your private property?"

I was too shaken to lie or engage in subterfuge.

"I've never had sex with him," I said and looked away.

Lester giggled. "But you've been dying to. You've been jacking off dreaming about it!" He laughed aloud. "No need to lie, Marc Taylor. I can see it in your goddamned eyes."

I flushed with shame. Lester was such a prick, but a fun loving little South Georgia sex maniac kind of prick. There was no way not to like him or be attracted to him, to enjoy his company. He kissed me on my nose.

"Chill out, Taylor. We'll just play it by ear. I'm sure Archie is out there waggling his ass for Joe Tom as we speak. Archie is such a man whore. But we'll just see how it goes. If Joe Tom's not interested, we'll just let it go. Smoke some more dope and go to sleep."

He gave me the soap and a cloth.

"Wash my back for me, sweetheart?" he grinned.

I started to get out of the shower and he grabbed my dick. It was already hard as a rock.

"This says you're not going anywhere, babe. Come on. Be sweet to your suck buddy Lester. Wash me."

I looked at his puppy dog mischievous eyes and had to laugh.

"Fuck you."

"That's what I'm hoping, baby," he laughed.

I took the soap and washed his back. He was slender but all muscle. As I caressed his back with the soapy cloth, I could see just what a muscle man he was. I knew he could easily bench press two hundred pounds for twenty reps. I'd seen him do it plenty of times. Yet he was not the big Mr. Universe muscle guy. Just a slender ball of fire.

"Don't stop now, man!" he moaned. "Wash my asshole. After all, you might be fucking it in a little while."

He looked back at me and grinned. He'd leaned forward against the shower wall, opening his buttocks for me. My hand was still soapy and I pushed my middle finger in his asshole without warning.
