 I think this is a story that stands well enough on its own, though it parallels Rob's story, the main character in the installments of Alexander and Rob, and "Big Man on Campus." It all comes together- stop grinning! - I promise. It is a tale of interracial homosexual attraction, submission, oral and anal penetration and all sorts of fun things. Try it. You might like it. Oh, every character is deemed to be of the age of consent. It is fiction, you know?

*****

I think about William deliberately sometimes, and then sometimes he sneaks up on me from someplace in the dimness of memory, appearing bigger than life as his muscular shadow holds me in a sort of awe. 

The last time he came to me was on a train. I was in Kenya, traveling from Mombasa to Nairobi on the Night Train that runs from the green coast up through the grass plains to the central highlands. I met a man from Kampala on the train at dinner. The times were perilous for him at home, and he had come to Kenya to seek his fortune. 

I was deeply attracted to his dark eyes and full round face. His shoulders were strong under a freshly laundered white formal shirt that contrasted with the ebony of his skin. And the way he spoke the Queen's English, mellow round vowels, teeth as white as Chiclets. 

He was mesmerizing, and kept me both in rapt attention and lost in memory of William, years before. Later, when the dining car shut down, we returned to my sleeping compartment. He could afford only a seat, and we were both happy to have a little privacy that the compartment permitted.

He was very comfortable in his skin, and he made me comfortable in mine, black on white.

The moon was bright, and at one point we could see the white snow-capped summit of Kilimanjaro out the window, and his dark skin and rich tongue drove me quite to distraction. 

The way he was built, though, was the most extraordinary thing. His cock was nearly as long in its resting state as it was when it was hard against me. It just grew thick, perhaps as wide around as three fingers, and he filled me thoroughly and completely.

He had extraordinary stamina, taking me on my back and front, with only short rests between, and he let me worship that extraordinary appendage with my lips, so thin compared to his rich wide sensual ones. The smell of him was so profound that I will never forget it. Musky and rich with his sweat, he pounded me into the white sheets of the bunk. 

My life did not melt into his, so this isn't part of a romance. It is real, though a fleeting encounter in which I felt old memories stir and nearly overwhelm me. We parted at the station in the early morning, and he took with him most of my loose bank-notes. I posted a note on the message tree at the New Stanley Hotel to see if he would ever turn up at the crossroads hotel of East Africa, but I never saw him again. 

I often wonder what happened to him, and if he survived the troubles that were coming to this part of the troubled continent.

How I came to travel extensively in Africa is part of a longer story, and some of it has to do with William, and my search for his family. I'll get to that part, presently, but I'll give you some background and see what you think.

I did not have it easy as a kid, but I don't imagine anyone does. It was hard growing up in the shadow of my father. He was a tough guy, a former pro football player.

Good enough to be a pro, not good enough to be famous beyond the bars in Chicago where men cared about the quality of nearly anonymous offensive linemen.

He made some pretty good money when he was playing, but pro careers are short and brutal. He met my mother when he was flush with cash, and he was fit and he had knees that were not crippled by arthritis and crushing twisting injuries.

To the day he died, he had that bull neck and Mike Ditka-style crewcut. Old school, that was my Dad, and that was why I think he always had a problem with me.

I take after Mom. It must have humiliated him, and the line of husky Scandinavian farmers that were in his line.

If they are in mine, I don't know where they are hiding. Mom was a beauty from the near South Side of the city. Her family was middle-class, but barely, and I think part of her general insecurity came from that.

They both were that way, insecure. Dad had lived above his means when he was playing, and when it stopped and he had to get a real job, I think he was never comfortable that the cheering had stopped.

He tried to toughen me up when I was little. He would throw the ball with me, all kinds of balls. Footballs and baseballs, but it just didn't work. I was a scrawny little thing, built with Mom's willowy frame.

I preferred to read a book, since I could be anywhere in a book, and not have to feel like I was forced to be some place, or something that I wasn't.

Dad was a good man, even if prone to fits of depression, and I loved him, even if I was a bit of a Mamma's boy. She was everything any boy could want: sympathetic, warm, loving and generous. Dad worked long hours, and being shy by nature, I spent a lot of time with her. She taught me how to cook, and we would talk all the time while rolling out dough, or chopping vegetables. She told me what it was like growing up close to the mean streets, if not on them, and how the kids survived in the Big City. 

She also took me into her memories about what it was like to be a girl changing to a woman, and what it was like to look at things in a completely different way than my Dad did.

I had begun to notice that I was different from the other boys in grade school, but that was OK. I couldn't quite figure it out, and Mom told me it was just because I was a little late blooming. My class was small, and we had all been together since kindergarten. It was at Middle School that things got weird, what with six elementary schools being thrown all together. And there was suddenly the "right thing" to wear, and whatever it was, I didn't have it.

I had corduroy slacks with cuffs, and brown tie shoes, and a gray sweater that buttoned down the front over my paid shirts. That is what started it, since I wore the sweater like a kind of protective armor every day. The older boys teased me about it, and the taunting hurt. My friends from elementary school seemed to fade away from me. They seemed unwilling to be associated with a slight boy who was clearly not cool.

I sat in the bathroom at home one day in high school and tried to take stock of the looming crisis. I was dreading the next day. It was the first Gym class, and I was going to have to change into the goofy blue shorts and t-shirts the school mandated for the boys to wear as uniforms.

That afternoon before the first PE class, I gazed into the mirror, observing the face I knew well enough, but which now seemed odd. Brown mousey hair, bangs hanging down in front. The eyes were good, I thought, deep brown and large on my thin face. A delicate face, with high cheekbones and pale, almost translucent skin. The eyes were definitely my mother's, I thought, the lashes thick on top and bottom. Very expressive eyes, if you care for that sort of thing, and I rolled them at myself in exasperation. 

My teeth were regular and white, another good feature, but my neck was thin, and so were my shoulders.

My drama teacher told me later that my neck was "swan like, and graceful," and that my thin torso and supple hips were those of a dancer. But I hadn't heard those words yet, and I was apprehensive. I was too small and scrawny, I thought. The only thing that wasn't undersized was my dick. 

I had only started to wonder about that part of me when the first hairs began to sprout above it. It was slender, but long. I was circumcised, I knew that and had asked why. My Mother said it was for cleanliness, and all the boy babies were cut that way. 

I did not know what it meant, though I could see the scar on the shaft just below the stolid German helmet that surmounted the pale veined skin.

Mom had ensured that I had read a little pamphlet that explained where babies came from, and about the changes that were coming to my body. She was seemed a little embarrassed, and I was, too, since the kids at school had painted the picture pretty well, in thoroughly lurid and somewhat grotesque detail.

It seemed kind of exciting, but I also could not imagine doing "it" with any of the girls I knew. It seemed easier to look at things the way my Mom had described it, eager suitors pursuing her in a sort of exciting chase. My Dad ignored the whole puberty thing, much the way he ignored me a lot of the time. I figured it was because I was a disappointment to him, and just tried to do well in school to compensate.

From the first week or two of class it seemed like it was going to be a lot of work, but that didn't bother me. 

I played the clarinet, by the way. I liked the way the reed felt in my mouth, and the way I had to wrap my fingers around the thick black instrument to tap the silver keys on its massive shaft.

Don't laugh. I really did like it, and I liked the sound of it.

I was second chair in the orchestra, based on the first audition with Mr. Gray, the music teacher. A lot of kids still played instruments then because their parents made them do it in elementary school because it made them better people or something, and the kids hadn't figured out that they could quit yet.

There was a guy in the music class who looked at me. His name was Rob, and every time I looked around it seemed he was looking at me, checking me out. I don't know why, but it gave me goose bumps.

He had hair combed down over his forehead with a flip at the end, and merry blue eyes, when he wasn't looking at me with that intense soulful look. He was one of the football players and seemed popular. He was sort of like Dad in that respect, and his constant glances made me get all fluttery in the pit of my stomach. I kept getting the feeling that he wanted to talk to me, say something important but he didn't seem to have the nerve. I felt strange about it. Not in a bad way, just strange. 

But when it came time, there was no avoiding the horror of it. The first PE class was coming and there was no getting away from it. There were even grades assigned for our performance and participation, so I had to go. 

I had it third period, ten in the morning. I took a bag with me to school that contained the mandatory items. Sneakers, jockstrap, blue shorts, white t-shirt and combination lock. I walked down to the steps to the boy's locker room and down the steps. Coach Stroud was just inside the door, handing out towels and slips of paper with locker assignments on it. 

"Come on, Come on, guys. Let's go! Get to your lockers, change and in the gym! Chop, chop!"

I could smell old sweat and chlorine from the pool that glittered green through a big portal on the other side of the showers. There was a faint odor of aftershave. Dozens of guys where scrambling to find their lockers and get heir clothes off.

I wondered that my Dad had spent most of his life in this environment, every day, and hurried to the second aisle, hoping to find locker 238 there. It was, and I breathed a sigh of relief. There were arms poking everywhere as shirts came off. 

I opened the locker and hung the lock on the eyelet. I took off my sweater, folded it neatly, and placed it on the shelf. Then came my plaid shirt, which I hung on a hook and then I skinned off my white t-shirt and folded it and put it on top of the sweater. 

It was easy. I got the rest of my clothes off and stepped into the jock-strap without a problem. I kept my eyes on my locker as I adjusted by cock and balls in the close-fitting elastic, marveling at how nice it felt, holding my boy parts all close and tight. I was able to keep my eyes straight ahead as I pulled on the shorts and pulled on the white t-shirt.

Then it was just the white athletic socks and sneakers to pull on and lace up. I had to sit on the bench to tie the shoes, and allowed myself my first glance down the row. 

I guess some of the other guys had the same sort of nerves that I did, and some were still figuring out what to do with the jock-strap. Eddy, the class-clown and bully de jour was wearing his jock over his head. At the end of the row was the only black kid in my grade. His name was William, and he was actually not black, but a real African. 

I don't know why that made a difference, but it did. He father was a representative of his country's state oil business, on assignment in the City for a year. William did not understand American racism the way we did, and he held himself with grave dignity. He also was standing, holding his shorts, and I caught a glimpse of his cock, hanging with authority down his leg.

I thought mine was long, but his seemed to have a life of its own, as he leaned forward to step into the shorts. It swayed like an independent instrument, thick as a snake and black as night. I realized he was uncircumcised, since the skin went all the way to the end, and concealed the prominent helmet that adorned the end of mine.

Perhaps it was the novelty of it that made me stare, but I felt a push in the middle of my back. 

"Yeah, it's true," said Eddie in a horse whisper. "Niggers have huge cocks. Do you like it?"

I turned to face him. He had taken the jock off his head and he was looking at me with a scowl.

"Don't use the word, Eddie."

"Or what, you little queer? You gonna make me stop?"

Coach was shouting "Get moving, Ladies!" and bodies were starting to move down the aisles between the locker rows. I started to move away.

"Let me know when you want to, Little Joe. Fucking pansy!"

I was flustered beyond belief, but thankfully everyone was a little unsettled by the newness of the whole locker room experience. In the gym, Coach made us line up and do a series of calisthenics, side straddle hops and arm reaches and push-ups. Last was sit-ups, and we had to get partners to hold our legs flat to the floor. 

That was a horrifying prospect. Rob, the boy from band was three rows behind me. I wanted to ask him to partner because of the way he had looked at me, but he was too far away. Coach made it easy by saying the boy to the right would hold first, then reverse positions.

We were even-numbered, and that worked out, except for one thing. The boy to my right was William.

I was on the left, and was supposed to go first. Coach told us to get down on our backs. "Assume the position!" were his precise words, though it seemed to me that it could have been interpreted in a couple different ways, one of them really personal. William took up his station at my feet, and gripped my ankles hard with his dark hands. His eyes were impossibly white against his dark skin, and he smiled at me.

I was dumbstruck, even as Coach told us to begin. It was only twenty sit-ups, but they were hard with my arms behind my head. William smiled encouragement, and soon enough it was done. He released me and got down on the floor, stretching out. I got up on my hands and knees and scooted to his feet. 

I grasped his ankles as he had mine, and I felt the strength of his legs as he began to bob up and down. He was powerful enough almost to lift me off the ground with the vigor of his motion, and I had to lean forward to maintain my grip. That brought my face forward, over his knees, and I could see the mound of his thick cock under his shorts, imprisoned in the tight silken sack of his jock. 

I thought of what it had looked like when it was free, and the thought made me a little giddy. I realized I was still hanging on after he had stopped moving. 

"It is OK, Joe. We are done," he said in his round vowels.

I might have blushed, I don't know. 

I think we played basketball, though I was not able to concentrate in the confusion of several rotating teams. I was able to hang back, and presently the hour was mercifully over. Or at least it was almost over. The next major unknown was the shower before dressing and escape to normal classes.

Coach blew his whistle. "OK, Ladies, that was truly horrible. We are going to work on Basketball the rest of this marking period, and if I see some decent progress, some of you might get tapped for the Junior Varsity. But not with the effort I saw today. Now get out of here and shower off. You get the one towel, and put it in the hamper by the door when you leave. You have ten minutes until next period. Now move!"

We shuffled to the locker room door and I got caught with Eddie at the door. "Remember what I said, you little dipshit," he said, sotto vocce. "I'll see you after school and finish what we started."

That was all I needed. I stripped down quickly at the locker, fumbling at the combination. Then, clutching my towel in front of me, I walked to the shower room that was foggy with mist from the hot water and crowded with pink-skinned boys. I kept my gaze down, and realized the towel was going to get soaked if I held on to it. I hung it on a ring near the door with dozens of others, hoping one of them would still be there after I rinsed off. 

I was able to get a sidelong look at several of the cocks on display. Some were little buttons, retracted up against the owner's stomachs. Some were proud and long, like mine, though not many were quite as long, which filled me with a certain pride. There were hairy boys, and boys who had only begun to sprout hair at the base of their shafts. 

I closed my eyes under the thin spray of water, and lathered up a thin film of soap from the little bar that was on the ledge near the faucet. I was hoping to get a glimpse of William again, but I was not lucky, and besides, I was afraid I would attract Eddie's attention again. I had enough on my plate on that account.

I left the shower as soon as I got rinsed off. There had been no shampoo, and my hair stuck out in all directions from the coarse soap. There was a towel available, though not the one I had carried in. I used it to cover myself and managed to scurry quickly back to my locker. There I toweled off quickly, glancing to see if William had returned to the end of the row. 

He had, and he stood nude, completely comfortable in his dark skin, his long penis swinging freely as he bent to pull his clothes out of the locker. His stomach had ripples, and his ass was different than the white kids who surrounded him. His cheeks were more rounded and high up. With that magnificent cock in front, his large sack and prominent balls resting below the tight black curls at the base, he was a perfect vision.

I realized I had looked too long when he caught my eye, and I turned back to my locker and dressed as fast as I could.

I had to pick up my books at my hall locker, and hit the door just as the bell rang to change classes. 

"After school, Joey-boy!" shouted Eddy as I moved quickly down the hall. I hated that kid. 

The rest of the day passed in a haze. I was apprehensive about Eddie and getting home in one piece, and on the other hand, seeing all those boys naked had me quite distracted and a little excited for some reason. I ran the whole scene through my mind at lunch, and in Algebra and English and History. 

As the time got closer to the end of last period I began to panic. What was I going to do if Eddie confronted me? He was going to call me names for sure, humiliating but that was no big deal. But there was threat of physical violence. I wished I had some of my Dad's bulk and muscle, but I didn't. I knew Eddie just wanted an excuse to kick my butt and make himself look big by beating little me. 

After the last bell, I picked up my clarinet case from my locker resignedly and walked slowly to the front door. Sure enough, Eddie and a couple of his buddies were hanging around, down by the edge of school property where the buses turn out on the main road.
