 Dad walked to the kitchen and I followed. He went to the fridge and grabbed a couple of beers. I sat on a stool at the breakfast bar. He opened both and hand me one. He moved to stand at the opposite end of the counter, farthest from me. I didn't want to push him so I waited for him to speak. He took a while. He stood there with his eyes lowered, seemingly collecting his thoughts or maybe debating on whether to tell me at all. I never seen him look so conflicted and at some brief moments, pained. 

"Son, I know you said this before. But I really need to know if you mean it," Dad's voice quivered as he spoke. "Will you really still love me no matter what I have to say? I really can't bear to lose you over this."

"Dad I promise. I'm not going anywhere." I stared straight at his face, willing him to look at me so he could know I wasn't lying to him. Slowly he did. As if steeling himself, he took a deep breath and sat in the stool next to me. Even though he sat straight on, I swiveled my chair toward him. Our knees touched...I hope he doesn't move. 

"You know losing your Mom was hard on all of us. She was such a light and we really were the best of friends. When she was just suddenly gone, I didn't know what to do with myself...or you. Looking at you everyday all I saw was her. A constant reminder that she wasn't here anymore, that you were all that was left of her. I wanted to do the best thing and be there for you but I swear I was so broken I couldn't deal with it. You were just 13, just a boy. Your mom was only gone four months when you asked to go stay with your Aunt Elisa for the summer. I think even Elisa could tell in my voice when I called her that I needed some time alone. And I definitely knew you needed more than I could give you at the time."

"Yeah I remember talking to you about that. Even thought I wanted to go, I was scared to leave you. Did you know that?" 

"I did. You cried really hard the night before I drove you to her place. I hadn't tucked you in since you were eight yet you insisted I put you to bed that night. I felt I owed you that at least. So I just held you and we both ended up falling asleep," Dad smiled at the memory. 

"That was the last time you held me like that."

"I know, JJ. That night I dreamt of your Mom. I could smell her hair...even feel the soft curls tickle my nose. The skin on her back felt like silk. I dreamt I was grinding my um...well you know...on her butt. Then I...I woke up..." he bowed his head clearly ashamed to admit the rest.

I put my hand on his thigh just above his knee, "It's ok Dad. You can tell me the rest."

He took a deep breath and continued, "I woke up and found myself spooned against your back and my hand was rubbing the bare skin under your pajama top. My face was buried in the back of your neck and for a moment I thought it was her. Then looked down. And I was hard. His confession seemed to take so much out of him. He buried his face in his hands and tried to contain the tears that suddenly flowed from his eyes. 

He was so upset, but he seemed determined to get everything out. I got up fast and quickly fixed your PJs top. I swear I've never been so happy you were a hard sleeper as I was that night," he said with an unfunny chuckle.

Dad told me how ashamed he was. He choked up even more. "Dad, it's okay. I'm sure it was just a physical reaction. It could've happened to anyone," I said rubbing my hand up and down his back, trying to calm him. 

"No! You don't get it!" he yelled and pushed my hand away. He looked at me for the first time since sitting down, "I never stopped wanting you!" He got of his seat and started paced the kitchen floor. "When you got back from Elisa's I couldn't stop thinking about you. I had to push you away even more because I couldn't stand what I was feeling and thinking. I couldn't stop it. And I didn't want...I didn't want to do anything bad to you. I couldn't live with myself if I ruined you that way."

"Dad calm down. It's okay. You didn't do anything bad to me. I'm here and I'm fine," I stood in front of him so he would stop moving. I've never seen him so upset before. He was so mad at himself for what he was feeling. 

"How can you be fine JJ, when you own father wants to...wants to..."

"Fuck me?"

His eyes darted to mine and he gasped. He held my gaze for several moments before nodding. "Yes," his answer coming out with the breath he was holding.

For the first time he briefly let me see the hunger he'd concealed for so long. His lip quivered as if he wanted to further berate himself for allowing the slip. He tried to look away from me, but I wouldn't let him. I reached out and took his face in my hand. "Dad, don't look away from me. Please?" I said. I didn't recognize my own voice it was so full of desire. I wouldn't let myself question what I was feeling for my Dad at that moment. I just let myself feel...and it felt so...so right. 

His eyes rose to meet mine. His face flashing so many emotions. Shocked that I was touching him, excitement from my being so close and most definitely desire. Dad wanted this so bad. And I wanted to give him everything he wanted. Everything he needed. My thumb traced his bottom lip, which quivered more at my touch. I pulled his face closer and he took in sharp breath just before I brushed his lips with my own. Tasting just a little. I heard as soft moaned and I barely felt the slight pucker of his mouth. I went in for a little more. I traced his upper lip with my tongue and he opened up for me. As if that tiny lick was the permission he needed to fully participate. 

Fuck it, I'm going for it. I put my arms around his neck dove into his mouth with abandon. I had to taste every part of the warm and wet cavern. I never had anything succulent. He captured my tongue and sucked it and I swear I thought I was going to pass out from a sudden lack of oxygen. My mind suddenly became fully aware of the fact I was kissing the man who gave me my life. The man who I want nothing except to make happy. The man I loved more than anything. 

I sank into his mouth and lost myself in the caress of his hands and strong embrace of his arms. He gripped my waist and pulled me in closer causing our now stiff poles to grind deeper into each other. We both released a muffled whine as a result. I'd never been so turned on from just a kiss in my life. I gripped the back of his head trying to devour him even more. I literally forgot the rest of the world existed. 

When I felt Dad's hand on the bare skin of my back, my breath hitched and I broke our kiss. His eyes shown briefly with panic but I nodded quickly to let him know it was okay. "Just needed a breath," I said and captured his mouth once more. He caressed the span of my back, leaving a trail of heat with each new area he traveled. He sent sensations through me that were so foreign to me it was making my head spin. I moved from his lips partially to get more oxygen but also because I wanted to taste more of him. I left a moist path down his neck and licked his salty flesh. I just couldn't get enough of his flavor. 

"Oh God JJ, that feels incredible. I've wanted this so much. I can't believe you're letting me touch you this way. That you're touching me this way. You don't even seem the least bit freaked out," he chuckled. "Wait a minute," he said pulling away to look at me. "Why aren't you the least bit freaked out?"

I tried to play it off like I was just hiding my shock well, but I never was good at lying to my father. He knew I was bullshitting from the start and demanded I tell him the truth. "Okay Dad, the truth is, I was shocked and completely freaked...when I first found out."

"What do you mean when you first found out?" Dad said pulling himself away from me.

"Dad, please don't be mad at me but it was an accident. I didn't mean to snoop or invade your privacy."

"I think it's time you start talking mister," John Sr. commanded.

I told him what happened when I got home early and thought he was with a woman. "Dad you have to understand, I was walking away when I saw it was just you, but then I heard you call my name and I couldn't help but turn around. When I saw you with the toy and heard you say you wanted me to fuck you I just...I don't know, I just froze. I couldn't look away," I confessed.

"Jesus, I can't believe this! So what'd you do after, sneak back down and pretend to just come home?"

I nodded. "But Dad, listen. I did freak out and I was confused and even scared. But most of all I was turned on like I've never been before. You remember how I dropped the knife and was shaking so bad?" He nodded. "That's why. My cock was like steel. And then you came down and stood right next to me and you were still sweating and you looked amazing. My God Dad, I could still smell the sex on you. I swear I almost fainted because that scent was so good." 

Dad shook his head, "I really didn't want you to find out that way, JJ. What you must've gone through." 

"I told you Dad, I'm a big boy. I got over being freaked out pretty quick. I was even glad I didn't see much of you right after because I wasn't sure I could look at you without giving myself away. It was on my mind so much I started trying to think of ways to get you to talk to me about it. I mean I still thought you may have fantasized about me because you were just lonely." I moved in closer and slipped my arms around his waist. "I'm sorry Dad, please don't be upset with me." I needed him to forgive me. I needed him close. I kissed his cheek and he returned one of his own. Apology accepted. 

One of our stomachs started to growl and we busted out laughing. "Pizza?" Dad suggested. 

"I'm already dialing," I laughed as I grabbed my cell phone to place the order. 

Dad and I sat on the floor in the family room eating pizza, drinking beer and just catching up like friends who haven't seen in years. Actually, it was exactly that. We hadn't shared this much of our lives in so long. For a while we avoided the obvious topic of us, but I had questions. "Dad, would it be a stupid question to ask if you were gay?"

"Not stupid, but I don't know if I could answer yes or no. I mean I still find women attractive. But since I developed feelings toward you, I thought maybe I was bi. I did do a little bit of exploring one night, just to test things out. But I didn't get the same need to be with him again as I feel about needing to be with you now."

I blushed.

"What about you?" Dad asked. "I mean I know I wasn't that attentive, but I don't recall ever seeing you bring a girl around."

"I brought around a few, when I knew you wouldn't be here. I never got serious with anyone though, just hooked up a few times. But that was just because I was too preoccupied with things here to be bothered. Until I saw you that day, I never even thought about another guy that way. I mean you know I'm surrounded by cocks in the shower at school at the time, but it was just like whatever, you know? I don't really know what that means."

"Neither do I Junior."

"So Dad, exactly what did you do when you were 'exploring'?" I asked with a raised eyebrow.

He laughed and cringed from the question I'm sure he was hoping I didn't ask. "Well, I'm not going to go into gory detail, but like I said it was only once. And it was with a friend, Stephen. I've known him since college and he's gay. He was in town for that week for a bunch of meetings or something and he asked me to have dinner with him the day before he was due to leave. I'm sure it was an innocent invite but I actually thought it would be a good opportunity for me to test the waters, so to speak.

"So we had dinner at one of the hotel restaurants, and during I decided to tell him that I thought I might be bi. I told him how over the years, I'd developed a yearning to be with a man but I didn't want to just go out and fuck someone I didn't know. So I just asked Stephen if he would be interested in showing me what it was like to make love to a man."

"Wow, and he just said yes? Just like that?" Please give details, please give details. 

"Pretty much. I mean, Stephen is an awesome guy so I knew I could be totally honest with him without things being weird between us. So we went up to his room and talked for a little while about what I wanted to do and the basic anatomy of gay sex. He said normally he was a top, but didn't mind bottoming for me if I wanted to try it. So we did both. And I kinda found out liked being the bottom more." Now Dad was blushing. So cute.

"Sooo, did you do other things?" I was digging. 

"JJ c'mon, I'm not going to tell you step by step what happened. Just trust me when I say that Stephen was very thorough in his teachings. Telling you all this has me sweating with embarrassment."

"I know Dad, and you're incredibly cute when you blush by the way," I teased. Dad was sitting with his back against the sofa, and I crawled over next to him. "I didn't tell you this before, but I did get off quite a few times thinking about you with your toy," I whispered into his ear. "You looked so incredible hot Dad," I kissed behind it. I licked behind it. 

"JJ, please."

"Please what Dad?"

"Please...stop."

So not the answer I was looking for. I sat back and looked at him...highly confused.

"JJ, I'm not going to lie, I want you more than anything. Just kissing you today was just beyond every dream for me. But I don't want to rush and push this any further...I won't," he reached over and ran his fingers through my dark locks. I leaned in. "Baby boy, I can't even remotely predict what's going to happen next with us. I love you and I want every moment to be special and beautiful...especially for you. So I hope you don't mind if we take things a bit slower."

I couldn't stop the tears that sprang in my eyes. I was so touched. "Oh Dad, I love you too. Of course I don't mind taking things slower. I'd be lying if I said it was going to be easy to keeping my hands off you, but I really appreciate that you want to make our first time special." 

"Who said you had to keep your hands off?" he said pulling me onto his lips. 

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

I don't know how he managed it, but Dad really meant what he said about taking things slow. I guess he developed some serious control after all these years. I, on the other hand, was on the verge of some serious blue balls. For the past three weeks we haven't gone past kissing and a little bit of grinding...ok maybe a lot of grinding. When he felt I was getting too worked up, he literally had to push me off him because I wasn't going to stop pushing otherwise. I've been fighting my body ever since our first kiss. It was like someone turned my hormones to the max and I couldn't do anything to turn them down. It didn't help that the only person I wanted to relieve the tension slept right down the hall from me. 

Dad and I developed a new routine. He no longer rushed to leave before me in the mornings. We'd actually had breakfast together every day. It was a bit weird at first with both of us sitting there with huge smiles on our faces at 7am and it definitely had nothing to do with the fabulous eggs he made. He started texting me at school just to check on me. I'd get such a shit eating grin with each message that my friends started raggin' on me about having some secret girlfriend stashed somewhere.

Having him just be there on a regular made me feel safer and more secure than I had since Mom's passing. I'd gotten so used to being along that I didn't even realize how much I missed having someone talk to at the table. On the weekends he practically wore me out with activities. We went to batting cages, movies and bowling. I felt like we were connected again. 

I did feel confused sometimes when we'd go out. I didn't know if we were together as father and son or as boyfriends. As his son, of course I loved doing all the things we used to do, but there were so many moments when we'd share a heated glance or a touch that, while innocent to the public eye, sent a fuck me signal straight to my cock. I had to catch myself from stealing a kiss or letting my hug linger too long. 

"Dad you do know we don't have to go out and do something every weekend. I'm used to just chillin at home," I said to him after he came into my room yet again and asked me why I wasn't downstairs yet. Today we were going to spend a "relaxing" Sunday at the lake where he used to take me to fish.

"Yeah I know but I feel guilty about the past and I have a lot to make up for."

"Yeah I had a feeling. Listen Dad, I'm not holding any grudges here. There's nothing to feel guilty about." I went over to him and put my arms around his waist. "I forgive you, Dad," I said embracing him tightly.

"Thanks Junior. I guess I knew that already, but it does make me feel a lot better hearing you say it."

"Good because you're wearing me out...and not in the way I've been imagining," I teased.

"Oh really? Well maybe you can share some of your imaginations with me when we're at the lake," Dad said and punctuated his suggestion by taking my lips. 

"Mmmm, you know..." I said between smooches, "...we could always skip the lake."

"We could," Dad whispered. "But I don't wanna waste this weather," he said raising his voice to annoying perk level. "Now hurry, get the food packed up, I gotta find a blanket we can use," he swatted my ass cheek and jogged out of my room. 

"Ugggh, I really am going to die of blue balls," I groaned to myself. 

As ordered I gathered some leftover fried wings, raw veggies and chips for us to snack on. I saw we had some whole strawberries and grapes in the crisper, so I packed those as well. I was hoping to move things on with Dad. Maybe a little seduction in nature with some sexy food items will finally break his resolve. 

Dad knew how bad I wanted to be with him, Lord knows I didn't make a secret out of it. I didn't even try and be quiet anymore while I jacked off. I really did respect his decision, but he was still holding way back on getting more physical with me. He kept saying he didn't want to move too fast but I was starting to believe there was more to it. I mean shit the last three weeks we've been practically dating. I'm a patient man, but fuck; my hand just ain't cutting it no more. Jesus, I sound like some horn dog trying to get his girl to give up the pussy. I laughed out loud at the thought of running lines on my Dad at the lake. Hmm, I wonder if they'd work.

"What's so funny," he said strolling into the kitchen, carrying an old comforter for us to lie on.

"Oh, nothing, just reminiscing. I got beer and water for us to drink does that work for you?"

"Actually I thought I'd enlighten your young pallet with a bottle of Riesling I picked up. So let's trade that for the beer."

"Nice," I said. I grabbed the bottle and placed in the wine bottle pouch inside the picnic backpack and we headed out.The lake was only an hour's drive outside of our subdivision, but you'd swear we were deep in the sticks. It was on a reserve and protected from any commercial development or housing. We parked but instead of going towards the lake, Dad headed into the woods. I just shrugged and followed. 

"Dad I'd really rather not go into Deliverance territory if you don't mind," I said after we'd been walking for about 10 minutes.

"Very funny. Trust me, you'll like where we're going. I actually never stopped coming out here over the years. I pretty much know every inch of this place."

"Well that's good to know, because I did not leave any markers to lead us back."

"None needed baby boy." John Sr. finally came to a stop and started to spread out the blanket. "Yeah, I just needed a quite place to think, so I just started exploring the grounds. Plus I always loved coming out here with you."

I smiled and sat the back backpack on the blanket. I turned and just took in spot he'd chosen for us. It was beautiful. We were surrounded by super tall trees but in the middle was the perfect size area of grass and low leafy weeds for us to spread the queen size comforter. There was just enough sun peeking through the foliage, giving just the right amount of warmth and light. The parking lot had a fair amount of cars, but I didn't hear any people at all. Just the rustling of the leaves from the wind and plenty of birds and bugs. Hopefully we didn't encounter anything bigger. "Dad this place is awesome." 
