 I haven't slept in my own bed since the day Dad and I went to the lake a week ago. Do blow jobs count as making love? That seems like such a stupid question. I think it does. I've been practically worshiping my Dad's cock since my first taste. I swear I'm literally addicted to wrapping my lips around his head and feeling it harden in my mouth. I've seemed to have adapted quickly to accommodating his thickness. My jaws don't even ache anymore. And I'm two inches shy of fitting his whole eight inches down my throat. 

Fuck his whole body is amazing. It's a walking contradiction. His muscles are so firm and rock hard when he flexes, yet when he's holding me, it's the softest place on earth. I think I've developed a hair fetish or something because I can't stop touching the soft pelt on his chest and stomach. I find myself falling asleep at night while running my fingers through it. 

I fingered him the other night. Like for real, not just rubbing my tips around his puckered hole. I was three deep while he was fucking my throat. It was so amazing. I came just from my cock rubbing against his leg. He was pulling my hair, not to cause pain, but because he needed something to hold on to. I didn't mind. I mean it did hurt, but it just added to how hot I already was. He came so hard that night. He passed out like two minutes after he shot a huge load into my mouth. He was snoring before I even finished cleaning his cock with my tongue. 

I'm sitting on the floor in my room thinking how things have changed with us. I never thought this would happen. I just wanted us to be close again. But now...now I love him more than I thought possible. He's really everything to me. I had my head in my hands when Dad walked in. I didn't even hear him come up.

"Hey baby boy," he whispered as he sat next to me by the bed. He immediately put his arms around me and held me tightly.

"Hey Dad," I was tired. My head hurt.

"Wanna tell me about it?" he said, trying to keep his voice free of worry.

"I got my college welcome packet in the mail today."

"And that's got you sad? I thought you were looking forward to school."

"I was. But that was before. Before us," my voice cracked. I was trying to hold it in.

"Oh JJ, that's no reason to be sad. It's not like we're never going to see each other. And trust me, when you get there, you'll meet so many people you'll probably hardly miss your old man," he joked.

I sat up and looked at him, "Dad do you have any idea how I feel about you? I love you."

"I know baby, I love you too," he touched my face.

"No Dad, I'm in love with you." 

"I know baby. I know," he took my lips softly. "My heart is yours John Jr. But I still don't want you to be upset about going away to school. I know we won't see each other every weekend, but it'll be often, I promise."

"I'm just scared. I've never felt like this before."

"Listen, you don't have to hurt yourself thinking about this now. We have some months yet to work things out. Let's get you through graduation next week at least, huh?"

I just nodded and snuggled into his neck. I'm gonna have to steal one his shirts to take with me. I don't think I could sleep without his smell. 

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Graduation day was a mixture of pleasure and pain for me. I was excited to be finished with high school of course but it just seemed like it was just one step closer to my leaving home. Most 18 year olds were dying to leave home but I just didn't want to go anymore. My friends thought I was being a total pussy when I said I was worried about leaving. They didn't know the real reason of course. 

I could hear my dad and Aunt cheering me on as I accepted my diploma. I spotted them and gave a wave as I walked across the stage. I had tears in my eyes as I returned to my seat. 

Dad took us all out to eat after the ceremony to celebrate. Aunt Elisa, her husband and my new little cousin were also in tow. She whispered to me how happy she was that Dad and I and finally found each other gain. If she only knew how much we've found each other, I thought. I could feel my Dad rubbing his leg against mine throughout dinner. I was aching to touch him. I couldn't wait to get him home. 

We said our good-bye's to Aunt Elisa at the restaurant. Since graduation was during the week they had to head back home for work the next day. As soon as Dad and I were in the car, I reached over and palmed his cock. At the first red light, I leaned over and licked and bit his neck. "I'm fucking you so hard when we get home," I whispered in his ear. A breathy whimper was his response. 

The kitchen door barely closed behind us before we attacked each other's lips. The need this time was remarkable. I had to have my cock inside of him tonight. I couldn't wait any longer. Why had I waited this long? "Fuck Dad, I've wanted your lips on mine all fucking day," I said between breaths. 

"You have no idea how close I came to giving them to you." 

Both our jackets were left on the kitchen floor. Our ties at the bottom of the stairs. Our shirts unbutton as we climbed the stairs to Dad's bedroom. Our bedroom. We kicked off our shoes and tossed our shirts...somewhere. Dad reached for his belt buckle, "No Dad, I got that part," I said as I kneeled in front of him. I looked up at him, seeing nothing but lust and love mixed beautifully on his face. 

I opened his fly and pulled his slacks over his ass. He stepped out of them and I reached for the bulge in his boxer briefs. I rubbed my face along his hard shaft. I inhaled his amazing odor. I'll never tire of his scent. My cock pulsed in my own briefs. I could feel myself getting wet. 

"Suck my cock son," Dad commanded. 

I think it turns him on more to call me son while telling me to do something dirty to him. It definitely has that effect on me. I removed his briefs and gave his shaft a few strokes before swallowing it down my throat. "Hmm hmm," I moaned. I couldn't help it. I loved his cock in my mouth. It was so hard, so hot, so mine. I went at his dick with vigor. I made sure not to let him come though. I wanted to be inside him when he came. But I wanted his body turned completely on before I entered him. 

I let go of his cock with a wet plop and stood. Dad went straight to my pants and removed them with the quickness. I turned away from him and crawled on the bed on all fours and waited. I could hear Dad's breath hitch at the sight of my spread ass before him. He licked me from my balls to top of my ass crack. "FUUCK!" I cried out. It felt so got-dammed good.

Dad began to eat my ass as if it was best meal he'd ever tasted. His tongue explored in and out of my hole. I could feel my pucker opening for his little pink muscle, begging it to go in deeper. He reached under and stroked my cock, smearing the precum all over my shaft. My grip was so tight on the bed spread my knuckles were turning white. "Stop stop stop, Dad, I can't take anymore."

"Baby your ass taste so good. I don't wanna stop," he said before diving back onto my hole.

"Oh god Daddy, please! I wanna fuck you! Stop so I can fuck you," I begged. He pulled away from my ass and I turned over to face him. I took his mouth, demanding he share my flavor. "How do you wanna take my cock Daddy?" Without saying a word, he slowly turned away from me and lay his head a top his folded arms. His back arched deep and his beautiful round ass perched high. 

I kneeled behind my father's ass and could see his furrowed eye winking at me. It wanted my cock. I knew it wouldn't take much to prepare him for fucking. I decided to returned the favor and taste that ass of his. Getting his hole nice and wet. He squirmed and groaned deeply.

He reached down to stroke his cock, but I slapped his hand away. "No. You won't touch your cock. It belongs to me tonight."

I grabbed a small bottle of lube from the night stand and dripped some directly onto his hole. I swear it opened and swallow the lube inside. I slipped two fingers inside of him without resistance. 

"Oh yes, JJ. That feels so good. More please. I need more."

"I could skip the fingers Dad. You wanna go straight to my cock?

"Yes! Yes! Please...just go slow."

"Don't worry Dad, I'll take care of you. I love you."

"I love you too baby boy." 

With that, I slicked my shaft and positioned it at his entrance. I pushed my cock into him at a snail's pace. I heard my Dad wince and I stopped. "Are you ok? Am I hurting you?"

"It always burns a bit at first baby. You're doing great, trust me." Dad started pushing himself back on my cock and I just went with it. He rocked his ass back and forth until he was fully seated on my pole. 

"Fuck Dad, your ass is so tight. I can't believe I'm finally inside of you." 

"Oh baby, you cock feels amazing in my ass. I never felt so full. Fuck me JJ. Please...fuck me hard," he pleaded. 

Hearing those words again, triggered something inside. I grabbed my Dad's hips and pulled my cock back until just the head was nestled in his hole. I slammed my hips forward and started pounding and punishing his cavity. I wanted my cock to spoil him for any other. I wanted his ass to remember I was there for days to come. From the incoherent pleads and whines coming from below me, I was doing just that. 

He sobbed for a moment when I dislodged my cock. "Turn over Daddy, I need to see you when you come. He spread his legs wide for me and I pushed my rod back inside of him. I rotated my hips so I could hit his walls at every angle. Once I found his prostate, I couldn't help but attack that spot. Dad was lost in ecstasy. His mouth open wide, his lungs struggling to catch air and his cock was leaking like a waterfall. Beautiful...just beautiful. 

I felt myself getting close. "Daddy, I need you to come with me." I grabbed his cock and jacked his cock in tune with my strokes. I could feel his ass tighten and see his balls draw up. 

"OOOH JJ! JJ! I'm coming! Oh god!" he screamed. 

After his first spurt shot over his chest, feeling his ass tighten around my cock triggered my own orgasm. "Oh fuck Daddy! I'm coming Daddy! I'm coming inside you Daddy!" How I managed to keep stroking is cock during both our orgasms, I'll never know. Feeling his asshole grip my dick while I came was a feeling I can't even describe. I think he's spoiled me for any other. 

I bent down and gathered some of Dad's juice from his chest with my tongue. I brought my lips to his and shared his load with him. He moaned softly. He looked so spent. So thoroughly fucked. I couldn't help but smile. I reluctantly removed myself from my Dad's body and got a warm towel to clean him up a bit. He was snoring softly when I returned. So cute. 

I wiped our bodies and tucked us both in for the night.