 My Name is John and I live in Palm Beach, FL; I have not always lived at my address but I have always lived in Florida. I am married with two children and a dog and live in a nice house that lets other know that I am doing well financially. I work as a Purchasing Agent for a small commercial contractor in South Florida and I have a few friends there that understand me for who I am. 

I am pretty much a control freak; so as one might imagine I have a strained relationship with my wife and also the people that surround me in my life. There is always time to let others know how much they annoy me. I either spend a lot of time making disparaging remarks about them behind their backs or just making their life as miserable as I possibly can. The way I see it, is if they are more miserable than me; then I feel better about myself.

I'm in my late forties, about five feet five inches tall, brown hair. My build is that of a dumpy, meek individual. I am totally unimposing and maybe that is why I have a need to micro-manage everything at work and at home. This may also be the reason that I constantly verbally assault the people that I work with. It used to be difficult to even think this. let alone say it; but throughout my life I have always a bit closeted with thoughts about dressing in woman's undergarments or being taken sexually by a dominant man. So maybe the control that I exert over others is just a front by my desire to be controlled.

As I said, I have a few friends around me that understand me for who I am. My friend Gary was having trouble with his wife so he spent some time in my spare room in the basement of my house. I had a video recorder set up in the basement utility room; it was behind a mirror that was fixed to the wall. I used it to record my daughter and her girlfriends when they had sleep over's. I recorded Gary sitting on the edge of the bed masturbating to porn a few times. Gary was my age and height but he had about 50 lbs on me. I guess the biggest problem he had with his wife was navigating during sex; if they ever had sex.

I recorded Gary a few times and I found myself masturbating while I was watching him imagining I was between his legs sucking his cock. I went looking for his porn stash and eventually found it on the utility side of the basement. I started talking about sex every time I saw him and eventually one day while he was home and just one minute into his porn escapade I knocked hard on the basement door.

"Hey Gary are you in there? I need to get something from the utility room." I had the key in the lock and turned before I finished the sentence. He was sitting on the bed with his pants down around his ankles and a panicked look on his face. He managed to shut the magazine but not cover himself up completely and I noticed that his dick was hard.

"Hi Gary, I didn't know you were here. I am looking for something in the other room and I won't be but a minute. What cha doing?" I said as I walked through the room. He was still flustered by my intrusion into his private space and didn't respond.

While I was in the room I grabbed one of the tapes from my porn stash and my old hash pipe that was still caked with resin from my box of memorabilia from the 90's.

"Hey Gary look what I found," as I show him the tape and the pipe. "Wow I can't imagine who this tape belongs to. Maybe it is my son's tape I know he is into girls now; he just hasn't brought any of them home yet."

"Gary, do you remember this pipe?" His eyes lit up and I knew it was because he remembered it was at the last Alice Cooper concert that we went to. We both dropped acid and he hooked up with a bunch of guys and went for a ride. I couldn't find him for half a day and when he got back he went right home.

I suggested that we take a couple of hits off the pipe and pop in the video that I found. He grabbed the video from me and turned to the player. I lit the pipe and took a hit from it and passed it to him while we were waiting for the tape to rewind.

"I didn't realize that my son was already watching porn. I guess he and I should have that talk." 

Gary chimed in and said "John, he is seventeen I am sure that he knows more than you and I combined."

When the tape began to show the previews they were for Bondage, Cross dressing and spanking. Then one of the previews was for Chicks with Dicks. Neither one of us said anything during the previews; we just passed the pipe and sat across the bed with our backs against the wall and watched. The only light in the room was coming from the T.V. and it was enough to see that Gary was a bit uncomfortable.

I was stoned and I was sure that Gary was also so when the movie started with the first scene of a big titted blonde woman in a tennis outfit kissing another big titted woman in spandex with red hair, he leaned back and relaxed. Their shirts came off and they started pulling on each other's nipples while they were kissing. We both fidgeted a little bit adjusting ourselves and trying to be inconspicuous. Then all of a sudden the blonde grabs a fist full of red hair and spits into the woman's mouth. She begins to berate her and starts slapping her tits hard. Then she pushes Red onto her back on the carpet and straddles her waist. She pushes Reds big tits together and she begins to push her hips forward to simulate fucking. As the blonde continues to berate Red she shoves three fingers into her mouth and with her other hand grabs Reds crotch and starts rubbing it hard telling her she is going to fuck her in every hole.

My cock was at attention and I had to shift on the bed because it was straining against the confines of my underwear and pants. I could see that Gary's pants were tented and I figured why fight it. I tell Gary that it is too hot in the basement and that my cock is rock hard from watching these women. As I am removing my pants I suggest to him that he do the same so I don't feel funny. He doesn't hesitate and when he does I can see the outline of his hard cock through his underwear.

The blonde woman and Red stand up and the blonde puts a leather collar on Red and pushes her over the back of a chair. Red is hunched over the back of the chair with her hands resting on the arm rests. Her big fleshy tits are hanging pendulously and she has a look of fear on her face.

The blonde pulls Reds pants down just below her ass cheeks and then steps in front of her. She leans forward and places her knees on the chair. She grabs a hand full of Red's hair and pushes her big tit into her face. She is commanding that Red suck on her big nipples and that if she does a good job she will fuck her really-good. 

Red tries in earnest to reach the nipple with her tongue so she can begin suckling but the blonde won't let her. Once again she yanks Red's hair pulling her head back and spits into her mouth, berating her about how she can't even please her by sucking on her tits.

Red begins to cry and is begging for her to put her nipples back into her mouth and let her try again but the blonde has other plans. As she walks around Red she trails her hand from Reds hair to her ass. She starts telling Red how her ass is going to match her hair as she begins to smack her ass with her bare hand. The blonde reaches down between Reds crotch and rubs across her pussy.

"You are such a whore; your pussy is dripping. You like when I slap your ass slut? You can't wait for me to fuck you can you whore?"

I am getting so turned on I am afraid that I am going to cum in my underwear. My cock is throbbing and twitching and as I look over at Gary and his cock is poking out past the waist band of his underwear and he is rubbing his cock. I start doing the same except I take another leap and pull down my underwear to my ankles and begin openly rubbing my cock.

Gary can see that I am stoned and lost in lust from this video; he reaches over and puts his hand on my cock and squeezes it. I know immediately that I want this and I put my hands down at my sides. He is not stroking my cock he is just squeezing it tight. He leans in further and he begins to kiss my nipple and takes it into his mouth to suckle at it. He looks me in the eye and says. "I knew you would find that tape and want to watch it; don't cum yet I want to show you something."

The blonde woman on the screen stops spanking the red head and is telling her that she is going to give her what she needs. Gary tells me that he knows that I have been recording him and that I have a stash of gay porn, and that I want this to happen; and he is going to give me what I need.

The blonde walks around to the front of Red and pulls down her skirt and panties. The beautiful busty blonde is sporting an eight inch cock and she pushes it into the face of Red and tells her to get to work. "I know this is what you want bitch, so show me how much you want it."

As the woman starts fucking Reds throat, Gary lets go of my cock and takes it all the way into his mouth and starts licking my balls. Then he starts fucking me with his mouth with quick short strokes at the head of my cock for five seconds and stops. "Does that feel good," Gary says to me. I shake my head in the affirmative and he tells me to continue to watch the tape.

"I haven't had pussy in so long" Gary says as he grabs my legs and swings them so I am now lying on the bed and still able to see the T.V. Then he pushes my knees and feet in the air. My legs are held together by my underwear and he tells me to grab them and hold them in place. He begins to flick his tongue at the head of my cock and down to my balls and finally over my exposed asshole.

The blonde is still in front of the red head except now she is making Red lick her balls and run her tongue along the length of her shaft. The blonde leans in and starts fingering the ass of Red, telling her that she will fuck her ass before they are done.

Gary drops his head and begins to probe my hole with his tongue; tracing circles around it until he gently pokes his tongue in. His tongue inside my anus feels really good much better than I could have imagined. He inserts his tongue and flickers the tip around and then darts in and out. My cock is still raging and everything Gary does leaves me wanting more.

Blonde grabs Reds collar and leads her to the couch. She pushes her back so she has her back lying on the cushion with her ass hanging over the edge of the seat. Blonde pushes three fingers into Red and begins ramming them into her pussy telling Red how she is so sloppy and wet; and how she needs to fuck her Ass hard, as punishment for her being so loose. 

As Blonde is lifting Reds feet off the floor and pushing Reds knees into her chest; I feel a cool lubricant being applied to my ass. I am unsure what it is and I don't react to it because I am enthralled with the scene unfolding on the screen. I am hoping the Blonde takes Reds Ass and fucks her hard. 

As Reds Ass gets penetrated I feel the pressure on my own Ass. Gary starts to lean into me, impaling me with his cock and between the smoke and the video I want it more than I have wanted anything. He tells me to stick out my tongue and when I do he rubs his thumbs over my tongue. I am thinking that he is going to put them in my mouth but he takes his wet thumbs and starts flicking them over my nipples; and before I even realize it, he is inside my Ass fucking me with long slow strokes.

Gary begins telling me how he knew that I would be into this when he saw my porn stash, and my pussy is now his; sixty seconds later I blow my load of cum all over my chest and up to my neck. Gary grabs some of my cum and uses it to coat his cock and add to the lubrication. My cock is still raging hard and twitching as he continues to fuck me. He rubs some cum into my nipples and scoops the rest up and feeds it to me; then has me lick his fingers clean. "You have a nice pussy and you are a good fuck," Gary says to me as he begins to grunt and pound my ass harder.

He buries his cock in my ass and I can feel it erupting and spewing his seed into my bowels. He slides his cock out and commands me to get on my knees on the floor and clean my mess off his cock. I was scared for a second at his tone and jumped. I rolled off the bed and immediately got to me knees and began licking all over his cock and balls. I could taste his cum and my ass juice, which I did not find repulsive; but the lube that he used was bitter. As I was doing as instructed he placed a leather collar around my neck and told me that when I walked down the stairs I needed to have this collar on or there would be consequences.

Then he said, "oh by the way you can keep the video of me masturbating and I will keep the video I made of our little romp just now. Just do as I say Always and it will be between us."

It felt so right to be on my knees sucking his cock with the feeling of my well fucked Ass, that all I could think to do was look up at him with his cock in my mouth and shake my head yes.

"Good girl" said Gary, "now be back here tomorrow at the same time."

Gary used me for a couple of months until he got back together with wife. He took all the videos that he made and told me to keep the collar in case he were to stop by for a visit.

A year or so later I was looking for a way to de-stress so I joined a gym. I had been going for several weeks when one day during my workout I realized that I was staring at this man while he was stretching and working his hamstrings. After that day I realized, not only was I always looking at him; I was always looking at his legs as they curved up to his ass while trying to imagine the size of his cock. I never thought about touching him but for some reason I thought about seeing him naked. I especially liked when he stretched out in his spandex shorts; they outlined his body and sometimes I could see the head of his cock where his cock was locked against his leg. I couldn't help but to stare.

I started coordinating my workouts with his workouts and this gave me the opportunity to also see him in the locker room. He was one of those guys that would undress in the locker room and walk around naked for the entire time until he got dressed and left. The first time I saw him naked up close my heart almost beat out of my chest. I got flush and had to sit down to keep from falling down. When he saw me flutter and sit down he came over to me to see if I needed assistance.

I was sitting there trying not to pass out from anxiety, which got worse when he came over and put his hand on my shoulder asking me if I was alright. Once I sat down I was feeling better but when I looked up I was eye level with his cock. My cock immediately got hard and I couldn't have stood up even if I wanted to. He just stood there patting the top of my back and neck asking me questions and offering me water. I said yes to the water and as soon as he left to get it I bolted out of there and didn't come back for a week.

When I returned to the gym; every time I saw him he would make a point to acknowledge me by exchanging some basic "Hi, Goodbye greetings" and then after that we began to engage in small talk at the machines. One day he approached me while I was in the locker room and we talked for about an hour. Mostly about me; he was always asking me leading questions that I was happy to answer if it meant that he would stay longer. He was just standing by his locker naked while we talked. I found myself taking glances at his body every time he turned to reach into his locker or when his eyes left me to acknowledge another of his friends. I think a few time he caught me stealing glances of him.

He seemed to know a lot of the people that went to the gym and was friendly with all of them. One day while I was in the shower just standing there facing the wall with my legs spread and hands up on the wall for support. I was letting the warm water cascade over me; it was very soothing on my body. I had my eyes closed and had been thinking about that guy; visualizing he and I naked doing our workout together. I imagined him lying on his back on the work bench; his legs bent at the knees with his feet on the floor. His butt was at the end of the bench so his cock and balls would dangle between his splayed legs. I was enjoying the thought and began stroking my hard cock and began contemplating whether or not to masturbate behind this curtain. Suddenly I was startled by someone from behind me saying;

"Hey, nice work out today; noticed that you are always here when I'm here. We must keep the same hours. I know we have chatted a few times but we never actually met. I know your name is John Havens; I got it from my buddy at the front desk; my name is Joe; Joe Larson."

I recognized the voice so initially I was startled but not panicked. I continued to slowly stroke my cock; I lifted up my head and said;

"Hey yeah, I was just thinking about... That you and I are always here together... What I mean is that we are here at the same time... Like you just said and we should work out together." I was embarrassed that I was tripping over my tongue and hung my head and let the water run over my back. As the water cleared from my face and I open my eyes I saw a pair of feet behind me, outside the wet area of my shower. I turn my head slightly and; "oh fuck!" I notice that the curtain was open I never pulled it closed.

Joe replied "Oh is that what they are calling it these days, give me your number and I will call you to set something up."

I was so embarrassed; I pulled my hand off my cock at lightning speed and continued to stare at the floor.

"Hey John, I need to be somewhere, GIVE ME YOUR NUMBER." 

I rattled off my cell number hoping he would make an exit so I could close the curtain and hide until he left.

Two days later I got a call from Joe. "Hey John lets connect at the gym on Monday at the usual time 4:30pm."

I was still a little embarrassed and stammered out "yeah sure, sounds good" and waited for him to hang-up his phone. Then on Sunday he called me again to inform me that Monday was not going to be good for him. I told him OK, and that whatever was good for him would work for me and that he can call me anytime to let me know. We engaged in small talk on the phone and he decided to meet me at the coffee house at 3:30pm on Monday and we could talk about making a schedule. 

That Monday he called me at 3:10 and said he was running late. He told me he lived local and that I should come by now; and that he should be home in five minutes. I said sure and took down his address and headed off to his place. I was excited because it was obvious that we were friends; why else would he invite me over?

I arrived at his place just before he did and I waited. When he got there he pulled in behind my car, he came over to me and greeted me with thanks for coming by and a good firm-grip hand shake; then we went inside.

"Hey John are you married?"

I told him yes and he handed me a beer. I spent a few minutes telling him about my lack of personal connection with my wife. I was still standing in his foyer as I took off my shoes before walking onto the carpeted floor.

We moved into the kitchen and sat for a minute drinking the beer and chatting. I noticed that all the walls had a mirror on them, varying in shape and size. 

"Hey nice place you have here" I said.

"Thanks come check this out" and he led me into another room. It was a gym with one window on the wall that was closed up tight with a shade and curtains. The walls were covered with muscle men and picture posters of young shirtless teenage boys and young men. In the corner there was a tri pod light stand with a large cabinet that seemed to be some entertainment center and a large leather couch on the wall opposite the cabinet. There were two doors in the room besides the entrance and one of them was obviously a full bathroom with a hot tub, the other was closed and had multiple locks on it.
