 Disclaimer: This story and all of the characters and situations are fictional. It contains gay male erotic material. If this is not your forte, please close this page and find something more suiting to your desires.

Again, I am pleased to bring my readers another chapter in this continuing saga. And I appeal to you, reminding you that your votes and comments drive every author on this site. I am not different. So, please remember to vote and comment at the end of the chapter. Thank you so very much.

It must have been around eleven in the morning when Peter and Bruce finally returned to the original room. Tony, Greg and Jonathan were already up and had packed to leave that morning.

"Where have you guys been?" Greg asked, as soon as they opened the door coming in.

"We needed a little privacy, so we got another room. You guys looked like you had things under control here anyway." Bruce grinned as he began to pack his few stray clothes into his luggage. "Peter and I are going to the lawyer's office this morning. We have somethin' to take care of. It shouldn't take but a couple minutes, if you guys don't mind," he was vague in the information, but polite in asking.

"Of course, Bruce." Tony grinned already knowing what it was about. "Good luck, man. Hope it all works out for ya, Peter."

"What?" Greg sat on the edge of the bed watching the tall handsome blonde gather his personal belongings in such an orderly fashion. "What's goin' on?"

"I'm applying for naturalization." The man informed him softly.

"Oh, my god!" Jonathan piped. "Yer actually gonna do it!" The young man stood motionless, his face glowing with excitement.

"Yes, Jonathan. I am." Peter smiled gently at him. "You and I discussed this a couple years ago. And your advise was most helpful to me, child." 

"Really?" The young man perked at hearing he had something to do with his decision.

"Yes, and we must leave here quickly, so help Bruce and I gather our belongings. The quicker we get to the lawyer, the faster I can begin the process." He reached an arm to Jonathan, giving him a tight hug, when the young man rushed around the bed with excitement.

He practically threw himself into Peter's arms. Tears filled his eyes knowing the man was going to make good on his promise of that evening that seemed so long ago. It had always been one of his greatest desires to have Peter near him constantly. He provided as much balance to his life with his parental ways, just as much as Bruce and Greg did. And he loved them all for that.

They made use of the limo on their return to the lawyer's office, being it was roomy and would fit all of them comfortably. Chattering back and forth, the driver opened the small window between him those behind him to inform them they had arrived.

The rest of them remained in the car while Peter and Bruce made their way upstairs. The lawyer was politely surprised to see them back again.

"I want to begin my naturalization." Peter informed him.

"How long have you remained in the country that can be documented?" he asked then.

"Almost five years," was his return answer.

"Then you have a few more months before you can apply, sir. Within three months of your fifth year, come back and see me. And I would advise you use the same address as your other documented stays," he informed Peter.

Silence hung in the air knowing Jonathan was not going to be pleased to hear this.

"You can return to Georgia, if you like. But, I wouldn't advise it, if you plan to not have any complications with your visa or your application." The lawyer instructed patiently.

Peter and Bruce looked to each other for a long moment.

"How will we explain this to Jonathan?" Bruce asked almost inaudible. "I don't know that he would go for staying at the mansion for six months or more," he added.

"Jonathan will be fine, sir. He's a very versatile young man. I'm sure you think of something to divert his disagreements." The lawyer smiled faintly.

Bruce's eyes narrowed a little at hearing this. "We try not to keep the boy upset, 'Sir'." The last he spoke in emphasis. "He's been through enough." He said as he stormed toward the door. "Come on, Peter. You won't get any help from this geek." Forgetting his strength, he pulled the door open harder than he had meant to, which banged against the wall behind it.

Peter stood staring hard at the slightly shorter man in silence before he moved to catch up with Bruce who was already in the hallway and headed to the elevator.

"Bruce, there must be a way." Peter reasoned with him gently as they rode down.

"We'll get advice from someone else, Peter." The man piped firmly.

"If that is what you want, but I do recall the written laws are just what he has already advised, my friend." Peter's gentle way began to sooth Bruce's anger somewhat.

"Let's just check, Peter…. Just to be sure. Ok?" His tone was calmer than before denoting his resignation on the matter.

Peter nodded singularly, not answering; knowing it would have no affect on the man's determinations. They stepped out of the elevator, through the glass doorway and down the steps to the car again.

"How'd it go?" Tony asked, and then wished he had kept his mouth shut when he saw their expressions.

"Burns…" Bruce called from the back seat to the driver. "Do you know any other lawyers in town that might be able to give us some answers?"

"Certainly, sir…" the man closed the glass door between them driving them all over Phoenix. 

They went from one lawyer to the next getting the very same advice, until the last one opened a book to show Bruce the law, which he insisted upon. In the aftermath, he sighed heavily; having wasted most of the day trying to get something accomplished.

"I can write you a letter of intentions to your government back home, sir. But at the moment, that is all I can do for you. When you're three months before the allotted time, you come see me, I'll get your paperwork done and in the works. You'll need to start studying for the test, so take this with you…" He went to a concealed closet, which he opened taking a large book off the shelf. 

Approaching Peter, he seemed so sympathetic to his demise. It had been explained their reasons for not wanting to remain at the mansion for any length of time. But it just could not be helped at the moment, as it was turning out.

"Thank you, sir. I apologize for intruding upon you so." He answered as he took the book from him.

"Oh, don't be. I understand perfectly. And I would be happy to assist you when you return." The man smiled generously then.

"Thank you." Peter turned to the crestfallen Bruce placing a hand on his shoulder. "We have to explain it to him. That is all we can do right now." 

"If you need, bring him up and I'll show him the same as I did you." The lawyer offered. "It might lessen the blow, being he cares for Peter so."

Bruce nodded, turning toward the door, and then stopped looking back. "You've been most helpful. Thank you. We'll be back to see you in a few months." He promised, turning to leave the room.

*****

"You can't be serious!" Jonathan protested after hearing their explanations as to why they ordered the driver to take them to the mansion. "I don't want to go back to that place, Bruce! Please!" Tears filled his eyes as he all but cried his words to him.

"If we go back to Georgia, it'll mess up his applications and stuff. We have no choice, Jonathan. I've tried all day to prevent this. There's nothin' I can do babe. And we'll all be there with you. It's not like you're going back alone. Trust me on this. You'll be fine, son. And it may help you deal with your grief process, you know?" He was desperate to find the right answers for him and felt helpless not being able to give the one Jonathan wanted to hear.

Jonathan wept softly during most of the ride, but kept as quiet as a mouse in doing so. All of his fears of having to go back to that place, mounted upon him the closer they got. He only could think of all the rooms, nooks and crannies that held so many unpleasant memories for him.

Then suddenly, realization came over him. There was more to the mansion than that. And so much he did want to recall about being there. Plus, he wanted to get his hands on what the servants and staff hadn't stolen or 'borrowed', from his uncle, especially one certain piece of jewelry that was worth his weight in gold. It was a rare ruby diamond that was stashed in a secret place that Mr. Bowman had shown him only one time. His mind slipped back to that moment as he recalled it…

Jonathan's eyes widened and his mouth gaped, as the man turned the large jewel bag up allowing the diamond to spill into his palm. He had never seen anything as beautiful and expensive in all his life. Mr. Bowman moved the hand that cradled the gem toward him.

"Go ahead. You can touch it." He smiled broadly at his nephew's response.

Timidly, he lifted the precious jewel from Jim's hand, with a finger and thumb. Holding it up, he stared at it as the light in the room gleamed through it. Then placing it in his palm, he felt the weight of the large piece. He enclosed it in his hand protectively, knowing it was priceless.

"I keep it here, Jonathan. So, if anything ever happens to me, this is yours. You find it and keep it." Mr. Bowman held out his hand to receive it back.

Jonathan relinquished the gem to him, watching him place it back into the bag. His eyes followed the hand and bag to the drawer of the tall jewelry box. They both disappeared into the very back of the drawer, past the back edge of it. The hand was then removed and the drawer closed.