 I met the grooms brother at my cousins wedding, we first met at the engagement party, he was across the room, our eyes met when I first walked in the door, he quickly turned away trying to avoid eye contact. I caught him a few times checking me out, I looked pretty good if I do say so myself. He was a strapping lad, he was twenty four years old, single, straight, needed a woman to clean him up so to speak, or maybe even a gay guy. 

His clothes were wrinkly, his pants did not really match his shirt, his tie was god awful, he wore white sport socks in his dress shoes that were in dire need of a polish. His beard needed a trim, his eyebrows were far to bushy, he was a perfect candidate for the television show where they make over the guy. He had sandy brown hair, he was a tall guy six four, long legs, a nice chest, broad shoulders. He had the most amazing smile I have ever seen in my life, his teeth were perfect, his entire face lit up, when he smiled.

I enjoyed myself at the party so many cousins I had not seen in such a long time, the bride introduced me to her future husbands family, his brother was the one I wanted to meet and more. His name was John, they all called him Johnny, they seem to treat the guy like he was still a child, anyone who looked at the guy knew he was a grown man. When I went to shake his hand a jolt of electricity went up my forearm. My cousin the bride told me Johnny and I would be ushers at the wedding venue, so they needed us there early to help set things up. 

I myself have always been a very vocal person, maybe a little to much at times, John on the other hand was a very quiet reserved guy, your typical tough straight guy, I liked him from the start, I would talk he would listen, only nodding his head in agreement. The night before the wedding arrived we were to all meet at the venue for a walk thru of what we were to do, a rehearsal with drinks to follow. My cousin the bride asked if I could help Johnny get dressed for the wedding the next day, make sure he looked okay, not all wrinkled, and not in jeans.

I ran into John later that evening, "John they asked if you would be okay with us getting ready together at the same place? Are you okay with that?" I inquired.

I could see the nervousness in his eyes, he was not comfortable at all with us getting dressed in front of each other. 

"How about you meet me up at my hotel and you can shower and get dressed in my room before we have to be there?" I suggested.

"I guess that would be okay!" He replied nervously.

"Whatever you do don't be late or she will kill us both!" I urged him.

John arrived two hours before we had to be at the venue, we had a coffee then he got in the shower, I opened his bag to find his clothes shoved in the bag his shirt wrinkled, his pants needed to be pressed, again a pair of white sport socks. I took out he iron and board and ironed his shirt, then pressed his pants, ran a cloth over his shoes, put a pair of black dress socks with his clothes. John came out of the shower, a towel wrapped tightly around his waist. 

"You ironed my clothes!" he said surprised.

"Yes we can't have you all wrinkled at your brothers wedding can we?" I said to him. 

John gave me a sly smile, "No I guess not! The bride would kill me." He laughed.

"John can I help you trim your beard?" I asked politely.

"Sure I guess that would be okay!" He replied nervously. 

"Come sit in the bathroom and I will clean this up a bit!" I suggested.

I got his beard cleaned up, his eyebrows trimmed down, his neckline trimmed neat and clean, he was a really handsome guy, 

"Dam John you look so handsome now!" I said smiling.

John turned a bright shade of red. 

"Tom is it true?" He asked. 

"Is what true?" I replied.

"That you're openly gay you have sex with guys?" He asked quite perplexed.

"Yes it is John, does that make you uncomfortable?" I inquired.

"Yeah it does a bit!" He said nervously.

"But yet you're here, naked except for a towel, and I have not tried to touch you inappropriately!" I said, John only smiled.

John got dressed while I showered, I came out in a towel which I quickly discarded and put on some underwear. 

"You're very comfortable in front of me Tom, I could not get naked in front of another man, I would be too nervous!" John told me.

"Nervous why? We all have the same equipment" I stated.

"Never mind Tom we better get going we can't be late!" He said.

I checked John out "Dam you look good John, you will have the ladies all over you tonight!" I told him.

The wedding was wonderful, she was a beautiful bride, her husband a very handsome young man. John got many compliments on his new look, the girls could not keep their eyes off of him. John and I hung around most of the night, John could really drink beer, the boy got more boisterous the more he drank. 

"This is my friend Tom, Tommy boy, Tommy here helped me get ready for my bros wedding." John said his arm tightly around my neck.

By the end of the night John was pretty lit up, he was on the dance floor and everything. We had a great time, John's brother asked if I could make sure he got home safely as John was very drunk, and he did not want him driving.

I got John's keys from him and he and I left in a cab together, I talked John into staying in my hotel with me, after all it was a double room. When we got in the room John flopped down on the bed, he was done for, I got his shoes off took off his suit jacket, undid his bow tie. 

"Thank you Tommy for looking after me, you gay guys are the best!" John said.

John grabbed me and pulled me into a kiss, it was a hard rough kiss, almost forced. 

"John let me show you how to kiss a guy!" I suggested. 

I took his head in my hands, my lips inches from his, John puckered up and closed his eyes, I gently meshed our lips together, my tongue gently licking his lips as we kissed. John reached up and pulled me on top of him on the bed, our lips locked, John's arms pulling me into him. 

"Tom I have wanted to kiss you since that first night we met!" John stated. 

"John I thought you said your not gay! Why are we doing this?" I asked.

"Not gay Tom do I appear to be a guy who is not gay?" John stated.

"I guess not!" I said with a grin.