 I kicked my feet in Tim's pool, splashing my wife, Kim, and me with cool water. I leaned back, closing my eyes, soaking in the warm rays of the hot Arizona sun, recalling last weekend's events. Kim and I had had one of the hottest sex sessions of our marriage, and it was mostly due to her. 

"You got two ways you can go; jump him immediately or take the slow route. It will be up to you and how he responds to whatever you do to him," Kim had said. We were in our bed and she decided to teach me how to make love to a man. You read correctly: A man! We had discussed my bi-curious feelings on several occasions and she finally decided "we" needed to take the first step. 

"If it is jump, than reach down, grabbing his cock gently and stroke it getting it hard. Bend down and suck as much of his hard length as you can. Bob up and down, sucking and tonguing him, while jacking him off until he comes. It is up to you if you want to swallow or let him spurt." She showed me exactly what she meant, stopping short of making me come. 

"If it is the slow route, than start by gently kissing him on the lips, moving down his neck, tonguing, kissing, and sucking each square inch of skin. Move your hands around constantly; caressing his upper body, chest, and arms. His responses will tell you what to do, just like yours are telling me what works for you." She was sucking on one nipple and playing with the other nipple, squeezing it between her fingers. 

"Move down, kissing and sucking his stomach, while still playing with his tits and nipples with your hands. Pay attention to his belly button. Most men, and women, skip it, but I know you love having yours kissed and tongued. Caress and kiss the lower sides of his body and run your tongue up and down." 

"Lower and lower, kissing and sucking and caressing, never stopping too long in one place. Kiss the insides of his thighs and run your tongue up and down them avoiding his penis and balls. He should be panting and moaning by now, much like you are." 

"Lightly touch his ball sac, pushing the testicles back and forth, feeling them slide, studying his prick, watching it twitch and throb. Lower your head, kiss, and suck each testicle. Suck each one into your mouth, getting it wet, sliding it around from side to side." I gasped and my hips twitched. 

"Move up and kiss the root of his cock and suck on it. Kiss and move up his cock, sliding your tongue in small circles around the taunt skin, pushing on it, feeling the hardness. Suck the head of his cock slowly into your mouth, tonguing the ridge, tonguing the cum-slit, sucking on the velvety head." I moaned. 

"Lower your head letting his hard long length glide past your lips, feeling the head touch the top of your mouth and than your throat. Move your head up and down, first slowly and than faster, varying the speed, going from short to long strokes. This will make him last longer and maximize his pleasure, and yours. Before long, he will start fucking your face. Feel his balls, they should be pulling up, ready to unleash their load." God I was ready! 

"Let him fuck your face, going deeper and faster with each forward thrust. He will thrust once, hard, stop, and you will feel his prick get harder, fatter and longer. Again, it is your choice to swallow his load or let him spray cum on him and you." I came, shoving my hard, fat cock deeper into her face, spurting hot streams of cum. Kim swallowed, but couldn't get it all, some of it oozing down her chin, dripping on my stomach. 

"Taste it!" She said. Kim scooped up some of my cum and slid her fingers into my open mouth. I sucked, tasting my own cum for the first time. It wasn't bad. In fact, I found I liked the slightly bitter, salty taste and the slippery texture. She moved up and French kissing me, I tasted and swallowed more of my own cum. 

"I think you have had enough of a lesson. Just do to him what you like done to you. Now lick my cunt and fuck me. I need it bad. Look at your cock. It's hard again just tasting your own cum and thinking about making it with a man." I licked and sucked her to two orgasms and fucked her to another one. 

I opened my eyes and looked across the pool at Tim. He was, like me, leaning back, with his feet in the water, getting a tan. His tight white nylon trunks did nothing to hide his cock and balls. I licked my lips and looked at Kim. She had followed my gaze and turning her head back to me, smiled, blew me a kiss and mouthed, "Good Luck." 

I slid into the water, the sudden coolness slightly shocking against my sun-warmed skin. I slowly swam towards Tim, the blood pounding in my ears. My eyes had not left Tim's crotch and I knew I was hard thinking about what might be. I pulled up just shy of his kicking feet and treaded water. 

"Hi sailor. Can I buy you a drink?" I asked. Dopey, but it worked. Tim quit splashing and sat up. 

"Sure." He responded, standing up and offering me a hand. He pulled me up onto the deck, glancing at my crotch. There was no hiding my boner. He turned and I followed him into the house, studying his body for the first time. Like me, he was 28, a swimmer's slender six foot, tanned with blond hair, and blue eyes. I wondered if he was as tan under his tight trunks. I hoped I would be finding that small fact out in a short time. 

We walked into his kitchen, with Tim going to the counter, pointing to the fridge saying, "You know where they are." I walked over to the fridge, opened it, and leaning down, pulled two beers from the bottom shelf. I turned around and almost dropped the beers. Tim was sitting on the edge of the counter, naked, his suit puddled on the floor. First fact: he had a tan line, but it wasn't a bright white. 

"Isn't this what you really wanted?" he asked. I stepped forward, putting the beers down as carefully as possible, nodding my head up and down. His cock was semi-hard and his balls were large. He was clean-shaven, except for a small patch of hair just above his prick. I stepped between his spread legs, leaned forward, and kissed him on the lips. 

He pulled me closer, saying, "It took you long enough. I've wanted this for a long time." 

We kissed again, and I probed his open mouth with my tongue. It sent shivers up and down my body and I groaned as we explored each other's mouths. I pushed him down, leaned forward and ran my tongue down his chest. I didn't stop; I wanted his cock spurting cum in my mouth. I wanted the first time to be quick. 

I moved down until, the tip of his hard cock touched my neck. I moved my head, glanced at his pink cock, and simply swallowed all six and one half inches completely! I was surprised at how easily it slid past my lips and down my throat. It was wonderful! 

I reached up, massaged his balls, and started sucking his prick, fast, up and down, deepthroating his cock. He started thrusting, keeping time to my bobbing head and just as Kim had promised, I knew it wouldn't be long. 

He groaned, saying, "I'm going to come." He had placed his hands on my head and was pushing and pulling my head up and down, fucking my throat with his prick. I felt his prick get harder and fatter and he thrust once, hard, held his hips high, pulled my head down hard onto his cock and gasped. 

The first spurt hit the back of my throat and I couldn't help but swallow. I pulled my head up, slid a hand up, grabbing his slippery cock, and squeezed it. Another spurt splashed on the top of my mouth and onto my tongue. I swallowed his hot jism and jacked his cock with my hand. Tim shot about six loads of cum and I swallowed each and every bit of his juicy goo, loving the head of his prick with my lips and tongue. 

He lowered his hips and ran his fingers through my hair. "Wow," he said. His cock was getting soft in my mouth. I let it slide out and kissed the wet slimy head. I licked and cleaned every drop of cum from his prick, finally kissing his tight balls. I leaned back and stood up and he sighed. "I knew it would be good with you," he said, and slid off the counter. He pulled me into his arms, kissed me, and hugged me. 

"How did you know?" I asked. 

"Kim told me," he replied. 

"I'll have to find a proper way to thank her," I said. 

"You have and you will," Kim whispered. I turned in Tim's arms. Kim was standing behind me, naked, stroking her cunt. 

"How long have you been watching?" I asked. 

"I came in just as you swallowed Tim's lovely cock." 

Tim had moved one hand up and was playing with my left tit. He lowered his other hand and stroked my hard cock through the fabric of my trunks. 

"Hmmm. We need to do something about this," he said. 

Kim moved forward, kissed me, French tongued me and leaned back, licking her lips. "I can taste him darling," she said. "What was it like?" 

"More wonderful than I imagined," I moaned. She was pinching my other breast with her free hand. I looked down and her other hand was still playing with her cunt. I could feel Tim's hardening cock between my legs. I squeezed my thighs together and he moaned. He tongued my ear and my entire body spasmed. 

Kim dropped her hand from my chest, and knelt down in front of me. Tim moved his hand from my cock, up to my chest. He started squeezing my nipples while tonguing and kissing my ear. Kim licked my hard cock through the fabric. Up and down, kissing and licking my hard prick, soaking my trunks with her spit. 

I moaned as her tongue and mouth slaved away while Tim continued to play with my nipples, kissing, and sucking on my neck and ears. 

"Bed!" I gasped. 

Tim dropped his hands from my chest, kissed me on the back of my neck. As he started to step back, I let his cock slide out from between my thighs. Kim slowly stood up, running her tongue up my belly, up the center of my chest, kissed my neck and finally my mouth. 

Tim turned and we followed him down the hallway into his bedroom. He pulled the covers down and turned to face us. His cock was hard and standing proudly above his hairless balls. Kim moved behind me and gently pushed me towards the bed. Tim reached down and hooking his thumbs into my waistband pulled my trunks down my legs, off me feet and tossed them aside. 

"Hmmm," he said, "Your cock is bigger than I imagined. Nice balls." He pulled me towards him and we embraced. He kissed me, gently on the lips. Hearing a noise, I opened my eyes. Kim was on the bed, her legs spread, her hand playing with her cunt, watching us. 

I kissed him back. I forced my tongue between his lips and he opened his mouth. We played tongue tag until neither one of us could stand it. Our hard cocks were pushed up against our bellies. It felt strange, but right, feeling his hardness against my belly. I kissed him full on the lips and stepped back. 

"Down," I said, pointing to the bed. He lay down next to Kim. I moved to the other side of the bed and lay down next to my wife. She raised her arms over her head. Tim caressed one breast while I caressed the other. We watched each other, trying to mimic each other's actions. I turned slightly on my side and kissed her on the cheek and Tim copied me on the other cheek. We found our tongues touching each other while we tried to tongue her open mouth. 

I looked down and rolled her hard nipple between my fingers. I gently squeezed and she moaned. She loved having her nipples played with and squeezed. It always turned her on. Tim followed suit and we soon had my wife gasping with pleasure. 

I turned even more, stroking her chest and kissed her on the neck. I sucked for a few seconds, while stroking up and down her body. I lowered my head, and kissed her hard nipple, while moving my hand down her belly, finally onto her thigh. 

Tim and I both sucked and licked her nipples while stroking her thighs. The backs of our hands touched as we moved closer to her pussy. I touched her cunt lips. They were drenched! I gently stroked up and down her cunt, Tim's fingers following right behind mine. She hissed as first one finger entered her, than another and than another. We fucked her with our fingers and she fucked back. 

Kim's body shuddered and she came with a powerful orgasm. We could feel her cunt contract around our fingers as she shoved up, forcing them deeper into her pussy. Finally she sighed and lowered her hips. I kissed her nipple one more time, than started licking her chest, going lower, and lower. The top of my head bumped Tim's as we both tried to get between her legs. 

"Go for it," Tim said. 

I turned even more and lowered my head between her legs. I licked the length of her slit with as much of my tongue as I could and with as much force as I could. She cried out and her body shuddered. Aftershock? 

I licked and sucked on her cunt lips, swallowing her juices, relishing the taste of her sex. I found her clit and tongued it. She moaned and I sucked on it while sliding two fingers up her wet cunt. I sucked on her clit and finger-fucked Kim to another climax. 

I rolled back on my side and offered my dripping fingers to Tim. He sucked her juices from my fingers. He turned and lowered his head between her legs. I looked up and watched as Kim sucked just the head of his cock. I looked back down and Tim was slowly and gently licking Kim. Up and down, and side to side, he licked her cunt. 

I moved so that my seven-inch cock was next to her head. She turned her head, letting Tim's cock fall from her mouth. I watched her as she kissed the head of my prick. She opened her mouth and sucked just the head, sliding her tongue around the crown. The pleasure sent shivers through my body. 

Kim moaned and dropped her head back down on the bed. She arched her back and cried out as another orgasm swept through her. It lasted several seconds and she relaxed. Tim licked and sucked her cunt, nosily swallowing her juices. He raised his head and looked at me with lust-filled eyes, juices dripping down his chin. 

I kissed him on the lips and licked Kim's love juice and Tim's saliva from his chin. While we kissed each other, Kim alternated sucking our cocks, taking first him and than me. 

"Stop," she said, "and lay down facing each other with your cocks touching." 

We turned around and I lay down first. Tim moved so that his legs straddled mine, so that our balls and cocks were touching. 

"Perfect," Kim said. 

She lowered her head and kissed first Tim's cock and than mine. She used both hands to pull them together and kissed them again. Kim opened her mouth and licked the heads, getting them dripping wet with her spit. She opened her mouth wider and lowered her head. We watched in amazement as she swallowed both cocks to the ridgeline. She sucked, licked, and raised her head up. Back down she went more of our cocks slipping past her lips into her mouth. 

She managed to get about four inches of each cock into her. Kim started bobbing her head on our cocks. I could feel Tim's hard cock against mine, her tongue and mouth on my cock and her hand on my balls. It wouldn't be long. The familiar pleasure was starting to build in my groin. I tried to move my hips and found that I couldn't. 

I gasped "I'm going to come." She sucked even harder and squeezed my balls more. "Oh fuck!" The pleasure exploded and I climaxed, sending a long spurt of cum deep into her throat. I came again and again, almost passing out from the sheer pleasure and joy. Somehow, Kim swallowed every drop and glob of cum, while continuing to suck on both cocks. When my prick started to soften, she raised her head up, letting both pricks slip from her mouth. 

She moved over to Tim and kissed him, tonguing him, so he could also taste my cum. Breaking off from him she came over to me and kissed me. I could taste her saliva, Tim's saliva and my own cum. 

"I'm taking a shower. You two behave yourselves," she said. We watched her crawl from the bed and walk across the room into the bathroom. 

"Jesus Christ John. Is she for real?" Tim said, moving off me and twisting around. He lay down next to me. I raised my head up and Tim put his arm under me. I lay my head down on his chest and gently stroked the length of his body. I studied his cock, which was still hard and glistening with my juices and Kim's spit. 

Kim came back into the room, drying her hair. She sat on the edge of the bed, smiled, and said, "Good boys. You did behave 'cause Tim's' still hard as a rock. What are you going to do about that, John?" 

I looked at her, recognizing the dare in her eyes. I looked up at Tim and he just smiled, waiting. 

Looking at Kim, I said, "Fuck me Tim. I want your hard cock up my ass." 

Her mouth dropped open and her eyes widened, getting as big as I had ever seen them. Tim's sharp intake of breath, was followed by, "Are you sure?" 

"Yes." 

He moved away from me, rolled over and reached into the nightstand nearest him. Tim pulled out a tube of KY-Jelly and sat next to me. 

"Are you positive?" 

"Yes, God Dammit. Fuck me with your hard cock. I want your cum spurting in me." 

I rolled over onto my knees and elbows, spreading my legs. 

I jerked when I felt his fingers stroking my ass. He stroked gently, running his fingers up and down my crack. I felt the bed shift and Kim's face came into view. She raised her head up and kissed me. I gasped as I felt Tim's finger probe for my opening. He found it, and slowly slid the greasy fingertip into my anus. He fucked my ass slowly, letting me become accustomed to the feeling. 

I kissed Kim and we started French kissing each other. I pushed back and groaned as more of his finger slid in. It burned slightly. I stopped moving and Tim slowly fucked me again. I felt more of his finger slide in. The pain was less and I felt a twinge of pleasure. 

"Another," he said, and I felt more pressure on my anus. Another finger slid in and the burning returned. "Push back," he said, and I did. The two fingers slid in and out and I started fucking them, the burning disappearing. I felt more pressure and realized that he was now fucking my moving ass with three fingers. 

"I'm ready," I gasped. 

He withdrew his fingers and I felt him move behind me. He moved between my legs and I felt one hand on my back. He used the other to guide the head of his prick to my asshole. I felt the head enter and the pressure grew. I felt it pop as the head of his prick slipped past the ring of muscle and I gasped at the pain. Tim didn't move an inch, letting me adjust to the pain. 

I looked down at Kim and saw the concern in her eyes. "Are you okay?" she asked. 

"I will be," I grunted. 

The pain was less. Tim still hadn't moved. I pushed back and felt some more of his cock slip in. I pulled back and felt it slid out until just the head was in. I slowly fucked his cock. More and more of it entered, inch by inch. The pain was gone, replaced by a growing pleasure that cannot be described. 

Finally, he cock was completely in my ass. I could feel his balls against my legs. 

"Fuck me," I said. 

Tim started fucking me with long slow strokes as I stayed as still as a statue. Kim pulled my head down and we kissed. Long deep loving kisses. I started to fuck Tim's cock with hard thrusts and he reciprocated. I felt a hand on my cock and than another. Kim and Tim were jacking me off together, my cock hard again. 

Tim was fucking me with short hard strokes and he was grunting. I could feel his cock get harder and fatter. He thrust forward hard, driving his prick deep into me. I felt his cock spasm and hot cum spewed from his cock, bathing the walls of my rectum. 

He groaned and started fucking me, his cock easily sliding in my cum-soaked, shooting spurts of cum into my ass. Tim slammed all the way in and fell on my back, gasping for breath. I felt his cock soften and it finally slipped from my ass. Cum oozed from my asshole, sliding down my thighs, as he fell back onto his side. 
