 I woke up the next morning with a raging hard on pressing against Tara's ass. John and Tara woke right around the same time and we began kissing and caressing each other. 

Tara stopped and said, "We should prep ourselves first with enemas. I want to do anything and everything without any worries." 

There were three bathrooms, so we each went our separate ways to clean out our assholes. I showered while I was at it and when I returned, discovered that John and Tara had done the same.

John at this point was bent over, eating Tara's beautiful pussy and his sexy ass was totally exposed. I could see that he had put in a butt plug. I approached and massaged his ass. I moved the butt plug in and out a little then removed it so I could lick up and down his crack. 

John turned around and said, "Lick my shithole stud." 

This got me really excited and I began sucking and slopping his sweet little poop shoot. I was drooling all over and worked my way to the point that I was sticking most of my tongue inside his beautiful pooper. He and Tara were both moaning hard. John's moans got louder as I increased the intensity of the tongue fucking I was giving him. At this point, Tara had a very loud orgasm. 

After Tara finished her climax, I asked John, "Are you ready to get that hot little pooper fucked Honey?" 

John replied, "God yeah stud, fuck the shit out of me." 

I told John, "Lay on your back and put your legs as far back as you can. I want to look into your eyes as I ream your beautiful shit hole." 

John replied, "Oh fuck, I love looking into your sexy eyes. Please put that big cock of yours into my hole."

I smeared coconut oil all over his butt hole and with two fingers smeared some inside too. I then lubed up my cock and lined up with the entrance to his tight little asshole. As I pushed in, he pushed out which opened up his sphincter and allowed my cock to slide in to the hilt. 

John moaned with pleasure and said, "God, your cock feels so amazing in my bowels. Fuck my little shit hole like there's no tomorrow." 

I needed no encouragement and quickly found a smooth rhythm pumping my cock all the way into my balls and all the way back to my cock head. I was holding both John's hips tightly and on the in strokes was slamming against his ass so that his whole body was being shoved. We both gazed into each other's eyes. It was hard, nasty ass fucking and beautiful, tender lovemaking at the same time.

Our dirty talk started to mix with sweet talk. While looking me in the eyes John said, "God I love you fucking my pooper. You're so handsome baby, I'm really falling for you. Fuck, keep slamming my asshole forever. I'm in fucking heaven." 

I responded, with "Your shit hole is so fucking sweet, I want to keep fucking it forever. I'm falling for you too baby, I love looking into your eyes while we fuck. God, I love fucking you. Open your fucking mouth honey." 

He asked, "You gonna spit in my mouth stud?" 

I said, "Fuck yeah sweetie." 

He opened his mouth for me and I grabbed his neck hard with both hands, leaned in and drooled all over his mouth and face. While still holding his neck tight and rhythmically fucking his ass, I embraced John in a long, wet French kiss. 

When I came up from our sexy kiss, something possessed me and I began jack hamering John's pretty little pooper like there was no tomorrow. I kept a tight grip around his neck the whole time which helped to keep him from being pushed all over the bed. 

He held tightly onto his hard cock, and moaned, "Fuck, fuck, this is the hardest fucking I've ever gotten. Keep slamming me. I love it. Shit, fuck, fuck. Fill my fuck tunnel!!"

After fucking him like this for about 10 more minutes, I pulled my cock to get a taste of his sexy poop shoot, As, I pulled out, his asshole gaped open. I greedily, licked, kissed and tongue fucked his beautiful hole. The water from enema he had given himself had mixed with the coconut oil we were using as lube. Some of it came dripping out of his loosened up asshole and I lapped it up. It tasted surprisingly clean so I moved up to John's face and kissed him again, allowing his ass juice to flow into his sexy mouth. We swapped his ass juice back and forth a few times until we each swallowed our half. 

He said, "Thank you for feeding me that baby. I loved it." 

With this, I moved him on his side and push his legs up so his asshole was exposed again. I told him, "I am gonna sodomized your fucking poop shoot so fucking hard your whole body's gonna cum." 

He replied, "Oh god Paul, fuck me to heaven." 

I quickly got on my knees and started pounding his loose fuck tunnel for all I was worth. He began jacking his cock and said, "Give me an ass orgasm. I want to come together baby." 

I grabbed his neck hard, choking him lightly and turned his head around so we could look into each other's eyes. I pounded him like this for about 10 minutes, literally so hard his whole body was pushed up the bed and his head was hitting the head board. Finally I felt my balls tighten. My whole body shook and I began pumping cum into John's sweet pooper. 

Simultaneously, starting with his ass, John's whole body shook and he began pumping his cum all over the bed. We maintained eye contact the entire time. 

I collapsed, my exhausted sweaty body onto his and we had a wonderful tender kiss. John looked me in the eye and said, "If we keep fucking like this, I think we're going to fall in love." 

I said, "I think, I'd like that." We then had another long kiss. 

This whole time, Tara had watched and masturbated awestruck at the sight she was seeing. She came over and began kissing us both. And finally said, "I kind of hope you two do fall in love. It would be so amazing having two loving, studly men in my life."