 This is just a quick, wham, bam, thank you Sam. Very brief sex scene, so if you're looking to jerk it, then this isn't for you. Enjoy.

*****************

I like being drunk. Is that so wrong? Perhaps it's wrong to say it. More so than actually liking it. I like it a lot. Too much so I suppose. Maybe I should quit it. Not tonight. Tonight's far too good to let go just yet.

"Ain't never been better than tonight, has it Johnnie?"

He sat there, still as ever. His coattails flapped in the breeze as he strode on proudly. A truer friend, I'd never found. Johnnie was never late. Johnnie never judged me. Johnnie was always there. Johnnie is what every man should be. Johnnie even had a red felt coat for Christ's sake.

"I love you Johnnie."

Suddenly, with a strong tug, Johnnie was gone.

"Johnnie!" I cried.

"I think you've had enough Liam." Chided a voice from somewhere nearby.

I spun around to find it, almost falling over some god damned thing in the process. This was a great stool though. Perfect amount of cushion and it spun. Something grabbed my shoulder.

"Over here, bud. Come on. Look at me."

Bright green eyes caught mine. They were close.

"Hey Brian! What are you doing here?"

"Susan called me. I've been wondering where the fuck you were. Jesus man, how much did you drink?"

"I've just been talking to Johnnie for a while."

He glanced to the right. Or his left. Whatever.

"I can see that."

"Let's go to the car-"

"Brian, thank god you're here." Came from our right.

"Susan! Hi." I was happy to see her. I saw her earlier, but she disappeared.

"Hi yourself Liam." She quickly turned back to Brian "Brian, please sort him out. This has gone on about long enough. I love him, but this is getting so sad it's not sustainable anymore."

"I know how you feel. I have to live with him."

"Hey! I'm a pleasure to live with." I retorted.

"I'm sure you are sweety." Said Susan.

"If you say so." Mumbled Brian.

"Stand up Liam." Brian had a hand on my shoulder.

"Why, sure."

Someone must've tripped me. Luckily, Brian caught me. He's always been reliable.

"Fucking hell..." 

Brian didn't give me time to stand back up. He half dragged, half carried me outside to his car.

"You need a new car."

"I need a lot of things." He responded.

His car sucked. Fucking thing barely ran. Truly, it was not a tribute to Honda. It was a tribute to shittiness.

We struggled to get in the car for some reason. He stood over me trying to get my seatbelt on.

The light must've hit him right from the streetlights. His eyes shown in the dark, like stars. His cute little nose blended right in between them. Two thin, pink lines glistened as well, looking so tantalizing. I only wanted a taste.

I grabbed the back of his head with my right hand, his scruffy cheek with my left. He must've tried speaking before we met. His mouth was open slightly. We kissed for only a moment before he jerked his head back. Disappointing to say the least.

"What the fuck Liam!"

Why was he mad? That was wonderful.

"You taste good." I smiled up at him.

He stared at me for a second or two, shock written on his face, before anger replaced it. Slamming the door, he walked around to get behind the wheel.

"What's wrong Bri?" 

"Don't give me that Bri shit right now. Do you even know what you just did? Why would you do that?"

"You looked awesome just now, like an angel Bri. You should've seen it. Your eyes were like emeralds."

"Just... shut up." He ran both hands through his hair, just like he always does when he's nervous.

"Bri?"

"Quiet Liam." He admonished.

Fine. I perhaps sulked for a moment. Soon enough, the streetlights grabbed my attention. City lights have always been my favorite. The way they look clustered together is tantalizing, while alone they are all encompassing. Sort of like Brian's eyes. I giggled.

"You're a streetlight. My streetlight." I said, looking at his face in the dim light of the car.

"What the fuck are you talking about?"

He looked stressed. His hand ran through his hair a few times, messing it up even worse.

"Let me."

I smoothed his hair a couple of times. A hand batted mine away.

"Liam, stop!"

"What?"

"God, why do you have to be drunk?"

"What do you mean?"

"Why the fuck are you drunk? Why couldn't you do this another time? A better time? I mean, for fuck sakes..."

"Brian..." I didn't know what to say. He was sad and I didn't know why. "Why are you crying Bri?"

He furiously wiped at his face.

"Just let it go."

"But Bri-"

"Just shut up Liam!"

The rest of the ride was in silence. I don't know why he was so upset.

Home sweet home. I flung my door open, standing to go inside. Again, I tripped. I must not have tied my shoes.

"Liam!"

He rushed around to help me up.

"Are my shoes tied?"

"Yes. You're drunk Liam."

"Oh... oh!"

Well that explains a lot.

We worked our way up the walkway to the house. I can't believe I'm drunk. Me and Johnnie were only talking for a few minutes. He always was a character. 

The door opened to our little palace in the country. It wasn't much, but it was ours for five hundred a month. Fit for a king I say. Burger King is still a king, right?

Slowly, we finally got to my bedside. I managed to get my shirt off, while Brian pulled my jeans and shoes off. He was setting my keys and wallet on the nightstand when I reached to grab his wrist.

"Thank you Bri."

He looked down, smiling at me like he always does.

"You're welcome Liam." He said on a sigh.

I don't recall sleeping, only waking up feeling as if the world was ending. My mouth felt like shag carpet laid extra thick. Lord, what the fuck did I do last night?

The sun wasn't shining through the window like it normally would. My window faced east. That meant it was afternoon. Fuck. Nothing like wasting a day off. I ignored my phone. Nothing good was happening there. Urgh. I felt sick. My mind said puke, yet my body said not today. It felt like my stomach was betraying me. I brushed my teeth before leaving the bedroom.

Stumbling through the house, I found Brian watching television in the living room. He was in some batman lounge pants with a tank top on. 

"What happened last night?" I asked, plopping down beside him.

His eyes remained on the screen. 

"You got drunk again. I picked you up from Susan's."

"Oh..." I mumbled.

It hadn't been a good few weeks. You can't pick your family, as the old saying goes.

"Have you spoken to your parents anymore?" He asked.

"They made it quite clear they didn't want to speak to me. I'm glad."

"No you're not."

"Yes I am."

"Then why were you and Johnnie getting reacquainted last night?"

We sat in silence.

The show he was watching ended. Another came on.

"Look Liam, you've got to get past this. I know it sucks."

"As if I didn't know that."

"Well than do something about it. I get it. You're parents are assholes. Getting drunk all the time isn't going to change that."

"You're right." I sighed.

"It's gonna be okay."

I reached over to pat his arm, like I always do. He tensed up.

"What's wrong with you?" I asked.

"Nothing." He was lying.

"Then why won't you look at me?"

He made a show out of looking at me for a few seconds before turning back to the TV.

"What's wrong Bri?"

He flinched again.

"Nothing."

"Bull shit. You're all tense."

I tried to rub his shoulder, but he just shrugged my hand off.

"Don't touch me."

"What? Why? I always touch you."

"I know, so stop."

"Where's this coming from?"

"Nowhere." He was shaking slightly, his face turning slightly red. I was getting worried.

"Bri... Tell me what's wrong. Please."

He abruptly stood up and began pacing back and forth in the kitchen. Hands ran through his hair.

"Why would you do it?" He suddenly shouted.

"What are you talking about?"

"Of all the crazy shit you do drunk, why'd you have to go and do that?"

"What did I do?"

I was beginning to think I shit in his car. I've always been a blackout drunk. I have total recall up until I don't, if that makes any sense. After I pass the point of no return, I'll only remember bits and pieces and sometimes not even that. Occasionally, something will trigger a memory, but not often. The last I recall, I was drinking scotch in Susan's kitchen. 

"You fucking suck."

"Tell me what I did so I can fix it!"

"You can't fix anything."

"Not if you don't tell me!"

"You kissed me."

"What?"

I wouldn't do that. Me and Brian have been friends since college. We were only twenty-six, but Brian was practically my world. We did everything together. I don't know if I'd have made it through the past month without him.

"You kissed me."

He stared at me from across the room, contempt etched on his face.

"Was it that bad?" I tried to inject some humor in the situation.

He chuckled, if a mirthless huff of air can be called such a thing.

"You would make a joke."

He ran a hand through his hair a couple of times.

"I don't get it Liam. We've never done anything. I've known you for eight years, and not once have you made a move."

"I was drunk!"

"Did it mean anything?"

"What?" Surely not... right?

"Did it mean anything? I have to know."

His bright green eyes were pleading with me. I made my way to stand in front of him. Trying to calm him down a bit, I placed a hand on his shoulder to gently massage him.

"I've never thought about it Brian. The thought just never occurred to me."

He grabbed my hand from his shoulder with one hand, my head with another. I saw his lips coming for mine, I just couldn't react to stop it. I'm not sure I wanted to. This was all very sudden. 

Our lips met, and I felt butterflies, just like I had with each of my exes. I'd kissed guys who were domineering, wanting me to accept what they wanted. Brian wanted to give, to be received. After a second, I joined in, and he let me take over. He tasted... I don't know how to describe it. He was just Brian. Sweet Brian. 

We broke apart gasping.

"Wow." I said.

"Yeah. I... I don't know what to say." He stuttered out.

"You were full of great ideas a second ago."

"You started this."

"That doesn't bother me now."

I dragged him down to kiss me again. Something he was trying to say died with a moan. We dueled back and forth for a moment before I began leading us back to my bed.

He seemed to not realize this development until I pulled his tank top off and pushed him back on the bed.

"What the- Liam!"

"Yes, sexy?"

I dove on him, not giving him the chance to speak. Every time he tried, I kissed him, working my hands down his body. My fingers tweaked his nipples, causing another protest to die on his lips. His dick was straining against his lounge pants, even more so when I caressed a hand over it.

"You never told me you were this tasty Bri."

"Oh fuck..." He moaned.

I watched as I dragged the waistband lower, lower, lower still until his dick sprang free with a smack against his belly. Precum dripped from the shiny pink head. I worked his shaft with my hand, slowly at first. I'd pick speed up then slow back down. Brian was beginning to writhe on the bed. Lips danced over his skin as I made my way down to my prize. The throbbing in my head had nothing on how he throbbed. 

"Liam!" He gasped as my lips closed over his shaft.

The musky smell of him filled my nostrils as his thick shaft filled my mouth. I slicked my tongue all over him, trying to taste all he had to offer. His hands wound through my hair, seeking to force me lower while caressing at the same time. His moans grew louder and louder. I pulled off and stood up.

"What the- Liam, please." He lay on the bed, panting.

"Soon enough Bri, soon enough."

I found the lube I kept in my nightstand and a condom.

The items dropped next to him so he could see them clearly.

"What do you want?" I asked him.

He swallowed before squeaking out, "I want you." A hand reached over to grasp my hard on through my shorts. I needed no more enticement. 

Standing, I stripped out of my shirt and shorts. He tossed me the lube, to which I began slicking one of my fingers up.

"Cold." He complained as my finger touched his hidden opening. His dick going back in my mouth quickly distracted him from that. He moaned even louder when the finger slid in past the first knuckle. Tense at first, he slowly loosed up to where I could finger him. Adding another finger, I really began opening him up. My fingers scissored inside of him, causing him to squirm on the bed.

"Liam, please fuck me already! I can't take this anymore."

"My pleasure Bri."

I leaned over to kiss him quickly as I slid a condom on. Slicking up, I quickly lined up and slid past the first barrier with relative ease. He gasped at the penetration, but held me with his feet to pull me in slightly more. Again, we started out slow. Before long though, we had picked up a rhythm. Soon enough, we were fucking like rabbits, gentle lovemaking be damned. I didn't last as long as I would've liked. Truth be told, we blended quite well together. I wanted it to last forever.

I jerked his dick as I came. He blasted all over his stomach a few seconds later. Together, we lay in a heap, huffing for breath.

"That was... something." I said.

"Good something?" He asked.

"Yeah. I believe so."

**********

Wrote this in a fit of insomnia. I have no plans to follow up on. I'm working on a much longer story right now. This sort of broke up the writer's block on the other one. Sometimes one idea is competing for time with another. Combine that with work and I don't get a lot of writing done. Anyway, enjoy. As always, comments are appreciated.