 I didn't mean to become a superhero. I'd have avoided it if I could, but after I lost my job I didn't see a lot of options.

Maybe I ought to back up a few steps, no doubt you're wondering: who the hell is this guy and what's his problem? Everyone wants to be a superhero, don't they? Maybe everyone except me. I mean of course I saw the Superhero League of America's recruitment videos through high school like everyone else and saw their ads on TV. The ones with Mr. Unshakable in his golden outfit, looking proud and distant, like a Hollywood actor deified.

To be honest, I was always scared. They tell you that the superhero mortality rate is pretty low, that it's no more dangerous than law enforcement and with great benefits. But I never wanted to be a cop either. I didn't want to take any chances. And there was the nature of my power as well...Anyway, my bills were overdue and they'd already turned off my water so I went down to the SLA's main branch and stood in the line and waited for my chance to shine.

It took the better part of the afternoon before I got an interview. There were documents to sign and enough waivers to almost make me reconsider the whole thing, but eventually the interview came.

The interview room was on the small side. A long table with a few chairs on either side. There were windows with the blinds drawn on both sides of the room. I picked a seat at random and waited for my interviewer.

I guess I was expecting someone in full costume to come walking through the door, but instead it was a younger guy in plain clothes. He was maybe just a few years older than me or my age. He wore a deep-purple collared shirt with the sleeves rolled up and a nice, dark pair of jeans. He had one of those haircuts that's impossible without significant maintenance, but had an easy smile to go with it. He locked the door behind him and came over.

"Hi, I'm Justin," he said. Then he pulled out a chair across from me. "And you are?"

"Nick," I replied. I should have added more, but I left it too long so he continued.

"Ok, Nick. Well I'm glad you decided to come down to see us today." He clicked a pen and started jotting notes down on a blank pad. "First things first: what's your ability?"

And here it was, my big moment. My opportunity to amaze my recruiter with the special power that had been my jailer since adolescence. Justin was just looking at me with his handsome smile. I looked away and muttered:

"Pheromones."

"Pardon me?" he asked.

"I can secrete pheromones, I guess. I can control them too. I don't really know how it works. I mean, I can show you, but..."

Justin took a quick note and then gave a nod that was also a half-shrug. "Sure. Go ahead."

"I want to warn you, it might...affect you weirdly."

"Nick, you can relax. I'm the interviewer for a reason. My ability is a kind of cancelling field. If whatever you can do gets too dangerous or if either of us is uncomfortable, I can shut your power off." He snapped abruptly. "Like that."

"Really? I've never —"

"Never heard of a power like that? Yeah, well we try to keep it low-key, it's not exactly the kind of thing you want to advertise when they are villains who might love to take a crack at me, you know?"

I nodded.

"Cool, so whenever you're ready," he said.

No one had ever given me license to use my ability on them. Not that I had told many people about it to begin with. It was weird and vaguely uncomfortable, but he was just smiling and patient and before I knew it I found myself wanting to use it on him. It took a bit of focus, but before long there was a familiar feeling building in my gut. I wasn't sure that it was working until I saw Justin loosen his collar. A strange look came across his face as if he were sensing something bizarre. He took another note, but he seemed distracted. I applied a little more pressure, exerted a little more influence. He stopped writing and looked up at me.

"It is kind of weird," he said, a note of surprise in his voice and something else as well. He added, "I'm not gay, you know."

My heart was racing, but I tried to hide it behind a casual shrug.

"It doesn't matter. My ability works regardless."

He was breathing a little heavier now.

"That must be convenient...with women," he said. His grin was a little bit uncertain now.

I looked at him straight on and gave a little push. Not enough to override his will, but enough to make my intentions clear.

"I wouldn't use it on women," I said, then, "I can stop. If you want."

Justin stood up slowly and looked down. I followed his gaze to his bulging crotch. He looked back at me, a bit embarrassed.

"I can't go into my next interview like this. This is really unprofessional, but..." He reached down and fondled his zipper. "Do you mind?"

My pulse was racing and screaming in my ear. It took a superhuman effort to keep my voice level.

"No, I don't mind. Can I...?"

He nodded slowly. Even still I didn't believe it would happen until he unzipped and reached into his jeans. He pulled out his cock and I sucked in a sharp breath. I couldn't help it. It was like he was using my own power on me. I flushed and fished my own erection out of my khakis.

He started jerking off in earnest, first staring down at his dick and then over at me.

"This is crazy," he said, barely above a whisper, but he didn't stop.

Even with this hot, hung hero standing in front of me jerking his beautiful cock, I could only masturbate furtively in response. Occasionally sneaking a look at him, but for the most part keeping my eyes on my own erection. I couldn't tell whether or not this was real, how could someone really consent if I was using my ability to artificially arouse them? As if to answer my question, Justin groaned. I looked up.

"Do it again. Hit me with it."

"What? You want me to push you harder?"

"C'mon, don't make me beg, man."

"But..."

"If I want it to stop, I can stop it. Just...just do it. It feels...amazing. Please."

I had never gone so far. I had never pushed so hard, but the look on his face was pure ecstasy. He wasn't afraid and I could see now that he wasn't under my control. So I did what he asked. I pushed everything I could to see how far I could go...how much he could take.

He nearly doubled over when the full weight of it struck. He put a hand on the table to steady himself, but never took his other fist off of his dick. His breathing was shallow and his mouth was full of curses.

"I'm so fucking hard. Jesus fucking christ, I'm gonna...fuck. I can't..."

Then he did. He came with his cock pressed right up against the cool steel and his features twisted into both amazement and surprise. It took over a half dozen shots before he shivered and fell back into his chair with his pants around his ankles.

"Do you want to get off too?" He asked, still trying to catch his breath.

I grinned sheepishly and showed him my hand, dripping with sticky cum. Watching him had pushed me over the edge. He laughed and then sighed deeply after.

"So that was...different. It's not the first time I've used an interview room for an afternoon tension relief session, but it's definitely the first time I've done it with someone else watching," he said, and then to himself, "and with another guy...crazy..."

"I'm sorry," I said, the guilt bubbling back up again.

"What? No. You're fine. I just —" Justin put a hand in the air as if he were trying to pull an explanation from it. "It was good and I could have stopped it at any time, but I...Anyway, I'll be happy to recommend you for a position in the SLA. That power could come in handy. Definitely. And with some training, who knows what you'd be able to do."

"Thanks. I appreciate it."

"No problem, Nick. It was my pleasure," he said, with a wink.

After that we cleaned up as best we could and Justin opened the door into the busy hallway. It was exhilarating knowing that there were all these people rushing by just minutes before. As we were leaving, Justin extended his right hand, the hand he'd jerked off with, and we shook with conspiratorial looks in our eyes.

"Welcome to the SLA, Nick. I think you're going to like it here."

I thanked him sincerely and we both walked away. I had only gone a few steps before he called my name. I turned. He was smiling his easy smile again.

"I'm going to request that you train under me, if you don't mind. I think we'd...complement each other."

"I think I'd like that," I replied.

And that, in a nutshell, is how I became a superhero. At least, that's the beginning of it. The rest is a different story. Like how I got my superhero name. Now there's a story...