 ***Part 3 of 12: I just realised my labelling could be confusing; I am counting the prologue as part 1 when I write these little notes :/ sorry... This is the last of my preprepared chapters, so the story will be updated every couple of days from now on. I would love to hear what you think so far please, please comment***

*

"I knew it." Jonathan shook his head and walked past him, not even bothering to look at Martha as he strode down the corridor. 

"Knew what?" Jasper was beside him in an instant, those long strides of his eating up the distance with ease. "How do you know all these things?"

"I knew she couldn't resist meddling in my life, but this...this is pure cunning." Jon was muttering, talking more to himself than Jasper, who was listening to what was being said quite intently as he kept pace beside the shorter man. 

"Who? Who are you talking about? How do you know about my girls?" 

Jonathan stopped walking and turned to face him. "Sarah." His tone was confident and cross and after shaking his head he continued on his way. 

"Sarah? Matt's wife?" 

"Yes. Matt's wife. How many Sarahs do you know?"

 "A few. But that's not the point, Obviously you know Sarah."

"Yes, and obviously we spoke on the phone last week."

"What?" Jasper couldn't believe how bewildering this man was. He was smart and blonde and slim AND gorgeous. And his new boss. To top it all off, he knew about Jasper's daughters. It wasn't that people around the hospital didn't know he had children, they did, But Jasper had worked hard to keep his private life as far away from the hospital world as possible. 

When he'd started dating again two years ago, he'd made a pact with himself to protect the girls as much a possible. He'd started out by not wanting to date anyone who worked at the hospital; but as he spent the majority f his time there-and the rest at home with his twins-he realised it was virtually impossible to meet someone who was not associated in some way with the medical profession. To ensure the girl's were protected he'd, compartmentalized his life and things had been going swimmingly...until now. If Jonathan knew Sarah then his two worlds had just collided with a very loud bang and he wasn't quite sure what to do next. 

"What do you mean we spoke on the phone, when?"

"The other day when you called Sarah's house. The line was bad. Remember?"

"That was you?" His eyebrows shot up in surprise. "Why did you say you were Matt?"

"I didn't. I told you it wasn't Matt but you couldn't hear me."

He nodded, "The line was bad."

"They weren't far from the ward now and Jon was having difficulty slotting Jasper 'call me Eddie' Edwards into a nice, neat compartment. He didn't fit under the 'work colleague' banner, neither did he fit under the 'friend' banner, and in the past those were the only two banners he'd had. Knowing Jasper was a friend of Matt and Sarah's automatically connected his professional and private lives and he didn't like that at all. He needed to get this sorted out and now.

He came to a halt and grabbed Jasper's arm, pulling him into a small nook near the drinking fountain. 

"Look, I don't like it when my professional and private lives mix."

"Neither do I" 

"Good. Then Sarah can just forget her wild ideas and we can simply work together as colleagues and nothing more. Agreed?"

Jasper frowned. "What wild ideas? What are you talking about?" 

"Sarah!"

"I've gathered that much. I've also realised you're the friend who's been staying with Matt and Sarah this past week."

"Yes." It was Jonathan's turn to frown. 

"The girls came home on Thursday, after spending the day with Sarah, talking about Sarah's friend, Jon. I'm guessing you're Jon."

"You really are very smart, DR Edwards. Good to know you can connect the dots so easily." His tone was laced with light sarcasm. 

"Hey! Why are you cross with me? It's just a coincidence, that's all."

"Yes, but one I could have at least prepared myself for."

"You're talking in riddles again." 

"Sarah's been trying to get me to date again..."

Jasper's eyebrows hit his hairline at Jon's words. "Sarah wants to set us up! You're..."

"Yes, now you get the picture." Jonathan looked down at his clenched hands for a moment, then lifted his head, raising his chin with a hint of defiance. Jasper found he liked the action but pushed that thought aside for now. "we were talking about you the other day. After you'd called."

"You were?" Should he be worried? Jonathan had already mentioned that Sarah was trying to set them up. Had Sarah been touting his good points? He waited. 

"I was trying to figure out the loose family connection." Jon waived his words away and shook his head as though a little embarrassed by the confession. "Anyway, I asked her where you worked and she quickly changed the subject. You see she knew I was coming to work here- in this department. She knew you worked here. Why do you think that a woman as bright and intelligent as Sarah wouldn't tell us about each other?"

"I don't know. It slipped her mind?"

"Do you really believe that?" If you do you don't know Sarah all that well." 

"Wait a minute. Why does she want you to start dating again?"

Jonathan visible bristled and squared his shoulders. "That. Is none one your business, DR Edwards." 

"I think it is, especially if I've been chosen as the guy to get you off the blocks." Jasper's good humour was beginning to reassert itself. A flush came to Jon's cheeks at his words, and Jasper realised it caused his boss' eyes to shine a deep dark chocolate brown. His breath caught at the startling contrast between the fair hair and dark eyes, and for a second he wondered what else could make those eyes sparkle. 

"DR Edwards, all you need to know is that I don't date my staff, even if I was ready to 'get off the blocks', as you so eloquently put it. End of discussion." With that Jon turned and walked into the ward, his back firm as he put all thoughts of his new, sexy colleague out of her mind. 

It was easier said than done and he was very aware of Jasper as he undertook his first round of the ward. It was the one time he should be exhibiting total professionalism. He was the new boss. This is what he'd been waiting for so long and now that it was here all that he seemed conscious of was where Jasper Edwards was standing. Jon's senses seemed to have tuned themselves into the other man, and even when Edwards was out of sight, his fresh scent worked his way into Jon's synapses and continued to tease him to distraction. 

Twice he had an intern waiting patiently for him to answer a question. The whole entourage, which was made up of med students, interns, registrars and her fellow consultants -including Jasper- watched her intently, waiting for her words of wisdom. The problem was, he had no idea what the original question had been, all due to his awareness of 'Eddie.' 

Jonathan was cross with himself for not maintaining total control. He's had to freeze out the world before and he could do it again, especially if it mean he avoided making a fool out of himself in front of his staff. Sarah may have thought Jasper Edwards up to the job of melting his hardened heart but Jon knew better. He'd been called the iceman at his old hospital and he wasn't all that perturbed about continuing that name here- especially if it meant that colleagues like Jasper Edwards kept their distance. 

After they'd completed the round, Jonathan was about to head back to his office to take another look at his schedule for the day when the clinical nurse consultant called him over. 

"There's a call for you DR Thornegate."

"Thank you." Jonathan took he receiver to discover it was Martha. 

"Your morning head of unit meeting has been cancelled. Professors Dorian and Fitzgibbon have flu and won't be in."

"It seems to be chasing me," He muttered absentmindedly. 

"Pardon?" Martha asked. 

"It was going around in Melbourne and I managed to avoid it. It doesn't matter. Does this mean I need to head to clinic?"

"Yes, Eddie will show you around if you're not sure where to go."

"Thank you." There was no point in telling his new secretary he wasn't about to rely on 'Eddie' for anything. If he got lost, he'd ask someone else for directions. After all, he was a gay man, and if there was one thing a gay man could do better than a straight man it was ask for directions. 

"I've rebooked you in to have your ID photo taken at one o'clock, which should give you enough time to finish up in clinic," Martha continued. Jonathan listened to his secretary, pleased that Martha was not only highly trained but communicative as well. It was sort of strange having a secretary to himself; as deputy head of unit at his last hospital he'd had to share secretarial support with three other consultants. 

When he'd finished on the phone, Jon closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep, calming breath. His eyes snapped open when that now familiar spicy scent wound itself around his senses once more. 

Without turning around, he said, "Is there something I can help you with, Doctor Edwards?"

"How did you know I was here?" Jasper asked softly.

"I'm good like that." He turned slightly to see Eddie lounging in a chair, his hands fiddling with a pen he'd picked up off the desk. He was handsome. Jon'd give him that. Those eyes of his, which were now watching him intently, were the most amazing colour and Jonathan had the feeling he could lose himself in them quite easily... Bt he was stronger than that. He could quite easily resist. Straightening his shoulders and lifting his chin with a hint of defiance, she waited for him to continue. 

"Better than you were during ward round I hope," he stated with the quirk of an eyebrow. 

His words put Jon on the defensive and he crossed his arms, his tone crisp and concise. "Meaning?"

He put his pen down and lifted his hands, palms facing outward. "Nothing, just teasing."

Jonathan looked down his nose at Jasper, needing to put him in his place; because then he'd hopefully be able to gain better control over his own wayward emotions. "Well, I'd kindly ask you to keep comments such as those to yourself in future." 

"Ah, and there he is. The iceman who terrified med students, interns and registrars in his previous hospital. When I met you this morning I thought Ted McGinchley had been wrong, you were so friendly and charming. Although I guess id someone is rubbing you the wrong way you're bound to be in a defensive mode sooner rather than later."

"Let me guess, you enjoy rubbing people up wrong way. Sparing a reaction and then having a good chuckle about it later."

"I don't chuckle about it. Sometimes though, ruffling a few feathers makes life a little more exciting, don't you think?" Jasper's look was direct, his gaze unwavering, and Jonathan found himself unable to move for a moment. His mind also seemed to have been wiped plank yet again and he had no idea what they had been talking about. he needed to gain control again and fast. 

"Well, if you don't want anything, I'll head up to the clinic." He turned and walked toward the ward doors, thanking the CNC on his way out. Jon feels it the second Jasper's long strides close the distance between them. Damn him for being so tall.

"I thought you had a meeting."

"It's been cancelled."

"Right." They fell into an uncomfortable silence as they walked along the corridor toward clinic. Jasper wasn't quite sure why he'd been teasing Jonathan. He guessed it wasn't good to antagonise the man who could give the green light to certain projects he was contemplating. As an ortho-consultant, Jasper was one of two full-time surgeons employed full-time at the PA. Jonathan was the other. Usually consultants spent a certain number of hours at the hospitals and the rest at their private practices, but as Jasper's main interest was trauma medicine, working at an hospital full time gave him the opportunity to become an orthopedic trauma specialist. Jonathan, however, was now in control of his department s budget so he'd do well to remember that.

He knew on a psychological level that he should try to distance himself from his boss. He'd hear from his colleague in Melbourne that Jonathan Thornegate didn't care about anything except his work. It was no wonder he'd been expecting a fire breathing dragon, and he was still trying to get over his initial surprise at the way Jonathan had smiled and laughed with him earlier that morning. He'd been even more surprised to discover he'd liked the way his new boss had look; a slim fair Nordic looking blonde with inexplicably deep dark eyes that had sparkled with mirth. Jasper had been instantly drawn to him; and damn, that sizzle he had felt helping Thornegate into his coat would not be forgotten anytime soon. 

Jasper had been further intrigued to learn not only about the connection with Sarah and Matt, but that Sarah was trying to get Jonathan to date again. Again? What had happened in Jonathan's past to make that a necessity? Had he lost someone close to him? Jasper, of all people, knew what it was like to feel the agony of losing a loved one and relying on work to get you through, but he also knew it was important to get back into life, or you could end up losing yourself. If he hadn't had the twins, he wasn't sure he would have survived Eric's death, but he'd had to go on living -raising his beautiful girls- and he was glad he had. Sure, it wasn't easy, but life was about the journey, not about rushing to the end. 

However, much he was intrigued by the new head of unit, he'd do well to keep the relationship strictly professional. Jonathan had met his daughters. There was nothing he could do about that; Jasper might even see him from time to time at the many BBQs and big family gatherings that Sarah loved to organise, and he could deal wit that, too. But that would be the extent of their personal contact and if DR Thornegate was going to freeze him out, well Jasper might just let him. 

They entered the clinic without another word spoken between them, as though they had both been making firm resolutions and were now intent on keeping them. Jasper politely introduced Jon to the outpatient clerical staff as well as the nursing staff and then picked up a file and called his first patient though. 

Clinic was busy as Jonathan had expected and he was glad he'd been able to help rather than being stuck in a meeting. The only glimpse he had of Jasper was when he was escorting a patient into his consulting room while Jon had been escorting one out. 

"Professional" he whispered to himself as he went to have his ID photo taken. He could handle anything as long as he maintained a professional persona. 

It was well after seven o'clock when Jon finally swapped his lab coat for his winter coat and scarf. He had a briefcase full of work to keep him company that even ing and was ready to head back to Matt and Sarah's place.

As he walked to the front of the hospital, he hear someone call his name and turned to see DR Edwards heading in his direction. He prepared himself for the next onslaught of what Jasper was called teasing. Jon hoped he wouldn't; he was worn out and just wanted to be left alone. What he hadn't expected were the tingles that assailed his body as Jasper drew closer; he tried to ignore them and went on the defensive. 

"Dr Edwards." He nodded curtly. "Forgot to say something else this morning? Perhaps an extra insult you wanted to get off your chest before you left for the night so you could sleep in peace?"

'Ooh, and there's that sarcasm of yours. Right in my face and making me want to say something to definitely rub you the wrong way."

Jonathan stared defiantly up at the taller man for a moment then the tension seemed to flood out of both of them and they laughed. "I'm sorry." He said shaking his head. 

"I am too. I guess I didn't make it easy for you today." 

Jonathan shrugged. "I've had worst first days." He pointed to the briefcase Jasper held, "You're a bit late to be heading home." 

"It happens, are you heading to your car?"

"Yes."

"I'll walk you."

"I hardly need to be escorted Eddie..."

"Humour me OK? This is a city hospital and its late at night." Touched by his concern, Jonathan nodded and walked through the glass doors with the taller man. 

"At least it not raining." He tried to make small talk. 

"I guess coming form Melbourne where it drizzles all day long in winter, Sydney might be seen as an improvement."

"I guess but I remember quite well what NSW winters are like."

"Of course, I keep forgetting you know your way around here." Jasper paused then asked, "Is that how you know Sarah? She only said she had an old friend staying with her," he added. 

"We've been friends since high school, we dated for about a month"

Jasper laughed "Really?! How did that work out for you?"

Jon rolled his eyes "Exactly as you're thinking. With both of us being 100% sure I wasn't was programmed for appreciating girls ugh... sexually. Sarah is still proud that she has a starring role in my coming out story" 

"God, that's so like her. She calls you Jon most of the time right?"

"Yes."

"Do you prefer Jonathan or Jon?"

"Jonathan at work. Only my closest friends call me Jon."

Jasper nodded but didn't make any further comment. Jonathan pointed to a blue Jaguar Mark II. "That's me."

"This is your car?"

"I just said as much. Why? What's wrong?"

"It's just that...well...I wouldn't have pegged you as one who... What I mean to say is you don't look like the type who...Shit, I don't know, its unexpected thats all."

Jonathan looked archly at Jasper, somehow managing to look down at him despite only reaching his shoulder. 

"Are you saying that my car out butches me, DR Edwards? I expected a little more from you."

"Yes, I mean no. I mean...Yes, I should know better; and no your car does not 'out butch you' - God, Jonathan I'm so sorry. That came out completely wrong."

"Don't worry, I'm teasing. I'm used to that sort of reaction."

"Have you had it long?"

"About eight years." He took a deep breath, down at the ground then met Jasper's eyes, noticing the car park's artificial lighting accentuating the doctor's angular jaw and straight nose. "It belonged to my lover. He died of cancer." There. It was out. Jon had learned to say the words matter-of-factly, removing all emotion whenever he bought up Arturo. 

Jasper nodded slowly. "Why are you telling me this?" He asked softly, "I thought you liked to keep your private life private."

"I do, but let's face it Jasper. Sarah seems intent on getting the two of us together so no doubt she's planning some party or event soon and we'll be forced to mix. She'll also let slip details about my past, just as she told me about yours."

"So you've said."

"It was only the basics. She probably thinks that just because we're gay and we've both lost someone to cancer, that we're just made for each other."

Jasper scratched his head. "She thinks that grief can bring people together?"

"You know Sarah. Her mind works in a way that is still a mystery to most top neurologists." 

Jasper smiled at that, hearing in his voice the love that Jonathan obviously had for his friend. "And this is why she wants you to start dating again? Because you drive your deceased lover's car?"

Jonathan had to smile. "It's not just the car."

"It shouldn't be. It's an amazing car."

"It's a gas guzzler." He stroked the bonnet lovingly. "But I don't begrudge one single cent."

"Let me guess. It makes you feel close to him?"

"Art. Arturo- that was his name- and yes, it does."

Jasper nodded. "I'm like that with my bedroom. My partner decorated it in his own special style-he was an artist. Even now, three years later, even though I know I've moved on emotionally, I still love being in that room."
