 It was one of the hottest summers on record and I was glad I could use my parent's swimming pool to keep cool. I was spending the month of August looking after my mom and dad's home while they were touring Europe, so I took advantage of the pool whenever I could.

My routine was to swim 40 laps every day so I would be ready for the upcoming swim team tryouts when I returned for my second year of college in the Fall (and, I have to admit, I was damn proud of my lean, fit swimmer's body and enjoyed keeping myself in shape). I was probably the best swimmer on the team, but coach made everyone take part in the tryouts just so we all kept in top condition.

I had just finished doing my 40 laps when I decided to take a break and pop open an ice-cold beer. As I stretched out on a lounge chair to enjoy my beer, I noticed that I was being watched by my parent's next-door neighbor, Jim.

He was sitting on his second-floor balcony pretending to read a book, but I could see that he was spending more time looking at me than he was looking at the book. A smile crossed my face as I thought, "Gee, maybe he likes the skimpy thong swimwear I'm wearing."

I stood up to lather some suntan oil over my body, being sure to let my hands move very slowly, especially over my ass. You see, I actually knew Jim pretty well, you might even say I knew him intimately, and I also knew that one of his favorite things in life, if not his favorite thing, was a fit, young male body. Yes, Jim was gay and we had a bit of a history.

It was the summer of my 18th birthday when I first realized that Jim was gay. I had just finished high school and was spending the summer months doing yard work and odd jobs for neighbors, including Jim, in order to earn extra spending money. As I stretched back on the lounge chair, my mind drifted back to that past summer.

----------

I had just finished mowing Jim's lawn and knocked on his rear door to let him know I was done and it was time to pay me. He called out from inside, "Hey Jonny, come on in and I'll be with you in a minute."

I opened the door and walked in. The room was a large den, with a TV in one corner and several couches and easy chairs positioned for viewing. The light was dim, with a soft red hue filtering across the room. I heard soft music and some sounds I didn't recognize at first. As my eyes scanned the room they were drawn to the source of the sounds I was hearing.

On the large TV screen was a slim young guy being caressed by an older man. The blonde-haired kid was probably 5'10", his body was smooth and well-tanned, even quite muscular for one so young. The older guy was stroking the young guy's hard rigid cock with one hand, while his other hand was guiding a cock-shaped vibrator to caress the crack of his ass.

I stood there, mesmerized by what I was watching, even feeling aroused a bit, as I watched the older guy bend down to take the young guy's cock to his mouth and start licking, then sucking, first slowly, then more rapidly. The kid's body began to writhe in excitement as his cock was being stroked and the vibrator was being thrust into his ass. His body stiffened as he released his orgasm into the guy's eager mouth.

Damn, I had never seen anything like that before, never even thought about anything like it, but I could feel my cock bulging against my shorts. As I reached down to pull my shorts away from my body a bit to give my cock more "growing" room, I heard Jim chuckling softly behind me.

"Enjoying the show, Jonny?" Jim had been watching me from an inner doorway. "Sure seems like you enjoyed it," he said with a grin, as he walked up to me and let his hand move over the front of my shorts.

"No, no, I just had never seen anything like that before. I guess maybe it got me a little excited, but, no, I like girls, not boys, Mr. P."

"Hey, don't worry about it, Jonny, sex is sex, and just because you found the show a bit exciting doesn't mean anything. You just enjoyed watching people have sex, nothing wrong with that." 

His hand pushed a little harder against my shorts, first the front, then the back. I pushed his hand off my body and took a step away. "Hey, I just came in to get paid, Mr. P., nothing more."

"Sure, Jonny, I'm sorry. Don't mean to be pushy. Thanks for mowing the lawn, and especially thanks for wearing those short shorts. You look so good in them." He smiled at me as he patted me on the back and pulled out his billfold to take out the two twenty dollar bills he owed me. "You know, I'd be happy to pay you double this if you do something else for me."

"Really? What else do you want me to do, Mr. P?"

"Well, first of all, don't call me Mr. P when you're in my den. Call me 'Daddy,' like everybody else does when they're down here. Second, slip off that t-shirt and shorts and whatever you're wearing underneath the shorts. Let me see you naked, Jonny. That's all, just let me admire your naked body."

"Man, you are strange , Mr. P. I'm not gay, you know."

"Hey, you don't have to be gay to just let me look at you, Jonny. C'mon, it's not so bad. Just imagine you're at the school gym getting ready for a shower. In fact you can even take a shower after we're done. You'll double your money and, who knows, you might even like it."

I had to admit it was a tempting offer. Just slip my clothes off and I'd get an extra 40 bucks. There couldn't be much harm in that. "Well, I guess I could do it, Mr. P...er, Daddy," I said as I pulled my t-shirt off. I unsnapped my shorts and let them fall to the floor.

Standing there in my jockey underwear I could see that Daddy was enjoying the view a lot. I was a bit hesitant to show him my semi-rigid cock, thinking he might get the wrong idea, but then I thought "what the hell, what harm could it do." I slowly slid the underwear down my legs, bending down to pull them off. "Is this what you want, Daddy?"

Daddy had moved closer. I knew he wanted me, I knew he thought I had a hot body, and I was enjoying the sexual excitement. He gently placed his hand on my shoulder, then let it move slowly down my back, massaging, exploring. While one hand moved down my back, the other reached around to just slightly rub the tip of my cock. I knew I had to stop this or it would go a lot further than I wanted. I stepped away a bit, but my cock was getting harder. I was nervous, a bit afraid, but I also was enjoying the touch of Daddy's hands.

"Er, wait, wait, that's far enough Daddy. You said you wanted to see me, that's all. You're doing more than that. Now give me the extra 40 bucks."

"Sure, Jonny," Daddy said as he reached to pull two more twenties from a pile of cash he had placed on a table. He pushed the twenties onto my cock, rubbing up and down the shaft. "You know, Jonny, I'll give you even more money if you let me touch you for awhile. Just let me enjoy the feel of your young, hot, body." He was close to me now, his hand on my ass, pulling me closer. He was obviously very excited. "Do it, kid, do it. You'll love it. I promise, you'll love it."

I was excited, too. I knew I shouldn't be doing this, but I also knew I was enjoying the hell out of it. Daddy's hand was moving up and down the shaft of my cock, which had grown to its full 7-inch length. I realized there was no turning back, I was beyond the point of stopping. "Okay, Daddy, more money sounds good and your touch makes me feel good, so keep it up. Touch me all you want."

Daddy turned me toward him as he leaned forward to bring his face closer to my body. With both hands on my ass, he let his mouth move down my chest and abdomen. He moved to his knees, letting his tongue touch the tip of my throbbing cock. Licking at first, then taking me in his mouth, he began sucking, first slowly, then with more passion as my body began writhing, moving with the growing sexual tension that was gradually taking over my entire body. I had never felt this much sexual frenzy before, I wanted to open my entire body to all the touching he could give me.

"Of fuck, Daddy, don't stop, don't stop, do it, do it...suck it, suck it...ahhhhhh....don't sto....." My cock was exploding in spasms of orgasm, my cum spurting into Daddy's eager mouth; Daddy was swallowing as much as he could, but the overflow dripped down his face.

"Oh, god, Jonny, you are so fucking sexy, absolutely beautiful. I love your cum. Here, taste it, lick some off me." He moved his face up near my face, putting one hand on the back of my neck, guiding me toward his mouth. "Lick it, Jonny, lick it, taste your cum."

I let my tongue reach out to lick some of the ooze off Daddy's face, tasting myself, feeling Daddy's other hand stroking my cock. As I licked the cum off his chin, Daddy brought his tongue toward mine, touching, licking, then forcing his tongue inside my mouth, licking, kissing, deep, passionate kissing. I felt myself responding, pressing back against Daddy's mouth, pulling Daddy close as orgasm began shaking his body.

We collapsed onto the sofa and lay there without talking or moving for several minutes. Daddy interrupted the silence. "How about cleaning up with a shower, Jonny? I've got a very nice shower room." Daddy took my hand and led me across the room to a bathroom door.

Looking inside, I saw a large bathroom with a glass-doored shower room along the entire side of the 15-foot room. Three shower heads could be seen through the glass door, each equipped with a detachable hose. "Wow, some shower room you've got, Daddy."

"Let me show you how much fun it can be to take a shower, Jonny." Daddy reached to turn one of the showers on and adjust the temperature as he guided me slowly under the streaming water. He rubbed soap over my body and gently scrubbed me from head to toe. Then he removed the shower head from its overhead mount and brought the pulsing water closer to my body. He twisted the nozzle to its "pulse" setting and let the water start throbbing over my body. He brought the pulsing water down to my cock and let the water beat there until my cock was in full erection again.

"You're a sexy guy, Jonny, to get an erection so soon after having sex. I admire your stamina." Then, while he gently rubbed my cock, he guided the pulsing water to my back. I could feel the beating water move down my back, then over my ass. As I began to join him in stroking my cock, Daddy directed the pulsing water around my ass.

"Like it, Jonny? Like the feel of the throbbing on your ass?" My only response was to moan a bit and bend over to spread my ass cheeks and let the water pulse over my anus. Daddy's tongue moved down my back, then to my ass, licking and kissing.

By this time, I was going wild, thrilling to a touch I had never felt before, moaning, gyrating my hips as Daddy slowly brought me to my knees, using one hand to stroke my cock, the other to squirt a stream of KY jelly in the crack of my ass.

Taking a dildo from a shelf, he switched it to vibrate and slowly inserted it into my asshole, slowly, firmly, gently pushing it in, then letting it out a bit, then in, then out, letting the vibrations excite my ass, while his other hand continued stroking my cock.

I was groaning with pleasure as Daddy moved around to take my cock in his mouth. Just as he approached the head of my cock, it exploded in orgasm again, spewing cum into Daddy's mouth. Daddy's open mouth eagerly took my cock into his mouth, licking and sucking all that remained.

---------

"Wow, what a memory," I thought, waking from my reverie of that first and only gay experience. My parents were around most of that past summer so I didn't see much more of Daddy after that initial experience. I knew I had enjoyed the hell out of it, but when I went back to school I stayed focused on what most guys my age were focusing on--girls.

Now, here was Daddy again, watching me spread oil over my body and giving me the thrill of having my body lusted after. I couldn't resist sliding my thong down over my hard cock, slipping it down my legs and off. As I lay back down on the lounge chair, fully naked and stroking myself, knowing how much Daddy was enjoying the show, I was interrupted by the sound of my cell phone.

It was Daddy. "Jonny, I'm really enjoying watching you. It makes me want to get together to talk about old times. Why don't you come over to join a little party I'm having Saturday night. I'd love to introduce you to some of my friends."