 Chapter 3 - Meet The Family

I awoke with the dawn's light streaming through the bedroom windows. The Friday sunrise was glorious. Tamam spooning me, we both were afflicted with the curse of morning wood. Naturally his was far more pronounced and currently resting between my butt cheeks, like a foot long hot dog in a coney roll. I slowly turned my head to look his reflection in the mirrored canopy. I couldn't believe how beautiful he was when he was asleep. 

Suddenly, I was hit with series of realizations, so many firsts. Naturally being in bed with another guy was new. Being butt naked, I always wore pajamas or at least underwear and a t-shirt. Muscle aches were kinda new as well. I was expecting the soreness in my backside from being deflowered. I dismissed all of it as the price for last night's passion. 

My giant moved, was he waking up? I heard a low guttural groan, as his hips ground into mine. He began dry humping me using my butt cheeks for friction. My man needed release. His eyes were closed as his pace quickened. Occasionally a string of words came from his lips. His dream must have been highly erotic based on the words I understood. The sheer volume of pre-cum oozing onto my lower back was a good clue. He said my name, he was dreaming of me! 

His massive arm that was just draped over me a few moments ago now took possession of me. Pulling me tighter against his body, after 5 minutes his body shook. As his cum sprayed against my back and his stomach I saw his eyes open as he cursed in Arabic. I rolled over and kissed him. "Tamam! Curses after such a beautiful way to awake?" Damn, even with morning breath he tasted good. He started apologizing for his mess. I put my finger to his lips, "Beloved, you were in need of release. I was pleased to help you." He smiled and softly kissed me. "I confess, I was more than a little tempted to try backing onto it. But, I am very sore. Add to that, I am paying for missing my gym work outs."

"Jono, you have been running every day. I have been watching. What gym work outs are you missing?"

"Nessa, is my gymnastics partner. We were told we couldn't work out together in either of the base or hotel gymnasiums"

"I will find a way to change that. For now we must clean up. We have a long day. What would you like for breakfast?"

"Mishi waraq enab, and kanafa? If not, I will be happy with porridge and a pastry. Oh, and coffee, please!"

"Jono, you are too easily please." As he picked up the phone he pointed to the en-suite bathroom. As I passed through the doorway I heard him pass on my breakfast order of stuffed grape leaves and fried phyllo dough with cheese.

The master bath was configured in, what I would later learn continental European fashion, just on a grander scale. An oversized jetted tub was against the far wall. It was tempting but, I got the idea we were pressed for time. There was an equally huge shower. I however, had more pressing concerns. The voice in my head was screaming, "Where the hell is the toilet?!?" I was performing a frustrated pee-pee dance and eyeing the sink when Tamam entered. He laughed and opened what I thought was a linen closet. Contained in the smaller room was a toilet and bidet. I sat having an urgent need to poop. It burned as the contents of my guts hit the bowl. I had just flushed and after familiarizing myself with the jets, I straddled the bidet. 

Tamam entered he had morning business to accomplish as well. When he finished draining his magnificent trouser snake he turned to face me and lean against the wall. "I only wish to admire my pretty boy." I blushed and finished my task. I stood and bent to turn off the water. Then Tamam told me to stop. There were traces of blood in the basin. He took me out to the sink had me face it. He then bent and spread my butt cheeks and began examining my hole. More Arabic curses from Tamam.

"What did I do Tamam? I am sorry if I have done something wrong. Let me know and I will never do it again."

Tamam stood behind me and looked at me in the mirror, wrapping his arms around me. "Sweet Jono, it was I who erred, it looks as if I tore you a bit. Why didn't you tell me you were hurting?"

"I thought it was normal. Remember, I have a high tolerance for pain." I rubbed my scar. 

He kissed the back of my head, and reached for a tube of hydrocortisone cream. He squeezed out a bit onto his finger then rubbed it into the tear. It was so soothing, the itching ended. "When the pain returns, and every time you bathe, or empty your bowels apply more." He then smacked my ass HARD. "Next time tell me you are hurt first!" He spun me around and sat me on the counter. Kissing me passionately I found myself getting hard. There was an odd feeling in my prick; it felt almost like I was peeing. I dropped my left hand from his back to cover my tiny member. Tamam grabbed my hand and stepped back just on time to see the tiniest drop of clear fluid emerge from the end of my cock. 

"I am sorry Tamam; I tried to hold it in." I haven't had peed myself in years.

He wiped the fluid from my slit then rubbed it between his thumb and forefinger and inhaled the scent. "This is not piss; it looks as if someone's body may be catching up with his years." He stuck his damp finger against my lips. I allowed it to slide in. The taste was sweeter than Tamam's but it was definitely cum. How could this be? While I wasn't told it would never happen, I was told that it would be highly unlikely to ever occur. I wonder what else that urologist could be wrong about.

We showered together we scrubbed and lathered each other. I saw Tamam's cock twitch and started to reach for it. He stopped me saying we did not have time to play and playfully swatted my butt. I put out my pouty lip, which earned me my usual kiss and cuddle. 

We emerged from the shower and dried each other and were about to reenter the bedroom. Tamam pointed to the counter at the tube of medication, then extended his index finger and made a wiping gesture. I blushed as he left the leaving me alone to apply my medication to my aching back end. To my surprise when I entered the room, there was an entire new outfit laid out on the bed. Camel colored trousers and a light grey long sleeved shirt. I knew it was mine because there's no way on Earth he could fit into it. Here I was ready to do the walk of shame. His tailor was really that good. "Tamam, they must have worked all night. Was this why the first outfit was ready so fast? To ensure my measurements were correct?"

"You think of the oddest things. Yes, they probably did work through the night. Yes, the first was the test. Jono, I paid them very well for this service, and they are grateful for my continued patronage."

"I'm sorry; I'm normally on an off-the-rack kind of guy. Sadly, that rack is more often than not in the kids section." Tamam smiled and rubbed my head again. Apparently his rubbing my head is going to be our thing, when I make (what is to him) a silly comment.

We dressed and passed through the living room and out on to the lower terrace. Two covered trays were sitting on the table. After sitting where he gestured, I lifted the lid on my tray His kitchen staff even remembered what I forgot to ask for, yogurt and pita on the side. I found myself thinking, "The kingdom must pay its junior officers very well."

"Tamam how is it your cook knew to have the fixings for Mishi waraq ready? I know it takes more than an hour just to cook, that's not even including prep time. I know because I make it. I was expecting the porridge."

"Is it unwelcome? A good host knows the needs and preferences of his guest, long before they are needed." He smiled slyly as he continued, "I forgot to mention. Your foster mother would like you to call more often."

"Tam, its kinda creepy asking everyone in my life questions about me. Here I am, I know almost nothing about you. I know you pulled my service jacket. I know you've talked to both of my past supervisors in some depth. Now I know you've talked to my foster parents. If I were to query the state of Florida would I find that you had accessed my family's records? As I said, kinda creepy."

"My young Jono, a man in my position must protect himself. I know there's no avarice in you. I know I can trust you, and now I hope to prove that you may trust me. Please eat sweet boy, my family is eager to meet you." 

I couldn't believe he told them about me. I'm nothing special, nothing at all. We ate our breakfast told some jokes. He teased me about my sugary dessert. We went back to the bathroom to brush teeth and run one last comb through our hair. I was surprised to see that he actually had a toothbrush for me. I would have been a little happier had it not been a toothbrush bearing a children's TV character. Then Tamam splashed on some of that magnificent cologne. I wanted to roll all over him, like a cat in catnip, to transfer his scent onto myself. I wished I had remembered to snag the bottle of matching scent Vanessa got for me.

"Do you even have to shave, little one?"

"Remember my blessing and curse? I guess that kinda goes on the blessing side. My sergeant in boot camp always admired how clean my safety razor was. Then day fifteen he opened it and saw there was no blade. Then the baby face jokes started. As if I needed a reminder of how tiny I am, or how young I look, or how no one takes me seriously. I really hate that shit." 

The look on his face, I had wounded him. I reached up resting my hand on his cologne dampened face. "Tam, my sweet, I know you mean it playfully. I know there is no malice from you but, I must be honest, I am not fond of it." I held up my children's toothbrush. "Although I look like a child, I am a man. Even without the beard, that may never be able to grow, or hair one between my legs." I wiped my hand, and his scent, across my naked jaw line and neck. "I am however, the man who longs to be with you."

He bent and kissed me passionately, "It was not my intent to cause injury. I was not thinking, for that I am very sorry. Thank you for letting me know. I know you are a man, but in our culture you are still thought of as a child even at your age. Facial hair is often a sign of manhood." 

Unconsciously, I started combing my hair into its usual military styled part on the side. Tamam scowled and squirted a bit mouse into his hands and mussed up my hair again. Taking the brush from my hand he brushed my hair vertical again. "It really does look better this way litt-- (he stopped himself), Jono."

I flung my arms around him and tiptoed to kiss his neck. He was trying. "Thank you, Tamam. Nessa offered to shape it up a bit better so it is easier to maintain when I get back."

"Perhaps we can have a spa day and take care of it on Sunday." I fell in behind him as he strode through the suite to the elevator. "Tam, how long will we be gone?"

"I will have you back at the hotel Sunday evening. So you have a good night's sleep to start the week. I know your boss can be demanding." He winked.

"Don't we need to pack, or are we coming back tonight?" 

He sighed and dropped his head, "Jono, I have prepared very well for you. You have nothing to worry about."

I dropped my head again. I knew he was proud and my questioning him hurt his ego, "Ana asef ma kan azdi ejrahak" (I'm sorry; I didn't mean to hurt you).

He summoned the elevator, and then kissed me softly on the forehead. "I am uninjured. I must remind myself you are new to all this. You have cared for yourself and others for so long it is difficult to release control, and have someone take care of you. I heard the affection you had for your foster parents in your voice, so I accessed your emergency contact information and called them. Initially I was just concerned about you as one of MY people. The more I talked to the Ghorbani family; I knew I had fallen in love with you. Afsoon told me how you would go without sleep for days if one of the other children was ill. Caring for them all night, and working the ranch all day. Jono, she told me you abandoned your childhood when you lost your Uncle." He cupped my cheek, "That sweet boy is tragic. I want this weekend to be all about caring and nurturing you. It is not pity, it is care and love."

The doors to the elevator opened and we rode down to the parking garage. He led me to a black SUV with dark tinted windows. He helped me into the vehicle. The soft leather seats were almost pillow soft. As I watched Tamam walk around the SUV, I saw the tops of 5 or 6 pieces of luggage. My little voice in my head said, "Damn he's good."

We exited the garage and reentered the controlled carnage that is Saudi traffic.

We headed south out of the city on Al Kharj Road. As we passed through the city of Al Kharj I turned to Tamam, "Why am I starting to believe regardless of where I ended up you would be there?" He continued driving smiling knowingly. I admired the farms that popped up along the road so odd being in the middle of a desert country and seeing green. How they controlled the water and made the desert bloom was impressive. "Will we be swinging by the FACP to see Sasquatch?"

"It was not planned but if you would like this, I will stop." I shook my head no. I wanted as much alone time with my man. He continued "We must detour south. I change my route each time I travel, and there is trouble on 522 I wish to avoid. You will love our little home in the Al-Umran." I could see the bulge rising and shifting in his trousers. He was occasionally tugging at it, trying to put it in a better less binding position. My man needed release and relief again. I slid the seat belt behind me and leaned over gently stroking his crotch through his trousers.

"You need help with this, may I try?" He smiled and nodded my left hand reached over and loosened his belt, while the right continued its task of playing with the throbbing member through the soft material. I unbuttoned his top button and slowly lowered his fly. I slid my right hand and stroked his cock through his sheer tight jockeys. I was tempted to return the favor of last night's amorous adventures and rip the sheer fabric from his hips. I was not sure how he would feel about going commando the rest of the trip. I chose to be good and slowly slid his long fat member from its silky prison. I wrapped my right hand around it and slowly gave it a few gentle tugs. I leaned further over, licking his bulbous head. 

I had apparently been going too slowly because Tamam put his right hand on the back of my head and slowly drove my mouth onto his cock. Note to self this was about his pleasure. No dawdling if my man needed release. I sucked and slid my mouth up and down the end of the shaft. I was slowly trying to slide more and more of it into my willing mouth. I knew it would never fit all the way in but I was going to give it one hell of a try. I tried my humming trick to get more and more of him inside my throat. But it was an odd angle and I could not overcome the gag reflex. So I would slowly slide my right hand up and down the portion of the shaft that I could not fit inside my mouth while I sucked the end, for all that it was worth. I liked my new mouth toy. I used my left hand to play with his massive orbs, dangling below his penis. 

Eventually I got into a good rhythm of tugging and pulling on his ball sack while stroking him with my hand and mouth. He was groaning in pleasure. This went on for about 10 to 15 minutes I do believe we may have gone off the road a couple times. But I didn't care I wanted to taste him. Not just the precum, I wanted his entire load in my mouth. I felt his cock twitch I knew he was close and I buried as much of it in my mouth as I could as he exploded. I swallowed as fast as I could, but there was a little seepage. I couldn't contain it all. It was salty and earthy and him. I licked and nibbled until he was clean and then he reached down and wiped the little dribble of cum that was dripping down my cheek and swept it back into my mouth as I sucked his finger clean. Then I tucked his penis back into his jockeys, slowly slid his fly up, buttoned his pants, and tighten his belt. Giving his now drained member a soft pat I asked, "Did I do that right?"

"Oh sweet Jono, if you had done any more 'right' we would have ended up in the ditch. Now sit up and put your seat belt back on. We have more driving to do. Thank you my sweet boy." He leaned over and kissed my head. I felt overwhelming pride in my accomplishment.

As the miles clicked by, I became very relaxed eventually doing what I had never done in 8 years. I fell asleep in a moving car. I awoke to the sound of Tamam announcing "We are here." We entered the gate with his family's name stretched across the sign over the drive.

"Tamam, how much does your family know about me? How should I act?"

"They know you are special to me. They will care for you as I do. Just be yourself Jono. Both the Banks and the Ghorbani families are well known and admired here."

The light bulb suddenly went on when I saw the family crest on the banner over the drive... "You are of THAT Hassan family?!? Hassan Al-Umran Stables! Your family bought my white filly Juno three years ago! Do you still have her? Is she doing well? Has she foaled yet? Is Naser a cousin, or a brother?" Now I had done it, I went full kid at Christmas on him. I do believe I saw a glint of panic in his eyes, which I took as my queue to shut up. 

"Did I not tell you 'YOU' were known to my family?" I nodded yes. "Naser is my younger brother." Now I understood why Tamam looked so familiar he shared his brother's eyes and jaw. "He still has Juno, although we now call her Habeeba Al-Umran Hassan. Arabian horses should not be named after Roman gods. As to the rest of your questions I will leave those to him. Naser manages the equine side of the family businesses." 

My pouty lip slid out. "She wasn't named after the 'goddess.' I was there when she was born. She had to fight to come into this world, like I did. I was alone in the stable when her mother Fajera (Wicked One) came to foal. It was a difficult birth. Afsoon was out at another ranch on an emergency call, and the stable hand was in town picking up a feed order. I had to practically drag Juno out of her mother, or we would have lost both of them. Merhadad named her in honor of me. I can understand the confusion though. Juno is a dumb name, 'Beloved' is much better for a beautiful filly."

"Neither Juno, or Jono are dumb. I will have to tell Naser that story. My father tells me your mother's family raised thoroughbred horses, but Merhadad told me you preferred the Arabians why?"

"It's silly." Tamam pulled to the side of the drive, and rested his hand on my thigh. "Damn you can be stubborn. Okay, I love their faces. Daddy used to say 'Arabians look like they needed to be fitted with water wings.' I like how their heads look like sea horses, and how they float across the grass when they run. Riding one is almost like flying. The Arabian is just more graceful. I told you it was silly."

"It is not silly, Jono. You simply understand." He kissed my forehead and began driving to the compound.

"Tamam, when did you know who I was?"

He laughed "Sweet Jono, how many brilliant, cello playing, small blonde boys lived with Iranian born foster parents who breed Arabian horses in Fluffy Landing, Florida?" I blushed and laughed at my own foolish question.

We pulled into a walled compound and stopped. Our car doors were opened by staff. As I exited I told him thank you. He looked at me surprised and closed the door. Tamam put his arm around my shoulder and warned me to refrain from thanking the staff.

"I am sorry Tamam. You can take the boy out of the south, but never the reverse. The way I was raised, when someone is of service you, say thank you. I will try to do it your way." He smiled and hugged me close. 
