 Chapter 8 - To The Hospital

When I woke up I had been returned to the master bedroom. I do not understand how this man can be so sneaky. I was surprised to see him walking into the bathroom. Clearly Tam wanted me to sleep in, and enjoy the morning off. I just enjoyed watching him walk away. 

Sleeping in was not in the cards, the phone rang. Tamam turned and saw that I was awake and reaching for the phone. I looked at him and smiled. I picked up the bedside extension the alarm clock said 05:06. I gave a friendly good morning. 

It was Dr. Connor, "Jono, glad I got you. Put the request in on you for the vascular study last night before turning in. Damn boy, your name opens doors. Have you had anything to eat or drink since we last saw each other?" I told him no "Good, you have a 0900 appointment at King Faisal Specialist Hospital. I can pick you up if you need me to."

"That would probably not be possible sir. There are security concerns. I'll start working it on this end. I know the drill nothing to eat or drink from this point on. Will you be there or will I be dealing with Saudi doctors."

"No Jono, you are my patient and I will be there with you throughout. I will meet you at the front desk. Remember Jono, this is precautionary only nothing to worry about. Oh, wear loose clothing, and no jewelry." 

After thanking the doctor I hung up and called Agent Ramirez and went secure. I asked if he or the Saudis arrange my transportation. "Jono, transportation and security for you is all on the host nation. I just got briefed that you're going to the hospital this morning. I hope it's nothing serious."

"I have been told it's just precautionary. For a few minutes I lost the use of my legs. It was probably related to a fall I had earlier this weekend. The doctor just wants to be thorough."

"You have had a truly crappy week."

"It's not all that bad. In my life the good often comes with a little bad. Sorry you got surprised, I just found out about the appointment four minutes ago. I am trying to keep you guys informed. I don't suppose you have a person on your team who has a TS-SCI clearance with access to NATO Cosmic data?"

"Surprise is part of the gig. Captain Nelson and I both have that clearance and access. I take it you're going to need a chaperone."

"I prefer the term escort. But security regulations do require an observer while I am an under general anesthesia for the procedure. With the Captain Nelson taking care of the General's visit I guess that leaves you. Once I confirm your clearance with the Captain of course."

"See you in about an hour Jono." The phone gave an electronic chirp to let me know that it was out of secure mode and I hung up. I wandered into the bathroom and brought Tam up to speed. Then I waddled down the hallway to the Captain's room to do the same. 

When the door opened I saw Reza face down with a limb tethered to each post of the bed with a pillow propping his cum dripping ass in the air. I looked at the Captain and thought to myself, 'bondage, nope, never, it won't happen.' I quickly briefed him what was going on. 

He ran his fingers through my hair, "You'll be okay buddy. Ramirez does have the required clearance; just don't trust him with private stuff. OSI is on a witch hunt for people like us." The STU rang again. The line secured immediately when Ben picked up the extension. He barked out one word "Nelson." He said yes sir a lot and then hung up. "Well shit! That was base operations informing me that the General was on his way to the hotel. He arrived early."

I looked at Reza, then the Captain and laughed. "I suppose while you are taking a shower, I can help you clean up this time."

He laughed and told me, "Jono, I would appreciate that very much. Otherwise I might have to just leave him like this." Reza made a muffled indignant scream, giving voice to his displeasure.

As Ben walked his fuzzy butt into his bathroom, I strolled to the bed and sat down. I started playing with Reza's cute little butt. "Oh this is so tempting. If I wasn't in a time crunch myself, I might take advantage of this situation." That elicited more muffled tones from the bound man. 

I saw a piece of Reza's luggage at the foot of the bed; I recognized the color and pattern. I could only assume that this was his toy chest. "Well Reza, I'd be tempted to eat all of that out of your backside, but I'm not allowed to have anything orally until after the test is done. With the General probably coming over, it's not like I can let you walk down the hallway and have it dripping out either. Oh, what am I to do." 

I walked down to the foot of the bed and opened his chest. I saw a butt plug with long strands of hair embedded in the pommel. It looked like a horse's tail. I rolled it around in Ben's cum to lube it a bit; I slowly pushed it inside of him he moaned happily as it popped through his ring. I saw a little switch on it, "Oh ops guys and buttons what am I to do?" Of course I activated the switch. 

He began to twitch and he started to moan loudly. I noticed the time was getting away from me. I started untying his legs and then each of his arms. He was giving me an impatient look then he pointed at the gag. He had a sweet look of yearning on his face. Apparently part of the play was that only is handler was allowed to remove it. As the gag fell from his lips, he connected his lips to mine. I enjoyed sucking on his lips and sliding my tongue ever so slowly around in his mouth. 

"I really wish I had time to do this. But I only have a few minutes before I really do have to get in the shower and get ready."

"Jono, that's a few minutes I will gladly take. He pushed me back against the headboard and immediately started bobbing his head up and down on my cock. He was working at very fast, applying a great deal of pressure with his lips. His hands were playing with my balls at the same time. Is tongue twirled and danced around my shaft as his mouth bobbed up and down. I decided to go ahead and take full advantage of his efforts. My hands reached around behind the back of his neck and slammed his head into my crotch. He once said he liked getting skull fucked and it was clear with the sounds he was making he was serious. He pivoted his head side to side, as he varied suction and pressure on my pulsing member. In less than five minutes he brought me to a most enjoyable but emasculatingly dry orgasm. 

I was having trouble getting my breath as he sat up like a cat that ate the proverbial canary. There were soft clapping sounds coming from the door to the room I looked over it was Tam, the clapping joined as I looked over to the bathroom it was Ben. I blushed bite bright red. 

"Oh no Jono, that was a great show." Ben said with a grin from ear-to-ear.

Tamam asked me to move my feet, which I was able to do.

"That was remarkable thank you Reza. You need to go shower, if you want to go with me to the hospital." He gathered the restraints and put them in his toy chest, collected his clothing, then sashayed naked out of Ben's room, butt plug still humming and in place and tail swaying behind him.

Ben and Tam came to my side to see if I needed help getting back on my feet. I stood without any issues. Okay, my toes were numb but I wasn't sure if that was due to Reza's efforts. Tam patted my bottom and told me I needed to be in the shower. I asked Ben to bring Nessa up to speed. In less than five minutes I was clean, inside and out. Tamam laid out a jade green jogging suit, it was both long sleeved and high collared of course. I couldn't help notice the matching running shoes. What surprised me more were the black boxers he chose. I guess he knew about the loose clothing. 

I walked to Reza's room. He had donned a blue grey thobe with high collar. I loved this time of year; three streets come alive with colors. The summer white cotton thobes start to disappear, replaced by the colorful woolen ones. "Are you ready yet?"

"Just about, did you like our playtime this morning Jono?" 

"It was very nice but surely, I won't need to tie you down to have playtime." He kissed me and told me to just ask. We walked out to the lounge. Tam and Ben were finishing breakfast. My tummy growled Tam instinctively poured me a coffee and juice. I shook my head; it was so tempting Reza's tummy joined the chorus. "Go ahead; I am the only one who cannot have anything." Thankfully the door chime rang. It was Agent Ramirez telling me the cars were slightly delayed due to the General's imminent arrival "Go to the kitchen; get yourself a cup of coffee Sir."

"Jono, I am a civilian agent. Pete works." 

The sergeant on the landing spoke, "Mr. Al-Amin we were told of your journey today. My father served under yours. He is now the Imam assigned to the Air Base; he is leading prayers on your behalf this morning."

I took his arm, "Thank you sergeant that is most kind. God has delivered me from so much already; I have no doubt this will be no different." I turned back towards the suite with Agent Ramirez when the elevator dinged behind us. When the doors opened the General, his aide, and the manager were there. 

My protection detail snapped around me ignoring the stand down request from Agent Ramirez. In a firm tone I said, "Sergeant, the General is expected please, stand easy." They complied and opened ranks. I came to attention as did the sergeant and his men. "I am sorry General Mallory, this is not how I wanted to greet you Sir."

General Mallory smiled as he replied, "I take it you are Airman Banks?" 

"Yes sir."

"Airman, I have heard a hell of a lot of chatter about you. Normally I only get that much info on discipline cases, glad to finally have a fucking exception! At ease son, I am told I am your guest technically. Thank you. Having casual Monday on base?" I told him of my imminent trip to the hospital. "That sucks! Do you have time to show me around my new pup tent?" I heard a flurry of dress shoes from the rotunda.

"I will make the time, sir." I introduced my entourage, "General Mallory, this is Special Agent Pete Ramirez, my SD Captain Tamam Hassan, you know my ASO Captain Ben Nelson, Prince Reza Hassan..." I heard Nessa's door open "...and that would be my rater Sergeant Vanessa Gilmore."

"Ben, it's damn good to see you again. Jono, I take it that Captain Hassan is also a royal?"

"Yes sir, but the title is set aside during military service in the name of good order and discipline."

"Captain Hassan, Prince Hassan it's good to meet you both. Sgt Gilmore, you are doing a bang up job if Airman Banks is an example of your supervisory skill. This is my adjutant Major Bryce Daniels. Benny, would you and Airman Banks tag along for the tour?" 

We fell in line as the rest returned to the lounge. "Banks, Nelson tells me you could give Daniels a run for his money, linguistically speaking. He can communicate in seventeen different tongues." I heard Nessa snicker as she entered the door to my suite. 

The major shook my hand, "Okay, Airman how many?"

"Major, that would be fluent in more than thirty languages, conversational in sixty or so. I'm still waiting for the Air Force to certify those languages. I took the tests over the last few months; I am waiting for the results from ATC."

As we walked across the mezzanine to the General's Suite the major continue to ask questions, "How are you on the cultures associated with the languages?"

I told him of my travels and training. Then I added, "because of the speed I went through school, I was able to take a good number of college prep then college courses during High School. I took a sociology, anthropology, archaeology, psych and abnormal psych, in addition to my music studies. I took a few CLEP test before leaving Bremerhaven; to try completing my bachelors of science through the University of Maryland. But you probably know most of that."

"Sir, he is on to us. Damn never cross swords with a psych minor."

His suite was a little smaller, only four bedrooms sharing a communal terrace with the great room. The manager made the obligatory welcome and amenities briefing then left. 

The General plopped down on the sofa and admired the view. "Jono, the fact you humbled that arrogant son of a bitch Major General Ambrose, on his own base no less, then got him to thank you for it. Boy that impressed the hell out of a few of us old dawgs. Son, I probably shouldn't tell you this; if arrogance were currency that man would be the richest man alive." I couldn't help but smile. "Bryce, was just selected for Lieutenant Colonel, what is not general knowledge is that he has also been selected for his first command." The Captain and I extended the traditional congratulations to the Major. 

"Jono, USAFE just relieved your CO of his command. Bryce is going to take command of your squadron in Basdahl. It sucks that one of the first things I am gonna do to him is take away one of his superstars. I need to keep you here Jono. I know this is supposed to be a six month TDY but Nelson tells me you have been indispensable. From him that is high praise."

He paused, "The host nation commander concurs with his assessment. I know there is more risk for you to stay here than the rest of the team but, that is part of the job. You will be here for eleven and a half months. That will give you a couple of weeks to out process Bremerhaven and Basdahl." 

He leaned in smiling, "Sometime this year we will send you to NCO PREP school. Benny has recommended a follow-up assignment on the Southwest Asia 'Go Team.' Your intel skills, languages, and local cultural knowledge he thinks you'd be a perfect fit." 

He paused shifting his leaning position in my direction. "Hell, I wish I could make you my enlisted aide but that is an E-5/E-6 position. I have a funny feeling I'll be retiring before you get there. I have a weak spot son, I care more for the mission then I do for my career. I have a nasty habit of being bluntly honest. I've been counseled for my use of 'colorfully descriptive' phrases on more than one occasion. I can see the curtain coming down. However when Nelson told me about the threats against you, I moved up our departure time. I wanted to make sure that you had some good things to look forward to."

He brushed his cheesy mustache, "Captain Nelson brought me up to speed pretty much on your story. We do need more like you in the Air Force. You have a unique ability boy. You can take a shit sandwich and turn it into something wonderful. That's what you've done with your life and career. Trust me, people have noticed."

"Thank you, sir. I will try to live up to your confidence in me." I turned towards Major Daniels, "Major, may I address you candidly on your new command?" 

The General chuckled saying, "This should be interesting, on 'MY' authority, let er' rip son." 

"This may be impolitic of me; the equipment in Basdahl needs a massive overhaul. I have been on ten deployments with that system in one year, and have never seen a depot team come in. Our equipment is old, it was rated 'semi mobile' when new from the factory. Semi mobile meant that it was designed for only four deployments before requiring a depot level maintenance check and a factory maintenance check after twelve. According to the maintenance logs, neither had occurred in the ten years the equipment was in Bremerhaven and Basdahl."

I continued, "I hope this doesn't lower your opinion of me gentlemen but the first duty of an Airman is to the mission. That equipment will not meet mission requirements if it keeps getting abused. I am not saying reduce the ops tempo, I know that cannot happen. I am however, begging for an increase in the maintenance budget." 

The door chime rang, "I will bet that's for me, so with your permission sirs, I will say my goodbyes and see you at the embassy." The General stood and shook my hand. I felt the coin, his coin, transfer from his palm to mine. I didn't even have to look. "Thank you, sir."

I open the door to the elevator landing Agent Ramirez was standing there. With him were six Saudi enlisted men armed with automatic rifles. Tamam was waiting by the elevator, as I approached I smiled and made a joke, "Sir, if my security detachment continues to increase like this, the hotel will have to reinforce the floor." 

Once I was by Tamam's side I removed the gold chain that held my father's wedding ring from my neck. "Sir, I'm not allowed to wear jewelry during this test. Would you please take care of my family until I can again? You are the closest thing I have to family left."

"It would be my honor Airman. The buses are departing to the site right now, before they call for you down to the limos."

I shot back, "Wait a minute did you say buses plural?"

"The King has decided there should be two decoy buses deployed with a full security to contingent each traveling different routes to the base. In case someone is watching. Just as you have three identical limos with identical plates assigned to you; with a heavy security detail." 

Tam saw the look of embarrassment I had on my face. "Jono, the King is aware that you do not wish to put a single member of your team in jeopardy this was the best solution he could come up with. We all must make sacrifices and adapt. My brother Reza will stay with you through your tests. I shall accompany you to the limo and then take the jaguar to work. Face this with the courage your father would expect of you."

"I will sir. I will not bring shame to any of my families or to my units."

There was a buzz in the Sergeant's earpiece. It was then repeated over agent Ramirez's earpiece, "Jono, it's time to go." We descended down in the elevator to the transit level mezzanine. There was a second team including a decoy. They took the elevator down to the kitchen while we descend into the ballroom. We exited the fire exit off the ballroom and piled into the limo. The three limos left the garage at the same time and headed in different directions, with an enormous security detachment for each. I lost count of how many motorcycles and cars zipped around limo. 

Fifteen minutes later we arrived at the hospital. I was whisked inside to the registration desk and promptly dropped into a wheelchair. I hate hospital protocol. Dr. Connor took the handles of the chair and followed the escort to the nuclear studies lab. Once there I changed into a hospital gown that was provided and hopped up onto the table. A beautiful nurse came over to install the IV and inject the nuclear catalyst and sedative. I thanked her, and warned her I was often called a difficult prick. 

I could tell she studied in the west as she laughed and whispered in my ear she was the best stick in the hospital. I felt pinch and a wonderful warm sensation as I quickly drifted into unconsciousness. 

I woke and recovery surrounded by a very happy team of doctors. Dr. Connor advised the hospital staff used standard sedative based on my weight and did not review my medical record. 

I knew the three standard things for getting out of a recovery room fast so I asked him, "Can I go pee, poop, get something to eat and go home?" Almost as an afterthought I asked, "Oh by the way how the tests turn out?" I wolfed down a fruit cup and some crackers.

"They found a small blockage in your common iliac artery. While you were out, they removed it. It was so cool they used a new procedure developed in Boston. They used a modified arterial catheterization method. Then performed an ablation on the blockage from inside the artery itself. You are prescribed light-duty for the rest of the week, no strenuous exercise, or activities."

"But my eval is scheduled for Thursday morning." I whined.

He rifled fingers through my buzz cut and said, "So long as you don't pick up anything more than 20 pounds, go for it. As for the activities tonight; so long as you do not have to stand for extended periods you can go to the Embassy. Sit as often as you can. We'll bring you back in a couple of weeks to redo the test and make sure everything is healing well. One more order; no alcohol, until you finish the course of antibiotics."
