 Chapter 10 - The Prince & The Prisoner 

Whoever thought of these three suites designed it for a man and his harem. The two master bedrooms in my suite were connected by the office which in turn connected to the lounge. The hallway on our side connected to Vanessa's suite. The other hall connected to the General's suite.

No sooner had the boys left and I started settling into the tub and really relaxing, The STU rang. I quickly threw on my fluffy bathrobe and ran into the bedroom answering the phone out of breath "Airman Banks." 

"Jono, this is General Mallory. Your special package in the Sea Stallion just took off. Well done son. You have everyone in the chain of command beyond happy. You were able to solve most of the problems without compromising either side, well done. You did stretch my order a bit, and I'm grateful you did."

"Thank you, sir. All I did was get both sides talking, and tell a story. I let them come up with a solution."

"We both know that is bullshit Jono. Given how loudly the Ambassador has been raving up his command chain, I would expect another phone call or two if I were you Jono."

"There is a new problem though I hate to be the one to point to the only cloud around the silver lining. The Marine we evacuated was the only translator the embassy has. You know who they're going to ask to fill that additional duty."

"I already got the request. Wally tells me that they can use a Saudi translator for most stuff. They only need you for U.S. only business. Their staff translator will be back in about a week, add to that the doctor directed that you need to be on light duty for at least two weeks."

"I really want to get qualified before you leave."

"Good news on that front, I'm going to be leaving Friday morning. Your team and I have been invited to a regimental awards banquet, formal dress on Thursday night. You'll be pleased to know the last of your trainees just got an HQ. In the initial cadre only one received less than a highly qualified. You and Vanessa are to be congratulated for what you did with the air surveillance technicians. Your results are practically unheard of. I have been on a full-court press to get Vanessa to reenlist. If she has found someone, please for the love of god, sour the relationship. We need to keep her on active duty." He laughed.

"Sorry, I could no sooner steal her happiness than I could exist without breathing. Please don't make that request in order," I teased, "I would hate for you to have to call the JAG back for me to surrender for court-martial." I joked back.

"Jono, the one truth about the military is, people come and people go. I just wish I had an entire command of people like you and Vanessa. I've got a couple whiny officers over in the weapons cell who had four troops that got unqualified or committed safeties. Have to go kick some ass now. Well done again Jono, on both fronts."

"Thank you General, I'm going to get a good night's sleep tonight. I am completely spent. How did Lt Nejem do in the AMC position?"

"I am told HQ highly qualified. I'm also told that both you and Vanessa unofficially coached him as well. You guys sure as hell are multifaceted. On a side-note Jono some of the girls are being followed around inside the hotel. Can we move the four of them move them into Nessa's suite? If so, could you make arrangements with security to make sure that they are not bothered?"

"I'll take care of that before I turn in Sir."

"Jono, you need to start thinking outside your career field. Breakfast tomorrow my suite. That is you, Daniels, and I. For now son, take a nap. You earned it."

I hung up the STU and Pete was knocking on the door, "Is everything okay?"

"Pete, if you don't go fuck your boy friend right now, I swear by all that is holy, I will shoot you through the door!"

I heard Reza giggling in the background. 

I went back to the bathroom, the water in the tub was starting to chill. So I drained it, grabbed my food tray, water bottle and returned to the bedroom. I started playing with the ribbon that Papa Omar had wrapped around the body of the Cello. the first thing I noticed it was about 10 inches too large for my waist. Just not fair, I thought even my cello's waist is bigger than mine. I found where the belt of the ribbon had been attached it was done with tape. 

I unlocked the office door and entered. To make sure Pete would be happy with security, I immediately crossed and locked the doors to Tam's room and to the lounge. I found a roll of tape on the desk and scissors in the drawer. I also retrieved the doctor's prescription note from the safe and returned back to my room. I trimmed the belt size down to size. I reused the excess ribbon to make matching strings to hold the prescription in place. I tried on my handy work admiring it in the full length mirror. I am not sure if it was my small frame or the HUGE size of the bow and ribbon but the look was perfect. 

The belt covered a six inch swath of my tummy covering my belly button. The ribbon tails from the bow stretched down to my ankles. I was tempted to run down the hall and see if Reza agreed but I did not want anyone to see me like this until Tam did. I looked down at the snack tray to find it empty, bummer. Finished the bottle of water as well. I was far too excited to sleep. 

Fuck! How long have they been fucking? The clock said fifteen twenty-three. Crap two and a half hours. I thought Tam and I had some marathon sessions. Still it was their first time together. It probably takes longer just to figure out who gets tied up. I chuckled at the image in my mind. 

The hotel phone rang evening snack. I chose the old standby yogurt, cheese, fruit, and bread. I knew they would be up in ten minutes. I threw on a gold running suit and tucked Pete's pistol in the jacket pocket and walked into the hall. I grabbed the step ladder that the guards found for me and stationed it in front of the door. I heard the chime for the elevator and out came the trolley. The guards approached the waiter. 

He was a cute looking guy about five foot two, with a slim build. Apparently he moved a little too slowly for the guards liking. They grabbed him and forced him against the wall, while the others lifted the lid on the tray, the skirt on the trolley and examined every place that someone could hide a weapon. The waiter now completely in point of submission flat against the marble wall, and was aggressively pawed and searched. The Sergeant's hands lingered a little longer when it reached the young man's ass he parted one cheek and then the other. 

When the guards were content they released the waiter. Who quickly smoothed his sharp fitted uniform. To make himself presentable and wrinkle-free again. He dropped his eyes when the Sergeant shoved his finger in his face.

The trolley was then rolled to the door. I stepped down off of my stool and waited. I knew because of tradition they would knock first, then they would ring the bell if no one answered. I was starting to get in on the sequence of events here. When is hand hit the door, I gave it a two count and opened wide the door. 

The sergeant smiled and chastised me about not using the peephole. I pointed at the tiny ladder to the right of the door and promised him that I had. He pointed at the pocket apparently noticing how much it was sagging. I reached in and slowly turned my wrist to show the handle of the Derringer.

"That will not stop much." he announced.

"I have a habit of hitting what I aim at. Even if I only wound my attacker, this will make noise and you and your men will investigate swiftly."

"Like the summer wind young Prince."

"Sergeant, you know that I am no prince."

"To the men of your father's unit, you are the mightiest of Princes. You are his only surviving son, we must protect his legacy." He pointed to my eyes and said, "I like what you have done." He then gestured to the thick eye make up around his eyes, "Very commanding." Our discussion was cut short by the ding of the elevator. He pushed me back into the rotunda as his men swarmed around the opening.

Nessa put her hands up, "It's just me guys." She noticed the open door. "Let me guess there's some little miscreant on the landing who has everyone on heightened alert?"

I stuck my head around the corner, "Why are you home so early?"

She walked over to me, "The entire air surveillance staff is on stand down for the day, due to our outstanding evaluation results. All of the trainees were raving about their 'tiny giant' who was missing, and how they wished he was there to share their victory. Your trainees like you kid, and they wish you a swift recovery." I noticed the guards even puffed their chests out. I motion to Vanessa to come in.

"I have a ordered a snack, they always send up too much. I would love to share it with you on the terrace."

We walked through the rotunda into the lounge. The waiter asked, "Did I hear you correctly, that you wished to be served on the terrace?"

"Yes, I notice your accent isn't local. It sounds like you come from the Eastern province, but a touch of the South as well."

"I am from from Bahrain. Your ear is as good as they say sir." Nessa moved to the other side of the young man and made a fanning motion with her hand as if to say he's hot. "I heard your meeting with the head of the Justice Ministry went well this morning."

"How odd, I was introduced to him as his Excellency the Judge."

"Many in government power will downplay their importance to find out what you really think. He was praising your wisdom to Mr. Hassan, very loudly on his way through the lobby."

"Do you know Mr. Hassan?"

"Not personally, but he is a very powerful attorney in Bahrain and in Saudi Arabia. I am currently going to school to become a lawyer. I hope I have a small percentage of his skill. His words have toppled mighty men from power, and brought down governments."

"He is an imposing man. He is also one of my surrogate brothers. His Papa held me the very day that I was born." 

The color drained from the young man's face. "You know Judge Hassan? He considers you one of his sons?"

Each day that goes on, I learn something about my new family. Omar was not only a lawyer of some renown, he was also a judge. Judging by the look of panic on our young server's face one of great power. I put my hand on his shoulder. "Relax to me he is just Papa Omar. Now let us set up this tray, I'm hungry." 

He quickly set up the small table and transferred the contents of the trolley onto it. Then adjusted the sunshade to filter the light. "Please forgive my earlier candor, my family can only afford my school fees, I need this job to live."

"You have nothing to fear from me. It is very lonely being here. It's nice to have someone to talk to. I prize knowledge very highly, and you have taught me much." Nessa, went into belle mode. She started plating food for both her and I. I held up my finger and ask for Vanessa to wait just a moment. 

The waiter cleared the rotunda, and the door had closed. I slowly walked to the front door. Heard the ding of the elevator and the doors open then close. I open the front door and motioned for the sergeant. I invited him into the rotunda and close the door.

"Sergeant who was that young man?"

"That was Naveed Yasin the most clumsy waiter you will ever meet in your life I will make sure he never bothers you again."

"Sergeant please don't. In fact if you could convince the hotel quietly, when he is scheduled to work, have him bring my meals to me. If there is a way for you to do it, I would like neither the hotel, nor he know that I made this request. He knows and speaks well of my new family, I would like to learn more."

"I shall do as you wish Mister Al-Amin. Why do you only refer to me only a 'sergeant'?"

"Because no one has made an introduction. I only know of you as sergeant because of the rank on your epaulet."

He laughed, "Then I shall introduce myself to you. I am Yahya Al-Ali. I would introduce you to the entire staff but, you should not leave such a beautiful woman alone. I am told you are her protector. That is what you should be doing. Later I will introduce you to the men." With that he opened the door and departed and I walked back out to the balcony.

Mama Bear gave me a great big hug and told me to sit. Then handed me my plate. "I'm told I'm going to be doing this a lot. Especially if things continue to go so well with that hunk of a Hassan you have me set up with. Jono, he is so gorgeous, thank you. I was hoping that the Captain would have brothers, but I was not expecting to get the best looking of the lot. Anytime you want to give me scraps, I will gladly catch them."

"Oh Mama Bear, I know you hate it but you're going to have to be in southern belle mode for a while. Najib Hassan does enjoy western women. I sense something a little more when he looks at you. If he desires a longer relationship, you will have to learn some of his ways as well, at least when you are in public together. This morning's meeting taught me he is a rising star. I would bet my bottom dollar that he is seeking a position in the Justice Ministry. That means an appointment as prosecutor followed by and an appointment as judge."

"I heard you were able to get the Marine released. That was no small feat."

"Well if Tam's brother was able to get the head of the Ministry of Justice to become involved, I would not be surprised to find out that the prosecutor who was here was no small fish either. Which means today was a setup."

"Jono, that is very cynical of you. Why couldn't he just want to help you out?"

"Mama Bear, it's part of the Intel gig. When you're analyzing Intel you take it all at face value initially. Then you pick it apart, you analyze it to see if you're being played. Even the truth can play a part in a misdirection. Now I do believe Najib to be an honorable man. That doesn't mean he's not above using me to his own end. Not a problem, it's how the game is played. I just like to know when I'm sitting up to the table." 

I caught two shadows moving behind me. I pretended not to see them as I continued to talk to Vanessa. I walked out onto the pool deck keeping my back to the lounge and the door. The larger shadow lunged at me as I grabbed his wrist and did a shoulder throw, dropping him to the pool deck. 

"Pete, I did tell you my big brother was very protective right? He knew he couldn't be there to protect me from the bullies, so he taught me how to do a few good throws. Never underestimate a tiny person." I kissed his forehead and helped him up.

"Jono! Don't be so rough with my new boyfriend." Nessa almost choked on the food in her mouth.

"Reza, I cradled this head so it didn't hit the concrete." With my right hand I reached into my pocket and withdrew the derringer he loaned me. "I believe this is yours. Thank you for the loan." He took it and shoved it into his inner jacket pocket. Then I pulled his Colt 1911 from my other pocket returned it to him. "I believe this is yours as well. I relieved you of it while you were flying over my shoulder."

"It is quite clear I'm going to have to update the skills listed in your dossier to include pickpocket."

"Small hands are light and fast hands." I replied.

Nessa spoke, "Um Jono, did I miss something while I was at work? Agent Pete, you might want to check your holster before you try to put your weapon in it." She began laughing as he removed the cookie that I placed in the holster.

"Let me get this straight. You threw me, and while you were throwing me, you removed my loaded weapon from its secured holster, and replaced it with an oatmeal raisin cookie. All without me noticing."

I shrugged and gave a three word reply, "You looked hungry." Reza busted out laughing, then hugged his humbled lover. "If it helps Pete, I did the same thing to the special agent assigned to assist our home unit, Alex Fibrin."

"It's a good thing you know him, he is my relief. You should also know he is a lieutenant colonel. He is also as straight as they come, and a complete homo-phobe. He is a hunter, be on your guard."

"We have a good working relationship from the past. It's nice to know there are going to be boundaries. Did he tell you he's used me on a case or two in the past?" 

"No, he did not." Pete had an annoyed look on his face.

"Well he was working with the Army CID on a drug case. A couple of specialists out of Frankfurt were smuggling large amounts of heroin into Bremerhaven. Then using the army supply system to distribute the smack throughout Europe. You'll like this part he and I had to go out as a gay couple. I'll be able to handle him."

Pete replied, "You said you worked a couple of cases with him."

"The other was an espionage case. We found the guy. The colonel took his own life rather than being taken into custody. I really don't want to talk about that one."

"I know that case, it was a tough one. I didn't know you were involved. Fibrin didn't even put your name in his case file, he just called you the listener."

"That was the point." I replied

Nessa looked at me in disbelief, "Jono, you're a spy?"

"No ma'am! I'm a patriot. The colonel was selling secrets to the Soviets. He was a coward who profited from his treachery and put our soldiers lives in jeopardy. When he knew he was caught, he chose to take his own life, rather than stand up to the charges. As to the others they were dealing in death. I have absolutely no regrets about that case at all." 

Vanessa rested her hand upon mine in a gesture of apology. I put my other hand on top of hers. "Forgiven Momma Bear, the technical term was OSI augmentee. Agent Fibrin trusted me, because he had already investigated me. He knows I have an obscene crush on my supervisor, but I'm too afraid to act on it. We have a tattle-tale in our Squadron."

Nessa responded, "Do tell..."

"When we deployed to Denmark she called the wives of any servicemen who cheated on them. She's a bible thumper and believes that her opinion was fact. Which is odd, because I wasn't dipping my wick into every available female in the squadron she labeled me as gay. Apparently she knew before I did. You'll be pleased to know Nessa, she's rotating back to the States. Master Sergeant Rhodes won't be bothering us anymore."

"That fucking bitch!" Nessa shrieked. "She was my tent mate on that deployment. I told her I had been flirting with you and you rejected me outright. It was my fault, I am so sorry."

"She will be gone before you get back, best to just let her go. Sadly looks like you're going to be getting some new roommates. The General wants to move all of the women posted to Riyadh into your suite" She told me it was not a problem in fact she was lonely being alone in the six bedroom suite.

"It looks like my tomorrow is shaping up to be a meat grinder as well. My cup runneth over. I get to start my day having a private breakfast with General Mallory and Major Daniels. Apparently when he said that he wanted to have breakfast with me today, he wanted to have breakfast with me alone. He wants to talk about my future. You'll get a kick out of this Nessa, he wants me to break up your romance, to get you to reenlist." 

Nessa and the men began laughing. "I told him I would not break your heart, and that he would have to charge me with dereliction of duty if he made it in order." She kissed my hand. The door opened and Captain Nelson stepped in with Lt Nejem. As they walked out to the Terrace I thought to myself those two are going to be harder to hide with Fibrin around.

"Nessa, could you make the rounds and invite your new roommates up." She gave me a shoulder hug and departed.

I asked Lieutenant Nejem why he wasn't being held back. "Because the Airspace Management Coordinator committed no error. It was all on the weapons cell. Thank you for teaching us how to protect ourselves from those weapons asses. You were quite right when you said their ego is only one step down from the fighter pilots they control. Sadly, whenever any section makes an error, it reflects on the senior director. Your Tamam is having a bad day."
