 Authors note: Sorry folks, was a bit delayed with this chapter... Lost the ranch that Aza and I called home for 25+ years. The court forced his family to "allow" me to keep our original "hobby farm" and a good portion of the breeding stock. It is the house where we first lived as a real couple. It was always part of our retirement plan. 

I miss my "Oz" so much. I fought so hard to honor his request, to hold on the breeding and training center we built together. His family's lawyers won the case and appeals. I feel that, I failed him. I just don't have any more fight in me. This is not how I imagined downsizing. Life sucks at times. 

I needed a dose of fantasy. 

-Izzy ("his" Itzy)

* * * * * *

Chapter 14 - New Year, New Life

December 31st 1986 - 0400

I love snuggling with my stuffed bear. It did keep me on my right side reducing the pressure on my sole intact lung. On occasion it does get a little too hot and I must roll over in my sleep. Today was a little different. I was hot on both sides of my body and I didn't know why at first. I also found myself leaning to the left side of the bed, the bear ain't that damned heavy. 

A familiar scent filled the room. In the moment I knew the smell it was a smell of my lover. The smell of cologne and perfume changes when it makes contact with the wearer's skin. I knew this wasn't just his cologne on my stuffed bear. It was the real deal snuggled against my back. I could feel his hot breath on the back of my neck and the gentle soft snore coming from him was so cute. 

I so wanted to roll over and ravish him with my affection. The fact he was still in his uniform told me he must be tired. The first thing he wanted to do was climb into bed and sleep holding me, his boy. It dawned on me, I was HIS teddy bear. I drifted back into a happy sleep. 

The sun rose at just after 7 in the morning. Fifteen minutes later the room was filled with it's reflected glow, he stirred. His pistol belt was grinding against my pj's. The hard metal magazines pinched and dug into my flesh. He was humping me in his sleep. 

His mighty arms pulled me tight against his hot body. I reach behind to his waist to try and find the metal clasp that held his gun belt in place. Success! The pinching and unpleasant biting stopped.

I could feel his rod of iron begging to be released. I used the thumb and forefinger of my left hand to release the fastener and button on his pants. Then I slid his zipper down. I was overjoyed to discover he went commando beneath. I coaxed his massive trouser snake from it's lair. He groaned a gutteral sound of pleasure as the air surrounded his now freed cock. 

That's when I felt the tiny hole in my pj bottoms created by the sharp metal items attached to his gun belt. Oh serendipity you wonderful slut lover. I was hoping when I tore it further, it would do so vertically. But if it went horizontally I wouldn't care so long as he had access to me. My hole missed its master. Tam had the only key that would fit and release the lock on my full pleasure.

I grabbed the tube of lube from the nightstand. I began expanding the hole in my pj's and lubing and widening my hole for his cock. With my hand covered in the slippery stuff, I started preparing his magnificent shaft for entry. He moaned and return to snoring nuzzling the top of my head. I arched my back so I could put the head of a shaft against my needy hole. 

I released the curve in my spine in order to take more of him inside of me. I had taken about half of him in when I noticed he was no longer snoring, and his hips had stopped their rolling action. "Is my boy raping me in my sleep?" He asked teasingly.

"Several parts of you were already awake. I thought I do my part to wake the rest of you, pleasantly." I continued to roll my hips, desperate to get more of him inside of me.

I twisted my body to the left reaching up with my right arm. I reached behind his head and gently pulled his lips to mine. The muscles did feel tight... "I assumed you were going to reward me for my good behavior in my physical therapy. I missed you fuzzy bear."

Tam replied, "Words cannot describe how much I have missed my tiny baby bear. Your pleasure was in my thoughts. Each moment I was away from you was an eternity." He caressed my right arm. "Yes, I have notice you are using your damaged arm. Father even told me that you played Mara last night." 

I thought it was funny that they were the owners of a Stradivarius named Mara. Depending on the dialect and its use, in Egypt "Mara" could be woman, bitch, whore, or prostitute. Nothing tops the Japanese use, mara means cock... I guess that means when I play, I'm playing with a big cock. Considering how many mens and womens legs she had rested between over her almost 300-year life, that was funny to me. 

I remembered back to how that word entered my vocabulary. During sophomore year our school was hosting a couple of exchange students, HOT twin brothers from Japan. I was part of the welcoming committee. I was asked to help them acclimate to North Florida. All that summer I focused on learning as much Japanese as I could. I thought I did fairly well considering I was having to learn it from books. Berlitz is a really good resource, but not as good as actually talking to people from the country you're trying to learn about. Of course I didn't learn the more colorful language until after they arrived. 

We were in the locker room, ready to hit the pool when Hiro started talking about my mara and they began giggling as they pointed at me. Then Hikaru looked laughing at me pointing at my groin saying he has no "mara" but a "mame." Coach Jessup and his wife were their host family. He did a tour of duty in Sasebo, Japan. He picked up on the insult I had been politely laughing along with. Later he informed me that in Japanese, mame meant clitoris.

It wasn't until the coach heard them refer to me as a weak uke that he became concerned. He stepped in when he heard what they were planning to do to me. That was when he told me to stay away from them, and they did not need my guidance any longer. People can suck regardless of the language. Coach had the boys running stairs for the rest of the summer until school started.

Tam pulled me out of my funk of remembrance as he kissed my right wrist and guided my arm back to my side pushing down on my waist he penetrated me fully. His hand made contact with each of the tiny holes his gun belt made in my ivory bottoms. "Hamza, will be most annoyed with me for damaging his gift to you."

"Tam, he knows I didn't care for this color anyway." He was taking his time. Taking slow deliberate strokes in and out of my ass. Just when I thought he was about to seed me he'd stop, and almost pull out completely. Clearly he missed me, and was not in a hurry to dump seed and run. He wanted to show me he loved and desired me. His hands slid up my hips then under my shirt. 

He paused his nipple play to explore my chest and now covered ribs. "This is so nice. My baby is healing so nice. I must see you." To drive the point home he removed himself from me completely. Then rolled me over to face him.

My face drew into an impish grin as I replied, "Have I become transparent? I do believe I was quite opaque when I went to bed last night." The look on his face was one of playful irritation. I was afraid, he admires perfect beauty, now I would forever be flawed. The doctors did all they could to minimized the scars but they would always be there. Reflexively my hand was drawn to the wound site.

He knew... He pulled my chest tight against his. "You are beautiful." He loosened the embrace as his left hand rested on the fabric covering the wound site. "THIS is not you..." He moved his hand to my heart. "...THIS is you..." Both hands came up and cradled my face. "... and THIS is you. Your heart, mind, and soul are beautiful to me. The rest is just a shell, a very pleasant shell but a shell nonetheless."

My arms flew around his neck and his mouth came to mine. When the heat from the kiss faded I felt his hand on the bottom button of my sleepwear. I smacked it away. "If we are going for a reveal, let me do this right. My warrior has come home to me. The very least I can do is entertain you." I climbed off the bed and found the tape from the playhouse and popped it into the cassette deck.

As the Arabic pop music pumped out of the speakers my body began to sway to the guitar and drum beats, and I began to tease Tamam. When I opened the bottom button on my shirt, and I performed a slow left vertical split, then released. With the top button on my shirt, an equally slow right vertical split was done and released. The final button was opened and I dropped into a deep split on the floor. 

What I was afraid would happen the morning after our first night together happened. The room was filled with the sound of the delicate silk shredding. I didn't care, I remained in the deep split. My tiny twig flopped on the floor in front of me. I could see Tam grinning ear-to-ear from the corner of my eye. 

I lowered my chest on the ground to the front. I freed one arm, then the other from the silk shirt. I tossed the shirt in his direction. I slid my arms under my chest to obstruct his view as I sat up. I performed a couple of hip rolls breaking the split and retracting my legs beneath me kneeling before Tam.

I wasn't sure if he was enjoying the spectacle for sure until I saw his legs were spread and his thick shaft was standing erect. I slid my right hand to the pj bottoms releasing their fastener then returned the hand to its covering position. I returned to my feet rolling my hips with sharp motions. The motions caused the battered, tattered, and torn bottoms to fall to the floor.

With head down and arms still crossed covering most of my chest. I sidled towards my target, his lap. I straddled his right leg. Using his body, I let friction pull my little tool between my legs. With my head and eyes lowered, I extended my arms up resting each on his shoulders. My body was his to examine, and to own. I wanted to communicate with absolute conviction my body was his. 

The index finger of his right hand below my chin guided my head and eyes to his. Then his eyes took stock of his boy. His hand traced the outline of the fading henna tattoo. I told him about Jy's story behind it. Tam softly kissed the wound site. His hand slid down my body, as he admired the changes. He pursed his lips as his hand slid between my thighs removing my nub from its hiding place.

"Jono, I enjoy every inch of your entire body. I can see how hard you have worked on your recovery in my absence. Everything attached to this body gives me great pleasure. You are my beautiful boy, you are not Jy. I have seen you receive pleasure from your cock." 

I told him how I had tried to 69 Jy Ang. "He told me you forbade me from touching him there."

Tam played with the chain around my neck. "Jy does not receive pleasure from his penis as you or I do. To him it's an extraneous bit without real purpose, a reminder of his belief he was born in the wrong body. I may not agree with him, but I will honor his decision. My actions were not to punish you, but to make your encounter go smoother for everyone."

The air conditioning on my bare flesh cause me to shiver. "You are like ice! Get under the blankets my silly boy, while I prepare properly for you. You should be sleeping under them in any case." I was waiting for him to chastise me about that. I've gotten into the habit of sleeping on top of the bed spread, clutching the bear. 

He removed my teddy bear from the bed, "You do not need it while I am here." Then he put Janáček's Idyll for strings on the stereo. He knew my favorites, he is trying to set a mood. He removed his uniform and returned to me. I held the sheets open for him as his glorious naked form slid along side of me, wrapping his arms around me. I went into the form of complete submission, ass up and tummy down.

I whimpered, "I have been dreaming of you taking me for a week. I want to feel your full measure inside of me. You are the king of this bed, and this body."

He pulled me to my left side, "Why don't we go back to when I woke up..." I was about to warn him it was my strong lung side when he pulled my back against his fuzzy tummy. Eh, what harm could it do I thought as he continued, "...you were quite correct it was a most pleasant way to awake." I reached over to the nightstand and passed him the lubricant to make his reentry a little easier. 

The differences between Tam and Naser were minor. Tam was about a half an inch taller, His muscles, due to military training were much more pronounced. While his cock was a tiny bit shorter, it was far thicker. I wasn't kidding when I said his was the only key that would unlock my pleasure. Playing with Naser was fun, but Tam was what I NEEDED like oxygen.

After a fair amount of ass play with his fingers and massaging my prostate. He was ready to take his boy, and his boy was ready to be possessed. He did something to me that he had never done before. He slowly inserted his cock and did not let the pressure subside until he was fully embedded in me. I felt like a chicken being put on the skewer to spit roast. It was good to be his boy.

He took me side saddle slowly driving long strokes in and out of my ass. He'd take 15 or 20 thrusts and pause. Just when I thought he was about to cum, he would suddenly become very still nuzzling my neck. Then he would continue with the slow edging towards release. The pronounced veins on his shaft rubbed along my prostate causing waves of pleasure to clamp my ass tight around its owner. His breathing became as erratic as my own when he release his seed deep within me.

He was resting his chin on top of my head. His cock still fully lodged in my ass. I could feel it beginning to soften. His sweat, cum and lube combined at my happily, cock plugged hole. He felt my difficulty breathing and reached for the oxygen mask. 

I pulled his arm back around me. "My body is not going to get stronger if I continue to coddle it. For now, your arms are all I need. Please just hold me for a bit Tam."

He rolled us so I was resting on my right side. I was amazed he could do this without removing his softening cock from my ass. Then he kissed the top of my head. He too was struggling for breath. "I shall hold you as long as you desire Jono, and maybe just a little bit longer."

We enjoyed the afterglow for another half hour. He was snuggling and kissing me. I knew he hated the thought of me remaining in the Air Force. He enjoyed having me all to himself. I hated the thought of leaving things half done. I signed up for 4 years service. Medical retirement seemed like cheating somehow. But, that was up to the medical review board next month. At this perfect moment in time that was so long the way. Somewhere in the snuggles I fell back to sleep.

* * *

At 9 o'clock there was a knock at the door. Fahima cracked the door and announced her presence as we dove for shorts and bathrobes. Tam then let her in. She set a bag on the dresser and hung a garment bag on the closet door then turned and hugged her big brother, "Now I see why the protocal machine was not receiving his telemetry."

She started applying new ECG electrode pads to my chest for the mobile telemetry device. "Your numbers are doing much better." She examined the wound site and chastised me for the artwork but backed off when she was told Papa said it was fine.

"You boys should start getting ready for the day. The family and our guests are arriving. Najib and the Gilmores are here. Reza and Pete came in just after Tam and the doctors arrived with Magdah and I from Riyadh. The whole house is waking up. While the two of you lazy boys have been 'sleeping.'"

"My dear sister you nag as much as our mother did. But, you are quite right." He kissed her forehead.

She smiled as the toe of her shoe played with the tattered remains of my bottoms on the floor. "Yesterday Jono, was a setback. You will rest for TWO days. No gym time, passive stretches and range of motion ONLY!" I dropped my head as I replied yes Ma'am. She rubbed my nose with hers. "You did well yesterday with your response. You calmed Waleed so he could help you. However, you should have called for help."

She pointed at the bag. "With Tamam's consent, I asked for Hamza to make you a few things to help with your care. I hope you like them. Your friends are waiting for you in the lounge." She hugged me again and departed. 

I went to the bags, to find out what Hamza made for me. Tamam stopped me, he directed me to the shower. Afterwards he let me see the great gift and the big secret. Fahima had shirts made for me with pockets on the back to hold the telemetry unit. They also had a small hidden pass-through for the leads to slide through.

The bag on the dresser contained sleepwear, underwear, and 'swim trunks.' I blushed and asked, "Does she know that I was using her bikini bottoms?" 

Tam kissed me and replied, "Ours is a small family, it is difficult to keep secrets."

"Tam, my family was a small family. Your dad had a nation!" Tam started applying the leads to their corresponding adhesive dots on my chest. I could do it myself but he liked taking care of 'his boy.' He would only have another couple weeks to do it before I ship back to Germany, and then possibly to the Wilford Hall Medical Facility in Texas for final review if I had another setback or chose to fight the board. 

This weekend we will simply enjoy the long break. The facility in Riyadh was on minimum manning and mandatory down time to release the stress caused by the disaster. I was grateful for five days with Tam and my friends. 

Papa used to say live in the now the future is never written, until it is in the past. Tam presented me a light reddish brown dress shirt with a tall band collar. Suddenly I was called back to what Fahima said. "Tam, did Fahima say that there were doctors with her?"

"That would be my fault. You were having such trouble sleeping, with the nightmares I thought it would be good to talk to someone." Fuck he brought me a shrink. My least favorite medical practitioners in the world and he is inflicting one on me. I shot him an angry look. "Jono it is for your own good. You cannot continue to live like this. You must be able to sleep through the night."

I understood he was right, but it didn't mean I had to like the situation. The last thing I liked doing was facing my baggage. The pain of the past deserves to be where it was, in the past. Hell, dad forced me to go to one after I heard one of my doctors tell him I probably wouldn't live to adulthood. Then after the crash, to age 15, I spent hours talking to one shrink or another, 3 times a week. 

The last shrink DCF forced on me was the worst. Doctor, "No just" GUY, gave me the bullet point refresher course on survivor's guilt. Like it was some great new concept. I received no great revelations from 'GUY' then, I expected nothing different this time. I took psych and abnormal psych at 15 just to get away from therapy.

I dropped my head and told him, "Tam, I'll do it for YOU. I had trouble sleeping before my parents died. I'm just wired that way. If this guy has some magic bullet to make the dreams fade I'll listen to him. If for no other reason than YOU think it is important." 

He pulled my head up to lock his eyes onto mine, "Jono, that is not how this works. Like physical therapy, it only works if 'YOU' find value in it. I just want you to try." Damn I hate it when people throw my emphatic enunciations back at me but, he was right and I knew it. The Imam had been trying to work through the dream on a metaphysical level with me. I was just getting tired of talking.

* * *

We joined the crowd in the lounge Nessa ran to me and gave me a hug. Clearly word of my setback traveled. Cal rubbed my head and teased. "Hey squirt, the hotel was great. I am looking forward to getting to know you. Just stop scaring my baby sister." Jamaal gave me a bear hug. I didn't have the strength to argue, I just said sorry.
