 My name is Jose and I cut grass for a living. I'm in good shape and often I noticed people, both men and women, checking me out. I have no hair on my chest and I'm tall for a Mexican-American. I'm not gay or anything but the easiest way to get your cock sucked is to find a married dude in the suburbs. So I'm cutting this guy's grass one day and I see he's checking me out. He's average looking but he's got that look in his eye like he needs it bad. So I take off my shirt and let him enjoy the show. 

After a few minutes, I knock on the door and ask him if I can have a drink of water. As we're standing in his kitchen and drinking the water, he's staring at my nipples. So I tell this guy he can touch my nipples and he backs off looking offended. So I say "no really, I want you to." So he reaches over and pinches my nipples a little and it feels ok but I can tell he's getting hot. I put my hands on his shoulders and I noticed he's lost in the moment, so I grab a handful of his hair and pull him towards me pulling his mouth to my nipples. He protests a little at first but I hold him against me and tell him to lick me. After a minute he starts getting in to it. While he's doing that, I unbuckle my pants and I pull out my cock. He grabs it and starts stroking me without me saying a word. 

After he stroked me for a minute or two, I grabbed his hair again and pushed his mouth down to my cock. He protested a little at first, but eventually opened his mouth, put my cock in it and started sucking. From the way he was acting, I doubt he'd ever sucked cock before, but he knew what to do. I could tell he was having fun letting the head of my cock slip in and out of his mouth as his tongue licked the tip. He was really getting into it so I told him to take out his cock and stroke it, and I didn't have to tell him twice. 

I was about to blow my load in his mouth, so I turned him around and bent him over the island in their kitchen. I put a little spit on my finger and started toying with his ass. He kept stroking his dick but I could tell he was a little scared about what was about to happen. After I got a gob of spit on his ass, I spread his ass cheeks and put the head of my cock right against his rim. He asked me to stop but he doesn't move an inch, just bent over with his face and chest resting on the counter top with his pants around his ankles. He tells me this isn't what he wanted and that his wife was due back soon. But my cock was hard as a rock and there was no way I wasn't going to fuck his white suburban ass. 

Just in case he changed his mind, I grabbed his hair tight with one hand and pushed him harder down onto the counter. I used my other hand to guide my cock into his ass, and slowly pushed the head past the sphincter. He was tight at first and I could tell it hurt him a little. I made a few short strokes with just my cock's head in him, and he didn't seem to mind. He asked me to stop and then told me I should be wearing a condom but I kept going and after a minute I was fucking his ass in long slow strokes and he started getting into it. After a minute or two he was pushing his ass back into me. I grab him by the shoulders and I'm really fucking him good. By this point he would have done whatever I wanted. I told him to tell me he loved my cock, and he did, then I made him ask me to keep fucking his ass. He was enjoying the fucking and kept tell me to fuck him.

I could tell he was about to orgasm so I reach around, squeezed his cock as hard as I could and made him shoot his load in my hand. Then I put my hand to his mouth and made him lick it clean. He was hesitant at first but started getting into it. As he's licking the semen on my palm, I use my other hand to grab his hair so his head was moving around like a doll's as I'm fucking his brains out. His body was almost lifeless as I shove every inch of my cock as hard and as deep into him as I can. When I came I leaned over and reached my arm around over his shoulder and onto his chest so I could force as much of my hard cock into him as I could. He was just laying there as I fucked his ass as roughly as I could. He didn't move a muscle as I blew my load into him.

After I came, he could barely look at me. He reached into his wallet and gave me all the cash he had and told me to leave without finishing the yard. I told him no problem and that I would see him next week. As I walked out, I winked and told him he could watch me fuck his wife next week. He just stared at me but I knew it got him thinking.