 Josh and I were lying in bed in my room talking. It was about 11:00 at night, my parents were in bed but being horny virgin 18 year olds we just couldn't shut up. We talked about everything and as always with teen boys it turned to sex. 

"Y'know Jenny Monahan is frigging hot I'd love to tap that ass" Josh says.

"Yeah I know, her tits aren't that big probably like a C cup but nice and perky" I replied.

"Y'know I bet she shaves her pussy completely bare" Josh countered.

"Y'know who else shaves.......Paul Bonner".

Silence.

"How do you know Paul shaves?" he questioned.

"Well we do all take showers after gym class together, you can't help but notice."

"Yeah I guess" Josh whispered in the dark. "He has a huge cock too."

Silence. We both started laughing.

"It's the shaving that makes his cock look huge and it doesn't help that he gets a semi in the showers." I said.

"Yeah I noticed that" says Josh.

"I shaved today too" I said as I waited in silence for Josh's reply.

Josh took a little longer answering than I expected, it made me a nervous.

"So did I" he whispered.

Again we giggled in the dark.

"I'll show you mine if you show me yours" Josh quickly spits out.

I thought for a second before answering, and curiosity finally won me over. "Ok".

I reached over to the nightstand and turned on the light. I turned around in my bed and sat on the edge as Josh did the same. I felt a stirring in my briefs as I grabbed the waistband and eased them down my legs to my ankles. My cock was semi-hard as I walked to the middle between the two beds. I stood as I watched Josh quickly remove his boxers and move over to me. 

We both stood naked in front of each other staring at the others cock. Josh was circumcised his head big and purple as his cock stared straight up at me. He was completely shaved and he looked huge. He must have been at least 6 ½" long.

I saw Josh's hand reach out before quickly returning to its position at his side. I knew what Josh wanted I wanted the same thing. 

"Go ahead" I said a little more throatily than I expected.

Josh reached out and gently felt my stomach where I had removed my pubes and then his fingers cautiously eased across and around my foreskin and down my shaft as he felt my smoothness.

I reached my hand across the gap between us and felt up his amazingly smooth ballsack. "Ummmmm" escaped through my barely open lips.

"Uhuh" was all Josh said as we stood by the light of my nightstand light feeling each other up.

"I want to see up close" I said pulling Josh by his cock to the bed. I gave him a gentle push as he eased himself back into a laying position. I crawled between his legs as he looked down at me. 

He had done a really good job of shaving. He was smooth from his stomach down and back. "You shaved everything"? I questioned.

"Uhuh....wanna see" 

"Ahhhh .... Yes" we were communicating in whispers now. I don't know if it was because we were afraid of being caught or if it was the lust we could both feel building.

I sat back up as Josh slowly rolled over onto all fours. I moved back up between his legs this time with his ass at my face level. His ass was completely smooth. Josh has a kinda skinny ass so his cheeks spread wide and exposed his puckered hole. It was beautiful. His hole was so pink it was hard to tell where the skin from his cheeks started and ended. 

We sat like that for what seemed forever. Josh on all fours with his asshole staring me in the face. I reached out with my left hand and gently rubbed his cheeks. Josh moaned and put his head onto the pillow. I reached up with my other hand running two fingers from the top of his asscrack to his little pucker.

Josh turned his head into the pillow and groaned deeply. He turned his head to me "please don't tease me".

"Ok" I replied. I leaned forward and gave his asshole a strong firm lap. I have never tasted anything so perfect in my life. I felt Josh's hole push up against my tongue like it was trying to suck it inside. I sat back I curled my tongue and pushed about a half inch into his hole. Josh screamed into his pillow as he shot cum all over the sheet below him. I quickly reach under and wrapped my hand around his shaft and pumped out the last few drops.

Josh collapsed onto the bed in his own cum. I curled up behind him as my cock nestled into his wet slick crack. I reached over and laid my hand on his cock as it reduced to a semi-hard state.

"I'm sorry" Josh said.

"For what?" I questioned.

"For cumming so fast."

"Josh I wanted you to cum". "After all now it's my turn."

Josh giggled quietly as he tried to turn over. "Wait!" I said.

I reached over Josh to the nightstand and retrieved the hand lotion that I had used earlier after shaving. I squirted a huge glob into my hand and started rubbing it onto my cock and Josh's ass.

"I don't know about this" says Josh.

"Dude I won't go inside unless you want me to I just wanna rub my cockhead onto your hole."

"Umm ok" Josh said cautiously.

I widened the gap between us and aimed my cock between his cheeks. I felt around for his asshole but for some reason was unable to find it the dark under the blankets. Josh reached between his legs gently wrapped two fingers around me and rubbed my cock onto his little pink pucker. 

I leaned back in the bed and enjoyed the most ecstatic feeling ever. Josh was pulling my foreskin back and forth over my head while at the same time rubbing his asshole with my cock.

I pushed forward a little. I wanted inside Josh's warm boy pussy. I think Josh knew this. He kept up his ministrations on my cock. 

I pushed forward again. This time I felt Josh push back a little. 

I pushed forward a little harder. I felt about half of my cockhead push into his hole.

There was no objection from Josh and he had stopped stroking my cock and now his hand was cupping my hairless balls. I gently rested my right hand on his hip and pushed forward.

With all the hand lotion I had applied the head popped into his cherry hole with little problem. "Wait" was all Josh said.

I laid in the quiet enjoying the warmth of my first boy pussy as Josh got used to my cock in his ass.

Josh pushed back taking at least another two inches in. He paused again and waited. He pushed back again this time harder bottoming out my cock into his ass. 

It felt so good. I leaned forward biting into his shoulder as a groan came from deep within me. "Fuck my ass" was all I heard.

I pumped slowly in and out of Josh's pussy. I pushed my left hand under his hip he was laying on and grabbed a hold tightly. Josh bent slightly at the waist as I dug my fingers into his hips and started slamming my cock into his ass.

I threw back the blankets so I could see his stretched hole around my cock. The bed was squeaking and slightly banging on the neighboring wall. I didn't care I just wanted to cum. I was pounding his ass so hard you could hear the slapping in the next county. I was gonna cum.

I grabbed on tight, my eyes flew open. Then I saw it, at the door. The door was cracked about six inches and my older sister was standing there watching me fuck my best friend's asshole. Her left hand was furiously fingering her clit while her right pulled and twisted her tiny nipples.

I grunted deeply and held on for dear life as my cock unloaded the biggest it ever has into Josh's bowls. I continued to hold Josh's hips as my cock was buried deep in his ass. I looked up at the door. My sister's eyes met mine, she smiled turned and closed the door.

"Y'know Brittany was watching us" I whispered in Josh's ear.

"I know I came again watching her fingering her pussy.