 Greg rounded the corner of the hospital entrance a little too fast causing them to skid. Jonathan held on for dear life feeling a thrill of titillation rush through him. His mouth suddenly dropped open and a screech permeated the atmosphere of the car. 

"I got it, baby." Greg quickly tried to assure him.

"Just let me off at the entrance." Jon announced.

"I will not! You can walk in with me, just like always." The man slowed to make another turn into the parking lot swiftly pulling into an empty spot. 

As soon as Greg had stopped the car, Jon was out the passenger side door. He impatiently waited for the doctor who was grabbing the items Bruce had requested in his call. Jonathan suddenly realized the fact and opened the door to the back seat. Half climbing in, he reached to grab what he could. They soon had it all gathered and was on their way into the hospital.

In the elevator, Jonathan leaned on Greg; worried and confused as to the details Bruce had given them. The doctor set the bag down that was in his hand curling an arm about the young man.

"It's gonna be ok. Bruce said they're just holding them both for observation. It's not serious." He muttered into his ear.

"We could've lost them both, Greg." Jon sniffled on the verge of tears.

"Yes, but we didn't." he kissed Jon's forehead allowing his lips to linger there for a long moment.

When the doors opened they noticed the groupings of uniformed police standing here and there. It was obvious something criminal had taken place, but Bruce hadn't stated that on the phone. All he had said was that Tony and Peter had had an accident, and were staying overnight at the hospital. He told Greg that they weren't seriously injured, but the doctors just wanted to be sure.

And Greg knew that song and dance. Something must have been questionable for the professionals to make that decision. Still, if it were serious, the doctor on the case wouldn't have offered to let them go home in the morning.

They saw Bruce talking to one of the officers and made their way toward them. Greg quickly assessed Bruce silently, upon approach, seeing that he was smiling and laughing with the man he was talking to. It made him calm down immediately.

"Ah, Greg." Bruce happened to glance their way and see them coming toward him and the cop he was talking to. One glimpse at Jonathan's face told him the young man was terribly worried. "Come 'ere, Jon." He stretched an arm to him and one to Greg at the same time. Curling them both to him, he held onto them desperately. 

"What happened, Bruce?" Greg mumbled as he snuggled into the man's shoulder and neck.

"Come to the waiting room. It's quieter there. We can talk." He released them leading the way. "We'll be in the waiting room if you need me." Bruce then said to the uniformed man standing next to him. The man nodded then stepped away to a nearby group of his peers.

After being seated in the small room alone, Bruce began to relay the events that led to both Tony and Peter being injured, then brought to the hospital.

"I had no idea Tony was hurt until we got here. I didn't even check the restroom when I saw those men hauling Peter out of the building. The only reason I found out, is I saw his name on one of the lists at the nurses station." He informed them.

"How are they, Bruce, really?" Greg asked then.

"Well, Tony has a concussion. Other than that, he's fine. Peter was just knocked unconscious when the car hit the light pole. The doctor said he wanted to keep him overnight, just for G.P." 

"G.P. my ass, Bruce. What room is he in? I'll find out right now." He stood.

"Greg, he's being watched. You'd be better off not even going in there."

"Watched? What are you not telling us?" the doctor's brow furrowed with sudden concern.

Bruce sighed long knowing he couldn't keep the truth from either of them. And it wouldn't be fair to them if he did. "Well, like I said, Peter was kidnapped by some Russian spies or something like that. And the police seem to think that since Peter's still alive, they may try it again."

They both heard the door close to the waiting room then. Each man turned to look, finding Jonathan had suddenly exited. 

"Damn, where is he going. He'll end up getting himself killed, Greg." Bruce stood instantly starting for the door.

"I don't think he cares at this point, Bruce. You know how he's been lately." Greg followed hurrying out of the room with the man to stop Jonathan.

They both saw him slip into Peter's room the cop holding the door open for him as he went in. Bruce knew he wouldn't allow all three of them in there at the same time, because of the danger in it. Still, he had thought no one would be allowed to enter the room until morning. He surmised that Jonathan had worked his charm to gain entrance and smiled at the fact.

"He's ok. There's a guard at the door. Let's just let Jon have his time with Peter. We both know how he feels about the man, and I don't blame him."

