 My names is David a white thirty three year old who is enjoy being an exhibitionist, enjoys masturbating, edging, the scent and feel of cum, and I have to confess, the scent and feel of piss.

 It's all his fault. Jonathan, just saying his name conjures up his image, tall solid built dancer slash swimmer's slash gymnasts gorgeous dark echolocate black body. Him of the flat tummy, the horse hung eight-inch cock and a pair of golf balls sized nuts. I can't get our play time together the other day out of my mind. The smell, the sights, everything about him gets me an hard on.

 My own slender three inches gets blasted into its full six-inch erection. I'm a mere five feet three inches tall and weigh in at one hundred and twenty some pounds. I've been told repeatedly these last few days that I have a great looking ass and legs. I do get a lot of walking and swimming in. I'm my own boss and fairly well off, enough to afford this penthouse suburban apartment.

 My obsession with Jonathan found me driving home after meeting with a client and seeing the Goodwill store that is located on the way home. I normally would not have given it a second thought but I suddenly found myself driving into the parking lot once I saw that it was just about empty. Why was that a good thing? What am I doing here, I ask as I find myself striding into the store on some kind of mission.

 What for?

 I feel obsessed and possessed and my dick is getting hard. What does it know that I don't?

 I finally get a clue when I find myself standing in front of the women's shoe racks, searching and hunting.

 Oh my God....I remember Jonathan saying he owns and wears, in secret presumably, women's high heels. He mentioning bring a pair to show me at our next meet. 

 Suddenly I tremble. I begin to sweat and fear takes over at what I see.

 Two pairs of shoes. I have one of each in my hands and I can tell that they would fit my feet. 

I have a shoe fetish and just know this kind of thing. Though in my prior life BJ (Before Jonathan) that was just a bit of fetish trivia.

 One is a pink platform open toed mule. A sexy hooker's heels, four inch of plastic pink platform with a solid pink plastic six-inch heel. 

The other is a black ankle and two straps four inch heeled shoe.

 They seem to burn my hands as I hold them and my heart races as I look upon them. No one else sees me here. I'm so afraid that I would at any instance get arrested as some kind of pervert.

 Buy me, they sing sweetly and seductively to me.

 Buy me.

 Take me home with you.

 Wear me.

 Buy me.

 No! No! No!

 I can't do this!

 I must not do this!

 I have to leave! Now!

 Oh God help me.....help me.....I plead as I walk to the counter with those sinful things gripped in my shaking hands.

 Please somebody stop me. Don't let me do this....

 But no one hears my pleas.

 The young girl at the counter is more focus on her texting than me. She takes my cash and rings up my purchase without even looking at who I am. She couldn't care less if I am female, male, or a centaur. I have cash and she takes it.

 "Want a bag?" She asks, as she doesn't bother to hear my answer, puts them into a red plastic bag, and hands the shoes to me. "Have a nice day...." She says as she reads the next text on her smart phone.

 I shake and my penis aches as I walk out of the store. I almost break into a run as I don't want anyone to see the enormous tent my erection is making in my dress slacks. My hands shake as I open the door and I have to really concentrate to get out of the parking lot and onto the street without harming myself or others.

 It is around two O'clock when I park my car I notice. The significance of that is not lost on me. My building is empty. No one is here but me. During the week, everyone goes off to work and the kids are not yet back from school. The parking lot is empty.

 I guiltily exit from the car and walk to the lobby. A horrible feeling comes over me. A burning desire to rip off my clothes, get naked and prance around in these shoes!

 Oh God help me.

 I think of Jonathan's sweet big black bubble butt and long legs astride these shoes and my cock aches and begs to be let loose from its confines.

 I am possessed.

 I step into the lobby and I can't help myself as 

I frantically stripe naked right there in the lobby for anyone...and no one to see me.

 I tremble as I set my bare ass on the bench in the lobby and pick up the pink platform shoes. 

Those hideous sexy monsters. They sing to me like sirens and I my helpless.

 My feet slip into them and I feel......good.

 Natural.

 Fine.

 Better than fine.

 Sexy.

 I love with a fetish desire high-heeled shoes. I obsessively collect images of women in scanty clothes wearing them. I've masturbated hundreds of times to these images and now I am one of them. One of those sexy sluts wearing nothing but these incredibly sexy shoes.

 I stand up and don't fall over.

 I begin to gather my clothes up, bending over and picking them up and I notice that I can do with some preternatural ease and grace. I feel alive. 

I feel powerful. I feel like a slut.

 I feel my cock leaking pre-cum.

 I push the button for the elevator and luxuriate in the feelings of being nude in public and wearing a pair of women's shoes. 

 I'm wearing fucking hooker's shoes!

 I get into the safety of the empty elevator and my heart stops racing. I won't get arrested I say to myself.

 I ride the elevator up and guiltily enjoy the feeling of being naked and the hot wicked shame of wearing these pink platform six-inch heels.

 I with more grace than I could ever imagine step out of the elevator and walk down the hall on these six inch things. It feels so unnaturally normal.

 What am I?

 I unlock the door and go about putting away my clothes and hiding the other pair of shoes in my bedroom.

 It does feel normal to be naked in my own apartment. I usually am. 

 But I'm not usually wearing women's six-inch heels I tell myself. 

 It still is a sexual rush that I feel deep in my groin.

 I sit down at the table, turn on the computer, and go about in a semblance of normality some work.

 It is about an hour into working, I'm sipping a glass of wine when a chat window opens up.

 It's Jonathan.

 HI, he texts. I'M THE ONLY 1 AT THE OFFICE. I USAULLY HAVE THE EARLY SHIFT BUT I VOLUNTEERED TO TAKE A FRIENDS SHIFT SO IM STUCK ON THIS SHIFT THE REST OF THE WEEK. I NOW COME IN LATER AND LEAVE LATER.

 HI, I text back.

 IM BORED. HELP ME LIVEN IT UP SO R U NAKED? He asks.

 I laugh. Naughty boy. YES

 LUCKY U. PLAYING WITH IT?

 A BIT.

 HEY, U SAID NO BODY IS AROUND? I ask.

 ALL GONE. PLACE IS TOTAL EMPTY. I JUST STUCK HERE FOR A FEW MORE HOURS. R U ALWAYS NAKED AT 

HOME?

 YES.

 DO U ALWAYS PLAY WITH URSELF WHILE U WORK?

 I giggle. What should I tell him? SOMETIMES. I feel my penis calling me. Should I do the one handed type? Yes! I begin to stroke off, slowly.

 LUCKY. R U PLAYING WITH URSELF NOW?

 YES How did he know? I apply some lotion to my cock. I always have lotion nearby throughout the apartment.

 SEND ME A PICTURE OF IT

 WHAT?

 SEND ME A PICTURE OF U NAKED AND UR HARD ON

 OKAY. I take a picture with the computer's web cam off my erection all greased up and shiny.

 NICE! LOVE U R COCK.

 NOW SEND ME A PIC OF YOUR COCK.

 I CAN'T I'M AT WORK.

 HEY U SAID NO ONE IS THERE, T/F?

 T

 NO ONE WILL BE BACK?

 NO ONE.

 BUT U HAVE TO STAY?

 YES

 SO I can't believe I'm going to type this. Thinking these thoughts make me crave my butt plug. WHY NOT GET NAKED?

 NOW?

 U SAID NO ONE AROUND. NO ONE RETURNING

 TRUE

 THEN?

 U R BAD!!!!!

 THAT'S UR FAULT

 HAH. OKAY BRB

 That gives me some time. I rush out of the chair and go get my butt plug and some lotion. I lube it up and then press its plastic head against my love bud and it slowly slips in. I sit back down. With one hand fondling myself.

 U BACK? I type.

 YES

 WHAT DID U DO?

 LOCKED DOOR STRIPPED DOWN

 HA! NAKED?

 NO

 WHY NOT?

 I LIKE THONGS. I AM WEARING A SILK RED THONG

GIRLY TYPE?

 YES THE ONLY KIND TO WEAR

 HA!

 SEND ME A PIC OF UR COCK.

 WAIT...I HAVE MY TABLET....LETS SKYPE WEB CAM.

 OKAY.

 BRB. While Jonathan gets his tablet, I set up my skype and webcam. Send him my invite. He connects. There he is with his huge cock and balls packed into a small red thong. "Nice now show me a picture of your cock," I say aloud.

 "Oh, alright, there,"He pulls it out. 

 "Ahhh...so nice, Hey, you will never guess what I did today?" What am I doing???

 "So, tell me what did you do?" Jonathan asks

 "I ah found some high heels at Goodwill."

 "Did you buy them?"

 I take a deep breath. "Well yes, I did. Two pair."

 "Are you wearing them now?"

 "Yes," I did it confessed my secret. I feel all flushed with embarrassment, as if I was caught with my hand in the cookie jar.

 "Show me"

 I stand up and let the webcam see me.

 "Oh my! You look so hot! Those are fucking amazing shoes. You are a lucky dog. Guess what?"

 "What?"

 "I also bought a new pair today at lunch today."

 "Show me."

 "Let me get them."

 I watch as he walks away out sight then he comes back with his thong wearing black pumps with a four inch heels. "You look so sexy."

 "So, have you cum today?"

 "Only once, and you?"

 "Just this morning, in the shower."

 "Why didn't you cum?"

 "Just wanted to edge."

 "Do you play with yourself every morning?

 "Yes. Do you play with yourself every morning in the shower?"

 "Yes."

 "Do you cum every morning?" I ask.

 "Usually. But you don't, correct?"

 "Correct, sometimes I just like to edge makes me want it for later."

 "Yes it does. This is making me horny."

 "Me too, that was the point of me calling you. Let's jack off together."

 "You are so bad."

 "Yes, I am. Let's see who can last the longest."

 "Okay."

 "Start now!"

 I watch as he strikes his stiffing black cock while I work my cock. We go at it for the next ten minutes when I hear his office phone ring.

 "Good thing I'm wearing the head phones now be quite while I answer the phone."

 I watch and listen as he talks to the client while still playing with the tip of his thick black cut prick. Seeing him masturbating while he is talking to his clients is such a turn on. I almost lose it right there. I have to slow down before I start moaning out loud. Can't let his client here me over Skype. Now Jonathan is rolling his eyes and faking jerking off, as if to say that the guy is just jacking him off as in wasting his time.

 "Finally! I got him off the phone, now wear was I....ahhh. yes...doing this....mmmm...how are you holding up your end? Doing well I can see," Jonathan teases.

 "Almost lost it when you had to talk with him."

 "Me too, they should pay me to work like this."

 "I would!" Oppss...did I say that.

 "Darling, I would give it to you for free."

 "Ahh....thanks...but I got to stop for a moment."

 "Why?"

 "I need to pee."

 "Can you do something for me?"

 "Sure."

 "Do you have any of those hot/cold sports bottle containers?"

 "Sure. I most have gotten almost a half dozen of them from customers as promo items."

 "Go get one."

 "Okay, but I need to pee..."

 "I know, just go get me and bring it back here."

Sigh. "Okay."

 I find one and bring it back. "Now what?"

 "Unscrew the top. I know you're an expert at screwing things."

 "Cute."

 I do so. "Now what?"

 "Piss in that. Do it for me."

 "What?"

 "Let me watch you piss into the bottle."

 "This is weird but okay, for you."

 I place my prick head into the opening and hold it there while holding the bottle as well with the other hand. "You really want me to.....uhhhhh....okay....there it comes....."

 A start stream of golden fluids begins to fill the bottle. The warm yellow fluids look like a bottle of beer. "Ahhhhh....oh man....you seeing this?"

 "Oh yeah. Wonderful."

 "I just want to suck you so bad..." Jonathan says. "Can I come over?"

 "No one has ever given me a blow job ever."

 "Oh you poor darling. Well I'm so glad to be the first. I'll see you shortly! Bye!"

 "But...." The screen goes blank. I was about to ask him what do I do with this bottle of piss. Oh my God he is coming over to give me a blow job!!! If I wasn't already peeing I would have peed in my pants I'm so excited.

 I set the bottle on the kitchen counter and try to wait calmly for his arrival.

 When the buzzer goes off, I just about jumped out of my chair from the excitement. I run as quickly as I can in my platform high heels to ask who it is.

 "It's me dearie, let me in."

 I buzz the door open and stand by the front door of my apartment waiting expectantly.

 I finally hear the sound of the elevator and the door opening. I hear him step out of the elevator but then there is silence. What's going on? I hear rustling sounds then as I approach the door and then hear the reassuring sound of high heels approaching.

 The door opens and he makes his entrance, a slender tall black male wearing a scarlet camisole, matching red panties that I saw on screen and those four-inch black pumps on his small feet. That old idea about the size of a guy's feet and the size of his meat never saw Jonathan.

 "Come here." Jonathan holds out his arms to me. I approach and his strong arms engulfs me and he draws me into his embrace. So warm, so comforting, and so arousing. I feel his member press into me and feel my own getting harder as it snuggles against the silk and his hardness underneath that silk.

 He begins to kiss my on the forehead, eyes, cheeks, and I just am amazed at my reaction to his presence and his body. My mouth just falls open to say something but he silences my words with a soft kiss.

 Oh God...I start to swoon and would fall over if not for the fact that Jonathan has one hand firmly gripping my soft butt and the other wrapped around my torso.

 Then I'm released.

 I'm like a newborn trying to stand on my own feet after my mother just let go of me.

 "Now be a dear, I need to pee, could you bring me something to piss in?"

 I go get my half-filled bottle and start to bring it over to Jonathan.

 "That's a dear but could you please doing that screwing thing you're so good at and remove the top for me?"

 "Of course, what was I thinking?"

 "I haven't the faintest idea," Jonathan says winking at me with a wicked grin, "now I'll hold the bottle while could you be a dear, and remove my panties for me. But do it carefully, get a tight grip on my dainty little sex so I don't wee-wee all over the floor, then hold it over the bottle so a girl can pee?"

 "Yes, my dear one. I'm ever at your command my dear one," I say as I hand Jonathan the half-filled bottle with my golden urine.

 Then I reach over to his red silk panties where his piss engorged penis rest underneath the fabric straining to be released. I pull it them down over his wide solid hips and ass. As I do so 

I start to consider his measurements as I have done so many other times doing just this act with some babe I picked up for the night. Let's see, as I feel Jonathan's hips and bubble butt I judge he must be a 38, I pull over his panties and let them puddle around his black pumps. All the while 

I keep a tight grip on his warm solid penis as I slide my hand up to his waist and play with his belly button, and conclude that he has a 30-inch waist. As I look up at his wide solid smooth black chest, I say he was a 38 bust as well. 

 Nice, hourglass figure. He is such a hot babe. I grip his solid thick hot prick just below it's head as I point the tip of his penis just inside the open bottle.

 "Ahhhh....good boy.....I do need to pee...."

 I hold onto to his thick soft penis and as I release my tight grip. I can feel the urine begin to surge out of it. A blast of golden fluid pours out into the bottle and it is a wicked erotic feeling of holding Jonathan's firehouse while he urinates into the bottle.

 "Ohhh....yessss...I needed this....I had to hold it in for so longggg....mmmmmmm...yess...."

 Oh my God he's not kidding! I watch with concern as I hold on to his hose fearing that he will fill the bottle beyond its capacity to hold all this piss.

 "mmmmmm...." Jonathan murmurs as he blissfully urinates. "How am I doing?"

 "Just fine....hopefully you're almost finished?" thinking if you're not my floor will be flooded.

 "Oh...yessss...just a bit more...don't let go..."

 "I wouldn't think of it."

 "You're such a dear. A girl needs a handy man don't you think?"

 Finally, I feel the pushing tide of hot piss begin to subside. I shake off the last drops on the almost filled to the brim bottle.

 "Be a dear and do that screwing thing you do so well, be carefully, and don't spill any of it."

 As I put the bottle on the counter to screw in the top, Jonathan comes up behind me and presses his thick warm meat up against my ass, sliding it along my bare ass to settle in between my cheeks.

 "Uhhh such a nice butt..." He says as he slowly humps my ass. 

 I almost knock over the bottle at this. I feel my balls burn and my cock struggle with its growing erection but I'm pressed into the counter and it can only press against my body and the solid wood.

 "Ohhh...yes...more of this later. Now," he takes my hand, "take me to the bedroom.

"Ahhh...this way."

 We go to my bedroom and Jonathan leans me up against the edge of the bed and then pushes me over. I land on my back as he rips off his remaining shred of clothing and begins to crawl naked onto the bed. He straddles my body and I feel the heels of his black pumps scrap against my legs as he makes his way up along my body. I look up at this sexual animal in heat that looks like he is about to swallow me whole. He pounces on me with a grin as he plants hot kisses on my face, lips and neck making his way down my naked body toward my erection.

 He begins to lick my tummy and play with my belly button, occasionally nipping at my bare flesh. 

Then he finally gets to my vibrating cock so hot and hard. And he kisses my head.

 "Ohhhhhh God!!!!" I burst out. I've never experienced anything like this.

 He licks the length of my stiff meat and his hot breath just sends shivers up and down my body. He grabs my balls with one hand and aims my cock towards his open mouth. I hold my breath as he does it. He swallows my cock and OH-MY-GOD! 

 Wet.

 Hot.

 Pleasure courses through my body as he begins to suck and lick my cock inside of his mouth. He glides his mouth up and down along my engulfed throbbing stiffness and I just barely can contain my pleasure. I feel lost in his mouth and so thrilled. My cock and balls pulsate and my breath goes shallow and my heart pounds in my chest. 

 I've seen this done on screen hundreds of times and seen the look on the face of the guy receiving the blow job but I could never imagine the reality of what it felt like. I can't control myself and I'm happy to be in Jonathan's controlling hands and mouth. I just drift off into bliss and let him do what he will to me. 

 I moan and just lose it all in a burst of orgasmic pleasure that fills everything as I feel my seed filling his mouth.

!!!!!!

 When I come back to my body after I just came like for hours I see Jonathan's bright happy face with my cum dripping off his lips and he is wrapping his arms around me and we kiss hot and fierce.

 Our tongues trade my cum back and forth between us as I passionately kiss this amazing sexual being.

 He rises up and settle straddles me with his knees trapping my body as he sets his bare warm ass on my chest, his proud solid prick points directly at my mouth and I want it! I want it so badly.
